what's going on everybody ready yeah
okay so as you all know one of our a
scaling members won our January
sleepover and his name is Sebastian
thank you all for showing him so much
love and support we truly appreciate it
and he's actually going to be sleeping
over today as a matter of fact his
driver should be picking him up in about
20 minutes so I figured why not mess
with him a little bit Katherine didn't
want me to do this to him because it's
kind of messed up but I just have to do
it because a family you know how I am
I'm a jokester so before the driver gets
told we're gonna pull a little prank on
all right family so this is what's about
to go down what about to have our
manager call him put us all on three-way
so we can hear the conversation and our
manager is gonna tell him that the AT&T
has canceled the sleepover that's best
I promise you a scam but we won't drag
it on too long so we're gonna wait to
hear what his response is and then we're
gonna let him know it's a joke and we'll
be seeing her very soon so I spent you
ready to see his reaction this is so
wrong yo you ready all right go ahead
well Ruby as quite as we can be put us
on three-way and we wait like 10 seconds
then we can all say it's a joke yeah so
just say hey the ace family I'm sorry to
tell you this but they have canceled the
sleepover I'm not sure when they'll be
having you over boys are you ready yep
hey he's part of a scene where we prank
people we love right yeah hey so uh
Catherine and here's a thing they're
gonna have to cancel the sleepover
something just came up
I'm trying to figure out kind of what
the next step is so so as of now we're
gonna have to cancel it I'm eeen we're
still tough figure it out all right so
that's a job we love you my dad's he's
so evil I'm sorry we're waiting for you
Sebastian we love you come come here so
he can hug you
hey we have to I told Catherine we prank
the people we love so hey all right we
got to your driver your driver should be
there any minute and we'll be seeing you
soon right all right man see ace family
wasn't that bad come on oh it was fun no
fun in games right so we're gonna get
ready to wait for Sebastian we actually
have Al's grandpa coming over to take
care of Alfred tonight because we
actually have plans with Sebastian we
want to take him out yeah
oh he's here guys hey family nice family
hey family he's here he's here Elle he's
here he's here you see him get away from
the window get away from the window
Elle what L AM by looking at you he's
here calm you know why I'm gonna start
hanging up the phone and crying like
this is not okay
and then astana yeah welcome to the ACE
family crib don't mind it slow dirty
fellow dirty don't mind
alright so okay so like I was I got the
notification and I feel myself I'm like
I'm not gonna watch this because I'm
gonna be heartbroken like the first one
like the first one when I thought I did
no like I'm not watching because the
first one I watched and it was just so
heartbreaking I don't like oh my god
like I've been trying so hard and the
second one my friend start calling me
and I was like hello and they're like oh
my god
I'm like hold on no idea being like a
belt on and then I started going in the
I start going in the kitchen without
that kind of party like guys I've won
and they're like no you didn't know you
didn't and I'm like yes no like
everybody was texting me and I was like
okay let's watch the video and see if I
actually won because my Twitter
Instagram the blowing up and I was like
yo like did I actually win this and I
seen and then I was watching the video
my cousin got my reaction I started
yelling and crying I need to see I woke
up having my home alright step you got
his relaxers we're gonna roll the clip
for y'all yeah okay so I'm gonna tell
you about now I was watching it I was
like she's playing it so magical like I
love her so much and she's like
beautiful on screen and beautiful with
words and beautiful with everything like
good yeah and then one offensive line a
bunch of live yeah boy
hey Sammy knows your true supporter when
he got the ACE merch super family indeed
he's a real one yeah we have some stuff
for you what we don't come on man you
know you don't mean ah I'm sorry okay
well we do have plan though we're gonna
go to dinner together and they're gonna
go to the movies whoever is new or a
channel make sure you
scrapland enjoying the family if you're
new and you don't know what's going on
right now and we have one of our eight
family members here right now his name
is Sebastian he's part of a family so
since he has such a spontaneous
personality and adult personality I
thought the perfect video idea for today
I'm sure all of you have read the title
we are going to teach all of our ATM
numbers how to sneak snacks in the movie
theater so what we're gonna do is head
over to Walmart or Target Thai idea
we're gonna head over we're going to buy
a bunch of snacks for all of us and
we're going to buy pillowcases because
we have the perfect idea and we're
always going to take you eight family
members with this ELISA let's go
alright Bama we are currently in target
looking for pillowcases for all of us to
put our snacks in and then we're gonna
head to the snack section pillowcases
Jake all right so we're gonna need
enough snacks to fill up these
pillowcases so just get a bunch of
and you will have to eat them tonight we
can just save them for later so just
start throwing stuff in the cart let's
do it trollese chant sweethearts check
to Butterfinger check popcorn cheese
balls
check Pringle bye Milford
goldfish
baloney chick oh the ruffles quiso
how Usain Bolt chicka pop chance - yells
aw hell no Pyrrha booties uh-huh chicken
all right family you think we got enough
snacks I still gonna play a little game
yeah so the one who gets first away from
actual price has to jump in the pool
tomorrow deal so what'd you guys think
did you say baby
don't try to calculate each item 111
okay I'm gonna say 125 135 okay I'm
gonna say 152 we're already at 81
dollars okay furthest away is Amanda oh
all right ace family we are now here at
the movie theater and it's time to
create our snack pillows so how about we
do one by one guests gets to go first
you pick your snacks out and put them in
your case all right all right so now is
my baby's turn all right so now it's
daddy's turn
so now it is ladies first and last but
not least Trey I know we can't be the
only ones who've seen on YouTube how to
sneak snacks in a movie theater but
we're not gonna be doing it that way the
ace family does it a little bit
different instead of going to the movie
theaters pregnant we can't do that
because we have fellas here and fellas
in this world we just can't get pregnant
Oh instead of being pregnant we got
something better for all of you well
away this is how we gonna do it all my
bad bitches the information
so what you walk away my beautiful queen
with an ant booty showing what you
working with
shake shake shake so now we got a little
African with a little big ol booty shake
alright save the best for last y'all
know what y'all working week let's get
this started all I gotta say
whoever is watching this video do not
try this at home so if y'all never
listen to anything I said on this
channel y'all better listen today
because I just touch on the biggest life
hack in the world how to sneak snacks in
the movie theater and by doing that you
got a create a big-ass so now for the
hardest part in today's video we really
gotta try to sneak in come on my faggy
boat
my security so now what we do it wants
to be the guinea pig go first
Oh No oh really going
oh no no snacks everybody just act
normal
Hey oh
oh alright then we made it to the movies
everyone safe and sound
sneaking snacks into the movies well
success we shall see you guys after the
movie peace our ace family it is
currently the next day as you all
witness we turned up so much last night
that I fell asleep and Catherine and I
laid awake not awesome was kidding when
he said it was three hours but it was
actually three hours so we got home
around like 1:30 2:00 a.m. so he went to
sleep we didn't even bother finishing
the video because we were so tired so
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out today's video
Sebastian would love to say something to
all of you ace 90 members he has a
message for all of you and by the way we
don't know what his message is we say
say whatever you got a sorry so first I
want to thank y'all for having me over I
love you guys so much we had the best
conversation and thank you so much to
all you guys my members for showing me
so much respect following my Instagram
follow my Twitter my snapchat if y'all
want to see more of me
I'll probably get to YouTube inspired
like four months ago four months ago
put the link in the description as
always you guys can check him out and
show him love I never in a million years
would think that would actually get
noticed by them it's like so crazy
because they're literally like my whole
life I told her Instagram ago through
Twitter though of everything love other
social medias and I would never in a
million years think that would actually
get it
so like for some of you guys that aren't
thinking like oh they're never gonna
pick me I'm never gonna win a giveaway
it's honestly just have faith in
yourself and say like one day it's gonna
happen we're still happy that we got
and get to know him because he's such an
amazing person we got to hang out with
him yesterday and today just know that
you feel like you're not being noticed
by us you probably are and we do notice
you and we know exactly who you are we
just haven't said anything yet because
there's so many of you just like
Sebastian said just have faith don't
wait on me so again thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
poll the today's posted vacation shout
out goes to actually someone who
commented on someone's comment and the
reason why I'm telling you this is
because this person was so nice to one
of our ace family members someone said
something along the lines that they're
having health issues and I noticed that
someone responded and said that they're
in their prayers and I just thought that
was so amazing because I love to see
positive comments on our channel so this
posted vacation shadow goes to Jennifer
Vegas a shot to you Jennifer
shoutout to you girl thank you so much
for our Polson vacations turned on
whoever else like a post on vacation
shoutout all you got to do is subscribe
to the ACE family hit that subscribe
button turn our post notifications hit
that Bell budge do those two things just
comment with just know we'd be having
another sleepover next month for
February right we're still be picking
more people so stay tuned for that keep
showing love obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give it a
thumbs up right like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always safe we'll be back with
more details is
