what's going on it okay so before we
continue in today's video if you are new
to our channel make sure you hit that
subscribe button and join the family hey
why not subscribe not sure if you guys
noticed or not but as you can see we're
wearing our new Valentines Day t-shirts
all you guys gonna do is go to shop a
family calm the link is always in the
description so we're about to get ready
to run some errands and obviously take
you guys with us but before we do so a
lot of you guys notice that Katherine
forgot to give you my gift in the
yesterday's video first of all the gift
isn't anything like out of the ordinary
not spectacular it's not a spectacular
gift that's why I forgot about it well
obviously we were talking in then I
think she forgot about it cuz I was so
confused by her wig it ended me off a
little bit you're gonna get it hmm I
wonder what it is it's probably some
drawls or something like that be careful
hmm thanks family left or right since
I'm right-handed
we'll go left you sure yeah okay guys
Austin always steals my charger always I
never have a talk a charger we always
get into arguments about the freakin
chargers so I got you an extra-long
charger for your bed wow thank you very
much
I love it thank you
alright so so much for again awesome if
you ever ever use my charger again I'm
to replay this moment a million times
ace family what do you think she's
talking to like that dad he's just
kidding
you never talks to me like that all
right Sam let's go run our errands come
on hey family I'm running away from
Kathleen now because she's trying to
make me wear the week when we go out no
I'm not wearing that way you cannot
treat this way like you treated my other
way
what maybe I'm not wearing that I didn't
lose a bed Oh what am I doing this for a
lot of things I know everybody going
judge me talking about why Lawson was so
couple with the wig on why he doing that
easy what the hell is easy oh hell no
that's the way cock I just want to say
before they see me I just want to say
that I only do things like this because
I love to a snail me so much I don't
think I'm ready better yeah okay oh god
I'm scared they're gonna screenshot me
okay Oh God
Hayes family I'm gonna give you all 2.5
seconds to screenshot this shit bang
welcome stormy damn I really got to go
on like this today I'm only going on
like this family right now it gives me
thumbs up right now for going out like
this I need I need I need about at least
300,000 thumbs up for me to go out like
this cuz we got to go grocery shopping
we got to be on public like this
this is crazy all right enough talking
let's go go on a full acting mode I
can't believe your mother do this shit
ace family we just arrived at Costco
we're about to run in and grab a few
groceries we're gonna make this trip as
quick as possible
you Lukas skunk
good
while your my laugh at me already you
know what I just don't understand what
other people judge other people based
off what they look like all right what
they wear or what they would all I gotta
say for the people watching is do what
makes you happy
if you want to look like me and look
like me if you want to look like
something else look like something else
do whatever makes you happy
let's continue but then Jake watermelone
check strawberries check oh hell no it's
a bootleg cutie what a real cuties up
Abigail's up check apple slices you know
it chicken what is this mini hot dogs
mini hot dogs shit turkey breast shit
check the noodle soup what about these
roasted chicken sandwiches no we don't
need those okay no check Oh got the
chicken skewers you know that's a chance
Tayloe nice to know but we don't need
though we don't need to bless the other
Hearns chick she the organic juices for
baby yell she
party all right ace family I just have
something to tell you so Austin has been
getting us Arrowhead and I don't know
why and it's so friggin annoying what is
the worst kind of water see I didn't
know that why yeah because you always
get Arrowhead and else you don't roll
with it it doesn't have much alkaline in
it it's not good all right so what we
need to get smart water change
see that's why I love Costco because it
lets you do whatever you want we come
because we get to film here in other
places they don't let you tube or shine
but Costco they let you Sean gives a
raise huh chick right Jules chick
we don't even drink grape juice hello
girl you've never had grape juice before
your life I'll drink it on malls on what
you got man Snapple the laughing shit
turkey buggy chick mini tacos
check for gales chick bro smack shit
wait what Augusta the pressures are
disgusting
what'd you say well oh great
alright guys so we just got home and
Ryan wasn't playing when he said he was
gonna tattoo somebody today it's only
fair we do it like this everyone pick a
color so what color you want code you
want oh you want red okay okay um so I
guess I'll take the only color left
which is a blue right yeah here we go
you ready so wait what are you getting
tatted the hell you know what if we will
do it do it big go big go home so what
under forehead tattoos you down with the
neck so you're gonna get a tattoo as big
as Ryan's got a family this is really
about to go down right now
all right a family is about to go down
tre yeah are you ready for this
for those wondering what I'm doing
he's gonna have to keep watching wait
bro is this really about to go down
well where's Trey at bro
well tomato irony he ran bro this is
really about to go down a family this
your buddy getting for life you're going
to the grave and we still don't even
know what it is yet we don't know what
but you know what bro when you're old
and wrinkly and your grandpa or your
grandchildren asking always gonna
remember me this is wrong not to you my
rap game brother I change them all into
this tattoo red ace family I need all of
you right now to comment below to go
over it a galaxy
each time just so you know actually do
this so this is not just for fun and
games
I'm as you all know one man here is a
magician when it comes to anything that
has to do with art we talking about
paintings we talking about drawings
talking about wall are we talking about
graffiti and we're talking about tattoos
I'm sorry I made you nervous
Wow how you holding up playboy admit
that shit hurts bro
hello bitch
all right Trey I got an idea I get to
pick two colors on this board there's
six colors total I get to pick two if I
land on one of my colors that I pick I
get to tattoo you this is really about
to go down all right I choose blue and
red how many tries I get Oh
all right once right here we go is
family all right bro hand that over to
Daddy to you he won are you hold the
camera while I do my lot I can't leave I
hope I'm not making a mistake
oh hey I mean all I gotta say this is
all my first time attempting attention
when I'm the guinea pig I must admit
that this right here defines our
friendship we go way back since the
third grade
hey I'm good grab a toilet paper towel
paper carry Tommy Brue Oh what all right
fold it like like a nice square and then
just keep it between your fingers on the
other hand to my fingers yeah there you
go like that so you can have it all
right you got ink in it yeah put it okay
put it on don't push all the way down
hello hello before I do this let's show
them what he's getting
because I know that ACM is probably
wondering what Ryan is tattooing on him
so as you can see it's a rose her heads
it's obviously not done yet it's just
the outline and it already looks
fabulous Ryan could all see you so you
want me to put the ACE family on the
hand right yeah like this there's every
single of our members like poor
shit-faced hospitals under his neck okay
oh so you want like you want you want me
Ellen and Catherine in the hand so you
would just want don't put 4 million 4
million into 500,000 people you figured
that women really about to go down okay
now here we go bro what the hell oh my
god she should make you some playing oh
my god bro I can't even fix that
Rize nothing come on are you guys stay
still bro bro you are shaking like a
stripper station do
whoa hey Petey Ryan mouth clean it was
clean thank you thank you all right guys
so obviously Ryan has a finished tattoo
and try not to edit upload this video
for you guys so won't be done in time
but make sure you stay tuned for
tomorrow's video so you guys can see the
finished product so thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's family I hope you all didn't
forget about our ace family sleepover
guys we did this sleepover for December
or don't want for January and we're also
doing for February we will be picking
January sleepover winter in a few days
so in order to have a chance to win the
sleepover what you have to do is you
have to subscribe to the AA's family our
Channel and then you also have to follow
all three of us on Instagram and
continue showing love a lot of love guys
it's literally that where's my love you
a kiss guys it's literally that easy to
have a chance to sleep over here we wish
all of you can sleep over I wish we had
enough room for all of our eight
hundred-number
imagine we had four million five hundred
people on you we could be impossible we
will just have to sleep outside so thank
you all for tuning in as always before
we close out today's video we do have to
give our posts on vacation shout out to
whomever
so today's posted a vacation shout out
goes to Melissa
shanshu Melissa thank you so much for
being a part of the ACE family girl
we love you whoever else like a poster
notation shoutout all you got to do is
subscribe today's family hit that
subscribe button and turn our post
notifications hit that Bell button and
once you do those two things just
comment when done and obviously if you
liked today's video you've got to give
it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up for
awesome wearing the wig today in public
H so like comment share and subscribe
and like me and my beautiful Queen
always say I'll be back with more videos
peace
