hey what's going on everybody so as you
guys saw from today's option we are
going to be spending the day apart so
you guys know we literally spent every
waking moment together which is amazing
as you should because we love being
together and there's no other way that I
would rather have it okay but we do need
some time apart sometimes and just feel
like we need some time apart because
this one right here she could get on my
nerves just a little bit so what we're
gonna be doing is he's gonna leave and
he's gonna do whatever he wants to do
today he's family her but she said I can
do whatever I want
okay and so can I so I'm gonna go ahead
and do whatever I want to do for today
no I just say you can do whatever you
want you said I quit around no we're
both doing what everybody walk or today
you can go in your little Lambo and go
off and like and do whatever you want
okay you can stay home into whatever you
want no I would never say so I get down
she stayed home where Debbie lives the
only one here yesterday so he doesn't
even have a date of himself but what if
I don't want to leave you what if I just
want to be with you all day that's the
point of today is to not leave at each
other okay you know that you want it I
don't know stop running easy I don't
know I don't want to be without you
you're lying that's why there's no way
you wouldn't even admit yourself so he's
gonna leave and take one camera I'm
gonna do the same I'm gonna leave until
my camera so you guys can see both
perspectives of today obviously we're
not gonna film the whole entire day but
we are gonna film a little bit so you
guys can see what we did and we'll meet
here tonight
and I did
just in time for you guys to see I guess
I guess we can do that so I definitely
do think that Austin's day or the his
part of today might be more entertaining
than mine because she said I get to do
whatever I want a stable you heard it
straight from her mouth I can do
whatever I want so the things that I
want to do I think people would find it
more boring just because there's just
things that I would typically want to do
that he wouldn't want to do like getting
my nails done or something true in a day
it's gonna be entertaining cuz all gonna
be in one video and before we get into
today if you are not a part of the ACE
family makes you hit that subscribe
button and join the family so my
beautiful queen are you ready to stay
home I'm not ready to get started
I guess alright so I'm gonna take the
ACE man they would meet first what I
show them something wanna take my jacket
off so I wanted to share with you guys
some of the products that have been
using lately some of the things that are
absolutely loved so as you guys know I
filmed pretty much every single day I'm
always looking around I'm also a mom so
I'm super super busy you guys know that
so I wanted to share with you guys some
of the skin products that I've been
using lately the first product that I
want to share with you guys is the
coconut water cream this cream has
electrolyte coconut water as a base and
it's super super hydrating it also dries
really quickly when you put it on your
skin so that you can just apply your
foundation right afterwards something
you guys don't know about me is I have
really really dry skin especially during
the winter times so I'm always looking
for things some moisturize my skin and
keep my skin looking really healthy and
for the second product that I wanted to
share with you guys that's by far my
favorite product of their line is a
ginger and turmeric a vitamin c jelly
mass so this masque in particular gives
you brighter skin and definitely gives
you like a healthier skin complexion the
reason why I use this is because number
one I love ginger anything ginger
related I love it whether it
handy food whatever sign ooh I like this
once I knew that it was ginger and I
smelt it and by the way it smells so
amazing content to do maths more so at
night time obviously because that's one
I have the time to do it so what I'll do
is I'll take a shower
virtually t take my makeup off put L to
sleep come back in the bathroom and
finally put my mask on I put this ginger
mask on it feels amazing the texture of
it it's a jelly texture so it feels
really good on the skin kind of like a
cooling effect and then in the morning
when I wake up my skin looks brighter
healthier and so I really love this
product this is a crime that I would
definitely recommend especially if you
like ginger being a mom but being super
super busy also be on camera pretty much
every single day it really takes a toll
on my skin especially because I wear
makeup and so finding products like this
that moisturize my skin replenishes my
skin makes a brighter really is a huge
thing for me a huge plus for me so if
you're looking for a moisturizer that
leaves you a satin finish if you're
looking for healthier complexion
beautiful skin ready for makeup ready
for your day definitely again recommend
first a beauty try it out let me know me
you guys think I'm gonna put the link in
the description so you guys can check it
out and yeah alright family so as you
all know in yesterday's video katherine
i attempted the one-chip challenge and
thank the man above that I am feeling
much better today on everything I love I
honestly thought that I was gonna have
to go to the hospital the camera oh my
God look at your face look look at that
redness and now that I think about it
there was quite a few people who thought
it was funny and some of those people
were my family members so I figured why
not have them try it come with me
what's going on what get that away from
my face did not wait for my soul you
know how a lot of people thought our
video was hilarious yesterday yeah so
since you guys thought it was so funny
how about you guys try it let me talk it
is 20 racks with the racks to try one
ship well at least smell it
y'all want to smell it alright so since
my girls don't want to try it I think I
got some boys who would be down so let's
go over to their house and see if
they're willing to do it alright guys
scared me
leaving the residents and so no I'm just
kidding but it is nice to spend a day to
myself without Austin without l-not
anyone and just have a moment to just
breathe and just think about everything
and just kind of like relax and so
that's what I'm gonna do today obviously
I'm gonna take you guys with me to run
my little errands but it definitely is
nice to be alone all right guys so my
first location is the hair shop
somewhere I've been wanting to go for a
long time but I never get a chance to go
because I know for sure that Austin
wouldn't want to go in there so that is
my first place that I'm gonna be going I
just want to try some wigs I just want
to see if I like certain hair styles
if I want to later on change my
hairstyle I don't think I'll be able to
film in there but I will let you know if
I can obviously I will try to film if
not I'm gonna show you what I get if I
get anything hello for this Oh y'all
know who you are
all right family so I just pulled up to
my destination and I know y'all heard
the words that came straight out of
Catherine's mouth she said I can go out
and do anything if you don't remember
her saying that let's roll the clip he's
gonna leave and he's gonna do whatever
he wants to do today so the first thing
that comes to a man's head when a woman
says that is a strip club no no I'm just
playin I'm done front so this is what's
really about to go down I just put up on
my boy spot so I come to realize that no
one is willing to do this damn challenge
so I figured why not go to the bank pull
off some money as you can see I put out
$1,000 in one so it looks like it's more
money so hopefully I can bribe my boys
with a little bit of cash to do this
challenge so let's go see if they about
it all right Stan that's what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna hide the money first and
see if they're willing to do the
challenge without the money and then if
they chicken out then I'm gonna pull off
the cash I know they're gonna be shaking
like some strippers so shall we proceed
before I go in can anybody guess whose
house I just pulled up to do you think
you know comment below all right are you
already so excited oh I'm come to find
out it was laughing at me - all right
guys I am back are you ready you're
literally going to die
so I know I probably look extremely
crazy right now
but I was in the wig store and I was
trying to find a way for like an hour
and this is the one that I decided on
it's so random so purple super super
long but I think it's really cool and
yeah I'm gonna be surprising Austin with
it today you guys don't know how long
I've been wanting to try wigs on for
some reason I just have a fascination
with just having a different look for a
day so I mean I think this is super cool
I'm gonna wear it all day I think I'm
gonna rock it today I definitely have to
trim the bangs the lady was a great
option bangs here so comment below if
you guys like it if you don't like it
don't worry you're not gonna hurt my
feelings so the next stop for today is
going to be the mall alright guys so I
just left the mall I had to take my wig
off because I was getting so hot and I
couldn't try anything on so I took it
off so now I'm on my way to go meet up
with Austin I'm gonna go home put my wig
back on and surprise him so hopefully he
likes that alright so I just got home
and I'm going to put my wig on and show
you guys what it got really quickly and
then wait person they just gonna see
death
hey guys trying to get all sexy for the
cameras
my damn arm her oh goodness
so the ace family knows a lot of people
were laughing at me the other day me and
Katherine couldn't do the challenge my
other family members couldn't do the
challenge
no one good no one could so I figured
that my boys over here would be up for
the challenge
so what'd you guys think no I don't want
to do this go yeah see you man okay well
that's a good you don't say that
so um so uh are you sure you don't want
to hold up whoa you sure you know you
sure the ones
yeah these all one will take up $4,000
and one - yes let's go okay I'm really
go there I'll do it but I have to count
it to make sure it's all the right fine
yeah we're back in a couple minutes
there's two chips in here I just come in
to coffee and I know bro all right
that's the side yeah all right guys so
we've been here for how long for about
like two hours now and Keon and JC
they're still contemplating about it
they read the directions about 20 times
the money is here for them whenever
they're ready whenever you want to go up
his hoverboard and whenever he's done
looking at himself this picture right
here is iconic it's adorable bro that
just smells like as you guys can see you
grab the smaller one yeah I really need
an overdue hand broom
go outside no no milk when I eat my chip
I saw Oh God the hottest chip in the
world a season goes five come on let's
go
I didn't know I was gonna be here for
you know the whole day all right here we
go now we got the vibes now we got the
wind blowing on the tongue we got the
cold water just case you want to jump in
I like these vibe this way you guys film
all your videos right here this five is
nice I see no wonder this five is not
good
oh my gosh and they thought I was
 it was a milk broke where's the
milk don't want the milk you want some
milk
is leaking it's really crying Bogey's
got your heart literally hurts to
breathe atop it can't do anything about
breathing alright now I'm starting to
feel bad let me get him some milk oh
 that was messed up ace family that
was wrong here you go bro
he deserve it where'd he go he was in a
bathroom long goes back
so the nope doesn't work make it rain
I told them I was going to the strip
club does Catherine so I can go out and
do whatever I want today so this is the
strip club let's make it look alright
guys so this is what my wig looks like
super long super dark he's in a freak
out when he sees me so I want to show
you guys what I got really quickly
before he gets here oh by the way I put
my jeans on that I bought from the store
if anyone does that comment below so I
got these jeans they're from this brand
called frame never heard of them before
but I did really like them there are
skinny jeans just simple white jeans I
got these ones that are like my absolute
favorite I'm obsessed they're like a off
block type of denim high-waisted and
then I got these ones by the way guys
you guys know that I totally need jeans
because I'm always wearing leggings and
I'm more always wearing sweatpants
because that's what's most comfortable
to me so here are the other jeans and
then obviously the jeans that I'm
wearing right now super simple and then
I also got
myself so I've been searching for the
perfect black purse because you guys
known black goes with everything so I
was looking for a black purse today
because I don't have one
but I found this and this is a fanny
pack this is something I never thought I
would buy myself but I freaking love it
it's so cute and what cool is I can
actually kind of wear it on my shoulder
so I got this let me know if you guys
like it it's simple really cute and then
I can also fit a lot of stuff in here so
yeah I got that and of course I had to
get Austin a little gift so I'm not
gonna show you guys what that is right
now because I'm gonna show it to you
guys when I show him on camera so um
yeah so now I'm just waiting for him to
get back home and show him my wig all
right then I'm still in shock my boys
really got it a shout out to my boys for
always showing love today's family now
let's get home because I got to see my
babe it's been way too long I don't know
what she's doing she better be a home
when I get home
that's no wait actually we don't need to
go home do we I mean this is kind of
nice being away from her for Lola all
right Sammy so since I'm giving out
money today I feel that it's only right
to give back to some people who are in
need so hopefully on the way home we see
some homeless people to give some money
to you come over here
Hannah stole Hennis Cobra here you go
god bless you
have a go with my guy never go on my god
wait John Flynn Sochi tell the public oh
man okay have a good one I all right
John Glenn jr. my guy for you for you be
dog good man god bless you makes you
spend that money on something good okay
we got the money for you no problem big
dog never have a great day god bless
brother god bless you
all right guys we just got back to the
house it's already dark out that's how
far can and Jaycee live but now it's
time to see my baby's home she better be
home I miss my baby let's go see where
she's at
shop
ah no you ain't shopping that's what you
did the day you're not with people shop
god I mean it's a little bit right
yeah beautiful but I don't know about
this color you don't like the color I do
like the color really that's the only
thing I like about it all right but we
gotta hurry up and close out this video
because we got to get it up in time for
the ace family to tune in sorry guys if
my day was my segment was boring I'm
sure it wasn't boy it looked like it was
pretty late I didn't come home in a week
I came home to get in I want to have a
baby right now
hey family hey Bailey we tried we were
going to close up the video right here
right let's do this good lighting tree
yeah it says let me take this down
wiggle No
so thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our Polson of the case your
shout out to who move it alright so
today's post notifications shout out
goes to miracle I do whoo so shut up to
you shout to you girl thank you so much
for being a part of the Hayes family
whoever else would like pull stone
kitchen shut up all you got to do is
subscribe today's family hit that
subscribe button turn our polls
implications and comment when obviously
if you liked today's video you got to
give it a thumbs up give it up for my
boys keen and JC give it up if you like
my hair but had no thumbs oh ah thought
you would come home like something more
like belong dish I think I think dark
isn't you I was going to do red like
this color red
red hair like Ariel Little Mermaid
mm-hmm like I said like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful beautiful always say
