let's go we got a workout this morning
let's go let's go move them legs let's
go run good good let's go come on come
on good let's go spring down the hall
let's go come on workout move them legs
honey let's go we gotta burn these
calories let's go good good good good
let's go back this way let's go honey
let's go burn that baby fat off let's go
honey let's go
there we go honey move them legs move
them legs good move them legs good good
move them legs good job let's go here we
go come on you getting tired yet you are
okay it's okay I don't care if you're
tired keep moving them leg let's go come
on don't take a break why are you taking
a break okay good good good there we go
so I'm talking about work hard work hard
let's go uh so one way to work is to
work hard let's do it let's go honey
that's what I'm talking about
oh yeah daddy's tired baby you're more
in shape than dad dad are you tired yet
you want to go again oh come on let's go
work them legs let's go you take the
lead let's go run you take the lead oh
whoa whoa get up this morning we work we
work honey let's go let's go this way
this way
come on run faster faster that's what
I'm talking about baby come on we're
going to the baby Olympics the baby
Olympics let's go honey let's go good
good good honey your daddy's time
whoo good daddy's out of shape whoo
daddy got start working out again it's
been over a year now what you want to go
again god I can't do it again you can go
by yourself though go ahead just run for
fun no okay
ace family it's always good to wake up
early and just get after it get them
legs moving whether it's walking whether
it's running whether it's moving fast
running Aaron just get up it get
that's what life is about you've got a
going gate huh look at my bed bed I'm
done I can't stop you ready to get it
eventually working out yeah
wait we should we should we get mama -
wrong with us okay okay mama
go get her total wrong with this she to
work them legs - come on come on girls
let's go let's go come on work big legs
look the leg let's go guys Elle is
finally tired from running been legs
tired now uh tired
okay alright girl so should we tell a
family what our problem is you okay baby
I wasn't talking to you baby I was
talking to my other baby
okay so it's been like six seven days
since my surgery obviously I was gonna
get pain and I have pain but the pain
actually got worse yesterday which is
really weird because it's unexpected to
get worse than we expected to get better
and right now it it looks and it seems
as though I have an infection on the
side of my mouth it's like this like
it's really gross
I want to show them a picture we'll pull
it up on Google no okay sorry so so
pretty much we have to go in to see the
doctor today it was an unexpected trip
that we have to take the thing is that
we do have to go anyways for our checkup
this came up and I do feel like I have
an infection we're gonna go in a little
earlier than we were supposed to so and
I've been I've been literally doing
every single thing I'm supposed to have
been sleeping elevated for the past six
days I haven't even laid my head down on
a pillow yet I've been doing the salt
water trick I've been using like warm
like warm towels tea bags all that
teabags salt water she's done at all so
no one in the comments be like well did
you do this
Oh have you done this and I've been
brushing my teeth every time after I eat
so I don't know if that's what happened
I was trying to like just like lerczak
reaction type thing or maybe like the
toothpaste got in there I don't I don't
really don't know what it is but the
pain is so bad and I don't have any more
painkillers I like took my I know I said
in the last video that wasn't gonna take
anymore but I couldn't sleep last night
the pain was excruciating
so so hopefully it's nothing too crazy
hopefully go and he tells us what to do
and we get it resolved
it's that well we definitely go in to
see the doc and we're taking you guys
with us because you're part of the
family as well so everyone get up and
not sure what you guys are doing right
now I'm not sure if you sit on the couch
laying in the bed get up get ready and
we're gonna pick all you guys up and
we're gonna go to the dock so let's get
all right guys we're about to walk in
the doctor's office hopefully she
doesn't have an infection or anything
like that hopefully it's just a part of
the healing process and everything is
good all I gotta say is wish my baby the
best of luck
oh my god we said we're the lucky charms
hi how you doing thank you are you a
follower yeah I'm checking all of the
videos all charity you subscribe you
subscribe it's like taking every moment
was so cute let me tell you something
you're an amazing person and I realized
that this is enmity is a real thing and
that is the reason that you're so
successful
you're a very positive person you really
have a great heart and very positive the
day that at home
I was so worried about you oh my god she
okay is she not what's happening to her
and like yes I have pain and yes I have
swelling but I did difficult surgery and
that's what's supposed to happen
yeah I'm okay don't worry about me
unlike this very tensed beat heart
lovely person and that's why you're so
successful you're a real nice we do have
a little bit of a problem
you can tell me but I have like I think
I'd like a little know it's a little
infection or something
let's shake it yeah it's been hurting
but ice family now the moment of truth
yeah I don't notice things when I brush
my teeth too much all that yeah my
mom mom again checked on
yeah Mama's getting checked on and your
case was one of the most see people Wow
I didn't want to tell you before we that
all of God and this has to be kept
basted and there's mine or the nerve it
was even your jaw at that point because
of the depth of the impaction I was
worried you'd be good to go operator Dan
you know as crazy as I have to you I
used to have TMJ
yeah yeah that's a part of it
yeah sure it was more they used to be
really bad do what they couldn't even
eat cuz I couldn't open yeah I know
good
this white part
that featured Paddy's when you're a
whole year but the god can't it be poser
tisha little bit and it's not me don't
really and that makes that issue to just
roughly during his stay there as long as
his clothes on yet yeah it will go over
no problem and then you're great here so
come to find out it's not an infection
like I thought it's a skin tag you side
and it's basically just like it healing
around the wound because the incision
was done so far back are so much towards
the front so that's what that was and
apparently it's not open or anything so
all we have to do is just wait till it
heals Oh baby thank the man above
healers I'm doing amazing alright guys
so it wasn't as bad as we thought it was
just a part of the healing process thank
the man above thank you thank you guys
should see it it's like a wounds like on
the side of my mouth and it is scary you
guys don't want to see it I was trying
to google it and pop a picture up for
you guys but it's just just too nasty
but thank you again for all of your love
and support we truly appreciate it now
we're gonna head back to the house and
see you guys in a few alright guys so
after the doctor's office we stopped by
a few stores and now we're on our way
home and there's traffic guys if you're
from LA you know about this traffic if
you're not from LA and you come to LA
just know you're gonna be sitting in
traffic wherever you go
oh and my boy Tanner's at the house
right now waiting for us another one at
ELLs uncles and I'm literally watching
him right now to the cameras at the
house and he's eating my damn candy so
we gonna have a talk when we get back to
the house
all right guys we just pulled up at the
house and I'm not to scare Tanner I'm on
to telling we kind of ready that's you
ready I need my damn candy boy what you
got bro my car ride I got to see what
you got huh guys Tanner sodium toll I
got to hold the camera like this is
just to get him would you get bro got
more I know you'll ask trying to give
something right out together
hey we got more ace family we got more
bikes let's go now we all get to ride
out damn not the whole fam caride we got
Ryan we got Trey we got Tanner we got my
baby we in this thing
we got the gang right here we we got
cherry blossom
we got blueberry yum-yum we got Black
Panther we got red dragon and we got
sticky apple pie all right I think we
ready to ride all right bro do you gotta
ride them shits for real bro hello let
me open it let me open the gate for you
first just in case
Lobo don't go yet don't move hold up you
ready
please be careful man please bro
you got a Kickstarter you bro we're all
all right so it make sure it's on first
gear it's on first gear
all right so now kick this down no no no
no that's the brake that's the brake
this right there yep yep get it going
it's good get it going you got to get it
going you got to come on first you there
you go a little gas there you go
good now you put first break oh all
right so let's go they gate the gate the
gate
okay gate the gate the gate did you hurt
her okay bro I gotta give you a tutorial
on how to ride these things because it's
kind of dangerous whoa a family my heart
just sank that was scary as hell
whoa we're just gonna wait till tonight
bro just leave it there just just leave
it there all right ace family before we
close out today's video I've got to show
you guys a few pieces of what we got at
the store only a few though because
you're gonna be seeing us wearing this a
lot Daniel Patrick is now part my
wardrobe all right bye that you put your
baby to sleep okay put it
she's it buddy put your baby to sleep
okay go night-night Shh where's the
blanket you gotta get her blanket get it
go get our blanket okay get our blanket
Wow that's a good mommy
good job
you don't want her to be cold good job
baby
that the blink is on her face so can she
breathe Oh be careful her face though
her fate you baby you're gonna suffocate
her um your face you're gonna make sure
she can breathe honey there we go
so like I said only a few okay that's
your baby can you take you and your baby
somewhere else okay bye no I'm saying
bye to you okay so for the first item
you have here pants I love this colorway
they're called parachute pants yes they
are I guess I can show you guys one more
item one more unit show of all the items
you know you don't want to wear before
they see you they want to see everything
these right here are hey these might be
my favorite item I got today it's color
right here just screams fashion like I
love it I love this color
well that is it folks I think you should
show a little bit more yeah so a jacket
or two and they wait until all weird
because the thing is is that when you do
wear it then you might not say where you
got it from so they're gonna be asking
where you got it okay well because you
forget you always forget to say where it
will me to but we forget to say where we
got so from yeah okay so instead of
showing you guys more items that I've
got I'm gonna just tell you where I got
them so the brand is obviously Daniel
Patrick they got a store on Melrose you
guys should definitely check it out if
you're in the LA area if you are not in
the LA area they still got you because
they have a store in New York if you are
9 LA or New York I'll put the website
link in our description so you all can
check it out and I guess I can show you
guys one more item
Oh should we show them sales yeah they
have baby sup guys look good like it
elmo's it hurts with this one this is
like a what off-white or like a pink
yeah take a pink black is a cute the
material is nice of fabrics nice don't
think it's kind of hard to town here if
you all haven't noticed I've been trying
to revamp my wardrobe I've always been
into fashion but now since we're on
camera just about everyday I gotta step
it up Roby and for any brands were part
of the ace family if you got some heat
just hit a brother we're gonna go ahead
and close out today's video right here
yo look at this view right here well
it's beautiful
this guy looks amazing looks like cotton
candy weights going side it doesn't it
looks even better outside though damn
you thirsty so thank you all for tuning
in as always before we close out today's
video we do have to give our post notice
your shout out to whomever
so today suppose that a vacation
shoutout goes to John Lennox so
shout-out to you John shoutout to you
bro thank you so much for being a part
of the ACE family whoever else like a
post notifications shoutout all you got
to do is subscribe today's family turn
on our post notifications and comment
when done and obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say we'll be back with
more videos
