some things don't exist in real life
these days now hey hey
I hope everyone did that with me this
morning so before we continue with
today's video if you guys haven't
noticed I am wearing one of our newest
designs as well as some Ace family socks
but they are not released just yet if
you want to stay updated all you got to
do is go to shop ace Family comm link is
always in the description ace family I'm
sorry when you upload a video yesterday
but however I did feel some dough
footage for y'all let's rewind so I'm up
bright early this morning feeling good
hopefully looking good so I got a bright
and early this morning because dream got
invited to a family gathering she's over
there doing her hair at the moment so a
little update on Katherine she's in even
more pain today the doctor did say today
was gonna be the worst day so all she
has to do is get through today and
hopefully goes uphill from there I was
gonna take her with me this morning but
like I said she's in a lot of pain and
she just wants to be in bed to relax all
day so I'm gonna take my brother-in-law
with me Ryan I don't know where he is
he's supposed to be right here so I
could show them okay so we're gonna go
and let dream spend some time with some
of her family members so are y'all ready
to go are y'all ready if y'all ready to
get this video thumbs up right now right
now let's go shall we we don't want to
be late
goddamn dream you done doing your hair
yet I told you you beautiful just the
way you are let's go
by the way guys I didn't
I'm coming
I'll make you levitate girl I put a
spell on you
how are you seeing me you wanna know a
speckle true or not you believe
by the way a family I was probably the
funnest video that Catherine I've ever
shot all I gotta say is we're gonna be
shooting more like that very so since
they told me to get the camera guys and
everything
new this morning
are you these are so many I see you you
see me moments that me right now I see
you you see me I see you see me sup
the night public Wi-Fi for that is a
carbon copy
Ward's composites
but it's easier
better than
get the back to the back
what's going on bro
alright guys I got a spam member here I
want to say something to you all what
this perform on that is not rented I'm
no bull crap like I was I got so excited
I damn boy over here cuz oh the first
sign I thought it was a joke he's family
subscribe I'm pretty safe up so if
there's a rumor going around saying the
8th family's Lambo is rented it's not
guys we may not drive dream all the time
because we're so busy filming but just
know we own her honestly sucks to have
to come to a place like this to feel
accept it for a dream and I to feel
accepted and I'm already knowing that in
life people are gonna judge regardless
of what you do or what you have it's
just the world we live in and I accept
it because I don't care what people
think and I'm always gonna be like that
at the end of the day guys this is just
materialistic shit all this all this is
materialistic Shaye but when you work
hard it's always nice to reward yourself
just know that alright guys we just
pulled up at dreams family gathering and
we're about to meet his brothers and his
sisters for the first time oh is this a
charcoal gray ooh I like this one whoa
the black one this one's nice too
this one's nice photographer you're nice
to a green one god damn the red whew
a black one with a little bit of gold
I like that like that purple is crazy
they got the lime oh the lime is special
guys I just got word that there's over a
billion dollars in cars here
damn dream is getting so much love today
she's so spoiled damn I should've
brought hell's car here this car is
crazy
alright guys I got to get up out of here
I gotta hurry up and attend to my bed I
told her I was only gonna be here for a
few you know I had to come and support
Trina's family member ever since we
adopted him tremens never met his family
so today they finally got to meet now I
gotta hurt me get back in the tender my
baby let's go oh it was a lot going on
hopefully you enjoy dream stay out with
her family I don't know if you guys can
hear it or not we got a damn airplane in
the background don't worry about that so
what we're about to do now is head to
Target get some bins for the Christmas
tree because today the Christmas tree
has to come down so we have guys here
now taking apart the Christmas tree but
they do need bins for all the ornaments
and the tree so we gotta head to Target
and get them bins alright guys now let's
hit the target all right all right so a
family how many bins you think we need
for the Christmas tree I think we need
all of them you know what it's gonna
just take them all all right cameraman
cameraman ok you can you help you do
something other the film uh help me
please I told you what that hurry come
guys this is a sad moment the Christmas
tree is being taken down always trying
to keep it up for all of 2018
until the next Christmas but Catherine
said no so we're getting it taken down
and the ornaments no the garden no this
Santa Claus is no the tree but I know I
has to be done it's time for a new
beginning and a fresh start
where's my daughter okay so what should
we wear for today what you know what you
want to wear what this over here okay
you picking something out oh you went
over those you do okay we can for those
you need a top though you just can't
wear these you need to pick a top no
those are your shorts you find your tops
these are your socks yeah those are your
socks you got some socks
those those don't match so you got to
get matching once let's find some
matching ones honey we need some
matching ones baby
we need matching here we go here's
another one here's that the blue one
there you go
good job baby what are you doing jeez
what's be getting ready don't you the
hot hate ears put your shirt on come on
put this shirt on for deader got a big
ass here like your mama
what about these
here didn't want to wear these you want
wear these right
you said you want to wear these what you
mean no that's where these what no
you're gonna wear these it's hot outside
let me see oh yeah that's cute that's
cute
let me see that oh yeah now we need some
maybe some shoes
no shoes okay you'll place your Legos
what you owe me sit down but we need to
do your hair honey l can't data do your
hair why I know you're beautiful anyways
but don't you want to do your hair okay
fine
you want to go see how Mama's doing you
want to go take care of her like you did
yesterday you want to go okay let's go
take care of mama let's go come on go
okay come on let's go guys it's the
cutest thing ever watch how L takes care
for Mama
this is makes you want to cry you must
take care of mama come on take care of
Mommy
be gentle gang
be gentle okay it's okay
you rub her head for her
you rub her head for her yeah we're here
my mommy's head right here a bit don't
give her massage did you give her besito
give her a besito on the cheek soft say
mommy get better okay oh I'll give her a
hug before we leave
say bye okay come on she's okay
she'll be better soon okay we don't let
mommy rest okay go play we should pick
some flowers for Mama
you want to okay I think that I'll make
her feel better let's go pick some
flowers out we're not gonna go nowhere
we're just gonna get flowers okay okay
here's some right here look at these
ones yeah you gotta pull them off look
right here this kid pick these ones for
Mama
okay can you not a pull them off let's
pull them off oh okay good job yeah my
mom wants more than this though okay
I'll get this one this one look nice
I'm sure the ace family what you got
whoa you think mama would like that one
smells good too smells good yeah oh yeah
Mama's gonna like that one let's cook it
how in the mama it'll have something for
you my moon look she picked it out
herself you wanna give it to mama
I could get it we got it outside huh
guys as you can tell Elle's mood
completely changes when she's around her
mama she knows she's not feeling well
okay let's go okay let's go get some
food
oh you can close out the video a dead
guy okay come on you're gonna leave the
flowers for Mama you leave it for her
give it to her
oh yeah just give it to her
all right family so instead of closing
out the video she wanted to ride her
bike so that's what we're doing right
now
ever put your feet on the pedals can you
reach wow you're a big girl now huh
but I'll take handlebars two hands there
you go good job all right you don't need
that no more you go by yourself
bye all right family we'll go ahead and
close out today's video right here I got
to teach you how to ride a bike I gotta
take advantage of Katherine knife in the
world so Elle and I can have some daddy
and daughter time so thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
post notifications shout out to baby
who's our poster of occasion shadow
person go-to who does it go to today she
said Alex cater shout out to you bro
thank you so much of having our post
indications turned on whoever else wants
a post on vacations shadow all you got
to do is subscribe to the ACE family
turn on our post notifications and once
you do those two things just comment
when done and obviously if you liked
today's video you gotta give it a thumbs
up like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful princess always
say we'll be back with more videos say
peace peace
