these days what color flowers would you
recommend for like that represents like
strength what color flowers you think
yellow yellow represent strength yes
please look it up yes all right
oh yes listen let's go ahead and google
it thinking purple
there's all kinds
this is some of your line before those
things so we googled it in the closest
color that represents strength is purple
actually what are those those are
beautiful
what are those I might need to get those
these right here what are leaving erases
those are beautiful
okay so let's get a few of these and a
few purple lows those are really nice
you said it's for their own sake Asian
come on wife got her wisdom teeth
removed yesterday oh yeah yeah yeah I
just feel so bad you know she's just a
bit in pain and there's only so much I
can do but you know doing the little
things hopefully it makes a little bit
of a difference I mean the little things
are the big things
exactly exactly nice family here what he
said doing the little things are big
things and you know what why not
teddy bears always put a smile on
someone's face my man you can't go wrong
with the teddy bear right fellas if you
haven't listened to anything I said ever
since I've been on YouTube please listen
to this the little things go a long way
it's all about the little things your
woman will appreciate it more than you
think it doesn't cost much to get her
some flowers and a teddy bear thank you
so much these are beautiful
our ace family now we're off to give my
baby some food her food options are very
limited because she can't eat that many
things so I'm just gonna try to get her
options like a buffet and let her decide
what she wants I think that's the best
way to do it all right guys the first
stop is one of her favorite spots which
is Panera Bread
next destination pollutant fellows no
more Denny's your lady deserves blue jam
now back to the house hopefully she's
awake
all right guys just pull up at the house
alright guys so if you're new to our
channel my baby just got her wisdom
teeth pulled out yesterday so she's in
bed trying to rest and if you're not a
part of a family makes you hit that
subscribe button and join the family
well now let's go make her days easier
for her I bet I know you don't want to
be on camera but I got you something go
to the cute yeah
and I just got you a buffet of food you
got options guys my heart is hurting
right now she was so appreciative for
the flowers and the food she couldn't
physically say thank you she was like
yeah cuz she saw someone she can really
talk so she just gave me a soft besito
alright guys so Katherine just got done
eating I feel so bad guys he's in more
pain today than on her surgery day which
was yesterday the doc said tomorrow
supposed to be even worse I just feel so
bad cuz only so much I can do and
there's only so much she can do and so
it's just a tough situation but she'll
be better soon and she won't really be
on camera today at all because she's
pretty swollen and tomorrow is supposed
to be the worst day of house whole and
she's gonna get so she won't really be
on camera that much you may not hear a
voice that much because she can't really
talk that much so you're just gonna get
a whole lot of me my annoying ass it's
awful you guys are ok with it and if not
just deal with Oh almost forgot to
mention these shirts or now up on the
site we also got them in hoodies as well
all you got to do is go to shop ace
family comm link is always in
description guys I think else here I
think Elle's back you kiss oh come when
were you looking for for Mama
so mommy had surgery yesterday yeah you
can't see it right now she's not okay
okay okay okay she's not feeling well
she had to get her wisdom teeth removed
she wants to see her mama so yesterday I
got mommy some gifts and while I was
getting her gifts I got you some gifts
too
want to see what I got you yeah okay let
me get him for you okay look baby look
what I got you got you a little coat you
like it and a little dress look at this
Lord dress look how cute this dress is
this dress is cute girl look at you oh
you want to put it on okay let's put it
on me
oh you want to take Mickey off okay
let's let's take Mickey off Wow baby
that is really cute on you you trying to
drive your car too damn I got you I got
you
I see you girl daddy finally charged it
for you so it works this is really cute
you try turn it on here turn off for you
is cute girl daddy do a good job
bye please damn button
oh you saying bike is you wanted to
leave huh
you ready here we go damn girl
get it girl
guys it's the only way and keep your
mind off the moment you wanna go get
some ice cream huh
you wanna get ice cream yeah okay let's
change really quick let's change back to
Mickey okay so don't get your new jacket
dirty all right guys so I don't want L
to see her mama in pain so I'm gonna
take you to grab some ice cream about to
go get some ice cream
whoo who's a little windy out here huh
it's a little windy
yeah look at your hair blowing in the
wind here we are some ice cream go ahead
go inside
here baby which one you want if you
can't reach I got you I got you can you
hold the camera for death why do this
hold it right there okay thank you good
angle good job put it towards me there
you go good job
good job baby in the ice cream can they
see it can they see thank you is that
good enough you want to try it to make
sure you like it let's get a sample
let's get some more thank you we're
going to try a sample just to make sure
you like it okay
here's a sample let's see if you like it
here let's try it here you want to hold
it there you go
see if you like it you try it
it's cold is it good though should we
share one we should share one huh yeah
we should share one okay so we're gonna
share this one okay let's get some candy
and some fruits to candy come on oh yeah
you know we gotta put some strawberries
in there
is that good baby exact it enough for us
that's good enough
is that good okay I'll hold your phone
okay baby you hold the ice cream for us
okay thank you
you're a big girl as the sound goes and
you see a clue I think about the first
time I laid eyes on you
he was so small fixing
such a danger in loving before
from
I never be the same
mine would forehead
fortune
because beautiful so I just put hell
down she's taking a nap right now and
I'm gonna be honest with you guys I feel
really bad for Katherine like it kills
me to see her like this I know it's only
gonna be a few more days like this but
if we were able to switch position so I
could take the pain I would but I know
one thing that woman's tough it just
sucks because her wisdom teeth were so
impacted like they were bent all the way
down inside of her gums so she literally
had the worst case of wisdom teeth
removal that someone can possibly have
so thank you all again for giving
Katherine so much love and support she
really does appreciate we're gonna go
ahead and in the video right here so
thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our post on vacation shout
out to today's notification shout out
goes to Tameka more shout to you girl
thank you so much for having our post
notifications turned on whoever else
like a post on occasion shout out all
you gotta do is subscribe today's family
hit that red subscribe button turn our
post notifications hit that red velvet
and once you do those two a dangerous
comment window and obviously if you
liked today's video you got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always safe we'll be back for
more videos please
