Hey
all right family so we just pulled up in
my dad's house Al's grandpa as you all
read by the title Catherine will be
getting her wisdom teeth pulled out
today so it's gonna be a tough day for
her she's gonna be a lot of pain but it
has to get done so we thought it was
best that else been signed with family
this weekend she's not all up on
Catherine and she doesn't see her mom in
pain you ready baby to go spend some
time with Grandpa come on let's go
Gracie papa as you can see I woke my
baby up super early this morning that's
why she still has a roll all right guys
now it's time to head back to the house
and see how Catherine's failing before
she has itwhen surgery I'm not even
gonna lie it's gonna be hard for me to
see Catherine like this I want to try to
film as much as I can for you guys but
only if my baby's comfortable with right
guys so instead of you guys driving with
me all the way back to the house I'm
gonna make it easier for you guys I'm
just gonna throw you to the house all
right come with me
all right you guys ready I'll meet you
back at the house oh shit alright guys
we're now back at the house now let's go
inside and see if Catherine's ready for
today
I ain't gonna lie I'm kind of nervous
small baby bear bear where are you are
you ready for today I'm sorry this has
to happen to you today but it has to get
done right it's okay I promise I'll be
right next to you by your side we're
gonna be the whole time the whole time
right next to you have you been eating
yeah I'm sorry but I'm gonna be right
next to you I might even have them take
all mine
same time as you know I'm just playing
no I really would though if they told me
that if I got my wisdom teeth pulled out
the same time as Catherine it would make
it less painful for her I would do it
forever if they told me it would be less
painful for you if I did it to I would
do it
you're right but for you I'll do
anything
turn around least a jacket oh yeah
that's real cute you ready you can do it
better
believing you the good news is that we
putting you to sleep so you won't feel a
thing
guys I've been trying to avoid this
surgery for so long when I met Austin
like the first week that we started like
actually seeing each other I actually
had an appointment to get my wisdom
teeth removed but I cancelled it just to
hang out with him and so I didn't remove
them and then for like that year I also
didn't go back and then I got pregnant
so obviously I wasn't gonna remove my
wisdom teeth when I'm pregnant cuz I
don't think you can do that after I got
pregnant after L came I still couldn't
go get my wisdom teeth removed because
that like requires downtime and stuff
and so finally a year and a half later
I'm here or no like three four years
later yeah after it's all done well
you'll feel so much better
no more pain and
I don't know if the dentist is going to
show you guys like my x-rays and stuff
I'll lick see if I can do that but my
bottom teeth there they're impacted so
they're like going this way and the
thing is is that since I have a
permanent retainer on my bottom teeth my
teeth aren't shifting they're not moving
but there's like pressure going into my
teeth and so I get like headaches all
the time like you guys don't know this
but like a lot of times I'm filming off
headaches and my top teeth like don't
really hurt they're not really an issue
but I rather take them out because they
could cause like infections in the
future and stuff so I'm just gonna get
those removed so I'm gonna do all four
so you don't mind that I film some of
the surgery right like as long as I'm
not like all up in your grill yeah it's
cool right surgery like nothing I mean
like I can't film you in the chair yeah
you can film me in the chair but I don't
think that you can be there and while
they're performing the surgeon no not
like I'm not gonna get it either like
cutting your gums obviously not that
that's too much I got to give you like
the prep talk and like be there holding
your hand yeah I can film that right I
know what I'm saying is it okay with you
yeah okay cool I think what's scaring me
the most is like I've seen videos of
people like when they get there it
wasn't teeth removed that they're like
what's it call it laughing gas or
something give it laughing gas and
they're drugged up and they're just
delusional like I think that's gonna
happen to me because they are putting me
to sleep so I I am gonna be under
anesthesia so the question is how am I
gonna how are you gonna respond after
yeah should be curious I don't think I'm
gonna say anything that crazy we'll find
out Oh God ready let's go
all right hey Stanley we just pulled up
at the doctor's office Babette
I'm so glad it's you and not me
so me I'll just play all I got to say
make sure you that subscribe button and
join the family for those who are
watching make sure you give this video a
thumbs up to wish my baby the best of
luck with her surgery baby you can kill
me but will a baby before we go in here
would you like to tell the ace family
anything keep watching that maybe you
can see how it's done yeah but - are are
really in there yeah are you able to
tell us mine or how yet or not cuz I've
been tanks rate yeah cuz like I don't
know what my parents took them out when
I was younger yeah but if they're still
in I'm gonna just keep them in forever
alright thank you alright family so
we're about to look at Catherine's x-ray
results we got manager Alan over here on
standby so what are my teeth look like
so your teeth a little more than more
difficult than the average wisdom teeth
during - which means they're inside your
home oh they're inside my bone yeah
angulation I showing the x-ray is a
little downwards so it's kind of
horizontally
bubu horizonte see action let me see my
baby has always been special though
these are your teeth you see here in
this dam even my baby's skull is
beautiful now interesting about your
teeth inside wow that's crazy oh I feel
what's like more happy than the other
yeah so you see here it's going inside
your dome so I was just telling the
doctor I'd be good I don't have canine
teeth and he said that's really rare
he's right like not and and he never
pulled them no damn baby you are after
for department with earnest sleep in the
beginning will be together and then
after that I'll ask you to okay just let
me fall alright ready baby
doctor for not I'm giving you my most
prized possession er okay you take care
of my beautiful woman right here this is
my beautiful queen treat her like a
queen in the surgery room don't go no
don't go yet give me a kiss
is
I wish I can be closer to you too far
from you but regularly follow random
people they don't get business of my
passion is very effective
isn't that great coming to the special
ace family this is making me more
nervous because I'm so far from her I
wish I can be closer to a family you do
not understand how hard this is for me
to watch her like this guy suggestions
adore me they just sedated her she'll be
done soon all I can say just wish you
the best of luck
alright guys so other doctors actually
performing the surgery I can't be in the
room so since I'm in Beverly Hills on
Rodale I'm gonna get her a couple gifts
hopefully can make her feel a little
better I mean that's at least I can do
right all right family we got the gifts
hopefully she's all done with her
surgeries go find out she's not done yet
hi guys she's all done we give her
antiemetic so not to feel nauseous
take some it is enough to get much of
swelling and marking shots so she'll be
numb for four or five hours thank you so
much my man thank you I didn't want to
film or too much cuz she is all drugged
up but she's doing good I love you good
yeah all out uh-huh let me hold this for
you let me hold this for you so you
don't lose it okay let me I have to hold
it for you so you don't lose it okay I
got you but man because all Catholic you
saying is showing my teeth
I want to see my teeth so so they're
gonna bring it out for her so she could
see her to you hey good job event here
good job guys I just received her teeth
Babette here you go you hold on to those
okay we're gonna open when we get home
veneer you want to see them right now
beautybay you don't want to wait till we
get in the car
and they're huge
yeah I currently pick at this curve you
see that is like a hood Wow yeah they
were difficult difficulty maybe these
are my groceries yeah we had to section
them in pieces so we don't have to
remove a lot of bone I'm proud of you
you killed it no no give me some pepper
give me some good job she gave me the
finger
all right Sam we just left the doctor's
office and we were now in the car and as
you can see Catherine is still looking
at her teeth
guys I think she's ready for a gift I
got you a gift ever you want to see it
you want to see it
I got you a gift
I was quick while you were in surgery I
went really quick and got you something
hold on one sec guys huh need help
huh
even one these for a while yeah like uh
huh
you like them yeah I did a good job look
cute huh nice look then a black pair
you like oh oh I love you you love me oh
I love you too baby
you don't like the way you look bad bad
you don't like it maybe we can use a
filter you want to use a filter there
you go
that's a beautiful filter baby you
beautiful even when you're swollen
you're still beautiful you know yes you
are
don't ever say you're not beautiful well
guys I don't know if you saw but when
Katherine was done with her surgery
I took her ring acting like I didn't
want her to lose it but I really took it
to give her just a little crank I love
my baby too much not to prank her during
this time I know Karma's gonna bite me
in the ass for this but I just gotta do
it I love my baby way too much so right
now I'm gonna act like she lost her
wedding ring this is fucked up
baby where's your wedding ring
huh who has it you did you lose it
during the surgery process where is it
baby that baby lost it I know here you
go
she was loved you got it my baby knows
what that ring is at all times home baby
oh you even remember what finger it goes
on she knew I had the whole time alright
it's time to go home alright guys so we
made it back to the house Catherine is
doing just fine you should see her right
now and I'm sorry guys if I didn't show
you as much as you would have liked but
there were just certain things I wasn't
gonna show I wasn't gonna do that to my
baby there's just certain things you
don't put on camera so I apologize if we
didn't give you the full experience of
someone pulling out their wisdom teeth
and I know she wouldn't want millions of
people to see her like that all I gotta
say is my baby is a warrior she is a
strong tough beast a family give this
video a thumbs up right now because my
baby is strong and right now I don't
care what you doing right now go to her
Instagram and spam her page commenting
you're a beast everyone gonna comment on
her Instagram spam her joint
she is a beast I don't care I don't know
what you saying you don't like Beast she
said she doesn't like the word Beast
what word do you like Savage you like
Savage okay she likes the word Savage
more so everyone don't comment beast
don't comment you're a beast comment
you're a savage go spammer IG commenting
you're a savage right baby oh she said
what do you say you want them to also
put a heart to okay a red one or a blue
one red
okay so she also wants a red heart as
well at the end of it so comment you're
a savage with a heart okay for all you
guys love and support that's what my
baby needs if you don't know my baby's
Instagram we'll put it right here okay
it's right here right there go show her
love and comment you're a savage red
heart it should be completely ruin off I
am so proud of her like I don't know if
I have to get mine pulling out because I
don't remember if I did him at a young
age but if I do still have them in I'm
gonna just be old with them because I
don't like needles the doctors the
dentist I don't like none of that so I'm
very proud of my baby because I wouldn't
have died but if something she needed
she's been in pain for a while because
of her wisdom teeth
so now after she heals she'll be back to
normal and she'll be a new person and
she's back to looking at her teeth again
wobbly broken cuz he had to break it up
to get it all out yeah uh-huh
you're impacted so much I get to break
it down to get it all out crazy huh
you want to bury them you do it's a good
luck if you bury your wisdom teeth who
told you that Ryan did oh I'm gonna have
to look that up because I never heard
that before you want to say bye today's
family what do you say oh you sound like
Al as you can see she doing much better
she freaking water she's buddy some food
and just relax huh
your lip is frozen is no it's gonna be
numb for some time
sorry guys within the video right here a
tender my queen thank you all for tuning
in as always before we close out today's
video we do have to give her a post on
vacation shout out to whomever I got
this one today shadow goes to my bed bed
for being so strong today whoever else
like a pole sonication shout out all you
got to do is subscribe to the ace family
turn our post notifications and comment
when obviously if you liked today's
video you've got to give it a thumbs up
give it a thumbs up in my Bevin how
strong she was so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
Queen over here who just got a wisdom
teeth pulled out and my beautiful
princess who's not here at the moment
who's with her grandfather what do we
always say we'll be back with more
videos peace
