video you ready ready ready ready 1 2 3
hey welcome back to our channel guys
what's going on everybody
what do you say good alright a family
this entire morning al has been
harassing us telling us that she wants
to see and play with babies she keep
saying baby baby yes hey baby
say say baby baby yeah anybody around
her age or younger she calls them babies
so we were thinking a park is a good
place to take her so she can interact
with other babies and as you all know we
have a mini park in our backyard there's
no kids there so it's all fun it's fun
it just can get lonely at times so we're
gonna head to the park hopefully there's
some other babies there if not then
we'll still have a good time with just
us as families it's okay you ready to go
oh oh guys this is important news this
is big news exciting news
before we head to the park I just want
you guys to know that there is somebody
in our family that is starting their
YouTube channel today they're dropping
their first video today you all should
know what that person is and if you
don't know who that person is that
person is Ryan his YouTube channel is
through Ryan's eyes to make it easier
for you guys I'll put his link in the
description so you guys can check it out
as a matter of fact I have a quick
little clip from his video so you guys
get a taste what he has to offer roll
the clip welcome to my first
so before I can see you talk to you guys
in order to watch the rest of the video
go to his channel and subscribe now
let's get on with our day boiler wait
before we go to the park I want to tell
you guys something
we love you if you love us back comment
below how much you love us now let's
head to the park
we're now here at the park but there's
nobody here but it's okay because we're
here as a family and we're gonna have
fun as a family hold on hold on hold on
what you want me to go on that one
hold on you holding on huh is a baby
where where's a baby over there is there
now baby here oh there's a baby over
there are a family so L just spotted a
little baby blond hair blue eyes he's
about yay high his outfits from H&M I
think he's wearing a size six but for
the respect for the baby and his parents
we will not be putting him on camera so
just know L played with the baby today
can you get down guys as kids growing up
who remembers what this does no you want
to show what it does good baby good it
spins you got actually said I thought
you got to sit on it
good mommy spin mommy ready good good
spin mommy good good
but daddy help
all right all right now stand up now
stand up click click else turn else turn
she ran away she just want to slide come
on let's go let's go let's go let's go
dang girl you a big girl you better walk
up the slide here come on come on come
on come on hurry hurry hurry hurry good
good you can't get up there girl
what the hell or maybe you can
jeez you like a monkey come on come on
dad come to Daddy this way come on come
on come on this exercise
come on this run this run come on all
right does anybody know what this thing
right here is called come below if you
know what this is called show him Aloha
I love you yeah anybody know what this
is called looks like a boat this is
called a teeter-totter you don't know
what it is google it what is he fiction
doing better than what Shandling back
now one time she thirsty uh-huh I got a
thirsty daughter hey boy stay away from
the boy
see over there nursey funny boys like
you was thirsty for me oh oh I want my
baby to go up this right here baby this
big-ass lads gonna test your character
baby show the ACMA your savage you want
to go to this light we're gonna slide
look look at this line Wow
you want to do it you trying to go of it
you can do it baby
showed a family here Jesus am I kidding
anyway to accomplish her dreams and her
goals right now she's trying to go above
big-ass slide it's the only mini size
you can do it better okay maybe you can
excuse me what are you doing are you
saying bye to us excuse me what do you
think you're going
are you leaving you're dragging mommy's
purse on the ground no we're not doing
that what what where do you think you're
going
bye bye bye to you too all right Jimmy
mommy need break from you anyways by me
mommy going on our own date can you
believe she's dragging all hail no I got
that for mommy as a gift you better give
me that right now
all right guys it's a little hot out
here my baby Stoltz a little dry so
we're gonna give her some found water
God may water water don't hurt
alright guys so l couldn't quite quit
your thirst with the park water so we
are now here at Jamba Juice
I'm gonna try something new today guys
can I get a pina colada
can I also get a razzmatazz for my queen
and and for the rabbit's ass can you put
a little bit in a baby cup for my
princess thank you you guys know I
usually go with the white gummy every
time I come to Jamba Juice but today I'm
gonna try something different I'm gonna
try to pina colada
if it's good I'm gonna let you guys know
so you could try it you are thank you
okay so here we have the pina colada
here we have my princesses that's a baby
say thank you uh-huh and then here we
have my Queens
thank you so before we get into the
juiciness we hardly ever go on Instagram
live but yesterday we did and we had a
blast if you were to add into our live
stream we were turning oh we literally
had a dance battle and we would like to
go on more live streams with you guys so
if you do not so if you do not follow us
on IG makes you follow us so mine is
right here and mine is right here mm-hm
just follow daddy and don't forget to
follow a beautiful princess hers is
right right here yeah just follow her
too so make sure you follow us so you
don't miss a live stream so before we
get into the juiciness if you are not
subscribed to the ACE family make sure
you subscribe and join the family right
right so now the juicy juicy so if you
are new to our channel and you are not
part of the East family Austin and I
recently got engaged about five months
ago on my birthday yes we did so if you
haven't seen our proposal video we got
you roll the clip roll the baby really
rolled at bay
please don't exist in real life these
days in France
Oh monster I can see
this one money okay I love you guys
to see you
cry-baby
just know that ever since I met you I've
been wanting to do this the day I met
you you're gonna make me cross it's
crazy because I thought of all the
things that say in the world and I'd
probably be on one knee for the rest of
my life if I can express the love I have
for you I just want you to know that I
love you more than life itself and I'm
gonna continue to love you more than
life itself and I promise you that I
will be
the best husband and the best father
that I will try to ever be I love you
baby I love you
Catherine Johnson pious will you marry
me I am Valerio I was scared to shake a
Loki started on myself on the plane so
if you watch the proposal video you know
that that process was a very long and
creative process so you can only imagine
what the wedding process will be like
and if you know me I'm all about doing
things over the top so the wedding got
to be over the top so the number one
question is when are we getting married
and the answer to that question is it's
going to be a long process the reason
why is because we decided that we wanted
the wedding the ceremony to be a certain
way we want everything to come together
exactly how we imagined we want all our
family to be there so there's a lot of
things a lot of factors that we want to
make sure we have so come to find out
the location that we picked him where we
want to have our ceremony it's gonna
take six to eight months to even plan
and it also has to do with the time of
the month that we're gonna have our
wedding and then obviously how busy we
are so it might take even longer than
that which really sucks because I wish
we could do it like today even though
Austin and I already feel like we're
married as you guys know it's it's
basically like we're married right now
but the thing is is that we really want
to have that dream wedding it's one day
out of your entire life and never
happens again
so yeah you live once and so we want to
make sure that we have our wedding
exactly how we want it you don't want to
have any regrets we want to make sure
that it's exactly planned the way we
wanted the location to look like the way
that we wanted we want to make sure that
we have all the people that we love and
care about in our wedding and so we
don't want to rush things we don't want
to just do it in a couple of months we
want to do it right we want to take our
time plan everything
we're not that picky honestly we could
just pick whatever for everything but we
also want to film it and we also want to
take you guys along with
yes we do want to invite a couple of our
ace family members to our wedding as
well and if none of that was the case we
would get married right now
so yeah before you so I got really threw
me off the chair by the way for those
who always say that we act like we have
a perfect relationship I just want to
say no we don't act like that we
literally act the way that we are we are
who we are we can't pretend to be
someone else it is what it is we don't
have a perfect relationship
obviously being on camera and being off
camera you act a certain way because
you're living in the moment as opposed
to getting a camera putting it up and
saying something but I will say that we
are perfectly imperfect like I can't
imagine not having the relationship that
I have we're so happy like we're happy
people like we bring out positive energy
obviously we have our fights and stuff
like every single relationship in the
world that there is no perfect perfect
doesn't exist
so where you going with this I just make
a cry I just wanted to say that because
I get so annoyed when people are like oh
you guys hot act like you have the
perfect relationship that's you're like
that's what you think that's in your
mind that's what you've decided I've
never said that I had a perfect
relationship we've never said that we
don't we get into arguments we get into
little fights here and there there's
times where I hate this one yeah there's
times right but at the same time as far
as like our like vlogging like career
like as far as like what we put on
camera is who we are it's as genuine as
it can be and I just wanted to say that
because I get so annoyed when I see
people saying that like we get into
arguments are we gonna put that on
camera no why would we do that
what is the point of having of 10 to 15
long minute video and putting a fight on
there to show that we're not perfect
like we're not perfect I just wanted to
say that cuz I just like I don't get it
I don't understand nobody's perfect
nobody's perfect nobody's we're not
perfect No
and that's a good thing - it's good to
not be perfect it's good to have like
moments where things aren't so great
because that's what stimulates the brain
that's what gets the relationship
stronger that's what you know whatever
no sorry guys we're getting off topic so
back to what we were talking about so
our wedding is definitely going to
happen in the year of 2018 it may roll
over to 2019 only only if I get pregnant
and the reason why is because I don't
want to get married while I'm pregnant
right sure ten out of ten she will be
getting pregnant soon do you know how so
2019 early 2019 the wedding will be
happen but just so you guys know now
we're like already married
like we're technically sound sane again
no so yeah so as far as like the
ceremony like the wedding the actual
official wedding the people that are
gonna be there the suit that he's gonna
wear the dress that I'm gonna wear the
venue the flowers the cake all of that
we already have that in mind it's just a
matter of putting it into fruition
making it happen setting a date and yeah
and obviously taking you guys with us we
want to be able to capture as much as we
can before and during the wedding we
don't want to give you guys too much
though guys this wedding is gonna be
crazy so yeah so there's an answer to
your guys's question when are we gonna
do our wedding okay guys I'm just
thinking about it right now this wedding
is gonna have you guys speechless what's
gonna happen YZ Beach I can't wait to
take pictures well I gotta say is it's
gonna take some time but it's gonna be
worth the wait sorry to disappoint you
you're watching this video and you
didn't get what you wanted you didn't
get an official date but we don't have
one we don't have an official date we do
have a time frame and I promise that
when we figure it out when we figure out
that official date you could basically
tattoo it on your body at that point we
will definitely tell you
you better get my makeup on you first I
already got your name on Me Not You dawn
I got eighth that's you baby but
yes like she said once we know our exact
wedding date you guys will know the same
day and if you have any suggestions on
anything we should do anything we should
have if you're like a wedding planner
and you want to do something for us or
you want to be part of it or whatever
the case is let us know and we're open
to whatever we do obviously like we said
we do have something in mind but things
can always change no not really now next
this is okay no but like as far as like
like I can always change I have
something in mind so if you guys have
any suggestions you guys already know
what to do just comment them below and
we're always open to whatever it is
so my baby's last name you heard it you
heard what she said
big bro say it saving you you know what
else I want to do this is crazy but I've
always wanted to do this I want to have
make like a rehearsal like dance
oh we gotta do that like an actual
advance of like all our family members
like a rehearsed dance that we like for
like a month or two beforehand so we
gotta hurry up and close this video out
so we can get it up for you guys thank
you all for tuning in as always before
we close out our video we do have to
give our Polson or the case your shout
out to who Bevan
so today's post vacation shout out goes
to Lamia dare and I believe that's how
you pronounce si remiss and her on so
shout to you girl thank you so much for
having our pulse on cases turned on
whoever else like a post notifications
shut out all you got to do is subscribe
two days family turn on our post
notifications and comment when obviously
if you liked today's video you gotta
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
if you excited for the wedding so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful Queen always say we'll
be back with more videos peace
what's your last name mcbroom Hey
