hey what's going on everybody so if you
guys can't tell we literally got back at
midnight last night we had the longest
most unnecessary flight of all time and
the reason why was because we were
planning on actually going in New York
this past yesterday was that Sunday yep
I'm going to New York yesterday but we
heard there was a blizzard and the
weather conditions were not good so we
decided to postponed that trip and just
come back to LA so we got last-minute
flight to LA and we literally flew from
Orlando all the way to Portland which
was like five hours five and a half
sickness and it seemed like it was like
the longest flight ever
we had a three hour layover three-hour
layover and then another two hours year
which was like an hour and a half two
hours to get back here on top of having
a one-year-old creature having a
creature sitting on my lap the entire
time she wasn't really on her lap she
was on her boob she was nursing the
entire trip because that's the only way
that she wouldn't cry because you know
when babies are on flights their ears
hurt and stuff and so that was pretty
much like the only way to get her to
like calm down and just stay relaxed and
sleep but we are back where we belong
here in LA and you know you had a good
time at Disneyworld when you bring back
a Mickey Mouse hat you guys like it
mm-hmm
and baby Shawn what you got so I just
open this box so this is get my hug get
my hug uh-huh oh and guys we woke up
this morning hearing some weird ass
noises in our house I'm not sure if
Jonathan is trying to pull a prank on us
for those who don't know one of my good
friends he stayed in our house while we
were gone like Katherine mention we got
home so late that we just passed out in
the morning we were hearing some weird
noises in the house and we don't know
where it's coming from
I'm kind of scared to check around the
house because if it's a prank then I'm
scared to get pranked and if it's not
that's even scarier so if you guys hear
weird ass noise in the background just
ignore it or I'll someone have to find
out what it is
wants it she wants Lumiere guys by the
way my favorite Disney character of all
time is Belle and Ariel so comment below
which one your favorite one is it really
yeah I think my favorite one is probably
Mickey Mouse I was doing this thing
where she makes me lay on her so I just
lay on her like this and she gets happy
he like that yeah you love mama she made
me sleep like this on her the other
night at the hotel and I had to sleep
like this for like five hours because
she wouldn't let me get up
I swear babies go through some weird
stages she's not her no stage right now
everything is no no no in ace family if
you live in the LA area if you go
outside right now you should already
know what the weather is like and I'm
not happy about it
Catherine loves ring I've been dreaming
why because rain it's like we need rain
to make everything keep that rain to
make the world go round
yeah but you can't gonna go outside you
gotta stay inside all day I don't like
that I like to go outside and enjoy the
nature guys it's raining right now and
it's been raining for the past couple
hours and I don't like it
everything is wet everything is wet and
I'm not sure if you can see the grass
but everything that's supposed to be
grass is black right now let me show you
guys over here so everything that's
supposed to be grass is black as you can
see and Catherine freaked out this
morning she saw it but the gardener guys
came and put this I don't know what you
would call a swale so the grass could go
back to how it was because ever since we
got too many dirt bikes we were kind of
being reckless and just going all over
the place on the grass places we
shouldn't have gone on top of the
weather changing so all that kind of
messed up the grass so we're trying to
get it back to normal right now so
hopefully it works but yeah guys I don't
know how I feel about this weather I
know it's looking like a jungle what's
going on here
you don't you don't move it giving her a
pedi okay let's see okay let's see how
you doing good job that's pretty good
no dad that no no I don't I don't okay I
don't eat that not that I keep the key
baby well this is nice I'm a little
princess can do this instead of me
having to go to the shop this is nice
okay guys while she's doing my toast if
you guys haven't noticed I am wearing we
obviously got inspired by Space Jam
stead of Space Jam we call it a film
based family sure is not released just
yet we'll be releasing it on Friday so
make sure you stay tuned on Friday if
you don't know where to get your a
standing March all you got to do is go
to shop ace family calm the link is
always in the description so yeah stay
tuned for Friday because this right here
is gonna be selling like hotcakes I just
saw the pool looking overflowed because
of the rain let's see my sidekick over
here following me of course go ahead
baby oh my gosh it's completely over
filling
so this morning I don't know if Austin
told you guys but I was freaking out
because all I saw was like black soil my
grass but then I heard what like a
squeaking sound I think is from
downstairs find out what this is we're
gonna be to the bottom of this oh by the
way we have to absolutely take these off
today today and the Christmas tree we
should definitely do it this week no no
we have to get some bins go to Target
get some bins so yeah what we're gonna
do is we're gonna keep all of the
ornaments and everything obviously and
put it in some bins so we can use it for
next year you really should go than that
right now she's gonna freak out when we
stop
- on the trigger
it's not like I don't make weird noise
like it's not like like Ryan's on the
phone it's like
in there oh I just heard it you already
know the squeaking go is checking
laundry room right now let's check it's
not here squeal oh here boy
oh my god was a freaking bird oh my god
you left here yeah
Johnathan's bird when is it violets bird
what do they get look at the birdie
Mama's girl but wait is blurry I can't
um blur it you're the bird it's a bird
baby have you ever met a bird before I
think you've met one before baby you
forgot me oh my god he is so beautiful
I gotta calm until he left the boxes you
do it on purpose they probably did on
purpose cuz they left so late last night
oh my goodness you're so cute
killing me keep oh wait why isn't he
making noise now he probably scared huh
can we take him out should we take him
out yeah oh he looks nervous
why is he breathing so hard no we should
not take him no I don't want to make you
feel uncomfortable he's fine I had no
idea that they brought him here or that
they even had a bird um I'm sure I'm
sure it's something on the side I'm sure
there's a little side gate like you you
shouldn't be taking his house apart I
think it's a side all right so hopefully
you guys could see him better
I don't know but he's really cute
definitely not a peep on the door like
he said look yeah there's three doors it
looks like wait
what if he just flies around the house
bites me goodbye
it's not gonna bite you probably call
John - no John please
it's called Jonathan see okay hey bro
you know you left your bird over here
all right cool is it cool if I take them
out or hurry up
what is it Blair girl oh she's not gonna
buy it right all right cool
Michelle I'll see it I'll see other mile
is a bird
all right so before they take him back
home let's take him on play with them
yeah Tweety Saints a tweety bird tweety
hey no she doesn't want you know like me
she doesn't want you here birdy she
doesn't like it is Lyra in there she's
happy I'd be a better way
you guys haven't noticed Elle has
already knows we think she kind of cold
on the trip so if you see her nose just
gushy enough buggers just don't worry
oh oh you just took the house apart
Oh God can you not do that please Oh
Austin leave her in there she's happy in
there gonna hold her she might fly in
the house and we might not be a mood
catcher no I'm scared
like oh my guys kind of scared of it all
right all right I'm sure she doesn't
like you so just stop making her fear
your king her nervous your melesa your
nervous don't want your laptop well
she's a shit mean bird shit
why you're not nervous alright cuz they
can make and tell when you're nervous
like this will flies no no no no no no
no don't touch the birdy okay I love her
can we keep prayer no it's not your fur
this is cool you want to hold it hold it
okay stay still you want a birdie for
your south mama okay okay okay hey you
want to put it right here no oh she's
just shit on you stop just shit all all
my fingertips cuz yeah bad birdy
fuck that bird she just look yeah yeah
no no no your wipe you're going to the
bathroom you like birds
alright the bird no you get the bird I'm
not getting the break the show my hand
sorry I'm all good get you some doing
the paper a second time you've been
cheated on because remember when I else
shit on you and she was like three
months old feed her and give her some
love from a distance
from a distance it's okay I'm trying to
say there you go you see girls all right
put Tweety back in her cage please Oh
what you want to put on your lap L wants
everything on her lap you want the burn
in your lab uh uh guys my family has
issues Oh
laughing you like egg better yeah okay
we'll leave I quote well have Jonathan
take his Burbank yeah all right give me
al and then you put the bird back inside
there you go
I think she likes you now I think I so
she pooped on you it's it was like an
initiation type of thing like timbres
how are you freaking dancing like that
put her back if she really likes me
though she likes a spam if you know what
kind of Burgesses please comment below
or if you had birds or know anything
about birds just comment below maybe we
should get a bird instead of a dog I
always said that but I kind of I want to
because of this way yeah she's scared of
him
say bye Tweety bye-bye TV right weenie
all right Sammy so before we close on
today's video we have a little story to
tell you all my first start out by
saying that today's shout out person
goes to the person who are gonna be
talking about so on the first night
but in Orlando be checked in super super
late to the Yacht Club at the SeaWorld
so we get to the hotel we got a super
super late it was about like midnight or
1:00 in the morning
so I go up to the desk and I see one
person working there which was Debbie
and so she comes up to me and she said
can I help you or not and I'm just like
we're checking in so boss and Ryan and
TRAI walk in and I go sit in the lobby
without because she was sleeping so she
starts talking start kochu up so she
starts talking to us about her getting a
tattoo and stuff not to mention she's an
old early lady so we were just having a
conversation with her as if she was one
of the homies so she had asked them why
we were in town why were there in
Orlando Austin had told her that we were
there for a surprise for one of our ace
family members and he mentioned like oh
and check it out whenever you get a
chance or whatever and so we go up to
the room and shortly like right when we
got into the room shortly after Austin
calls her that forgot to ask her for the
Wi-Fi yeah like we usually get our Wi-Fi
before we go in but he completely forgot
so he calls her knees like hey like
what's a Wi-Fi and she was like by the
way I just finished watching the video
mind you it had been like five minutes
that we went upstairs she had already
watched the video she's like oh my god
like you guys are such amazing people
like that video baby cry like god bless
like okay cool like she's super nice
like we love her and she also mentioned
that it we ever needed anything to let
her know that she's at work every single
day
she's like a seat she's a third planet
yeah so she's like I've always here and
so the next day we passed by in the
lobby we needed to see her and so we
thought that was kind of weird and then
like couple hours later Austin wanted to
ask her something and she wasn't there
and so Austin was kind of like this is
weird because she told me she's always
here and like something in his heart
like told him that like something's
wrong like something off like why isn't
she here exactly and so on the very last
day mind you were only there for like
two days not even two days on the very
last day we're about to leave her
outside waiting for our car in Bali and
she walks up out of nowhere she's like
hey oh my god like I can't believe I
just ran into you I was I've been in the
hospital the past she was in the
hospital guys thirty thirty minutes
after she saw her video okay thirty
minutes she had a heart attack at work
at her desk yeah the computer was open
and she said she just like she remembers
her waking up with her head on this on
the computer someone that she was about
to help literally jump over the counter
and we helped her so she was like
talking to us and she was so emotional
she was like oh my god like this is God
like I came here just because I have to
get my car no one would let them get my
car from from work and so I had to come
get my car but I'm still like in the
hospital and she had her hospital sock
still on yeah she had her IVs like
bracelets and everything and so she was
like oh my god it's gonna be emotional
she was like I'm so like thankful for
you
you guys give me faith for the young
generation and she's like keep doing
what you're doing I'm like thank you so
much like for inspiring so yeah I would
wanted to mention that to you guys
because like you guys only see what we
put on camera and like there's so many
things that happen outside of the camera
that we would love to share with you
guys but things just happen and cameras
are not on and I just wanted to say that
we gave a shout out to her and that she
is super amazing we want to introduce
all of you guys to her so we're gonna
pull up a picture that we all took
before we left
roll the picture
guys she is the sweetest lady that we
have ever met and not to mention she's
getting heart surgery yeah so we wanted
to wish her a good luck I wish her good
luck but she's like you don't have to
because gonna go fine so Debbie if
you're still watching our videos and you
happen to come across today's video want
to give a huge shout to you I wish you
the best of luck with your surgery we
love you you now are part of the ACE
family you guys happen to go to the
Yacht Club Resort and is me make sure
that you say hi to Debbie
and Lisa
and and and that she's important easy oh
yeah guys we want to tell you that story
because it was special to us and you
know we love to share everything with
you guys so thank you all for tuning in
as always before we close out today's
video we do want to give our pulse
notification shout out to who better to
Debbie from Disney World
whoever else like a post encase you
shout out all you gotta do is subscribe
to the ACE family turn our post
notifications and comment when done and
obviously if you liked today's video you
got to give it a thumbs up give Debbie a
thumbs up right now for wishing her the
best of luck with her health so like
comment share it and subscribe and like
me and my beautiful Queen you guys
should see the weather right now it's
crazy yes terribly today's cleaning day
for sure like I'm gonna finish this and
like go cleaning like cleaning my life
away yes but like me and my beautiful
Queen always say we'll be back with more
videos peace
