these days hey a spam laughs so I hope
you all enjoyed yesterday's video
yesterday was truly a humbling
experience for us this goes to show all
of us that nothing in life should be
take it for granted
Chantal IANA her family for letting us
be a part of her life and shout out to
the ACM for showing her so much love now
today today and as you all read by the
title we will be surprising our
one-year-old daughter with a trip to
Disney and if you haven't already
noticed we are in a different hotel
right now and actually we're already
here at this so we got in super late
last night and L was already asleep so
she has no idea that we're here and now
I think about it she's so young that I
don't even think she knows what
Disneyland is but today she's about to
find out is she gonna be a happy I want
to meet Mickey as a matter of fact we
have a scheduled tour that were running
late for because I'm doing this intro
for you guys so we got to hurry up and
uh get on our way cuz today is gonna be
a day let's go waste
so where are we headed to first we're
going into Magic Kingdom which is the
main park at Disney the one the open in
1971 okay we're gonna go meet Mickey
Mouse to start off as a plan a family
we're really here at Disneyland right
now first stop Mickey Mouse ready to
meet Mickey yeah all right guys we're in
line right now to see the king of
business maybe I can get a hug say bye
alright then we're about to grab food we
are now at a buffet as you can see I
don't even know where to begin and
supposedly this is the best spot to eat
here at Disney World
cuz they have all the Disney characters
here walking around Richard take a
picture
hey Sammy screenshot that in a tweet
official hi guys we just got done eating
we're on our way to take a family
picture from the castle two minutes here
at Disney World and the hill is already
sleek all right guys Elle's about they
want her first ride sleep there we go
we now feel somewhere before me I'm
gonna go on a little mermaid ride you
ready
look no mommy
so are you having fun yeah you like
Disney World
yeah okay but we want to get on this
ride
Oh
guys we're knocking out these rides left
it right al how do you feel so far how
do you feel about this place you like it
yeah it's been a successful so far today
hell do you want one of these do you
want one of these out yeah okay let's
get one for my baby my baby deserves
everything
baby hold it baby there you go
don't talk about my hand
all right then it's been a long day so
far but we're not done yet we're on our
way to where's are these animal Disney's
Animal Kingdom here we come
oh the elephants yeah what about the
Jesus what about the squirrels no yes
what they do the Lions yeah do it
and there she is we're going on our
animal kingdom you guys ready are you
guys ready
16 to 20 feet long gonna weigh about 500
pounds they crush the bones of their
prey with just wow six feet at their
shoulder adult males like him here to be
about 2,000 pounds he is about a good
size indicator about how big they can
get and from a standing position they
can actually jump straight up in the air
about six to eight feet never the
giraffe is got a little guys don't
forget to subscribe today family driven
hope you see how we're gonna see him
Batman just land animals adult male here
to be about 11,000 pounds and their
babies are born pretty large as well at
about 250 to 300 pounds 9 pounds an
flamingos are born holding their skin on
those warmer days if you ever see them
flapping their ears back and forth that
helps cool them down about 15 degrees
the Lions do patches right they're
nocturnal
at night and at night it's actually the
female so it'll go out and do the
hunting usually in pets because their
prey tends to be a lot faster than they
are the male lions are the ones that
will say that
so how'd you feel seeing your favorite
animal gorilla fall almost crying come
baby got to get a picture on snapchat
guys Ella snapchatting her experience
here at Disneyworld go ahead and snap
away good job good job baby
snapping your experiences hi guys so now
we were at Epcot right now it's
beautiful it's gorgeous check this out
guys check this out
visiting from you almost seem very
excited to be here
I remember outside I was the first time
we open up our gates and air and up and
of course they're always open now so
you're welcome Jordan anytime you like
it maybe we you probably can't even go
ice skating with us the more rock the
freeze of the courtyard force versus I
don't think you invite
maybe she can even freeze you your own
pair of ice skates to and then have to
it might be a little bit cold so maybe
we can all go for a common drink some
hot chocolate or nut I think that would
be really fun the first part of my name
right I mean e-commerce to say yes I
think she's a bit frozen with excitement
give her a hug take a picture
she said something I know you don't want
to leave Disneyworld I know I'm sorry
we'll come back I promise it's okay
doesn't want to leave it's okay it's
okay
thank you so much my man give me a hug
hey shout out to my man Jonathan right
here he is the best you got a tour guide
slash security guard in the world
appreciate your mom thank you back whoa
Hayes family we had a long day guys I'm
gonna be honest this was probably the
happiest day that we've ever seen el and
you guys know how happy she always is
beby did you have a good time yeah and I
think no I think we should get some
season passes we gotta do it yeah and
before we close out today's video we
have to give two shots today so the
first shout-out goes to Walt Disney
thank you so much you really treat us
like family today our second shout-out
goes to our boy Jonathan he's the one
who gave us our tour guide today and now
he's a part of the ACE family thank you
again my man so thank you all for tuning
in as always before we close out our
video we already gave our shout outs
today whoever else like a poster
fication shout out all you gotta do is
subscribe to the ACE family turn our
post notifications and comment win and
obviously if you liked today's video
you've got to give it a thumbs up give
it a thumbs up if you also love Disney
World so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family well had a great time today
always say hey say bye did you have fun
today
you love Walt Disney Oh
give give Walt Disney a kiss today for
hooking us up oh my gosh
