you know I do
Hey so me and my baby just got known to
work out it is now 2018 and one of our
goals for 2018 is to get back in shape
so we figured why not start today and
before I continue with today's video all
I got to say if you are not a part of
the hele makes you hit that subscribe
button that subscribe button it's the
red button that says subscribe so make
sure you hit that button and join the
family so back to what all was saying
2018 is gonna be an amazing year ace
family just know in 2018 anything is
possible for anybody let's get on with
today's video all right guys we just got
done getting ready for today and as you
all read by the title we got Elle her
dream car we've got her couple cars like
along the way as she's been growing up
but none of them are actually like
usable just because she's so little and
she doesn't know how to work the actual
car but we came across one yesterday and
I swear to you this little car looks
like it came from the future it has a
dope color to it as these crazy lights
even has a radio built in and the best
part about it is that we get to control
this gets us in the car and just enjoy
the ride it's literally like a mo
control car just made for her sighs it's
literally the craziest thing I've ever
seen
so what we're gonna do is we're gonna go
downstairs we're gonna surprise her and
she's never seen anything like this
before she's never had anything like
this before so we're gonna get her
reaction hopefully she likes it but the
cool thing about it is that all she has
to do is sit down and enjoy the ride she
said they're gonna be obsessed with it
and love it or be scared it I think
she's gonna be obsessed
I think so too I'm gonna be riding her
around the entire house I'll be able to
sit on the couch control her riding her
around the entire house AC and I'm so
excited to not only show her but to show
you guys as well the first time I was
like ah we have to get this crazy are
y'all y'all ready to see your reaction
all right guys so here's the remote
right here and yes we still have our
Christmas tree up we've been meaning to
put it away but it's so damn big that
we're being lazy and I was telling
captain we should just leave it up for
next Christmas hopefully but no furrows
gonna take some time and we're gonna
need a few people to put it away so one
day it'll get down and to be honest it
kind of looks good with the gift by the
tree it's like another Christmas for her
actually when we got this car for her I
looked at it as a good way to start 2018
I guess we can just call this a New
Year's gift all right nice family this
is all I can show you
until L opens it up as you can see it's
pretty good-sized I'm excited to show
you guys the color shade I'm excited to
get into myself I'm curious to see
what's gonna move with the wrapping
paper on it let's see oh look look at
this y'all look backwards oh oh oh oh
okay that's enough that's enough let's
go surprise well lively in here yeah
what does that mean
oh thank you what is this brownie mix
you're gonna make some brownies for us
yeah we got you we got you a gift
come on let's go come on let's go see we
got you oh look at E you want to see oh
what is Wow look at that you want to get
in it
hey Stanley check out the doors hey get
anywhere oh the red leather seats the
rims dang girl you out here style ooh
she knows how to turn it on she just
turned it off mr. it was already it was
already on baby here check this out
check this out the radio I think it's
time a family I think it's time
hold on little mama hold on yeah
we got a rap
it was a wall
I told y'all she was gonna love it
Osen loves it more than she does
watch me that as I turn it off
okay honey it's your back huh
oh look actually I'm something look you
can put your USB core in here and she
can play her music she play your
favorite song before you okay we know
you love it okay okay let's turn it off
really quick so before you continue
writing can we hit the ass with a
montage can we get it when I'm on top
no montage oh you want to control
yourself take your controller stuff you
want to control herself let's see what
she presents presses what's that
there you go there you go honey should
we take it outside you want to go
outside
Oh guys ace family it's only right since
I had my dream car we had to get my
princess surgery better should we ride
outside together she'll be right over
you cars outside together let's go let's
take him outside
and there's daddy with his dream car
he's waving
don't report I got my baby
I see you girl with your eyes on the
road focus on the road honey don't let
your dad down look at the road look at
the road baby look at the road I know
you're happy but look at the road honey
you're gonna get a ticket you even got
your license you might go to jail come
on honey come on hey spam it like I was
saying it's only right to get my
princess her dream car if her daddy has
his dream car you know she's over just
chillin being a one-year-old baby
she may be spoiled but she deserves
every bit of it every bit of it alright
guys so we're gonna take her car back
inside and hit y'all asses with a
montage anyways let's get
what do you feel better you dancing get
it girl you happy I love you hey hey she
feel herself
cheapy let herself be careful you can't
okay don't hang off the side now honey
this ain't a real car now a family
photographer past two hours of time
that's one happy thing
look at that I got you
you got you got ice cold you really
check it out that man don't favor song
guys I had a high familiy she keeps
trying to have me drive around the car
I'm like damn baby I can't drive you
around all day so I had to hide from her
hopefully she'll find me
Babette what are you doing oh you
thirsty that works
so catheter and I failed to mention that
we will be staying at a resort tonight
so we got the trip as a gift shout to
Alan so we decided to use it today
before we got really busy again so we're
gonna get away for a day and just clear
minds as you guys know we've been
posting every day for over a month now
and we believe it's healthy to take a
short break so we can get back on track
so we're super excited Katherine and I
hardly ever leave the house especially
having a baby we're gonna only be gone
for literally no more than 24 hours will
be gone in literally less than 24 hours
as you guys know we can't be away from
Earl more than 24 hours so will Lily be
back in the morning I'm sorry to say we
won't be filming our entire trip we kind
of want to be away from the cameras
while we're out but if you stay tuned
for next video we will show you guys
glimpses of our trip we both never been
to this resort before but we have heard
good feedback so we're super excited to
see what this Resort has to offer
so yeah you ready huh ace family we have
arrived at our destination
so pretty I can't wait to see our room
you know it's good when they have a
waterfall all right God we have made it
to our own land we're gonna give you
guys a sneak little peek before we close
out today's video so come right along
hey little living room little living
room action oh say what they got over
here they got over here okay look closer
oh no I see a view like a little condo
what's going on everybody
okay okay the showers nice this place is
lit what's in here yeah what's in there
oh I want to show y'all that huh well we
got over here love it a great good okay
huh well I'm I feel like a little bit of
wine hey I'm just playin y'all oh damn
well we don't drink that's it for the
room tour baby it's time to close out
today's video so before we continue on
with a little rendezvous date we do at
the close on today's video so thank you
all for tuning in as always before we
close out today's video we do have to
give our post notifications shout out to
I got this one bit a shout out person
today goes to my cousin daugher he
turned 17 on Christmas I forgot to wish
him happy birthday so shout out to you
dr. whoever else like a pulse invocation
shadow all you gotta do is subscribe to
the eggs family turn on our post
notifications which is that Bell button
click that and once you do those two
things all you got to do is comment and
obviously if you liked today's video you
gotta give it a thumbs up I know al
lively mcbroom would give this video
thumbs and she's the happiest girl in
the world right now I'm sure she got her
grandfather driving her around her new
car so like comment share and subscribe
and like me and my beautiful Queen
always safe we'll be back with more
videos peace
