someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
anything is possible if you wanna pass
hi Tess your limit
feeling stopped incredible most there I
can see I'm sorry
I feel like they make the most out of it
here joined by Al Horford of the Boston
Celtics Justin Bieber got a little sauce
there on his trip
all right that's enough of that bullshit
so for those who accepted my challenge
I'm sure you've already done your own
research but if you have it I'm gonna go
ahead and show you some highlights just
in case you want to back out as you can
tell pretty confident but it's been a
while since I've actually place so I
gotta start practicing again where's my
trainer Oh princess all right baby so we
got to talking about these opponents how
do you feel the bottom are they weak
they're weak huh yeah they're weak so we
ain't got to worry about it huh let's
just go practice all right let's do it
you ready do this he'll come here come
here come here come here all right
my trainer daddy got a new first I got
shoot I can work on my shot okay let's
review a mom okay so now what I got to
do I got to what push-ups I got to
push-ups no miss trainer see here we go
how many I gotta do
how many Oh she my trainer works out too
let's go good how many we gotta do
how many three okay one two three good
job all right let's go good job
now we got to do
we got run all right let's run here we
go let's go here we go good job good all
right daddy's tired that is tired now
what do we got to do now oh we got it
got a run this way we gotta get in shape
we got junk now okay here we go ready
jump yeah let's go good good good
all right now what we got to do we got
to lay up all right lay up here we go
yeah now what we got to do what now yes
jack
Oh stretch all right here we go
stretch it out stretches I like that
stretch all right so now what we got to
do what are you doing my trainer hired
this once we getting me ready for this
challenge yeah I don't need to get ready
yeah oh good let's not talk about dad is
already ready
see y'all harden my little princess I
don't even need to get ready because I'm
Lori right back to the video Hey so does
anyone know what today is tell them what
today is they'll exactly today is the
day that Katherine gets her blood drawn
to find out the gender of our baby but
it's not that easy we won't find out
today it takes a few days to get the
results in so we're all super excited
for that and we'll be letting you guys
know who is gonna throw our
gender-reveal at the end of this video
well you know who's throwing it right
well don't tell him yet so the blood lay
should be here any minute
are you nervous that your blood I'm
extremely nervous guys Katherine hates
kidding
blood job no I hate needles in general
but the reason why it's not because I'm
scared like house I'm gonna do with that
like I'm totally fine with doing
anything
yeah bit no I'm serious okay but for
some odd reason every single time anyone
like an individual has ever drawn my
blood it takes them forever like it
literally takes them like 30 minutes
just to get the needle and get the blood
out and so usually we use like a smaller
one what are they butterfly yeah like
the butterfly needles or whatever
they're called and even then there's
it's super hard to get blood from me
like for my little little vein - so -
yeah for some reason they can never like
get it because her vein is too small so
they're always like poking around it and
leaving her bruises so you're ready to
find out if you're gonna have a brother
or sister Wow
as you can tell she's excited if you're
excited to give this video a thumbs up
right now what do you want to watch huh
dori okay y'all watch dory let's put on
dory okay yeah
it's type dorian you seen dory where
where's dory right there okay uh-huh so
dory
sit down sit on the couch well my hats
boots when you sit down the blood lady's
here yeah
but she's gonna be the one who's gonna
draw your blood
she's calling she's calling get her get
her god it's I'm so excited captain's
about to get her blood drawn to find out
the gender or baby what do you guys
think it is
Tom below do you think it is you say
good morning you hold the door for every
single person who's ever draw blood on
me it takes forever like I don't know
why but I have one little tiny name Gail
Kim her boobie
come with that out you don't need to see
this Mama's about to get her blood John
it's okay look at your beautiful
daughter
what are you beautiful husband guys we
did it we did it will we find it out in
a few days not us though not us we are
not finding out a few days all right
guys so before we tell you guys who is
throwing our gender-reveal the blood
draw turned out way better than I
thought so it's all said and done I'm a
little bruised but it's fine bring the
blood back to the lab they're gonna test
the blood they're gonna get in there
figure out if it's the texture of a boy
or texture of a girl then the doc is
gonna pick up the phone dial the number
call our friend and let her know it's
her let her know if it's a boy or a
gender-reveal party it'll be family and
friends and we're gonna film it of
course so you guys are gonna be there as
well and so Elle Lively would you like
to tell the ACE family who's stolen our
gender-reveal party guys you couldn't
understand what else said well first of
all I'm gonna say like a story before we
explain okay okay so several months ago
probably like five six months ago maybe
less we were at her friend's house she
was pregnant at the time and we were
talking about how we want to have more
kids and that we've been trying for the
past year whatnot and she said she was
like in the future when you get pregnant
I want to do your gender reveal and so I
was like okay like awesome like deaf
it would be you because that's something
that you love to do and I feel like if
we're gonna have our family there we
would I would rather our family find out
at the same time we find out and so a
couple of months later I was we were at
her house again this time I was pregnant
but I didn't know I was pregnant and so
she mentioned it again I think she knew
that Katan was presently it was so weird
she was like okay I'm sure it was like
the same month that she had her baby and
she was like when you get pregnant
eventually remember I'm gonna do your
gender reveal did I know I was pregnant
a week later she had had her baby it was
like a couple of days after and I texted
her and I was like oh my god I'm
pregnant I sent her the test and she was
like yep I'm doing your gender reveal so
obviously she's the one that's gonna be
doing her done I reveal so we're so
happy that she's doing it so the person
doing our gender reveal oh go and spam
her on Twitter on Instagram ghost be
annoying show her some love
BAM her she realized she's the only
person in the world that is gonna know
the gender of our baby that's crazy
obviously beside their doctor but uh
she's the only person who knows us
personally so she will be the only
person alright guys so go spam her go
show her some love as you guys know she
recently had her daughter stormy she's
such an amazing mother
so I guess we're just gonna have to find
out the gender of our baby for Kylie
Hale just fell asleep we were talking
and she's like no bye good night so
we're gonna go ahead and close out
today's video right here thank you all
for tuning in as always before we close
out today's video we do have to give our
pulse invocation shout out to the bettor
today's personification shout out goes
to Jen VF battle so shout out to you
shout to you girl thank you so much
being part of a family we love you
whoever else I could pull some acacia
shout out all you gotta do is subscribe
today's family hit that subscribe button
turn on our pulse notifications hit that
Bell button once you do those two things
just comment done and obviously if you
liked today's video you've got to give
it
thumbs up give it a thumbs up if you
guys are excited and ready to find out
the gender of our baby and guys don't
forget April 1st mark that down your
calendars right now April 1st I will be
picking my opponent for our basketball
charity event it's about to go down so
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful sleepy family
only safe be that come over here please
