excuse me where's your bubble wrap
bubble wrap yeah yeah
bubble wrap like something I can fit my
my wife in so she can jump off the the
balcony it's something to protect my
beautiful woman nope
that's what bucks hey a spam Oh
broke my screen let's do a retake Hey a
spam lay all right take three hey ace
them let lay lay so I am currently and
target right now and you all should know
what's not to go down to deck and if you
don't know what's about to go down makes
you keep watching if you're new to this
channel make sure you click that
subscribe button and join the ACM and
I'm not sure if you guys can tell but
for some reason I'm just so hype today
it's about to be a new year we're about
to hit four million ace family members
and Kathleen is about to do something
you completely out of her element today
I'm gonna be completely honest ever
since Kath and I got together I got her
doing things that she don't normally do
so what that say about me all right
explain let's get right into it
so I came to Target to get something
that is extremely important in today's
video this is what it is
so I'm thinking we need a lot more than
one because I thought they were bigger
than this so I say we just get all of
them poor should be good enough fill
elite I also think we should give her a
helmet because I want my baby to be as
safe as possible so let's go find her a
helmet a family I honestly think my baby
doesn't need a helmet but we're gonna
get one just in case
they got a queen helmet for my queen you
know what I'm just going this one this
one's dope you can write whatever you
want on the helmet fellas listen real
close in order to get your woman to do
certain things you must get her in the
right mood and in order to get her in
the right mood you must get in do things
she likes so right now I'm at Starbucks
because Kathryn likes Starbucks so I'm
about to get her everything on the menu
that she likes because I want to get her
in the right mood to do what she's
supposed to do today can I please get a
caramel macchiato on ice with soy milk
please
can we also get a banana nut bread I'm
an old-fashioned donut we're just gonna
try to get everything on the yeah let me
also get a couple cake pops just put all
in your best flavors we've got to get
her in the right mood today
exactly all right let's go put Catherine
in the goo I got you something for you
I told y'all he's family already seen
anyone to see him Catherines in a good
movement she should be what do you guys
do would be careful today is the day
honey I got over up more bubble wrap
more Bowl wrap and more Bowl rep and I
got you at home 1/8 family moment so
what do you think why does it say H no
it has to fit no barely fit that's good
that's all you need is for it to be on
your head
are you ready for a moment to do it ok
so for those who are confused on what is
about to go down so two days ago I
pulled a prank on my beautiful Queen I
jumped off the balcony onto a jumper
roll the clip so we made a belly to ace
family that if that video got over
300,000 likes Catherine would also jump
and the video got over 300,000 likes so
today is the day that my baby becomes a
savage of all savages alright guys so
before I wrap Catherine in bubble wrap I
have to blow this jumper up and place it
perfectly for her and as you can see
this jumpers been left out here from
when I jumped on it so hopefully it
doesn't
let's blow them here's the magic button
wait why is it blowing up slower than it
usually blows up I'm gonna have to check
for holes there we go there we go what
you think man huh you want all the balls
in here okay for you baby I'll do
anything
now let's go wrap her a little 60s all
right it is time nice family you guys
vote rap so I don't all right Ellen I
love you we'll see you back in a little
bit man I need to be free like some like
people Envy stuff
cut the neck reky lee am arsenal ticket
all right so she looks like she's oh I
think she's right you know
colored walnuts average moving the legs
alright before we do this
Trey I'm gonna need you to go down and
get a better angle of this alright I got
the angle form here alright so I'm gonna
see this
it's not that bad give an idea I'm gonna
go over and then kind of like hang on
the bottom and then jabong as opposed to
like just jumping off like you did I
don't know how you did that
okay okay fine I agree but as long as
you don't fall while you're trying to do
that cuz that's that will be bad you
know what I think we should do bro what
that I've ordered by the head and you
were right by the legs and we just like
hover her in like going oh I'm gonna
help my baby wait don't do that Oh Kathy
you could do it like that no you're
gonna hurt yourself
she's taking the whole bubble wrap off
now all right family I can't believe my
beautiful queen is doing this this is
something she would
oh my god I've never seen her do this in
25 years never 25 years that just
completely out of her element right
there hey Sam that you guys are
witnessing history right a family before
she does this you better give this video
a thumbs up because she's doing it for
y'all
reiben don't help you she knows what
she's like duty to help you hello
so the goal is to try and land on your
all right I don't talk don't talk to me
please
are you ready all back yeah like yeah
yeah do it do it cannonball yeah so when
you're falling was she's falling like
battle your knees oh go go no no she's
climbing now he can't climb down I
believe in Kutty yeah so she can see how
wait no no just jump over like how I did
bro you're really a savage Julie no
bubble wrap it on helmet just right go
yeah let's go
wait what did he say if I do this is
gonna jump in the pool
yeah I'll do it you have to jump
Catherine okay I gotta get my baby where
you going you okay ace family did my
queen just do that
I'm gonna loss of words right now I'm
speechless all I gotta say is she's a
monkey to be honest it wasn't that bad
bad
you're jumping in the pok√©mons go
let's go bulls reason anything all right
I'm gonna stay here here's the Horde I
think she's gonna do it
today I must admit you really surprised
me today are you ready no all works
beers cold water you're the one who said
you're gonna do it right and I guess
what I did that I've jumped in the
freezing cold pool all right take your
clothes off think about this for a
second you got a lot of time to think
hey family you already know me oh
my hardest we're done for today what the
closeout the video could be done oh
I love you baby gimme cancer
we literally faced everything for you
guys our worst nightmare literally when
I was about to jump I was just thinking
about you guys about all 300,000 people
that said that they wanted me to jump so
that's why I did it
I think boys you guys are real ones how
appreciate you bro guys thank you all
for tuning in as always before we close
out today's video we do have to give our
post notification shot out better hurry
up please it's cold out here
Deborah Bernie so what's that Mike found
earlier so shout out to use eyebrow
shots you girl thank you so much for
being apart the ace family whoever else
like a pole sonication shout out all you
got to do is subscribe today's family
turn on our post notifications and
comment when done I see John scheme you
got to try to scheme whoever else like a
post on occasion shout out all you'll do
is subscribe today's family turn on our
post notifications and comment when done
and obviously guys you got to give this
video a thumbs up if you don't give this
video a thumbs up you are not a part of
a family no you're not so like comment
share and subscribe like me and my
beautiful savage Queen always say we
back with more videos peace
