someone told me never saw
these days hey welcome back to my
channel guys what's going on everybody
if you're wondering why you're in front
of a garden right now it's because this
is the best lighting we can possibly get
at this time today so today should be a
very interesting day because Katherine
is gonna get me to do things today that
I don't ever - so as you all know we've
been filming every single day for 30
days straight something we have
accomplished something that we're really
proud of but we haven't had a chance to
pamper ourselves and not necessarily
pamper ourselves that we haven't had a
chance to like get haircuts or get my
nails faxed or do our eyebrows we're
gonna get our eyebrows threaded by the
way we are yeah it's been a while and I
also want Austin to try something he's
never tried before about two weeks ago I
went to the tanning bed for the first
time in like years I haven't been under
the Sun in so long that I needed kind of
like a little tan so I did that once and
now I want to go again for the second
time so I want Austin to come with me
and I want him to try it out so we're
gonna see how that goes I'm already tan
I'm gonna tell you exactly what you need
to do is I'm already if you just do it
one time it's not gonna hurt you as a
black person ever gone tanning and and I
have SPF for him in just in case so
we're gonna do all that and take you
guys with us because as you guys know we
are posting every single day until the
end of December so we wanted to make
sure to at least do that with you guys
I'm so scared for today I don't ever get
a pedicure I've never gone tanning I
hardly ever do your eyebrows you have a
unibrow going on right now I do you want
to show them no fellas I must admit it
is very necessary to pamper yourself
fellas trust me women like men who take
care of themselves just how this true
just thank me later so let's uh go get
pampered
bacala finally fix me okay now my
history alright so we just pulled up at
our first stop which is the nail salon
who remembers when I lost a bit what was
that like six months ago I think yeah I
was like five I lost a bit and I had to
get my toenails painted and they were
orange yeah so this place right here
brings me back bad memories so let's
just going here and get a regular
pedicure cuz I do need my toes done and
so there's my beautiful baby right here
so gonna knock this bottle first and
then move on to our next location you
ready guys I'm so not ready and it's
already at the same time to get my toes
done I kind of don't want to show you
guys my toes right now until they're
done cuz I know you guys are gonna judge
me so I'm just gonna go ahead and dip
them in there's a lot what would you
scare your toes from one to ten
oh yeah it tells ain't that nice
you want to know what I was killed my
phone's a 3d bad but I trust this woman
right here after today my toes gonna be
a 10 it might be a 10.5 so what color
you about to get I'm gonna get the color
I usually get which is coffee
what are you getting on color so I'm
wondering why Catherine's person wasn't
wearing a mask but my person is we're
you mad
are they that bad my toes that bad once
a month I probably done this once a year
I must admit that I do have some pretty
toes once they're done I'm I have to
start coming oh I'm sorry
poor guy I'll tickle him at the bottom
of my feet it's very I'm very ticklish
it's just lights light burns loo yeah
just barely barely barely
that tickles whoo whoo that's barely
just barely whoa bro my fellas out there
do not be ashamed of getting pampered
there's nothing wrong with taking care
of yourself he's saying I just got done
and I'm looking like a new person a new
person hey don't get too close just
don't look good okay so my queen is
inside painting at the moment she's my
little sugar mama I was just talking
about you give me a receipt guys I am so
proud of myself today I accomplished my
third pedicure in my life and your
entire third one ever has right but I am
gonna make a promise to myself and I'm
gonna start coming here more often so we
shall see if I do that right it's gonna
be destination one is complete so now
we're on our way to our second
destination it's a tan what the hell
guys God created my skin color for me
not to ever go tanning but Catherine for
some reason wants me to try it baby why
do you want me to try it I think they
want to see you try it
this one's just one time in your life
and I want to go ones too so now we are
at our second destination we are at the
tanning salon whale away baby I don't
know if I'm ready for this
you're gonna go on the stand of one
we're gonna do that we're gonna have to
learn
I'm just gonna stand like this to get
tan but I'm scared about like my skin I
got I want to break out you guys I'm
gonna break out but the heat hitting me
no you don't have to
guys it's gonna be a lot first-time
tanning I'm so scared I guess I do need
a little bit of a tan the Sun hasn't
been out in a while so I know I am kind
of going for that caramel look you know
what I mean right now I'm kinda like a
high yellow so I guess I can use a
little bit of a tan so come on baby
let's do a disclaimer I do not tan okay
I did it one time this is my second time
I'm only doing it for us and I want him
to try it all right guys I'm walking us
and back to his little bed nope keep
going the one that I do has no UVB it's
called so it's better yours does I think
but you'll be fine because you only be
there in for like a couple minutes
because mine's wearing expensive and
you're just going in for like a
literally like five minutes why am I in
the back so I'm not right a family Oh No
all right so um yeah I'm gonna help you
out so hold the camera please this is
kind of scary this reminds me a final
destination or something by the way if
you ain't got your a smarts all you
gotta do is go to shop ace family comm
link is always in description I'm just
gonna put this just because I feel like
I want to protect your face all right
yeah we need a lot of that use my face
for everything are you laughing but come
on let me let me do it okay you do it
here
you do what you leaving yeah so here's
this one and then you put that one just
on your neck and stuff because are the
most sensitive parts of your skin and
then I'm just gonna give you a little
bit of this one this is a good one for
our changes I feel like this is barely
anything well can barely see Eve
alrighty I'm gonna see you back in a few
my finish doing my little tanning thing
real quick I don't know what the hell
I'm doing so wish me luck
that's your leaving I am don't put too
much please I'll try protect my skin
alright see you in a couple minute love
you lycée right right for me alright
guys so just got back in the car I've
been here for about ten minutes and and
decided to start reporting because I
know Austin's gonna be coming out
anytime soon you went to the bathroom
and yeah he's been there for a while oh
let me see a little tan yeah a little
bit what is this it's what come on oh my
god I bet I told you not to put so much
what I wanted out of my face oh my god
what oh my god your whole face is oh my
god are you so white here vanillin
Turner minutes no it's not permanent
just get a scrub it it won't come off oh
my gosh
why'd you put so much I didn't want my
face to get messed up my skin I should
protect my skin
oh I'm not we're going home not going
out like this
I don't like it my eyebrows start like
this my gosh
you can't scrub it off so you've been
doing this whole time it won't look
my eyes were burning in there I think I
stayed in there too long yeah
now you look pretty messed up yeah
you're not doing that again
the one time I go tanning this happens
to me when we go home I'm gonna have to
scrub it with like a hot cloth or
something try to get it off it doesn't
look that bad though they don't look
that bad now that I'm looking at it
cuz it's dark in there you can't really
see in that place yeah it's - it is dark
in there you can't really see it they
need to get lights roll this fucked a
hole I feel like in this lighting it
doesn't look too bad though and on
camera it also doesn't look that bad
just look a bit it doesn't look that bad
on camera really Cox is gonna go home
okay I knew I should have got a tan
alright let's just go home
there's only look that bad you can take
it off it's not a big deal we can still
get our eyebrows a ton and stuff like
this okay
I really wanna be looking at you like
what the hell happened to this guy's
face I cannot be driving a Lambo like
this
well we won't with us all the way up
good thing these windows are tinted -
well your window oh my god why did you
put so much are you thinking I wish I do
protect my face my skin I know but you
don't have to put that much that's FB
SPF 30 you're not supposed to do that
you're supposed to put just a little
tiny bit on your face and your nose oh
shit people are looking at me can they
see me no I can't see
they're looking at the car they're not
looking at you oh my god your face and
this lighting it's even where you're
getting this office as we get home I am
imagine this was permanent Oh No Oh No
why do you put so much no you're not
supposed to do that you're supposed to
put just a little bit see this is why I
don't tan for this fucking reason right
now yeah well that's a big fail you
aren't supposed to do that and you don't
look that tan
gee thanks so today was a fail oh yeah
looks like it says ace oh my god how
pretty cool yeah that's cool that's
probably for the outside oh my god wings
even worse than this lighting that I
would I sell give me hug dança better
dad that's coming honey wait till you
see what happened in that space dad he's
coming
are you eating strawberries yeah
strawberries are Gatorade she doesn't
like you scared it's dead is it look
like you have a math song daddy went
tanning what do you think the worst
mistake of my life
look at the camera
this shit is really bad oh my god
we just have discovered like a kiss
she's like um cami Keith look at my face
what'd you call your face them it's a
red Gatorade why you look sorry did
grandma give you strawberries yeah why
are you looking at my face like that I
look crazy
am i cute i mommy you got to get
dissolved me right now
alright go you have to really scrub
though I told you it's not coming off
yeah oh no no no it's coming off I'm
hard to get in a shower bro coming up
look barely I'm never doing this man
alright we close up the video right now
cuz I'm gonna get a shower
hey Stanley we cut this video short
today was unexpected so he's coming in
the video right here thank you all for
tuning in as always please if you liked
today's video give it a thumbs up every
like will go to save Austin's face
campaign I'm gonna go ahead and just
roast myself because I know you guys
will be talking shit about me in the
comments
everybody just do hashtag save awesome
coming off why does it come so like I
said like comment share and subscribe by
the way before we end today's video I do
want to say I saw that you guys liked
yesterday's video 300,000 yards I see
what you guys did there you little soul
shit
so you're gonna do it I don't know it's
dangerous I'm gonna have to put like
bubble wrap all around me and a jungle
no let's do that hey stay tuned for
tomorrow's video we're gonna bubble wrap
Katherine they should get a jump over
the balcony 1 million likes not 300,000
no you agree you agree you guys if you
haven't seen yesterday's video makes you
go check it out the video has over
300,000 likes and now Katherine has to
jump over the balcony onto the jumper so
all I gotta say is make sure you stay
tuned for tomorrow
video cause it's about to be lit now
we're gonna finish up today oh my god I
just had a job
what I just had these all right now this
moment of me like this yeah I make a
promise if you jump tomorrow I will jump
in that freezing cold pool you know you
want ice what you would never dump it up
you're right before you all do it
if you do it you go no you don't owe
your claim yes so I just had these no
boo this is so crazy that message beam
is meant to be all right family stay
tuned for tomorrow tomorrow's don't be
so like I said like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say we'll be back with
more videos peace
