someone's overlooked things don't exist
in real life these days
guys I don't really grow much facial
here and you can see but the hair that I
do grow and grows back so fast at this
shape almost every day so here goes my
shaving kit Dollar Shave Club is the
plug about a year ago when I first
started using this I was wondering what
this meant you have a very important
decision to make and I kept reading this
is a critical moment you're about to
experience some of our most special
products they're probably going to
become a part of your life every day it
must be true because a year later and
I'm still using it so they provide you
with shave butter one white charli's
they call them they give you a few of
these one white Charlie's they give you
a top-of-the-line razor with extra heads
and they also give you a body cleanser
so we're gonna put the shade butter on
first
I love how moist and hydrating this is
it also brings out your hair so it's
easy for you to shave and I'm gonna be
honest I'm a weirdo when it comes to
shaving as you can see because I like to
put extra shaving cream on because I
like the way it feels
it's refreshing wait you guys don't
really need to see me shave right I'm
pretty sure you guys know how that works
so I'll be back in five minutes wait how
long does it take machine five minutes
three minutes I'll see you in three
minutes
oh and I forgot to mention that this
Dollar Shave razor has a springy feel to
it which makes it almost impossible for
you to cut yourself one of the reasons
why I love them because before I started
using dollar shave I would cut myself
every damn day guys this star says only
five dollars it costs less than some
underwear guys if you're like me you're
tired of going to the store and you end
up getting something that doesn't get
the job done Dollar Shave Club is the
solution so like I said it's just five
dollars after the first box only a few
bucks a month think of it as a happy
meal once a month
I know y'all be ignorant so to get this
starter set all you got to do is go to
dollarshaveclub.com slash ace family and
of course I'll put the link in our
description so it's easy for you guys to
find I repeat Dollar Shave Club is the
plug hey hey what's going on everybody
so L woke me up this morning because she
said she want to make breakfast for Mama
you wanna make breakfast for Mama okay
come on how about we make mommy eggs and
bacon yeah
okay so this is Ellis kitchen guys this
was one of her Christmas gifts okay so
the ketchup and the mustard goes in the
fridge baby the fridge is right here so
yeah you need to get a plate and we're
gonna make eggs so you have the eggs
were the eggs what are we making here
okay so let's make eggs okay okay so
mommy needs a plate right
here's mommy's plates so here pull the
plate out for Mama so now we're are the
eggs where the eggs FFF you're supposed
to go grocery shopping this morning um
oh here the eggs I got the eggs eggs are
in here here the eggs put the eggs on
stove let them bake so here the eggs you
want to give to mama say mama say mama
on the food's ready to say mama we have
to get mama her eggs mama your breakfast
is ready
huh
come on
she made you eggs give it to mama thank
you mama fork here give you my fork give
it give it to mama thank you good job
you your eggs mama tell me if they're
good they're good that outfit is looking
extra cute on you - really cute outfit
we should take a picture these outfits
that you've been wearing recently have
been way too cute you hear me did you
take a picture for your Instagram yet
huh you have it let's go take a picture
for Instagram come on let's go come on
let's go take a picture for Instagram
have the ACE family like and comment on
your picture ace family L live we made
rumors almost had a million followers
let's try to get her to a million before
the year ends if you do not know Elle's
Instagram page Elle's Instagram is right
here I think she's about to post a new
picture on her page so after this video
makes you go like and comment her new
picture I'm so glad you can't text on
that phone tonight I pod daddy would be
stressing
mmm-hmm Texan Carlos and sugar are you
texting
will you snap in two I know you know how
to use snap will you been snapping yeah
where's your you two set who you got a
message from on snapchat huh oh heck no
who you got a message from who you got
oh you lucky is from team snapchat
mm-hmm hello hello please take a picture
of mom and dad at the outfit is way too
cute wanna take a picture for us you
want candy I'll give you candy and then
you'll take a picture okay I'm gonna get
you some candy
whatever I'll give you some candy this
shall be very interesting I got you some
candy ha ha ha you guys you some candy
here you go come on come on
good oh ha ha
Casey we're here you want to try some of
it yeah
so we're here all right guys the first
time to Ale is trying popper huh good
good you like them you like them is it
good
do you like the feeling it's giving you
ribbon you like billa's Dana's a lot oh
you like Oh how's it taste
I haven't had those in years that's cool
cotton candy you like it oh you really
like you oh god oh god oh god you have
it too much now
mmm delicious what though my god hmm
that's nice to do a little this right
when I was little look out look I see
this when I was little look good know
what if someone's fun I swear this baby
right here eats any and everything
no that's not true that's true she
doesn't eat vegetables because she's
like her dead dad
she doesn't like anything
candy desert related elites you still
want that into your toes yeah yeah okay
you can play with your toy let me take a
little minute
yeah I'm gonna get to that one okay it
takes time okay yeah you look pretty I
see a lively you like what daddy does
that cute hello before I do this you're
not going on a date right okay good
better not
still none else here I'll do it I'm
careful so doesn't get on the carpet oh
gosh great
wonderful good job well you see the
nailer you think the hotel isn't now
what about these toes how about these
ones
good good good job baby I'm proud of me
you want dad I think gonna walk okay
let's go on a walk go get your red wagon
okay go get it in your room
thank you we'll be your red wagon thank
you baby gonna get your wagon go for a
walk mama made it comfortable for you
yeah gonna get in Oh big girl you got a
one shot because you just did your
toenails no but here's your pen has a
pillow right here for the back there you
go is that good too much okay good no
it's good it's that good
all right you ready cool all right you
ready yeah
soon as it's a beautiful inside
that's what everybody says we're my
limitations but I know
and here we are top of the mountain with
the waterfall and a view would you like
anything else princess would you like
anything else water coffee do you want
jus okay I'll be right back break it oh
you got her Gatorade yeah anything else
my love do you want a foot massage
a foot massage
little queen
my little princess right here guys
this foot too
jeez someone knows what she wants huh
any appetizers to go with this massage
yes okay let me see what's on the menu
okay I'll be right back
oh you a mama to give you for massage
okay
this one too
sorry wait
I have to go in the back and the garden
and pick these out fresh okay for you
here we have here form a vegan route
option your mouth what's one this one
heard the fruit this one and you want
this one to your mouth okay here we go
how was that pretty good okay you want
to try a berry berry so doesn't really
like those no already strawberry the
next one hmm alright well that is it for
today
I'll see you tomorrow please same you
want the same you want the same
treatment tomorrow it's really there's
only a one day team who there's only a
one time thing honey no not for a lively
I got a pamper you like this everyday
what oh you want some more
mmm yummy yummy good
are you daddy's girl yes that was the
goal no she's still mommy's daddy all
right girls you guys ready to go inside
and close out today's video already
hey Sammy this little princess right
here loves filming she loves being from
the camera she loves being the star of
the show she's obsessed with all of your
love and support I guess she's just a
blessed baby
our ace family we're gonna in today's
video right here you guys saw today was
a very chill relaxed day we spend the
whole day the whole morning cleaning the
whole house head to toe so we're kind of
exhausted from that so I know you guys
are probably wondering why we used our
older intro today and the reason why is
because we didn't want to use her
Christmas one since it's not Christmas
anymore and we haven't yet filmed our
new intro that we're gonna be using for
2018 and not to mention our videographer
Fred he's out of town he doesn't get
back until I think the second week of
January so we won't have a new intro for
2018 until then and we definitely won't
be using anyone else but Fred because
Fred is part of the team he's a magician
yes so we're gonna have to just stick
with the old intro for now I hope you
guys in joyed enough to continue to keep
watching it so if you guys don't know
about our salad is still going on 20%
off of everything all you're gonna do is
go to shop ace family comm link is
always in the description there's only a
few more hours we put a sell in so join
the family and copy your aches family
merch make sure to tweet us when you
made your order so we can see what
you're getting we're so excited for you
guys to receive everything I thought you
have your own iPod what why you using
des phone
yeah huh yeah can better have his phone
back okay
okay go ahead don't give me that pouty
face I get sad every time don't do that
so before we close out today's video we
do have to give our post on vacation
shout out to whomever so today's post
notifications shoutout goes to Jonathan
Oda doe so hopefully I said that right
shout out to you Josh shout out to you
bro thank you so much for being a part
of the ACE family whoever else like a
pulse on vacation shout out all you got
to do is subscribe to the ACE family hit
that red subscribe button and turn on
our post notifications hit that red is
it red bell button just hit that Bell
button and once you do those two things
are you do is comment and done in the
comments and obviously if you liked
today's video all you do is give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and on me and my beautiful
Queen and my beautiful princess always
say we'll be back with more videos yeah
yeah
