someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to blink is
he doing what the hell Santa what what
the hey what are you doing saying I'm
late
as you can see yeah also your big ass
can't fit in the chair my new boy that
 Sam in what you doing I was looking
for some cookie cookies cuz I'm hungry
yeah holla holla let me give you some
polo polo polo
what's that for God his damn
cookies
Thank You Austin hey na bakke the nun
but they the meeting side they're good
they're good trust me good it's up you
ain't got time we didn't have time Santa
I'm sorry
all right Santa wall thank you thank you
wait said it before you leave please
please I know your hip can you keep what
the hell did you try em is did you try
to steal and wait wait wait wait wait
wait
did you trying to steal my Gucci's you
try to steal the gucci gucci - oh those
look like my size Mossad you wear yeah
him is my size
oh yes Nana see you won't believe what I
saw Santa Santa just left I swear I
witnessed him yes baby
but why is he here like when a son is up
he said he was late but to be honest I
don't he tried to steal my Gucci shoes
my Gucci loafers
I'm not lying he walked out the house
and I barely saw him they were
underneath his whatever the hell the
Steve Madden boots all I gotta say is an
election comes I'm gonna be bowling for
a new thing you look ready you ready to
open up presents yeah happy give the AC
on the kiss for Christmas get a family
kiss
I love you hey welcome back to our
channel guys what's going on everybody
we just want to say Merry Christmas to
all you beautiful people for those who
celebrate Christmas of course yes and I
think our family is downstairs and I
want to open up gifts so let's get right
to it
what y'all doing in our house okay
guess who's here guess who's here you
wanna know oh oh baby he's so nice damn
like that sweater doll is the Gucci
that's the good in the new Gucci line
worry about it
you like him you're getting kiss race
ace family all I gotta say is how dare
my little brother challenged me in
dirtbiking he lost a race hey I'm gonna
show him how are you down
a motorboat osakan about 20 years that's
another dress doctor we'll miss boy
crash and now I get to race the winner
hey family
whoo y'all got your money on Hayes
family yo you know how we get down ain't
nobody in the family can beat me 80
exactly and I got the Gucci zoning
hey Frodo you ever seen a buff dude on a
minibike
damn little bro you can't even start a
dirtbike my duty got no legs straight
you better start doing some squats okay
I can't wait no long you order your gift
what are you doing you can open up all
these presents come on who said who said
you can do that who said you could we're
not ready yet all right family everybody
put your hands in all handsy all hands
in y'all I just want to thank the man
above for bringing us all together on
this beautiful day I wish everyone a
Merry Christmas not only us but everyone
in the world Merry Christmas on three
one two three all right so where should
we so we start pops um I think we should
grab all the gifts and just kind of pass
them out to each person whoever they go
to or should we do one at a time what do
you think I think one at a time just in
case someone else got more gifts than
somebody else we don't want someone to
feel bad babe all pile of gear and then
someone else might have one it's not how
much you give cost start with one gift
for everybody okay all right let's do it
like that this one's for L
you want her to come out
okay your uncle your uncle and Auntie
got you that say thank you say thank you
give hug
give your uncle hug give your uncle hug
get Shila hug your shadow hug Shila hug
go get Charla hug oh say thank you I was
passing out gifts I'm not seeing
something that no one should ever have
to see what is it
follow my finger what the hell is that a
nail salon and we get pedicures and he
looked like that oh my god John critic
oh those are weapons well talk he don't
need gift no game he need some new feet
that's cute huh the aggressive money
she's like here hold my baby
I guess I can open up a gift that let it
sit down please sit down I'm gonna light
watching everyone else oh no cute I'm
the film I right now last okay so more
exclusive cheese crazy those are nice
holy I even see these and they smell
fruity soon like the shoes he's not
ready for my pops life like you're
opening up mamas gift oh it's okay go
ahead keep opening she is so small how
does she know to grab that box yeah baby
that's the one I got you I don't think
she should continue there's crazy I
didn't even know it happened okay
this one's not yours but this one's for
Mama okay let's see what it is well let
my let's let my open it okay since you
see soon let's see what you got there we
go
everybody's watching l
the LEL is iPod we just gonna let her
thing as a phone alright then we're
gonna finish and open up gifts as a
family and enjoy time as a family away
from the camera so we'll see you guys in
a few
it should take someone over gifts right
guys like you know maybe four days we'll
see you guys in about an hour
love you guys peace and we're back a
family we did it we just got done
opening up all our gifts our family just
left I will be honest I kind of wasn't
filling the whole opening up gifts with
family on camera cuz you know I want to
spend some quality time not only with
Ellen Catherine but with other family
that was here and I honestly feel like
nothing beats quality family time I'm
gonna be honest it's very hard Christmas
shopping for my girls and myself because
I feel like we already have enough what
I mean by enough is we have a beautiful
family we're healthy we have a roof over
our head
to me that's all we need but for this
time of the year you know it's more
about giving so we kind of did a little
bit of that and now me Mike we're gonna
show you guys what we got better you
show me what we got all right where
should we begin
honestly I don't even know where to
begin because majority of everything is
for L as you can see let's go fishing
game Joey that would be one of my
favorite game this was this was oh I
just love this game call operation of
you guys are familiar with this one
that's really fun hey Bo's Hungry Hippos
another classic yeah another classic
another game this is super cute
she got this her grandma got her that
because we're gonna be traveling a lot
this year so you know grandma you this
course can't go wrong with more diapers
'wipeys more games she's really really
cool
musical Matt uh-huh you know she loves
dance and she'll still have fun with
that it's a super cool
because she'd get super creative with
that hopefully Ryan could teach her how
to be artistic I got this beautiful lady
so she can do her hair yes yes yes so
when I got this gift that I'm about to
show you guys my thought process was my
beautiful Queen over here can't be the
only woman in the house who cleans right
so of course I had to get my princess a
mini vacuum over to help their very own
cute now she can help you there is like
a little sparkle what else we get here
we also got L a bed for her baby
it was very nurturing as you guys can
see from my previous video yes she is
here's a baby there's like five babies
around here there's another one right
there
there's not father's to shake it L can
hold her that's so cute and to be honest
there's just so many clothes for all
three of us in here that it's just
there's no way we can go through it baby
you gotta show them this show well my
dad got us oh my god guys customized it
to say family on the front and a and
maybe we should come out with those for
emerge she put him on our website shop a
spammy comm link is always the
description yeah so like we said clothes
on top of clothes she needed this very
much and Catherine told me today that
she wanted to keep all of us clothes for
our next one right there family members
or just people in need or go into the
Salvation Army but I was thinking we
have a girl
we're gonna need clothes so I'm gonna
start getting bins and keeping some of
the things good idea that good yes idea
just in case
we have a girl so now I'm not pregnant
no not yet yeah so now Kathy and I are
gonna show you guys something that we do
not need at all for the rest of our
lives but we ended up getting spoiled
anyway so we have to show it to you guys
and here it is more shoes matching shoes
is always and some of these shoes are
limited edition and aren't even out yet
which makes me happy because I love
having things that nobody has these ones
are awesome look at the back yeah those
are crazy these are crazy to me like
these are exclusive these are crazy
these are crazy I can just imagine
they're gonna look awesome my little bro
got me a dope Jersey you know be rockin
I love jerseys maybe we'll come out with
some ace family jerseys too no no no not
not last but not least we had a lot more
 to show she loves this she'd be
closing up the doors like privacy we
also got her a little karaoke machine
you know how crazy L is with her
personality so she'll be singing at a
young age and dancing some music this is
this is bluetooth as well oh oh you got
the technique down okay and this next
gift to me is one of the best gifts
hopefully chef Touche can teach you how
to cook and as you can see is a lot of
pieces I need to be put together and
y'all know I'm good with that so
we're going to hire somebody another
thing I want to touch on is and for
those who don't know this woman right
here she has a hard time spending money
in herself especially if she does not
need it at all and she never feels like
she needs anything that's how she's
always been but I feel like when you
work extremely hard like this one right
here and you're such a good person
and you do things for other people I
feel like every now and then it's good
to reward yourself and I got her
something this year that she would never
get herself and so this year I got her a
few items that like I said she would
never get her so but I felt she deserved
and you want to show you want to show
them better so you got me these two
bracelets and you got me this ring
gorgeous and they're really comfortable
guys you would think that they're like
uncomfortable and you know daddy had to
match my queen like I always do mmm just
a little song song and not to mention I
don't need any Christmas gifts for the
rest of my life because you guys know
that this one right here got me the best
Christmas gift I can ever ask for
you guys sure you know what I'm talking
about it was literally my dream since I
was a little kid if since something I've
always wanted to me it signifies hard
work and motivation literally like it
drives me to wake up every day and work
hard it has such a like impact of my
heart I don't explain it it's a weird
feeling but you guys already know like
that inspires us to get up early and
work like that's what makes us get up
and start our day and like five seconds
goes by we don't even think about it we
just get up right yeah the cars she got
me steel feels like a dream like I'll
walk out in the garage and I look at it
like damn is that really mine I get
inside and it's mine I'm still motivated
like mixing one of Christ in time so
thank you again babe a thank you again
I never thought in a million years never
thought our a family so we're gonna cut
this video short we have a lot of
cleaning up to do we still want to spend
some time with some family and Katherine
and I have decided that we're gonna
continue filming every day for the rest
of December but yeah we enjoy it I'm not
sure if we're gonna continue doing it
every day in 2018 but we're definitely
gonna try but today is the last day that
we'll be giving out $100 so let's get to
it
it's time
so thank you all for tuning in as always
before we close out this video we do
wanna remind you that we will be having
a sale tomorrow in about like a few
hours we're gonna have a sale 20% off of
everything so make sure you join the
family and cop some aged Family Mart you
guys gonna do is go to shop is family
calm yeah it's always in the description
pick your favorite items and take
pictures and Tyga's we want to see
everything yes please do so before we
close out today's video we do have to
give our poll Stone case of shout out /
cash winner today's cash winner is who
so today's cash winner goes to nuf is so
shout out to him nothis yeah you spilled
an egg I've Ivy nothing shoutout to you
bro cash app hundred dollars to novice
you know how about we do it together
like we together you know okay right one
two three good so whoever else like a
pulse if ocation shot out all you got to
do is subscribe to the ACE family turn
on our post notifications and comment
when so obviously if you like this video
you got to give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful queen always sake we'll
be back and more videos well we'll see
you tomorrow yeah we're gonna see
tomorrow again like Ceylon mommies
