someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to believe
hey what's going on everybody
hey Stanley you know how positive and
uplifting we always are but there's no
avoiding my vlogmas
is coming to an end this was a big
challenge this one did it we did it
completed I'm proud of us proud of all
of us I'm proud of you really proud of
you you've been editing every single day
and like he has just been on his
creativeness and he just makes things
happen and it's crazy like I literally
like I look up to you cuz I would she's
my wife and she says she looks up to me
so obviously tomorrow is the last day
but we do have a surprise for all of you
we're gonna save it for tomorrow's video
so you can make sure you watch tomorrow
though I know what this surprises you do
when we talked about it oh yeah right
now no they can wait till tomorrow as a
family we made a decision I was included
it was included well agreed yep so that
liked the idea so make sure you stay
tuned for tomorrow's video because we'll
share all that information with you guys
tomorrow but before we get into today's
video which it will be kind of short
because we have a lot of things to do
like I'm literally like I don't even
know how I'm standing here right now but
before we get into today's video I just
want to show you something okay but
before I show you
so my friend made these for me she's
literally amazing she made else cake for
her first birthday that I absolutely
fell in love with she's super talented
she texts me yesterday she was like hey
do you mind if I come over and drop
something off it didn't expect this this
is amazing dang it that's so dope she's
so talented like this is so cute it's a
nice family sweater though that's
awesome it's amazing look at that ace
that's tight so yeah so we got these so
unexpectedly and I wanted to make sure
that I
eat them so that I could show you guys
in today's vlog but but yeah you guys
are ever interested in someone baking
for you whether it's like cakes cupcakes
cookies if you're looking for anything
baking related in the LA area she
doesn't know that I'm doing this for her
but we will put her link or her
Instagram in our description below ciao
to you Lauren you're amazing you're a
good friend and I hope we get to hang
out more often but yeah this is so sweet
love this wait can I eat one up which
one you told me to wait until we filmed
it I guess you can have one which one
should I have eggs family I think it's
only right I wonder if I'm gonna pick
the one you were gonna pick these only
right if I have this uh I didn't even
think about that one that was cool no
one isn't able to have this one I think
we should keep this as a souvenir the
sweater we're not keeping a cookie the
moment of truth to her baking talent
well we obviously know she's good hey
never judge a book by it's cover that's
true
that's so true excuse me what are you
doing what do you hey what are you doing
the new car huh
goes bad what you posed to get on it
baby who got you that
come baby who got you that baby did
pilot get you that your best friend Oh
baby you love violet uh-huh you playing
with all your toys this morning huh he's
opposed to be your Christmas gifts hi
look oh it's moving it's moving
say bye-bye horsey is that good no boy
hey why are you dressed so cute today
huh why you dressed so cute today you
better not be going on a date what daddy
say if a boy asked you on a date will
you do exactly you say no good hey what
do you do
good job baby good job daddy taught you
well we need to practice if a boy ask
you on a date what do you do glad you
would good practice baby but boy asked
you on a date what do you do you hit him
so what do you say when a boy ask you on
a date
good I've also spoiled that even her
best friend spoils her her best friend
got her a Range Rover if your best
friend I'll get you a new car NHL but
it's really far huh get a job every guys
I was so hype this morning because L
live with mcbroom said my name not dad -
she said Austin hi say it
okay Austin yo you guys don't understand
how happy that makes me that right there
it just makes me feel more of a dad I
don't know why makes me feel so good it
also makes me happy because she said my
name first before Katherine's name she
can't say Catherine is too hard for her
right now watch watch hey I'll say say
yeah
say Catherine now look look at a family
look at a family say Catherine yeah see
she don't know how to say Kappa can we
take a picture together
why you look so beautiful today well you
look beautiful every day but today
you're like hey let's take a picture
ready come on ready 1 2 3
grab-grab was this age so they Stanley
what says Austin and Catherine Merry
Christmas 2017 you're calling oh it's
Santa Claus Santa Claus is calling
answer maybe Santa Claus Oh Sam's gonna
come over you wanna come over yeah she
said yeah say bye he's gonna come over
say bye say bye
okay now you're on the bad list
instantly baby he's gonna come over it's
okay he's gonna come you were giving me
hug goodness you made it so he should be
here a few minutes look outside
here yeah mama come here hurry hurry
hurry
hmm guess who just called guess who's
coming over Claus Santa Claus is coming
early yeah why so early I know he called
it said he called her on face time he
she's mad she's mad cuz she wants to
talk to him okay but listen listen
he called her on FaceTime and supposedly
like she was on a good list to like come
over and visit I hear something I hear
what what the hell what the hell is what
they look like no Slade what dog say hi
Sienna Hey I've been waiting to meet you
all year long hi there
si hi al you want to come to Santa wait
for my bill please
okay what the hell my Oh sis down with
the folks what yeah you know I thought
you wanted to see Santa okay
what Santa what the hell is that oh yeah
my flags on our maintenance for us for
tomorrow's quest so I'm just using my
mind my back up right now she's a she's
called the coolster as you can say you
can fit on that thing oh yeah well you
know what it took me it took me a long
time to uh you know get into belly down
a little bit you know I am old
yo ass the warden progress look at Santa
you get them jaws wrong Steve Mac sonic
gone from journeys Ernie's journey from
all pain guys you know you called it
that belt that bill kind of title l.l.c
what happened what's wrong
we don't want to say this baby you have
to tell what you want for Christmas
let's go sit down this was on the couch
okay let's go let's try to get all
comfortable she has to warm up to you
Santa
yeah you're welcome to sit anywhere as
we can see you don't need any more milk
and cookies so what's and start getting
bold baby you have to cuz Christmas is
tomorrow you to tell them what you want
it oh she don't get anything okay mommy
will sit with you all right
tell her what you want so I think she
was more excited about you when you're
on FaceTime with her I think so kids
generation Bleu today iPad app all right
at least keep saying a hug no you can't
be rude to Santa you want him to call
you on the phone you'll him to call you
on FaceTime okay all right you give her
a call
you want to go outside no she's gonna
still see Santa's go
you do you only come in the house okay
all right okay all right you don't want
Stan to come in no but she's couple with
him on FaceTime hilarious
she doesn't want gifts Santa I'm sorry
all right thank you for coming man I
appreciate you yeah you know I get this
a lot you know I'm not worried about
Austin still come down a chimney I see
y'all have right there yeah obviously
you're still gonna come so I'm gonna
come back oh he's still gonna come Santa
you love you I do love this one she's
been a very good girl here she deserves
it all
thank you saying I say thank you all
right all right
try not to get a flat tire on that thing
yeah with some difficulties there Sam oh
 come on focus is broke you want to
just walk
all right Santa
yeah we're good one oh my beautiful age
family I will see you guys probably next
year because you probably eat me
five o'clock and Maurice oh uh
it's time so thank you all for tuning in
as always oh wait I almost forgot we are
having a huge sale on our merch the day
after Christmas 20% off of everything
the link is always description good job
and we will be having two items upon the
site so don't forget to check it out oh
and another thing
make sure that you guys take a picture
and tag us with whatever you guys got
because we want to see so before we
close out today's video we do have to
give our postal vacation shout out slash
cash winner and today's cash winner guys
tomorrow is the last day that we're
doing this you know don't say that when
you say that today's post certification
shout-out goes to Elizabeth Soria it's a
shout out to you Elizabeth shout to you
girl thank you so much for being a part
of the 8th family and you know we love
you all right okay all right so can I
click pay yes you can so shout to you
Elizabeth the hope you enjoy $100
so whoever else like a pull stumpy cakes
a shout out or have a chance $400 all
you got to do is subscribe to the ACE
family turn on our post notifications in
common win and obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
Queen always say we'll be back with more
videos see you tomorrow and tomorrow
will be the last day to see a snow plan
why more thing before we add you take it
away I'm gonna take it over
so for whoever is watching our videos I
just want to say if you are alone for
whatever reason on the holidays you're
not with your family you couldn't see
your family you don't have family
whatever the case is I just want to say
that we wish you a Merry Christmas and
for real can you just hold the camera
please Casey I just want to say that
like you good okay I just want to say
that five years ago don't make me cry
bro what the hell you about to say you
want to go away you'll have to bring it
back I just want to say that like four
or five years ago
I literally didn't have anyone spend
Christmas with for like years in a row
like I didn't receive Christmas gifts I
did it up and you want to spend time
with you have to make me cry for me over
I know you're gonna take it this far
Jesus all right let's just listen I
gotta stay off the camera he's almost
dark Terry dude like literally like
it don't worry about it like you were
gonna go through this and if you just
pray and you just cry so much if you
just pray and you have faith in God I
promise you that all of your wishes will
come true
and just keep working hard and just know
that eventually it's gonna happen for
you you're gonna have a family or you're
gonna have people in your life that
you're gonna be able to spend time with
and have a wonderful Christmas I know
that the holidays are super tough for
everyone but just know that it's very
possible cuz I know what happened for me
so Jesus I have to do that to me I know
I wasn't planning on crying help guys
I'm not really emotional but all right
guys we will see you guys tomorrow we're
gonna just end it like that you know we
love you guys so much peace
