someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to believe
hey what's going on everybody
so we've been meaning to tell you guys
exactly who TPD our house yesterday we
actually wanted to post a second video
yesterday because we were so eager to
tell you guys thank the man above it
wasn't as severe as we thought actually
ended up being kind of funny and now
that I think about it I should have
known from the very beginning no we had
an idea but we didn't know for sure
because of the cameras we didn't we
couldn't see who it was right I just
thought it was too big guys right right
that's what threw me off was that it was
two guys but I'm not gonna keep you guys
waiting anymore I know you guys want to
know who it is now you know what's funny
is that you guys actually guessed it so
many times in the comment and instead of
just telling you guys who it was he
actually want to come over and talk to
you guys himself and actually I just
want to emphasize on the fact that we
are happy that it was him actually
because because if it wasn't him this
would have been a completely different
story all right y'all ready to see who
it is give this video a thumbs up right
now but before we reveal this person I
just want you guys to know that we love
him very very much all right
TP Baker it was me it was me yes guys of
course it was me that did the
quote-unquote prank and their video you
seen that obviously it wasn't the best
job but really it was just a proof of
point I've been telling it they need to
get a security guard so basically I just
showed them how easy it was to do what I
just did like someone could've come up
really not that easy because y'all ass
got caught on the cameras oh yeah I knew
there was cameras obviously but
obviously they have a baby so it's
harder like people come up you got it
like keep your baby protected obviously
so it's not like they're just like me
you know or Shila like it's not as bad
was another baby they need like a
security guard here so I'm showing them
that now hopefully you'll get one always
F I do need someone patrolling around
but a family just know since he pranked
us you know me and my baby we but I get
his I we came alike we waited it became
like 2:00 in the morning you start about
3:00
when it happened so you were here for a
whole hour of party starters yeah I
think crazy is you wouldn't be gonna
film it at first we were just gonna do
it we're like you know what we're here
like all night so you made a video his
video will be posted before you see this
video so soon as you're done with our
video go watch his video and see how you
tp'ed us guys he's family he's part of
the ACE family so for those who don't
know my brother he does have a YouTube
channel him and his girlfriend it's
called the ALS game game so make sure
you go subscribe this channel go check
out this video and I guess goes on some
love but make sure you stay tuned for us
when we prank his as bat ace family I
just wanna take a moment and Mayer Al's
beauty oh my god so beautiful guys we
got Elsa new earrings for early
Christmas gift they remind me of her
ring I think you're done with the candy
delicious they're good yeah no more
sickness no more sickness yay high five
knuckles you said you did earlier
knuckles here at knuckles baby can you
take a picture for the eighth family
take a picture ready smile on three K
guys get ready to take a screenshot of
ill right now when she smiles ready one
two three smile it's Katherine I didn't
get that picture makes you guys tweet us
right now
and by the way did you guys notice our
new t-shirt uh-huh
with the J's with the ACE and it says
ace
oh speaking of shoes where are you going
now
always with the surprises so I haven't
told my girls yet but we just received a
Christmas gift for my boy major waves he
plugs my family and I with some new
custom shoes are you girls ready to see
your new shoes
hmm I know they're gonna be awesome
because number one there's a family
plastered all over the box let's show
them the soma song yes on the song this
is so dope how you package them this is
for baby this is for my queen and this
for dad dad Dave thirsty you thirsty
you go I'll open up those a custom pair
of louisv air force lit good time on you
know where these oh those are hard I
ain't gonna lie
those are tough yeah those are and
obviously daddy also got a pair mm-hmm
so shout out to you major waves thank
you so much for always keeping my family
lace with heat damn girl you out here
like no other
yeah you don't have any shoes like this
your momma matching you gonna put them
on let's see how you put them on good
job good job
these are so cute those very so they'll
take a picture of your new shoes with
the phone take a picture taking a
picture take a picture of them your
shoes look you're taking a picture of
the shoes look look look she making a
video guys yesterday end up being a
crazy day my brother tea
then we are on our way to finish
Christmas shopping and we ran out of gas
all the way to the mall maybe we were
driving forever for five minutes all of
a sudden the car just stopped and this
has never happened to us before and
we're like oh my god we only have like
two hours to do what we have to do and
so Austin and Ryan ran up to the house
see I walked up to the house we got on
our dirt bikes rode all the way to the
gas station
fill up the tank rolled back to the Jeep
we put a gallon in the Jeep and it still
didn't start ups we had to go back to
the gas station
fill up the tank again fill like giba
finally the Jeep started then they took
the Jeep back to the gas station to fill
it up more Ryan and I took the dirt
bikes back and we finally finished our
night and before this incident you guys
know how much I love these damn dirt
bikes and so I love them even more now
because they really came in the clutch
and you guys know whatever we love we
like to gift so Katherine are thinking
that we should do a giveaway next month
with a brand new dirt bike I'm actually
gonna see if I get you as an orange one
to match a dream what are you gonna
write but then I'm too scared to teach
you because I don't want you to get hurt
guys guys you don't understand like I
don't want Katherine and do anything I
just want her to be because I don't want
her to get hurt
guys do you know how much I do I'm
saying I don't like you to do those
things because I don't want you to get
hurt but recently Katherine has been a
stray Savage I'm not gonna lie like
she's been doing things out of her
element and I write a rollercoaster I
wanna be the very front
I'm not type of person that will do
everything and anything you ask me so
you want me to write each other right
director you down for me to teach you
right now yeah let's go hey family
let's go fly come on fella all right
baby are you serious so which one do you
want to ride the green one hi but you
have to promise me you get the promise
we had to stay on the grass because I'm
already scared right now
that you're trying this no hell no grass
only because baby hold up let's let's
move it to the grass first
Ryan's here to help
beh bear okay wait wait we have to let
her know something this thing is very
like sensitive so even this you go
shooting yesterday this is this is how
you go but yeah I just go very slowly
she said that's it so if you're going
really fast and you're in panic which
you won't be for the moment that
happened to you can you click this
button
Killswitch oh never forget the kill
switch well we'll get the rest of it
when we get over to the grass all right
oh hello don't stay right there do not
do anything I gotta move these brick
Catherine seriously like like in all
seriousness like keep in mind that
Killswitch because that is what's gonna
like turn off the bike right away he's
family I am more nervous than you guys
can see I think you guys are making it
sound like we just know that it could be
difficult for some people right right
yes all right so let me start for you
barely barely do that - practice
practice
that's way too fast yeah yeah that's too
fast
either barely glide like that but that's
already too fast a little bit kick this
down oh my gosh I'm scared okay good
good okay okay
are you okay
wait walk it off walk it off walk it off
walk it off walk it off okay jump jump a
little bit jump low I gotta make sure
all your bones are working you sure
Batman don't scare me like that
you want to go again she wants to go
some more she's upset barely barely
barely kill switch kill switch switch
switch I'm telling you my heart is
thumping so bad right now
there you go even like that leave like
that don't you go faster good good good
good barely barely good good good Ernie
good good
okay I think she's ready for it for her
own little roundabout I think she's
ready no training wheels
okay are you ready to take our training
wheels
she needs a rat gang helmet first I'll
be right back
I'm killing the switch I'll trust you
because that's the original helmet right
there it's gonna stick on a hair sorry
I'm marrying Katherine do such a rat
gang activity baby calm that ass like I
said light light light light light water
the daylight light okay
act like you jiggling my balls or
something like we don't barely barely
tap okay okay wait go to the tree turn
around and come back so when you turn
barely do it barely pair all right ace
family are you guys ready if you guys
believe in my coin like I do give her a
thumbs up right
the flag good good good okay it's time
so thank you all for tuning in as always
I still cannot believe that my bed bag
got on the dirt bike yeah I can't
believe she almost gave me a damn heart
attack I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna
do it on the street next time because I
feel like the grass is actually harder
oh hell no I can't believe that vlog
miss is almost over guys two more days
two days left of love means comment
below you guys think that we should do
blog blog miss all the way until the end
of December I feel like people think
that our videos posting every day
haven't been as good or like to what
they think that we should be posting but
one thing I do want to say is to post
every single day you have to be
extremely creative and you have to be
able to think on your feet and think on
your toes and act upon it and so with
that being said like I just want to say
like not everybody can do this it's
really difficult and for us to be able
to do this this month has been so fun so
chill just literally us just being us we
appreciate every single person who's
been watching us and who has appreciated
the content that we've been
but I do want to say that for 2018 we
have so much plan there's just so much
that we're gonna do we're going to be
doing a lot of traveling we have a lot
of projects that we want to work on that
we're actually starting to work on now
we have a lot of goals that we have
excited they want to do 2018 is gonna be
huge for us if you want to continue
watching us on our journey you're
welcome to watch us but just know that
not every single video is gonna be like
the best video you've ever seen like it
just doesn't work like that like we have
days where we're just chilling in her
house and we make content for you guys
it's like do you guys have an exciting
day every single day of your life like
it's just literally it's just us of just
being creative and thinking of ways to
make you smile thinking of ways to
entertain you and then that's what we're
doing so I just wanted to explain that
really well because I feel like people
feel like we're slack e they're talking
negative like that they're obviously not
a part of the 8th family no I know it's
just random people that are coming on to
our channel mean I don't care just
saying like people have been saying
things for the past year and like
obviously we don't listen to anything
I'm just saying like for vlogmas we've
been posting every single day we've been
waking up every single morning at 7 a.m.
we have a baby so it's not like we could
just get ready and start going like I
have to make sure that my daughter's fed
she's clothes you bathe she's ready to
start her day and then we get to film so
just keep that in mind when you see our
videos don't think that we just like get
a camera on film 20 minutes of our day
it doesn't work like that it takes about
7 to 8 hours to produce a video meaning
get up film editing process it hosted
and then and then we start you know the
rest of our day and the rest of our day
includes a lot more than just what you
see so just keep that in mind we have a
lot of things going on in our lives it's
not it's not just the vlogs but I will
say that blog miss made me realize that
it's possible for us to post every day
because before we would post like every
other day sometimes miss two days
sometimes post five days straight but
this month actually made me realize that
we can do it yeah I commissioned before
we would film throughout the day edit it
and then get it up the same right now
this is the same
we're about to edit once this is done
post it so with that being said like
we're probably not gonna be doing that
every day we're probably gonna be what
we're gonna be doing is we're gonna take
like a day or two off and then we'll
film a video post at the next day and
then just be ahead of time basically not
like actually film and post the same day
because I feel like that's just too much
yeah that's hard to do every single day
we've obviously did it for a month but
it's not easy
so look guys we got more coming so if
you part of the ace family just stay
tuned so with all that being said it's
time to give our pulse implication
shoutout slash cash winner and today's
cash winner is today's shut up and cash
winner goes to Bristol Waldorf to you
girl thank you so much for being part of
a family we love you all where's my
fault let's pull up this cash out mm-hmm
send this $100 by so fast guys block
miss went by so fast like we literally
just got in Christmas shopping last
night actually we still have the
Christmas shop tonight yeah Christmasy
was tomorrow yeah just wait till
Christmas
both her and L already got early
Christmas gifts want me too me too
that's why we got early Christmas gets
good B I did the Christmas get the og
yeah guys all I ever wanted for this
Christmas and the rest of my life of
Christmases was my lambo and I got that
so I'm content I'm the happiest person
in the world every day of my life from
here on you got it
what's crazy is we haven't been able to
drive our car and like oh it's been a
while all right guys it's time to click
pay all right girl you just received
$100 whoever else like a pulse
invocation shout out or have a chance to
100 hours all you got to do is subscribe
to the eggs family turn on our pulse
notifications and comment when dying
obviously if you like this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up give it a
thumbs up for my baby for being a
straight savage today so like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful
Queen always say we Backman more videos
see you tomorrow peace
