someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to be sure you
have to go home homework oh here's my
stuff but before I go thank you I hope
you enjoy your buddy you shouldn't have
see you next week all right I'll call
you later
oh wait no way you did not get me this
what is it turn on it
can help you this is a real size one
what's going on kid
well you like my car really it's a real
size the one that one's nice too I know
my friend my friend spike gave it to me
really
have you ever driven one of these no
never have J one of these before that
yeah pretty fast
um you like to drive one
you know what matter of fact there's an
early Christmas gift shit okay sure I
should have the crazy dream but what
just never oh well no no I had a crazy
dream bro what bro you don't want to
know I had a dream that the ragging took
the jumper and put it in the pool yeah
bro you up yeah bro I just had the
craziest dream I had a dream that the
racking put this entire jumper in the
pool let's do it
hey what's going on everybody so I
literally just had the craziest dream I
had a dream now we put this entire
jumper in the pool I don't even know if
that's possible but we're gonna try it
today if you're hyped just so much as I
am give this video a thumbs up right now
I'm thinking that we're gonna have to
deflate it first and bring it outside
right keep all the balls inside I'll
secure it out there
hi uh-huh we're flexing on Santa that's
what we're doing
so pretty much we decided that we are
going to take this jumper blow it up
outside and put it in the pool can you
at least record can you record us can
you lease film us okay
all right family it's time to take it
outside I don't know we could do a
balcony all right this is how ladies the
ranking is instead of taking all a
downstairs
oh my stead of taking it all a
downstairs I'm just gonna throw off the
balcony much easier innovation great we
do at same time because ya want to go
flat like knock to go flat right now
there's a huge gut underneath the thing
all right over this thing all right so
we're gonna get it over and just don't
throw it flat okay ready one two three
oh shit no no no wait wait wait wait
wait wait don't throw it flat don't
throw it down throw it flat so just so
we're gonna just throw it out to the
pool ready one two three
what the hell guys guys bring it back
idiots better drop oh my god you idiots
alright urn let's go down I know a lot
of you guys are probably wondering how
the hell we're gonna blow this up and
have it in the pool a lot of you guys
are also quite wondering that we have to
plug it in order for it to be blown up
which you're right and that is why we
have a hundred-foot indoor/outdoor
extension cord looks and sounds
dangerous that's why you're gonna have
to be holding the generator on an evil
so there's a drop in there exactly
that's very cool we don't you have a big
part in this baby even though you're not
a part you are a part because you'll
make sure that we don't get electrocuted
so what'd you call us a disclaimer or
warning I just don't think it's a good
idea at all true what would you call it
a disclaimer or warning that for whoever
is watching this video do not try this
at home
I think it says everything caution it's
favor of warning whatever you want to
call this all of you guys see what have
to do with everyday we should do no no
no much do we should blow it up here
it's you the bomb you genius
give me love off chess ball okay see I'm
saying we blow it out we're trifecta
trifecta ten Boom come on come on I
checked up back in one two three four so
back to what I was saying we're gonna go
ahead and blow it up here so just in
case we blow it up the balls go
everywhere we don't even go in the pool
so I blow it up here once it's up we're
gonna move it to the pool one two three
I think gotta lock up court oh my what
why good the wrong thing
we have taken cool of Dibble problems
here who died now and it was you guys
mister always later going is going on a
new short sad you know what guys we got
the wrong outlet we have to go back to
home people get the correct cord so
we're able to reach the jumper into the
pool our ace family we just got back
home people and we got the proper core
this time and it does reach only to the
pool shout out to my girl Melissa over
at home people she hooked us up thank
you girl so now it's time for us to move
the jumper into the pool hey family this
right here is the most important thing
in today's video you know why because
this is what can hurt us and this is
what can save us so we have to make sure
this is out of the water guys we studied
this we went to school for chemistry we
know we're doing we know keep watching
I can't believe this but so you all know
when it comes to ratchet activity you
know who's running the game rat game you
all know when it comes to ratchet
activity
you already know who's doing it right
all right he's family you all should
already know what's about to happen next
but first before we do so I think we all
need a pair of shorts for this next
thing are you all ready one two just so
you guys know this pool is absolutely
freezing I'll talk about 50 below zero
so the goal so the ghost of the pro pro
girlfriend the goal is to jump in the
jumper obviously without getting wet
the other goal is to jump in the jumper
with someone else holding the
electricity so we don't get hurt guys
this may look dumb but in the game so
who would like to go first
whoever haha whoever wins the ball of
him yeah this is the one it doesn't have
to go already
Rock Paper Scissors shoot shoot honestly
honestly I don't think all of us can get
in there because I shouldn't really like
the flake
I say quick eye ranking this might be
the dumbest shit we've ever done in life
amen
God is watching over us right now he's
saying guys as long as you're smart
everything has to be just fine
just believe in me and I'll take care of
you guys Jesus name we pray amen
do let go like there we go now we're
thinking with our brains
alright so now you're holding us for
daddy hold this for daddy cuz I'm gonna
really show you how to jump in this
bouquet hey what do they do with the
track a little uh a little jump uh yeah
I wrote out the hurdle jump like this
yeah hold that for daddy what about your
shoes
bullies look fear God I gotta keep mom
don't lie your lectures your toes all
right okay time walls are pretty you say
legit right now let's go let's go
alright now let's trace guys we've known
choice as a third grade it's right here
defines our relationship that's good I
like that
ok like that yeah I mean you guys that's
not the same barely each other anyways I
think that defining for you let's just
all right let's go you gotta get your
alright family we're gonna have
Katherine jump in it today but it's a
little too risky and a little too
dangerous for my queen we're not gonna
make her do it today but if you want to
see Katherine do it in the future give
this video a thumbs up right now
obviously the more thumbs up the better
chance she's gonna jump in did that make
sense better
yeah I know a lot of you guys are
probably saying that this is messed up
cuz it L toy but we have more of them so
no
it's any skill tre alright a family we
cannot in today's video without somebody
jumping in the water
so what we have decided was we're gonna
rock paper scissors like last time
whoever loses at the end whoever does it
win at all has to slide down into the
water
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
let's go and honestly it was probably
colder when I did it cuz it was colder
out doesn't mean anything
climate change on the count of three one
two three
- great Travie alright coming
alright hey Stan we got a free would
close off this because it's about to
rain that can get dangerous thought you
guys had told me my point do we go we
say we say no more there no no you guys
got to what my queen say we'll say it's
time ready 1 2 3
it's our answer me thank you for tuning
in as always be fully filled on today's
video we do at the Nelson pulse in the
case of shadow slash cash winner and
today's cash winner is Amanda Anderson
shell to you girl thank you so much for
being a part of a scam you whoever it's
not a part of the ACA I mean you're
still watching this video make sure you
subscribe and I'm sorry girl I do not
have my phone at the moment hopefully
it's not in the pool but when this video
is done I promise you I'm gonna find my
phone it's in one hundred dollars girl
just trust me whoever else like a
posting catch a shout-out all you're
gonna do is subscribe today's family
turn on our post notifications and
comment when done and obviously if you
like this video you gotta give it thumbs
up like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my rat gang and my beautiful
plane that's behind the camera always
safe we'll be back with more videos Hey
hey wait I'm gonna jump into a closeout
it's all they ever get the better angle
B angle get the good angle
