someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe hey
what's going on everybody so today is a
sad day but it has to happen both
Kathryn and I know at the end of the day
it's going to be worth it so were you
guys able to figure out what we're doing
today if so comment below
so yesterday Kathryn I did all this
running around we were trying to find a
u-haul truck that didn't work out so we
had to get a trailer and a truck and we
had to bring it all the way to the house
because we are turning for those who
don't know who Patti is Patti's our golf
court that we've had for we haven't been
using her because she kind of died what
I mean by died she's gotten a flat tire
she's kind of dirty
basically we haven't taken care of her
ever since we moved to our new house and
we feel really badly about it so we're
gonna show you guys right now exactly
what happened to come come come so we're
first gonna start out by showing you
guys the front as you can see a lot of
birds a lot of bugs a lot of just shit
all over that the obvious a paint ball
dispersed or dust just everything dust
has accumulated over time her carpet is
deteriorating right there shit you got
leaves on top of leave her engine is
getting old it's also deteriorating her
receipt is still in here oh um her back
seat is actually looking pretty good
their back seats okay as you can see no
one sits back there roof is coming down
more paint
she's rusting she's rusty good dammit
and the saddest thing of all her ankle
broke she has a flat and it's just not a
normal flat it's pretty bad as you can
see the rim is touching the concrete oh
shit patty was let go
and today's a sad day because we have to
really let her go and we have to revamp
her all right ace then we're gonna talk
more about Patti when we get to her
destination as of right now our biggest
concern our main concern is getting
Patti up on this trailer cause she heavy
as Hill and good thing I got my ranking
behind the woods that then you hit the
heart with Oh what want to make the ramp
yes yes
there's no way rolling this big ways
right how much this way 1,500 pounds 15
okay Patti weighs 1,500 pounds you're
telling me a skinny little board is
gonna hold her up ya know if you wanted
a strong man if you're a part of the Rat
King you know you're capable of doing
anything you're not further EXCI am I
gonna get a hernia bro off of this this
thing's not good no look just try it
please try it no strategic that was dumb
signing a family like I always say if
you believe in us give this video a
thumbs up right now we're gonna get
Patti's 1,500 pounds up on this trailer
she don't get fixed to deck yeah we
should use those boards right there I
think those will work because it's not
like they're gonna be on the boards for
too long they're just gonna go straight
up we need to win natural wood or an
actual deal yeah the one we use for the
hearts
yeah great the last two exact like this
yeah it's right there right there right
there
oh my god idea that was right there we
do need to do two boards won't breach
side all right together or we can get
two rocks you see how it went up a
little bit but not quite
yeah on the ledge so we get two rocks
put them on the rocks first and then do
the same thing and put it on the ledge
you don't try and say so you lift the
will on a shorter rock and then you lift
it from the rock on to the ledge so
there's one side yeah that's good okay
gotta put it more like down bro telling
you this just got a snap Howdy's chunky
as hell she's more dead than we think
she doesn't have juice to turn her on
coz a CIA spy wondering why we're not
starting it up and putting her on but
but she just dead like completely just
r.i.p yeah she's in a coma right now
we're trying to revive her so what I'm
thinking is we've got to give it one
more go we're gonna all be in or just
we're not in okay we got to give it our
all
so people can't be in and one person can
be you're right we all gotta be all in
ranking are we all in are we all not in
okay don't look at me like that so we're
gonna try to give you go one more time
today he's gonna be a very sad day you
know why because patty is dead and we
were gonna save her today but today we
couldn't even save her so she's what
would you call that beyond dead she's
already in the afterlife like so this is
her only hope right here if this is a
work I don't even know to say alright
family this is our only hope guys ready
we have to get a running start let's
back it up one two three
shit it's a lot harder than we thought
a family if we had all of you 3 million
plus of you helping us this will be a
lot easier
come on guys just get mad so to begin
with let's just see we can even lift the
backside it cuz then that's gonna be
pointless won't even lift this okay
just even see we can even lift it so how
okay so we just kind of get up off the
ground like there just try and get off
the ground we try to get it up like
right here No yeah one weight give your
all those guys like squats I want to get
it to three oh yeah we got that
we got that baby right no we got that
baby right no like not even in it it
went negative
yeah just call a tow truck
that's we should do yeah because they
have like the thing in a whim and then
we mr. John Doe gonna have to call a tow
truck
yeah triple-a you got it guys well we
whoever we're by play game whoever
scores first the other person has to
jump in the freezing cold pool butt
naked butt naked
oh wait guys guys guys guys calm down
calm down calm down
what is it just order I just open it
first because I what you guys order is
my daily marriage just why what a spam
you guys or a snail emerge yeah but you
guys get what you guys get I mean we got
like you know sweaters what some of the
stuffs not even out yet how'd you get
this at all
show me that's not even out yet oh we
can't even show them that we can't even
show them that we can't even show them
that guy that's not even out yes I even
Elias coming out very soon it's coming
out very soon which one is that there's
a ninja turtle one rule bro that's these
are not even out yet
gluten how'd you guys how'd you get on
where'd you order them from we got a
code you gotta connect no furrow
where'd you order them from shop a STEMI
comm link is always in the description
of baby really yeah dad that's not even
out yet either it's a pink one not my
beautiful princess right there Dairy
damn what else you guys got here okay oh
I was dope what is that today so know
what Rita can you read it leave well
this is kind of like that as this
accessibility faith love unity the a
family wow that would brand these aren't
even out yet guys don't you know we
should be showing this today's family
which one is this
oh don't tell me don't tell me it's that
Christmas one oh don't tell me it's that
one don't tell me it's the one
Lexx in Santa you guys order a lot of
stuff man what else is here how did they
get this before us guys all I gotta say
is win this new merch drops you guys
better get it for ourselves oh that's
all I gotta say you know where to find
it shop ace family comm link is always
in the description this is lit the ace
family Godfather theme taking my merge
girl go baby model it off that's tight
that's tight guys here the tow truck
guys the tow trucks here the tow trucks
you ever Patti oh my gosh this is really
happening
we have to say bye to Patti so this
attempt was a fail and this is a
professional attempt right here this is
the real deal I don't know what the hell
we were thinking fellas
I'm sorry I'm sorry mr. EU oh my god how
easy this was oh my gosh this is really
happening guys all right family come
here get together everyone say bye to
Patti cook we're sorry we mistreated you
but you will be better soon we're gonna
take you and get you fixed up in a few
weeks you'll be back better than ever a
few weeks so I think a few weeks for her
to get back right that's right Patti
just trust the process you'll be back
home very soon we love you
I'll say bye they say my baby
what gosh can't believe this really
happened but she'll be back soon
yes she will if I tried bro I try
grabbing him I know
were you guys escorting her were you
guys escorting her just completely it's
very hard not to be emotional right now
guys so now right now I'm about to come
on boy Jonathan over at platinum he's
one who works on all my cars I'm gonna
let him know that Patti should be there
very soon and he needs to take care of
her he needs to that's calling let's
call it give him a call
bro
so paddy just got picked up in it in a
tow truck and she's on her way to you
guys right now she should be there
within the next hour please take care of
her she's really beat up right now so
please take care of her okay bro you got
a surprise okay so when do you think we
can pick her up how long you think it's
gonna take after Christmas okay so it's
gonna be a little nice little I like to
like to hear that little New Year's gift
I like to hear that okay because I'm
really emotional right now so hopefully
you can come cheer me up when I see her
next time I see her
thank you I'll talk to you a little bit
all right guys so now we have to take
this u-haul truck and this trailer back
to where we got it yesterday and wait
what you guys doing we're going with you
on the dirt bikes so crazy wait let me
get this straight you guys are going on
the dirt bikes yes we are precisely on
three one two three okay so let me get
this straight I'm kind of confused right
now so I'm gonna drive the truck and you
guys are gonna sit back here on the dirt
bikes and you're gonna get off and ride
oh my god this is crazy okay okay be
careful be careful these dudes are for
real crazy look at them
oh we go down the hill oh oh oh
racket shenanigans reckon oh wow
everybody oh no you guys are crazy
you're gonna follow us all in there
alright guys we're back in the same spot
as we were yesterday we just dropped off
the u-haul truck never even used it and
now now we're here with Shelby I'm not
sure what the arty gang is that they
should have been here by now they should
have met us here but they on the dirt
bike so it may take them a while we may
see them on the way back all right
family so we just go back to the house I
don't know where our tea gang is at they
got lost somewhere and you guys know how
sad we were earlier but I just received
a text from Johnathan over at platinum
and he said that Patti made it she is
now safe here goes a picture of her so
I'm gonna take my boy Johnson's word he
said that she's gonna be ready to go and
back on the road sometime after
Christmas so I'm excited for that you
guys got a stay tuned all right I think
it's time to close out today's video we
do have to get it up in time for you
guys to see just so you guys know we
film edit post same day so everything
you guys see is real time you'll
literally see us out at the mall or see
his garden food in the same outfits that
we wear in our video people don't know
how hard that is we wake up early as
hell film throughout the whole day takes
a few hours to edit we get it up for you
guys to see and not to mention you guys
already notice we edit the videos
ourselves so it is a lot harder than
people think but we try and we almost
have four million A's family can we hit
four million by Christmas well I don't
know that's a challenge but I'm all
about challenges I'm ready to accept
that challenge as family we strong
enough we can do it let's do it wait do
I hear the boys
do I hear the boys the boys made it back
ah
shits frickin blah more it's time so
before we close out today's video do not
forget guys that these new ace family
tees will be up on the website very soon
not only do we have this one but we also
have something that one baby this one's
really cute as you can see inspired by a
ninja turtles there's also a black one
just like this one and the material is
amazing I love it don't forget to show
them that one oh my gosh in this one
guys
probably my favorite so stay tuned for
all those new tees they'll be coming out
very soon like I said makes you check
the website daily because we drop new
items every day all you got to do is go
to shop a semi comm link is always in
the description so thank you all for
tuning in as always before we close out
today's video we do have to give our
post on vacation shadow slash cash
winners
so today's cash winner is is Adriana
into rap so shout out to you Adriana
so sharks you girl thank you so much for
being part of a family we love you all
right girl we about to sing 100 hours
real quick mmm-hmm honey Dollaz click
pay we need that email Bennet and we're
gonna do it quick cuz our battery is
actually dying it is we in a rush come
on baby filming today go quickly quickl
quickly pay today hey and tada whoever
else like a pulse no indication shout
out or have a chance 100 all you gotta
do is subscribe to the eggs family turn
on our pulse notifications and once you
do that just comment when okay we gotta
hurry up times on myself and obviously
if you liked this video you got to give
it a thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
clean always sick we'll be back with
more videos see you tomorrow
