someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to believe
you're gonna feed them huh
we're gonna feed them
oh no I hear the food right here here it
is here yeah good to open that ok ok we
have to feed i co k grab a cuff you okay
grab a few you got something good job
baby
here grab some more only a few okay you
don't want to feed them too I said a few
baby it's okay though it's okay you give
him so much food gonna have to get a
treadmill we're gonna have to put it min
each water treadmill in there his back
okay thank you
Wow I'm proud of you baby you really
want a dog you proven to mommy and I
that you want a dog let's eat okay
besito if you want a dog hey it's time
to eat breakfast Oh
what do you think about the food
delicious delicious hungry wait I
thought that was it brought some mold to
the table some more Jesus Hayes family
chef - Shay's taking a picture of her
masterpiece right now a family if you
looking for a chef or someone to make
milk reps for you I suggest you DM chef
Touche I'm gonna put her Instagram down
in description just slide on her deems
and tell it what you want she don't make
it so all of you go to her Instagram and
rate this meal right now one through ten
rate it time what you think going her
Instagram page she just post a picture
go now now now now why are you bringing
the fish to the table like I took your
spot for today ah baby can you ask them
if you want some
Hulse please tray right l can you please
ask Ike if you wants a waffle ask him
please does he does he want a waffle he
wants a waffle oh he wants a fry no
don't give him the fry though you use
it's for you hey what's going on
everybody so we are currently at a
u-haul place about to rent a u-haul
truck for tomorrow's video so we don't
want to tell you all just yet but we are
kind of sad and it does have to happen
so you guys got to wait and find out
what it is if you guys think you know
what it's for comment below so Babette
what size do you think we need
we definitely need like a medium size
you hope not a big one not a small one
way too small that one's too small no I
think this one's perfect
why it doesn't need to be that high up
now this one's good that's all right
here yeah it looks too small you think
just to be safe alright guys so we're
about to look inside this u-haul truck
and make sure it's a good size for what
we need a little small
alright guys to change the plans my man
over here moving suggest an idea for us
we're gonna try this out all right so
we're gonna come to another u-haul spot
to get something different that's gonna
work even better and supposing my man
right here he's helping me out he said
that this should work better than what
we had planned so we got to find out all
right guys so we just got home and it
took a lot longer than we expected
apparently since it's the holidays
everyone's like renting out trucks and
trailers and stuff for like Christmas
trees so we had to go like on the other
side of town to go pick up this trailer
so what we had planned for today we're
gonna sail for tomorrow's video so it
makes you guys stay tuned for that
and right now we have to pick up our
leftover gingerbread house from
yesterday for those who watch their
video from yesterday
you know exactly what happened I'm not
gonna lie I kind of feel bad it took us
so long and this is what we did to it it
almost seemed like it rained on it but I
think it was just a sprinkler taste it
seems still good oh my god I'm not sure
I'll do it here you're gonna taste it
tastes like a cardboard box all right so
are you okay I think a bird on it
all right family you guys know that
Katherine I listen to everything you
guys say and you guys request is for
everyone in the house I'm talking about
everyone grandma chef Touche Trey Ryan
everyone to go down the stairs on ales
mattress they have to experience what
Catherine I experienced the other day if
you don't know we're talking about roll
the clip so you guys requested for
everyone I'm talking about everyone
including grandma to go down the stairs
on Elle's mattress not you all right
chef Touche
the A's family the ACM requested a you
go down the stairs on ales mattress as
well okay okay that would be after I fix
everything okay
lemon raspberry blueberries cupcakes
with some gluten-free chocolate pretzels
on top and then also for lunch we have
some gluten-free turkey sandwiches
coming up with spinach bell pepper and
American cheese and also for dinner just
thank you actually stay tuned okay
you're not sure just yet
tre were you at a brawl the ACM
requested that you go down the stairs on
ales mattress grandma so how many likes
does the ACE family have to give you in
order for you to do it it doesn't make
any difference
no not even a million likes well what if
you wear the helmet no the bull helmet
all right guys let's get Elle's mattress
alright guys the guy owes mattress let's
put it right here alright so who's going
first
you go first bro you need a helmet are
you good this is trace point of your
eyes all right so before you go you want
to plug the merch shop a spammy comm
link is always all right bro whenever
you're ready
hold on typo pro pro you next you next
to che you ready
so I'm gonna give you some advice just
go straight down it don't try to hold on
to the rails could you hold on to the
road you're gonna hurt your arm so just
let go we just gotta just trust give her
a little boost Trey oh she got it she
got it bro
so supposably catherine said we should
take this off because this is what's
making a slide off so now let's try it
I'm definitely gonna zoom in on that all
right so take two we took this off and
now it should work
good all right family almost everyone in
the house did what you guys requested we
had someone who was Ryan isn't here
today but when he comes we'll make sure
he definitely does it sure you guys know
by now Kathryn and I read all your
guys's comments oh we see everything you
guys say and you guys request that we go
down the stairs on Theodore a life-sized
teddy bear we're gonna use him as a ride
to go down the stairs beby you going
first I'm the guinea pig today down
hopefully he slides let's see
yo can't believe marry a cm I can't
believe you guys requested for us to do
this this is dangerous
all I gotta say is what was watching
this don't try this at home like Dwight
right on his neck I think that's perfect
yeah I think that's perfect yeah put it
put his hand up his arm oh yeah there it
is like this just like that wags - those
do you I hope you legs about you found
always smart
anyways no no no you do to balance it
out you do all right let's go test it
you're right his arms sea legs
I think his legs a little more weight on
him he should slide out faster all right
has anyone ever made a life-size timbira
to a slide oh my god nobody no clean
let's get you next go hey Stephanie
give this video a thumbs up right now I
think we convinced Katherine grandma
please take help away from the scene all
right baby I got you let's get it baby
our baby you know we got to do it the
ACM request here we go you ready put
your seat belt on let me uh you pull
this down just a little bit try hold his
ears to make sure she all fly down all
right baby you ready you good
I love you all right do you think baby
you can't launch the thing you're gonna
hurt your arm I love you so much
she took care of me and my queen I could
never thank you enough
it's time so thank you all for tuning in
as always and you must show my queen
some love because today she was us proud
of you baby
so before we close up today's video we
just want to say that we had an amazing
time with our aids family sleepover
winners they were so amazing they were
nice they were really appreciative we
wish that they had to stay longer but
obviously we all have work we all have
things to do they truly are now a part
of the family so we'll be singing them
again very soon and just like we told
you guys before we are doing two more
sleepovers
January and what in February so all you
have to do is comment show some love and
you never know you might be the next
face family sleepover winner so before
we close out today's video we do have to
give our pulse in the case of shout out
slash cash winner whoa
so today's cash winner today's posted a
vacation shout out and 100 dollars goes
to Brian Garcia shoutout to you Brian
thank you so much for being a part of a
family we love you bro yeah god damn it
we typing in my password cash app mm-hmm
100 dollars to my boy Brian click pay
I need that email baby oh you got it it
was quick click pay like I always do tah
dah whoever else like a pulse indication
shout-out or have a chance to 100 all
you're gonna do is subscribe to the ATM
to click that red button right turn on
our post on vacations which is that Bell
button and once you do those things all
you gotta do is comment and done and
obviously if you liked this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up guys you give
it a thumbs up for me no not really for
you for me okay for you too but really
give it a thumbs up for Grandma because
I think cuz I think honestly if we can
get a lot of thumbs up I think we can
get her to do it so like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen always safe we'll be
back with more videos peace Oh
