someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe hey
so today we'll be building a humongous
gingerbread house and as you can see
behind me I have a team with us today
state your name and your greatest
strength Ryan and I love gingerbread
good character Trey you know Chris likes
Katherine and I'm good at interior
design Amanda and I'm good at
construction James and I'm quick Wanda
and Cameron we're good at landscaping
and daddy I'm patient so as you can see
we have 50 boxes of gingerbread kits all
right we also have the foundation which
we'll be building on right here on this
cardboard box we also have super glue
which will help hold everything together
which means this will not be edible I'm
sorry guys I know you guys are hungry
ourselves can one of you please open up
one of these boxes and show the ACE
family what's inside let's see what
we're working with a lot thicker than I
thought here's the actual gingerbread
okay okay so I'm not sure if you guys
can see but this gingerbread house has a
foundation underneath which we do and
unlike us they just have one and we have
50 so you guys can probably already
assume how big it will be hold it
together mm-hmm
okay we have so the icing our icing will
be the super glue okay little gummy is
cool these things these things and icing
more decoration decoration perfect if
you all believe in us if you feel like
we're gonna accomplish this goal give
this video a thumbs up right now and if
you don't give this video a thumbs up
then I know you don't believe in us and
that's just not cool
so so far we open up all of the
gingerbread boxes and we're placing each
item together so it's easy to start
making great job guys wait excuse me
where are you going honey why are you
trying to escape
huh you trying to get out you don't want
to be a part of this okay you do okay
yes come back so let's get all the
pieces we still got some pieces left
over let's put all the pieces over here
true so we got to put everything off to
the side so we can start building so
we're sitting here discussing how we're
gonna do this because we don't know what
the hell we're doing
and to be honest we're not any
architects here so we're trying to
brainstorm very last minute and we only
have a few hours to do so so we're gonna
get back to you guys in a few all right
guys I think we figured it out and now
it's time to start building all right so
is everyone ready to start building
progress is happening right now you do
have the walls up Ryan just discovered
he can make a room as my room we
probably did this about 30 minutes so we
can have to speed up the process because
this may take us literally all day
I'll lab he finally figured it out y'all
good job baby I'm proud of you you're
doing a great job mama
I'm very proud of you you doing good
okay thank you you're really helping a
lot you know you've been doing that one
brick for about two hours now I'm proud
of you all right guys it's coming
together kind of nice so the walls are
all up now as you can see now what guys
has this ever been done before please
comment below if this has ever been done
before because this is hard that looks
and we have a football team here to help
us how many people we have six people
hang with seven people with the babies
and come to find out the frostings
working way better than the glue all
right guys someone be honest with you we
had to make some adjustments here
because it didn't go as planned
but we're almost done we're almost there
oh my gosh you guys are love bugs be
careful now ace family all I got to say
is please do not judge us which really
worked hard on this you know it's our
first time we made mistakes with trial
and error
today exactly we had to get it done in a
timely manner you guys to see it and for
us to upload it today are you guys ready
here we go all right family are you
ready for us to reveal that ginormous
gingerbread house if you're ready give
this video a thumbs up right now you
think they're ready
I'll think they're ready think they're
ready you think they're ready Lou for
the rest of my life I think they're
ready
I think the ready you think they're
ready you think they're ready you think
they're ready oh they're not ready
tah-dah I would hit y'all asses with a
montage but I can only show you all this
part okay so welcome to the eighth
family gingerbread house I will be
honest guys this is the only side you
can see we're only satisfied with this
side so I can show you the roof as you
can see here we have candies along the
snow mm-hmm we have these little turd
bits right here coming across
we got the peppermint balls yes we do
we have the cookie crabs right here what
do you guys think what do you guys think
ace family be honest this looks legit
right this looks legit Oh a kissing baby
just walked by then we have the huge
Christmas tree behind it it makes it
even look smaller than actually looks
but it's pretty big I think L lively can
fit inside here guys it's falling apart
I have to think about keeping my
employees or not you guys might be fired
you're lying I did it all alright so in
your honest opinion how do you think
this process went I took a little bit
too long for my okay it was nice perfect
and your honest opinion what do you
think in your opinion what do you think
very charged inside yeah oh my god how
do you think a way how do you think I
went that side the best side okay my
baby's been clean ever since we started
how do you think about how you think
this way and what they don't know is
that we ended up having to do something
different to our architecture I'm sure
you guys witnessed what's underneath
it's no secret it's no secret but we
tried okay tell me well since its kind
of trashy bro it's is trash okay okay
let's hello see oh it's kind of trash
yes it is it is we a do something about
it in the backyard what are we gonna do
I just I know let's tease him back here
let's go I need all my audience to come
over here all my audience to come right
over here all right guys we're about to
do a little bit of rat gang activity
right now as you can see we got the
exclusive ramp and we got the
gingerbread house right here we're gonna
jump we're gonna try to jump over the
gingerbread house but it's looking like
we might jump into it well what do you
think how you think this is gonna go
hell she's laughing at it she says not
gonna work reggae let's go reggae
I hear uni the ranking help me hold up
so I'll need that yes you do I don't
need it you do it let's go here here
here how's that look on camera guys
finish it off brother
racket let's do it alright guys so
Ryan's gonna try to jump over the
gingerbread house now let's see if he
can accomplish this rat gang brother
hey put them up reggae reggae reggae
reggae reggae reggae let's go you
cleared it you cleared it what you say
who's talking that ish guys for those
who don't know what Rat King stands for
it stands for Ryan
Austin Trey and what we do is a lot of
ratchet activity as you can see our gang
sounds too pretty rat gang sounds more
gangster it's time thank you all for
tuning in as always we did have to end
this video kind of short today because
we did one spend time with our guests
before they leave today's our last day
but I do hope you enjoyed today's video
for weekly today's video we do have to
give our post on vacation shout outs
slash cash winner and today's cash
winner today's post certification chaton
goes to Sarah Kahn
so shout out to you Sarah shout to you
girl you're about to receive $100 slaw
daddy's phone pull up the cash app
mm-hmm
send you $100 click pay and I need that
girl's email we spent like five hours
making this damage in your house and it
ended up being like kind of a fail Josh
but now that we know how to make house
we have a better idea for next time yeah
maybe next year next year we'll try to
make ones bigger the tree next year at
least 3 days a couple of days I mean
okay yep click Payton you and Dad so
whoever else like a pulse on vacation
shout out or have a chance for $100 all
you gonna do is subscribe today's family
turn on our pulse notifications and
comment win and obviously if you liked
today's video you've got to give it a
thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
Queen always say we back with more
videos see you tomorrow pigs
