someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to believe
what's going on everybody
say hi make sure you join the family and
copy emerges shop pace family dot link
is always in the description so today's
a very exciting day
very exciting as you all know I
mentioned yesterday's video that our
first sleepover winners well be coming
so my Queen Katherine over here did an
amazing job cleaning the entire house
for them they should be here very soon
but before they get here we want to get
them a welcoming Christmas gift and you
know we got to take the a family with us
are y'all ready are you ready that's
Kenny good morning Ike good morning I
you want to say what's up to the Ames
family before we leave should we give a
little snack yeah everybody will be back
soon you ready
where's your wallet where's your wallet
your wallet you need your money you
nursed your cards and your stuff tell me
your wallet did you get a wallet at 1
year old show them your new wallet baby
show them all last night is that an
early Christmas gift um dad dad you like
it oh you like it I love you
nobody doing
the balloon is following you it's
following you is following you baby
alright guys so we are now in Party City
about to get them a Christmas card and
some other goodies you find a card yet
ace family as you can see we're so
excited to have them over we're not used
to people spending at our house this
literally is like a lunar eclipse this
 never happens honestly I think
we're more excited than them alright
baby so now we need like a Christmas
yeah Christmas bag to put the goodies
inside like you know low key that does
not look like anything that looks like
you robbed ever put your face next to
that cart right now don't face this way
basically face the camera oh there you
go this literally looks like you Ryan
and Trey the red game the rat game oh
hell no is this boy doing I just found
the people who watch our videos but
don't like them Pharrell you gotta find
the ACE family members we are literally
going to find them wait a minute
I'm gonna go right here happy joyful
positive and blessed love something to
say this way that's actually us what the
hell you stager my cakes is that you el
Bessie you let me see what's that mean
she let me do it she won't do it oh you
know how to put it on hey let me help
that that there you go ready 1 2 3
don't move alright guys so we want to
get them a Christmas gift bag because we
will be getting them a gift we don't
want to tell you guys what gift just yet
you like that one merry and bright
beautiful just like you wait before we
leave I want to get those little popper
things you'll talk about so when they
walk in the house we can be like super I
better grab a some poppers Oh g-good
luck recive strong zero girl she's what
where
what are you doing you don't po PO's huh
okay I won't record you I'm sorry I'm
sorry okay a family no look alright guys
that was a successful party City trip
now we are off to Best Buy to get their
gift hmm I wonder what it could be
alright guys we are now here at Best Buy
and I am looking at one of the gifts
that we were about to get them if you
guys think you know what we're about to
get them just come below maybe they
definitely need one of these so we get
it alright cool what so I was walking
around the store and I found something I
really want for Christmas but like I
don't really like it's not that I want
it it's like kind of needed show it to
me where are you going oh hell no we're
passing the appliance this section we
get a new fridge babette what do you
it's a robot vacuum cleaner and we need
one guys I literally vacuum the house
every single day like I visit dirty
carpets and so I vacuum every day and I
think that this would be something that
I could really use oh you want that bit
bad yeah okay let's get what doing your
research huh
the dyson one oh my god you want this
one but the thing is is that I don't
understand why it's so small because you
would think that if it's more expensive
it would be bigger it's probably smarter
bible if we get that you get no more
Christmas gifts that's it play I'll is
good vacuum cleaner so comment below
what you guys think is a good one
my beautiful baby over there giving back
to the homeless oh baby you're so giving
so Katherine I really don't have time to
be wrapping gifts so we must have pull
up on these Toys R Us folks and and I
know they gonna do a good job for us all
these little girls over here wrapping
gifts are literally about to save
Katherine hi what are you doing each
other work daddy speaker you know how to
do it how do you know how to turn it off
you crazy
see everyone subscribe today's family
here to keep it so right now we're just
waiting for the gifts to be wrapped have
you been good this year you have what do
you offer Christmas this year fall a
puppy oh he was a puppy
Babette she wants a puppy you have Ike
yeah you bike so since we've been
logging everyday when you gonna get my
Christmas gift what are you gonna get my
Christmas but I don't see no gifts I
need the tree order yet were you hiding
them guys I'm just kidding I don't need
no Christmas gift my Christmas gift was
my dream car which was the Lambo all
right thank you you too all right guys
we just got home and they should be here
any minute Katherine's over here trying
to get their back sitting and I'm
thinking when they come we're gonna hide
the camera somewhere and we're gonna use
these poppers and pop out of nowhere and
be like so we have to find a good place
to hide the camera I actually got a call
her manager right now and let him know
that we're gonna leave the front gate
unlocked and the front door open and
tell them that we're upstairs getting
ready but we're really hiding I'm gonna
Surprise them all right now let's call
manager Alan yo can you do me a favor so
when they pull up can you let them know
that we're gonna leave the front gate
unlock for them in the front door so
just have them walk in and tell us tell
them that we're upstairs finishing
getting ready or something like that
because we're going to when they walk in
we're gonna like pop out and Surprise
them okay cool all right are you all
right love you what's the hurry baby I'm
around the card I better what are you
saying we love them very very much we
appreciate them so much and we love all
their love and support and we thank them
for for wine to spend time with us
wanting to spend time with us for taking
the timer
taking a trip to see us yeah they're
almost here baby we're gonna put this
back in the room
we gotta put we gotta put this back in
the room
yes everyone getting their hiding spot
what is that for bit but you want this
to look nice for them yeah okay uh okay
that looks good baby it looks good here
you need to pick a popper here Karl
Popper grab me one L needs one oh yeah
we all need one do you know we're gonna
find out by the way uncle tres here hey
go broke that's for you
this one's for you okay so when they
come in we're gonna pop out and boom
let's go guys they're here is everyone
in position all right let me hide the
camera for you guys thank you behind the
won't be behind the wall behind the
camera up here guys got a good angle I
think that's good enough
oh
so you guys who follow me we're gonna
take you guys to your rooms so you can
put your bags away so here's your guys's
room we got a little surprise for you
guys a little gift I love that smile
look how beautiful your new friend yeah
I think she likes me
who wants to be the one to open up you
guys gift you so hopefully you guys
don't already have this so let's just
hope and all the gifts go together so
you'll know once you open up the first
one look at your gift look at you kids a
family we got them the g7x vlogging
camera we're not telling you guys you
should vlog but this is you know you can
capture other moments like pictures and
videos of this Beautiful's and of course
we had to get them a little gorilla
tripod gorilla pod lets you call it what
no we don't need nothing
no no we don't need nothing alright guys
so supposedly they have one of these
already but if they're like us we've
broken like three DS already so it's
always good to have an extra one you
know like or hold it up to her
pull the tour that's you that's cool
thank you guys so much
look it turned on bluetooth well you
wanna play music music it's called pets
to turn on it's connected she's confused
she's like wait you know to work the
phones too girl
dang they're like already buzzed back
what do you guys do it it's time
so we're gonna do our outro with our
guests but we're gonna let them unpack
and get comfortable and you guys will be
saying them in tomorrow's video thank
you all for tuning in as always before
we close out today's video we do have to
give our pulse on vacation shout out
slash cash winner and today's winner is
drumroll Billy Marilyn so shout out to
you Millie shout to you girl thank you
so much for being part of the eggs
family we love you and oh you got my
phone today ok do you bang we got a get
 poppin I'm curious to know how you
got my phone no I don't even know my
password no I know you do alright good
alright click pay so over else like a
pulse indication shout out or have a
chance when the hunter dollars all you
gotta do is subscribe to eggs family
turn on our pulse notifications download
cash app use that email and comment
below and obviously if you like this
video you got to give it a thumbs up
like comment share and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful Queen always
say be back with more videos see you
tomorrow
peace
