someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to believe
alright which one you want alright so
come on down you're gonna draw your
heart on your canvas I'm gonna draw my
heart on my canvas these hearts will be
our bullseye for today and these hearts
symbolize our love for one another
damn knows a lot better than I thought
no I think I can make that's not bad
right
damn why is your so perfect I'm a little
flavor to mine
from I bet they yeah all right so what
are they so the rules are this is your
heart this is my heart whoever fills up
each other's hearts the most loves that
person more all right so if I fill up
your heart more than you fill up my
heart I love you more
all right you ready but wait your target
is a lot smaller than mine it is fucking
it means you gotta aim better that means
you gotta aim better no this is your
target cuz we're switching so you're
shooting mine I'm shooting in your heart
why would I shoot in your heart because
you're trying to in my beautiful cuz
you're trying to win my love my heart
I'm trying to win your heart you don't
win your own heart
my good my good alright baby so you
obviously got the pink one and I got the
black one ready wait I think she got
more balls than me thanks Tommy come
here I'll show you something now that is
how you win someone's heart you can
definitely tell who loves who more
you're right her heart was a little
bigger yeah like a bigger target to
shoot at that's true that's true
alright now it's time to go ham we want
to see how Katherine acts if another
girl tries to take me away from her
city damn beber beber was going so hard
she's not the board so all my fellas out
there if your lady ain't willing to go
hard
what's going on everybody so you know we
had to open up today's video extra let
everyone get this video a thumbs up
right now for my queen being a savage as
you guys know I stay with the toys
because I'm one big-ass kid you guys
should see what he got because he got
more toys and he hasn't showed it to you
guys but I'm sure he will soon actually
you know what I'm gonna show them right
now so I got more of these mini dirt
bikes as you can see the other one I did
have it broke so I gave away to my dad
yeah he wanted one he's good with fixing
stuff so here we have the Apple ninja
and over here we have the blueberry
dragonfly here we have yes the Apple
Cinnamon crime I come to find out these
are way faster than the original one
that I had like 70 the other night me
and Ryan and Trey we kind of hit 80 the
other one I had Romeo
it had battery and these are just
straight gas so these are much faster
and what I've been wanting to do is
create a little ramp trace should be
somewhere over here helping me we're
gonna create a ramp to get a little bit
of air on these nothing I do is a good
idea
the neighbors are probably hating us
right now because the other night Austin
Ryan and Trey were driving these
literally up and down the streets and
the neighbors were probably like what
the hell is going on we've never had
commotion like this and we're shooting
paintball guns again let your mother see
daddy do some stunt double sure
they're stray literally right here you
ready
itzhak the lamps are you ready mate cat
what is that a ram with the rocks are
you serious that weak-ass real oh my god
that is not a room mg that's like five
inches actually okay you go first no I'm
definitely not going bindi to Seoul's
good little spring I think you guys
should move the ramp over there cuz it's
kind of dark and the ace family can't
really see ya have you guys ever jumped
on the ramp nope
so there's gonna be a first I'm not a
rock Rafi another makes you perfect a
spam by the way it's like the hottest
day in America today alright let's look
at the bike rope
where's Trey
all right so who's gonna go first all
right so I think imma let you go first
thing I need to help me I don't even
think we have a helmet is that a ball
game baby rat game reggae whoever
doesn't know what racking is rat game
stands for Ryan
Austin Trey rat cake let's go we're
missing Ryan though he went to go uh
yeah right I don't know what he went to
do
yeah Ryan left us today cuz we want to
go cupcake with his girl
good luck listen tiniest wrath go away
no his helmet is so weak that we have to
get a montage of his helmet
real quick real quick all right there at
the start there perfect lighting that's
a good line right there perfect I'm just
hitting them with a montage of your
weak-ass all right let's get it Trey
good luck right gangs cat gang oh my oh
my god you're lucky that this is replay
that roll the clip
bro only done on the dirt telling the
axle one I know dang booboo jump hey
family look at this
my man's flu shit maybe it's a bad idea
maybe I shouldn't do it
no Austin you can't go why actually
never mind you can't make your best
friend go on and then you can't go no
one else right first I really do need
that helmet thought I should look like
it hilt
hey please tell me you got him flying I
did I hope I got him at a good angle
well it's all like distraught that I was
trying to figure out he was okay
rollers is stable it's Jay don't blame
me Oh
that's normal I need all the luck I can
get hey family right now
good luck talking about rats you look
like a rat hey Ricky Bobby mm-hmm
all right good luck do it for the a spam
with the that was a test run all right
let's go
don't want to go again no no no no let's
go here I black and get more here how
many together I'm in let's go I think
you made it cuz you got a kiss you got a
good-luck kiss what yeah she was poppin
get it from this angle this time baby
alright okay so I can really see how
much air I kick alright you're done
you're done no more I'm gonna see that
my baby's been silac grandma oh he's so
cute you just wake up you got crazy hair
day hellooo - you want a panini Japan
all right Stanley I'm about to go in the
kitchen see what chef touche is whipping
up for lunch my cameraman is moving a
little slow right now
welcome backwards Thank You Trey so
O'Shea yeah what we got for today
today we have mashed potatoes again your
favorite that will have cream cheese
cheese as well you will camerman when
she's displaying what she's letting you
know what she's making you she'll
showings bring I don't know but yeah so
I will have mashed potatoes cream cheese
cheese on top I'll put that in the oven
momentarily I will also have some turkey
Reuben sandwiches with gluten-free bread
of course and also mozzarella cheese on
top of those turkey patties we will also
have mac and cheese Booton fries
my favorite his favorite of course you
guys see that he still has his doughnuts
in here - right I like found them out of
the trash Oh anyway forget those done it
because you have cupcake
and you will have a lemon rich icing on
top with nuts as well do you guys know
me kids parents don't size that mold
I'm a professional so let me do this
okay
tuppence a creature over there even food
baby can you wait till she makes us a
plate so thank you all for tuning in as
always today's video was a little short
but it was lit and I did something I
would never do as you do so before we
close out today's video we do have to
announce our poll Stone vacation shout
out person slash cash winner and today's
cash winner is drumroll please
today's notifications shout-out and a
100 dollars goes to grisel shoutout to
you girl thank you so much for being a
part of the 8th family we want to send
you $100 first there's no phone we gotta
hurry up I got 2 per se
where's cash at oh my god you really did
2% huh cash at $100 hey need my girl's
email yep
yeah go ahead go ahead a little bit
click pay 1 - so whoever else like a
pulse on vacation shout-out or have a
chance to win $100 all you got to do is
subscribe today's family pretty easy
turn on our pulse on vacation I'll stop
pretty easy which is that bail bond just
click that bail button somewhere I think
it's in the right hand corner and lastly
all you have to do is download cash app
if you don't already have it and then
comment your email and down below so we
can see you and then give you an another
and obviously if you like this video
you've got to give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful Queen always say more
videos and we'll see you tomorrow
obviously exactly smell that food lunch
is waiting on us we gotta hurry up and
go home peace
