someone told me never saw
these don't exist in real life these
days but you showed me if I
just find the fit I need to believe
hey a family bro who screams like that
hey hold this one bro all right a scale
we got a lot going on today not to
mention it is our third day of vlogmas a
lot of you guys have been waiting for
this moment will be picking our first
sleepover winner today we will also be
picking our cash prize winner and if
you're new to the channel make sure you
subscribe and telling our Pullum can't
just so you do not miss the video
because we're posting every day is vlog
missing and shout out to my boy Trey for
holding the camera walking down the
stairs backwards copy of a family march
link always in the description kind of
like this walking and talking bye you
know even though I am missing my girls
well my girls that girl ace family this
might be the cutest thing you guys have
ever seen because I know it's the cutest
thing I've ever seen
both well my girls are matching today
show the ACM you guys outfit oh you love
them okay you guys get together and take
a picture right I'm gonna take one let's
take a picture for your Instagram make a
kiss kiss one two three got it
ah okay show that ace him the ring that
daddy got you where's your ring let me
see your ring gorgeous family oh I see
you this little girl right here never
takes her ring off oh you want to kiss
him you give they say me a lot of love
jeez so as I was saying she never lets
us take her ring off like she's obsessed
with it she gets mad every time we try
to take it off right above it let me see
let me see the ring last guys watch oh
okay
jeez see guys she loves hurry
she's so little and you would think to
try to take it off herself or bite on it
but she's never messed with it and it
fits perfectly it's not tight or
anything so I keep checking it just to
make sure that when it is trying to have
to take it off and either resize it or
put it on you guys met today was this on
purpose or that's cute baby you're so
cute smile smile thank you what are you
doing you're a big girl now
okay would you want to show us what's in
here what oh you want to play the piano
huh okay what why are these still live
here
the weeks put a wig on baby you don't
want to wear awake no okay
that's shaquiesha shaquiesha white
delicious delicious
daddy has issues baby you believe with
this alone you did the curly game long
what all right so should we talk today's
family about yeah yeah we can start
where we begin all right guys this is a
moment that we've been trying to avoid
this entire
video so as you guys know yesterday we
filmed a family yoga challenge and it
was in this exact room in this same
exact spot what's weird about the whole
thing is Austin edited the video and it
just so happened in that very clip in
that very moment something really weird
happened and you guys noticed it because
you guys notice everything everything so
if you don't know what we're talking
about we're just gonna have to play the
clip for you and you just watch it and
just let us know what you think ready
yeah all right just just roll clip okay
so sit right here you sit right here
stretch okay yep all right
so okay so did you guys see that did you
guys see it then you guys see just in
case you didn't see it we're gonna play
the clip for you again okay so sit right
here you sit right here stretch okay
hey family what was that what the hell
was that
and the weird thing about it is that it
literally went so slow like if you would
think that if it was something wrong
with the actual dresser that it would
kind of like spring out or something but
it went so slow and mind you there's
clothes right now so there's nothing
wrong with this thing I don't know about
you guys but I believe in spirits I
don't believe in ghosts
but I believe in spirits that doesn't
make any sense spears and goes with
different things
you think so yes they don't think yes
take heart yes take a heart I believe in
spirits - how are ghosts and spirits
differently they're completely different
completely different okay well
personally I have a angel and I know for
a fact that I have an angel because
every single medium or psychic or
whatever that I've ever met has told me
that my angel is my grandmother
and that's why I've always felt safe so
I definitely don't feel like it's a bad
ghost and we have one fiery spirit that
ghosts okay
spirit ghost is like haunted spirits are
more welcome okay well I don't think
that this house is haunted at all that's
what I'm saying that's what you don't
say ghosts you say a spirit and you're
thinking of like a positive spirit
anyways so we check the dresser
yesterday there's nothing wrong with it
it's perfectly fine as you guys can see
you know everything's closed back there
what was it
for real blessed eggs family bro you
guys have to come up here and see
something so he's family please comment
below if you've had any experience like
this before obviously we've never had
anything like this happen to us
oh hell nah what what else bro yeah nice
how did I do that was next to you come
on not again yo yo yo what the fuck to
see what it went have moved we have to
see when I moved in the video and why
did it happen on camera we have to show
them yo this is a family like I just
shut the door the door yeah I'm like
sugar what's shaking bro
no way that's weird it's not opening
again so you think it's a real spirit I
don't know maybe the spirit I just want
some clout to be in our videos or
something that is a weirdest thing I've
ever heard in my life because why
doesn't just open up on camera like that
is so freaking weird we need to throw
that thing away
we're throwing the whole drawer said the
whole dole what are they called
fuck I don't know how to say it in
English yes you dresser or throwing the
whole thing away
seriously but my question is why isn't
that opening over now
that's weird all right I need we need to
turn the camera off and talk about me
well this is so weird
look wait why did he just get blurry all
of a sudden blurry
Wow I swear just got blurry not yes it
did and it was already focused look I'm
gonna shut it yo I'm done I'm done with
that I'm so done
let's not talking about it right ray L
come here come here come away we have to
show you guys something
guys hurry hurry hurry hurry so
Katherine and I let me just tell you you
know yesterday I want to show you the
tweet someone send me a tweet saying at
the door right it's freaking like it
came back like you saw it open yeah as
as we were talking though as we were
filming and talking about it drawer it
comes out did you
like you filmed it you have ya know what
I'm saying let me show you let me show
you it's this one bro so it like it just
comes out of nowhere yeah and to me like
if the dresser was broke it would just
come out right now
right do they only like constantly stay
like exactly exactly
it wouldn't yeah exactly it wouldn't be
leveled and would just all of them will
just fly open pretty much no sweet why
does she open up that one oh my god
how'd you know about that one did this
very tell you open that way yeah she got
mad aniseh bro I would call the owner
how's your mother history's house maybe
tell me about that you think all about
the history of house so honestly what do
you guys think
yeah it's a really
they have like these like metal things
and like it moves words burning well
it's a text like magnetic energy in
temperature because they'll show like
the temperature dropping we should go on
google and call it what my expert expert
could go over here is instrument
ourselves you can literally buy the
stuff let's buy it where do I get it I
think we I think guys honestly I think
one one one I think we need a
professional I'm tell you one it's like
in spiritual like language it's like the
portal to the other dimension
google it I'm telling you to cool it
right now great now 11110 or one you
will see gray so not people gonna be
more scared now hey my personal opinion
I think someone's just watching over us
yeah you know and like recognize me yes
yeah type of thing yeah let's call this
Google on an expert are we supposed to
pick someone we don't have a ghost we
have a we we have someone we have
someone watching over us that's what we
have yes we have a yes we do every angel
since you guys can't find someone who's
available on a Sunday to actually like
come in and go so we should just find
the kid ourselves there's a ghost
hunting kit at barns animal there really
is like a spirit and they're like they
want to film a show all right guys
that's enough talking about it I feel
like if you think about it too much
something more will happen so we're just
gonna leave it at that all right so
before we pick our cash winner for today
going to announce our first winner for
the sleepover y'all ready so originally
what we were gonna do was we were gonna
pick five people let you guys know who
those five people are contact them and
whatnot then raffle it out and pick a
person but what we decided last minute
was we didn't want anyone feeling guilty
for not winning the sleepover so what we
did is we just did it on our own without
telling you guys who those people were
and we picked a person so I just want to
reiterate that this was completely
random okay and I'm saying that because
there were so many people we could have
picked from there's people all over the
world there's there's there's just so
many people that it could have been we
have a lot of a statement we have a lot
of ace family members and from those
five people one was from Australia one
was from the UK two were from California
one was in LA and I think ones and one
was in Vegas and the other person was in
Germany was it Germany he goes from like
Spain Spain and I can't remember but it
was someone in Europe the person who we
ended up picking is from Las Vegas and
it's a guy I actually noticed him
comment also on Austin's Instagram which
is so crazy he also has a baby who's I
think she's like a year old maybe ten
months old or something and it's so
crazy cuz I always tell you guys that I
wish there were more guys that felt more
comfortable making it known that they
support us yeah you know and it's so
crazy to happen to be a guy that was so
I saw him comment and it took a
screenshot because that's what I've been
doing for the past month or so is just
screenshot in comments and comments and
comments and then going back and then
seeing if these people actually had
profiles and why not because obviously
we want to be careful with hooli's have
spend the night you know this is we're
bringing people into our home this is we
do our investigation yeah we had to do
our investigation but this guy actually
didn't even notice that he lived in
Vegas until I checked out his Instagram
profile he has no idea he's winning by
the way the no idea yet this is his
Instagram and should we have that his
family let go tell them he won yeah a
family once we tell you who it is go
spam his Instagram it makes you go
children love just in case he's not
watching this video right now make sure
you tell him
that him and his family won the a
Stanley sleepover
so before we tell you guys who he is we
do want to tell you that we are doing
two more sleepovers
so the first a family sleepover winner
is it's Jay Bateman and his family so
I'll put his Instagram right here above
Catherine's head so go comment on his
photo let him know that you won
sleepover cuz he has no idea that he's
winning and stay tuned for more
sleepover winners we haven't picked them
yes it makes you keep showing love cuz
you never know you might be the next
winner and now our new hundred dollar
giveaway winner is damn be fine oh it's
right here okay so today's $100 winner
is meet the Browns and that is her or
his you know let me send the funds real
quick ohana Dallas I always wondering
what people think when they want
something from us cuz it's like
completely random right why is this
right making sure we sense the right
person well what are you doing all
righty all righty
all right hey hey well shout out to you
meet the Browns family thank you so much
for subscribing to the ACE family and
having our postal vacations turned on
whoever else would like to win a hundred
dollars or get a pulse implication shout
out all you got to do is subscribe to
the ACE family join the family turn on
our post notifications and comment the
email you use for the cash after below
and thank you for everyone who tuned in
as always hopefully we didn't scare you
guys too much in today's video and don't
worry for the person who's spending the
night they are completely fine there
isn't an evil ghost they're good spirits
guys they're good spirit if it is a
spirit which it could not be it's a good
spirit obviously if you liked this video
you got to give your thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family my clean is
right here my beautiful princess is
somewhere playing and like me and my
beautiful family always say we Batman
more videos peace oh wait
we'll see best tomorrow
