someone told me never saw
they don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fit I need to believe
Hey eight seven hey what about that new
intro though doesn't it just get you in
the holiday spirit we have a family yoga
class scheduled in a few hours we will
also be picking our first cash shot
winner today if you haven't downloaded
cash yet make sure you do that and
comment your email down below so you
have a chance to $100 and a Stanley I
know some of you are saying that you do
not want to comment your personal email
down below because you don't want the
whole world to see
so if you are one of those people who do
not feel comfortable with leaving your
email down in the comments I have a
solution for you this is what you do you
create a new email and once the month of
December is over you delete that email
it's that easy and one last thing I want
to touch on before getting in today's
video you guys know that ace family
knows that Katherine I try to give back
as much as we can so for us to hear some
people complain about $100 you honestly
make us feel bad because we try and give
back every chance we can it's only a few
people who complain and those people
might not even be a part of the ACE
family they might just be random people
new to the channel just not at the end
of the day Katherine and I just want
everyone to be happy all right that's
enough of that let's get on with
today's video not to mention I know you
guys see it cop that link in description
so we have a family yoga class in a few
hours and we need all the protein we can
possibly get because I haven't done yoga
ever so why I'm walking up to a place
that has the best protein shake in the
world if you don't like peanut butter
it's not for you
that's the one bro can I get two of your
peanut powers those are delicious right
and also can I get like a small one like
it I'm in like a small cup from my
daughter a baby-sized thank you
I was hoping my dude Anwar was here but
he's not so if you happen to come get a
protein shake from protein e bar ask for
Edouard and tell him that you're part of
the Hayes family and I promise you he'll
hook you up while I'm waiting for our
protein shakes I forgot to mention that
will be picking our first sleepover
winner in tomorrow's video so you're not
gonna want to miss that oh my gosh this
looks fired this is good for babies
right bro yeah perfect I appreciate it
man thank you where my girls look like
yeah no protein E bar and I even got one
for bed bed no protein they made one for
my baby baby no no you get the baby one
geez what oh hell no bad bad
that's not for babies just moments later
an L lively already ruined her white
tank-top daddy loves you have these
tights on you wanna do it you wanna do
the trick you undo the trick all right
here ready whenever L is wearing these
tights landings ready what oh yeah okay
it's not giving you a Ledge okay here we
go
by the way you know you have some
 outside me yep hey all you want
to help daddy with the boxes
come on thank you let's see what we have
holy I hope this is from what I think
it's from why is there so many though I
didn't order anything
beh beh can you help dad dad okay grab
grab a box we're dead out here okay
let's start with the top one can you
can't carry that good hahaha
can you carry that the strongest Baby
Alive come on good job
baby I'm so proud of you you got it be
careful so for the step good job good
job
hey mommy strong too come on we got more
this is why me and mommy had you to help
with stuff like this okay
I didn't even order anything I think you
order something baby
this is all you this the last one I
believe so
alright here you go oh you can you shut
the door for us thank you
good job ha ha okay so where do we begin
it's got issues ah I remember now I
think I did order some shoes wait if I
ordered the shoes why are you opening
them up because I want to see what you
ordered all right let you open them up
cuz even slow as molasses by the
time we done open up all these shoes
it'll be tomorrow you know how to give
it like I'm on you like these are hard
they'll like some too but she liked guys
for those who know me I hate ordering
stuff online but I ordered them from the
best online shoe company out there it's
called go app if you don't have the app
makes you go download it right now bear
the shoe gods not the shoe plug shoe
gods I'll put the go app link in our
description so you guys can check them
out
no you put my shoe so should I change my
shoe laces to this one or should I just
keep it on the black one I said keep it
black alright so I'm gonna continue
opening up all these boxes but I would
like to say that not all these shoes are
just for me as you just witnessed
Katherine is open prepared for her and
it is a holiday season so a lot of these
shoes are gifts for family and friends
mm el what do we have here what do we
have here baby
those are you definitely easy look those
are from my BAE
whoa daddy bought you those shoes me
whine all white creamy Z's you like do
you like them look cute on you
hopefully these next pair of shoes are
for Dad Oh No Oh guys as ever they cool
what you know about these I don't know
anything about these actually let me see
no fear of God is that like another
brand collaborating advance oh gosh
guess who has to put this up ace family
me no me something definitely Z's yeah
boy those are cool these are probably
the most comfortable shoes I've ever
worn maybe very expensive but they are
the most comfortable shooting angle Idol
is kind of clever how they have a law go
sticker on the shoot another all the
same care what the hell you got to this
much before that I gotta make sure to
tell not to watch this video like a lady
sighs well another pair that's what my
mother-in-law oh okay you see I'm
getting everybody gives this so wait are
we the same size yes you guys are for me
these are for me oh my god thank you
you like those yeah by the way
everything you see in these all your
pretty views
I guess christmas came early for
Catherine with our knees
these are Oh what are those these are so
clean lazy these are also better not my
style those are tight you legit look
like the Grinch when you throw the boxes
oh ah you happy packages set up a little
different what could be in here what the
hell huh what what the hell is that what
is that what is it let me see right now
there's another color of the box I know
show me right now what it is I need to
see a family this is not supposed to
happen this was this is what your
Christmas gives me oh why no wonder have
you differently
can I see please I should have read it I
have a Louboutin something thirsty now
that you've seen it I feel like I have
to give it to you though why because you
you can't already know what it is I mean
I don't really know but you know it's
Louis Vuitton and there's only so many
things that you like at Louis Vuitton
oh my god it is it is it the thing is it
what the whatever logically so Christmas
no that's too long
let's so many days at the whole month
you're not gonna have any gift for
Christmas I don't care
it's family comment below you think I
should see it believe
all right back to the shoes another pair
bad the habit of that box
Oh another pair I think wait okay al al
showing me that she made a snap at me
open the boxes show they family your
stepbrother which one Thank You Darren
so Darren Micky don't watch this video
oh here we go brother so everyone's
gonna so everybody got matching shoes
laughs package and why is this one also
locks differently let another present
for me I'll jump making a snapshot of
Austin oh oh those are nice daddies I
like that all these the daddies I've
been wanting a pair these for a long
time you like these even they like these
cool since I already kind of gave away
your other Christmas gift I feel that
it's only right if I show it to you this
is why I feel like I should show it to
her hey stony because if I don't show it
to her when I'm sleeping she's gonna go
and see what did he know that's not true
no I know but I'm gonna wonder every
single day until I see it I'm saying
there's no way in hiding this gift from
her she's gonna find you you're gonna
look so I might as well give it to her
now but just know that's it
nothing else for Christmas okay I gave
myself Christmas presents yeah should I
give mommy her Christmas gift now I I
should she said yes
I think so she said Luisi what you're
not gonna have any Christmas gifts under
the tree it's okay I don't care about
Christmas gifts I just want to see you
come no no I wanna see it I want to see
it first
guys what's killing me thank you for you
huh it's not for me stop okay Austin you
are there you already did it you already
opened it a family catherine has been
wanting it's okay she no no she's not
crying she's not crying
good stop stop she's not crying she's
not crying she's okay she's happy she's
crying happy a family catherine has been
wanting this purse forever like a year
ago it sold out and she was upset
because she wasn't able to get it longer
and then and then not one point they
weren't even selling the Chris because
they weren't making this color anymore
because they were saying that something
was wrong with like the bleeding of it
like the color was bleeding or something
how'd you get this no worry about it how
did you do it don't worry about I got I
got the blood I got the blood
are you want to give a little tour of
the purse thank you I love you bangle
eyelash it is nice Oh baby oh you like
it ill she like she like where monster
go ahead and model it real quick who do
you take you a heart on the phone who
Texan
okay girl I'll see you with the new
purse so where do you get it how did you
get it who'd you talk to
when did you buy it I need all the
details right now don't worry about that
hey what time is it our yoga class is a
couple minutes okay hurry we gotta go we
gotta hurry up we're running late for
yoga class come on ladies let's go hurry
hurry Mary Mary data has the orange one
I think this one's for you you like this
one
fine remember you got to put some tights
yeah why you guys have tights cuz you
guys are girls what come out Austin come
on what those make your cakes disappear
this ribbon I got hey that's definitely
the poster yeah that's yours
okay so that will be in the middle Bobby
you'll be on this side
oh they're supposed to be like this this
way this way
okay so sit right here you sit all right
stretch okay yep all right so okay you
go okay you know what to do first I'll
use the Rallye but we'll straight off
all right all right you use the Rolly
here use the Rolly mommy sit down they
don't copy mommy okay put your legs are
like this
I guess mommy's an instructor for
today's yoga class like this out good do
this good job al good job baby do this
like this no like this like this you
need thanks Roberto later like this good
L look
what are you doing I guess this is what
happens when you do a yoga class or
one-year-old help can you do something
honey
do you feel like this good good good
bridge oh I'm sorry you my love I didn't
know you didn't want to do yoga today oh
you're not in the mood for yoga today
all right family so Ella saying that she
does not want to do yoga she wants to
dance the music right okay okay yeah
listen to music you don't want to do
yoga oh gosh okay fine all right so I
hope you enjoyed that quick segment of
yoga one-on-one all right guys if you
watched our last video you know exactly
what time it is we're gonna be doing our
notification shout out and we're also
giving this person $100 so we decided
for the next 30 days or actually 29 days
we're gonna be putting a person's name
in the stocking and then obviously
grabbing it in front of you guys and
reading it off and sending you guys
hundred dollars you guys can see I
picked a name okay no so there's only
one name in here so I put the one name
that I a random name that I saw in the
comments yeah today's post notifications
shout-out goes to Hillary Vanessa to
Jada caso okay there's an email hey okay
so we're gonna send our $100 also guys
remember that when you common your email
in the comment section on all of our
videos make sure that the email is
correct because we are sending money to
you from that email okay sent whoever
else would like to post on occassion
shout out or have a chance to win $100
all you got to do is subscribe to the
ACE family turn on our pulse
notifications and comment when done and
obviously comment your cash app email
when done and obviously if you like this
video you got to give it thumbs a like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family else still text
of somebody better not be a boy like we
always say we'll be back with more
videos peace
