Hey am late you okay dream I know I'm
sitting on you it's okay okay she said
it's okay
so you guys are probably thinking
Catherine's holding the camera right now
but she's not boy Fred Oliveira so
as you already buy the title today we'll
be shooting a new intro video for
vlogmas so if you guys don't know who
fred is friend is our videographer
whenever he's around he creates the
dopest content from our last intro to
our music video to our Halloween video
he produces movies so today should be
quite interesting where to take you guys
along with us so you can see the process
so we're bout to get ready to head to
target to grab some props for the shoot
my girls are inside getting ready
by the way our outfits are are kind of
cute so if you can't already tell rockin
a new hey a spam lid merch if you don't
have one what are you doing all you
gotta do is go to WWE fan Li com copy a
merchant join the family so if you're
new make sure you subscribe and join the
family so make sure you guys come with
us while we shoot this fire essential
all right guys I just got home my queen
is doing her makeup and I never thought
this day would come
I'll just Bevan let me see baby can I
see your lips show the ace name of your
lips
do you have gold sprinkle on your lips
so this is what we working with today as
you can see we got our three million
dollars set right here got some fake
snow it's looking legit guys you know
what I hate I hate when I make it intro
and then I remember that I forgot to say
something in the intro that was very
important I probably missed the most
important thing in today's video we also
have a surprise for all of you so it
makes you keep watching you want to get
ready for the shoot when I finish eating
your Cheerios you want to get ready for
the shoe get ready for the shoe okay I
have to have a serious talk with you
about this makeup situation why do you
feel like it's okay to put makeup on huh
don't walk away from the question I
don't think you guys understand how
happy I am today like you guys know I'm
always happy but today I'm extra happy
it's the first day this summer which
means Christmas is right around the
corner my favorite holiday and it's the
first day that we'll be posting every
day for 31 days straight and not to
mention this week we'll be picking our
first sleepover winner and at the end of
this video we got two surprises for you
obviously our new intro and you have to
keep watching to find out the second
surprise
look at that onesie you know how to rock
a onesie girl look at you you're
beautiful why do you stay give yourself
kisses you see you love yourself oh
that's how life should be you gotta love
yourself appreciate yourself you just
kiss yourself with them lip gloss loops
I'll be honest I'm just not comfortable
with this lip gloss
oh my baby slit don't try to run alright
let's take it off nope we're not having
none of that into you're about 50 years
old okay okay let me see look at that
look at that and stop trying to run stop
trying to run you know it's not right
alright so the baby is ready whoa whoa
as you kiss whoa okay okay and now it's
time for mommy and daddy to get ready
whoa as you can tell she's excited for
the shoot every time I get ready to
shoot something spectacular this is how
she acts baby is this how you get like
all the nervous jitters out is this how
you like get all the nervous jitters out
to be in front of camera or are you just
natural are you just a natural yes you
can tell she's just a natural Wow
Oh Mike she's like a oh she's like a
wild baboon oh gosh okay okay it's time
to shoot let's go and we're all gonna be
matching in three two one
tada everyone take a screenshot while
you can smile yeah are you so beautiful
are you guys ready to shoot yes let's do
it
all right on the counter I'll see how
much you calm down all right three two
one and that is a wrap folks how do you
think will come up a you can see we made
a disaster and else cleaning it up right
now
good job baby see this is why we had you
to clean as you can see we did the most
for a nine second clip but I promise you
it'll be worth it
yo this she came and L is still cleaning
Babette nothing got underneath the couch
it's all right here by bad look you what
oh hell no so L was over here playing
her piano my queen was looking beautiful
as always and me you know I was just
being me
an hour later l still cleaning baby how
do you think the shoot went good did it
go good okay
she's focused on something else right
now hey bro how you think the shoot went
bro the new intros fired what do you
think it's pretty fire I think it's
gonna be crazy yo the snow the confetti
like I think I'm crazy honestly and not
to mention today is Fred's birthday big
2222 hey guys I'm just thankful to be
here you know another year I'm thanking
for this man he creative he's a creative
one tell him your Instagram bro Fred the
director Hayes family makes you go show
him love for his birthday all right ace
family so before we show you our new
intro for vlogmas we have a surprise for
all of you so baby would you like to
explain I would what do you think you
just come in the mix
this backpack what weight you leave
somewhere where you trying to go you're
doing us a good moving out you're moving
out Oh No why you don't want to be here
no more
what okay you bye bye bye dick hey
my looks you waving bye look but but why
go ahead yeah mm-hmm we'll see you oh
you came back for Fifi huh
she came back in took her dog bye so
Austin and I are super excited to
announce something that we've been
wanting to do for the longest and I know
we always say that but we always have
things in mind that we want to share
with you guys and we can't ever really
share it and like the time comes Austin
and I are so happy and grateful to be
able to give back to you guys especially
around the holidays so we were thinking
of ways to be able to do that so this is
what we came up with so as you guys know
we're doing vlogmas and this is
something that we're so excited to be
doing filming every single day until
Christmas so for the entire month of
December as you guys know we always do
shoutouts at the end of our videos so we
were thinking of doing something special
for vlogmas so what we're gonna be doing
is we're gonna be giving one of our
subscribers a hundred dollars every
single day at the end of our videos see
if then make sure you watch every video
all the way to the end because you never
know you may win dollars so we're gonna
be giving our subscribers a hundred
dollars every single day until the end
of December all you guys have to do is
literally download this app and I'm
gonna tell you what the app is in a
second so this is all you have to do in
order to win you have to watch all of
our videos you have to subscribe to our
Channel and you have to download cash up
and the reason why you've to download
cash up is because that is the only way
that we're gonna be able to give you
guys $100 so at the end of our videos
like we always do we do a post on
vacation shout out along with the
shoutout we're gonna be giving you a
hundred dollars so when you download the
app cash shop you get an email right
right so once you download cash out the
email that you use to register make sure
you comment that email down in the
comments because that's how we're gonna
be able to pick out who wins $100 all
right guys we're gonna show you how
quick and easy it is to use this app so
here's the cash app now we have to type
in an email to seven hundred dollars so
who we gonna send our knowledge to this
time
my dad okay well since it is our first
time I want to show you guys how it's
done we're gonna send a hundred dollars
to my father-in-law so we want to send a
hundred dollars pay now we just type in
the email who we want to send a hundred
dollars to and it's literally that easy
so all you gotta do is download the app
comment your email below and you have a
chance to $1.00 so we're super excited
to be doing this I know a lot of you
guys are wondering why we chose cash up
and the reason why is because we
personally have a better experience with
them so hopefully you are just as
excited as we are and I hope that it
changes your holidays or it makes it a
little bit brighter better because as
you guys know one hundred dollars is a
lot around the holidays whether you use
it for yourself use it for family use it
for friends one hundred dollars is how
to dollars so now the moment that you
all have been waiting for our new intro
for the month of December are you ready
oh you're not ready you all ready okay
no readies family you ready better ready
are you ready baby okay so excited to
show y'all this came off so good did you
see no really I haven't seen well it's
our first time for all of us here we go
someone saw me
please don't exist in my life these days
but you showed me if I
you just find the fifth I need to play
alright so what you guys take in your
honest opinion what do you guys think so
thank you all for tuning in as always
you're gonna be seeing this every day
for the month of December I honestly
hope that you guys don't get annoyed
with us
you're having me seen us every day
there's only the first day of vlogmas
you guys may be seeing us for 30 more
days straight and $3,100
yes so before we close out our video we
do have to give our pulse in case your
shout out baby so bad yes it's my
father-in-law William shut up to you
pops thank you so much for creating my
beautiful Queen right here
so whatever else wants to post on
vacation shout out or wants to have a
chance to 100 ollars all you got to do
is subscribe to the ACE family turn on
our pulse notifications then comment
when and comment your email obviously
you've got to like this video this is
the startup vlog minutes come on now you
gotta give it a thumbs up so like
comment share and subscribe and like me
in my beautiful family always say we'll
be back with more videos peace wait
before I like closing out like that
before I do that I'm gonna one juicy
kiss for vlogmas mmm I love it
see you guys tomorrow peace so this is
what we working with today as you can
see we got our three million dollars set
right here got some fake snow it's
looking legit
