lively and dad are going on a walk this
morning come on baby look at the flowers
oh you see the flowers yeah Wow
smell the flowers they smell good smell
em smell it oh you just ripped it off
all you give it to dad dad thank you you
smell in here mmm smell do you like that
smell you like it thank you
hold onto this one okay let's go find
one ah there's more look look at all
these beautiful red flowers Wow look at
him wow you like them okay ready let's
take a picture one two three you take it
one two three hug hug that hug daddy oh
give that a kiss on my cheek yeah you
want to go on the swing this morning
yeah what the hell is that
remember what is that right there is
that shit that people we don't got no
dogs what what the hell is that we do
not have any pets where did that come
from
wait I'm actually kind of Concerned
right now because this booboo right here
means that there are some type of animal
in our backyard without us knowing if it
isn't is it
yep look like a bear right there look
like a dog shit yeah where's the puppy
you see a puppy come out see hey all I
know is I expect the owner to come over
and clean it up you want going to swings
yeah a the swings
okay look at these flowers in our
backyard look at these hmm beautiful oh
you want to go get the waterfall okay so
look at the waterfall
okay we go oh it was right here look at
the beautiful waterfall
like it that fish
you ever see mama okay let's go see mama
let's go inside
how dare does here
where's mama she upstairs
she came ready she getting ready for
today I want to show you something what
are those the cards yeah so guys these
are the five cards that we're gonna be
filling out today so send it to five of
our ace family members if you have no
clue what I just say you have no idea
what I'm talking about these are the
five cards that were gonna be setting
out to five randomly picked people that
cop syndrome rich if you're an ace
family member and you received one of
these cards in the mail you won $1,000
so if you haven't caught your ace value
merchant you still have one last chance
to win $1,000 all you gonna do is go to
WWE spammy calm even if you don't win
this giveaway there's still
opportunities to win something else
katha and I are always doing giveaways
baby you want to fill out these cards
for mommy and daddy okay thank you fill
them out for some of our ace family
members okay you're gonna fill it out
I'm sure they'd appreciate your
signature too well wait before you fill
it out did you get a chance to edit our
video today you did it
you what are you doing in go better go
over there and edit well who did you
hear this morning mom I did yeah mama go
look at yourself in the mirror tell me
if you like it you like it you like it
dear mama do a good job what do you
think you hard
who do you think you are
tell them to read nobody knows they're
ELLs the one who and it's our videos huh
plot twist on the ass I oh you're the
one who's been editing all our videos
and now everyone knows are you editing
today's video okay cool yeah you almost
done or not yet you need more time okay
I've always wondered how you edit these
videos I also use iMovie you use iMovie
okay that's the easiest program to use
okay you need tees daddy how to edit
okay
I actually need to teach me and mommy
how to edit there's no reason why our
one-year-old daughter should be editing
our videos there's no reason why but you
enjoy doing it right Bevan viii family
just found out that she's the one who
edits all of our videos so today you're
gonna teach mommy and daddy how to edit
just in case you get sick one day and
can't do it right okay so now I'm
getting friends see to see how you
actually do this oh nice edit what the
hell you really do this shit huh you
almost done editing
what the hell you be ending with yo toes
alright that's enough we give it away
too much of our editing skills so yeah
guys having our one year old daughter
and in all our videos is part of the
reason why we don't post every day
because it's just not physically
possible for her so you know she only
has a certain time frame to edit these
videos you know in between her milk
breaks and her naps and early in the
morning early in the morning is her time
she's very active in the morning just
like what you just seen she gets her
shit done in the morning is that a
technique that you used to edit is to
have your toes out like that no okay you
just okay um do you need anything to
keep it going
you need Starbucks or anything no okay
you want Starbucks of course like always
nope nope guys we're going to a very
important meeting today as you can see
my baby
dressed up super fancy we are going to a
panel yeah we don't know what to expect
but it should be fun it's kind of funny
cuz a lot of people ask us who edits our
videos and now you guys know alright so
before we continue on today's video I
want to give a huge shout out to see
geek if you're an ace family member you
remember that I got Catherine's special
tickets to go see Bruno Mars for her
birthday so if you follow her on
snapchat you know that she recently went
with some family members and that's why
I love CP because they were able to find
the perfect tickets for my Queen and
since I am partnered with them not only
do I get to hook my queen up but I also
get to hook up my ace family members so
if you don't know what C keek is which
you should CG is a ticket app that puts
all the tickets in one place to make
buying so easy it's crazy all you got to
do is go to the app click on the event
that you're interested in look at all
the seats at that event and find the
best pricing for where you want to sit
so I'm working with them I got you all a
little gift you all ready I got y'all a
twenty dollar promo code which is right
here if you use this promo code you guys
will get $20 off your first ticket and
yes whenever someone is able to help us
we want to be able to help you guys so
the truth is we love you guys and we'll
wait let me show you guys how this app
works you guys aren't confused when you
download it so the app is right here
then click on me right here right in the
bottom corner and create a login they
literally have every event you can think
of they have artists they got athletes
they have musicians let's click on
Taylor Swift I know some of y'all love
Taylor Swift so as you can see they give
you all of her events with the dates and
the pricing so for example let's just
click on Pasadena since that's close to
LA so like I was saying they show you
all the seats at the event along with
the pricing so say you want to sit a
little further away cuz that's too
expensive so you want to sit over here
be 644 so you want to sit a little
further away for 10 so now if you click
on clothes it'll show you all the
amazing deals and you know me I love
amazing deals okay let's just say you
don't like Taylor Swift all you got to
do is go down to tracking and I'll show
you everyone that you're able to see
honestly how dope is that see geek is
the plug all you gonna do is click the
link in our description download the app
so you can go see your favorite
performer and just you know
thank me later alright guys so we're on
our way to a really big meeting we don't
really know what to expect all we know
is that we're going to be part of a
panel and they're gonna be asking us
some questions about what we do for a
living it what not so are you nervous no
guys Catherine I don't ever get nervous
about meetings or talking about what we
do for a living because we genuinely
love what we do and it comes up because
we genuinely love what we do and it
comes so natural for us I think when you
do something that's your passion you're
more likely to succeed I feel like if
you're a good person it's your passion
you work hard you're dedicated you're
consistent all of those things put
together there's no way of failure like
that yeah I like that
Catherine quote right there I like that
so yeah we don't really know what kind
of so yeah we don't really know what
kind of questions are going to be asking
us but we're pretty good at answering
questions that are thrown at us yeah
we're gonna kill me we should be fine so
yeah we're gonna kill it obviously we're
not gonna be filming the panel or
anything and we also want to explain it
a little more maybe later on in another
video like I said we don't really know
what to expect but we just want to let
you guys know that's what we're doing
right now and then maybe why is there
always traffic I know and then after
that we actually have a date tonight
are we gonna be bringing y'all let it go
of course we're gonna bring them let's
show them this LA traffic guys if you're
not from LA this is something that you
do not want to experience when you come
to LA this is why they need to invent
flying cars ASAP alright guys we just
got here so sunny which is luck see you
guys later tonight our ace family has
been a long day but today's vlog is not
over just yet I'm about to take my queen
out to dinner and I'm actually taking
her to the same spot I took her on our
very first date so tonight's a little
special I guess you can say shit
she doesn't walked in looking like a
full-course snack not a meal a snack you
don't even gotta get ready she she
talking about she not ready you know
when you get ready like super super
quick and it's not your full potential
so you want to let people know that
because you're literally not ready how
might happen into us that's me a family
that's all my queen needs is ten minis
but yet tonight just some little just a
little appreciation night just showing
her how much I appreciate her of course
of course and how much she appreciates
me and how fine she is the last few days
yep oh hell no baby you gotta get the
hair out your eyes honey that's why you
can't see shit you can't see nothing
honey
say sorry
hey say sorry no sorry
baby L say sorry
good yeah go ahead yeah go ahead and
weigh yourself
but yet tonight should be fun if you're
curious to know where we're going to
keep watching or if you're an ace family
member that's been there since day one
you should already know so just comment
below feel any finish getting ready
oh no she didn't she put their heels on
- as you can see my queen - Skyy our
toes done so she had to pull out the
hills oh jeez okay does it look good it
looks great all right family if you're
watching this right now take a
screenshot in three two one
y'all do it alright so right now make
sure you tweet us your picture we'll see
y'all at dinner peace hello hello hello
let me get that door for you mm-hmm U+
lambo equals heart attack our first date
I took you on a scooter no I'm taking
you a little Lambo no you think I mean
that car over there no offense to people
who have scooters scooters are cool -
okay
and we're here and we have made it baby
would you like to tell them where we are
we are at Nobu
thank you
is it crazy how we went on a date here
three years ago and a year and a half
after that we started YouTube and now
we're here
else here that's crazy think about a lot
can happen
really quickly and it was a successful
dinner did you enjoy it
very why everyone's looking at us so
where is dream Oh paparazzi over here
trying to hide I see y'all uh-huh all
right guys so we just got home and when
I shot Ellis sleeping board to find out
I thinking she sleep with Grandma
my baby asleep
today has been a fun positive happy
romantic day while I'm trying to talk
today's oh you go here all right family
it is late and it is time for Catherine
I to go to sleep thank you to everyone
who tuned in as always before we close
out our video we do what to give our
pulse of the case of shout out to
whomever here been hearing the phone
so our poll simply keeps you shut out
person today goes to Dane Cardenas
shout out to you bro I told Katherine he
seems like a good dude I like his vibe I
think he and I would get along so if
you're watching this video right now bro
hit me up side of my DMS I know it
sounds weird hit me up maybe we'll go to
a basketball game or some shit I swear I
will start hanging out with some my nice
family members we honestly just love you
all so damn much whoever else like a
pulse invocation shadow all you got to
do is subscribe today's family turn on
our postal vacations and once you do
that just comment when done and
obviously if you like this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen over there who's
watching her face always safe we'll be
back with more videos
