hey welcome back guys what's going on
everybody you want to say hi so we are
currently in the mall looking for
bedding for some of our eight family
members that we'll be sleeping over what
I'm thinking comfortable comfortable let
me see that let me see that okay okay
let me get some shams alright guys so
we're currently looking for some pillows
for you guys
this one's soft oh this one I'll fill
this one this one nice okay so this week
Cathy and I are we picking our first
winner for the month of December there
would be a total of three winners one
for the month of December one for the
month of January and one for the month
of February and what I mean by three
winners is it could be a family that
wins it could be an individual person
that wins or it could be a group of
friends that win I'm gonna be honest I'm
kind of sad because ever since Katherine
and I have announced a sleepover
surprise a lot of you guys have came out
of the Woodworks and just randomly start
showing love and I've also noticed that
people that's been showing love since
day one but it kind of hurts me a little
bit because it's just like all of a
sudden you want to show love because you
want to sleep over a house you know it's
it's kind of messed up but I'm hoping
even if you don't win you still continue
to show love you still continue to be a
part of the ACE family that's what I
honestly hope at the end of the day
Katherine I love you all no matter what
but this week will be so
much fun picking the first winner right
baby she ain't even here what the hell I
just said what I say you girls excited
to pick the first winner this week for
the sleepover
let me see what you have let me see hey
hey what are you doing let me see let me
see it baby what do you have a me see
let me see what come here
hey come back here come here little girl
go back she's looking around look
look she looking at Luke she's like
where's that day yeah l-look at this
cool penguin right here oh he's cool
you like him be care oh what the who's
game kiss she love him oh okay okay okay
but we don't know where this penguin bit
okay this is put them right here you say
bye to him old store all right guys we
got pillows for you guys we got
comforters for you guys we got sheets
for you guys everything brand-new for
you guys hopefully this can fit in the
Jeep you think it'll fit najiba you
think it
you think it'll fit the Jeep of it yeah
okay cool she knows everything all right
the moment of truth will everything fit
it's looking good thank you thank you so
much have a good holiday what is that
that you have there you wanna show the
ACE family okay so this is called sand
and it says it literally won't get messy
literally uh-huh
all right guys we just got home and
Katherine and I got this stroller as a
gift for my mom and we've been meaning
to show it to you guys this is the
coolest stroller in the game you want to
see all the other strollers Oh
back away from my shadow I wanna hit
dream well show them go ready for this
what no so the hall we put it back
together and now when you're in a rush
and you're trying to get back in your
car this is what you do down all right
guys so here's the before and here's the
after after so here's it before and
here's the after after as you can see
this one has a little bit different
flavor to it with the ivory blanket what
you think that is nice okay there that
one question why do you match the bed
you blend right in so what else you
think we need in this room there's a
couple more items
it's definitely missing night table yes
so ace family we obviously need more
things around the house but we're pretty
much done so we'll be ready for our
first
all right guys this is what's about to
go down grandma has never been in our
Lambo matter of fact she has never been
in anyone's Lambo so today will be
grandma's first time in a Lamborghini so
she has no idea how fast it is but
knowing me I like to have fun and I like
to go fast so it's a must we got to get
grandma's reaction I already know
grandma's gonna be like got it yeah
careful
it's a little tight squeeze is there
anything for my water I guess don't act
crazy don't go too fast you see but all
right all righty it's like an airplane
in here
of course it will allow me to shift
gears know myself and in sport is like
that says racin we want support no we
don't draw it as more like chill you
like strong right you you like to what
are these gadgets
airplane
it's pretty comfortable though right
maybe cuz it's so low the car is so low
to the ground yeah
not for my team
some Italian
it's like to race their car
I got the Nerds have a little mirror I
thought we was in automatic yes mommy
she gonna speed we're doing good like
the speed right hand like this be
making sure no ones
insight put in what is more look the
camera the camera the camera can
maintain the speed we going we're going
this is precious cargo your grandfather
made wonderfully was ever drove through
a drive-thru in a Lambo
pixal probably know what you want
you don't want them roll ticket oh yeah
can we also get I heard you guys got the
new Taco Bell corndogs no okay I hear
you grandma
oh
I forgot my wallet
we're gonna come right back and live
right at the street I forgot my wallet
is that cool thank you how the hell am I
in a Lambo and don't got no money to buy
Taco Bell's guy damn that might be the
first time I ever have got a red light
grandma you know what that means right
Austin is breaking the law the Lambo you
know what that means when a fast car
just a red light right what is
everything huh don't put that you put
that hole in sport
that was crazy
that's crazy behind a hundred and 2.8
seconds guys I'm so glad my grandma got
to experience the Lambo yeah never
coming back in this car in the speed of
the Lambo and I love my grandma so much
I would do nothing to hurt my grandpa
but she had experience in one time
everyone who has opportunity to be in a
Lambo should definitely take the
opportunity without pasta whether it's
low or as fast you will trust Austin the
only one stole
I know what about to be at the house
soon what do you want to go back you
talk about yeah yeah so the next person
that I want to experience this is gonna
be grandpa you think you look Julian
he likes living on the age
I like people living on the edge I like
that what would you describe the speed
of that of the level fry me Frankie when
we drop you off all right so since no
one wants to go to Taco Bell with me I'm
gonna just go ahead and switch cars and
let dream get some rest
but all I gotta say is deep down inside
my grandma I loved it
okay she wish on the front all right so
let's go ahead and take Shelby to get
some Taco Bell all right guys so I just
got back home Taco Bell and they got
this new like rap taco it's called like
a chicken taco rap and I'm telling y'all
right now that this looks absolutely
fired
I bet did you hear that grandma had a
great time not really man that far
behind us she fell asleep wear shoes all
right let's take a look at toes
they still have paint on them oh you do
have paint on them
oh look Utah's Oh lookit mommy's toast
no no you have to get them done it's
okay they're still beautiful to see him
what is still pretty oh look at my
little baby all right guys thank you to
everyone who tuned in as always all
right ace family makes you guys stay
tuned for an upcoming video this week
you guys are not gonna want to miss who
wins our first sleepover here's a lot of
you guys have been asking are there any
restrictions to win the sleepover
doesn't matter what age you are where
you're from everyone has a chance to win
a lot of you guys have been asking how
are we gonna pick the winner so we
decided that we're gonna pick people
that we see consistently show a lot of
love and support and from that handful
of people that we decide we're gonna be
showing everyone who those people are
and then we're gonna be picking out who
the winner is through a rap once that
person is picked or two people are
picked they can also bring another
person with them and then we'll have
someone from our team handling the rest
from there and then you'll be coming in
spending the night with us ace family
you guys don't understand how excited we
offer this sleepover so it has always
been a dream of ours because we honestly
feel like all of you are part of our
family and why not have a few of our ace
family members sleep here why not so
before we close out this video we do
have to give our poll sonication shout
out to whoever so this post
certification shout out actually goes to
someone who i've noticed a million times
I always notice her on my Twitter and
I've actually noticed her as well
through my Instagram and through YouTube
channel really yes I've noticed her a
lot she'd be out here yeah so I want to
give a shout out to you and I love you
very much I've actually tweeted you
before so today's posted a vacation
shout out goes to page noel underscore
so shout out to you girl thank you so
much for being a part of the ace family
and having our posts on vacations turned
on whoever else like a post
notifications shout out all you got to
do is subscribe to the ACE family turn
on our post notifications and comment
when done and obviously if you liked
this video you got to give it a thumbs
up give it a thumbs up if you ready for
this sleep over so like comment share
and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful clean always safe we'll be
back with more videos
