they Stanley merch drops today wait
oh no just tomorrow whoo-hoo
it drops tomorrow hey welcome back
what's going on everybody so before we
get into today's video we first want to
start out by saying happy Thanksgiving
to all of our eighth family members we
appreciate all of you for being a part
of our family they're part of our family
right right yeah why you Cheerios you so
beautiful I see this little fur little
fur vest you got on this cute okay I
won't touch it okay okay
is it good Cheerios good yeah okay so as
we mentioned in our last video our new
merch will be dropping tomorrow so if
you don't know about our newly revamped
website it's right over here
it's right there WWH family dot-com so
since it is Thanksgiving and you know
Kathryn and I are always giving back we
decided and this is something that we've
been thinking about for a while now
that if you go to our website and cop
some merch will be giving five lucky
winners $1,000 - it's easy all you're
gonna do is go to our website cop some
merch once you receive the march in the
mail with a hand written letter from us
then that means you have won $1,000 so
once you get the package if you guys
feel comfortable enough fill me your
guys the reaction of you winning we
would love to feature you guys all one
of our blogs so makes you cups of
merchants join the family so we noticed
there was a little bit of a confusion
yesterday with you guys thinking that
everything was sold out on our website
but that was just our way of giving you
guys a preview of everything that's on
there that's gonna be dropping tomorrow
so before we show you guys the biggest
Christmas tree ever we're gonna go see
what's cooking in the kitchen because we
are hosting our Thanksgiving party here
at the house so my grandparents are the
chef's for today's celebration can you
guys please explain to the ACE family
what we got going on over here first
happy things
to everyone this is chef cheap ah as in
grandpa and over here we have chef Geum
ah hey today what we're serving is first
of all we brined a turkey has been in
the bucket over there for the last 24
hours is stuffed with a whole bunch of
goodies we're going to be putting that
on the grill we're also going to have a
prime rib roast which I am going to put
a nice rub on which will be brown sugar
black pepper salt that sort of thing
where you live through you later it's
absolutely and to top it off we want to
just do a little track tip for those who
want a little tri-tip love slices though
a very nicely and what dessert will
cookie my famous German chocolate cake
made from scratch that's the beginnings
of it it'll be a cake later on today but
have you ordered your merch from wwas
family Khanna grandma knows what
bringing the cooking outside I see to
our new Weber smoker is the Jeep is is
the Jeep helping you guys cook because
let's move it a little bit these caramel
apples inside so we're gonna start with
the roast where's my doing here okay
gonna set that in there then we're gonna
take our other great and we're gonna do
that we're gonna take mr. Thanksgiving
here and we're gonna sit that on the
grill we're gonna cover so my
grandparents are cooking at delicious
Thanksgiving feast Catherine are not
gonna finish running some errands
because family should be here any minute
so who should we take on this
Thanksgiving Day so obviously
take a dream because we need to take her
out every chance we get
just being able to take this car down
the street we try our best to take you
out any chance we can get dream huh huh
what'd you say you heard me she says
what she said where's Carlos you said
where's Carlos we we make it moves so
captain just went side the grocery store
to grab a couple items for Thanksgiving
and so I decided to stay outside and
show my appreciation for dream
dream I just want you to know that I am
beyond thankful to have you in my life
and I just want you to know that I
appreciate you more than you would ever
know
people looking at me crazy so we come
home and mom babe is eating her
delicious pancakes
so his pancakes Jie Jie Jie's you hungry
on this Thanksgiving morning yeah okay
she has a big girl fight same girl why
are you so cute why is this the cutest
thing right now
alrighty family are you guys ready to
see our humongous Christmas tree and you
guys know I usually like to do montages
after I show things but this time we're
gonna hit y'all ass with a montage
beforehand y'all ready
what you do you just move my montage
which a little naked but what what so
close that girl put your clothes back on
dude thank you baby
you look so beautiful okay all right
ease family what do you guys think about
our Christmas tree probably a thousand
so as you guys can see we have super
super top ceiling so we want to make
sure that we got a top tree and this
tree happens to be almost 15 feet tall
so I wanted more of like a traditional
tree so that's why I kind of picked like
the poinsettias to go look around the
tree and then I wanted to pick some
golds and then some Reds and then a
little bit of green to like bring it out
a little bit which one's your favorite
order mail huh which one do you like do
you like the red one do you like the
green one which one do you like that one
girl you like a ma huh you know they're
cool okay let's see how tall you are
compared to the tree Scoob back well are
you so small al do you want Santa to
bring you Christmas gifts this year huh
which one's yours
which one's the e Wow good job baby
so the reason why we decided to put the
Christmas tree in the corner and not in
the middle is because we want room for
the presents to be laid out all right
here and we're also going to be getting
more furniture we're gonna be getting a
coffee table to be placed right from the
couch so if the tree was in the middle
there would be no room in between so I
think this is a perfect spot for the
tree
so um we'll be honest Catherine I kinda
didn't want to show you guys a Christmas
tree during the day because it does not
do it any justice compared to at night
so if you do not follow us on snapchat
make sure you follow us because we're
gonna be taking some nice pictures of it
at night Catherine and I are still
looking for some artwork to be placed
here on these walls so if you're an ace
family member who
interested that can create some dope art
please slide in our dance oh grandpa
what do we have here
you might show next family what it is
hmm did you create this now have an
update on the turkey we have about two
more hours we really should be where we
need to be that's a big girl good job
baby you guys know you guys CL that's
had it on grandpa hey baby you like that
out you like it
what's a ride an Geneva the Thanksgiving
I thought his name was Romeo
where's daddy going baby
SiC
so we came outside to ride patty but
fortunately patty died
we haven't charged her in quite some
time so I feel kind of bad but she does
have the view so as you can see she's
parked right here because she like - she
likes to meditate at the view
all right family everyone should be here
any minute
any minute now so we're gonna go ahead
in this video shore and spend some time
with family would you like to say
anything else today family
do you appreciate them are you thankful
for them do you love days family anyone
give me a kiss Ulysse gone by so no
myself and a family don't forget our
merch is dropping tomorrow so get it for
a song about guys so before we close out
our video we do have to give our post
notifications shout outs a little bit
today's post a vacation shout out goes
to Jocelyn might oh yeah
so shout out to you so shout to you girl
thank you so much for being a part of
the ACE family and having our post
indications turned on whoever else like
a postal indication shut off all you got
to do is subscribe today's family turn
on our post notifications and comment
when done and obviously if you like this
video you've got to give it a thumbs up
give it a thumbs up you're part of the X
family so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
beautiful Queen always say we'll be back
nah damn look how beautiful this woman
is
absolutely gorgeous
just even no standing right here god
damn
