hey ace family you guys already know
what time it is
you guys PI don't know what the hell I'm
talking about cuz it's been so damn long
like so long hopefully I remember how to
do this and yes people as you can read
by the title I will be pulling let's get
married right now prank on Cathy oh my
god so for the people who are new to the
ACE family it has probably been about
three to four months since the last
prank
I think Catherine pulled the last prank
on me I can t remember what it was
that's how long ago it was and that is
why it is the perfect opportunity to
pull this prank today because one she
will not be expecting you to she just
bought me a new Lambo so she thinks I'm
loving there and I wouldn't pull a prank
on her but she might have to think again
shit I don't care pulling a prank to me
is a sign of love okay so this is what's
about to go down as you guys just
witnessed l and Catherine are upstairs
in the room sleep it is still early so
as Catherine gets up and starts getting
ready I have to hide the camera
somewhere I got to use a little bit of
finesse now we have a lot of things to
do today so she's gonna be moving around
a lot but I have to find somewhere where
I can hide the camera and hopefully it's
somewhere where she still so we can have
conversation and that conversation is
going to be the prank that conversation
is going to be me telling her bevit why
don't we get married right now love you
so much we don't gotta wait we don't
have to tell nobody we can go what we're
wearing right now we can go to the
courthouse we can drive our asses to
Vegas and get married right now but what
you think and I'll be honest I'm kind of
nervous because I think she's gonna be
down
and I know a lot of you are gonna be
like that's messed up how can you do
that but the reality of it is is that
her and I have had conversations in the
past about waiting because it's gonna
take some time to set everything up as
you guys know it took me some time to
propose to her because I wanted things
done the way she deserved right I want
to make sure that it was perfect because
I didn't want to have no regrets we only
live once and this woman deserves the
world so it only makes sense for the
wedding to be the same way it has to be
thought out it has to be planned and I
want it to be as best as it can possibly
be because that's what she deserves so
understand that and hopefully this prank
works so maybe she'll think like I've
changed my mind and I'm just in a rush
to get married for whatever reason and
right now while all of you are all
anxious cuz I know it's been a while
since I prank Katherine give this video
a thumbs up right now you know me I'll
wait in here all day until you get this
video thumbs up shit I got time shit you
did it okay cool all right the only
thing I'm nervous about is hiding the
camera somewhere to where you can hear a
conversation that's the only thing I'm
nervous about cuz once I had the camera
the rest is history
you know what I'm saying I'm about to
get her little fine ass alright y'all
I just want to make everything like
wages
machine
so you got hot like you're inflating
like a big way all right and you know
how I'm always like oh my gosh is such a
hey like this is so much we have to like
plan for I was thinking like why don't
we just skip all that plane in like just
take very today I go to the courthouse
like Java Vegas or wherever they do it
and just be very today we want to tell
anybody I'm gonna film it it's just
like a dress or something get my hair
done yes I'm not doing no I think we can
take so but you don't come Mary I think
I don't get married right away
if we could get like a registration or
something no no we're just not I'm just
gonna go so a bonus isn't it really just
hurry up
you don't know anything well I just
don't you tell me why my ceremony
what do you mean like like actually
there twice because we can get married
like making out the papers and stuff
that we're officially made and then and
like my hero my library when we do the
actual white no less gonna be very mad
why'd you marry me
like like ceremony I don't really care
for a ceremony you just get married too
soon for me let me get a big wedding
yeah you don't care what a big way
Austin you're freaking annoying
it was really tough to get married today
my baby was really trying to get married
today
oh man maybe you know we want a plan a
big wedding you know how I am when it
comes to like this like you have to have
the best the proposal was good you know
the wedding got to be better you know
that could you marry like this do you
stop instead we do not feel bad for her
because we'll be getting married very
soon like very soon we can get the paper
as though we can get the papers have
done before an actual wedding like dead
serious guys I should help I shouldn't
have pulled this prank on her because
now I got her thinking about all type of
shit I mean we're not in a rush exactly
we're not in a rush it already feels
like we're married so wedding don't even
matter well matters but you know not
right now right you guys you gonna do it
right
I gotta thinking about doing it today
that's crazy
all right family daddy is back Maddie is
back with the pranks with the Freys hey
give this video a thumbs up right now if
you already ready for the next prank and
all I gotta say is I got her little
nasty yes I got her ass good because you
know daddy got the bitch no why cause it
was very unexpected that's why though
it's been like four months since I
pranked you I mean we're happy
all right y'all obviously give this
video thumbs up like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
soon to be married to Queen always say
more videos I'm gonna prank you next
time I'm gonna get you never piece
