someone told me things don't exist in
real life these days now also what are
you doing
baby I can already tell what you're
trying to do
you're stuck what come here baby
to save you come on come on hold on
we're stuck be careful I'll I'll get out
of the way come on cool cool thank you
all right now come on
oh you're in the way let's go dude let's
go
come on come on girls get ill why we
made this I'd be careful be careful all
right now let's try to push it down the
stairs
you ready gonna help daddy pushing on
the stairs all right come on push
scary see huge I need your help again
hope daddy flips for push daddy come on
help daddy push come on up that you push
come on
what okay now one more thing daddy no
here we go Oh Oh what one right here oh
no oh no no no no no no no you're not
doing it
sorry you're not doing it put one right
here ah you're not doing it boy
if your daughter trying to go down the
stairs now
can you grab her please okay push come
on push good good good good
hi no this is looking to injuring like a
really bad injury why don't we have one
mores away Wow yeah we got one all right
so what are you doing now we have a lot
of stairs come on let's go
all right care do you care to explain
now yeah okay so we want to start off
with this vlog barring intense I want to
get a stand on their toes instantly you
know so that's not annoying I'm tired
okay hopefully Jesus so what are you
planning on doing cuz you're definitely
not jumping off this railing that's
exactly what I'm doing I didn't want to
think about this first thing here
because we just moved into this house
and I'm already doing crazy shit all
right I mean it's not that far of a drop
what oh yeah I think about this for a
second do I want to continue making
youtube videos with my beautiful family
or Austin I don't think you're so out of
breath but you don't want to risk it all
I don't know how this is worth it I
don't know this looks like so much fun
you know me I'm all about having fun
okay don't do it and especially don't do
it in front of Al I don't understand
that okay guys before I make this
attempt please do not try this at home
kids that are watching this is not smart
okay this is stupid okay but um I love
you guys too much and you know content
has to be made so this is what we're
doing this morning
right now Oh God so why don't you go in
the room and grab a teddy bear and see
how it lands hi
listen to L baby okay you wanna kiss you
baby goodbye okay okay okay okay baby
you can put those down I told y'all from
the pig your nails and a little bit okay
okay okay
here kiss you kiss your baby she's
trying to get on her nail polish okay
she wants daddy to paint her toenails
later okay kiss your baby goodbye hug
hug your baby okay kid kiss give kiss
kiss your baby okay you know I can't
throw it down
oh my god he's another one now okay can
I cut though this baby down okay you can
throw the first one down now
all right say bye say bye to you baby
say bye okay okay here we go guys
all right guys so this is what's gonna
look like when just my foot lands I
guess okay you ready here goes here goes
nothing
all right guys I think I'm ready for
this my jump fall off the side of one of
love sex and hit the time that's gonna
hurt exactly that's scary so I think I
just have to just do it I keep talking I
just got to do it they're all waiting
for you to do it
you diagnose knuckles Wow Austin well we
need I'm a weenie I'm a weenie oh come
on do it
this looks a lot easier than actually is
okay you know what there's somebody so
I'm actually really scared this is what
I'm gonna do
hates family if this video gets over
200,000 200,000 thumbs up I'm gonna do
it in the next video and I put that on
everything so how are you gonna do it
what do you mean like how are you gonna
jump off I'm just gonna just jump over
what yeah
so this video it's over 200,000 thumbs
up I'm gonna do it next video because
right now I don't know if it's worth so
you really want detail okay so piggy
paint its natural as mud they really got
nail polish for babies all right el what
color do you want
hi baby
so I get ready wow you're doing a decent
job oh that one yes
guy did a good job you like her okay
Oh beautiful yeah what you want to do it
again they're already good which one I
gotta do which one I have to do
I don't want to flood them I'm not okay
beautiful beautiful you like it she says
no I can't I knew there was gonna come a
time where daddy had to paint her
toenails but I didn't think it was gonna
be this soon
meaningless BC doors oh look at those
pissy toes are you matching mama now are
you matching mama yeah okay oh my god I
can't believe her toes are painted come
on mama I want to see you walking you
like them see you walk with them toes so
cute oh now you want to do Daddy's
toenails what what you want to you want
you knows what how does she know hey
let's do daddy's toenails
let's do daddy's yeah serious yes yeah
what not that that's tough not that
that's toes thank you very or this one -
yeah get a dip it dip dip it dip it in
there
you got any some more you need more oh
you don't need more okay good no just
just I can't just just the nail part
okay maybe you're painting my actual
foot
what about mommy yeah I give you mommies
Charles you gotta finish me baby she
wants to do mine now
so I did half the job all right let me
goes my turn all right
what kind of nail salon do you run you
fire honey
you fire all right you gotta get my toe
nail no up here oh look up here Wow
take it my toes ha how'd you get a
license to do this yo why is this the
cutest thing ever
there's a huge big tub right there you
can get you're quite the artiste alive
leave McBroom what data needs more oh
yeah I do need more go ahead with me up
ever hook me up hook me up
let me show you how you do it give me
like this look I'm going to show you go
like this and you go like this
Oh Mama's a pro like look how good yours
look compared to mommy and daddy's thank
you okay okay
that's tipper we got it we got a tipper
do you have money no okay so what should
we tipper with some candy uh-huh you are
money okay well how did you know what
are your rates this shit should be free
what the hell $5.00 my sis should be
free I want a refund
hey excuse me I want a refund yeah give
me a refund bruh this is a mistake
I'm never coming to you ever again yeah
you you just killed but don't know what
you're doing yeah yeah I gotta now damn
it looks a lot higher from down here
guys I'm very curious enough about their
Christmas already I think now is a good
time to get one right Saturday we're
going to shopping for a Christmas tree
because this year we were having a
Christmas party at our house so as you
guys know this room right here is
massive so we're gonna try to get the
biggest Christmas tree possible and
we're gonna probably put it right there
in that corner and we will be getting an
artificial Christmas tree because it's
just wrong to get a real one matter of
fact we all need to go outside and hug a
tree right now you two ain't family if
you're just sitting in that house
watching this video right now you need
to go outside and hug a tree it's good
luck should we all just go on the tree
right now let's go hug a tree right now
let's go ladies does this family know
why hugging trees or white trees in
general are beneficial why beben why so
what tree should we hug I think this is
a good not action let's do this
treatment yeah let's do this tree over
here
actually we should it a big palm tree
yeah yeah yeah let's go let's go why
that tree you feel it today before you
hug this tree baby would you like to
explain today's family while hugging a
tree is so beneficial depression
headaches
less hugs okay you go first okay you hug
the tree now I'll you hug it hug it no
you can't be on the phone while hugging
it doesn't work like that you can talk
to
Shaniqua later okay here shaniek was
back shiny claw here she's want to talk
to you okay
good job baby good job proud of you but
you just did you just kiss the tree hey
I think you're giving the tree a little
too much lovin now honey
let Daddy hug the tree now daddy hugging
the tree because trees need loving too
okay no you know what's crazy too is
like we were actually doing this the
other day off camera I want to hug that
tree
I don't like alright let's go to the
other trees old come on let's go hug we
should share hold daddy's hand
history hey Sam I'm not sure how long he
supposed to hug a tree but I think I
felt the energy transfer over into my
body
yeah tell shamika's she's gonna go to
sleep let me talk Anita let me talk to
him let me talk to Shaniqua
Nick what you need stop talking my
daughter she's filming a video right now
okay she got it go by
alright family I think we're in the
video right here like I said stay tuned
for next video because we're gonna get
the biggest Christmas tree you've ever
seen and I may be jumping you've been
talking to Shaniqua this whole video and
I may be jumping off the staircase next
video so stay tuned for that and don't
forget our merch will be out in a few
days for Black Friday so stay tuned for
that and our furniture arrives Tuesday
so you guys know what that means I do
want to say that we tried the samples
for new merch and literally a 1 that's
so amazing guys are gonna love them so
make sure you're ready to copy your
merchants join the family thank you all
for tuning in as always before we close
out this video we do have to give our
notification shout out to who better I
memorize if I'm just gonna read it
anyway just make sure so today's post
notifications shoutout goes to zuni
perez so shout out to you shout to you
girl thank you so much for having our
what I feel like we always give shout
outs to girls because guys aren't
showing love
well my fellows that you know what I
love when guys come up to us in public
and tell us that they watch us I feel
like guys don't want to admit that
they're part of the age that my
girlfriend watches you oh my sister
Martin see it's okay bro it's okay to be
a part of a family like I'm a guy why
can't we be cool nah but shout to use
any thank you so much for having our
post on vacation turned on whoever else
like a post indication shout out all you
got to do is subscribe to the Hayes
family turn on our pulse notifications
and then comment when done obviously if
you like this video you've got to give
it a thumbs up like I said over 200,000
likes and I'm gonna jumping off the
staircase so like comment share and
subscribe and like me and my beautiful
family always say be back more videos
peace what oh you want to say bye Oh
