so for those who follow me on snap you
know that day I got the Lambo
I slept in it I literally spent the
night in the Lambo so my best friend
needs me up he congratulate both Kathryn
and I and then he says bro do you mind
if I come over and sleep in the Lambo so
we came over last night before I fell
asleep he was in one of the rooms so I
was thinking he was gonna fall asleep in
the room but he really fell asleep in
the Lambo
ace then he really fell asleep in the
Lambo wait does he got his toes out oh
hell no is it touching the windshield
mmm is it she better not be touching a
windshield no it's not he's really
sleeping what the hell I thought he was
joking I'm about to wake his ass up
that's crazy cuz like I literally been
here since the third grade with his
delayed packing lunches for school
hopping all buses after school guys this
car right here in has always been a
dream of ours since we were young and I
told you guys before like obviously this
is material shit this doesn't mean
anything but to us this car has so much
meaning behind it so much it's
monumental because you know I remember
when literally we just found out that
Katherine was pregnant they just got
back from Eastern Washington Washington
and move to LA exam got back moved back
to LA from Eastern Washington had barely
any money to the name they're in a super
tough situation Austin didn't know you
know what he was gonna do with you know
his basketball he's trying to go to the
NBA so he didn't he didn't know if he
was gonna do that or go overseas and
actually crazy because I remember the
day that he came back he was asking me
for $50 $50 that's good yeah just hate
me right now so to see you know them go
from that to where they are now we're
literally sitting in a Lamborghini right
now in his dream house with his dream
family inside the house so you guys can
just imagine how so you guys can just
imagine how blown away I am you know at
this anybody who's a part of the ACE fam
you guys know that there's such great
people but I can honestly say as
somebody who's always around them there
are some of the most humble people I
know as damn damn I wasn't expected to
say all that I got you man appreciate it
bro that's crazy
you know what you said that like I
remember asking her 50 bucks bro like I
needed that $50 yeah you make sure you
have money I'm pretty sure okay the
crazy thing to me is like whoever is new
to the ACE family all they see is like
our
right mm-hmm but for the ACM members
that's been there since day one they
know that it hasn't always been like
this yeah they've seen us work our ass
off they've seen the grind they've seen
us at our low they've seen us
not necessarily high but they see our
growth yeah you know and I think that is
special to Kathryn and I it still hasn't
hit you not has it like ever since we
started this whole YouTube thing it
Lily's feels like we've been dreaming
like like we were destined to do this
bro like there was a reason why I didn't
go to the league or why I'm not playing
professional basketball God had other
plans for me he knew that he had other
plans for us to not only be successful
but to be able to help other people yes
and to be an inspiration to other people
oh no bro like when I talk about stuff
like this I get like a little emotional
so I don't like to get too much into
detail but letting out a family you guys
know how Casta and I feel we appreciate
you guys everyday so I appreciate you
well and for those who don't know who
trades like I said he's been there since
third grade
he's an upcoming artist that is gonna
blow up any minute now he's been in the
music game for a couple years now and
he's been grinding to obviously create
his own brand so one day he's also gonna
have a Lamborghini and we're gonna be
able to make moves together which is
dope so whoever doesn't know about his
music makes you go check out his music
tell me where they can get it bro nah
bro you got a plug you know
nah he's family go show him love you
know where his Instagram is that my
brother's head follow me on instagram
you find anything and everything on
there stay tuned to his music telling
you right now yeah he's gonna be the
next upcoming artists your love y'all
hey hey what's going on everybody so
right now I'm currently waiting for
Katherine the Katherine
there she is but to get ready to run
some errands and you guys are coming
with us by the way guys we do have a
name for her the Lambo
her name is dream what you guys think
you guys like it dream Katherine like
the name Gia but I think dream fits this
car the best because they could either
be a boy or a girl she's telling you
she's Italian dream so her name is dream
I think if it's best for her because it
is a dream car so her name is dream so
everyone welcome dream to the family
wait so don't we have stuff to do today
ya know you want to take the Jeep and
stay no said you can hold more stuff I
will figure it out we've got more
examples we just got done running
errands we somehow ended up at a grocery
store but I'm not sure how we're
supposed to get groceries in this car I
told you we should have taken the Jeep
all right but I'm sure when you make
sure you're getting a cart no we can
only fit small items right my item oh
yes small item small item turkey bacon
small item small item by the way it's
the best bread in the world thank me
later
small item small item small item smile
smile somewhat of a small item
definitely a small item 65 percent less
fat
Oh No should I do it I have to do it
come here could be organic shit guys I
don't think it has ever been done before
going grocery shopping it's such a small
car but we don't try to make it happen
alright so as you guys know the trunk is
in the front of the car so hopefully it
has enough room for all these damn
groceries oh gosh okay
boxes oh my gosh there's so much more
stuff than we thought
alright let's just move everything yeah
so let's put all of this in here
strategically put all the big stuff
first I'm assuming you can fit about
three bags how many bags we got total
one two three four five six bags shit
alright alright look top ramen baby I
think this is a bad idea don't smoosh
the chicken like that honey
this was definitely a bad idea whose
idea was this this is your idea I didn't
know we were going to the grocery store
baby this is just not smart okay
Oh God Batman if we put this down oh god
we could I guess we just ride like that
I think we can get back the house is
closed what's crazy though is like we
have stuff that was already in the trunk
and that definitely won't fit alright
let's let's think this through for a
second okay so we got the food here we
got the Lamborghini stuff I think we
should I think that we should put some
of the stuff back in there and then some
of the food and the boxes on top of me
and by my feet and I think okay you
smart baby let's do that I'm proud of
you baby you thought this through
yeah you're smart you're intelligent
that's why I married you
yes we do
you know I like using this as Ritalin
they're like I don't know it's just like
Suze my heart I know awesome but you
need to stop and slow down
I mean I'm definitely a safe driver
don't get it twisted hmm you don't think
that I'm crazy because I'm not I'm a
safe driver I know when to go fast and
we made it
hopefully the chicken isn't squashed so
we come home and we finally have our TV
up and it looks nice I like it and we
also have a naked baby right here too hi
little naked baby you think it's funny
that's you naked you think it's funny
you think it's funny you think it's
funny as you naked Oh guys I do have to
show you guys something yo I was so
height oh and guys I do have to show you
something
I was so hiked when I got this do you
guys see what I see do you guys see what
I see go let's go yes it is a basketball
hoop we finally got a basketball hoop
I'm in dying to get one ever since we
moved into this house so shout out to DJ
and a judge they got it this basketball
hoop as a housewarming gift and two
basketballs they were over the house the
other day so shouts you guys thank you
guys so much
so whoever need that one-on-one daddy's
right here but as you guys know I am not
much of a handyman so hopefully we can
get someone over here to help us have it
hook our ace family this baby right here
is looking like baby Tarzan right now
she's a little dirty
her hair's crazy she does we'll go from
a nap she got Gatorade stains on her
lips and this gonna be our first bath in
our new home you ready baby are you
ready baby okay that's time all right
guys so that's gonna be our first bath
here in the new home and the other day I
went to lush and I got us some goodies
for me and Babette you want to go ahead
and see what's in there but go ahead
yeah got that for you look at this this
is for kids it's called the rainbow
play-doh
soap pretty cool oh I also got a
different color it's called the sea
monster you'll like that one and then
you also got look teeth bubble bath soap
look are you smelling it smells good huh
let me see let me see you hold it let me
see it against against your mouth oh
look teeth yeah it's my teeth yeah okay
so we're gonna put these two in there
and we're gonna make a huge fall back
like huge okay okay
I can throw that in the trash okay then
it traps redundant or just you know just
put it over there that's cool
okay baby oh so which one do you want to
use which one those two okay cool
oh look at what we did we had created so
now if we agree the biggest one that got
no higher with my montages let's get the
ask for the whole bad
when you feel
so do you want to get in no Danny
created the biggest bubbles for you you
want to keep him well that is going in
well if I can make it
let's make it happy you now look at them
look anything if it came up
you still bored let me see look see
Cassie you gorgeous so he hides a nice
family all right guys I'm not sure what
I look like my daughter's to put bubbles
on my face but thank you all for tuning
in today's video
we're in here Oh bubble bath we had to
go with you to is getting strength what
your mommy no kids yeah alright guys so
I'm gonna finally try to close this
video out thank you all for tuning in as
always don't forget in a few weeks we'll
be coming out with our black friday
merch so stay tuned for that on top of
that and right now we're picking some
ace family members to sleep over at our
house so make sure you're viewing our
videos make sure your like it makes your
commenting make sure you're sharing
anything just make sure you show all of
us the floor that's all it's still in a
few a seven members will be spending the
night and spending time with your family
alright guys that is it for today's
video
enjoy the rest of my night we love you
family okay okay um before the learner
anyway do it think about pulse
implications shut up to who have it I
got this one I want to give a huge shout
out to the valley girls I recently just
met them I recently just met them out I
recently just met them out they're
asking me about I recently just met them
out there trying started I recently just
met them now I'm gonna try to start a
YouTube channel so stay tuned for the
valley girls they let me come and see
you too very soon so shout out to you
girls and what else like a post on the
case your shoutout all you got to do is
subscribe today's family yeah Charla
post implications and comment when done
you know obviously if you like this
video you gotta give it a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
and my beautiful family always say be
back more videos see peace
