hey it's family so whether you're here
today because of the thumbnail or
because you're a nice family member or
you're just passing by I just want to
say that I am really excited for today
but I have been dreading a little bit
today's video because people aren't
gonna be very opinionated and I know
that and you know a lot of negativity
comes when people do these types of
things you know when you get new things
when you buy a house when you get cars
you know those type of things tend to
kind of bring a little bit of negativity
and we're all about positivity over here
as you guys know we work really really
hard I know you guys see you know a lot
that we put on camera but you guys don't
see what's off camera we are extremely
hard workers that's one thing that I
will say about us is um we're extremely
hard workers and our businesses are
doing well everything is doing well you
know our channel is amazing and thanks
to you guys I can't say that enough I
say that every day we are so blessed to
have the support that we have and we're
just happy to do what we do we're
destined to do what we do what I'm doing
today I never imagined that I would be
doing this especially so early on I
think that this is something that I
expected to maybe do here on in my life
you know like when I'm thirty 40 but um
it's crazy because Austin and I are
completely different people and and
completely the same people if that makes
any sense
when it comes to you know living in the
moment and doing things you know that
make you happy you know and working hard
and treating yourself and and giving
yourself motivation is something that
I've never done for myself I feel like
I'm just the type of person who just
saves save saves and I love to just see
the money in the bank and Austin's the
type of person that loves to just buy
things and have those things give him
inspiration and give him motivation for
the future and so that's one thing that
I will say about us is we do kind of
balance each other out and you know you
only have one life to
I don't want to be in my 50s and think
hey why didn't I do this I could have
done this you know I have the means to
do this why didn't I do that and so he's
been talking about having a Lamborghini
for the longest he loves the car make he
loves supercars he just loves cars and
you know there's people who love cars
and there's people who don't really care
about cars and that's kind of how I am
but just knowing that this is the one
thing that he wants just makes me feel
like I should give it to him
the past couple of weeks I've been
looking at cars and luckily we've had
Alan our manager helped me tremendously
I've learned more about supercars in the
past couple of weeks and had my entire
life I've actually never driven one so
this will be the first time I'm just
really excited to see the smile on his
face and just seeing that he's so
excited for you know everything that
we've built together so right now I'm
sitting right outside of the Lamborghini
spot Austin is actually with Alan or
manager
me and him teamed up so we kind of like
figure it out like the timing for today
so he's actually visiting a warehouse
for a new merch that's coming out on
Black Friday so stay tuned for that and
I'm here with ELLs grandparents and L so
they're over there looking at the car
I've literally haven't been able to
sleep for the past week I've been so
excited and I keep like wanting to like
drop hints to him but I couldn't and I
knew that I would be filming this I
wanted to make sure that I had the best
possible reaction and the most real and
true
experience but I realize about getting
this car is extremely difficult there's
so many things that take place to
getting this type of cars you know I've
been working on insurance for the past
two days I've been working on just
everything that I need to make sure that
this is possible and goes smoothly
luckily I have the best people in the
business helping me so what I'm gonna be
doing is I'm gonna be going inside I'm
going to show you guys the car I'm so
excited to show you guys the car you
guys are gonna freak out of his cars
amazing I can't even describe it like
literally when I saw it I was like this
is the one it happens to be Austin's
favorite color which is orange so
hopefully he likes it alright guys so
everything is finalized
I just went inside and spoke to them and
told them that I rather than bringing
the car outside and then just walk in
and show you the car I feel like it
would be a little bit better if I
surprised you guys as well so right now
I'm just waiting for them to get the car
ready I'm about to walk in and show you
guys the car oh my god my heart is
beating so fast are you guys ready
oh my gosh
oh my god oh my god this looks so good
oh my god oh my god oh my god it's
literally amazing oh my gosh I don't
even know what to say
so what do you think dad the sales guy
was telling me that it's the fastest
production car you guys hear that the
fastest at the fastest Lambo fastest
production car in the world that's crazy
let the Siva stomach this carbon fiber
is the first time this carbon fiber has
been used on these vehicles yeah I've
never seen this before sick I mean it's
crazy I wouldn t I'd be so afraid to
even drive it oh my god oh my gosh look
at this car guys and as you guys can see
it's obviously it's orange but it's like
a matte orange so this is the car guys
what do you guys think what do you guys
think of this car do you love it or do
you love it and I was thinking too it
has it has like the sticker over here
but I'm thinking about removing that
probably in a couple days
I don't think Austin will want it so
changes colors it does oh yeah for sure
yeah the car actually changes colors
depending on like how the Sun is hitting
it it looks like an orange hot like how
would you describe like um almost like
like no no no I've never seen this color
sorry I know it looks like fire driving
down the street that orange when fire
gets super extra hot it's not red
anymore it's like orange that's what
this is yeah the best car salesman of
all time
yes thank you what is this what is this
guess you got obviously your paperwork
you have your Lamborghini official
family hats cool and you have a romantic
than bikini candle awesome oh the one
that was in the bathroom yeah is such a
cool car and we can be happier going to
there's a perfect color is one-of-a-kind
this is the most expensive color the
Lamborghini currently makes Wow it's
rare because he's rare I literally have
no words I'm actually having anxiety
right now I'm just thinking about the
fact that I'm gonna drive this home and
give this to Austin Wow what do you
think I mean it's it's stunning I mean
it's fast if the fast production
Lamborghini ever made every part of it
is it knocks down terms of spec couldn't
be a more perfect carpet he's gonna love
it I know he's gonna go for sure he's
nothing I love it definitely well thank
you so much horse all right you guys
know that I can't leave here without
doing a montage like Austin always does
he'll be proud alright so I just asked
them to pull it back a little bit so I
can hit you in the montage and the Sun I
want to show you guys how it looks like
in the Sun it looks so freakin good oh
my god
what like a transformer
alright guys we're ready to go so before
I leave listen with a montage thank you
thank you alright I'm back so I just
pulled up to the house I've just been
informed by Alan our manager that Austin
is currently in the kitchen I've had the
craziest past couple of hours but I'm
finally here so I can't wait to see how
excited he's gonna be so what I'm gonna
do right now is go into the garage and
move two of the cars that we have and
park them on each side because they're
currently right next to each other and I
want the middle spot to be open because
I want to put this car in the middle
though the story behind this car is that
what L was born we went to Toys R Us and
we got her a whole bunch of toys and he
ended up getting this car and I was like
why are you getting that car and he's
like well one day I'm gonna have a Lambo
so I'm just gonna get this for now so of
course I remembered that and I found it
in Elle's closet and so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna walk inside blindfold
him he's not gonna know anything and I'm
gonna open the garage he's gonna see
this car but what he doesn't know is
that our car a new car the Lamborghini
is parked right outside but because I
can't turn the car off the engine is
super loud so I don't want him to hear
it I'm just gonna leave it on for now
luckily no one's around here so I'm just
gonna run inside
I'm gonna move the cars I'm gonna put
this in the middle like I said and I'm
gonna go inside blindfold him to come
out and suppose if so are you guys ready
to see this crazy surprise I'm literally
so nervous and heart is beating so fast
I wish you guys could feel how hard my
heart is beating right now this is so
crazy
you guys ready let's go I just moved one
of the cars so the empty spot is open
now all right guys it's time okay so now
I have to close this so
I'm gonna go inside blindfold him
have his dad pull the car so his dad
already knows I'm doing this obviously I
just gave him directions not when I go
inside he goes outside brings the car
over said welcome I'm so freaking
nervous about my hand shaking he was
getting me yesterday so now it's my turn
to get him oh you lucky I ran out all
right so um come here please all right I
have to blindfold you blindfold okay
follow my hands
dad trust her son Yeah right there I'll
push me in the pool I pay back okay come
on phone I'm up huh okay so now you're
just gonna follow me but you have to
walk kind of fast okay see
I gotta be that's your front door how to
visualize yeah this so you have to I'll
tell you one of its okay so now I just
went down like you first one
okay well oh it's hot alright so you're
gonna see your hand right over here so
Seoul is here now nobody's here stand
here alright now once what's one thing
that you've always wanted
you always talk about that you can watch
that you always wanted you
oh yeah yeah something that you've
always wanted you oh you always talk
about something you really want
I have it on a house
no you know you know you really want
candy Oh Jimmy always long can see I
don't know okay hey stop
no I'm Sami same with your bandana okay
uh take it off
okay
what what is this
shut
you see that the little toy you always
wanted one of these remember Osman I
have a surprise for you I have a
surprise for you
Oh Austin Austin about fucking yours
it's just awesome and open it's your car
Austin Austin are you listening no stop
no okay you maybe just there nothing
ranching no it's yours it's yours it's
yours
what do you think what do you frickin
tank up
Austin are you freakin giving me a
Austin what do you think what exactly
did I do a good job did I do a good job
this isn't rented right no do you like
it to be really messed up if it is
nothing please tell me that you like it
do you like the color
Oh
who
tonight with the camera down I want to
hug you
Ozzie
right now
I've been like thinking about you
driving
one of this car ever since I came out
the womb I wanted
colors crazy huh
you guys got to show me papers and this
is real I got to take a moment to
breathe research I hold my production
was okay like I don't like you have no
idea what it took to get this time you
have no idea where'd you get it
the guy we got it you like thing yo Osun
why are you not driving your car right
now let me think it all in bed man yeah
it's like surreal huh so surreal to me
you mixed that car that's the sexy brain
this is like it feels like I'm gonna
drain a dream like you know you're gonna
wake up and this is not gonna be there
shall we tell them the truth now know
that the prank is it's actually my car
who is playing this has to be the most
beautiful car I've ever seen
not just because it's my glove it's my
car it's a fastest Lamborghini and
actually has a two weeks ago it was the
fastest production car in the world
no one's ever sat in this car no one's
ever farted in the seats no one's ever
done anything in this car inappropriate
is brand new bad guys I'm speechless or
like dreams do come true
let me tell you that I want you to hear
the cars yeah how this thing sounds it's
crazy
wait stand back there stand back with
stand behind you're gonna start it now
let me start okay I could hear the doors
open I think you know where to start
the crazy thing is you've been test
driving these things for like the last
year kept telling me pop so I'm gonna
get one there I'm gonna get one I lay
out okay now that's like so I don't know
what that is what I said what is this
like like something so super silky
velvet suede suede suede velvet haze
family I don't care if y'all make fun of
me for crying about this car I'll shed a
million tears for this car I've dreamed
of having this car ever since I was a
little kid ever since I was a kid I
replayed myself having one of these cars
over and over and over again and like
now that like
my baby got me this shit
yo
like you've always been the best woman
in the world but now it's like are you
even real all I gotta say is I owe you a
lot of lovin like I know a lot of you
guys are probably like why is he so
hyped about a new car and I know it's
the material ship but for me this has a
lot of meaning behind it and I've worked
captain's works our family has worked
our ass off and it feels so good to be
able to reward yourself by getting stuff
like this and it's crazy because I
already have everything in my life that
I've always wanted beautiful fiance a
beautiful daughter a beautiful family a
beautiful home like what more can I ask
for God has blessed me so much I can
never ever repay him and of course I
can't forget about my ACN members thank
you guys so much for all the love and
support that you guys always continue to
show us obviously none of this wouldn't
be possible without you guys like
yeah I don't have to say felissa this is
Dryden I know this might not mean shit
to anyone else besides myself but it's a
symbol of your hard work exactly like
and people don't realize by having a
home like this and having a car like
this our car is like this like it only
makes you want to work that much harder
you know shame
I like so hydrater I'm freaking excited
we're going out to fish all right so can
you just drive it because I've been
waiting for this moment for so long see
if I remember how this works
oh no no no no no no no okay that's okay
okay that's not in the driveway let's go
home and use it as I can be I must build
a hose a little too exciting safety
first kids like how'd you know what
color to you well I guess I like what
you like so yeah but I'll talk about it
later
there's a lot of things I gotta tell you
about those car knows you'll see but I
mean I have to tell you the entire story
about it you know
53 miles I were to drag from
all right let's let's celebrate let's
save item a is ballerina we've been
filming for so long oh my god this
videos gonna be so long it's okay
this is my dress you guys can right you
guys watch this video
there's so many things that I want to
say but I I don't want to put it on
camera I want I want this to be more
sentimental and obviously have a lot of
things to tell you and
we haven't been able to really talk so
guys all I could say is a family like we
cannot thank you guys enough for all
your support honestly
like I'm over you I don't know ball guys
we're out of here all right all I gotta
say is obviously if you liked this video
you got to give it a thumbs up like
comment share thumbs up for everything I
just went through I know you guys won't
see it really on camera just to know
that this has been a mission alright
guys well we'll see you oh I'm just too
excited guys before we close out our
video we do have to give our poll
sonification shout out to who babe in
today's post notification shade oh goes
to jennifer martinez so shout out to you
Jennifer I love you so much girl I love
you she loves you today and I hope that
you win the ACE family sleepover because
whoever sleeps over our house I'm
definitely taking on a ride in this Oh
make sure you tune in to all my videos
make sure you like make sure you comment
makes you show love because whoever and
make sure you want to be on camera make
sure that you're cool with that but just
know if you get invited to sleep over at
a family house you will definitely get
invited
to hop in the newly so whoever else like
a post on vacations shout out all you
got to do is subscribe to the ACE family
my beautiful family make sure you turn
on our pulse notifications which is the
Bell button next to subscribe button
turn it on so you don't miss a video and
once you do that all you gotta do is
comment window like I said before you
gotta give this video a thumbs up like
comment share and subscribe and like me
if Yoda bye guys bye
