before we say our intro mommy and daddy
wanna kiss mommy - hey guys what's going
on everybody I'm not sure if you guys
heard that echo but we're in the what
does it call by that it's called the
family room so before we begin to this
video I do want to say that we are
working on some new March for you guys
you guys are gonna be obsessed when you
see what we're working we're coming out
with t-shirts coming out with she's even
excited we're coming out with t-shirts
we're coming out with hoodies and all I
gotta say is stay tuned for the drop
because I'm excited yeah so the HBM what
you get in my phone
Sean crack the entire screen cracked
screen everything is just cracked
I guess my phone is her phone guys the
trick when you have a baby is to give
them your phone cuz they're gonna want
your phone but put it on airplane mode
so they don't do anything crazy but the
only thing with that she says they can
delete apps and that's what sucks is
when they see something pivot she's
snapping vilas dad
Jonathan she says be be my bad what's
violet coming you haven't showed your
best friend your new home what she's not
here you won't buy that to come over
yeah okay we're gonna invite her over
okay okay so we're not sure what her
best friend violet schedules like
because she's a pretty busy baby but
we're gonna find out and hopefully get
her over here so she can see Elle's new
home so as you guys know we just do
and we still have a lot of furniture and
a lot of things to get for the house
everything's pretty much coming in this
coming week yo this echo is real I know
right
look how beautiful you are you look
extra gorgeous today
okay sit right there sit right there for
Dad thank you can you model ready 1 2 3
model cheese smile smile Oh model model
for the ACE family ribbit oh you take
what I tell you about taking selfies of
yourself go what guys L recently has
been doing this thing with her hair
where she like slicks it back she's like
and it's like the cutest thing ever
all her to do it let's see let's let's
see if I care do it oh that's the cutest
thing ever
who is that who is that by the way guys
this is a picture she pulled up
it's mama and daddy and Mama is
breastfeeding baby yes we do I know she
pulled it up and she said mom my dad
don't show you you can always tell them
if they give this video a thumbs up
right now guys I'm trusting you right
now to give this video a thumbs up if
you really want to see a whole picture
of Alex she was hmm
you ready oh look at the trunk is it
she looked like some Hawaiian bread look
this is extra chunky look look at this
lenders are never before seen picture
never before see that's all I get to see
now she looks like this don't show
yourself don't show yourself don't show
yourself our aggression are about to go
grab some food the other day Catherine
introduced me to the best bagel in the
world do you know what I'm talking about
just comment below I'm very curious to
know if you guys know what the best
pickle in the world I want to explain
that this bagel I love this bagel so
much that I might love it as much as I
love you like look at the way she look
at it hello tell about the bagel so this
bagel was introduced to my brother and I
when we were in our teens before we
would go to school my mom would stop by
this place and get a same bagel every
single morning and I remember just like
waking up and just wanting to get the
bagel where I was cool so they my
motivation so I just pull Austin about
it the other day I just grabbed like a
couple and I made it from the morning
and he was like oh my god this is so
good so we have to tell you guys the
secret let's go get it guys we are now
here you don't understand I'm so excited
when it comes to food know when when it
comes to food with Katherine oh that
baby could eat more than me that's why I
love her she don't care what nobody
thing is she just eating all the food
but guys it's whether I don't know about
this weather like I'm not a fan of the
cold I know it's gonna be like this for
sometime but hopefully not too long this
weather it's okay when it's Christmas
time that's what I'm okay with this
weather it has to be Christmas it's just
that Christmas vibe you know you know
like a Eskimo will write their bevor
that lighting look come back I'm over
here that lighting is something else
your skin no your skin is glistening so
you guys might have just it
Hey all right so since you know the best
bagel in the world is at Panera Bread do
you know what bagel it is y'all right
into the best bagels in the world from
Panera Bread here it is
tell them what bagel it is baby with
hazelnut cream cheese but we've got
artists with it's called 21 fire oh my
god what'd they put on this it's a
cinnamon bagel - and the sauces I mean
the cream cheese is unreal
wolf that bagel was delicious
look you gotta take a boo-boo now though
we're now at Target we have to run in
here and grab some diapers for Elle we
gotta get some hangers we got to get a
bunch of just everything because our
house needs everything so we'll see you
guys inside why are there no carts low
which one should we choose I choose this
one Cather's mad at us right now
maybe I don't be mad at us there was
only one car left and you got it was
Ella not gonna do huh
it's actually for parents with babies
too
you having fun yes okay so so far we got
body wash soap
razors razors or so
and that's it and we still need diapers
and hangers do you want to drive all
right all right Lu ready you're gonna
drive okay you take over won't push push
pull this back okay you gonna pull this
back right here pull this pull this look
so I think you need pampers six right
temper six okay these ones you are
getting big baby just the right size for
you
that's good what you don't you don't
want that to be in the way the camera
okay let's move where can we move in
let's put it let's put it down here all
right here we go on our way now we're
gonna look for mommy again say mama
no say loud mama mama mama what that
that is right here mama mama
all right sorry guys every time I come
out I swear I have to watch two babies
look at this guys whenever we are out
grocery shopping or furniture shopping
Katherine takes it so serious
baby can we go I don't know she's just
too serious for me look at Al making a
mess I'm over here like damn baby we got
way more stuff than we thought we were
gonna get alright guys so every time
Katherine I go grocery shopping we
always try and guess what the total
amount is the bet is the bet is Oh
remember when yesterday when you told me
jump in the pool but I said was way too
cold so that's the bet whoever gets the
first away from a total amount has to
jump in the freezing cold pool alright
with your clothes on though because if
you jump in butt-naked you might freeze
to death so we have a jump in with our
clothes on whoever gets the first away
from the total amount alright I'm not
gonna look alright so all this stuff
right here we got all this stuff what do
you think of total amount is 95 I say
105 the whoever's the closest does not
have to jump in the freezing cold wait
we're barely halfway through you see it
you see the amount 177 you haven't
jumped in the freezing cold pool
freezing cold pool oh you know what one
of our eight family members where I
experienced you just told me I go
Catherine said $95 we had 220 now and I
feel so bad because the pool is so cold
that Catherine can potentially get sick
but it's a bet you got to do it sorry
it's a bet
it's a bet you got to do it the moment
of truth for the discount
I said 105 yeah jump in the freezing
cold pool guys I'm not gonna lie to you
I was so nervous because whenever we
play that game
Catherine always wins she's so good with
numbers I don't know what it is she's
just great with numbers she should
definitely be on The Price is Right
because that's how good she is but this
time daddy took the W now we're gonna go
home and as soon as we get home she
don't gotta take no clothes off she's
gonna jump in the pool with all her
clothes and she probably gonna freeze
her little pineapple all right guys I'm
just waiting for my baby to walk out she
has to jump in this freezing cold pool
my guys just robbed barely touching my
nipples go hard back where are you here
she comes
come on out from Heidi are you ready for
this
yo feel how cold the pool is right down
he's gonna jump your savage like that
are you saying are you serious hello
hello I can't let you do this hold on
one sec what's say wait wait before you
do this let me at least get you a towel
so your last Oh freeze hold up
barb ever hears it out whatever you want
to do but you have to jump in the deep
end so you have to jump
yeah the deep end so your whole body
okay no but because your legs gonna hit
in your upper half gonna be dry you're
not alone right okay okay if it's too
cold just just yell panic and I'll jump
in and save you okay
alright that's fair oh my baby how cool
was it here better here better here
here's a towel I'm so proud of you bet
you're a trouper
some people are poor sports when it
comes to losing debts but you're a
chippy I would never do you know what's
his job hey wasn't once women in your
own pool yeah we gotta heat this pool so
we can start swimming oh cool I like it
here my baby is freezing
look at her goosebumps oh my god I guess
you learned your lesson huh
you only been daddy no more okay well as
you can see me come over here and drive
no you know I'm done I would like
overreact and like all my heart you know
I'm impressed you took that like
Abby's bro
all right guys so why she's over there
freezing her asshole I'm gonna close out
this video guys I hope you guys didn't
forget because we didn't forget that we
still will be picking a few eighth
family members to spend the night yes
people we are still doing you we just
need for the house to be fully furnished
so everyone feels comfortable but just
know when the house is completely
furnished in a few weeks we'll be having
a few a family members spin the night
we're gonna have one big sleepover so
just make sure you have our post on
vacations turned on make sure you
watching our videos all the way through
make sure your comments he makes your
liking
just showing love and support it's in
the day if you just show us love and
support you're gonna have a chance to
sleep over at the ACE family house I'm
so excited for that yes we're doing
everything with you guys we're gonna
play games we're gonna do challenges you
guys don't understand how much fun it's
gonna be we're gonna take you guys for
our favorite restaurant we're gonna let
you guys pick out whatever merch you
guys want we're just gonna you know just
just adopt you pretty much if you watch
this video all the way through a comment
below a family sleepover soon so thank
you for tuning in as always and before
we close out our video we do have to
give our pulse notification shout out to
who bebut first of all shout is a
beautiful lady who gave us $10 off at
Target and shot you Tanisha thank you so
much for joining the ACE family and
having our pulse implications turned on
whoever else like a post notifications
out out all you got to do is subscribe
to the ACE family turn on our post
notifications then comment when done and
obviously if you like this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Friesen Queen over here always
say we'll be back with more videos peace
