hey man go back to our Channel guys
what's going on everybody I'm not sure
if you can tell but my baby just woke up
so how do you feel about your new home
you like it yeah
Elle gets to wake up every morning with
this view
good morning ace family welcome to the
McBroom residence so guys last night was
our first night in the house and we
literally haven't been able to process
anything because we've been so busy in
the last couple of days and I went to
sleep at like 8:30 last night because I
was so tired we moved the entire day
so waking up to this and just seeing all
the boxes and everything is so
overwhelming but we're so happy to be
here and as you guys know moving into a
new home it's gonna take a few weeks for
everything to get situated so we'll get
there oh we forgot to ask you guys what
you guys think about our Halloween music
video oh my gosh guys we shot that super
super last minute we were trying to find
a fair carnival like for the past week
and a half
finally found one last minute we
actually shot that in three hours we
shot that from 11:00 to 2:00 to 3:00
what's a threesome yeah two three four
hours and just so you guys know we were
planning on having Al there she she
actually was there with her face painted
and everything but she fell asleep and
it was just getting too late we don't
want her being there all night long so
we had family take her home yeah us
being parents over anything is the most
important thing so we wanted to make
sure that she went home safely and she
went to sleep so next time we will try
our best to have Al in the video and one
thing you guys should know is that
Kathryn and I we never plan out anything
like we're so busy trying to film every
day that we don't have a chance to plan
ahead of time and so usually our music
videos or our visuals are last-minute
literally the day before we don't even
have a script or like know what to do
no Direction nothing we literally come
up with the idea as soon as we get there
and we knock it out in a few hours
Fred obviously he's super talented I for
everything shout out to our boy Fred
he's a videographer and also shout out
to our amazing artists are amazing I
always say that I always say he's our
mazing but he's the most talented person
we've ever known Glen Travis so shout to
you bro thank you so much for creating a
song for us but also know Glen made that
song specifically for us for a Halloween
music video so I'm so glad like we got
so much positive feedback from you guys
you guys are so positive and we can't
thank you guys enough for your other
support so thank you and stay tuned for
more videos if you guys have any ideas
for videos you guys wants to shoot just
comment them below so for the next one
we're gonna make sure we plan ahead of
time so we can incorporate my little
princess right here if the vibe would
have been a little off if we showed up
and yeah it was like so intense yeah and
all sudden like slows down first I feel
like for us it just would have been a
completely different vibe and we like to
show out like in a certain light in a
certain way and she was so tired so we
didn't you know she's a baby she was
sleeping so of course we weren't gonna
film her while she's asleep
guys it's hard filming with a little one
those youtubers out there to have a
family you guys know it is not easy but
I can promise you we are trying our best
so today we have a bunch of stuff to do
we're gonna go back to our old apartment
and say our goodbyes so say I'm gonna
miss our old ways me too
so we got to go to our old place finish
packing up everything bring it over here
we also are gonna take El out for her
first trick-or-treating that's good she
went last year but she was she was like
six months old yeah she couldn't walk
this time she used to go to people's
doors and get her own candy and I'll be
there getting some candy as well and I
know a lot of you guys were wondering
what L is gonna be for Halloween you
guys can probably already tell by the
thumbnail she is going to be boo from
monsters mm-hmm it was either boo or who
won Milana blue or moe
Milano Molina same thing so we decide to
go with boo because everybody thinks she
looks like booth which I don't think I
looks like boo
I feel like when she has her pigtails
she might resemble oh yeah but I think
she's so much cuter
beby beby stop trying to get to the milk
honey yo this is crazy like filling in
our new home like I feel so free and
have like so much room to just be a
breeze you know as you guys can see our
room our bedroom is a complete mess I
don't want to I don't really want to
show you guys that but it's normal so as
you guys know when you move there's a
lot of things to do other than just
getting furniture and packing things and
putting things away and cleaning Lulla
we have Wi-Fi coming oh my god TV so I'm
gonna got to go our old place so I'm
gonna have to go take this to our old
place to upload the video yes okay I can
do that you know I love you all too much
not to post so I'm gonna go to the old
place get Wi-Fi post this video see
y'all can tune in so pretty much what
Michael is trying to say is we got a lot
of shit to do in a short period of time
so we don't get after it we're gonna
take y'all with us so y'all ready if you
already give this video a thumbs up
right now so we can get today happy we
just got to our old home so we're about
to walk in you guys are about to see
that there's nothing there whatsoever as
you guys know last night was our first
official night in her house so this is
the first time seeing it without
anything all right guys I'm about to say
goodbye together not just us but you
guys as well as a family okay are you
ready I don't think I'm ready
I look like Oh Freddy oh this is sad Oh
forgot what what oh my how can I forget
this so where can we put this in the new
house in our bedroom oh wow guys look at
this and yes we obviously forgot our TV
because we need someone to help us take
it off what what
yes fighter right there a spider it's in
the wet I don't do spiders I'm cool I
never got my basketball Oh a shout-out
to my pops girl Camille with these soft
C's mm what pop stays hooking me up
good lookin out pops oh I don't even see
him he's huge oh hell no I put you in
the hospital
it's what let me zoom in let me zoom in
real quick so I can show the Hayes
family
oh my why does he have white spots right
let me just get all eggnog no no no no
no baby baby don't even do baby
don't do it once we mom baby this is his
home now let him be let him be baby bye
good luck good luck with the HAR guys
this was our bedroom gonna miss this
place our bathroom it's crazy to see
everything out of here hump of it our
closet I felt like I'm giving them like
a like rewind of a home tour you're
gonna miss this place here was Ella's
room mm-hmm her closet dangly literally
took everything our MOOC our movers were
savages the bathroom Oh got this done
forgot a baby cut
hi guys what else did we forget we've
got this orange paper I think and our
favorite room of course is our filming
room we're gonna miss this room we
forgot a chair is that it then all we
forgot it's pretty good it's pretty damn
empty alright guys so does the guy
that's about to come over and help us
remove this TV and take it to our new
spot and this guy has been with us from
day one he was at our very first
apartment I'm not sure if you guys
remember our first apartments our day
one a family members you guys know our
very first apartment in LA where we had
L and so when we first moved to that
spot we needed a lot of like handyman
work and I'm not the guy for that so we
found Elvan and he was there you know
helping us move into our spot and
helping us move out of our spot into
this apartment and now he's gonna be
coming over and he's gonna be doing the
same thing with our TV and helping us
move stuff in our new spot and so like
exactly so hopefully he can say hi to
you guys I'm not sure if he's gonna want
to be on camera but we'll see it's crazy
because he's seen Elle when she was like
what a lot of you saw you pregnant
he saw Catherine pregnant that's how far
back he goes he's low-key like when I
was like grandfather so yeah he probably
doesn't know our names but it's okay we
love him everyone say had a manager Alan
yes in the building you want to show him
what you got in that bag what the shoes
yeah you like those oh are you going you
like going to a meeting so while we're
waiting for Elvan Katherine continues to
watch our music video this is our
millionth time seeing this video guys if
you haven't seen our last video which
was our hallowing music video I suggest
you go check it out it's pretty lit
Albert oh yeah
yeah when she was pregnant yeah I'm
gonna say hi say hi today's family
hi Elwin whoa man that's my boy that's
my boy that's Ellis grandpa yeah Alvin
saving the day again I love you my man
I love you all right guys the TV's
officially gone which means that is the
last piece of item in our old spot all
right here we go
put on to the next chapter in our lives
bye-bye wall Oh guys
yo memories if you're a real a family
member you know exactly what this is I'm
going to miss my girls just know I have
a huge surprise when I get back I love
you guys if you guys know what that
means come below
you're a real one so we leave it here
what should we do with it all right take
it put on our new fridge we should just
see how long we can keep that box okay
but all right that is it
good bye thank you so much for being so
good to us deuces it was apartment 221
by the way we forgot to do something
very important we have to write a note
to Sharon for those who don't know who
Sharon is Sharon is our neighbor who
lives on
need us and according to her we call it
the disturbance dear Sharon your dream
has come true we have finally moved on
wait do you think that that's mean look
just know we will always love you
and don't forget forget to subscribe
today's fan best wishes best wishes your
loud neighbors all right you ready all
right let's go let's go put on the front
door now
in all honesty guys that was the last
thing that we needed to do before we
actually moved out so I'm glad
everything is complete now onto the new
home that's a minute you happy we're
home go to the ATM of your room let's go
see Lacey are you wrong where's your
room
no it's not that way where's your room
that way yeah she's like shit I sleep in
here with y'all let's go do you bro come
on we have to get a carpet we have a lot
of stuff we want to do to her room guys
baby you want to show me your Halloween
costume eyelash all this orb all right
guys are you ready to see Eleanor
Halloween costume I don't know it might
be too much cuteness all right here we
go happy Halloween
there she is
come on boo monsters eat both a bull oh
oh you got your your bucking for the
candy you ready to go check your
cheating sit down right here first time
I mean daddy can take a picture of you
Kay oh geez
hug him kiss him besito oh why do you
look just like blue though Oh model
model model for the camera
got you modeling huh
sit down baby sit down please we'll give
you one more piece of candy if you sit
down okay all right here sit down right
here right here you love when you sit
right here because you look so cute
parents out there that's the trick to
get your kids to do what you want them
to do candy baby why do you look just
like goo dough
say Dada Dada good job ooh good job
guys as you can see we're trying to get
a a one Instagram pic right here lively
can you please sit down whose lips take
a picture guys we've been doing this for
about an hour my clean over here trying
to capture that perfect picture come on
girl you're so beautiful
oh so fast Eddie's daddy's heart hurts
guys why does she look just like boo
though I'm not to pull him a picture
real quick just in case you guys don't
know who boo is from Monsters Inc I
remember can you pull a picture of boo
for them so they can see well what are
you doing
guys this is boo right here look at you
is that who is that who is that give it
to her give it to her who is that
she said me is that you say bull she's
so proud of her costume baby how do you
know how to are you going on set you're
going on snapchat take a picture she's
taking a picture of her own Halloween
costume she's only one she's only 16
months baby you're crazy
so boos t-shirt seems to be a bit longer
in the picture what longer than elzar
yeah longer than
it's a little short so we're gonna how
does that look ah they're good up it'll
do all right let's go trick-or-treating
here we go a bucket we need our bucket
bucket I swear this view never gets old
look at boo in the view looking at the
pool give a Samba Seto as boo josie1 God
yeah we kisses like that she fog this
great so you guys just received a kiss
not from ill but from boom all right
guys so today was a very successful day
about to end this vlog Shore and spend
some time with ill and take her
trick-or-treating since this is her
first time trick-or-treating and her
first time dressing up so I hope you all
enjoyed today's video and I hope you all
enjoyed our Halloween video for 2017
stay tuned for more music videos and
visuals they are coming very soon so
before we close out today's video we do
have to give our pulse notification
shout out to who by their so today's
post notifications shout out goes to
Talia augments so she'll see you girl
thank you so much for having our postal
indications turned on so whoever else
would like a pulse notification shout
out all you got to do is subscribe to
the A's family join the family turn on
our pulse notifications which is the
Bell button next to the subscribe button
and then once you do that just comment
done guys it's that easy obviously if
you like this video you've got to give
it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up if
you think l-looks like boom you got a
smile say trick-or-treat what your car
what your Jeep oh you want to go drive
your Jeep before closeout we got a show
now that look cute she matches her Jeep
let's go come on guys
we're not done here we're not done come
on
get your jib oh it's wet it rained
oh no daddy will clean it you can drive
it tomorrow okay I'm sorry
she's like what the hell wait what are
you doing you a sandwich
I'm sorry come on so like I said
obviously if you liked this video you've
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful family always say peace
