hey what's going on everybody so as you
guys can see we are in our new
neighborhood our new neighborhood the
eighth family is here my god hi guys
so as you guys know we've been wanting
to move to a new place for a while now
and talking about this on our channel
for a couple of months and what makes
today so special is that I've always won
in my own home and I've never had one
Catherine's never had one and the fact
that we're able to have one together as
a family is a blessing and obviously
when we talk about a home you guys know
what we mean by that obviously we have a
home together as a family it doesn't
matter where we are in this world will
feel don't get all set up and obviously
you guys know that we're happy without
you know anything we could be homeless
living under a tree we'd be fine right
yes but this is really exciting to us
because we've worked so hard for this
and this is something that we've always
wanted and to have a home like this to
raise well and have a backyard and be
able to obviously work from home is such
a blessing so we're so happy for this
today pretty good so today is the moment
that you all have been waiting for are
you all ready are you ready I've been
ready are you guys ready
if y'all ready makes you get this video
thumbs up right now I'm waiting the
jocular thumbs up my eyebrow should we
Sean John okay let's turn the camera
turn it turn it turn it turn it the
right there good nope here we go
that's good
viii family crib all right baby let's
give them a nice family tour so as you
can see we walk up to our house we do
have cameras yes yes people don't try to
do no funny stuff and also in order for
you to get in you need a coat no more
just going to the door and open the door
with a key
no more than under that and as you can
see here we have our own mailbox
so whatever companies want to send us
free stuff so hi by the way
the camera is connected to my phone
there's cameras in every single room
welcome
this is ace family cream all right so
this right here is the front of our home
as you can see we do have beautiful palm
trees just amazing absolutely amazing
the palm trees literally is what makes
this home I feel like right I don't
think so okay okay
but the poncho the palm trees give it
that flavor we have eight three doors
are ours to the left three door you mean
three car garage three car garage right
here
you know for our Shelby the Jeep my
Camaro and hopefully my baby right here
will give you my dream car for Christmas
mm-hmm that'll be the third car so yeah
which way you can mean those three
different ways you walk in you can walk
in from the backyard the front and the
side all right gonna dream of mine to
have my own house tour this is crazy
Oh how would you want to say would you
worry I just wanted to say that it's a
bit of a dream to have a big acid or
I've always wanted a big door as big as
you goddamn go in the house I know you
can't are we going in
all right let's go get that acid all
right welcome
hey this is the first room right here to
the right when you first walk in this is
considered the love family room family
room
we're showing the house give us some
ideas down in the comments what you
think we should do in each home
Catherine I think about put a nice couch
here couple chairs here and obviously
there's a fireplace but make this very
elegant it's like very clean and very
open and I feel like the Sun shines
below these windows super nice and super
great and we are looking for artwork so
many artists out there and she hit us up
because you're painting good one I think
along ok over here we have the we have
value here as you can see big-ass
chandelier
we already got a dining room table so
it's going to be pretty short
yes comma here we have you know store
space cabinets
you know the very exact enough for me
and it's kind of like call me just
because it's so white and it makes it
more like beer we have the kitchen this
is where I'm going to be cooking up a
lot of masterpieces in here for those
who don't know okay enough of the
kitchen is not my specialty but we may
have a chef so here's the pantry I like
the fact that we have a pantry as you
guys now we've been using our pantry as
a shoe closet yes yes we do have a
big-ass root rater I love drinks I am a
thirst addict I get thirsty if you know
me and I'm thirsty I'm not talking about
thirsty alright so once it drinks you
can fit a lot of just in there all
right
programmers TV think we're thinking
about putting a very fair originally it
was spent on putting yeah that's the one
above the fireplace
here we have our filming room as you can
hear it's an echo so you'll be able to
hear us a lot we clearly do our
challenges our story times they're
looking at y'all so be careful not the
cool thing about this room is that we're
funny a house outside our grandmother
when everybody's here I really love
these cameras because I get to see what
you're doing at all times you all right
come what I get to take you guys
upstairs just yet we'll take you down
the hallway a bathroom
yeah okay storage over here yes which we
need because captain have a million and
one shooters
first room downstairs this would be
grandma's room okay this would be
grandma's room my grandma's room
like whatever she's here listen I guess
what we call it guest room slash
grandma's room and now that I think
about it this one's kind of small I mean
how much room does grandmommy you got
down oh don't show them that but here's
another very little bathroom everyone
has the bathroom in it which I love okay
so you keep walking
yes there is another camera people up
there we won't even take a what
I'll be in which we still have to get
our we have to get our you know there's
a lot of room in here to do a lot of
activities all right let's keep going
wait oh oh can we catch something that's
a little secret room right there we
can't show them that that thing all
right so you keep walking over here more
storage which we need more storage don't
allow the closet oh my gosh this can be
another room as I haven't noticed we
have two staircases one in the front and
one in the back so we're going to teach
al to use this stair so it's easier for
her the other stairs dangerous because
it's wood so we'll probably put the gang
up for her so she has to use the stairs
so you keep walking don't be lazy
cameraman keep walking okay all right
do not look to your left because you
know my wife is don't well no yeah we
have to show them it's gonna hurt my
heart let's say this is you know say
that we'll see all right but there's
like a really nice little like something
don't see ash okay
this room back here is a very decent
sized room
so we're thinking about this being a
guest room or a closet room might make
this room into a closet because our
closet and our math
bedroom is a little small so we might
make this into a big Ascot and everyone
a vanity with a chair and a mirror and
all that stuff so I think I want to make
this a closet and here we have a closet
okay yeah we got to fix that like but
you yeah you guys get the gist another
bathroom no the bathroom keep walking
another bedroom I told you guys before
we're dead serious about buying a
spending numbers over here we got plenty
of room for y'all and one of the many
things I love about this house is that
they all have talking they all have
balcony and the balcony connects to the
other room
oh it's almost like a hotel yeah I love
this see my sarong played you know I
meant tag I meant tag oh don't show them
yep you have don't show them that part
okay thank you sir here we have another
closet which we need I love how this is
mirrored a second look at myself so
here's a little super long hallway
another
this is going to be Ella's room for sure
this is for sure elegant we're going to
put it over here gonna put her crib
never use yeah we're gonna make this
morning top it a lot it's gonna be
really nice
another camera amazing view as you can
see if you see she'll be down there as
you can mmm so yeah there's three rooms
come here mm-hmm
come my friend you can see there's
another camera right there are not a
master bedroom
master bedroom don't look the right cuz
you can't look to the right I don't want
to show what's the right because it's
the best part of the house and it's a
dream let's just show them like a little
like like a little like guys look at our
view from our bedroom look at a little
bit a little click at the wrist
alright so we're thinking the bed will
go here right the bed will go here
because this wall living in this room
and looking at this one will be like the
lucky meteor alone with TV yeah like my
big ass love sex right here and then
like I said there is another balcony
every room has a balcony which I love
and you guys have already seen ELLs
beautiful jungle gym L is one lucky baby
she has her own part in her backyard
that may be something else yeah why put
the ejector in here yeah yeah I want to
make it really nice so I don't want to
just make it look like no it's very nice
very nice so projector projector don't
show go you guys go
here as you guys can see is their
walk-in closet and this was one of the
downfalls about our new home is that it
has a very small closet and Katharine
and I kept preaching that one a big
closet because she just has too much it
I'll see you have more things than I do
please can you admit that please maybe
and your shoes are like size 15 and then
never fit anywhere don't be over
exaggerate okay but like I said it's a
small closet
I'm thinking since I love my baby so
much I'll give her this closet let all
our stuff meet here and then in the
other room I'll make that much loss what
bigger room not necessarily I mean you
will be closer to your clothes I have to
walk you know a mile just to get some
damn underwear I hope it's facing us we
losers should be facing on but that's
gonna be fixed within a couple of days
yes and we also have a beautiful shower
two heads so Catherine I can be there
taking a shower at the same time and he
knows a little seat for her so she can
sit a little nasty bug out there and
what I love about this bathroom is
there's two seats on opposite sides so
all the air so I'll go here do my thing
Kath will be over there doing her thing
and it's it's it's a blessing another
bathroom in the middle so so we walk out
to our balcony to our master bedroom yes
oh let's slip let the faces I'm probably
gonna be yeah I'm here every night every
night
I think so too is good lighting good I
look good yeah like right oh he look
sexy like like we're mm-hmm right there
mm-hmm
yeah guys was that sound her home was
that all away
I think that was entire inside of our
house
now he's gotta show the best part which
is Becky Hart back downstairs to the
backyard did you notice that we have a
fireplace in our bedroom
I didn't notice that I like that
telling you guys right now you guys are
gonna be geeked up over the backyard
like I'm gonna be out there all the time
but make it I'm so glad like I'm the
last house on the corner because no one
gets to see me and I will be out there
you know what I'm saying so you
carefully come down yeah so this will be
where the gate will be for hell this has
everything a backyard can ever ask for
it
so before we show you guys our backyard
I just want to say first that there's
something that I've always wanted in my
backyard and there's also something
awesome always wanted in this backyard
and it's funny because right when we
walked in we had both things and that's
when we knew that it was a game-changer
this is it was the one
so hey ready I think that the wait so
next video no no way
but before we go outside we gonna hit
y'all ass in a montage here we go
I just wanna live this movement over
again I just wanna stay here No
when the Kuya curl
I know you feel it too yeah you feel it
so and you already know
but I wanna do
I just wanna make sure I take care of
your heart I just want to touch you and
make sure you feel
girl I hate it when I miss shopping like
a snare
who you cut I like that montage it's a
little harder let's finish it all over
my house the best part of the house
right here it's the vacuum just look at
that view right there with a beautiful
woman in the background god damn it a
smile for me you can't forget about you
know this is where I'm gonna be do a lot
of the cooking yeah a lot of the
grilling it just shows how much you do
so that's where that's at this is where
we'll throw like all of our parties and
like have like birthday parties and
stuff do Christmas so here's a good area
to like put food and just like but
you'll probably put chairs along this
area no I'm like a little bar type thing
yeah okay and over here we have one of
my favorite parts of the home this is
where L used to have all her fun and you
guys viewers subscribe today's family
you guys have seen the video we made a
part of the backyard her jungle gym
right here come come come it almost
gives me like a little like jungle vibe
right here you know what I'm saying we
have to get a couple pets what do you
guys think some pets some dogs some
ponies maybe you want to pick up their
poop I think I'm gonna get a pony for L
for a second birthday party let me know
what you guys think so yes here's the
beautiful jungle gym
oh this is some nice lighting right here
looks like a fairy tale
look at that bro get that angle right
there oh my gosh girl Sui Sui sling
together get that butt on so you said
it's like a wrecking ball breaking ball
looks fun looks fun right okay over here
we're not to show what we're gonna do
you can't get a hump here we're not too
sure we're gonna do it just yet and as
you can see there's still some things
that have to touch up on like this
obviously won't be here those lights
definitely won't be here so I'm thinking
we may Park Mandy right here you know I
kind of want to get like a mini dirt
bike as well so all my toys will
probably go back here and I do want to
get a basketball hoop somewhere maybe
put in the street like one of those ones
you like the removable ones we're the
very last house on the street so I mean
I don't think we could put a basketball
hoop over there but we can probably put
one in here cuz this is like inside of
my property
like all of our property even the street
no yeah yeah it is
so the basketball hoop maybe we should
build maybe we should build a mini
basketball court right here who bought
the house that's not your mini trail
right there this is our mini trail too
so I don't know what she talking about
but I'm thinking we should feel like a
mini battle this right here so whoever
need that want to walk back to the view
beautiful view another view this what I
love about this house amazing views yeah
I just now notice this little trail oh
that's dope right I mean you see that
brother bike this is why I said I wanted
a dirt bike because I get to you know I
might be able to drive Patti over here
well shall we take them to the trail I'm
curious to know what's on this trail
even though she don't want to go up the
trail because she got her Sanel shoes on
like am i easy sauce I'm trippin but
there is a trail up there maybe we'll
show you guys that another time I forgot
to mention there's another gate over
here so people don't have to walk
through the house they can just we have
a to log a yes Babette we can just open
the gate and people can walk in here
whenever we have parties I like that
it's very nice come come we're almost
finished guys are if you guys think this
is long but that's what happens when you
watch house tours okay oh here babe over
here so we have some extra you know room
for activities over here I'm thinking
about making this to a little putt-putt
golf maybe you know what I'm saying
maybe can you let me shine I'm happy
right now it's a big moment for me so
this is rolling for activity a little
golf maybe listen some fun nestled back
there keep the camera on me may wanna
let you turn it while I'm in front of it
there you go
this is what we're gonna have our
wedding okay so let's uh let's stay
right here
so this right here is the best part of
the home we picked
home for several reasons but I feel like
this really sold us on my side yes and
it just so happens that we're showing
this to you at a perfect time of the day
lighting the lighting is just right so
are you ready I'm ready
hit him wait bro is it that's something
I can't swim
but it's nice not playing I smell like a
dolphin it's not true not all black
people can't swim so I think that's why
I can't swim because I'm only 50% black
all right so as you can see we have an
infinity pool simply amazing just
amazing and the bottom of the pool is
that is that uh what what is that called
where it's not yeah yeah it's that
granite that texture that's really
really marble marble think it's marble
don't know that's it there's some people
that know what I'm talking about we are
getting this entire pool gated because L
obviously is a baby engine that is very
important so we aren't getting this
entire pool gated tomorrow yes very
important as you can see it's kind of a
camouflage looks like a rock but is
really a speaker makes me so happy
literally like I don't know to say like
I can have a box and live in a box and
have the view and just be happy yeah
it's like just hitting me you're looking
right here damn
see this is all married you this is
where I stop so more room for activities
right here more roll more roll for me to
just act the fool I live in an apartment
limit you to just having fun this and
now that we have a home we get to do
whatever though we want to do so oh we
didn't get a show this right here people
what do you call this better this is
where you have meetings very intimate
meetings a fire pit comes up fire just
and without the light let me show them
the light can they see the light into
the light on real quick all right she
likes you light a little bit light Sun a
little bit of light uh huh so when this
lane is dark out this looks really nice
and gosh I wish L was here with this
right now but she is with her
grandmother so she'll be back with us
tonight and from here on out we'll be
vlogging in our new home
guys we have so much content and we want
to push out for you guys
and we want to share so much stuff with
you guys and this is what I showed you
guys in a preview of the video this
little water fountain slash pond you
might get a couple goldfish in there
we've had so many things planned to film
within the next couple of months
especially for the holidays we weren't
actually supposed to move out of our
place so early but we're glad that we
did because now we have this house to be
filming and just so much extra stuff
that we can do and now that we're in our
new house we're going to be pushing out
so much content for you guys all I got
to say is make sure you subscribe if
you're not join the ACE family we were
so limited in our last place yes we're
gonna push out every day from here on
out I can't promise that I shouldn't
promise that because you know sometimes
we are definitely doing vlogmas though a
lot of you guys have been asking about
that and we definitely are doing block
this this year so all I gotta say guys
like this is very emotional I don't want
to cry on camera but none of this will
be possible without you guys we can't
thank you guys enough all the love and
support you guys show us is truly
amazing and unbelievable we couldn't ask
for a better support system than you
guys and Babette I just love
he's betting members guys I hope you
enjoyed our exclusive house tour this is
big for us a very big milestone in our
lives and like I said we couldn't thank
you guys enough just know anything is
possible anything is possible as long as
you have faith in God anything is
possible
Oh before we close out stay tuned for
our next video because we are coming out
with a dope Halloween movie slash
trailer I'm telling y'all right now I
think it's gonna be better than a music
video so before we close out our video
we do have to give our poster indication
shout out to whomever today's posted a
vacation shout-out goes to Sonia Patekar
so shout out to you some shots see you
girl thank you so much for having our
post on vacations turned off whatever
else will like a post on vacation shout
out all you got to do is subscribe to
the A's family turn on our post
notifications then comment when
obviously if you liked this video you
got to give it a thumbs up like comment
share and subscribe and like me and my
beautiful Queen always say we'll be back
with more videos are y'all gonna get the
hell up out of here peace
I just wanna live this movement over
again I just wanna stay here and I can't
stand when you're not when I pull you
curl
I know you feel it soon yeah you feel it
so in you already know
what I wanna do
