don't exist in my life these days so
it's early as hell right now
Catherine and I were out late last night
due to a long meeting so L had asleep
with Grandma last night and as you all
know L does not sleep with anybody and
nowhere else other than in-between
Catherine died in our bed but obviously
last night was different so right now
she is still asleep in that room right
there with Grandma usually if she
doesn't see us for a certain period of
time she gets extremely happy
so we're thinking as soon as she wakes
up she's gonna sprint high that room and
sprint up our room with the biggest
smile on her face I guess we're gonna
find out real soon
play the game
we we missed you you missed that
oh just cuz you have it in ten hours
Babette did you miss us you happy to be
back in our bed yeah so how'd you sleep
with Grandma last night you slept good
or bad
you slept good oh you missed us oh you
ring you slept with your ring on last
night no mommy doesn't sleep with her
ring on like you oh why why she said do
you want to vlog today you want to be
the vlogger today okay yeah you hold
just miles okay
go ahead and put on yourself I just want
to help you that's a lot can I help you
can I help you for two seconds tell me
yourself you'll make it okay he gave me
kiss guys that's what she really looks
like right now
what one-year-old baby does this are you
talking today's family watch when I try
to take the camera away from her watches
she does can I see you baby okay okay
that's all you're something it's like
I'm my princess over here vlogging in
the morning and I got my clean over here
playing the game guys she's been playing
this game for a few months now and I
don't even know what it is all she keeps
saying is that she's busy cooking
whatever that means
baby can you explain to me and a sembly
what you're playing please you also play
in the game are you texting people oh
you won't let me see you huh you guys
ready for me to show you the game yes
they are so this game is called cooking
fever so shout out to cooking fever for
sponsoring this video
beby shawm house done
so basically how you play the game is
all about multitasking so my goal is 335
dollars that's a way for the clients to
come up and ask for their order and I
have to make it as I go so let's get to
cooking so basically what I'm doing is
just making all of the foods that
they're asking for as I go you see this
person asks for a hotdog and ketchup a
couple tips I can give you guys is to
always have the buns and the meats ready
to go because those take the longest and
make sure you serve them the drinks that
they ask for first so they can be happy
why they wait for their food exactly and
it's also money added on to the tab so
this is like an actual job yeah so
they'll get upset and walk away if you
don't get them their stuff like quickly
enough and if something burns you have
to put it in the trash so it's literally
just all about multitasking going super
super quickly and I'm not sure if you
guys can tell but it's obviously
Halloween time and these customers have
Halloween costumes to match the theme
which is pretty cool so this is what you
can play in the last few months yeah get
the girl with the witch hat on get the
girl with the witch hat on hurry I'm
gonna show you guys another location
really quickly by the way guys this game
is available for iOS and Android as well
oh so I can have my grandma download
skates and as you can see God different
locations have different types of foods
that you have to cook so now you guys
know a game I've been playing for the
last couple of months I know you guys
have been asking and wondering so we'll
put the link in the description for you
guys so once you guys download the game
and start playing make sure you tweet us
what levels you're on because I'm gonna
start playing the game and I'm curious
to see who is the better cook so make
sure you hurry up and download because
I'm gonna start playing today I don't
know about you guys but I've never seen
a UPS truck yeah yes so while we're
waiting in line for gas baby show me we
saw earlier so this tweet it says people
think that I'm playing when I say Idol
in those
family this is a video we got a cute
visit you guys are you going baby to get
Starbucks what do you want strawberry
impression you already know yeah that's
a Bevin so as I'm standing here pumping
gas I realized that catheter and I do
not have a Halloween costume yet and
that's the problem so I think after
we're done here I think we should go to
Party City just to get an idea because
as of right now we have no idea about
Halloween is right around the corner and
we don't know what to wear and that's a
problem because we have a special
surprise for you guys
wait why is someone talking to Kathryn
some dude is
if some dude talking about baby all held
on I'm not sure if you guys can see
through the window but oh hell no I was
about to walk over there
does that do talking to you okay baby
what'd he say I want to know what do you
say I was about to walk up in there
first of all you see that I saw that was
nothing that guy was like thank you and
then like he kept trying to talk to me
and I just went like this because all
sorry I didn't see it he said he didn't
see I'm gonna say no no just arrest his
ass going to jail now where is the
costume I'll Wow we are now in Party
City hopefully we can find an idea in
here who knows maybe we find a costume
so before some guy that was gonna talk
to my queen interrupted me I was saying
that Catherine I have a surprise for you
guys for Halloween so she was live this
year's Kalinin better yeah y'all think
our music videos live hmm let me tell
you my buzz Halloween movie yeah yeah we
definitely need a costume for Elle so we
can take her out trick-or-treating right
we definitely need trick-or-treating
outfits for all of us I think it's all
gonna be Justin
true so you just gave it away because
you're telling them that we need two
costumes which is true wonder what we
have planned something I have an idea
for her uh-huh
I just need to think of an idea for us
to match her that makes me or should we
be thinking one and thing two and that
she can be a baby thing or should I be
the Joker I can see you mean a 60s and
70s girl looking like you bout to go to
Coachella a which nah baby you can ride
my broom though get it Mick broom ooh
what are these what what I got a costume
I look like you look like which obeys
right here bro for over two seconds
goddamn these constant people getting
creative they came out with a son plan B
plan B there is no plan B lady over here
hug and show could have parked any
closer yeah
we know what to look look at yeah you
know what we don't give her ass how'd
she get parking so close to show lovely
can you see her mmm-hmm what's your
reaction
pulled over and on part you're
aggressive honey
al should we bring out the centipede
should we bring out the centipede okay
all right wait wait go backwards you
ready how we turn into a sleek future
how much we had more room I can't wait
to put on our new house don't you have
school today put your backpack on let's
go to school put your backpack on put
your backpack on let's go put it on put
it on
you need your books to don't forget your
books good job baby good job you trying
to open it here the zippers right here
okay there you go yeah your books in
there good job okay you got it oh that's
okay let's go you ready let's go come on
good girl I'm just playing there's no
school today daddy
are you having storytime mommy look we
got these new books for you bring one of
these to mommy
which one do you want you would pick
Alice in the Wonderland okay so while my
queen reads my princess I'm gonna reach
you guys okay so what we have here is
Mickey Mouse no I'm playing so why they
have mommy and daughter time I'm gonna
close out the video so thank you to
everyone as always for tuning in so
before we close out our video we do have
to give our posting of cases shut out -
hey you done reading you done what are
you doing here oh you wanted to join me
while without the video okay close it
out with me so who does our post on
vacation shadow person go to today oh my
god honey oh my your hair looks crazy
guys please don't take no screenshots
yeah I just don't trust y'all so I'm not
gonna put in the frame but uh bad bad
what is our post application shut up
person go to Marisa Moria shouts you
girl thank you so much for having our
post some cases turned on baby you've
got to hide you look crazy okay okay
yeah we'll read the books later okay
cool so shout out to you Marissa Morris
were having our post on vacations turned
on whoever else like a pulse on vacation
shout out all you got to do is you found
the book okay good whoever else like a
pulse on vacation shout out all you got
to do subscribe to the ACE family turn
on our post notifications then comment
when done and obviously if you like this
video you've got to give it a thumbs up
like share comment and subscribe and
like me and my beautiful family who's
not next me right now what do we always
say
we'll be back with more videos peace
