Oh oh hey kids
today we gonna play swing the IO with a
bunion on the iPad so Ryan's been
playing this game for a long time yeah -
tikka Pro this game I don't know how to
play that much
so basically yours snakes and a bunch of
other snakes and you're supposed to eat
those color balls right okay and if you
touch other snakes body you die Ryan
screen name is yes my name is bunny
so if you are in top 10 the ranked top
10 then you may study up there right now
our rank is 476 out of 500 508 let's see
if we can go to page clicking Ryan can
so Ryan said the trick is to once you
get long enough you can drop people on
suicide you just make a circle and write
our language 230
okay just not good right yeah let's see
if you can do it again whoa that was the
instant kill I just lots of practice
it's okay you see that guy no way how
that guy just ran into you wasn't
healing tough damn no now right also in
so much longer and his rank jump all the
way to 70 Wow
you picked the green because you like
trouble yeah he can go anywhere except
this world oh yay yummy yummy food yeah
Oh see get my coat oh no you want to
kill her you're bigger than yes let's
see it's going up we are not stopping
today until we get the top 10 so long
get close to that big one right
oh no way you can do it
oh that's what I want to do okay well
we'll change mom will attend you got
this money you got this
so right now the highest-ranked Ryan got
today in 25 oh no he's gonna try to rap
to you Ryan there's not there's just
posters he likes me Oh
Oh actually I'm not that long okay maybe
not the same guy who stole my building
no the same I destroyed it was great
what's he just oh I saw his head this
way well he Oh while your rank already
jumped to 29 no one's stealing through -
I'll kill him here
Wow your rank is 25 bucks again I am 1 5
into 24 you want to get to 10 you can do
it
oh great 25 again not pressing long till
this person is not when you're looking
at right now person next week and wants
to take you at me
I'm still yeah if you haven't really
killed anybody yet
oh not the end of the field I see red
line you catch the red new pack oh
really oh oh oh yeah smiley face let's
do this
smiley turn and take your game mode
chase yes my name is 15 top 15 yes yes
oh you'll bring it down some anything oh
look I try one last time and let me quit
I'm sorry I say I mean I'm gonna play
until we hit rank Tampa just just too
hard after daddy play I'll play on my
heart is stubborn okay you're gonna
fight like you all the time okay yeah
see see your eyes see let's see I'm not
gonna do it yeah
thank you this game I can never get
better
Oh Booya - ah what your rank for you for
already good bro that was what does good
a brown that's good
yeah I'm already on 32 ah I guess that's
it for this video
oh I guess we can open the Sun blind
battle for absolutely oh here's all the
story I already have so that's the Ducks
to the other day we got this is
ultra-mega ok let's open other blind
night
ooh black and yellow cute alright let's
open other blind bags let's see oh we
got green one
got your favorite Oh your favorite color
wait there's not a smiley face would see
just regular face yeah we got a rainbow
oh yeah three rainbows all right there
that many rainbows yeah it's all coming
to me yeah that's the last one right Oh
papa all the way hey touch my body okay
don't say fall today's video thank you
the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
