what grade are you going to first base
nice
no you're not and gun thank you I'm
going to kindergarten soon so he needs a
new backpack - Ryan we found a section
of so many different digits spinners and
there's even digit cube and there's a
spider-man one I want that spider-man
one you know what this Superman one and
I want that whole oh this one is pretty
cool yeah I want $9.99 and $9.99 how
serious good
alrighty night at Freddy's oh what's
that one - oh wait I've never seen this
one that's like different oh wow and
here's the Hulk law is Iron Man is a
rainbow what works why don't this
rainbow one have what is it candy candy
today are going shopping right yeah
because food Ryan is going - where you
going - you want brain you're going -
uh-huh
what grade are you going to first base
900 no you're not
and good thank you I'm going to
kindergarten soon so he needs a new
backpack
I mean 11th grade yeah I told you
eleventh grade mr. right which backpack
do you want oh do you want a backpack
looks like like a queen what about bow
backpack ticket which one Oh - shopkin
backpack and there's also frozen
backpack
Oh minecraft what a Minecraft oh I like
my tiny a little bit too big for you
Ryan I missed you kid
yeah that's okay
where the back remember I have Pokemon
me what about this backpack to my my
class backpack over there know what
pokemon okay MA okay this is a cool
backpack to school
Oh what were you screaming Oh a Captain
America I used to have this one that's
true this one looks like Ryan's luggage
but you want to Pokemon wine for school
you think yeah okay oh c'mon you gotta
catch em all oh oh whoa Ninjago backpack
Oh what about you want a new on water
bottle there's a spider-man water bottle
or a pizza power or there's also linking
water bottle and when you water bottle
there's also a spider-man backpack for
school yeah for power one piece of power
now I just need some lunch box lunch box
yes beyond bucks anywhere okay so now we
found a lunch box hire me Justice League
or McQueen look like a 3d this looks
pretty cool thank you everyone for paw
patrol the movie all right go to 3d in
little puppy here it goes yeah
and if you talk to putting a mindset one
minecraft block yeah oh yeah stack into
Block III the world
so what did you decide there's a minion
one there's a menu one or there's just
cute little puppy one you don't want to
match your backpack
this is no loner oh well if you get this
one you can match your your water bottle
because you got peak to power piece the
power one enough no no you know what
they're like light I don't ready you
want fry echo Freddy he's got a little
bit scary for you know you want that one
oh are you sure you want that 100 scare
me now we have to go look for school
supplies we got to go buy some glue glue
and some fibers somewhat cozy why are we
buying babies so many different colors
oh here you go
let's go look for some color Wow school
supplies so many things
we're going to be embarrassing I guess
why were you various complications of
composition proposition book okay I'm
pretty close yeah here some crayon or
50-pack crayon washable paint
oh here's the crayon I think okay oh
there's some kid-friendly scissors you
walk all over the basketball or a
baseball or a black one school or Mike
over in the Freak on there it says white
what okay so which can't defeat holder
you want there's a Captain America
pencil case folder there's minion lon
but the minion oh oh that's scary
was there an eye there yes not that's
not how do I open this
there you go there you go
whoa fancy all your supplies inside this
is it yes it and then we'll buy some
pencils - so you want art gotcha
then you want that one that's scary I
was you one yeah okay okay that one is
shoulders okay I'm not scared of
anything
what born again
Orion sound exploding kittens yeah we
have a by Ryan we found a Lego section
and there's some LEGO Minecraft right
super into Legos and you press key
different red I've already found our
difficulties red when you don't press it
boys ate my brain just keeps coming back
this is the new lego ninjago set with
the dragon and what is that sugar robot
mecha man why she looks like that happen
oh he looks like a samurai or something
with so many different source or katana
or if you look fun
foggy dog I guess the dog makes you wet
the floor
oh and this is mommy's favorite section
here got some lol gauze little sticks oh
and this new lol fuzz factory I'm gonna
try this
oh holy we're going to show you guys
what we bought for Ryan right you're not
on the supplies makeup oh this is
everything so this is everything we
bought for Ryan back-to-school shopping
soon so yeah let's go Ryan it's just new
backpacker I've been using it for the
school he was going right now and then
we got T now we got tissue his notebook
here pencils this is for his teacher
hahaha some crayon matte pencil erasers
the school's for paper his binder and
his lunch box here oh c'mon c'mon card
Ryan's been playing Pokemon and then his
end up a just center not for school but
pretty cool right
five nights at Freddy's are you scared
all right here's Ryan's frightened is
ready for just better that we just
bought oh that's Freddy this is Barney
how do you know a character's name wrong
again are you been watching for a dark
Freddy because I know their name because
the older kids are the older kids at
school
Benjamin gotcha
you're just bitter cause lon yes it has
a helicopter top hello I see like a
propeller back to school video hello
family gasps okay don't forget to
subscribe for more Bryan Ferry videos
live in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo why
does the butter
