family reveal birthday present ramen hey
because I oughta be turning one miss now
there's just a half now so they are
turning one tune so we are at the store
looking for their birthday me jiggling
these wings I know we're growing up so
big and not going to be fine going to be
can take it yes right so Ryan's going to
help mommy pick out a present for them
so which baby toy do you think I should
get for them maybe should get them like
a purse or this monkey good after this
what is this Walker I don't even need a
walker they can walk already just once
you forget them this right here what
does this one do oh okay
alright ok with you some of it so that's
our Emma or K and then we can get a one
more what else should we get a little
baby racecar actually yeah so we're
going to have some other kids coming to
the party that our friends and orion's
cousins and aunts are coming so we're
going to buy them toys - this one looks
fun so it's by one of the other baby
this one maybe the other babies this one
alright what's for other presents for
other kids that are coming to the party
yeah so one of the kids that are coming
is he's 10 years old wrong what should
we get on it which one you mean maybe
he'll like Minecraft and jog away sure
and hers you want Ninjago
I don't know he's not here you have to
pick it up for him so try and get
Ninjago or minecraft Lego on this one
amazing I like this one oh that looks
cool oh I just wanted to pull - alright
what should we get ride we should get
you to decide or there's another Ninjago
over here to do this ok - in the cart
can you go up in height for Sony he is 3
years old and you said you like cars and
trains you think you like that one or
anything you like airplane helicopter
yeah yeah ok and the air brake you just
don't care
maybe he likes a collection of hot
wheels that one we found the Disney car
three section you can get everybody a
blind bags one are kissed by blind bags
but even having um yeah this is pretty
cool like a pot Lightning McQueen
singing school and this is like a target
exclusive one which one you think you
like vitamins and spider-mans preschool
forties motion-activated Sloane's try me
here's garbage truck yeah so Austin you
like Disney Cars or Ryan's going to pick
a Disney car for him that one yeah
Florida spotted yeah I know one is for
so maybe you'll like this one
he can do it but a seven-year-old can do
it faster that's true them who's mommy
and daddy can help him
perfect school for no exam all right so
we found the shopkins collection maybe
Sophie were like some shopkins which one
eating show like that one okay I'll give
this winter so sweet okay hopefully she
likes this one is cute
how do you have a yellow one or this is
all right so it's also Sony birthday
next week something we're going to buy
an extra toys maybe he'll like this
awesome Thomas and Friends one Evangelos
vegan cake birthday yes we changed her
mind this is for Emma
that's for Kate or they can both share
and this is for another baby that's
around six months maybe she can grow
into it and we got these scooters for
the three boys are coming they're around
three and four years old and we have
another boy that's coming up ten years
old and that's what Ryan can tie in so
see that yeah so Ryan's aunt Sophie gets
it and maybe we got something that we
can also give her later - yeah alright
so right Ryan you ready start wrapping
yeah
yeah Wow my friends my favorite color it
really likes sup I'm so awesome Wow I
like right lights up like this hmm
I laugh button to go in the back Ryan's
trying to race the hot wheels
round three oh yeah am i King's birthday
okay yeah woohoo
they are turning dude how old you're
turning one returning leg today yeah
you're turning one today - choo choo
choo and daddy's over there putting up
the decoration and that's Kate over
there is grandma yeah now you're turning
one I'm gonna proximate a step up by
herself she's gonna try on your Easter
basket okay Mia she a little bit there
you go yeah yeah I think she doesn't
move her feet oh oh no and my Oh share
girl sure right after like an hour mommy
and Ryan finding both in and rocking
audio through yeah and then yeah so
we're going to give this other Ryan's
uncle this one cuz it's almost a
birthday next week so we figured let's
just wrap them and give it to him today
hey girl thank you and we also got a
Minnie Mouse together for the party got
some news yeah I got some candy for the
pinata
we're going to try to put some hot
wheels inside roller coaster on this one
the racecar
like a shark blog with a peek and then
also have some shimmer and shine for the
girl Jackson Thomas minis so I am from
Disney Cars line bags so we're gonna
attempt to put all this into pinata see
how much we can fit lines gonna help me
I'm so sick that works right so
inside candy
what steady you got proper stopper yeah
I did I use to eat off of soccer know
like these nerds birthday me going to be
psychic can be your lightly spiced
tomato support
Osama green oh yeah
I'll eat oh I hope not Ryan
I'm just licking a mask you see maybe we
headed there honey there we go how about
these Hot Wheels I don't think it's hot
we're going to sit we're definitely not
going to fit the blind bags goes in
there it gives Disney Cars blind boxes
Oh for the hot wheels we have to like
really squeeze it in here like this
really push this in there I think it's
heavy right baby you can hold it see all
that see the heavy it's not a this is
not sure oh hello family gasps okay
don't forget to subscribe for more Bryan
Ferry videos
flies in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
live in the buttermilk
