so today we thought we're going to react
to Emma and Kate video so they are about
18 months now and we haven't seen their
old video ever since they were born so
we thought we you know watch it together
and then see how they watch it yeah when
they were born they weren't even five
pounds here were four pounds and some
day I forgot now and then is Ryan seeing
them oh it's so cute even though who's
who well well wasn't it okay look the
yellows a little bit because he had
jaundice so Kate was a little bit yellow
skin because yes jaundice they have to
try to stay at the hospital for ten
extra days because they had jaundice
gang and they were having trouble
learning to eat because they actually
came out one month early yes look at
that close it's so big okay
since they're pretty mature their club
is so big for them the shape and get the
hands out wait one
yeah oh yeah the doctor pushing them
rolling over this was their first
Thanksgiving and daddy just eat a big
turkey in front of em and then it comes
to Christmas
now it's Christmas yeah rice trying to
scare the Christmas morning
what lies under my tongue when you drink
it like a juice or something yeah oh and
this is I think the first time then
frying food yeah what you think I think
mi like this may cause you go bad what
you think should I sit yeah well most
anyway it's all green see I think the
broccoli there were six months so wonder
twelve months they get a birthday every
twelve that's right Green Hanna too much
sugar for baby - we had fun cleaning up
that day team and he was super
competitive and he was like come on
remember let's go to us win you're
hoping her too much
Abuk able to keep you distracted by
thomas the law I'm so excited
Easter's about to come up again and this
time it's on Ryan
maybe we should go pass the time yeah
yeah I was worried about them I don't
give a hey that's a big I have to smash
cake on the side there yeah she's eating
to forget her
look she likes it yeah oh and they were
in oh so sad because we have all the
kids there and they were playing water
balloon fights and pools and stuff and
they couldn't really play Oh whoo I'm
okay yeah they're loving it
there were keys oh that was good yeah
that was it that concludes their
one-year birthday now they're 18 months
and their birthday is coming up again
and so how do you feel about whatever
mark yeah how do you feel about the
twins turning two years old happy yeah
alright thank you so much for watching
with
I'm gonna react to Ryan's video baby
Ryan yeah that's the same Ryan got to
thank I got you too
so who was the winner of the chase you
tagged three times and daddy twice so
come to the new channel the studio space
to find the full office tour when we
actually have all the stuff and toys and
know where all the supplies are at but
go to the studio space you can see the
office with all the computers and toys
and compost on there too so for now
we're gonna take a rest
bye guys see you in the studio face
family dust again don't forget to
subscribe for more Ryan's family videos
the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
