oh yeah Wow Wow whoa you have to leave
they go die
Wow oh my god oh my god the part yeah
oh oh oh tryin to getta I don't know
it's a routine
I want Wow oh boy oh boy
how often okay okay well this is all we
can go oh my god Oh turn it oh banana
don't tell them you know what happens
when you catch you in the air
no it's another game keep on oh really
oh the model matter what do you just
want to sit down in the floor I'll be W
flip oh my god
dude oh my god
did the camera do some pulling up you
got this right home with it no don't
show room I'll try to get out there Oh
oh good job let go oh really guys live
for tuning I plant full don't touch the
blood pile
don't leave it kourin you all the money
I think you cannot cut the green how'd I
get up here
oh my god
yes put the goes up o ulama glory mama
I'd be good Goldman whoa whoa whoa
awkward to the yelly goes all the way to
the sky what's happening efficiently
financially
oh yeah oh cool oh yeah I did totally go
up to go you'll never get your banana
back oh my god this is ah anything up
there okay oh good ha ha yay well how do
you hope this is good contact okay good
yay ah ha ha ha in the cow somebody help
oh boy
let's book go this way you never make it
through my total cool anything oh you
like doing so funny hey oh oh oh my
color
that giving only yellow what you say I
designed all those things no one same
alright maybe I underestimated you but
no mother because it's on like Donkey
Kong
okay oh oh cool yeah which we again
author premiered in 1980 and I think
it's Mario let go oh no he will have
hair
how many comfortable combinations are
there in really cute right side oh what
is this game
the cast let's go to this one we a
little bit too is part of 18 up mr. d
yeah
recording give you enable right
DuckTales awaken ducktail yeah you did
oh good oh my god so many million Oh
baby oh my god 54 they going up Ryan
oh my god oh my god you get your just
right oh good hurry up I get spring
applause Wow so many and they're going
up I got stopped just scrapping oh my
god oh my god
and these are so far from good
Wow sorry folks died all the fun of it
so we don't just like the ground floor
know if it is the game that was it oh
yeah easy easy busy alright thank you
for watching bye Ella family gasp again
don't forget to subscribe for more Bryan
Ferry videos
- the buttermilk shoo fly shoo fly
