my family room and it's story time this
book is called daddy
Emlyn yeah so mommy made this book for
daddy a long time ago
while we were in school it's called
daddy the bunny by Ryan's mom and daddy
yeah this is what we used to look like a
long time ago not anymore
so Ryan's mom made this orion's daddy on
his birthday a long time ago
mommy made it for daddy the soil is even
born maybe it was for Ryan daddy a long
time ago all right so let's begin are
you ready for Thursday mm-hmm there once
was Ryan's daddy as a bunny he loves to
read comic books and watch anime all day
long his classmates would make fun of
him and say did something more
productive with your day so there it is
daddy he used to love reading comic
books and playing video games and
watching television yeah and there it is
while his other friends playing on the
swing he's playing with his 3d ass over
there all by himself focus too easily
yeah so daddy ran home and cried to his
mom there it is
Frankie's mom right but brilliant that
my daddy Joe Weider she has long yeah
everybody has a mom his mother would
tell him to be calm son one day you will
find someone who would understand that
will love you for who you are and be
your friend
my mommy that's right mommy one day in
the wood daddy saw an odd little bunny
who was quite small and was signed up
bunny and had two pans don't spoil it
the best spoiler alert she had two bunny
tails instead of one
but listen and glow in the Sun she told
daddy to go away
since she was having such a bad day
daddy would not lean but instead asked
her to play come over to play video
games with me don't make me go away the
little bunny Mouse smile from ear to ear
that was the nicest thing anyone had
said to her all year
the bunny girl then told daddy her name
Oh mommy if I'd love to come over and
play games so they play together so they
spent the day together was such the life
playing daddy's favorite game from
morning to night the next day a big
bunny came to mommy and made fun for two
little tails that glow in the Sun what
take well yeah Jeff asked mommy was
about to cry and run away daddy showed
up to save the day daddy told the big
mean bunny to be polite because he likes
the way mommies tell glow and own life
the mean bunny lab daddy with his hands
it was about to throw him in the trash
can mommy then stirred up for her
friends and kicked the bully in this
rear end
perfect you don't reread me no but in
here that's not very nice with mommy
right you don't kick people yeah
the bully then cried and hop away mommy
and daddy looked at each other and said
no matter what happened we will always
have each other we will always look
after one another
and mommy said I love you I love you
yeah yeah so mommy is not very good at
drawing but she tried again thank you
writing Samaritan
original book by mommy - daddy a long
time ago have a family gasps okay don't
forget to subscribe for more Ryan every
videos the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
