Hawaiian family review so we just got
some baby cribs finally cuz they
outgrown their co-sleeper and this was
Ryan's room so we're moving Ryan stuff
out and we are slowly transforming this
room into the baby's room except we have
no idea where things supposed to go so
we are just testing it out so Ryan how
do you feel about moving to a different
room so the baby can have this room are
you okay with it yeah a little bit we
are making Ryan a different room so we
still have Ryan shelf here but I think
we're going to keep the shelf there for
the baby and get rid of all this stuff
or the baby show and like I got this rug
here but I'm not in love with it I this
is what happens when you buy stuff
online
I'll come before more a different color
pink and and I think the rug is too big
for this room it should have been
smaller really I think it should be
smaller it's taking up too much space
yeah and I'm still buying the mattress
itself so they won't move in into
another couple weeks probably that's
what it looks like so far before yeah so
this is what it's not haha it's not dark
room so we wanted to show you this
through here it's kamerad and mommy grew
up eating this but Ryan I've never seen
it before and yet as it looks like song
yeah so if you can tell I almost
finished it because every day I've been
eating a little by little and this is
what it looks like on the inside and you
guys never seen it you just eat it if
you just eat it like this like I just
take off the shell and then I deleted
this is good stuff
Mourad good fruit it's a good fruit
grows off the tree like this and then
they can pick it and the ground this is
really really tasty
so you just kick it out and you just
literally eat it and then on the inside
there's a seed that's why the fruit
because it has seeds and then obviously
you eat it without the seeds and so you
put in your mouth and you eat it and you
get your way with you yes did you guys
ever ate this before please let us know
okay this is some yummy stuff for mommy
yummy so we're about to go for a walk
and this is their first time in the baby
carrier this way what you think yeah
cool you like it yeah all right now I'm
on your turn
hey guys going to put on mommy and then
we go for a walk or guys I'm certainly
expense and bah bah bah bah bah bah bah
bah
all right so it's mommy and m-must and
Daffy and cake just have to go for a
walk together and Ryan yeah we're gonna
go for a walk together
this is here I go for a walk with mommy
what you think what you think I'm oh you
like it you like it Emma yeah how about
you Kate haha
lets you Katie Kate you like it are you
okay enjoying it and family gasp okay
don't forget to subscribe for more
Ryan berry videos
flies in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
flies in the butter
