all right my ass bust your eyes for the
big surprise from here close your eyes
yeah
coming here we've got you a big surprise
are you ready and we're I'm been wanting
this for a very long time he doesn't
know what it is and what it looks like
all right all right come forward and
right there now you open your eyes
you've been wanting a Triple E for a
very long time you know how to get on
all right it's gonna rain we have to go
I'll let you go on for a couple minutes
and we have to get off okay
I'm getting it on we don't have a ladder
to pick him up
okay you ready our first trampoline hi
kids are I'm gonna try oh good I'm a
blingy boy damn joking with Ryan all
right and one charge again
whoa graphic right yen I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you I'm coming to you girl
I'm bouncing you ready forget to tell me
got me to confess I'm gonna try from
here you guy can make you from here look
let's see ah crawl a junior Tommy let me
know
only my small is our thang what's wrong
I gotta get Ryan twelve rowing he says
bra leg Oh
all right we're going to play tag with
this basketball and I can kick it to
Ryan and he's out question funny but it
was easy
alright now you're okay here the
Bachchan okay all right Ryan's trying to
try to get mommy with the ball I don't
if you can
whoa my god pirates are oh he got my
legs okay you ready you ready okay
Brown get your dummy okay so ugly she
called tummy tickle Tommy
oh so close just the girls Nick got
picked off
I'm digging thank you to me you're
running so fast I like to jump it this
is pulling you jump and flip show me
then whoa
whoa whoa oh that was crazy family gasp
again don't forget to subscribe for more
Brian every videos the buttermilk shoo
fly shoo fly
