singing Ryan ready guess it just arrived
family reviews kids we're gonna play
hide and seek minions yeah and then
mommy's going to hide these eight
minions indeed awesome minion group and
it will see how long it takes for Ryan
to find it okay she came here expecting
dance competed hey he's not it why
didn't he have girl she has broth on
coconut bras right minion tiny time you
can go in that's right new in because I
have minions please don't
look Ryan you stay here okay okay close
the door on her okay where should we put
these menu so that one on here Ryan will
never find it here
would stay
yeah my dad and of course behind this is
oh here right we'll never find it here
then let's go up and this time this sort
of here there are two more about here
you'll never find it there
we will I put the name
Merida all right then you and Ryan ready
get set go fix see you Klein minion you
see someone ha ha nice 1 million and 7
to go in the other minute I thought you
got another one yeah two minutes for
Ryan what okay three minions right for
minion and four to go anywhere just in
the night
six million new harmonies any work
Wow
are you diner doctor timer 10 minutes
can you be a daddy
oh so long now gonna relight it
yeah I'm behind it super spot perfect
here you go we're hiding for daddy okay
I'm a natural Oh why we'll never after
Nigeria
close it you'll never check okay how
many more you have left
oh no daddy can I come in because what
is the door say Ryan what is the door
jae-min yeah it says authorized minions
only all right you better hurry
eight of almost already into the floor
okay one minion Ryan that you raise that
one on the floor zero come around like
super on there are you talking all right
you got America to minion
Wow I do don't know right you don't know
if you did almost yeah yeah three
minions okay
you perhaps oh hi three more daddy three
more and not even on nothing on the
floor and what any visit wondering is
almost dungeon keeps one minute almost
done any more three more three more done
okay so let's do you know rather soon
the bed alright so what one lap one lap
and Condor egg heads not under the left
camp okay now now we got all the red
chair anymore
now he's went on the red herring for an
hour now you're holding it all right
designers coming by my house talking
okay what I gotta get already minute at
28 seconds oh good job Ryan Ryan in the
bag listen to me off Ryan is the
official winner of the minion hunting
games we got this toy from Universal
Studios yeah it is a transformer toy and
it is an exclusive product that means
you can only find it where Universal
doing out yeah all right open it Pete
this is boiler and a robot mode and a
farmer who's super car mode that's cool
daddy okay in the robot mode whoa that's
cool
can you make it to a car mode looks
complicated
that means God can is super duper gonna
change how complicated oh wow that's a
lot of steps
oh that's a lot like there's that that
means steps we're high can you do this
daddy
trick for right now use your new guy
yeah we're all drew oh you have to
protect him after that under bad person
jeez we gotta hit it
hey fifteen minutes for me to put it
back again I like this brother like you
over oh no he's gonna make a transform
into a robot is your truck very cool our
wagon Nannan outreach office crying next
nothing looks very cool yeah music yeah
he is
chuckle it's a behemoth so stay upon us
okay you can only get it there yeah
that's like it's open it's so cool I
like it
finding income by an investor or
slideRocket we're on our way back home
hi we are on our way through the airport
ok yes you're gonna fight yourself where
we are on the bus there's not a buy
order to exchange a train to settle
we're gonna buy a present for Emma and
cake because we didn't have enough time
to buy some toys with him yeah at the
actual Disney Store so here we are
shopping for m-mine cake at the airport
husband music awesome some last minute
shopping before we go back on did you
find something
let's go check out the rest of the
school maybe there's some more toys down
there you have the idea and line cake
yeah let's go check out the rack let's
go let's do you have any more different
Disney toys here active add kids work
area these are some baby sausage you can
buy this stuff anywhere it doesn't have
to be at Orlando but that's one point
for my one point for Cape so you can get
a Minnie Mouse and then you have you
want pick the other a Minnie Mouse or
you want to pick Daisy
why should we take yeah that meanie
master they go forget Minnie Mouse go to
the hall okay we're here
brian is asleep but he can enjoy the
view
and the family gasping yay don't forget
to subscribe for more
Ryan everything out live in the
buttermilk shoo fly shoo flies with a
buttermilk
