whoa on this side here whoa we're at
Universal and windows this is our hotel
beautiful rhymes ancient the specific I
wonder what our hotels and it look like
I want a room looks like it you can find
out right what level I don't know I
guess we'll find out and then get up
over there which I know Ryan wants to go
TOI TOI what's the only beer good boy
right what is that this is a long
hallway that we have to go through super
long hallway think we are getting order
ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba music that's
also bad
we're going to our hotel room so inspire
you cool take that house soon hi go in
the end you can just watch just a life
life anywhere okay oh there's white oh
no just a light lunch a motor for
holding it my on this side it says
authorized minions own ways Oh Ryan
you're not a minion you cannot get in it
says for minion Oh - oh no no you'd put
you're not in on me though you have to
transform yourself into a minion and
then you can intern alright Ryan have to
become minion Ryan yeah Ryan minions
okay hi now you can enter there you go
minion Ryan coming through oh the mini
chair moves on the wall mini Gaga
whoa on the side here wow wow wow
minion bed this is amazing little one
and a minion I get it one in a million
okay so this hotel comes with this
amazing water here Fiji however it costs
$7
thank you come for the fridge a low risk
film with the thing that you need to pay
yeah yeah an adult drink so don't adjust
and some fun next but they all cost
money so we cannot eat this oh and it
even have a charger in case somebody
forget you yeah in case I guess you need
to charge your phone because that's
important and just yeah look yummy but
here's the price for them whoa too
expensive how much dollars for M&Ms is
$7 for evidence that is crazy exposition
Universal Studios store this one Dorothy
Resort Hotel with a Christmas tree and
again what you saw
yeah was like a backpack
that's awesome pop song yeah this is
water again it will imagine bringing
this to school Ryan huh imagine you
drinking discus cool yeah what let go
your Gert I don't know Oh Ryan a zombie
alright what's funny
oh whoa
the Halloween costume yeah that was your
college Halloween costume
daddy was Harry Potter in college oh and
these are actual wands professor he's
different
okay oh whoa whoa that's awesome okay
okay we're gonna walk around universal
indicator this is our lunch it's our
anniversary dinner yet in charge we got
hungry a little late so all the
restaurants are closed we had to open
our so we had to order room service and
Ryan wanna see stuff right and we've won
a little snack before miss sorry really
not a snack it's pretty excited haha big
snack right too big a little snack yeah
okay so we're about to go to bed except
I've no idea where Ryan Ryan Wendy no
daddy where Ryan I don't see Ryan
anywhere bye and joy we're on the air
today
Oh Mandy good cheers people here toy car
Mike are you season with today baby
oh the one that that you and daddy built
yeah
again here haha bedtime see you guys
later
tomorrow special we are going from
Universal with some water taxi our first
time back our boat
please Ryan
kind of canoe Ryan was worried it was a
canoe to see it won a paddle right what
do you mean paddling is not afternoon
oh really how do we educate okay inkay
and rock cow is in there this is our
first time
I got something for ya that it has
already other
I got here
all right have a family gasping hey
don't forget to subscribe for more Ryan
every video live in the buttermilk shoo
fly shoo flies in the buttermilk
