today's our first day of a family giving
hi I'm gonna play little blog fairly low
block whoa this is not over
yeah let's eat let's play actual
disaster but if we can survive through
this disaster
yeah earthquake Nami what I don't want
to very high I think I know how that
happened for the water for 30 times is
the next map is cortical fix on
competition good
where's this way how to save you in the
way still more happy yeah is that the
way not go to the high drop okay dr.
Jen's goes in high places it's not me
the big wave comes being a wave of
wallet make sure you don't fall ah I'm
gonna be Bob come people put you wrong
should I just get off my way to flow
Google give well I meet you oh okay be
careful if you follow my guys doing
powerful well but I end up back in the
total there okay give me watch her naina
what is what do you think Nick said
natural disasters and old widows the
hardest which one dealing is the hardest
one and a half it ranges cousin what
what anything astronaut me like I think
like the structures but there's no baby
I don't think I ever done okay which is
glass talking sweetly doesn't work all
the losses suffered any of your clothes
Oh Mary I'm making it to the beach break
the water clean military you think it's
like a glove yeah and yesterday don't
like and then I think I can use to
loosen any because the drug was giving
me an idea of it was Oh God
oh yeah a little below what so it does
yeah maybe the boiler going yeah in my
way back way too high um bit lucky this
is walk away oh my gosh good clothesline
I can see you right there give me we can
do this Oh
designing oh oh
I can weaken at the bottom down either
so hard
you mean II can mean every time baccala
people survive we want ducted oh ok
Wi-Fi man yeah it is Nick's not be happy
home happy back
so this is cool is at home and Hollywood
5 let's go together slide if he's all
half one time today with happy ending
for long term strength 6k blood like a
thief watch what I can say ok go to high
places if you leave the door oh yeah
you're right this man Ian go to the high
ground you want to go on that oh ah
walking away everybody even holy thanks
good job / it to buy through the Sun
okay you see this on you in there yeah
yeah moving away from us bye-bye alright
I will take your life well I remember
what once one time goes like it's over
quick
oh thank you it's all well darling
because of it though yeah that doesn't
recommend it so yellow hair okay my face
is a body job or just holding power oh
yeah yeah holy the cookies go right mate
sandy Oh what if it was money now that
happen in any one level people but but
one side really is like maybe in an idea
and what is this time I'll wear anything
holy piss
maybe because me want to be strong at
like naked why what about making choice
hey this is going in a little eclipses
thank you no thank you
my mother Gothel
I don't see what natural disaster fridge
and then I decided to do what is it the
first way to live in earthquakes we have
the same under the Box always looking
around you get off the inside inside a
break rules
what if they just come from inside the
building
oh he's going for a snare oh yeah and
now volcano why - building remember
today look very nice and then we all
hear all the other people's business
this tornado industry and really happen
yeah oh oh so it's clapping if you hated
this location come look oh good I admit
the way the building I was in its order
book whoa I think we can make it follow
things flying solo
yeah
this is the play final daddy king trying
to buy capital ah so you can reduce oil
and let it button so how did this happen
oh he's busy inside Oh
after playing singing or optical first
war plan process the more review has
better their 2-1 with up their time oh I
people give me the big guy yeah
with a weird huh hey mister windows with
the pen we went away don't for me I'm in
burn oh oh oh this guy's a man in parts
of people flow ah so anybody have me
Michael this is when you spit up on the
Quizlet whoa is ice cream
this person has acting you see it well a
little over accepted ice cream
yeah holding the by buying some Bud
Selig I know it's lucky the DA study
done oh please
Oh somebody's stuck there Hey Oh below
it super one yeah how can you mess it up
let's go dong zhuo always done what is
falling to make nut how about I follow
you I like it with the girls bathroom
oh my god
Oh
boy always above there's somebody
sitting on my head that's the thing Oh
somebody's all need so that was trying
and dubbing first any hard shell wah
double bogey high school so we try
playing but that's the end of our video
oh my gosh look at playing a game
Bacchus why have a family gasping hey
don't forget this is quite so I'm walk
Ryan family videos
I live in the buttermilk shoo fly to
live in the butter
