yeah we're at me yeah it is the new
Batman lego movie toys do you have a
Batgirl math or Batman's ma'am are you
gonna have a puzzle or a puzzle I like
puzzles the Google pictures yeah or like
some cups some Batman cups there ah as
you play Oh this week Donnell has a
playground also is it yeah we never been
here before thank you
all right
Oh mommy mommy I have to pay for the
playground yogurt
let's see what the function we did not
anything a Batman pin puzzle the puzzle
oh wow
hustle yes but if you get back to the
car nice so Ryan's gonna get together it
is Batman Robin and then you're right
favorite is my pride you're pointing to
give my friend a before what is that
there be a party we are at hard get we
have to go shopping to buy toys I know
we heard hot behind Toys R Us we need to
make bags for Ryan flash boom eight nope
head back
ken yeah times any back to your ten kids
in Ryan clap yeah
the valid side section just me Ralphie
now in comes next-gen hey Ronnie doesn't
talk with my cold actually I find my mom
mommy favorite uh-huh so let's go
shopping for some goodie bag B those are
not goodie bag how can kiss me about the
time change
yeah yeah so this was in the Valentine
Day section in sq heart oh we got to get
some Charlie we gotta get some truffle I
saw your teacher - Ryan you want to give
your teacher gold coin and go abarth
we're doing a teacher gold bar what's
inside these gold bars
oh and some gym whoa the color gym hero
special Oh Diamond Jim whoa
you want to give your teacher songs part
jewelry just be like oh nice firstly
heart okay and we'll get her something
else
- that's good I am can I have a hug for
Valentine's Day
thank you lie on mine found something
what are those
Oh Tommy a gummy candy Wow pretty risky
God you come on bear hollyrock where
lollipop go tomorrow lollipop oh that's
good while we fought marshmallow
lollipop once cookie so we gotta find
some Valentine cards here to amuse me
feel like you want Mickey Mouse lace
Amasa trip
keeping your classmate like some ten
miles yeah we only need one he only have
ten cosmic Drive which one do you want
any mini miny moe catch a tiger by its
toe
if you Molly let him go anybody mind you
mo arts design us
that one this one is Oh this point comes
with tattoos
oh that's fine oh man hey mama
okay I think we just need to get these
right here and you have a pen right so
two one
yeah please go together neither two one
two three four these are just two um
four
yeah five is eight nine no more yeah dad
Sam yay right so we got our goodie bag
now he's got to find some goodies so
you're in charge of finding some toys
and don't have a yummy gummy gummy well
what about some giving kids would like
some cookie podcast broke yeah
sweetheart screaming Ron lollipop or
pretty huh your savings may be some fun
get Valentine hold up this difference
we're all gonna get these heart-shaped
mixed fruits for your class
Michael got me Ella that me alone oh
sure himself
what is it look like I thought that is
good funny so you guys need to sister
many foreigners Wow as far as again you
need a you saw it ok alright so we are
going to pick some hot meal how the
blind bags so we didn't really see
anything so cool that one Wow
your frosting
by color right three more
Oh No what what
yeah so won't get some of the girl ones
EXO let's go find Carly
okay three family electric saw shoes
let's get pin and watchin one two three
four hey I think we have to keep them
together I think do some a section of
Power Rangers and so in your the
collection on the Power Rangers three
which my team is cool - which having to
want to be I think I like the yellow one
devotion wow this is like exclusive
metallic edition Paul what is this I've
got a Red Ranger here like this alright
so now we are done shopping
let's go check out you go home and make
them goody bag and right what were you
going back everywhere
have a family gasping hey don't forget
this is quite far more Ryan everything
yo live in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
lots of butter building
