Thank You Ryan yeah so we got some baby
toys laying around the sheets is a
little bit dirty we're gonna wash that
down once a week we usually clean up the
house and Ryan's job is to wipe this
table we clean up everybody do your
share
clean up clean up there's no one person
no chair I will help you okay sir I'm
cleaning that sign this kind of thing
this side yeah I think you spray a
little bit too much but it's okay we'll
get it off no big deal yeah we're gonna
bring all these toys the famous Alliance
room clean up
special edition nice let's bring this
upstairs too we can clean this guy up
and then the rest we will come back all
right take out the tom is and now yeah
you guys go somewhere else
did you guys are not hot wheels only for
milk I guess here you can see yourself
the toys no I can see the door
haha I get seen one boy so next we
should clean up the Nintendo toys
alright so let's clean up these Nintendo
games I'm Ryan and dad even playing
together alright clean enough now is
back in time Ryan got the little one
he's gonna he's gonna vacuum around the
sofa in the couch area well daddy got
the big one he's gonna vacuum the floor
because dirty
wipe the table Ryan will wipe the top
part and then mommy will attempt the
bottom part here I'm with you the top
and see if I can reach to do the bottom
alright so we play with Legos yesterday
now it's time to clean up
wow that was Whale Rider super slow
brothers go with box number 1 right 2 of
that box daddy really put up to box and
now this is his third box super speed
variety this
hit SuperSpeed make sure we got load up
dishes yeah so there's two dirty dishes
here we gonna wash and put in the
dishwasher
Kate's asleep but Emma she doesn't want
to go down for nap yet she's still wide
awake huh you're wide awake today right
now it's nap time
free roofies I'm going to give it to him
you put it in there for me okay
all right okay your pattern yeah
we load all our dishes in Bo's Ryan's
gonna help me scrap Holly went to bed
and Kate woke up okay you guys take
turns huh you guys just take time Ryan
got distracted that's true the hole is
big enough for you and now we're gonna
take this to the laundry monster Ryan
this way Oh Oh be careful right you're
right it Oh you fact that you pass the
door there you go you pass the door
again
you're done right Oh let's start it haha
let's start it it's learning oh oh it
started alright so now it's time for
lunch
Ryan is eating rice and salmon there you
got the rice going in the rice cooker
and mommy and daddy are eating the
leftover from yesterday which is rice
soup and chicken salad okay so one of
Ryan's favorite thing to eat is rice and
salmon here and he doesn't really like
the rice soup very much just a one mommy
and daddy are gonna eat but he's gonna
just eat the lettuce and the chicken
vegetables and then we have some grapes
for dessert and Ryan's favorite drink
besides water is what do you usually
like to drink going on there in the paw
Patrol I would say okay
so ho we're an out of water there looks
pretty empty I'm fine it's gonna help me
feel that water here super heavy for
Ryan bye everybody we're gonna finish
cleaning up
ow
