they're finally first mine
wow you guys you drive you're growing in
it so there they are
okay right have to look for them it can
be on the shoes man okay you two guys
you get ready to say yes it ready happy
happy birthday I can't sit on duck spit
on fire yeah just blow on over there
Ryan there you go ah you say picnic
picnic laughing he played with the rain
that's the first met God their hand
painting
can you put our mouths and of it what I
can't pay my first day and I'm gonna
hand-paint you guys good - it's light
just like with me happy first day are
they open for me
maybe a peeping toy haha yes strawberry
cleanup yeah which one's what you want
that along with us rather anyone there
you go
got a baby corn it's a sleeping boy Oh
strawberry strawberry here's your
strawberry cookie sheet gunshot ding her
strawberry again Oh
after the vibration we have you for the
vibration to completion in time you have
to hold your own toy air-filled your own
toys yeah yeah happy half birthday girls
it's not accomplishing ok we got to
clean them up look how messy you look
I'm a good little sis by there ya know
my face oh oh oh oh no no I think you
are just trying to be honest on the hun
each other especially doesn't know the
house controller part yeah thank you
rocket Harry honor shirt
does that look yummy 25 roaming
everywhere
he beats Becker wrong yeah I'm gonna
buckle you guys so you guys are rowing
everywhere or a bunch of cables or
there's logic growing toward each other
bullying on our dress but like paper
alpacas anymore rules
yeah I love this whoa are you guys
laughter the roller yeah Oh double
rolling Oh triple rolling Wow I got a
growing
oh no can't organize a six-month yeah
you guys I only like to put one second
oh now that's on her two fingers he
likes one speaker so they're finally
home he read it for food and mom and K
ok here and then we have Emma here and
there's finally end the little
co-sleeper at home finally Oh
finish your drink nope join if you have
1 million hit luck I don't know I hope
she doesn't have a million hip hop it's
a lot of hiccups okay hey join my year
look oh that's a tight brick dunky dunky
and why are you so angry I'm just
cooking and drinking same time are you
hi you too huh lose em on whose cake
um I UK hmmm are you K huh - somebody
got the hiccups okay so this is my baby
cake and this is my baby and my family
gasping yay don't forget this is quite
far more Ryan berry video live in the
buttermilk shoo fly shoo live in the
buttermilk
