well what's that rumbling now we're
going to do the treasure hunt you're
fine
the key the whole thing's good yeah
there's a lock there yeah I'll be a
number that says name right good dog
number one what is the first digit of
your room number
fine okay that's confidence fine oh my
god okay how many people are in the room
door how many people over there in their
little door okay let's find a weakness
the parent cares of people boring one
what up to two people with it there any
more people
okay number soon - okay under the TV in
your room there is a puzzle when you
solve the puzzle what is the number
shown oh there's a puzzle underneath the
positron it should be a number actually
saw supposed Elizabeth Zoe what's that
mine
oh no the older line is it there hold on
okay okay okay so change it to those
numbers looking one oh I think a numbers
not for me
oh you go far well do you see the
numbers Oh tell Ryan listen you figured
out what number is that fine
oh hi yes I've got to sweep off it but
right now okay so what is the password
fine five two two five five okay now you
have solved the clue turn the number on
the tip and discover the treasurer so
five two
five ready Wow Brian what are we gonna
hurt okay yeah whoa whoa God what what
is it for fine now
I gave you a blind bag Wow some CBC's
HEVC hungry drink
hey kynzie and Michael and I think part
with dick knee oh it's a account a lot
along oh thanks whoa it is awesome this
is an activity pack that has a scavenger
hunt
y'all are they all cool oh yeah yeah I
love it
that is awesome it's almost stuff I want
to build wow that's cool that's cool too
Wow what's moving what's behind there so
he's moving right Barry was rumbling in
there what are you a - speaking roles
there okay one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten ready or not I'm
coming guys see you guys here and you
guys seen Ryan
no okay yeah see anywhere anywhere - -
Kurt - Kurt sure
nope on top of the bed no turn the
corner here
see you guys even let me know oh I see
where could they be
Oh what is this Oh what is it Oh his
daddy because I see what sticking up you
guys ha ha ha ha ha alright but I'm
still missing Ryan is he behind us one
day shoot no hmm
question easy I wonder in his room you
make where is Ryan what do you know what
annoys lucky summer is coming from hello
what something Rumble a sign from
overhead right then I want you telling
me laughs I want okay okay you are
whoever got down Thursday loose how
about mommy turn to hide and you guys
find me okay okay
one two three
when you're not here I come hmm nobody
what nobody
yes good night good maybe she maybe she
left them outside maybe industry - oh I
see something oh it's something that's
always here
no one idea oh yeah I sell wine because
when we can use quicker than you found
me in a while yeah you guys support I
think I really miss olive oil
oh really I don't know I would judge
whoever is the coolest okay coolest want
you to : so daddy versus Ryan has to be
the cornflower
yeah the coolants all right so this is
what Ryan looks like and preview a
little preview no I'm self started dr.
Ryan all right so we will be back so
thank you okay so it's been ten minutes
and this is a little preview of what
Ryan has a lot of things going on no I
can't you're taking full of things City
little things and like a dragon looking
or coming down nothing good I like it
if you fly risk it's fine trying to
fight down the gallon Oh Oh
pirate ships trying to fight down this
tower and then daddy over here as this
box looking things no no oh it's a house
thank you buddy
I defended me okay bro this blue cow is
way bigger than okay I'm already pretty
missable
oh hi give me about five more minutes
and imma let the audience decide this
one's good why were minute what kind of
talk around on wisdom of 500k five
minute is that guy still trying to build
something here with a rotor coming
Atlee when a runway oka home and I mean
town full of city
whoa house full of yummy
all right kids you have to tell me who
won daddy's house with a road or Ryan
little town here and this is your boss
oh okay well it looks awesome right well
since I think Ryan won okay but kids
tell me am I right or wrong
okay I think Ryan is the winner I'm sure
you'll love it wasn't you on Ryan how
about we open this Lego minifigure ease
with Disney characters here ah
earthquake ha ha ha ha okay
Oh daddy did you stop the talking no no
no I mean I didn't even move cable let's
do a character we get I'm interested in
Mickey Mouse oh um dr. Kennedy who do
you think we're going to get down bug
but my era fantasy did we get Judy was
pink cars and Minnie Mouse Minnie Mouse
Minnie Mouse oh no no not not even
Minnie Mouse
oh is that I'm gonna know the name the
cat from Alice was wondering yeah the
glow is face yeah oh you guys know the
name let us know if we forgot oh oh oh
oh oh my god I thought I'd use it your
house Amy don't so big I think this book
could be a driveway for the car I love
the dark house invasion
oh no you can downgrade my hospital
power nothing is wrong with the doghouse
in the cat house going out yeah
dog hey-oh
hot sauce oh no Godzilla's coming
Godzilla Oh kids what do you think this
is oh so daddy built something which
character is that Mario top daddy is
pretty good I mean out of the limited
you know LEGO pieces that you had on
that's pretty good
whoa I like it
I see I see yeah my god it looks like a
crocodile a crocodile monster with
ginormous pink for some reason oh now
he's a father that's funny
have a family gasps again don't forget
to subscribe for more Brian every video
live in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
