morning girls morning forgive you Minnie
Mouse house Minnie Mouse for you Emma
stabbing
Oh Renee you grabbing the shoe oh it's
not a it's not a chew toy
oh thank you it on the toy not you
what's your cake your toy yeah or
parties are how's your kolache yeah
and here's Emma drinking her breakfast
right eating your breakfast so Emma's
done drinking your milk now cakes turn
right cake make a pancake let all the
ingredients what even with marshmallows
yeah yeah this is our first I'm making
the pancake from the scratch I always do
the microwaveable thinking wave of all
they're not microwavable the frozen
frozen I know but the whole bag a mix in
the ball oh yeah the whole thing
shaky-shaky
yeah too much but if you like some
tinkle tinkle tinkle tinkle tinkle close
do we have enough milk although they
don't ah don't even have enough milk for
two cups all right
well it's getting pretty I you know to
do it this is Ryan's first time one more
about Ali duties Oh still a little bit
there you go the balls to come into self
here hope in the middle there you go
good job Ryan dump it in Blair oh we
went to stop if I'm doing good job
there's a lot of room full of stuff and
shine Oh clumpy oh wait are we doing it
right yeah it's our first time so I
guess we'll find out
we usually not get with cooking food
looks like we're doing it wrong is your
drum I'm gonna put magic in it
abracadabra
what Oh stars yeah we're going to try to
make some star pancakes we'll see how it
works out
can you do a monster truck daddy a
monster truck ah yeah you're not easy
track nothing nothing uh what about
Mickey Mouse okay can you do Mickey
Mouse I try
there's needs to be bigger for Mickey
Mouse
what here yeah me feet bigger ears whoa
it's still spreading out so good I look
like a Mickey Mouse to me I can make up
I oh is that where I should meet yeah
but his nose whatever look at Minnie
Mouse not a Minnie Mouse look like let's
see does that give you idea does that
give you idea not really you want to
cook the banana so we're adding it later
okay hey work to give it to the hook
we're just cooking it - I think I think
it's great huh fluffy cheek oh why does
not
nice hopefully it tastes okay oh hey
Paul Mickey Mouse yeah yeah there you go
Wow turn up it looks appetizing to eat
or not
my stars there you go oh we've made a
big mess on the table just for some
pancakes
ha ha ha don't forget big cooking my
pancakes are coming out too small then
flip it over see how the marshmallows
I hope it looks funny let's see even
company it's still there oh it's melted
ah it's all melted how the whole whoa
that really has eyes got me and this one
too probably
ah starting for Ryan shake now I'm gonna
try those harpy blasters we're dry
enough that he can do it
we're wheels with wheels two months a
lot of his wheels okay monster wheels
please not yet Ryan
Danny wanted see
like this like that so kinda started
right I got back three years out there
are a little looks like a car even
making it look like a car's whole just
not a monster truck okay there it is
yeah what are you doing
mmm just sprinkle some chocolate oh she
didn't see anything it's like white on
white sprinkle can't hit that one comes
out yay boom look Oh you some toppings
on thank you nice oh you can make em in
like a wheel oh yeah that's right and if
you want you can put the whipped cream
on oh yeah okay so daddy said you just
made a warm
whoa right you can't even go the car
anymore
so mom
Oh Mickey Mouse have a mustache now oh
okay it's warm is complete little circle
okay oh no how's the pancake is it are
you sure who did it's our first time
making pancake all right so we're almost
done with odd little funny shaped
pancakes and way too much whipped cream
on the car way too much whipped cream
now I will use some welcome to if you
can use a hand
hmm finally done after like an hour
later eating the monster truck the
monster truck caracal ah bill Nyes and
i'll put it here - if I need some more
syrup okay you want some more Thank You
Ryan
oh come on - too sweet
got it ah I'm just gonna take this first
pillow syrup
yummy right thank you for joining us
forever as a family dedicated by what
hey don't play with it - family - okay
don't forget to subscribe for more Ryan
every videos
five in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
flies in the buttermilk
