she's running away I'm going to a
birthday party so now Ryan is putting
his name from Ryan nice do you know
where it's gonna be yet bounce house
yeah it's gonna be at the back Wow
are you ready to go wow there's an
upstairs section too
all right favorite things to play right
now we're Legos right yeah you guys
gonna build me something she want to
show you too Ryan so Ryan's tryna play
babe oh yeah yeah and they won't even
hang out with their brother yeah no yeah
yeah right Ryan I know my name is Yaya
the Ryan is play playing roblox right
now they're just hitting wrong
mr.brother bonding moment huh I'm us
cleaning Thank You am i you're cleaning
the house what you want to clean too
you're gonna check find something to
clean the house okay
and then kids playing Lego let's check a
check a church - it's snowing it's
snowing
yeah yeah good job I'm ah I'm not
putting it on and taking it off alright
so while the girls are playing Legos
that he is cooking us lunch what you
cookin over there daddy
Starfire beef and tofu Wow question this
is a mushroom nice so we just got this
voice changer here and we're gonna test
it out at this I said hello what are you
doing can't even hear what you're saying
so have this different variation here so
let's put one up and see
hello what are you doing to forget my
mommy try hello
mr. Ryan do you hear my voice hello mr.
Rai Rai don't forget to dry the right
pod she's running away what'd you say
anybody know what am i saying I don't
know what she saying anything she doing
release how much you think hello anybody
know what am I saying let us know we
don't know what she's saying
now Ryan's building some Legos the
building over here we just started so
this is when he's building here lego
ninjago Wow trying to voice changes what
does this I'm doing ej right now yeah so
there's many different voice no fuzz and
no aliens the aliens who is burning it
record a record a voice okay so thank
you everyone for watching now for some
reason and my's trying I'm ami shoe huh
the monkey wearing my shoes backward
yeah so am I here has a shirt that says
hello my name is with Emma and Kate I
also have a t-shirt oh that says hello
my name is and it's check on Kate okay
girls what are you doing in the kitchen
huh
hey Ont some food oh my girls okay okay
you guys want to eat this carrot okay
you ate this okay let's eat this and
look that's in the kitchen
oh my oh my yeah it's so good but we
just have to clean all this up thank you
let me make a mess you clean up okay
thank you nice and soft thank you girl
sweet thank you I'm here thank you let's
clean up the kitchen
thank you now mommy's putting together
Ryan's lunch tomorrow
Ryan love these little little seaweed
wrap here with rice
yeah so all we do is we just get some
rice and then some food you want you
want some too all right so then Emma and
kate loves these too so just take a bite
so now Ryan's eating his lunch here you
go here's some yummy yummy milk is it
good yeah whoa
yep seaweed sticking out of your mouth
girl are you ready for lunch
Brian will show you okay okay see you
get a surprise toy when you smash it
there it is a surprise toys when you
smash it see he's here surprise toy this
is the toys we got so far when we smash
it all right you try to put on some
clothes she's trying to put on some
clothes
girls what'd you do oh you guys took up
all the clothes from the bed so there's
like a pile of clothes here that mommy
needs to fold today and he just grabbed
it down I know
oh all right trying to clean up girl
sorry mommy gotta fold all this now also
received a gift from the party now we're
gonna see what it is oh wait the swing
shot that oh that's fun thank you so
much this is a TNT oral danger and some
fun root beer so so we can stack them
there it is so there's a slingshot and
here's the ball that it comes with let's
see if I can knock it over oh nice all
right mommy's turn let's see this is
harder than you it looks okay so Ryan
has to show mommy cuz I don't even know
how why did you do this that's how you
do it oh right there in the ball okay
he's trying a different way you did it
buddy
oh wow so Ryan built me this and has
LEGO pieces on top okay I want to see if
I could knock this down are you ready
yeah see if I can do this you guys yeah
yeah in one shot Ryan also got that
nunchuck from the party place I think
you'd had your nunchuck wow I don't know
like that I don't know that's the goody
bag from the party of course Ring Pop
Ring Pop I didn't know that's your
favorite candy that's cool all right so
daddy's gonna try the slingshot daddy's
gonna try to knock it down let's see
don't forget to subscribe for more
videos
