that's right first Thanksgiving hey
where's Ryan where's Ryan
Ryan where'd you go whoa hop your teeth
your teeth did you just walk the - did
you eat too much candy is that why no
there let me see what is that joke oh
it's a joke oh wow oh and it's like look
at the color it's like brown yeah nasty
color yo Oh
jokes and gags oh oh wow nasty what you
know what I did
where's that brown stuff on there maybe
chocolate chocolate hey it's Ryan from
do the turkey dance ready
let me see you wobble wobble let me see
you
gobble gobble let me see you make it
look like a pig
for another planet turkey shooting gig
my mom made turkey
potato for greater peace they open white
turkey by design alright so we're gonna
shoot with these fun what is it they're
not nervous guys they're just ball blast
a black ball okay so we got our ball
black gun loaded and see if it works
here you're not telling the 20 target oh
yeah yeah I'm how you're gonna go first
Katniss is a bad guy going all right you
see a Ryan can do it go back Oh where'd
it go well nope yeah we're done
stronger oh you still have some finding
daddy be tryin
oh no daddy still have free turkey
standing dick I can now it's mommy's
turn
oh poor turkey standing daddy
yep it's the wall ready aim fire
public way over ha ha I do this can I do
this yeah last one can I do this can I
do this yeah ah has to have freestanding
won't let you beat daddy did I beat you
daddy
I know three - no you have for yet more
standing yes the ride is first place
mommy is second place
alright let's big turkey in the oven
it's already preheated and this is
already pretty good - I'm just heating
it up easy precooked turkey to spin over
won't be about that yeah
never
turkey people asleep yeah we never could
choke you before only that's pitch
oh no maybe next year we'll we can cook
our own turkey this year we bought this
look fully precooked Turkey fully
precooked side dishes too well I hope it
worked because if it doesn't work then
we have no Thanksgiving dinner no we
just got a lockdown oh okay it's done
daddy I helped the turkeys not wrong or
anything
then we're gonna no not eat anything and
not having me Turkey yeah we've gotta
help the other myself moment of truth
drum roll what are you doing okay next
year's challenge is to cook our own
turkey okay
rides like oh no place it took into like
the shortcut to cooking so see that are
watching it that look like a holy
delicious turkey would you eat this
would you eat this what if I could
evacuate move okay move out a little bit
Ryan just back off you too Emma
oh you too okay I'm holding Emma okay
mmm when Ryan got this goodie bag from
school right
for Thanksgiving Oh play-doh I want to
open it right now you can open play-doh
okay and I'm gonna make a fish you're
gonna make a fish how you gonna get fish
oh the cat comes with the little mold
thing I see I see
what else is in your goody bag here some
yummy treats lollipop mmm and a funny
straw on a funny straw inside a super
fun you're right Emma okay well good
thing is good thing my idea this is
gonna be the loudest noise ever
104 loud thank you you got the Charter
be over there daddy there's a turkey
look super tiny compared to the plate
Katie K okay thank you for waiting
thank you for waiting Katie King how's
your day so far how is your first
Thanksgiving dinner party and yummy
delicious all my life is milk for
Thanksgiving good bye my baby BAE hi
Katie K there you go good girl baby girl
hi Kate you look super close to the
phone when you're like far you're super
close come to the phone
and
anyways Ryan this is not Kate this is
Emma Kate over here right K you don't
know your sister's by noon cuz they look
the same right okay so there they are
they look alike nope do they look alike
to you guys no but you got them wrong
earlier well they don't look like like
do these look like eyeballs then what
okay do look like eyeballs I'm gonna
bring some more play-doh and make him
out okay you go do that
you'll get your hand yummy yummy in your
tummy yeah I'll watch you okay keep
looking at you Emma
let me see you wobble wobble you want a
waffle cake let me see you gobble gobble
I'm Beth Emma and Kate too right because
it look a lot hard actually
actually I need one more thing for Emma
but she always cries oh really she does
slimy your brother says you always cry I
do you cry
are you a big crier huh do you like to
cry is that your thing your cry-baby
oh I know you could girl Kate I know you
only cry when you need something right
no um one key cries oh there's one of
those okay okay wait what is your
iPhone's not circle like Emma Oh what is
it lack of circle eyeballs and if kick
does it do you wobble wobble
what is he you shake it shake it let me
see you can't get oh oh no she spilled
she she she uh puke on her dress a
little bit you see oh no Emma okay me
quickly can't you be right there okay
we're gonna play another game you guys
have to be a turkey but whatever yeah
but whatever Turkey I say you have to do
it okay and you have to walk around like
a turkey for example aqua here is angry
turkey how would it get greater cute
walk around
okay let's do three more he is ready now
let's act like you're asleep be jerky
hopefully be jerky a third thing how
would you ask if you were super super
happy Turkey okay how would you act if
you're a baby Turkey a baby Turkey thank
you for my slices daddy that's right
okay it tastes good
yeah this is our first time driving a
ready precooked Turkey hey no no realtor
yeah realtor yeah I know what do you
think oh is it
I'm glad you have to watch one baby
wanna eat and mom may have to hold the
other baby yeah because they don't have
a highchair yet we are the babies
highchair so we have to eat while
holding a baby and recording me lucky
for me I know never being independent
eating
because sometimes side dish it's hard to
do with a baby you know have fun tries
we're talking about what are those
yellow things are drawn fine fries over
an onion so it's all mixed up cranberry
and mashed potatoes everything give me
the whole shebang yes that'll get the
whole shebang
yeah thank you looks delicious
he's gonna Bowl wyldstyle ha I know it's
hard to eat with holding a baby so
there's no bother ya interested this is
it mmm yummy mmm
yeah just interesting looks really
interested in the food she's like what
is that what you got there what is that
big thing in your hand yeah well I was
gonna see how Kate's doing you but she
fell asleep in my arms look at her
sucking our thumb did you see your right
that's funny
oh right closer now when you eat Ryan
Ryan in first swallow your blue swallow
your food before you talk huh I don't
think anybody wants to see that blur
effect right when Emma's falling asleep
guess who won't go baby
that's it woke up okay took a it's okay
it's okay my baby girl mommy love you
baby girl it's okay my baby cake mommy
love you Katie K
I made this one up if you didn't
remember this is what I made for mommy
yeah so this is what Ryan made for mommy
okay just can't wait with the candy cord
yeah we're gonna open that later and try
and you know what I'm just gonna get the
candy corn right now okay for these me
miss feet that's Kate that's Kate's feet
that's and Murphy at Emma's feet and
where these bring your hands and if you
guys haven't checked out Ryan's video
when you made this from on me check it
out it's on Ryan's channel Ryan's toy
review he show you the whole process on
how to do it yourself well maybe a
little late this year but maybe next
year you guys can make this awesome art
and surprise your mommy you still have a
whole bunch of candy corn leftover don't
eat so much okay
just eat like maybe three don't eat so
much candy before bedtime wait a little
bit for daddy to come back and then what
we're going to do for daddy comes
we're gonna eat okay oh my god and you
cannot eat it with your hands
yeah that's right and you have to eat
like a dog
oh I know what you mean what now yeah so
let me show you the cake here so that's
the turkey cake
we bought it's falling off a little bit
but so good yeah
hey what it feels like so we got the
turkey cake out whoa pretty hard it's
hard one another French to have stuffing
oh yeah I'll have a joke kinda joke uh
why did the turkey not eat on
Thanksgiving huh thank you what why does
the turkey not eat on Thanksgiving
because it's okay
no oh why doesn't a turkey eat on
Thanksgiving okay though because Native
American people gave it you know I don't
know I don't like it - okay are you
ready
drum roll please it's because he's stuff
get it he did eat because he stuff I
haven't junk
oh good guess he's full up okay I'll
sing you something - why can the jerky
not walk okay why because it got a
cutlet back there good joke you've done
you forgot to print a fridge for a
little bit melted it just melted
it's coming off so you guys aren't
taking first bite and you cannot use
your hand no hands
it's a tradition we're gonna do this
every year
the first bite let me see you gobble
gobble go gobble gobble gobble gobble
she even gobble our lady
oh you can come yeah
did you gobble are you sure you can
already tell
cream cream on the outside was on the
inside free ones on the inside not just
cream it's vanilla cake right here
vanilla cake
what it's inside oh she's vanilla
did I hey can I see don't eat too much
okay right
Oh too late look look about how much
higher gate what did you do you just
scrape it with your fingers then you
just scrape it good good turkey God hi
Bill Oh Ryan bear is gonna cut the cake
well daddy cut the cake I'm sick upon
the twins right clinic because if their
first Thanksgiving all right so one twin
sleeping here I need to get that out
okay and on the other side of the bed is
the other twin your teeth is green
open your out together Missy there is
amazing this hmm yeah burns internet
camp and now just take this cream and
your cup started coming okay Ryan let me
see you gobble gobble we're gonna play
game the cupcake and I'm gonna hide the
ball and you
I lost track of what's one all right
which one are to forgot I should have
paid attention to the feather this one
that one this one that I think it had
those two colors on there anyone more
primary video Riley's by me just again
five in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
flies in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
