just too hard I suck at sports so maybe
I'm good at every sport I can finally
play basketball or soccer hi everybody
today we're gonna play would you rather
Ryan's gonna be the host and we're
trying to guess which one Ryan will pick
loser it's okay that's a good question
and I be a superhero like Superman I can
save the day or if I become a villain oh
but the question is which one will Ryan
pick villain kylo I'm gonna pick right
kind of three ready okay one two three
be a hero
would you rather not dinosaur arm or
unicorn horn ooh
t-rex army isn't it tightly you can't do
anything or if you have a unicorn horn
or be magical
don't they grant you wishes I think it
should labor be
well Lambo
I think everybody likes unicorn that's
hard one I'm gonna say Oh dinosaur
jargon robot or giant monster robot what
if it's more giant robots or what if
it's a monster we can just crush the
town I'll be fine
one two three would you rather
never use your computer for one block or
would you rather never eat junk food for
one what still counts french fries and
chips
oh no internet for one month I can't
watch YouTube videos oh but I love
french fries you're obviously you can
tell all the junk foods in here what
would Ryan pick hmm
ready one two three because ryan loves
roblox to battle not junk food because
oh how big Kelvin if you have big hands
you can like just grab stuff whatever
you're looking for you just wrap it make
a punch and then you can walk around
this one two three - look I want to do
bigger poo giant City does that mean
there's lots of giant building a baby a
giant size food I don't think about food
a giant I've been on the building okay
um a beautiful island so we go swimming
and the host I see Ryan would pay
you ready 1 2 3 this is too hard if we
get a beautiful big house we can make a
big house out of candy what do you think
oops or like a gingerbread house that
would be awesome for every accent break
it we're hungry or how you're bringing
the house but if it's car right lobster
the car you like the miniature car I
know he wants a big pot this is too hard
what would Brian and pick for me I would
love the candy house but for Ryan hmm I
ready to come to Greece 1 2 3
nice like a Bugatti would you rather go
to the past where you can see what
you're not bored or would you rather go
to the future and life's going
this is too hard the future is
interesting though because there might
be a flying car or we could discover a
means and there will be spaceship so we
can ride on the spaceship with them in
Cedar alien Freddy bull you know that's
good but if we travel a hundred years
into the past we can see our family -
that's true - I suck at sports but maybe
if I'm good at every sport I can finally
play basketball and I can finally play
baseball or soccer you can speak the
language you can make so many friends
from all different countries one two
I would rather read people's minds
oh wow I have the power to read your
mind I know what you're feeling right
now no don't read my mind stop thinking
about buster you can teleport anywhere
you can visit all of the planets and
different galaxies you can visit Mars
Jupiter and maybe Pluto if it's a planet
anymore daddy daddy
boom boom Oh as a friend
man that's such a good power are you
ready to choose a runner pick one two
three which rather say really good or
would you rather play wow if I can sing
really good I can actually sing frozen
let it go let it go or if I can be good
at an instrument if I learn how to play
the piano or the guitar or play the
trombone oh my instrument oh that's good
um but then I always wanna be able to
sing this is you hard are you ready yeah
one two three
very good would you rather be stuck on
an island or would you don't like cold
Oh No
but what would Brian choose because you
know if he's on it kinda lean he could
go fishing that sound fun to you he can
make a campfire one two three cold pill
so I can tie my ride home which rather
not chase
or would you rather not smell anything
so I can't taste anything so if I eat
some fries or even I eat strawberries I
can't taste it but if you don't smell
anything then I don't have to worry
about my stinky feet
okay huh
I think Ryan rather are you ready 1 2 3
what does that mean sorry no sour okay
what's flavors this is watermelon I love
watermelon but not little to love but
this is for head watermelon hurry let's
see how is it
yeah is this alright oh there's actually
sleep now oh it's once you pass the
sourness it becomes sweet why everybody
have a family destiny don't forget to
subscribe for more Ryan fairy videos
