12:50 well good that's right come on
what welcome to okay Ryan's been taxing
multiplication tables past five days you
know what whining memorize all the way
to five times five times 12 you don't
like 5 times 12 6 6 cube whoa good
that's right let's just give him
something
what's he looking 5 times 3 times 3 3
times 11 times 4 now let's check and see
how fast lion can go through 4 times all
the 4 times it's on the flash card if I
can just go through one by one all right
so now let's get started you ready man
all right 3 2 1 go thank you what I'm
saying to get four times smaller
okay that's 100 times 1000 times 11
25:26 thank you so he's hit good but I'm
still give up put them 204 times 7 John
what I was 5
No welcome three good job
oh that's for ya that was for you - what
are you - second 42 seconds Ryan are you
ready for the real contest the contest
will be between Ryan and daddy me dude
yes are you ready all right Ryan Gotti
are you ready for the challenge right so
on the floor here I've laid out some
multiplication so like 2 times a 2 times
4 5 times 4 4 times 9 3 times 4 so it's
all randomly placed you guys have to
match up the answer choices on the other
side
so whoever collects the most wins are
you ready pairing the mark get set go
oh right have three daddy asked for
daddy's wedding right right looking for
four times six what sports are you thick
you find 4 times 6 4 10 6
somebody's messing up great times 12 is
not 16 yeah somebody's messing up
alright so we put up correct answer back
alright game is over I got to figure out
who won battle checkbox on lost Hey all
right let me check Fri and make sure it
Ryan's correct here doesn't count if you
want yeah for 2011 44 good what else two
times eight which is what's the answer
you gave me 16 good okay he did four
times six which is 24 correct
hey two times three which is six correct
four times ten he gave me 40 which is
good okay five times three he gave me 15
good job
okay two times five you put down ten
nice so far so good
three times three you put down nine yay
okay four times seven he gave me 28 why
are you doing a good job buddy five
times to put down 1000 correct good job
so Ryan has 10 points yeah 10
correctness and daddy I'm assuming he's
a grown-up so they should get it right
okay so let me see how many pairs you
have there you go okay one pair two
pairs to prepare with a sticky gum or
pair five six
seven mmm eight nine ten
yeah very thought that's rind it's so
good on this multiplication we're here
getting some yummy frozen yogurt which
one do you want Ryan there is cookie
cake
cotton candy or if they kick but it's
not even your birthday okay all right
some birthday cake all right so I'm a
call for you tell me when you're done
what I'll see you on here there's some
brownie sassy Oh red velvet ooh
toasted marshmallow I've never seen that
one before this is mommy's favorite I
love cheesecake you guys like chocolate
some classic tart some coffee caramel
pineapple and orange we're still
deciding you guys alright sweet but you
want cotton candy right Rhine decided on
cotton candy from you in done yeah
alright Lee she's popping do you want
I'll get it for you
the gummies Olmo okay that's enough just
a little bit of gummies okay there you
go
walk-in days okay all right anything
else
Oh am i gave you your favorite is gummy
worms you're here you go with you three
fries enough all right Ryan tell me what
it tastes like dress see if it's any
good
is it good so there it is Ryan prize for
doing a good job a multiplication room
okay so now we're back home almost
bedtime
Brian's gonna practice all his little
flashcard he usually practice it every
day before he goes to bed it takes him
about five minutes and then tomorrow
well the fact that you've done is three
minutes and 51 seconds yeah good job but
we're not timing him tonight so he's
gonna just go to the flashcards and then
we read a book and get ready for bed
right then tomorrow do you ever get to
do tomorrow starts six six five yeah six
times 1/6 X except you already know it
six up three
eight okay good job yeah well we'll
practice tomorrow all right
twelve twelve yeah thirty-six good job
0:28 good job 44 44 what is it yeah 24
Guitar Quartet 624 good job for some
reason all the fours are together huh
took a two more left
32 yeah hmm 20 good
sex edge
seven awesome possum alright let Ryan
finish we're gonna keep we're gonna call
that night bye everybody bye family -
dickhead don't forget to subscribe for
more videos
