Ryan's over there and we're gonna scared
Ryan Mac I said we're getting ready to
go
Ryan's putting on his shoes how do you
take you one last bite and then he's
gonna finish packing they're pretty much
our packs
we're all ready to get out of here
everybody today's our last day here at
Mall of America we're gonna go get
something to eat num yum yum and then
we're gonna get out of here you ready to
go home to your sister yeah and her
lovely cat that's right let's go but if
you don't know we have cats now what are
the names again petals and mr. sketchy
yeah pebbles in mr. scratchy there are
new family members come check them out
okay so we found a place that's it let's
see what they have for breakfast
sure they have some clear and some yummy
Syria
yogurt air they have
they also have this which I'm gonna get
and there's also a see what it looks
like and then there's some yummy ham
bread that's like bread and eggs so we
got our food Ryan's eating cereal
he's a dairy out daddy's on here that's
why I'm eating and this is what mommy's
eating and he's not eating pizza ro fish
yes so we found this place here at the
mall you can make a 3d version of
yourself so that's what we're gonna do
look at it Ryan look at many different
kinds
all right so I guess we're gonna go in
there or any pose you want oh we found
this what do you say that thing come
with us it means our friends oh really
look how big they are some fun building
toys here Oh cute cute
it was sandwich maker you can make a
little kitty sandwich oh we used to play
this games like a mini version look at
these cute little stuffed animal you
guys oh we found the whole section of
blind bags and surprise toys there's
Dragon Balls there's did you mind their
stuff I don't know a Friday night at
Freddy's a remote control you can get
there's Mario
there's Kingdom Hearts realistic kitty
hello it looks like your cat Oh mr.
scratchy Ryan's kitty cat transformers
GI Joe I don't need your Care Bears are
there's like a giant statue here Snorlax
Wow look at this act here that would be
awesome I don't know look at that
it looks pretty awesome it's also the
spinor storm some fun Disco's you know
what are these this looks cool tarantula
spider the red gummy all these little
cute teeny beanie babies
Brian's looking at fidget spinners my
this place has so many fidget spinner
are you guys doing to fidget spinners we
found Pikachu use some fun pig poppers
unicorn poppers a section of frisbee huh
so many different colors well there's
something really awesome and different
fidget spinner but we never saw before
before student this let's get first
grade to see if Ryan knows so let's go
Ryan decides to buy what is that gold
center we found the crayola crayola
right
we're gonna go to the Crayola experience
look at that door Ryan's going through
giant marker look at the melted crayons
whoo hey guys so we're getting ready to
go
Brian's putting on his shoes daddy's
taking one last bite and then he's gonna
finish packing but pretty much I pack so
we're all ready to get out of here till
we go outside is super cold outside
Santa Rita jacket we're waiting for the
elevator
nobody's in time let's go let's go home
yeah bye bye Christmas tree daddy's
waiting to check out we're waiting for
our car Ryan zipping up his jacket yeah
you know why because like it is snowing
outside
is that I take care of everything I even
took it up and good job cuz it's super
coat outside are you ready to go outside
let's go you feel the coldness
well her car is here be careful we here
at the airport now we're waiting for
we're gonna need some snack and here it
is some airplanes about to take off I
guess if we finish our food and we also
got this game here from the shop oh yeah
finger soccer I'll clip your finger yeah
yeah and you can get your shoes so let's
see Brian look at the tiny little shoe
for your hands
wait my hand doesn't even fit it's like
here's a blue one you like blue one
right yeah just be kicking the soccer
okay daddy's gonna set it up for us
where we play the goalie and what we're
both the goalie
no no Brian just beat back okay ready
all right let's see a weekend score
score cool so that's the feel look at
that
what's huge way there there you go
daddy's still filling his goal daddy
versus Ryan okay all right on your mark
get set go
daddy's blocking let's see okay good job
one point for Ryan yeah it counts right
cuz they went through right Ryan one
point ninety one point here is the final
showdown so close Ryan so close
so this Airport has a an observatory
deck so you go upside upstairs and see
oh wow look at airplanes about to take
off
what you think okay
looks good huh yeah Wow look at all
those airplanes
right hands over there and we're gonna
scared Ryan
I do mommy got you there never playing
paper-rock-scissors
daddy's over there by himself hi Ryan's
trying to buckle his seat man good job
and this is our view from me outside so
Ryan Ben
it's like a game but also kind of
teaches Ryan is the concept of coding
right because he said he wants to learn
how to code numbers in there so
basically it has to use so code and make
sure you get I'm not I'm not really done
on this one mission okay we have ice
powers well bar around
eat my bed
so basically he's a dragon and he's
trying to get to the treasure but
there's also obstacles in the way so
he's trying to he has those Colt there
and then it tells him do you want to
walk or eat or run or jump or climb see
if the dragon gets to the treasure blast
that long
yeah
we missed you we miss you we miss you
we missed you I am I missed you
how are you will you good girl you want
to tie everybody by videos
five in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
flies in the butter
