oh no we just went back to the beginning
you guys okay so we just came in the
mirror maze and Ryan just saw him so
whoa
well which way guys Ryan which way do
you think oh I don't know so much
mirrors everywhere right I was bump into
the mirror oh this way this way this way
okay this way
oh wait Lucky's going that way this way
this way this way this way this way
yeah this way over here if you look on
the floor maybe I'll help you look on
the floor oh no we just went back to the
beginning you guys okay daddy no let's
go let's follow daddy this is so
confusing
it's not really her guy's rear loss and
look there's so many daddy there's so
many Ryan's daddy daddy daddy
looks like you're way over there yeah
you're way over there on the other side
to do
Oh guys um we're the only one here
laughs is it really a long haul where
are we going the right way
oh wow fireworks so this is different so
we're going the right way Ryan fireworks
let's go oh we're going the right
direction
oh yeah Ryan of you we just go out here
that's emergency exit okay
mommy looks like I'm way over there okay
let's go through this door here it looks
like at the end
Wow
we heard it was fun right but then we
almost thought we were going to get lost
but we did it because Jenny's dead
now we're gonna open some surprise toys
so we bought this surprise toys here
we're gonna open up the hotel let's see
which one you want open first we got
Justice League we got this cute little
cat thing I don't know you got some
unicorn
we got some unicorn mermaid whoo we got
some Marvel frenzies and something that
says sushi car I wanna do mommy oh thank
you which one a unit punch of cute
alright see we're gonna get Ryan what do
we get what Unicorn did we get okay so
cute is he right yeah as a way you can
fly oh it is this is like a really huge
keychain you can't even put it in your
pocket or anything so there it is super
cute
here are all the choices so which one do
we get oh did we get this one lock Lolo
Pesa little peso thing - shake oh gosh
is she
Peretz let's see we're gonna get here
what kind of sushi car will we get there
it is hey Ryan
what kind of sushi are we gonna get
wait a minute I think isn't it it's my
favorite I bet your ramp little guy you
know I can fly right y8 indeed the
driver her posture she tiger okay Ron
you an open next Justice League ooh
so here's all the character you get
collect and the flash one looks cool
Superman looks cool but I really want
Wonder Woman so you look at flash which
my doesn't need to fly to be cool which
one do you want
super duper manner here at see that's
Superman
wonder wonder what my new friend okay
okay right we got two left on open a cat
I want to open Marvel
all right so here's all the cash you can
collect here it says one in twelve
chances for each so let's see what we're
gonna get weapons one well there's 12 of
them out B which can't wait you're
actually to one accident no way I don't
believe you
definitely want some sushi you can't
even see him anymore so here's the last
one for the character hopefully we get
spider-man spider-man way it's not a
figurine what is that is that a book
maybe it's a figurine inside a book
we're so confused
alright who is it what is it mercy
cachet
oh wow that's pretty cool is that so
this is really cool it's like a comic
book it's Captain Marvel I won't trap
you
so there it is here's our surprise toy
collection to meet God tell us which one
was your favorite
I really like this unicorn mermaid one
what did you call it again learn the
core number card have a family destiny
don't forget to subscribe for more Ryan
fairy videos
five in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo fly
