girl daddy's dead Wow what you think
they're days now both babies are in hi
where you want to go to huh it she likes
it where you want to go to today yeah
the twins got these two carriage for
Christmas one is a unicorn and one is a
horse and they're finally big enough
wheel you guy ride it you're gonna rise
and turn the wheel she's trying to sit
on the wheel
ah you like the wheel yeah I'm ready to
go you guys I'm ready to go anybody want
to push me yeah
bumpy ride this is gonna be it if I
wants to get it look she's like kick me
into
it's not big enough for the two of us hi
Emma
yeah it's a one-seater ride okay there
it is that is the horse carrier and
here's all the other parts that comes
with it oh and here's all these I think
this goes around the carrier want you
want the wheel you want the steering
wheel like you're gonna drive there you
go there you guys you guys drive you
guys pretend to drive boom you have two
steering wheel you're gonna drive I
think they're different colors to be a
unicorn supposed to be unihorn do you
see a triumph in here did you not work
it works on Ryan there
the unit card you know Ryan oh you're
gonna you're gonna build it she's gonna
help build it you're gonna build it
Ryan's riding on it she's like move I'm
trying to put it together
Kate's ready to go she's like this is
mine I claimed this one you tried every
daddy
thank you my mom you sit down
so Emma gets the purple one yeah now
daddy's gonna have fun pudding and
building all of this together for you
girls okay hi hi there
you like the box better huh you like a
box Oh Kate wants to go in - she wants
to go in
oh hi baby girl you gonna hide you're
gonna hide from me ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka hi what are you doing what
are you doing you're riding you're
riding hmm Wow that's the unicorn horn
look at that huh that was cool huh yeah
that's pretty cool huh
she's like she loved it she doesn't
wanna let go the horses on their daddy's
building it's coming along right thank
you for helping me mm it's working
good job thank you she got the other two
wheels for you she's like here you go
Daddy are they helping Wow what'd you
think
got a horse here and got a unicorn here
you like that one yeah which one you
guys want to try which one what you
think Ryan cool rides she wants to try
that one there days now both babies are
in hello princess where you guys want to
go to where you wanna go huh if she
likes it where you want to go to today
hi Princess Kate where are you going
today princess Kay you run to the bar
that's fun she's clapping where are you
going to princess Emma where are you
going princess Emma you're gonna go to
the mall but you guys win at the MA she
likes to hate it
what do you think my little princess
what we didn't even do a turnaround a
360 turn around
hey you guys need to be careful huh huh
watch out fake oh yeah that one like
that so look at that that Unicorn lights
up Wow oh you like it it's cool right
Craig and let you put your feet there
you cannot remove your show but I think
they're a little bit short so they can't
blew themselves so maybe next time okay
hey bruiser Ryan's gonna be the horse
and Yeah right before there's another
horse and there's a pony
you guys are going for a ride I took in
their bottle while they're taking out
ride huh how fun you ready for a ride
chew chew chew this it's not a train
mommy right hi you guys ready go
backwards okay
hi you guys are pulling your own horsey
hi kind of doing it by themselves
oh you're gonna bump into a wall girls
about you take snowman for a ride hmm
poor snowman
go this way take a snowman for a ride
okay she wants to ticket stuffed animal
for right - which one there you go hey
and must take in mr. penguin for a ride
huh yeah I think we're done with the
ride like this let me show you like this
whee okay okay okay you did you're doing
you got it come on you can't ride with
mr. penguin
only one of them okay we'll take mr.
penguin app so you can ride okay
the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
