okay all right okay right I need you to
open the door just look just look
what do you see what is that
snow we got snow you guys wow look at
that you guys see snow that's awesome
that's how you know that it's winter
 your high snow
alright so now we're I wants to look in
the backyard
what does what a stepping in snow feel
like do we have snow on top of the roof
whoa our neighbors have snow - let me
see our neighbors huh do you see what
hey you guys are my ghosties now right
but yeah yeah it's their first time sees
know what you think huh what you think
there yeah what'd you think of us now is
it called it's called let me see
oh wow Wow
I think Ryan I'm gonna make a snowman
today look at this
yeah he likes know she's jackie checking
it out the surrounded ace yeah it looks
different today huh right it looks
different with so many snow huh we can
make a mini snowman you have to make it
to a bob store oh sweet shrimp a spicy
skillet pan roll and the Phillies hello
Sammy that's my favorite in Sabah so we
have to get something from the attic and
look at this look at this floor look at
the storm came look what happened to
this
nation or a little piled up at the
entrance to the Dalek yeah open it okay
yeah once we open it all this just rush
down so hello we're not fun cleaning
that mess up all right so I'm up the
Attic look at this the big storm came
now we are playing this minecraft card
game Ryan just bought this it costs
three woods so we finished playing your
game and all of these resources belong
to Ryan and you can tell here I only
have about four cards and then from haha
but seven cards I think that's more what
do you think about that for
thank you guys sitting on this chair
together thank you thank you writing in
that's a good one here
thank you thank you
so what you guys playing paint are you
playing roblox for feeding them oranges
and special question Emma have a
question you guys ready to go to bed you
ready to go to bed ready to go to bed no
you want to go to bed go to bed
yeah mom you want to go to bed you want
to go to bed on the bed let's go let's
go let's go to bed let's go let's go to
bed I'm tickling uses logic
stupid too many people in one so far all
the you guys can outfit anybody wanna in
kappa okay say it's a weekend eating
pizza sisters pokemon cards and comes
with a special car which one you want to
open because it's golden golden greninja
oh I just regular shiny ah you got
exactly the same one one the shiny ones
no more
slowpoke like you do we get any it's
stronger than this guy but it's stronger
good that's poor I am
that's the evolved version of a soup
okay oh so mommy and daddy is so proud
of Ryan scuzz today Ryan got a special
note from his teacher for the first time
so I'm very very proud of him and I
wanted to share with you guys do you
want to read it for us Ryan did a
wonderful job participating and using
your problem-solving skills during math
today oh the rug Jerry all group and
good job so Ryan mommy and daddy's so
proud of you good job being good boy
today at school and now what is daddy
doing with daddy doing your cooking
dinner for us yeah her time don't forget
to subscribe for more videos
