okay some recording Ryan I'm saying hi
to Ryan how are you
quick hit his face hey how are you okay
so I'm in my sister's room getting ready
um I got my hair and makeup done I look
like a totally different person I would
never do my makeup like this cuz let's
be honest I don't know to do makeup this
is our outfit that we're gonna wear all
right so my sister is getting her hair
and makeup done
today's the day I'm excited okay finally
here right now for years I got our
flowers they're beautiful
oh this is the flower girls they're cute
there's a petal okay some recording Ryan
I'm saying hi to Ryan how are you look
at his face hey how are you did you have
fun with Daddy do you miss mommy
why is your name to face I know I see
you I see you now riot oh I don't see
him anymore oh oh where did it go
so did you know today hi hi did you know
today is you know T's wedding do you
want to say anything to her she's
getting ready I have to actually leave
her wedding is coming up very very soon
so I've to be in her place in about 10
minutes don't meet get hat you see
yourself Oh
alright bye guys I'm gonna see you guys
later okay I love you bye
hugs and kisses that's my sister's here
and abrade miss she's a client final
touches okay so these are the crown that
goes in our hair goes like that okay so
this is my sister's wedding Bible so
it's a hundred and fifty a hundred and
thirty nine pages worth of stuff and we
also ordered food too before the wedding
Wow yummy breakfast see what else
one more okay so now we're going to put
on the this this is a robe that we're
gonna take pictures in okay see what
this is looking like our getting ready
all yours her wedding dress you're ready
so now we're going to take some pictures
and filming in here this is a huge
bathroom this is our bridesmaids dress
all right so everybody's getting ready
to go
got my bouquet here okay so we're all on
the golf cart we're not really gonna go
to her wedding ceremony now so yeah so
we're here here's the sign
so we're here on the beach and that
there is my sister you see over there we
are gonna watch the bright we were not
watching the bride
Congrats thank you
okay team you're watching this I just
want to say congratulations your
ceremony is so beautiful I think I cried
five times through the ceremony and
congratulation now you're officially
married and I love you so much
so that was the ceremony so here's after
the ceremony everybody gathered to eat
and look at that beautiful flowers
okay so now the ceremony is over we get
to go and have a break in her hotel room
for about 30 minutes
our turn to take some pictures and
there's the groom taking the picture
inside the bride all right so now we're
all just sitting outside and we are
waiting for returned you made like a
special speed for the bride and the
groom like a personal speech I don't
know what I'm gonna say yet so I'm just
gonna just let it out you know like just
back in my hotel the ceremony it's done
we get to rest for about one hour and
then we have to get ready for the
reception so I'm super hungry and really
good to eat anything all day except for
like a little cocktail snack so this is
like an all-inclusive hotel so we pay a
fee and then it's like unlimited food
and drinks so yeah then there's also
like a dancing part
ABB's we're going to just pretend some
fights
practicing his wedding dance move for
the special dance later so let me show
you what other couples have another
partner the champagne bottles I guess
you're gonna pop pardon a part of their
dance see what else is here here we go
another couple gets these little fan
things so the Africa pan and they're all
so cute there's the bride and there's
the groom and then another partner gets
to shoot confetti so these are like
little confetti
choo-choo-choo that's fun and then some
of the other partners they're not prop
two they just kind of like freestyle
dancing you know so you guys were
wondering Ryan's not here Ryan
daddy's not here I'm on Kate or not here
and I missed them so so much but I do
talk to them and FaceTime them every day
so as much as I am excited for my sister
I also miss them so much so I can't wait
have an early flight tomorrow so the
instant this weddings done I get about
five hours of sleep and then I got to
wake up super early and then fly home
we've never traveled outside the country
before and honestly I'm just not brave
enough to take three kids especially
with twins with us so Ryan's daddy
thought it was best for him to stay home
I take care of them so thank you so much
and grandma's there to help also so yeah
thank you too okay so my food is here so
I got some shrimp cocktail in some Thai
lettuce wrap and yeah don't judge me I
ordered a lot for just myself but I'm
super super hungry and I am in my
pajamas because I just want to get
comfortable because I have about 20
minutes and then I got to change again
to get ready for the reception so
have a family destiny don't forget to
subscribe for more Ryan every video
