okay we are opening merry Christmas to
my favorite nephew
I didn't know what to get the boy with a
bajillion toys so I want you to buy your
own I know you love fun and Merry
Christmas
but there's a biginsight under there
what
what what it's not rare it's a portable
charger are they so you can turn it in
the car you can charge anywhere you want
one more time cheese last one is from
when you read title do you know what
laser tag is have you ever played laser
tag before with the laser there Wow so
two lasers in the front there's
definitely my favorite yeah
yeah
what
okay so I'm on kake got these cute
little purse from Grandma and they've
been asking us to keep stuffy the rubber
duckies inside doesn't fit COAS grandma
for help there you go thank you and Mama
I was giving it to you Kate Emma's
giving it to you thank you she's trying
to put it in case of course thank you
and I love your little purse do you like
it how do you like it are they so cute
do you guys know what this is it's like
the Mona Lisa little rubber duckie yeah
I like it I like it cases
Emma's hand print ornament and katie-ann
print ornament what do you think yeah
you did it thank you so much for doing
it do you remember you did it that's
awesome
and daddy gave em on Kate this Hello
Kitty food flip food for toothache and
Ryan evened into space he always want to
learn about space now so grandma grandpa
got him this solar system model kit I
thought that was pretty cool
you guys girls think we should get after
they can play okay
every video
