and grandpa recording for the players
raise your hand you feel like player all
right you're gonna pull the key out one
time when you just hurry up okay okay
mark
so Ryan and for this tier having a
snowball fight I'm gonna get a lot he's
okay
so people are passing out presents and
Sean back over there Ryan stack over
there everybody has 220 present they're
not here right now but with these
bracelets nice look Ryan that's from
Daddy
open you want to do there's a I'm sorry
I know
yeah
in the work bag in your laptop in yes
I've been using this laptop bag let me
carry around as you could tell they need
to upgrade so violation right for me no
I love sandals my way
even this wintertime still wear examples
and did you get coordinated to send me
no so she got me be seven bells ha
they're adorable
Jenny or so Dodd even though these exist
that's pretty cool and last but not
least I got so my thinking favorite
thing in the world is tinker come thank
you card here
okay each letter represents it's a
airfryer you can feel good work shirt
okay work shirt oh we're close
you can drink your diet coke if you keep
it cold
oh well you put your cocaine in there
instead
oh so you put the can spring back what
that would remind me Caitlin Ryan so you
can find out about your health you know
this buddy because I always thought
about like you know easy infomercial I
always be find out who your ancestors
all right I always like looks like she
kind of cool what better gift that being
married to the one who makes you smile
and
that somebody says Carly read my mind
I love you having you every day is the
greatest present to me can't wait to go
to the movie theater together earth does
have a family destiny don't forget to
subscribe for more Ryan fairy videos
