hi everybody here are the top 10 things
we did this year
today's my first day at soccer practice
crying he's got his shin guard in his
soccer shoes cool yeah and his team the
season is Seattle
let your favorite color green back cool
what you doing
no dude wants to jump yeah I guess they
da da Ryan going to foster jail this is
the squirrels husband here
okay so far we got this monster drag get
into the monster
Oh cotton candy if I am got this big
mantra
and fall asleep on the way back to home
number four I got to preschool finally
graduated from pre-k congratulation Ryan
where you going next a pre-k
so we got some 4th of July fireworks you
ready we got this aerial special okay so
these are all kid-friendly fireworks in
here when it tryout yeah so this is a
Mayan case yeah oh your best first time
see firework he has excited at these on
fireworks today yeah so I think it's a
little bit dark now
whoo so I think it's time are you ready
daddy you like that not be 4th of July
guys
their birth
we want family we just got it
and how we're trying to find the Harry
Potter exhibit look at that whoa go when
they're going do you guys see they're
going
Oh No thank you Hollywood studio
yeah we found a big enormous giant
Christmas tree number seven we
celebrated out of Burbank and Winston
was all makes mommy's birthday I'm gonna
help daddy make mommy's breakfast it's
all time that's me so I went to the
store to try to find daddy's birthday
present there's so many different toys
here I wonder which one daddy will like
today sorry Danny's Britain working to
surprise you with the giant cupcake
happy birthday right six year old
birthday so Ryan just came home but I
have no pie but he hid under the sofa
we're just hanging out waiting for
people to come over
today Ryan and daddy are going on a
helicopter ride
your side doors but you were still on
your job too I started kindergarten by
shopping yeah because food right is
going - where you going - you want grain
you're going - uh-huh
what grade are you going to maybe you're
not Thank You vines go into kindergarten
soon so he needs a new backpack - this
is everything we bought for Ryan's
back-to-school shopping soon so first
day of kindergarten he said he's at a
deep sleep the other sisters coming -
morning right Ryan are are you feeling
about your first day so far excited yeah
my first day of kindergarten with Ryan
well you find it are you ready
look what we got so it says
congratulations you are officially
amazing you know why you're amazing
because you're in the guinness world
records of 2000 and 2018
it's your guinness world record
certificates for the most viewed YouTube
channel for a millennial has been viewed
over 12 million times achieved by Ryan
of Ryan's toy review that's awesome
thank you so much
the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
