now we're going to roll out we got this
awesome kit here we can do the baby
handprints and footprints so we're gonna
decided you of the handprint and
footprints of the twins this so
something like this so Ryan actually
made this for me for Mother's Day two
years ago two years yeah I was your
human right sweet yeah that was my
favorite fair I love it three years ago
okay and we also took some Christmas
picture this is last year's Christmas
picture we haven't booked this year yet
there it is the twins with Ryan we've
got different sizes we're gonna put in
and this is our family picture that we
took last year with the twins - look how
bald they are you don't remember you did
you put your hand in it Oh an imprint
your Thyssen smaller I don't think
you'll remember is it yeah just just
slowly why are you doing it fast I'm
good so I can dip fast looks like the
moon yeah
he's trying his hardest good typing
you're great you did it rolling put it
into the frame we have to roll it out
some more
make sure you fit in there you go it's
falling if it goes out it's so fun Hey
do it now they're wrong
I dunno TV is making that other one yeah
when's
Oh Kate TURN RIGHT play with em over
there right on top of each other all
right
now Ryan has to write E and then K so
you know whose fingerprint is who there
it is good job mind it great okay for K
and E for Emma now we gotta wait for a
hour that's two whole days for it to dry
yeah but it's looking pretty good thank
you for your help
Ryan yes so it is dry know it's a hard
so we can put right can't thank you
that's it now we're gonna put pictures
inside and they were going to Miller
Victor we're gonna surprise grandma when
they get here watch our Christmas video
tomorrow and I surprise it to picture
inside so please watch it to see the
final product so here's a final gift to
Ryan's grandma last your picture we put
it there this year picture the girls
took it but look at them
stranger danger oh we thought was still
cute so we use it
when you're driving to school happened
to the steering wheel you wanna go in
okay
there you go
ah
that's right yeah this tree about a week
ago and their friend Lily learning how
to put the ornaments on the tree ah good
job you did it you did it right there
good job
oh you want more in here yeah and
there's two more I'm so proud of you
before they were missing but now it's
okay it's okay I'm gonna share okay you
did it you did it good job good job so
pretty here you got to find an empty
house um do it okay what you guys eating
he's eating little snack while him
that's a lot at the same time Emma Emma
that's a lot in case you're wondering
they're eating this crispy chew you want
more okay one more okay you want me to
show them how to pay bowling hearded
yeah you get the bowling ball okay and
then you go like this let me show you
guys okay all right I think you can do
better you can do better than much for
helping yeah Thank You Kate how sweet
she is helping now we're going to bake
something in the oven but it's not
working what are you gonna do down here
a hold of planes it's falling apart
because our dishwasher doesn't work
either so right feel like things are
checking it out checking it out
I know what you doing just practice
drawing that is practicing drawing what
do you have over here bunch of different
eyes Dragonite yeah this is what I do
but what you do in your free time
Americans like pink one so it's the
first case you're wondering that's what
we just have for dinner we got some
salmon and eaten with rice so we also
got some meeting the twins are eating
their favorite snack which is seaweed
guys never try seaweed seaweed mmm good
girl
seaweed mmm girls seaweed
um see we um have a family - dickhead
don't forget to subscribe for more
videos
