right so what do you want to write to
Santa for my skit so right and it's just
letters what we're gonna do is we're
gonna make it happen okay today we're
gonna write a letter to Santa
yes we found this awesome out from the
shelf kit here so it's letter to Santa
and you ever wrote a letter to Santa
before yes you have that's cool that's
cool and this one we get to do at home
so this is really cool it comes from the
book Oh Ryan checked out a library's
website
this one here exactly like to see this
later so there it is
you read the book and then we get to
write a letter and then actually with
the grown-ups help we can we can shrink
the letter in the oven shrink yeah yeah
and then we can mail it off and then now
you're after Santa Rita who give it back
to us and we can put it on our Christmas
tree yeah I know
what do you like to see how about right
nuts
I want a gift table for 10,000 girl not
much maybe you can give you something
for for me this one over here right so
what do you want to write the same time
I won't you like for Christmas this year
bear friend moon cake okay fair friend
that one is two bears Hey oh that's cute
pink body but it's not I'm stuck don't
say no this cute Brian I like it oh is
that the bear keep in love it that's
good
that's right put em on ice okay hey hey
mmm Wow
okay so that was key for my cake what do
you want Ryan get some purple blocks
online yes I Ryan didn't playing roblox
though okay wait five robot nice that's
for you
Mike it looks good right there great so
that's for my cake and then he write 25
roblox so right and it's just letters
what we're going to do is we're going to
make an event this sandwich that's right
oh wow you guys
it's super shrink or i'ma let it cool
off and I'm gonna surprise riot just
that's so tiny ok ready ready
write what you want to be surprised that
we have your I suppose okay and look at
your letter now just look okay so this
was Ryan's original science paper and if
you notice right what happened it also
got murder too
so that's so cool oh yeah yeah so it
shrink that's harder okay so now what
we're gonna do is we're gonna take one
of these ribbons then yeah so we're
gonna put a ribbon here we're gonna
tighten together
right it's so cute I love it oh well Dan
to have to read it first so we're gonna
give it to buddy to everybody ego buddy
so tonight buddy we'll give it to Santa
and then tomorrow he's gonna bring it
back to us okay and we can put out our
Christmas tree okay so what are we
playing Marvel guess who ah so almost
every night when we go to bed we will
play a game and we're not too tired and
today we're gonna play Marvel guess who
it's our first time playing so we
thought you guys could join us
yeah so I want to pick a superhero who
Ryan - guess he doesn't know which one
I'm gonna pick
maybe I will pick let's see who that one
you guys know that character
alright I will let you pick first that
is yours green so much oh my gosh
it's mine green ah yes so if you guys
don't know this game what he does is
he's going to close all the one that
it's not green okay he's gonna win super
fast cuz there's not that many options
left have you noticed if that one's
green that one green that one screen
that one's green family form option I
know and I'm sorry but I do not know my
superhero characters name very well so
hello I think I know it you do it's
either the girl or the two yellow and
green guys so thank you and I'll well I
don't know okay
is your character girl no okay so Ryan
superheroes a lot of girls I'm gonna
close all the one that's girl no girl
there's no girl yeah whoa there's only
three girls what all the rest are boy
superheroes okay your turn Ryan ask me
another question
oh my yeah III yeah that's actually bad
question yeah but there are yellow does
mine have yellow in it
the answer is no no yellow serious no
yellow whatsoever ah next turn you gotta
wait your turn
I search okay
does your superhero have some sort of
weapon or like a shield or he's holding
something in his hand
yeah yes close all the one with no
weapon or shield no weapon or shield no
- our shield powers weapon okay so it
has some sort of Pat worse okay I
thought what does that one count number
15 yes
all right so we're left with four
superheroes okay right go ahead
number ten number ten where did Ryan
pick the girl rock not the girl another
girl for real or real really know it I
don't know I don't know my turn all
right so uh what about does your
superhero have a mask
it does have a mask but not like so this
one doesn't have a mouth not like our
Joe does it not like a robot okay about
12 this 12 have a mess
go with a bow and arrow did it close
that one yes ok Ryeon your turn what
superhero dude if I am Punk oh yeah
seven and a half oh okay so I guess I'll
just let me guess for fun it's yours
number four captain which I don't know
his name's I'm so sorry
I don't know he's yeah alright so now do
you know what time it is time to pick up
the toys know they're ready asleep don't
forget to subscribe
the buttermilk shoo fly shoo
