he reads on backstage and my sister
wrapped all these presents with helpers
I'm sure but it's so awesome arguing go
buy toys okay we're part of this charity
event here so we're gonna give some toys
away all right Brian
what other once you would get here this
one here pure I should be driving a van
I know there's any more room in the
trunk no there's more toys and
decorations in there all right so I'm
here at my sister's event that she put
together I'm so proud of her and this is
the shirt that she made it's actually
modeled after our sister Jenny we
actually have a younger sister here and
I'll tell you guys the story on
Instagram if you want to hear about it
at Ryan's family review so come check us
out you guys should decorated this long
hallway decoration
I'm so proud of her I wish I was here
and table to help her it's on backstage
and my sister wrapped all these presents
with helpers I'm sure but it's so
awesome she even has the presents
organized by grades here that's so
amazing he was a toddler presence here's
some gender-neutral presents from pre-k
to first grade this is so exciting I'm
so proud of her
so here it is girls here is the girls
second third and fourth grade present
yeah she even got all these bounce house
she even got some prizes for the kids
that win
a lot tougher so Kitsch gives me frozen
that's a trampoline well even got like a
giant basketball so many Batman imagined
necks and even got a wooden train table
so here it is my sister Princess T I'm
so proud of you putting this whole thing
together
wait till you see it there's so much
more going on as she been working so
hard at this event she's like running
around like crazy yeah so good tile of
the winter wonderland hallway yeah so
yeah I can't wait so my sister princess
he's gonna explain what is this event
and what been going on so this event is
a big event for this elementary school
yesterday we had assembly we passed off
gift cores we have to fight because no
power well we gave every table to school
to presents I meant today we're having a
fun run in the morning then we're having
a whole carnival outside there's more
raffle presents outside we've got Mike's
got scooter who's got dream houses here
we have a contest that's going on
so what are they getting and winning
this contest they got a Toys R Us gift
card
no beer no water oh wow so I'll be here
at the hallway filled with arts that all
the elements of kids design and draw
they all look super amazing and hear all
the winning pieces and then get gift
cards yes that's why they're so cute
love it look at this they're awesome oh
you guys did a really good job oh wow
this one looks so much fun
Oh winter wonderland so the theme is
winter wonderland okay so this is the
outside area you see here my sister
rented so many bounce houses
automatic chips
you save a Mickey Mouse and Patroni now
8:18
they're setting up some games
okay so we got a baseball toss back in
here okay and then I just three tries to
throw this I can see okay a bigger one
okay where the prizes this one is enough
oh wow some awesome beanies Star Wars
one Oh cute Minnie Mouse cam spider-man
stamps oh wow
they're huge and then we also got some
Disney sousou's Wow a whole stack here
different types of toys got some candy
oh wow
okay so this is my station I'm in charge
of the baseball girl they should just
showed me what's going on so I should be
good
you're just the more kind of show up
between the event just started so I'm
volunteering at this awesome event
that my sister princess T put together
it's called project Jenny where all the
kids can come out and play and have fun
Wow
one five eight eight four four one five
eight eight warrant a Quattro King say
oh gentle ciao
he'll pick power comedy strength in
so now the event is over I'm on my way
home to see Ryan and the twins and I
just want to tell my sister that she did
an amazing job putting this all together
all we did was provide her with some
toys and some donations from so she can
rinse the bounce house and stuff the
majority of the work goes to my sister
which I'm so proud of and all the people
who volunteer to help make this an event
a success so thank you so much everybody
for volunteering
I really hope all the kids have fun
coming out and the goal for next year is
my sister says she's gonna try to make
this a nonprofit organization so she can
keep doing it years and years after and
yeah I just want to say I'm so proud of
her and I hope everybody have a good
holiday so again the project name is
project Jenny here after my little
sister Jenny you guys never seen her
heard of her and if you do want to know
the story on why the project is named
project Jenny just follow us on
Instagram on at Ryan's family review and
Ryan's tour review the link will be in
the description and I'll probably make a
little video on why that is so anyways
I'll see you guys later bye so I just
came home what do you guys been up to
let me just play on cards ok
Johnny pokemon card Ryan Oh jumbo size
and rice laying on a Pokemon that's so
funny both of them giant yeah so now
it's time for some yummy food you guys
ever had this before let me know or does
it look weird to you guys let me know
also you can also follow us on Instagram
at Ryan's family review we pose extra
photos on there and extra footage on
there that is not in our YouTube vlog
and then what did Emma do the other day
that was so cute bye yeah mine was
wishing everybody Thanksgiving on
Instagram and then Emma was like funny
buddy was so cute yo check it out okay
bye videos
in the buttermilk shoo fly shoo flies in
the buttermilk
