so Ryan wants to raise from this end all
the way to the other end of the room are
you ready okay ready giant Christmas
tree it's like a lot bigger than you
Ryan even the present is bigger than you
let's go check in daddy walk daddy uh-oh
that he's on the loose somewhere where's
daddy
we got distracted by the big Christmas
tree so we have the living room space
here and then there's a tongue I don't
think there's a beach ball on top of
Ryan's head dining room area just she's
exploring you're exploring yeah
anyway sit on the chair okay okay come
here
there you go she she wants to sit on the
chair okay so we lost but the other baby
and Ryan what is this over here
oh the bathroom oh there's a room here
this is two beds inside and we're hiding
whoa be careful huh and then this one
also have a little sofa and this room
also have coffee oh and this is so
helpful I really needed a microwave and
a fridge for the baby peas milk and food
and then there's a bigger room did not
color ball yeah oh there's a bathroom
right here - so Ryan wants to race from
this end all the way to the other end of
the room are you ready mommy okay we're
in the gift shop because we forgot to
buy swimming clothes we got this
divided me giant lollipop here or
there's also the smaller version 200
Star Wars you guys in Star Wars fans I'd
alive Star Wars okay so there's more
stars war hero and then we actually got
the lightsaber and Mickey Mouse ears oh
my gosh they have a princess version
right and beating the twins I like that
Oh cute little Mickey jacket support on
the Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse toy
section here promise princess collection
is adorable and here's a train set
do-do-do-do-do-do are all in a bubble
wine oh and a connect four version of
course it took a photo robots booing a
Buzz Lightyear of course yeah sorry
let's go find plumbing close is there
swimming close here all right so we
found this cute Tinker Bell one we need
two one for mo one for Kate it's a
little bit big for them but that's all
we got so oh and there's a boy version
too
and then we got a large pant here for
Ryan that's awesome and then we got
swimming trunks for daddy all right so
this is they have like a little closed
section area here they don't have
swimming clothes for mommy here but it's
a cow just wear whatever Oh running in
they have this Christmas section up and
look he's got organized look at this
Minnie Mouse ornaments and they have a
Pinocchio look his little feet move and
of course Minnie Mouse and Mickey Oh a
Minnie Mouse - with a pompom like a
cheerleader version
Wow when I found the Disney train set
for Christmas
because I love it where are you from ago
we're gonna go Oh bunny - wait you're
kissing yourself in the mirror
it's just what are you doing
you're in the way you ready go meet them
hungry mine Kate you're just going
around in the hotel are you going are
you guys going they're going to the toy
store oh it's a mine Kate first time in
the toy store gift shop
Ã´he toys this is Star Wars have you
seen Star Wars before do you think it's
something you want to watch it's their
first time in any any toy store if
you're done you never check it out Tony
how about you you want a new t-shirt you
want a t-shirt that says Star Wars are
you going
see something cool oh let's see what
what a one-year-old think that's cool at
the Kois toy store what do you think
it's cool
oh these dolls of course of course yeah
I
heather's thank ice they learned the
word either yeah ice so what you want is
how what you want we have to ask daddy
for that yeah for Candyland Disney it
Edition for the baby
throw cheese chocolate fruit here have
your dessert here drum you guys think we
should eat
dessert dessert dinner they're drinking
their one last bottle before bedtime
right and Ryan is like directed over
this alright watching Campos hand up
like slither aiyo if you haven't check
it out you should go check it out it's
running favorite gaming channel no he
didn't
all right so it's bedtime now the twins
are asleep and Ryan and mommy are about
to go to bed two events
yeah you can also follow us on Instagram
at Ryan's family review we pose extra
photos on there and extra footage on
there that is not in our YouTube vlog
and then what did Emma do the other day
that was so cute bye bye yeah Ryan was
wishing everybody Thanksgiving on
Instagram and then Emma was like funny
buddy was so cute Yahoo check it out
okay bye
and Sam
don't forget to subscribe for more Ryan
every video
