where did you find it well you reckon it
was a magical place called Guinness
World Record so it says congratulations
you are officially amazing you know why
you're amazing because you're in the
Guinness World Records of 2002
playschool Guinness World Records that's
where they make so nice just like that a
little bit out more pull it out a little
bit open it up again and look inside of
it look inside it looks like surprise
that's good hahaha so it says
congratulations you are officially
amazing you know why you're amazing
because you're in the Guinness World
Records of 2000 and you're 2018 okay so
let me read you what it says
it says dear Ryan on behalf of everyone
at Guinness World Records delighted to
inform you that your record for most
viewed YouTube channel for a millennial
has been included in the latest
installment of our best-selling annual
Guinness world record 2018 edition yeah
we're excited to enclose your
complimentary copy so they gave it to us
for free
you find your record on page 180
while we're early monitor over 30,000
record only 4,000 are selected for the
book each year making you a member of an
elite group all right so let's open page
180 out to see Ryan's in the world
record here
4th May 2017 ryan story review have been
viewed over 12 million times since it
launched on March 16 2015 more than any
other YouTube channel for a millennial
so congratulations
we also send us this what it is
officially amazing
yeah what it is what is officially
amazing
it's your Guinness World Record
certificates for the most viewed YouTube
channel for a millennial has been viewed
over 12 million times achieved by Ryan
of Ryan's toy review that's awesome
thank you so much for this certificate
we've been waiting for it for six months
I can't wait I know I can't wait either
oh that's big
it says ryan toysreview congratulations
for surprising 1 million subscribers
that's a lot of subscribers good job
baby
yeah and this one yeah the gold the one
is way bigger than the silver one yeah
so we also got a letter from YouTube and
it says you're bigger than Vancouver
you're bigger than Venice you're even
bigger than Las Vegas it says 1 million
subscribers all right you ready oh yeah
what's looking up
are you ready riot hey hey
let's go
- I won't download Dragonball
yeah because you're like this is it
right
Yoshi's new island okay so we got this
Oh
make a man
and begins now looks like a lot of money
to you
ah it looks like he has a beard buddy
buddy longer is on the ice he's on the
ice boat that's classy this one yeah
this is the game what what amiibo does
daddy like this yeah so they didn't have
the ocean you Ireland at the game stop
so we got a different game
we got Mario Party stylish you like
Mario Party and what is this
sonic boom fire and ice and Dragon Ball
what we're gonna get I won't go COO
what those bad guys yeah all right let's
go home and check it out hey let's go
what where are you Emma which eye Emma
knows where to point yeah that's why
that's you would you knows that's right
who is that beautiful girl who's happy
the foie gras oh it was coming for your
age oh yeah she loves doing
your hobby
so you can also follow us on Instagram
at Ryan's family review we pose extra
photos on there and extra footage on
there that is not in our YouTube vlog
and then what did Emma do the other day
that was so cute yeah Ryan was wishing
everybody Thanksgiving on Instagram and
then Emma was like funny buddy was so
cute Yahoo check it out okay bye have a
family - Nick hey don't forget to
subscribe for more Ryan
berry videos
shoo fly shoo
