so here's Ryan I'm gonna miss you
mommy's gonna be gone for just three
days okay I'll be back in three days
okay everybody today I'm leaving on a
trip it's my sister T's wedding and so
let's go say bye to everybody
and then let's join me on this trip
so here's Ryan I'm gonna miss you
mommy's gonna be gone for just three
days okay I'll be back in three days
okay I know I missed you very much my
love now rice drying what are you
drawing boo Oh Ryan's trying to draw a
roblox character Oh looks good
hi again I am gonna miss you I'm gonna
miss you so much my love I'm gonna miss
you too Kate uh-huh did you know mommy's
gonna leave for a couple days she's like
I'm just enjoying my my cereal I guess
know where I'm going I'm actually going
to Cancun Mexico for my sister's wedding
because I'm super hungry this is what I
got here while I get to watch the
awesome please look at that finish my
whole food now fortune cookies can you
guys like 4qq let's see what I get
it says accept the next proposition you
received hopefully it will be a good one
actually here
my first time ever thank you
today is the first day mommy's away from
my house so I'm going to pick up Ryan
and then after that Emma and Kate okay I
just pick up Ryan
what are we gonna do now pick up your
sisters big building and a little bit
lost I'm not sure where to go so it's my
first time it was forever to get here
going through customs
fighting attacks it was so hard alright
let's find our fruit okay okay look what
I found
Wow it's way too old but it looks really
cool
places food alright just wait downstairs
it looks beautiful here let's check
outside so I'm finding my room I don't
know where I'm going maybe that building
over there what total graphs our area I
got distracted
keep going some inside the building now
I just gonna find my room I'm not sure
where to go this building is so huge
like it has a really awesome courtyard
what is that over there
it's a pull over there like a random
ball over there they keep getting
distracted right this building is so
huge I'm already lost boom
where's my room will she ever find her
room I think this is my room
alright see my room standard room
because I'm just here by myself let's
turn on some lights woohoo let's see
what we got here to this side it is the
bathroom okay so I can see out ok so
there's where you go shower you know
what that's for don't you we're not
gonna say that one okay and actually go
forward
well there's standard bed this room is
way too big for just me but this was
their standard room so this is the
lowest that I got okay what's in here
just a nice little baggie so you can put
stuff in and there's like a jacuzzi
right here that's pretty awesome okay so
I found some snack over here but I'm not
sure if it's free or not so you know how
sometimes I leave snack and then you
have to pay extra so I'm probably not
gonna eat it but they're not so yummy
but you know what I do need to do while
I'm here though I need to start working
out
Oh maybe after I settles on my sister
let's just go for our talk together okay
all right let's check outside oh listen
join me outside let's see let's see oh
wow I can sit here laughs there's more
places to relax and this is my balcony
view whoa there's only the second floor
so it's not that high I finally made it
thank you so much for joining me a month
then sure here now let's see if I can
find my sister when I call her up and
see where she's at and then I'll let you
guys say hi to her
and the reason why Ryan's not here is
because we didn't want him to miss
school so he's staying at school with
Ryan daddy and Emma and Kate so thank
you so much daddy for taking care of all
of them while I'm here with my sister on
her wedding day
very good parrot the pirate
that's our backup okay
that's a dancing dancing on the dance
party dance dance dance dance dance
dance dance dance dance dance dance we
are gonna go do a lotta wedding
I'll try to help let me what is it
strawberry giant sample which is way
taller than I am that's pretty cool so
now we are preparing the sandals so this
is the final product
very cool and then you can tell here my
sister my sister's room is a mess but
it's because she's having to do all the
wedding crap
Wow do you realize - with my sandals in
there what is it
which one is a yellow ball yellow ball
that's right good job just go light
let's go wide yeah
okay so apparently I didn't know but
come look at fine it's literally like a
float allora
holy moly look at this there's so many
love here then over here - look at this
okay so my sister put together her
wedding Bible here and we've been
through 73 pages so far this is the
layout of my wedding this is a reception
it's very elaborate it's foolproof can't
mess up hopefully yes I'll show you guys
what it looks like once it's put
together but yeah but we we're here for
about you know 30 minutes already so
probably gonna be another 30 minutes we
finish her Bible wedding so so these are
all the party favors for our guests so
these are the cute boy ones and these
are the cute girl one the pop socket so
and then we got some lol dolls for the
two kids and then some fun spider-man
toys and then we got them all there so
these are the fans see how cute they are
these are the groom's and daddys are the
bride's band and it's different kind -
look at that
so cute alright so I just got back to my
hotel room and I finished showering
that's why my hair is all wet now I'm
gonna let it dry a little bit and then
I'm gonna head to bed and then wake up
tomorrow for wedding rehearsal which I
will bring you guys so bye thank you for
joining me today
hasta que don't forget to subscribe for
more Ryan every video
