today on Ryan's family review we want to
do those draw my life so we're gonna
tell the story of how Ryan's mommy and
daddy first met a long time ago when I
was still in college daddy was a junior
in college I thought I was seeing no you
were junior and I was a senior oh okay
well it was about to be the beginning of
my junior year in college I just
finished working all summer of Japanese
food restaurant and my best friend
Patrick invited me to go to an art
gallery
later that day with some more friends I
just came back to school and met my
roommates when they invited me to go to
an art gallery and celebrate back to
school my roommates were friends with
Patrick - I guess everyone is friends
with Patrick yeah he's amazing so we all
decided to meet at the restaurant and
eat before the art gallery when I showed
up with my friends I saw him I thought
he was so high-maintenance he looked
like he took so much time on his hair
like he was trying to look like a
Japanese movie star and he was taking
all these selfies of himself I just like
to look nice high maintenance at the
restaurant I oh there's some really
spicy wings that I didn't know we're
really hot yeah we were all laughing
because you can see him sweating through
his shirt and
but all over his face it was so funny
yeah it was so hot I have to drink like
ten cups of water so after that we went
to the art gallery and we saw all kinds
of arts they were really cool it was so
much fun we took a lot of pictures yes
he took a lot of selfies yeah yeah it
was just for Facebook sure so we became
friends after - and we would hang out
together one time I invited him to work
out with me any made exercising looks so
easy we were both running on a treadmill
and after like five minutes I was
already tired after that we started
finding things that we both like to do
together one time I saw this car game
called magic gathering that she had and
I was so excited to just I used to play
that game when I was younger he was so
excited he went all the way to the comic
book store to get his own cards to play
against me but I already had all the
good cards so I kept beating him I
couldn't let her keep beating me so I
kept playing until I finally won yeah we
were both super competitive so hours
later he finally won and it was like 5
o'clock in the morning and we were both
so exhausted but it was so much fun this
was actually our first fight of the
friends - oh yeah I remember that so I
let her use my cards sometime since she
kept accidentally bending and scratching
the cards my cards I got so mad yeah he
said I wasn't allowed to use his cards
anymore I had to use mine after that we
got over it eventually though then it
was Halloween
yay for Halloween I was bumblebee and I
was hairy father he even had the Harry
Potter broomstick I brought it all the
way from home too so later on during the
party my feet
started hurting because I was wearing
high heels and I'm not used to high
heels I couldn't walk anymore and my
feet hurt so much so I actually carried
her to the car because she says her feet
hurt and I felt so bad later because he
left his Harry Potter broomstick because
he was carrying me yeah I really like
that my Harry Potter broom sorry so
because I knew how fat he was about
leaving his broom behind
I just find it to make it up to him and
made him dinner but unfortunately it did
not go as planned
oh yeah that was not fun I think that
was mommy's first time cooking so I'm
not the best cooker still I'm not but I
tried to make shrimp with rice and
asparagus that was nice for her to do
but she put too much spice on his shrimp
so I needed 10 cups of water like before
because I don't like spicy stuff again I
could see him sweating all over his
shirt and face I didn't want to be
whistle I know she puts so much effort
into it so I kept eating and ate the
whole plate thank you for that I guess
he did impress me because when he asked
me to go on a date with him I agreed it
to go but I was correct to go to the
drive-in movie I never actually been
there before so she drove us we watched
two scary movie Zombieland and saw he
actually got more scared than I did it
was kind of embarrassing to ask her I'm
sickened though because I was so scared
on the first date I didn't know if she
would agree to go on the next one and I
could tell he was embarrassed so instead
of waiting for him to ask I asked him
and obviously I say yes so that's the
story of how mommy and daddy first met
friends and went on our first date like
and comment below if you like to hear
the rest of the story in MP costume I
would want to heard the way he wanted to
be Harry Potter but everybody keeps
making he's wrong so I'm not sure
23rd some VLAN we are driving the other
my first time and it's our first date
hey Ryan also did a draw my life on
Ryan's toy review so go over to that
channel and check it out and I'll also
put it in the links below
