we kind of forgot what a clown looks
like what does a clown smile look like
today we are doing the pancake challenge
that's a Halloween virgin yeah so it is
mommy
versus daddy round one we're gonna do
the classic pumpkin ejaculator oh right
that's the easy one simply to college
okay I can go first okay all right so
first I've to spray no black all right
so I got the eyes and mouth it's oh no
this is difficult because it's so
liquidy let's see if the last time I
think I don't wanna challenge yeah
beat you this time - all right I think
mine's a litt
whoa why is yours you're so big
I know it's my Ryan's gonna pick mine
big I'm afraid I'm gonna break it can I
borrow your spatula double action for
momentum truth 3 2 1 go Oh No did too
much I think that was quite thick no no
you're gonna break it they go they go
yeah okay good huh
okay my good deed of look like a pumpkin
yeah but mine's bigger
I mean riser I like my more hope it's
not too big all right let's see if I can
flip it over without breaking it all
right wait that's a few minutes longer
mine's done Hank
Oh perfect Oh looks yummy it is not a
pumpkin flavor all right I can flip this
one two three oh wow I came out good do
you like okay no all right now we're
gonna ask Ryan who is better which one
do you guys think this better clown
pumpkin
round two we're gonna do monster we're
gonna do our own version of what a
monster looks really ready yeah okay
let's go what I'm trying to do it's a
little difficult hopefully I can do it
let's see if you can tell what I'm
trying to draw what are you drawing
are you doing moe yeah let me difficult
I'm a holiday artist spiky they're super
thing so many different parts to it all
the life I can flip it perhaps a mile
can you do this you're a little bit
sticky ah how are these it's breaking ah
let's come on let's go yeah this
wait I don't think he has eyebrow now
I'm sick of it
remember the whole thing correct see
what it looks like when I look over one
like there too so which one do you guys
think looks better so far mo the
moisture all right so who do you guys
think is better this girly hybrid
between monster and ghost round three
we're gonna do which versus clown who do
you want to do I want to do which can so
daddy got the witch
I got the clown let's go movie I kind of
forgot what a clown looks like what does
a clown smile look like I want to give
her a rest what's happen I am so far
filling the mouth there oh this is just
a you know what he's he's got a party so
I'm gonna put a little party hat going
on here
oh you drew the whole body yeah oh but I
forgot I want to hurt you right on the
bloom stick so many good right clown it
is your turn to thin it's gonna break I
just know it eyes give me more scary
though look at the face well it is
Halloween
all right my turn all right
would not be invited to a party that's
for sure
no no one I invite him to the birthday
party
okay guys who do you think did a better
job or okay so round four this time
we're gonna try like Frankenstein so sad
maybe oh yeah it's coming out okay
right now I just have to wait before the
flipping part is going to look better
once we flip it the girl Frankenstein or
the regular Frankenstein the generic one
okay I'm gonna flip mine oh no mine's
not ready girl version Frankenstein
three it's something right it's
something I can tell it how the eyes and
mouth alright so I'm gonna put mine on
the plate please don't break woohoo done
no I think I mess it up I don't think I
can flip no that can bring it to the
bring it to the plate nice okay so this
is Round four who do you think did a
better job girl Frankenstein that is not
so cute or so the regulars
don't forget to subscribe for more Ryan
berry videos
