that's number one
all right we gotta find five crystals
blue purple and the most powerful all
right so we need one more crystal is the
purple crystal that is the opposite end
Desiree
all right over your back country because
we just complete our first
this one
the cosmos is spattered with the
remnants of my aunts if I stop you your
days are numbered
the wrong station is haha okay yeah
what I'm good go we found under go
little right so we've got more chances
it right maybe the other chest
Oh creature very nice the first one we
have to go back to first hahaha you
haven't found the first chest that's
what I was afraid of this floor have a
spider theme
you found a piece of the Aegean creature
room all right now you can go back to
six for now we can do the encounter
so we're gonna do one request your
imagine out the amount of a maturing in
Iran your junior tune amateur it means a
beginner quest number three find the
shadow moss and fungus and force fern
entry slime mmm
so we have to find a heard you short it
down to burn no just burn right there I
think that's it yeah yay we found the
fur now it's the next one here we gotta
find the shadow line it says the stairs
you hop up to the treetops okay so we
can't keep going
see three way Hey
so always missing one more we're missing
a fungus it says back down to the
tangled path but if it grows upon your
clothes you'll have to take the back now
with the moss fungus line go to the
woodland princess turning pixie lives
and your reward she'll get because we
have to go back to the pixie spoken it
is a magic quite hot line here you can
come if you are lost and need help
greetings Magi reading I princess Allura
I the forest room I bestow upon you the
room really is it to help those in need
throughout the kingdom
your dead body we did three yeah boy
store in here would whole bunch of
different tolls ease that you can buy
look at that how cute they are
so we found some minecraft blind bags at
the Great Wolf Lodge here and these are
cool because it says spooky edition do
you know Luke you mean walk what do you
mean yeah there is not spooky that
shouldn't mean that scary Halloween
edition that's true yeah okay so these
are all the one you can collect here and
wait what is she but we just always
write it is there any creeper no I think
really let's see so I missed it so it's
either you collect all of these two or
all of these so let's see which one
we're gonna get free office or I know
these are going to open I don't know
what's inside let's see what's inside
spider here oh the black widow spider
black widow spider
what hopefully we didn't get a duplicate
what do we get
Oh a mutant squid together it looks like
alien squid yeah what's a creeper oh
yeah creepers way all right there it is
three out of five so far no duplicate no
slee we're winning to the animals that's
true
Steve's going to attack the poison
spider hey I'm gonna get you Steve I
mean I'm going to get you know the fight
the spiders on what well go pick up this
spider oh okay well not me if this
werewolf here chop chop chop chop chop
chop chop
thank you now I'm gonna get this now
turn away from the mutants quit
complaining and exploded I explode out
hot eats all over me and I fell not so
on
watch what we got two of them they
accidentally put two inside no way I'm
not I'm not doing the skins I did
not put one in this last time oh wow
they accidentally put two in five it's
like see twinsies
inside now we have three brothers yeah
boom so now we got triplets wow that's
so funny
now it's steve-o 3x3 yeah here you pets
so this one gets a spider this one gets
a werewolf
there you go and this one got the squid
yay awesome let us know which one you
like and if you ever had to in one
before like us those are first time ever
family destiny don't forget to subscribe
for more videos
the buttermilk shoo fly shoo flies in
the buttermilk
