I hear we're gonna play hide and seek
you know oh and mom he is going to hide
first you guys ready all right you got
that right turn around turn around guys
count to ten all right let's go that's
quick all right guys you guys ready all
right mommy's gonna turn around and
write to you guys go high go high let's
count one two right three four five six
seven eight nine ten
all right Ryan ready or not here mommy
comes yes ready all right where could
Ryan be is Ryan behind this spinning TV
nope no spinning TV do you think Ryan is
hiding here no aah
where could he be maybe he's in here no
where is he huh
huh wait I hear some noise now where is
Ryan what happened daddy stuck Oh No
okay while daddy's I'm sucking let's go
find Ryan I hear him
Ryan Ryan where's Ryan
yeah all right right turn around
I'm gonna go hi count to ten okay all
right let's go hi where shall we hide
any good hiding spot now mommy's hiding
yeah one two three four five I never
find me in here
here I come
Brian and Danny said they're gonna hi
separately when I turn around you guys
ready all right let's turn this corner
okay all right mommy's gonna count 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10
ready or not Ryan where's Ryan here
mommy comes where's Ryan well where oh
where could my little Ryan be oh where
oh where can he be
is he in here nope he's not in here
where could he possibly be okay I hear
some noise in the back bedroom bedroom I
hear
so okay well daddy's it no you're it
Ryan who look at right it just took a
pillows mommy
how dare he throws pillow at me what's
this but this what's this what's this
got you
Oh Ryan did daddy good luck he's gonna
get you hey daddy thank God you know
daddy's it pick up his jacket jacket
attack we're making sure daddy stays
down Oh
oh my star G I think we're trying write
a trap
Thank You friends it oh I hope you get
daddy team up getting daddy time hey I
need your help
alright guys are you ready have two
kinder eggs here the first person to
find their kinder eggs wins okay okay
and I will give you hints turn around
alright I will tell you when I'm ready
okay all right where should we hide the
eggs we have to figure it out Brian no
peeking is somebody picking know picking
get one
all right guys I am ready daddy no its a
race race all right see if you can find
the other one you're my Inoki let's see
what we I want a cool boy oh boy I don't
know what this is all right guys put it
together
Oh mine yeah it has wheels on Daddy's
bicycle so this is Ryan I'm not sure
what that is so we're gonna build it
yeah and daddy looks like a bicycle sir
okay daddy's putting his bike together
oh wow
but is this by any oil what's so cool
Ryan's putting on his stickers behind
enjoying his yummy chocolate is it good
nice building my things I don't know
what to do here it always spin the wheel
well oh and I got lion that was the
fighting lion from this car get a lion
oh so close cheetah mm-hmm and so you're
supposed to spin the wheel and then
whatever animals that land on for
example lands on a cheetah you have to
find that she goes like literally
somewhere over here okay so this one if
it's a cheetah and I win yeah so then I
picked up a cheetah so that means I got
one point so that's pretty cool thank
you for watching our video
don't forget to subscribe for more
videos
