but it goes what oh hey guys are over
here Oh your health went down if you
don't want to go in the water on your
help goes down fire to make neither what
if you get burned
that's good it's getting bigger I can
kill you now come to me I'd like a
smartphone so tell you what when a
natural disaster I can deal one natural
disaster like the regular one of course
you're bringing the water rushing down
to going on a short shower no way help
me
oh oh woah-oh 50 more seconds you said
yeah yeah oh yeah yeah oh yeah you said
oh yeah oh yeah
Oh everyone's divine oh this is the last
round
yeah oh yeah yeah we played this one
before
tropical trouble
what's going on
welcome to game yeah um some I don't
know where I'm
no it's okay nice whoever made it said
that they don't want anybody named to
ride toys in this game let's see let's
see it's not me coming in you might even
survive I don't know
oh I was going crazy
what game's over
oh I died alright thank you for watching
have a family destiny don't forget to
subscribe for more ryan's every videos
shoo fly shoo
