Simon Says go crazy so tonight is a
special night because we are going to
King Dickens yeah first day of
kindergarten and my friends are it's
gonna get ready for bed with toothbrush
first day so we thought
now we're gonna read the book that says
the night before kindergarten to get
ready for school tomorrow you ready yeah
twas the night before kindergarten as
they prepared kids were excited in a
little bit scared they toss and they
turn about in their beds while visions
of school supplies danced in their head
dancing yeah to bedtime erasers and
crayons and pencils galore or stuffed in
their backpack and set by the door
outfits were hung the closet with care
knowing the kindergarten soon we'll be
there hey the next morning in the
morning it came school starts today well
the teacher be nice will they still get
to play what will you still get to play
in kindergarten yeah you are cold or not
ha ha I got you think he does the
teachers children take a ball they play
with you guys yeah I'm sure
faces were washed teeth were brushed
white pigs
posed for pictures with eyes sparkling
bright see mommy take a picture of the
kids on the first day si you well I'm
not saying their mommy so I'm gonna take
a picture of you - that's a good idea I
like that idea
she gathered
grown up gonna up she gathered the
groundnuts on the magical rug then sent
them away after one final hug the
children all waved from the door of the
school don't cry mom and dad
kindergarten is cool alright we're done
now it's bedtime sweetheart
Oh before bedtime Brian says he wants to
play one last game Simon Says let's see
Simon Says
pat your head Simon Says rub your tummy
touch your nose Simon Says touch your
feet tickle yourself okay whistle okay
blow a raspberry like this blow a
raspberry
Simon Says protect me angry Simon Says
tried to touch your back good Simon Says
go crazy okay
Simon Says lick your elbow no touch your
knee Simon Says touch your toes okay
Simon Says close your eyes and count to
three say Simon Says make kissy noises
kissy noises hi hurry you embarrassing
me kissing ah okay how about just Simon
Says look up and down now look left and
right now my going to do Simon Says
Simon Says whether your arm
yeah Simon Says be like a monkey Simon
Says so show me how strong you are my
morning Ryan morning I am its first day
of kindergarten
he's in a deep sleep other sisters
coming to you want to shake this morning
don't wake up retarded okay look stay up
school wall there's school for your
brother Ryan okay so I've just finished
 cheese know what yeah yes no
getting ready for school
alright so in his pajamas then it's good
I eat breakfast today
now Ryan having some watching for
breakfast yeah so we are on our way to
music class what
that's afternoon what is we doing right
now
first day of kindergarten right we
parked a little far today right so get a
walk all right Ryan
how you feeling about your first day so
far excited yeah yeah excited to meet
your teacher and make new friends yeah
yeah yeah arguing y'all like see that's
true
underneath the teacher yeah all right
now his chair here this one says my
first day of kindergarten with Ryan
well-financed are you ready for school
Wow
we just took Ryan up from his first day
of school I was a baby school not babies
so mommy bought Ryan chick-fil-a for his
first day can you reach it do you reject
yeah there you go so Ryan have to eat in
the car ride because we are going to
cool what tennis today where it's going
to rise music class right after school
yeah so Ryan how was your first day
what'd you do today at your first day of
kindergarten I know right become a big
boy you today today
big boss making the clock by today for
the playground the family destiny don't
forget to subscribe for more videos
