a very crazy attempt at making a pizza
today with the help from Jessie I don't
even want to be in this chair okay this
is Jessie this is Nichkhun and his son
how old are you Jesse he's always won
and he's gonna help me wait I need to
tow this okay right you took the other
car day okay so we've got these like
vegan pizza bases that Bridget's
kind - yeah he's just some what is this
like okay are we gonna have so much I'm
guessing to start with we need to smear
some tomato sauce on the face Jesse this
is gonna get messy but I'm gonna need
you to help here hey Jesse okay go okay
right he's gonna get to talking than
that I'm gonna start chopping some good
job good job get six shall I do one next
to you we can go through when they get
we go okay we just smear it around like
a nice smooth like yeah but yes starting
that one to see if you want okay we the
ingredients we have here
so basically we're making dinner for
Nick and Ange riah Justine who else is
going to dinner quite a few people and
we'd have these are like little sliced
courgettes zucchinis what's this widget
that is better net
what's better net roast butternut squash
we have avocados tomatoes guys if you've
got any questions whilst we're doing
this yeah feel free to ask let me know
you can hear it can you hear us as well
how's it tasting yeah yeah get on this
one
Jesse's in and Jesse probably knows how
to do this better than me you you've
probably done more kicking than me right
yeah exactly you read my mind
exactly I'm gonna start in this one
Jesse smear it
this is sun-dried tomato pesto nice okay
that's it how's it taste
please get something we smear this is
the base I love your little giggle
that's cool
okay as you can tell guys I'm not very
experienced at this okay right should we
make smiley faces we're gonna make
smiley faces we can lay in it yeah
that's fine Nick and ang both aren't
here right now I don't know why they've
allowed me to babysit Jesse though okay
right so we try and write live the
adventure with these little zucchinis
let's start with a simple smiley face
can you do on a slice just give me a
nice slice of avocado this isn't too
sharp is it no okay I'll get I'll slice
the avocado you can do a nice smiley
face okay
this is how you slice that look holiday
I'm saying like I know guys any ideas
for our pizzas like exactly how we
should decorate them the last night we
still lived can you check yeah okay cool
okay I've got a nice slice of avocado
here suggest that you here's the other
card a be really gentle and just place
that nicely on the pizza base as a smile
here you go take that does it taste good
yeah okay they get there's a smile would
be too little eyes this is perfect
and the noise Jessie that was the that
was the mouth
you just ate the mouth okay okay
we're gonna have to do another slice cuz
you you ate it you ate the mouth but
that's okay that's fine
how do we need to put this in the oven
okay guys we're gonna save this door
after we cook there let's try some oh
and justice these are the ingredients
you can put on here like this yeah just
slap them on there don't me to finish
I'll finish your bass video I'll finish
spreading okay right guys what do you
think so far this is my this is my first
pizza not making I think we could throw
some award zucchinis on here okay vegan
mozzarella yeah perfect
- can you squash this dizzy just squish
it does he squish this one
yeah just push this yes it squish it
like that
chickpeas okay we could try some
chickpeas just sprinkle those on not see
many okay squish that mozzarella I think
they should be a regular a regular own
segment of my my channel what do you
think guys okay Jesse how you getting on
yes exactly
okay um where are we yeah mozzarella
squish bit about screen Jesse can you
help me squish than this Jesse your
speed you go can you help me squish some
of this is squish it shit perfect
tomatoes onion dunno do you like do you
like no I don't I mean once this kicked
is better in my opinion what do you guys
think raw or cooked onion okay
sprinkling this around we're saving a
Bacardi two after yeah how many do we
need as well I'm guessing like at least
one aged why never try to eat not one
piece of each yeah I'm thinking maybe
two here's Jesse how many can you eat
yeah I see you got it squish it that's
it that's it oh yeah doing some
butternut squash and this one maybe
we'll do we start on another one I think
this one's almost finished let's squash
this
okay guys have you got any other ideas
for ingredients we can put on our pieces
yet have that spoon get it squish -
squish everything mm-hmm okay
put a few more onions on this one okay
this one's finished I guess right one
more all right you've got a clean slate
you can go again let me start with some
of this Jesse Jesse yeah that's it you
got this you got this yeah sorry guys
I think it's like 6:00 p.m. almost or
something okay okay oh we got uncool oh
my gosh okay we've got some sweet corn
support in here
Jesse can just grab that light Jesse you
look grabbed it and we're gonna sprinkle
some of that on the pizza yeah like bed
like his pajamas again we're gonna have
to speed this up a bit Jesse because we
fimo pieces to make are you talking
about okay Jesse this one we're gonna go
you mainly sweet corner gate Jesse put
the sweet corn on here I help you out
there see it's so good
sweet corn I'm gonna put it straight on
yeah he's actually Miss yet around a bit
you're a natural this is very good okay
I'm gonna put it o tomorrow should we
try some banana let's do a selfie
compete so let's do is gonna be okay
look at this you just see the shed guys
um I'm gonna link after this license but
I'm gonna link Jesse's Instagram below
because I feel like you need to go show
him some love he's he's obviously a
natural chef Jesse you are amazing this
was a masterpiece perfect and just
sprinkle them on a little of this simple
okay okay guys we're gonna try banana
yeah we're gonna go we're gonna go
simple with a banana but do you want to
mix sun-dried tomatoes you've been
honest I don't know that's a good
because that's the dessert after we've
eaten maize I feel like this week has
been a big distraction for you oh yeah
okay so we are in Cape Town right now
we're in
we're in what suburbs are these in
Clermont and we're staying with
nicknames right now and obviously Jesse
I think it's probably new nearly your
bedtime isn't it Jesse but he's getting
an extra treat to stay up tonight and
help me we'd be picking you're doing a
great job we're gonna do bernard is next
okay chickpeas and bananas okay Jesse
this one
let's move this because you just this
was a bit of a fail let's be honest this
is what we're going guys this is what
we've got so far
tell me which your favorite is I'm
thinking it's one point this woman yeah
well obviously that's the one you made
is a group effort it was a group effort
okay Jesse we're gonna do bananas now
okay to see we're gonna just carefully
chop the banana
okay can you can you put some of these
yeah he's our official taste taste
tester good chickpea night nice spell it
out okay we're not doing the TIG please
Jessie we're gonna need bananas like
this see this I'm gonna put these don't
let s do that guys yeah Jessie only
knows a few words Annette you know Dada
yeah but he points to everyone okay get
it put it here Oh Jessie get the banana
no no okay what else we put on with the
knowledge yeah you're gonna taste it
taste it no okay
we know his goods don't worry we don't
need to taste test this he's almost won
it's like 11 months old guys and there's
a we were watching a vlog today where he
was only five days old right and he
little it's completely dim you've really
grown up since I lost since we last saw
you last year Jessie it doesn't like
chickpeas just I think Jessie Martinez
dinners oh yeah he said no no
yeah Jesse we're eating your dinner
don't worry even if they die okay dude
what's this it's nice to see to see
what's this what's this you're holding
it okay we've got another guest arriving
right now we're doing a live stream oh
okay
put some more um Jesse Jesse I need I
need some need some help Jesse it's good
it builds the immune system live stream
yeah okay so we get some sweet corn
again this one yeah and put it some on
here we've got bananas tomatoes or
bananas and tomatoes and some sweet corn
yeah that's it get it get it just mush
it up a bit
taste it yeah how's it taste thing yeah
cool let's sprinkle some one guy's weird
I think we're doing well it made like
five pizzas so far um I think that's
wait yeah Nick and ang haven't featured
much in my vlogs and Cape Town they've
been preoccupied with this little guy do
you turns out he's a master chef yeah no
you don't need to do any more taste
testing and all so let's put the pizza
here because then when you
then when it moves out your mouth then
when it pulls out your mouth they can go
on that yeah he said three words on this
live stream he said banana banana and
dad can I have a kiss from work can I
have a kiss
move on to the final piece of guys okay
we've done the banana piece so this is
this this is a shout-out to the South
Africans not quite sure whether it's
gonna work I'm gonna go for another
classic yes we got any more mozzarella
mozzarella okay yeah okay
slippery it's slippery the answer
surprised the chair got really slippery
okay guys my own Jessi did a great job
don't worry about him okay we've got the
tomatoes spread with useless inspire
we've used this entire jar this vegan
mozzarella sister being mozzarella guys
don't worry about Jesse he's fine I'm
gonna tell you the ingredients for this
mozzarella cuz a lot of people don't
realize you get vegan cheese this is
made from tapioca starch tree nuts
including almonds cashews sunflower
coconut macadamia this is like really
healthy cheese basically oh that's good
like a weenus squeeze or wonder if it
melts in the same way as normal geez
okay this is the last piece of guys once
you've done this open in the oven and
we'll stop cooking
the other ones already cooking a little
bit I was never particularly a tease
person before I went vegan so it's not
one of those cravings I get a lot of
people ask me that but thankfully I
think
okay right I'm gonna go with a bit more
of a standard pizza you better Jesse
okay Jesse's recovered from his fall
this is all a part of growing up in life
really
sometimes when you fall down you just
have to get up again he just wasn't
enjoying the equation a bit like but you
know okay
okay Jesse is it
bath time now I think I'm supposed to be
bedtime but biggest birthday Doudna
taste do you wanna do a taste test on
this avocado I'm jealous of you hmm
guys I've been making smoothies every
morning with an advocate a whole avocado
two bananas and a bunch of other stuff
but it's good my avocado intakes good at
the moment okay anyway we've finished
our pizza making this is the final peep
something I wanted to do more like
smiley faces and stuff but um it's a
little bit more tricky in this in this
chaos do you like chaos chaos Jesse so
we haven't made too much of a mess
thankfully
how much are they 24 end okay they're
kind of average yeah and then there's
these ones these ones are the ones that
grow here right the green ones the brown
ones are imported from Hispaniola
hey guys thumbs up for have a guard
later now you two have some tomato paste
we haven't actually put in each spicy
supplemented we have no pony spice on
the pizzas guys hey guys another time we
probably conduit in this live stream but
Jessie can actually skateboard he lies
on the penny board
yeah only he was sitting on it and
sitting upright and doing the doing this
pushing himself along anyway I did want
to like hang around in the livestream
until we could actually eat some of
these pieces but I feel like it's gonna
take a while to cook so it might be a
bit boring right let me wash my hands
are getting quickly Jessie can you just
chat today
I'm dizzy show them show them your
tricks say say banana banana mm-hmm
banana but no no can you say banana
Nick what's the main thing that's
changing your life becoming a dad it's
just in case I'll become a dad one day
on eating the cake yeah it's it's it's a
change having a lot more responsibility
but and it's the amount of free time
that you get
it is considerably less than you imagine
yeah but it's amazing I think like it
there's something that you're like you
feel like you're born for this
and you mean to do this so yeah it's
okay instantly although there's a loss
of freedom
it's actually like a welcomed loss and
so you kind of have the second amazing
experience and it's like when when you
see your child for the first time
they're like yeah this is your father
they hand it to you like this like like
that except he looks like an alien
yeah he's covered in blood in this man's
face is like and he's crying and and it
is literally like someone says to you oh
by the way aliens exist and here's one
well it's that weird like it's that much
of a shock to your system alien yeah so
it's it's a yeah it's totally weird like
nothing on your entire life of my points
even comes close to how weird that
feeling is so it's something to really
look for tip special fear yeah yeah any
questions for neck guys before we end
the livestream any other parenting
questions for nikah ranch because this
is all this is all fascinating anyone
wine for the kid no Jesse's not drinking
wine does he do okay it's been I feel
like even like being in the House today
to getting some work done for like a
little while realizing how much
attention babies need it's like yeah
it's kind of crazy on but it's also
really enjoyable looking after babies
but but maybe like like half an hour
away when you actually appear and they
said are you gonna have another baby
yeah how old is Jessie we've already
said a few times but he's 11 months 11
months old yeah so one said what is
happening okay guys this was like an
experimental video we're just doing a
live stream to see where the Jeff see
could help me make some pieces and he's
done a great job I'm gonna just pick up
okay this is this is the pizzas two of
the pizzas come and check in the oven
now I'd probably have to end the
livestream soon this is this is the
pizzas in the oven oh oh yeah completely
fucked up the cat wait hang on I've
completely fogged up the lens hold on
okay there's the delicious pizzas that
jessee's made don't worry they won't go
to waste guys I'll eat them even if
everyone else wants to get takeout now
and you know I guess we're gonna end
there we're gonna in they're gonna say
bye bye say bye give me some water okay
Jessie said goodbye don't worry it's
been a lot of fun hangin around and
staying here yeah Jessie needs a bath
and he's gonna head to bed now we're
gonna sit down have our pizzas and yeah
this chair is gonna have a bath as well
anyway guys
by everyone
guys let me know if you enjoyed this
livestream comment below any other ideas
you have of fun things we can do okay
that's basically your bikes yeah and
will I'll see you tomorrow guys for some
more fun in Cape Town with I've only got
about a week left here so yeah it's been
an amazing trip but we've still got some
fun plans this week bye I'm going to
sign out guys and have a lovely evening
