good morning guys
is day two of the crates for change
summit the YouTube creates the change
summit and we've just arrived at the
London YouTube space
and today I think we've just got like
the the morning together there's some
workshops some more people speaking I
don't know if you saw yesterday's blows
but it was like yeah like a full-on day
of inspiration baby and yeah and then
I'm flying out again this evening back
to Cape Town so there's been a very very
short visit to London but super cool
super super food so can we get a thumbs
up in the back that way you guys can
hear me and that you guys are stoked to
be here can we get a little round of
applause for yesterday look at these
wonderful people from yesterday just
taking a look at that we're actually
gonna send out like a
okay guys I left the YouTube space we
had a cool morning of discussion groups
and just learning from some people in
the industry and yeah it was a good end
to the the whole event and I've now come
back that was in Kings Cross I'm now
comes back to Shoreditch where I was
staying in the hotel and I've got an
interview with a guy called Steve
Bartlett who I think he's one of the
founders of social chain or you know he
he does a lot of stuff in there in the
space and he's running a podcast or a
youtube series or something I'm not
entirely sure but I know that he
recently interviewed Casper and yeah I'm
supposed to be meeting him somewhere
here sitting down for like yeah chat
sorry should be fun
guys I've arrived you looked at the way
society world
and you said to every why could I not do
it differently what are the things
within convention or society that have
proven to be opinion wrong or incorrect
that say we could have been trained to
want everything as quickly as possible
and I'm guilty a bit like I'm like
ordering something Amazon now trying out
our life you know I'm like genuinely
annoyed by you who's gonna take six
minutes think I was like six minutes
like do the way it's so weird that we
like get training with this like almost
this it's immediate gratification is up
right so but I think the life that's
work by that I think looking back from
my twenties realize it's a point now
where I can travel the world and income
and have a positive influence that it
come easy and and it came from things
like when I was in my early 20s
essentially sacrificing everything and
living like sleeping in a sleeping bag
eat eight cans of baked beans and not
having enough money to pay you know to
drive around and feeling I'm not saying
that's goods back to you but it's like
we and then when I first travels I was
again like zero money like one of the
really powerful tryptamines in Australia
when I was like I guess is like 2021
where I I was traveling with Sierra
mother like living homeless hitchhiking
again I'm not suggesting everybody does
this but for me it's like how
desperately do you want that dream and I
think a lot of people want it but they
lose they want every comfort and luxury
and everything they want their life to
be easy and I say that doesn't
I think sacrifice is a big part of
getting into that place when you can
make a difference and you're willing to
surrender things to achieve your goal
and work harder
guys I'm about to jump on the trains and
head back down to cover my parents house
to get some more stuff and then head to
the airport well anyway as I'm coming
into old Street Station I noticed
there's no pop-up store for the Dollar
Shave Club this isn't a sponsored video
by the way but I realize I need a shave
because royal eyes do clean-shaven so
they're doing free shaves and I've never
been shaved by somebody else so I'm
going to come in here and have a little
stage I'm getting in the seat this is
Gabriela she's gonna be my shaver is
that what you call - a barber Etta oh he
knows I'm just gonna go broke classic
clich√©
nice to feel like you're giving me a
pika
okay I've gone into full relaxation I'm
worried now that I'm just gonna stay
until I miss my toy
taught me
fry I got my shave done jumped on the
train back in Surbiton now just got a
coffee
that's drive back I've still got time to
pack it's all looking good but what do
you think guys
I want to know though actually comment
below clean shaven or with stubble what
do you think suits me better I'd love to
know
I made it to Heathrow on time I've made
a brave decision guys to try and bring
my boosted board down to South Africa
and I've actually removed to the new the
v2 you can take the battery off so I
think this will mean they'll allow me to
travel with it I don't know where
they're gonna need to check it in a lot
but I'm hoping not see weapons to see
them get through okay I'm in the lounge
just about to board the flight I got
through with the boosted board well good
hopefully they'll let me into South
Africa with it now without any problems
I'm just finishing off some Instagram
editing and I just went the food bit
right I'm very impressed
I'm typically not a big be a fan but the
food today really good selection got
jacket potato some butternut squash and
sweet potato curry and some penne kind
of tomato pasta thing so good job with
the food be a battery so it's not
motorized but it's actually an okay
longboard there's a bit of resistance
from the motors but not too bad you know
it's actually getting me around pretty
fast
it sounds a bit weird because obviously
the belts kind of still wearing around
but
still an efficient way to transport
press to it
Thanks one word to Capetown
so we're a few hours into the fly
I'm gonna get some sleep now before we
land in Cape Town and this is
potentially the last flight I'm gonna be
doing like a few months potentially as
you know I'm gonna be based down in Cape
Town working on the documentary jp's
coming out with setting a team up with I
can edit ah we're still looking for some
help with a script to the documentary
and
yeah hopefully by the time I leave Cape
Town will have a rough car like a
directors part of the full
feature-length documentary and then we
can ya see where we go from there get
some help cutting it shorter I haven't
made the full plan yet but I'm really
excited and yeah this was a nice little
interlude back to the UK before I really
get cracking on it I've really enjoyed
the last few days especially hanging out
with them Steve today in the podcast and
that was that was actually really really
cool really good conversation and then
also just being at the the YouTube
creators for change summit last couple
of days just made me realise that
amongst all the criticism YouTube
getting and a moment and frustrations we
all have they are doing some really good
programs and they're trying to put
things in place to support those and
give those a voice or a platform for
their voice and doing good things and
wanting to provide good things
yeah they I don't know if I was saying
before but they've committed to
investing five million dollars into the
crates for change scheme this year to
get behind either Paul created small
around the world and yeah I just want to
pick up YouTube because they get a hard
rap sometimes and I know there's a lot
they could improve on but I think this
is something that they should be
congratulated on I think this is an
amazing program and I feel honored to
have been included in this year's summit
and just to be there amongst those other
people was yeah it was it felt great
felt good to be part of
apollyon going as well
right they will cut in the morning back
to the sunny weather peace out
enjoy life
