good morning guys
I'm in Freiburg Germany don't have you
watched yesterday's vlog but it's very
random I'm here I literally just flew in
here from Vienna it took me all day and
I'm staying at this guy alaska's house
he's finally let me crash on his couch
here so I had a good sleep still have
the process of waking up as usual and
we're gonna go out and go and see tibia
who kindly invited me down here that's
the reason down here and she's gonna
with these guys we're gonna do a little
bit a tour of where we are and then
hopefully do some interviews and stuff
and but first off I need some coffee
okay guys we've met up with tibia good
morning we're we're on a hunt for good
company these two aren't really coffee
drinkers but they suggested that this
where's this place this is this is like
the student coffee place about me this
is where everyone goes yeah that's true
that's true
okay we we've apparently got lunch and
like half an hour but I just really
needed a snack so we've got this I've
got this like vegan sandwich and a vegan
yogurt I'm so excited
wait a little bit our place
he has also shorts
it's so good then did I don't dead-end
and then okay we found this nice pretty
little park and we're trying to set up
an interview it's always tricky but I'm
thinking like camera back here so we've
got some flowers in the background
otherwise we film this way it's just
like literal you know just a few trees
and stuff we'll figure out you're ready
to get into these yeah we need to keep
it kind of casual but also this is like
the opportunity to like learn a lot
about local people in different places
and stories and what we'll have yeah we
got like an hour is okay yeah okay okay
nice the you hope you have to be she's
on this shirt she looks very nice from
9:00 to 10:00
and to travel the world explore the
world and get to know people in
different cultures and
many people influenced me
right we've dis arrived at this
incredible Middle Eastern restaurant and
we're gonna tuck in to talk us through
what we've got going on here it's a
sample I think because this really like
10 yea that's not enough Polanco busy in
that we are having one pH fry with
finished lunch to be unfortunately had
to head off she's doing another gig
tonight so she had to go get her band
and I decided to stay with these guys
because I'm going to yeah I'm gonna do
some more interviews and stuff and this
will grab a little coffee and now we're
walking to get me a bike because walking
around is yeah a little bit tiring and
there's no point if I can get a bike
that's gonna be a little better to get
around
and this is one of the iconic bridges in
Freiburg apparently because of you you
stand out on the middle here this is
cool sort of the the church
today's just turning out to be even more
random than then I originally planned
little update this is Melanie Sabina has
gone away like I said I'm not probably I
probably won't see you again this trip
because if she's doing all her music
stuff then we are gonna be doing some
more interviews not entirely sure
whether we're gonna do any today because
as you can see it started raining so I'm
just hanging out with Melanie in Alaska
and let either later today or tomorrow
and Melody's gonna share a little bit on
what she's doing
basically shoots out this project that's
helping refugees but that's all I know
at this point because I haven't really
quiz delays on it I don't want to know
too much more until we like we've got
the camera set up chatting but we're
going for a little Drive now to get some
food so Alaska can teach me how to make
hummus later on we've just arrived at a
Middle Eastern or Afghani grocery store
apparently there's loads of cool things
is it a ghost yeah we're on the hunt for
hummus hummus hummus we need to check
these yet chickpeas basically
how much smelly chickpeas but mainly
mainly typically that's the main
ingredient you are a person yeah I'm
good to burn inside that'll be great
Thanks but it will taste better
this thing is so delicious
what is it my lovely thing it's name is
baba ghanoush oh yeah because this is in
Bulgaria as well my girlfriend loves
bubbles Ganesha yeah you can't really
kiss people off guys a lot of the things
that we plan to do today did we didn't
end up doing I actually had a little nap
this afternoon I'm just gonna get back
into like feeling alive again got my
coffee but we're going to Alaska is
gonna teach me how to make authentic
Syrian hummus and baba ghanoush I'm here
with a lot of his housemates the cotton
ball your names but we're gonna be
eating together tonight we're gonna have
like a cool sit-down meal I will
introduce everybody so quick Leila Katya
and Millie Laila Katya and Mellie and
yeah we're gonna have a feast tonight
and I'm gonna help make it as you know
I'm not very good at this kind of stuff
but we're gonna I'm gonna try okay I
think we're good can you just turn the
camera see if we look good you know it's
so weird I do so many YouTube videos but
I never do like on a tripod love it yeah
good we both in shop is what I'm selling
if I sit this way she's like I wash my
hands I should probably go watch some
hands we should move you will be cutting
actually these things pickles pickles
did in England we call these gherkins
gherkins yoga in German
show is tired yeah it's super vegan yeah
it's super Wiegand vegan in Germany they
call vegan vegan right we have garlic
tahini salt tahini is made of sesame
seeds by the way that correct yeah this
is a Miss AIDS believe oil check piece
no these are chickpeas they grow this
big ones and these are baba ghanoush
this is M mashed eggplant okay and we
call that we call that obj aubergine
yeah it's in in German also yeah as well
okay Sheena over green it is easy to
remember
pepper we have this special thing which
is like that's your secret ingredient is
my secret thing I will tell you about
right now tell my bro because they know
hey guys this is the secret and this is
well from a granite syrup okay and
that's the secret to the hummus yes the
job is to cut these things yeah got
paprika okay we will do something else
first and then what these in our star
these in arabic flip flip flip flip okay
I would just take some chickpeas we will
drop it just inside this thing it's just
it yeah
yeah whoa this is a thick piece outside
that's just so this is kind of cheating
because you you're not matching the
chickpeas from scratch you're just using
a premade hummus right mmm
this is this is not in England we call
that treaty cheating tahini sesame paste
yeah just like that
is there a lot more an exact measurement
you foodies we're just doing that this
is just the feel of it just just feel it
feel like we have now to put the magic
thing yes you're going with mmm garnet
my necks bare this don't worry okay I'll
just get rid of the oil and then you
know so to pay this guy yeah yeah yeah
this guy's amazing pepper I feel like we
should get another angle cuz this looks
so good from where I'm sitting let me
just get my other camera angle going
just now to squeeze the lemons inside
nice knowing you squeeze it like really
squeeze it yeah
you have to feel it you have to get it
all over your hands
no Jamie Oliver you don't have any
chance so I started doing the other
thing okay-y lowest level of guys so
this is the garlic right I'm just
mashing the garlic with some salt I'm
doing here the baba ghanoush get the
thing with eggplant with a machine oh
yeah okay and I'm just playing as
possible as I can to match these small
garlic thing no no I'm almost finished
with drummers and baba ghanoush and
you're still cutting these playfully OH
bleh bleh you just let me quickly chop I
play that's the strong sorry guys you
don't know him you don't know he's like
we have we're hungry since two three
hours and he's like just sleeping hey I
haven't slept today I guess that's okay
okay we're ready now I'm doing both of
them together yeah a little bit
complicated for the people who's
watching this is in side by side we got
the hummus we got the baba ghanoush
what what's left to put in the hummus no
you just been letting that lime juice
gonna go you have to mess it right now
yeah we like sit very well
you Rick the secret is to mix it very
well don't just mix it like one minute
okay
isolated slider you have to mix it very
good really fast - no no let's do it
slowly as possible get the machine here
inside over the
garlic I'm getting the other one as well
inside this is like a plan taste okay
okay what's is naming it sold BAE Sophie
give me my secret place mixin again look
at this mix it again
I'm kind of an impatient person so I'll
just be like yeah yeah Karissa that's my
biscuit you know like when you whisk it
up a whiskey like you know you know
language whiskey whiskey whiskey whiskey
I think I'm ready
hey somehow there's one missing it's
just disappeared
Philip counted in them okay guys I think
we're going to prepare the table to eat
right now because we're so hungry
which do we have to bring bitter girls
because they are L so hungry
I made them turn the music off I like
kicked another were and how they were
like just do it
that's good he's from a different
country me where you from Serbia yeah
I've been to Serbia she's from yeah I've
been to Belgrade yeah good nappa cute
yeah I know
have you say but no Vietnam how well so
we kind of warned
from countries in yeah they're your best
German taste tests ravenous
whoa hmm that's way better than them
Oh always got that aftertaste Blair line
mm-hmm oh it keeps them ballet as people
call me the flavor no joke guys I'm not
exaggerating it haha
it tastes like something and then it
like another flavor gives it it was a
three-layered
flavor but that lot the aftertaste is so
good I think that aftertaste is your
secret ingredient you know well somehow
is now I am actually usual I've been up
all night editing although we did stay
up till about 1:00 or 2:00 just having
like epic conversations um yeah so
amazing there's like living in this
house there's two Germans Syrian and a
Serbian and yeah we just I don't know
just endless conversations about
changing the world and you know having
more empathy for people and I did I just
everything that we're wanting to explore
and share stories about on this entire
trip around the world and and last night
was awesome and we're gonna plan a few
more interviews throughout today
although I don't it I think I'm gonna
have to try and sleep as much as
possible but yeah I'm so glad I made it
here and yeah I think today is gonna be
very special I'm gonna try and sit down
with Alaska and really get in to share
his story properly and I've been holding
back from really prying too much as I
said before I really want to capture as
much as possible on the interview but um
yeah this is cool this is really cool
and it's really cool as well just
available to crash on the couch here all
right I'll see you in a few hours
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
