I'm Griffin I'm a 20 or old photographer
and filmmaker from Washington DC that's
the White House and that's the
Washington Monument you should follow me
on instagram right here but you're
watching fun for Louie well it's a late
start to the day and we have wonder
dance get some coffee and breakfast /
lunch kind of crunchy brunch lunch
something I find really funny in America
is if you step out onto the right we did
this earlier all the cars will just stop
as if as if you're just going to step
out in front of them
cheers Nick somehow I ended up with two
countries and this is more than a high
school play and I got my laugh as well
so yes
are you excited about your big sister
snapchatting what's your snapchat
snapchat next Melissa de Nick
he's basically daily vlogging about one
snap down you guys to go check them out
link in the description that is a
massive dog look at the size of this dog
guys
prior if now gone down the road and the
guys wanna do a little bit shopping so
we're just strolling in and our shops
and seeing there's any cool place
Yeah right yep yep I do yeah
that actually looks really going in but
I really like this shirt guys but it's
$70 so thinks a little bit see prices
may pop down there I'm thinking maybe a
vest
maybe the Brazilian flag shows your
shoes name shows the sick these are the
bling masters yes I did not know you a
Batman you've been hiding at this whole
time
guys shopping is really exhausting I've
had to get another coffee to combat my
tiredness but it's fun this is a lovely
road to shop on if you like shopping
lots of stuff you coordinate we make you
lots of stuff like shopping is terrible
my legs are sore my back is sore
but they can and are gonna have a nice
relaxed evening in tonight me and Lena
are heading don't visit Jeff we're going
to visit Jeff and we're gonna go and
stay maybe a couple of nights with it so
we've been driving for an hour and we've
stopped off to try find sleep in bed
because we've realized we don't have
sleeping bags and it's going to be
pretty chilly sleeping on the street
without sleeping bags the first place
didn't have sleeping bags so we have
gone down the road to Walmart working a
little in there if Walmart doesn't have
it then the world's ended I got a email
from Jeff saying he's actually left his
blanket somewhere so he hasn't got our
blankets Mike so I'm gonna get him a
sleeping bag as well and then we can all
be sleeping back buddies
wait did he stay lost my Jeff behind
that wall to the right there's a little
salon there and there was a umbrella
yeah a table the kind that goes over
your lunch table so I I was so exposed I
didn't want everybody see me there so I
took the umbrella off and then I kept it
like a tent kind of us I got one of them
ten things and put it right into a
corner and then I was right in there did
you have a blanket um I didn't but I had
a jacket to lay on the ground and I just
it's not too cold these days right now
well hopefully we can help Jeff get off
this tough situation and help him get a
new van guys food has arrived
all right my pleasure
right we've arrived in the area we're
gonna be staying in tonight and just
just gonna show us some of the other
people there don't know how's this oh
these are the mobile homeless they
they're like living like gypsies in
different Texas fold obeys RVs campers
trailers do you know how many people are
living in their vehicles in America Jeff
well they say between one and two
million
well while homeless people meaning we
have people with vehicles so you know
some are doing it for survival there's
family is they lost their job in
Oosterhouse or there's guys that got
divorced and wife got the house and they
end up and on the road in the vehicle
and their senior citizens they only get
a little bit of money for Social
Security and they can't afford a house
or apartment so they live in a a vehicle
I think it's going to increase in the
future anything tell me more people
doing this well Guys looks like we've
arrived when we're sleeping tonight this
is where Jackie usually sleeps outside
Staples store really humble guy and he
probably wouldn't want me to be doing
this but you guys should know that
Louie's putting like two thousand
dollars of his own money into helping
Jeff get his fan back and I think some
of us are gonna try and give some of our
money too and it's really important to
us to get this cause out there and to
help Jeff because he's a really good
person and even though he's just one
person there's a lot of guys out there
that need help a lot of people out there
that need help and if we can just make a
difference in this one person's life it
would be amazing so please help Louie
and help Jeff and help all of us to make
this happen
bring us on its way we're gonna be
sleeping I normally sleep right here
I put my head over here okay here okay
so um that's what concrete yeah the
reason why I don't put my head there coz
bugs might get in here you know yeah I
always think about spiders or bugs and
so I put my head over here I usually put
my bicycle here you know that I sleep
with all my backpack and my computer
stuff close by me cuz of people I'll
steal your stuff
I'm really happy about having some
people come to the party I'm happy it
can be lonely by yourself this is really
fun it's this kinda like going back to
high school as a kid having a sleepover
yeah so before we snuggle up and go to
sleep guys I just thought I'd clarify
something although we're only staying
here one or two nights with Jeff and
this is kind of a fun experience for us
that we're not I don't think this is a
genuine homeless experience I think
obviously it's a lot tougher for people
like Jeff who haven't got a choice and
it's a survival thing and we're
obviously you know it's it's it is a bit
of fun for us essentially but also we
want to experience some of the you know
trials that people are Jetix you know go
through having to wake up early may be
getting hassled and and having to find
areas to settle down for the night but I
don't want it to come across like we're
making like matter of it or that you
know we don't want to mock it in any way
and really we just wanted to come down
here tonight to keep Jeff company and
and these some kind of videos and stuff
tomorrow so yeah I'm gonna get some
sleep and we'll we're gonna spend the
day tomorrow me and Jeff and and the
girls and we're gonna have some fun see
then peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
