hi I'm lava from Mexico and you're
watching fun for Louis enjoy good
morning guys I am on my way to the
dentist I haven't been in an extremely
long time and got feeling I'm gonna need
a little bit of work then I they can do
it today they like to book another
appointment well guys my dentist is not
happy do you know what she said she said
I'm not allowed to drink any anything
physic including sparkling water
apparently anything carbonated a road to
teeth um that's crazy she's like yet
drink as much coffee as you want can't
drink any fizzy drinks or fruit juice
she said it's bad as well so she's I
could drink water pill coffee and tea
that's basically
so that's all dealt with now I am
heading into London as usual sure I
should just live in London I literally
communion every day but I'm plenty of
the shoreditch again hanging out necking
ang and then I think about meeting and
then I don't really know what
just arrived at shoreditch and Nick and
Angie heading over I'm gonna duck in
here and grab a coffee was away
we've left Nick having a coffee at the
moment and min and fell over to have a
meeting at shoreditch house which is
this login to leave okay guys I haven't
blogged last eight hours and I'm there's
no excuse but that i'm going to try
making this goose basically finish my
meeting and nick and ang left and then I
bumped into an old friend I haven't seen
in five years not jack he's he's a new
apprentice in five years we had a little
cat shark met some other guys then I got
distracted start editing anyway look no
more excuses I'm now blogging i'm still
at this cool place shortage house i'll
try and show you around i shouldn't
filming when I actually that's filming
but anyway then I bumped into Jack who
just randomly which is sitting down next
to my new friends at night but you said
to me oh you saw our blog today with a
local area by clogging you know what I
make enough now I'm giving upload on how
you doing jack I'm pretty good we're on
a rooftop in one
and I was SAT here with a friend as you
do well imagine friends Adrian you guys
know a bit and we were having a chat and
then I was like who is this man with
dreadlocks walking around who let you in
he looks for Billy up and turned out to
be news so we're catching up we are
tonight I think it was actually meant to
be this has been two times in one week I
know we met the other night I was like I
know I hope it doesn't it's not like
another six months ago it's like two
days we're trying to plan a fun video
next week Ashley guys have you got any
cool ideas or something created me and
Jack and film next week comment below
we're thinking maybe like longboarding
somewhere though we don't have the books
you can find by longueuil have long
words send them to us you know any cool
places we could explore that we wouldn't
get in too much trouble like I'm
thinking an abandoned place where we
wouldn't get like it's not illegal so
you know that kinda boy last night
really
so after an amazingly long night deep
conversations we're strolling back to my
car and I just say to Jack and Adrian by
page 16 pounds parking today but but for
an hour and a half it wasn't paid for
yes and I was hoping they wouldn't be a
parking ticket and it isn't thank you
highway in that light yes no parking
ticket i did pay a lot of money stage i
was hoping it would be one
oh hi these guys are off peace out peace
on the streets when you say
the street seat on the street those
exactly i say yeah that's it peace on
the streets well one unexpected night I
arrived here today to 30 for a meeting I
definitely didn't imagine that 12 hours
later I've believing yeah I mean wow wow
like very very cool evening there guys
and Jack and me were saying it's a shame
in a way that I can't just blog our
hours of conversation because we had
like honestly fascinating conversation
about life and YouTube and what
directions were going in and everything
but sometimes you just need those times
and I particularly day because i'm
vlogging like literally my whole day
sometimes it's it's moments like these
all date you know afternoons like this
that i just i really value because
because i'm always on the go and I'm
kind of running around doing stuff it
doesn't make much room for these deep
connections with people and long deep
conversations which I'm I'm a deep
person are you might be probably gather
that I cherish these moments so I
stopped loving now but that's that's
basically how I felt about tonight
so now to explain my current predicament
is it is 2am maybe 230 and I have agreed
tonight to go to bath with Nick lunch
bath is a city in the West of England by
the way not like a bubble bath I've
agreed to go with them tomorrow and
there's some cool people they want me to
meet with their friends also my cousins
live over there I thought why not go to
bar for weekend they need to leave at
6am that's literally in a couple of
hours it doesn't leave me any time to
edit my vlog and sleep now I often
neglect sleep in my life and it doesn't
have the best consequences I get sleep
deprived I get ill you know me you see
you sleep deprived guys don't know why I
do this myself but I just can't miss out
on you know I'd rather have a good chat
and capture it with Jack tonight and go
in the morning and just just miss sleep
and just have to like stuff for the
consequences i'm always going to do that
then why I don't value it highly
associate maybe I'm just stupid maybe
that is literally anyway I what I have
to do is drive drive by dan sorry grab
some a change of clothes camera battery
charges and then drive back into London
probably and i think i'm going to sleep
in the back of rodney and then and then
nikodem can like gonna wake me up swing
I don't know
I just grabbed all my duvets and stuff
come to changes of clothes i'm now
heading back into London because I
decided to sleep up there for like an
hour or two before we have to head off
makes more sense and also potentially
Nick drive the first shift I'm getting
for sleep I found a cheeky little place
to park it's like four maybe even four
three a movie yeah like forth a only
sleep for like an hour and a half and
then pick up nick and ang and warheads
on the way to bath Oh crazy see then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
