my name is David Knight from Ireland and
you're watching fun for Louie good
morning guys is very early and we're
leaving early but I haven't slept much
have a great day bro man
so a Verizon Walton which is actually
where vent lifts and I've got an
appointment at Barclays Bank thing
boring but before that we've got a
little time so we're going to wander
down and get a coffee
it's a breakfast nice having to tag
along with me because I'm bad at time
management
breakfast is served
I don't know what this says this looks
really crazy right bugs going for my
meeting
thank you salt it so it guys
that answers having a look him up to ago
so
thanks for waiting around for me Nick
luckily that was only half an hour in
the bank could have been hours
all the admins done now pretty much and
we're gonna go and see and head back
into London
all right we've got laptop Club going on
and it's just made me a cup of tea
thanks Ange this is Roy boss T this is a
South African team you should try it
right we're heading off also guys I'm
just really stupid and I forgot to pay
for parking and I just got stupid
parking ticket
that's not cool it's not cool
we've come to China sound I'm dropping
Nick and Ange off they're gonna have a
nice romantic evening with this cool
bike and you're cool kite yeah how you
do man it's literally been a million
years that is good thinking like that
safety-conscious Jack check out that
America thank you Jack just be honest so
good let's give this little toast
oh that's tasty we've just come out of
honest burgers having a delicious meal
and Jack just spotted this mini over
here you can't tell on camera but this
is actually felt this is this texture
this car is Bell have you ever seen a
spell for that it's nuts
how is that not really dirty I would not
do well with a felt car it would just
get horrendous so me and Jack have been
able to get I'll catch up actually
planning some quite exciting exciting
future projects but we're and he's about
to cycle home now yes safe cyclists go
silly
bye
don't get hit by a car jack
but I've now all met back up with Nick
and ang and we are heading back to the
hotel we're gonna chill for a little bit
and laptop up so we're just walking
through Chinatown bumped into this guy
mad boy who's just been telling me a
very interesting story tell me about
yourself I'm an urban poet with a
tendency to break into rap not
I'm a rap up a little bit too old to
sarma rapper but as I said if you go on
YouTube check out my stuff and
we're about to create paste reality yeah
the album's wonderful introduces the
might
the ER team I've got the guys who worked
on the realest they're doing stuff and
it's all good it's all fake you taking
pictures of measles funny yeah nice so
I'm gonna link all that below guys I
think I check them out do you want to
give us a little flavor a little taste a
little freestyle and a flower so fun and
edgy kay in and now you're looking at
Matt's and painted crack smoking related
before your time you're faced with they
enter one small rock the party anyway
you'll say just sell your lives they're
overrated over cash or check back daily
now chemically baron you should have
mated years before when your point when
stated you want to go girl but was
always fayeed to live deluged and no one
right here no self-respect
you just get slighted to me I'm only
being creative and the clinic's now are
inundated with anyone infatuate we've
got safe sex not insulated and a baby's
born a crime collated they're spoofing
drugs not caring right
nice hey thanks man definitely we'll
check you out check him out that's it
alright I hope you project guys well
right yeah I'm now back in Nick and
Angie's hotel room I've kind of crashed
their party but we've got we've got
laptop club going on I've made myself a
coffee thanks guys how exciting is my
life guys how exciting is this I
struggled to make videos because it's
like this is my life like this is my
life kids yeah but it's this you can
relate to this guys how do you sit on
your laptop's other side writing exams
yeah there's actually maybe really good
for you guys to see because this is
actually what like yeah it's not just
eating ridiculous McDonald's and
Starbucks all right we finished laptop
Club it's very light I thought that how
I got is late we've just been chatting
about a lot of things sleep well night
guys
right back my parents after a long
evening with Nick and and working on
some secret projects which I may be able
to tell you guys about seen but not yet
and I love hanging out those too and I'm
sure you've seen from in my videos they
are both super cool and I just wanted to
tell you guys that they inspire me I see
a lot of like bad relationships around
me and as a married couple they inspire
me it encourages me gives me hope that
one day when I get married marriage
could be pretty fun and pretty cool
which it doesn't always happen like like
that you know and I see people in very
controlling and restrictive kind of
relationships say no I don't know it's
good what I'm saying is it's good and it
was also fantastic to hang out with
Jackson I haven't seen him in like like
the night mumps like months probably
VidCon it's cool to hear waves up to
your projects he's doing he's about I
should have charged him or earlier but
we were just like deep in conversation
but he's doing this cool Skype
collaboration project where he's gonna
be filming some different documentaries
and stuff I'm sure you or some of you
may have seen his latest video
announcing that and we I don't know we
were just saying that even though we
don't see each other for ages we still
can just pick up from where we left off
you know we can just there's no
weirdness with our friendship you know
it's cool even a real child among some
months months
but we hopefully will get to hang out a
bit more regularly and do some fun
travel projects together we're just
trying to figure out how that can all
come together and fit together with our
to the crazy schedules but overall great
day
with great friends and tomorrow another
great day
I hope capture their peace out into her
life and live the adventure
