well today I am heading up to London I'm
gonna go and see Nick and Ange briefly
and then head up and see Alfie he's got
a TV interview which I'm probably gonna
like sit backstage on good the weather I
can't believe it's like the end of
September this weather it's just so
beautiful pitching a great mood anything
so I've been hanging with knickknacks
and I'm now seeing the back of Rodney
and Nick's driving because they're
they're heading to dinner and I'm
editing I'm still trying to catch up
guys to my editing routine I'm sorry but
there's a beautiful sunset of the know
you can see all right these guys have
just dropped themselves off see later
have a nice meal and I fell jumping in
Rodney and gonna go meet Alfie whose
finishes TV interview I didn't get to go
and sit backstage on that but we are
gonna go and chill somewhere and maybe
get some food and have a fun evening in
London so I was reading through some
comments from the QA vlog against one of
those go and someone was like what admin
have you got and
just to let you know there's a lot of
admin in my life and I'm terrible at
organizing it so you know I get part to
get some people money two different
things
there's bills that need to be paid all
that kind of stuff which I get really
behind on and because I'm always in the
mood as well it's just a great nightmare
to me it's stubborn oh really - well
both logs because boring but I have
finally been offered the assistant of
Angela next wife and she is going to
assist me in a lot of my ads and things
help me help my life just be free up
time basically so I don't get tired all
the time for you know lack of sleep -
trying to juggle such things and film
and make this channel the best it can be
so that is basically the certain
situation and then just thought oh you
guys
yo man do it I'm doing alright
I've seen you in like 10 hours hello how
did your TV thing go yeah man really
really good like really positive in to
be really really nice woman also is
chilled where we hit it now
Nando's Nando's boy I'm feeling down
below Nando's we found the Nando's the
best one but this is the best guide this
is the best Nando's near London Bridge
this is definitely the best and most and
the best place in the Nando's wait
yeah let's get out
the Beast has arrived the thieves to
pasteurize and now he's not even hungry
so this is basic cable 1 million
subscribers yes this is our yeah this is
like a celebration mail a million
business again but we've moved tables
because we destroyed that table over
there with this so listen we're trying
to look at stuff but I got a little
dessert this is a tapa July and I put
little coffee as well cheers our fee our
left Nando's - so good guys like chicken
is bursting up my stomach you have a
kick maybe a little ever drinking baby
now me and else we're going for a little
romantic walk around London little
mandate yeah
we don't know where we're going yet but
we're just taking a stroll lovely jump
back and Rodney and we're gonna go float
drive now and at some point we need to
drop out fish get straight back so
is the admission to a lot traveling from
Bryan to London all the time I think
it's not too bad it's only like an hour
but then like anyone you see them they
don't even have socks oh my gosh yeah
how sick would it be if they invented
teleport well we just got to Victoria
train station and it turns out
Althea's missed his train back to
Brighton the last direct train was at
like 10 o'clock and the few options he's
got are get a train to somewhere else
and get like some long ad bus back to
Brighton which is not really an option
definitely you know up for a bus like
too bright or get like a 200-pound uber
or taxi which again is just ridiculous
or why let's not make an adventure of it
go and get Nick maybe and we can go to
drive back to Brighton and maybe
favorite Alfie's and have a million sub
party yeah that's the aim
let's do it so we're gonna try we're
gonna go get Nick and try this way
damage to come as well and then head
down to Brighton
I've got Alfie filling up the car
good job outfit
when are you gonna learn to drive Alfie
why I need two parts I bought a card in
night yeah I can't even drive that guy
but every once we yell to tell him to
hurry up cause his driving test I always
meant to be doing five hours driving the
other day the last bear and then we
started to play 13 hours back let's go
well we're gonna grab a few snacks and
refreshments for the journey
maybe a little coffee you know I know
this is really out of character if a how
a news is that
we've got lots of chocolate crisps
basically mainly healthy things all of
it is NYX yeah you know Angie's incoming
yeah Nick is just so unhealthy
he eats bad news bad he needs to follow
in our example this is boy time don't
talk to call you have to have a Willie
and and isn't coming but she's gonna
have a nice rest a restful sleep night
right
drop your try boyfriend go go go
I think a bunch of Rosa clothes and
loiter Brighton say we're having to find
them in detour
hey well done on the drive neck we got
so diverted just two powers but we're
finally here we're all pretty tired and
I'm gonna upload my vlog now we have
internet i'ma stay up for a bit these
medicines mix up the bed night Nick
sleep well right 20 plus 3
Alfie's off the bed that's so low weight
you see if a breakfast break I thanks
for let's crush labor Shira join me back
you mean I'm gonna spend $250 at all but
it was actually Nick that drive yeah I
just chilled in the back well I was just
about to go to bed snuggle up on Alfie
sofa and then I heard this
does that irritate you that really ever
takes me a ticking clock in a room I
just I start obsessing over it when I
close my eyes and then I can't come
today and everything else other than the
ticking clock say I'm sorry out for you
but if she's gonna have to have to put
the battery out of that Oh funny I can
sleep like with loud noises I can sleep
in moving vehicles with the engine
running everything but a ticking clock
in a silent room weird does anyone else
get that every night right that's
perfect so I can sleep now and it's been
a fun night
I think the spontaneity of coming down
to Brighton was good even that took ages
but I love last-minute spontaneous
decisions it always adds an element of
fun and excitement I think spontaneous
random decisions are always the more
exciting thing today
um I'd encourage you guys to don't do
things spontaneous today and let me know
what is my bedtime
tomorrow I'm we're gonna head back into
London got some things to sort out and
got a few boring meetings guys but
hopefully I'm gonna go and see Jack
Kerry's tomorrow and that's the plan
looking forward to that and had a good
catch up with him in ages why peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
