hi my name's me game your I prepared and
you're watching Panthro Liu in July woo
good afternoon guys we had a little lion
this morning because we got to bed at
like 6 a.m. and we are now heading out
some lunch so this is what the eventual
words get done by forget or lamb so what
we're gonna do is get a start out of a
jumble a sausage forget cut it into
quarters and then I'll get our mains
this is great sausage guys check out our
mains roast in our favorite the chicken
we with a lamb shoulder of lamb
the little pub we were in did big coffee
so we come to another place right we are
heading off from Dave's and and Janek
have been staying there so they've got
big bags and stuff where are you guys
heading now were you going to stay in
London for two weeks probably we're not
sure and then off to New York cool so
lots of adventures ahead and we're in a
bit of a rush now because my mum is
singing tonight at jazz thing up in
London as well so we're gonna drop these
guys off at their place and then we're
gonna head up to that I mean it's gonna
get my dad's and Darcy my parents my dad
is just cooked food for us all get is
amazing
your legend Desmond and we need to eat
this quickly because we need to head up
to London how's the food yeah done have
you done this dish on your channel I
arrived yeah a variation of vintage okay
clunking it okay let's good news go
check that out guys hey Darcy
you ready to roll
this guy London do it
we made it we made it yeah right we have
arrived
also Amy's joining us again do you
remember a couple of weeks ago Hillary
throw the in submission and I just
checked my YouTube channel and I show
you guys but I am literally 67
subscribers away from hitting a million
subscribers I know I kind of had my
celebration video the other day but and
though it is actually the night so we're
just sitting here waiting on refreshing
I don't I don't know this is real time
or not it I had to I have to log out to
actually see the right number bar I have
hit 1 million two hundred seventy three
subscribers say thank you
so the gig just finished these lovely
girls came down to watch for a little
bit you guys from where you from love
California
yeah how you enjoying London do it do it
cool well thanks for coming down we're
now going for that one that we're trying
to find someone to eat cuz we're all
quite hungry hello so I just want to
like prolong the celebrations this
evening before every guy's name so I
persuade people that we should look for
somewhere
we found some way let's open guys VD
raise this is perfect
look at this guy's that's what I'm
talking about America starting to say in
London
hate sin ginger bear won't talk be hyper
in life
how good is that that's great really
good great for you some Pellegrino wakes
you up at night if we've got pizza
cheese everyone
by thank you that was lucky we found
this pizza place and it's so nice that
way to hang out my whole family it's so
rare we all get to hang out like when I
when we went away my mom can calm and
then I haven't seen Hillary Farage's but
you happy with how the cake went bump
that's good if anybody wants to see no
but it all seriousness you should go and
check my mom's YouTube channels out you
don't already we should just put up a
music video
and she also vlogs all the time as well
so a little opal a bye so my mom and dad
and Dorothea off and I'm gonna give
Hilary and
well drops Amy off as well and I'm on my
way home and guys I just I'm in such a
good mood and like I said a few days ago
I now upload is my whale shot video this
is such a milestone in I guess my
YouTube kind of journey and I owe it all
to you guys I don't know I just I'm
ecstatic I'm ecstatic I'm actually
really interested to hear from you guys
what are big moments or achievements
that you've had in your life that you're
really proud over they're a big deal
yeah let me know comment below I'm
heading back now I'm gonna get some rest
and
I've got a couple of weeks where I'm
going to be in the UK maybe it's going
to be pretty chilled hoping to catch all
the lot of friends and stuff before
ventures abroad
got a lot of you've been asking maybe
for me to do in London meet up so that's
definitely in the cards and we can do it
with these something fun you can do in
London meet up so again
yeah comment below if you're in London
and need to be keen for that
catch tomorrow peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
