you're watching body following good
afternoon guys I slept so well last
night I think I slept with 10 hours
which is been long as I've said in a
long time it was it was good I needed
that I really need a better I'm now
heading out for lunch with Nick and Ange
well it popped up very narrow rocky
smokes and you just fit in
now I'm wandering down to the cafe
caught remember the name of the cafe me
but oh I'm ready I'm ready for food
- how you guys doing this morning and
you have you recovered from our all
night of the other night I wish in the
cafe we're gonna go into fight fight
somewhere to sit down now this can take
place
I don't know again this is a little
restaurant slash pub and we are getting
over some work and this movie on this is
a bit of an element they might not be
fits us that you're interested places
could just change with that burn just
you know new places new places new
Blazers we've just gone meal for the
evening and apparently this is my meal
I've never received thank you this is a
bag of rice rice awesome
and obviously green Thai curry extra
spicy that's the way I roll
did you guys left the Thai place and we
got off work done there we're now back
at the hut in Dave's garden and we are
doing a bunch of stuff I'm editing we're
doing loads of admin and the hot tub is
heating up and I'm eating jaffa cakes
yeah we are we're looking forward to
getting all this stuff done so we can go
and chill in the hot tub basically well
I've just walked out to Rodney's grab a
few snacks because we bought some food
and stuff the other day when we were
queuing for the iPhone and we didn't eat
green and blacks dark chocolate well
that's gonna go down well I'm back in
the shed and got our snacks and because
today's been very quiet and a lot of
admin and just not much to film we
thought would be the perfect day to do a
little Q&A so a couple of hours ago and
tweet it out and me Nick and I are now
gonna go sit in the hot tub answer some
of your questions and just wind down
because it's been a it's been a long day
all right let's start this little hot
tub Q&A how this is very good this is
like one of the best ideas at that I'd
like to just thank Lincoln out for
joining me at 3 in the morning for a hot
songs good here's a question for us so
how long have you have you all been
friends
we remain each other right four years
ago but we weren't really friends back
then and that's what we met last when I
came with Dave and Ben and Steve and we
stayed a nickel Ang's and that's kind of
when we made friends you make an
impression on someone what's the most
romantic trip being on yeah so we went
to and make organized Oliver so it was a
surprise for me
so that was romantic oh that's romantic
yeah so here's a nice deep one what's
one quote or phrase or idea or person or
anything that inspires you daily I think
Hakuna Matata is a good phrase means no
worries for the rest of your days if you
could change your name what would you
change it to so most people would limit
themselves which is like calling
themselves like you've got to call
yourself a powerful name this is helpful
in life and stuff okay so we were
thinking like Maximilian
but then why limited there we also like
Rex Rex max a billion exactly other
people even people that watch my videos
every day I think if I was a girl my
parents were gonna call me save me okay
so here's a good one is there anything
that you regret not doing I can't think
of any deep things but I do remember I
was on a trip and my friend into a lake
and I was like really
it was like 18 I think - climbing off
the board walk down the stairs like no I
feel like cool yeah
what do you guys find is the best
conversation starter how's your
relationship with your father
no that takes me like two questions to
get them no no that's not the
conversation start I think well my hair
often it's a conversation starter
they're like how long did your hair take
to grow like what is that on your head
one kid said to me once what's wrong
with your hair Lou he's really
good-looking
if you could be any character from The
Lion King um I was I would say Mufasa
but he just dies right ways they're like
I don't know gonna die I would want to
be a lion though I think I'm gonna be
boring just say Simba cuz you not gonna
be scarred he's not going to be any of
those hyenas well most people would say
because they all like carefree that's
true - then you are I'd say wanna be a
lion
Kenyon Daniel speak back and can you
understand them like can you have a
conversation
animals definitely oh it's gotta be that
way do you ever feel different related
question that having a camera makes you
more present or less present in the
moment
oh yeah that's a good question so a few
years back I remember going through a
period where I didn't want to like be
taking photos and this is before I was
doing you to leave but I didn't want to
take photos and videos of things because
I felt like I was just experiencing my
life from behind a lens
but now it's become such a natural part
of my daily life that I kind of don't
even consciously think about the camera
being there so I just it's I feel like
I'm fully present in the moment and the
day which is cool yeah but you don't you
wouldn't trick up like a whole thing
just to get a yeah do some pretty crazy
things like do you find it hard daily
vlogging at exciting adventures every
day well today's kind of evident that is
hard to see this is LA highlight of my
day sitting in the hot dogs at 3:00 in
the morning most the days gone but yeah
it's hard sometimes to find interesting
enough stuff the day for day especially
when you're like you've got to do boring
things like admin so yeah it is
occasionally hard but I do try and plan
my travels and stuff so I can do as many
adventures and have as much fun as
for myself and also to share with you
guys do you think there'll be something
in ten years that trumps YouTube well
you never know it could be like another
app website which you know it helps
people capture their videos and yeah
like like you could tell stories yeah
yeah some way of capturing your store
your story with a video yeah that could
even be better than you G it could be
billing you to be cheaper and snapchat
you know maybe there were two people who
are working on it yeah this name sound
like Kui Lowell and McMiller yeah like
if that's something that you guys would
like then you know let us know maybe we
could look into these and like that
making an app that does that come yeah I
mean it could really become a
possibility yeah like like in two months
time from now potentially like yeah I
mean even so you know yeah so let us
know that sounds cool yeah hopefully
that was fun for you guys and I'm sure
we'll have plenty more question times in
the future so we hug we're going to
chill for a bit more now and catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live
