good morning guys is the second day of
our circumnavigation trip around the
world and we are in some Joseph Missouri
and we are heading back to their little
airport we actually were planning to
stay here
we ended up landing and then a storm
rolled in immediately by the lightning
thunder is a crazy storm anyway I think
the storms passed now and yeah
continuing olives to Boston where we're
gonna be meeting one of JP's pilot
friends he's gonna join us for a section
of our trip helping navigate the
Atlantic
back with Balu how you feeling this
morning JP ruff here
at the city departure to 1904 just they
have on out of st. Joseph's 3100
climbing for $9,500 you're less than an
hour from Fort Wayne which is where
we're gonna stop to refuel and it's kind
of like I guess like a halfway point to
Boston and we've just been cruised above
the clouds the whole way and it just be
so beautiful I'm just trying out a new
way of recorded that audio straight to
my iPhone so now we've got a backup in
case the GoPro audio is dodgy we've had
a few problems to the connector
now we need to make sure that we can
show up I just had to bro I saw you host
the big so I cut a deal with an issue
and they're not really spoiling but it's
still oh my gosh that's gonna happen a
lot of this Trevor thing when are we
going through the cloud left layer uh
well we're 140 miles away so I'll
probably start a decent about a hundred
miles away I'll be a gradual descent so
well I'll be cool come in free think now
it depends on one of the tower cares us
to be decent fit policy and it is like
halfway to busted about a third I would
say okay yeah I'll Park very quick just
a little cheeky luck to redefine
yeah it should be a big importer should
be able to get a courtesy car and then
quickly head off
it's weird cuz every time I've flown
alone I've got four courtesy cars but
with you every time there has been any
they look at me yeah they're like let's
talk give him a car
remember a zero echo uniform TURN RIGHT
heading one one zero for your face I
need you in tight you'll be in front of
a regional jet about 15 to the north one
one zero four tight right there
right sector is zero echo uniform right
turn I can contract round have a great
day all right Janet Olli to integrated
whoa Fort Wayne hello yeah okay we
haven't got long JP says we can stay
here like maximum 45 minutes before the
weather is gonna get too bad for us to
leave here today so I'm gonna run in oh
I need my laptop I'm gonna run in charge
my laptop and grab some food then yeah
then we need to take up for you
I've helped people actually brought mine
absolutely right we can't stick around
for long
so just literally got the fuel in okay
to 1:03 uniform for departure radar
contact turn left on course protocol
SPLC left on causing climb to the you
requested the tank has no fuel in it
right now so it won't really pressure us
at no air in it so one really pressurize
on its own okay that's the problem with
flying alone and Richard actually I mean
empty Richard actually recommended we
don't fly empty yeah it was so much air
in there that's gonna expand and it
spoke to the brim right now both hopeful
for me and I was a lovely long runway
and we're gonna get a lot of those
runways on the big departures so what am
I really heavy so that's reassuring to
know that that's cool
I'm just going down a little bit to see
what its gonna do down there yeah if I
can see further ahead than we proceed if
not I'm gonna go that somewhere okay
I like how you observe things them like
with a ferry tank you're pretty much on
it already in I like it I'm wondering by
the end of the trip whether I want to
like actually get the pilot thing I I
just don't know whether I'd the right
kind of person do I made a boo-boo be
brutal yeah I don't think you should be
a pilot I don't you'll kill yourself
very quickly I think I haven't got the
character traits for a pilot not even
remotely
no I agree you're really really physical
rough on things you're all over the
place all the time like it's not just
disorganization but it was a 4-0
beautiful yeah we've got about all miles
busier just precip that's about it yeah
I think mainly is just being regimented
and being very like having systems of
control like none of that's part of my
lifestyle discipline like that this is
less flying as 90% discipline yeah 10%
skill are bad only
Hamilton unique are getting Hamilton
traffic - technically boatman bound
nowhere on a wolf
extended right base for three five level
to tower up ever - I'm sorry gonna fall
final 3 5 .
well it's fun well it wasn't really it
got scary towards the end so I decided
to rather divert and I've landed in in
Hamilton so I'm going to wait here till
it clears up it might be a while and
this is the problem with flying long
distance without weather information on
borders you just can't see what's gonna
happen but this is what we landed for
yesterday and I thought it would be well
clear by now by the time we reach you
but we've just had a 60 knot tailwind so
we've just hammered along and I'll keep
you updated with what we do yeah it
doesn't look like we're gonna get
anywhere today
oh so it's it's nice to meet you on the
phone Matt it's Louie here looking
forward to me meeting you face to face
well we're safely on the ground even the
storms rolling in we didn't quite get to
Boston but we're in Hamilton New York
this tiny little town and we're just
gonna wait out the storm probably won't
be able to fly again until tomorrow
morning the weather hasn't been entirely
on our side on this trip across the
country but it's you know that's just a
part of flying that's one of the things
that we need to be patient with during
our flight around the world there's
going to be times where we're gonna be
grounded for days probably JP's just
tying the plane down in case it gets too
windy
the rain has calmed down a little bit or
at least there's a little break in the
rain so we can um walk to the nearest
motel which is almost a mile away but it
was either that or wait around for a
taxi or something you're gonna do it
barefoot and we're leaving Balu here
tied down hopefully he'll be okay for
the night well you're lucky there was a
motel like less than a mile away to
water right JB's asleep I'm gearing up
for a long night of editing I'm just
gonna go down and try place some coffee
and then yeah on to Boston tomorrow it's
it's taking a little bit longer than
planned but that's fine as long as we're
staying safe catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life
you
