well I had a bit of a lion this morning
and me and Darcy are now walking up to
meet my parents and we're having a
barbecue with some family friends we're
just about to be club before then I
thought I'd do some back somersaults on
this trampoline I found Ryan let's
barbecue we had a delicious lunch
together and now strolling back there's
quite a lot to do before I go away to LA
tomorrow my parents are back my dad's
about to show me a quick way to water a
garden
what's the quick way to pour a garden
dad well you just watch and wait and see
okay okay
it's making something that's just a
choice so that's really fun so I've been
waiting all day to hear back from the
guy who bought the boat from last night
and he finally got back and said his
wife's gonna be in that he's in Scotland
or something so I'm gonna go meet Dave
we're gonna go and get our boat hey Dave
yeah all this money we're gonna pay with
cash for this boat it's not too much
13-under than something and actually
fund emeritus know where we found it
here he is we see see how we can get
them out now
how's it looking Dave that's actually
quite fun sighs so just push the boat
out just raise up the bat board with the
lights yeah we've got we got something
indicator Dave we have a boat bro oh
yeah
do it again to get in the toilet this is
where the boat is mentally but it's a
good sign
me and Dave we've never told a boat
before so we really don't know what's
gonna happen we just hope he doesn't
like come free and roll down a hill and
smash into a car how's he handling Dave
it's all good until he comes free he
wants to break loose and I just I'm
worried Oh basically every time we their
little bump the boats flying all over
the place we're hearing rattling banging
well we've arrived at the place we're
gonna park here we just need to go and
double-check there's enough space but
she survived the journey she survived
without breaking or falling off Dave
what you saying open up so I think we
should do it
see when I get back from LA so the boats
been dropped top and me and Dave really
we're package so we're going to one of
our favorite old school favorite curry
houses and services these Cynthia it was
always hard part capture the nervous
feelings
you hungry Dave yeah man just for a
little snack you've already had dinner
I got a healthy portion of rice and
chicken tikka masala nice I went for the
vindaloo what they think I'm gonna
regret the weight is serving us and he
wouldn't go further in lift you up
all right dessert time I got coconut
supreme I'm very excited about this is
coconut ice cream in a coconut shell got
a little coffee save you're gonna share
some like lotion our supreme with me now
thank you so guys I haven't eaten him
probably for 10 years and the food is
still incredible and great value if any
of you live mr. come and check it out
East India it's kind of near the train
station train stations down that way
Dave is off it's been a pleasure Dave do
you not see enough weeks well that's a
fun evening with Dave it's good to
actually get the boat bought and
collected before I head off to LA
tomorrow morning I haven't really packed
or anything yet but I do that first
thing and Steve is kindly offered to
give me a lift to the airport it's only
it's for sleep and guys tomorrow for our
journey to America
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
you
