oh it's just gone 6:45 in the morning
and we're all heading down to jump on a
boat we're going out to visit a whale
shark
I'm so excited guys of what it did for
so long
time to get on the boat
we stopped the bike because we found a
whale shot we've actually found after
workshops you can spot them their fins
just poking out the water
whale sharks are massive it's hard to
sell them that is a fish
how's that Oh God like we're lucky to
got one that was lazy
we were just went nice is kind of the
whole time so cool it's like looks like
a leopard but it's a whale it's for such
a giant animal it has a good tiniest
little eyeballs yeah I need gill struck
the whales it look like sharks look like
leopards and I don't know their clothes
from it I think it's my new fit this is
my nuclear workout it's definitely
swimming with whale sharks look hard
it's really hard but just clarify their
sharks not like the whale shark just
dived and left moving they'd eat on the
surface you know - it's straight down ya
need to follow it
oh I love whaleshark cycle calm okay
guys chilly so actually I've kind of got
used to the wood hay you will know you
guys gave me good footage yeah I think
so
I'm exhausted guys well shot since we're
really fast
ah how's that in a day seriously
seriously so as I say yesterday guys the
timing to do this well shot dive is
perfect because I'm just on the verge of
hitting a million subscribers and I
thought what better way to celebrate
than to be the number one thing on my
bucket list
it was incredible so I just wanted to
thank you guys for coming on my
adventures of me and without you guys
none of this would be possible so thank
you so much for subscribing and
hopefully we'll have many more years of
adventuring the globe together
you
right go back to the hotel and yes they
are tweeted out that I was here and if
anyone in Cancun when it's gone say
hello they could come down so fifty
people have shown up hello
guys the deans off she has to go and
catch a flight back to Canada it's been
amazing
guys look at this cool bracelet Alex
made for me she like wrote k√•nken on it
and like weaved it together thank you no
way this is awesome I don't think it's
no I don't thing is going to trip with a
boy let me know yeah that my head so big
it doesn't fit okay this is Mexican
candy and I don't know what it is but
pellets for you it's supposed supposed
to be like a crane but when I squeeze it
up squeeze it
what what is that it's going make you
think of new definition I don't know to
eat that whoa this one's like a needle I
don't know what do I do with that one I
feel like it's good mama it's not going
to do it whether it what is this the
color green girls trying to eat Mexican
chocolate lipstick mommy no no don't
have too much no with that thing right
now we should make a video like Gringo's
whoa hit the chili that's serious what
is I don't have no idea what this is a
weirdest candy I've ever eaten each
other sound Lucas
oh whoa and that is not sweet everyone's
fine is very amusing okay well we just
finished our lovely meet up with lots of
lovely Mexican people
bye nice to meet you all
yeah we're gonna go get some food now we
haven't had lunch
hungry
yeah
thank you guys I got chicken for here
again for lunch today I think this is my
favorite Mexican chicken for here
Royer finish lunch now mark and Alex off
these guys next been awesome spin also
second and Leslie the first
congratulations on their Thanks thank
you guys millions do it
have a nice flight back to the US oh
what an amazing day so far I for the
first time in days I'm able to just
chill now and just sit down catch up
people on skype get some videos edited
and behind I've got to finish editing
yesterday's video and get that uploaded
and just just relax I think I'm going to
relax for the rest of the day but I just
want to show you my view again guys's
this is just so every check this out
right it's dinner time I'm here with my
friend
Kerwin who I haven't actually probably
introduced you to yet but you've seen
him in the videos the last couple of
days he was like breaking open those
almonds yesterday and we are sharing a
little cool travel stories also whilst
he said you need to go check out his
blog you runs a travel blog and also
does some videos and stuff so I'll link
with us below we're having a lovely meal
together and we'll just audits both the
same thing this is the fish of the day
what's fishes difficult it's there might
be my Cajun style
Oh peas and stuff this way this isn't
over
guys check out my dessert how incredible
is that
cheers Caleb sure oh yeah this is
awesome
well it's into the night and I've
actually got quite a lot of stuff done
this evening and I'm still in disbelief
of how close I am to million subscribers
and like I saying earlier today I just
can have done it without you guys
you are what makes this channel and I'm
so glad to be able to share my life and
travels with you and there's so much
more of the world to explore together
I'm going to sleep now tomorrow I'm
heading back to the UK but in the
morning I potentially have another fun
activity planned and then it's going to
be a close call to get my flight
the usual isn't it all right peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
