hi my name is Alexander I live in Moscow
and you're watching fun for Lily
your bro here oh man man UN down hard
Louie bro the ground change oh it
changed you had the most hectic speed
wobble I've ever seen have you broken
anything LOI have you see have you
broken anything no I think my skin okay
muffler
yeah you look you're missing a lot of
skin broke folder can you roll over you
want to look there he just absolutely
bombed on this whole hill speed wobbled
for about all this and then skidded
along here boy there's some of your skin
bro you've lost a little bit of skin
there oh there we should just dive into
the garage any whining you do that no
the ground change right I hear it said
hurriedly I didn't how did you not
follow literally I love it oh I've met I
don't have ever been that fast on anyone
you were pinging out you must have been
doing for a boy bought directly for him
on that tree I felt my legs yeah they
were doing this and I was like I cannot
stack I cannot stack bronies need to
chill for a little bit hey guys yeah
fucking advice in a car I'm in a lot of
pain guys my oh I forgot that I Betty
look at this bit here I oh that's
probably a bad idea I'm gonna say bad
idea yeah they look like look at
flippity other side Louie what and
there's another one I
he's quite beat he's quite they look
like there's a stick on ones from
Halloween
yeah man you got a graze to live the
event I think I thought I felt like I
rolled but I think I just Liz yeah you
didn't roll ah I feel like I could I'm
at the risk of going into shock quite
badly like oh right Louie went downhill
pretty quickly since he got in the car
starts shaking
breathing really quickly he's gone into
shock so now we've come to Amy you know
that's right but the club yeah here is
not the one gonna pass out
Oh also didn't oh I think I did because
you know it felt like about 30 30
seconds from where we left to get it
done with 10 minutes
great felt like that it's fall asleep is
always like world and in and out but I
feel auspiciously yeah now you know
where the adrenaline
Kayal right that is the same because
like over let's get the bad but this
little network
melodia craving salty boys I'm alive my
Garf hospital I was in there for three
and a half hours got some painkillers go
getting Cody and apparently I'm allergic
to codeine had a severe allergic
reaction that's all I might always have
puffed up I had a rash well like my body
is all crazy
yeah
I actually passed out on the way to
hospital I think I don't know but I was
like going into severe shock it's been
the class it's quite eventful night
really still feel really spaced out and
Steve's kindly driving us home
thanks Steve I definitely don't drive in
this state definitely got close good
morning guys
I think it's got a little bit crazy last
night um my face is still really swollen
I must look hilarious yeah today is
going to be interesting
we're supposed to be going to this award
ceremony tonight but I know if I'm able
to make it I'm gonna try and receive in
let series get sorted out and yeah don't
skateboard down steep hills in the
bestop ice all I'm saying I've been
recovering all day and I just dressed up
for this awards evening tonight and then
Scully come pick me up
dropping the train station I'm gonna go
meet Steve and Charlie's gonna be fun
night heydon't been good man yeah here
Emily we're tired last time is pretty
late one was an air quotes for you and
your skateboarding antics stroke
thanks looking on email these days guys
been literally Ben and Steve were
literally like taking care of me I think
I might be dead with other be dead you
just still be in that field or promote
sober
you
ha
I'm almost at the awards evening but
I've missed Steve winning the prize he
won the best male fashion bloggers love
mister but I'm going to be there in five
minutes right finally arrived let's go
find Steve and congratulate him Steve
what happened bro
but I want man you won we send about out
yes man best male style blog obviously
can't leave are you doing oh boy
you having a good night
r10 loving
sigh costs
I love your outfit tonight it's amazing
taking out guys
so this event it's been pretty fun I've
just been like meeting loads around the
people it's like networking and all of
that and I just met this girl Charlotte
she won an award what did you win
I was accredited for Best Newcomer
passive style cool she's got a cool blog
cool blog blog
most people hear bloggers and enter
there's many bloggers here but I'm
learning a lot about the blogging world
tonight why congratulations Steve man so
much sync but it's not now let's have a
look look I honestly cannot lie I saw a
good throw
I'm amazed I'm so happy I'm very very
happy thank you to everyone especially
for me I really really appreciated we
have had a fun evening I'm really tough
for Steve we're now getting a train back
home because I need to rest and recover
a little bit more we got some goodie
bags and we've got some drinks but
they've got like the Botox office he's
gonna show me a little trick how to get
the bottle here
yeah buddy at the bottom yeah yes Oh
what I give me that bow chair Steve you
just need to open yours now we're in a
delicious
I think of managed to hang in there
today and still get out the house and
see Steve and Charlie and stuff which is
good but I think I'll have a chill when
tomorrow maybe just trying to recover
and then I think in a few days I need to
head off to LA for VidCon next week so
I'm just going to try and rest up and
let these wounds heal right catch you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
