I mean my name's Mel from Elko videos
I'm from Melbourne Australia hope you
have an epic day of you doing something
awesome have fun and you're watching
papa Louie
all right we have arrived
for the second day of team X and we
slept well last night I got another good
night's sleep
we had a below with a lion we missed the
keynote speech this morning we don't
either
really engages like sitting down in
front of a big stage but we're going to
check out some little seminars right now
so this morning I've been checking out
some cool seminars and learning quite a
lot stuff actually and now it's
lunchtime again and it's this little
buffet this food is pretty good right a
finished lunch I had another good chat
with another color Tool Company about
projects they're doing around the world
and now we're walking into another
seminar
see what this guys have to say about
travel blogging that was fascinating
guys I just went to a really good
seminar I haven't been feeling the
seminars up until now but this one was
actually really cool a guy was speaking
who runs a really successful travel blog
and I just chatted to him and we're
gonna have a little chat later and the
know it's got some really cool ideas
about ways to travel and he's like a
travel photographer and stuff so I think
there's a lot I can learn from him they
want to get on my game with my
photography and stuff because I love
Instagram
but I am freezing cold guys this
conference centre is just like the turn
the air going up to the max and I'm yeah
I'm fine handle this so I think I'm
gonna venture outside and maybe even
find a little hot tub
I can't it has to get a coffee guys just
to keep me warm I just needed a hot
drink to keep warm
I'm now gonna I'm gonna have a cheeky
little Skype call with Nick now and I
didn't know a country accent I don't
know whether he's battling the other
whether he's in Greece
guys look is Nick pater neck where are
you right now I'm in Greece
yes broth I've been watching your
Instagram bro it looks insane and your
snapchats guys if you haven't if you
haven't followed Nick on Instagram you
need to go follow him on Instagram
because he's got the sickest photos from
Greece and and Ange as well and an F
snapchat I'll link it all below when are
we going to Swit when am I gonna see you
next Thursday
yeah it's Nick's birthday on Thursday we
will have to do something cool
let's do it right I'll catch you later
bye it's that time guys it's time for
hot tub mr. kuzey time
what is the bar in the poll
we believe we have snuck yet basically
I'm just - over
oh here we go
guys it's like paradise here this is
such an amazing resort so we're taking a
little stroll down the beach because
someone told me that they're releasing
baby sea turtles and we think we've
spotted there's a group of people over
there things spotted them I love turtles
I'm excited time to go in the sea baby
so we didn't have long we have basically
given the little turtles and then we
have to put him straight in the sea and
and then they've swam out so it's all
over really quickly
unfortunately I hope those little guys
alright it's a big sea
it's big and dangerous see out there
right with the resort food I think maybe
Asian for you is like 55 restaurants
they're too much choice
we check out the venue if not less we
probably go back and get Savion I'm not
sure I think this would be - wouldn't
let me in with the best
that's bollocks
guys check this out this is deep-fried
ice cream we finished our delicious meal
and now we're headed outside because
there's this fire show going on we don't
really know what it is but there's a
stage over here there's music and stuff
this is called sketching out
dodge that fire show was awesome so
awesome I was there I didn't know
there's that many ways you could like
fling fire around there's like five
different types of nunchucks they have
of something crazy I don't know I don't
even know what they could very
impressive
so that was the last day of the travel
conference I know so it's pretty good I
think I learnt quite a lot of stuff and
loved interesting tips on travel
blogging and just generally traveling
which I've definitely use it was also
amazing to to see the resort and I think
the highlight for me we've seen those
little baby turtles now I know a lot of
you may be concerned because typically
you're not supposed to interfere with
turtles finding their way to the sea it
can kind of mess up their orientation
and that understanding the beach and
there's various risks to them but that
particular group of turtles I didn't
really explain earlier it's a
conservation group and they have to
rescue turtle eggs that are kind of at
risk of being destroyed or poached and
they have to the eggs get hatched in
kind of a captive situation and they
have to be hand released back into the
sea so I know the group there they're
doing a lot of cool stuff with sea
turtles and a lot of sponsored staff and
they work with a lot of tourists because
this is a super touristy area and kind
of to raise money for conservation work
and though they were big on like not
causing too much trauma to the turtles
and all that so I just wanted to
reassure some of you that may have been
concerned but yeah it's been it's been
good and good today
and I'm really looking forward to
tomorrow we're going to explore some
alien ruins for a few days we're
visiting various ruins and I think we
get to climb a main pyramid tomorrow we
have to get up at like 5:30 in the
morning so I'm gonna head to bed and
I'll see you in the morning for another
fun day of Mexico peace out enjoy life
and it'll be a bitch
