he came to you today I'm on my way up to
London and I'm gonna catch her with a
friend I haven't seen in a couple years
and then my sister's got an event on
tonight where she's singing which was
fun I also think been in the kola'
London trot me over there I've got my
coffee and I I'm hitting quite a bit
traffic is it's actually the Queen's
birthday today which I saw in the TV
earlier there was like the b-52 bombers
and Spitfires and the red arrows flew
over London which is a shame we missed
that but Cheers Queenie cheers Lizzie
happy birthday
spend about 2 hours in the car driving
up and I'm in Stoke Newington which is
like North East London right this popped
into my friends vinyl library where they
rent out vinyl and it's amazing vinyl
collection checkers now preserving the
culture of vinyl it's important guys
well I was just walking around Osten
market it's really nice catch not with
my friends Ellie and you haven't seen it
for a couple of years but she was just
telling me about the project I showed
you quickly her final library thing I
used to DJ myself you may not know that
but I did and I did actually beat a
vinyl back in the day as well and it's
nice to see someone investing in
preserving that culture I'm now heading
to Shoreditch I'm gonna go hang out with
band in the coal and then on to hang out
my sister but it's nice it's nice that
the rain stopped
I've arrived at Fox Park and I say it's
gonna find Ben in the cola now I think
they're just chillin on there right now
with Ben in the car hey how's your day
being so yes yeah
you enjoy scoping out some of the
locations for this oh yeah I don't know
if I've showed you guys but I think I
told you a while ago actually about me
you'd better do this project it's going
fun we don't show what they were filming
yet but you'll see Larry in the way
despite everyone's watching the football
I'm not really in splittable but I like
the vibe
me and Nicole have gone for that wander
to this venue my sister's singing at
Ben's had to make a Skype call I think
he's going to catch up with us we just
need to find it now things around here
somewhere right we found the venue and
Hillary when are you going on
we have just left the venue that
Hilary's been singing out you did so
well hell how did you find that yeah
good
I forgot their wagon the cover song I
did but that's fine as long as you
remember the lyrics cheering so yeah it
was really nice it was like it was nice
to have enough people there as well say
I've done gigs where you just played to
a few people but actually it was a good
crowd
yeah it's good it's a goodbye goodbye
and I'll catch you guys later but I'm
gonna link some of Hillary's like social
things a SoundCloud stuff so you can go
and show some love we found this to
little Caribbean restaurant so we're
going to sit down this looks amazing
wait how excited are you guys
guys or platter arrived doesn't some
excitement Hillary's off an atom atoms
rushing home to watch the football the
England in English played you Austin
tonight health that's right
see like lovely and look who's arrived
Darcy and the friends and we're just
trying to figure out where to go guys I
didn't explain earlier basically bump
this is some homeless guys this is the
area where that goes spot you stole my
boy back from like three weeks ago and
we're gonna go down to Britt Lane and
see if we can find this guy and I might
question it and now welcome to Brick
Lane where Lois will be performing the
scaffolding didgeridoo
yes
so keep my eyes peeled
this guy could just be chillin down here
somewhere
civic inspire but we've had a little
look around for this guy Sparky again
but no luck no luck
well the England Italy getting me
started
me and Ben on I'm watching it but I
thought I'd stop and get a little coffee
get us needed the toilet we actually
found a nice little hotel lobby to say
so this out walk the bus a powerful
thing opinion stores yeah we jump back
Rodney and we're going for a little
nighttime drive around London jumped out
and we're going for a little stroll
along the river and we're just admiring
how the London Eye looks like the the
English flag tonight support the
football game
how creative
normal Larry normal Larry no there
wasn't a mouse
right these two are off it's nice
hanging out for like guys loving and
let's see like five I'm on my phone well
it's not very same sleep right I'm back
about to have to sleep such a good day
today so good seeing Hillary singing and
like I said earlier go and give her some
support
follow her links and yeah tell her what
you think of her voice I think she
should go for it I think she should go
for it with her music and singing and
yeah it's gonna be good day tomorrow's
Father's Day and that's a family time
I'll see you then
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
