hello I'm this man and I'm from Turkey
and you're watching fun for Louie good
morning guys I managed to get to our
sleep and I have just packed my bag I've
decided for Mexico not going to take my
little trundle bag thing I'm going to
pack everything into my camera case
which I rarely use but I managed to get
all my clothes and all my camera bits
and bobs and then my little bag I think
that's enough for a week and Ben is just
arrived he's waiting outside for me so
we better go my mom
yo man man thanks mom to get me this
early yeah
we're going in a car park and Ben's
gonna come in and have a coffee with me
cuz I just realized I'm not gonna see
him again until South Africa Shana is
worse off the man
walsim in Mexico he's gonna head off on
his adventures I need a copy and I'm not
sitting in that traffic yeah that's true
lost come for your bed until Canada
enjoy Mexico
thanks and why dogs baby I'll try not to
get rabies bye guys the most random
thing
so when to check in for my flight I've
got a woman there to meet me and then
she's like yes this way sir don't like
escort it through the fast-track brought
into this like really nice lounge area
she's like oh we've also upgraded you to
Premium Economy
and I was not lying she's like you're
very well known this is person ever ever
crazy
thanks Thompson air and the parents a
new plane as well so I think I'll have
like nice a TV a hopefully a power and
stuff
okay thanks
thank you
from that
go seven or freeze our way
what do you think like a bear captain
that gave me so much
the windows 10 electronically tinted
windows that's nuts
I like this lighting as well get a mood
lighting
fell asleep a little bit at some food
and watch the movie and now I'm having
little tourism play just met some of the
covering crew and it has been shown a
closer look at how these windows work so
no playing windows they have the shutter
there but these are clever technology
and basically just got this is one dial
and you can basically click this button
then the window changes color up here
and we've got all different lighting but
the cabin so
for example we can do
are you okay to the neck
it is really to write website that's ten
we want to make it a more calmer
environment just as you would at a
dinner party you know turn on a few
lamps just like to do handle salads but
mood mood lighting completely I just got
a little coffee we've been having a nice
little chat I've been learning a lot
about Airlines is there the crew here
hey and I'm gonna go back down till fill
up then we'll see that is a gentleman
very warm welcome to cocaine where the
local time is 5 to 2 in the afternoon
and then outside temperature is 31
degrees
so I've made friends with the crew and
they've kindly let me have a little tour
of the plane after everyone's left so
I've never done this before never let
look around and like I said before this
like a brand new plane so listen
but a magic door in the middle that
splits in half so if we put a disabled
passenger we can get a wheelchair in
that one oh you know I've never seen
that before
it's just sure and then there's a queue
the other side oh that's cool so this is
the cruise oh there oh cool they've got
their own beds
do you ever that person just sleep of it
oh no no unfortunately you there it's
CAA regulations wow that's one of the
nicest slice of ever hat Thomson air
thank you that's great and did not built
you 10 hour flight I could stayed on the
plane I was like it's over ready I think
doesn't make a difference having a
biggest see more legroom definitely I
feel kind of crap
right it's gonna explore max eventually
Brazil take night I just got a SIM card
in five minutes in Mexico five minutes
other country to learn how to do that
now I have internet straightaway
got this
I have just got the bus which is taking
me into the center of town
now walking to an apartment I'm staying
it with the Dean and the back rubbers
Martin Alex
shut up on the way there now
five arrived this is the house of
staying in but I'm waiting to get let in
I'm trapped behind the iron gate I've
got my kitty hello cat this is our pad
since in the next few days this is
pretty cool
I've actually got this little pullout
bed and I think this is where I'm
sleeping and I think we can have some
fun it's very warm very humid in Mexico
pool and you can't drink the tap water
so come on over here so I've been
chilling this afternoon get some work
done video stuff now these guys are
right back there little day trip then
hazard a bit
new wonders in the world that she should
eat so I was amazing beautiful Mayan
city after using with all the different
list though you don't know if it's a
week a new wonder the hold one natural
wonders alone but it was that day and
what where we had to know yes
Arnie have a massive food here food
first then we derive this little like
travel blogging networking qualify big
will travel massive
like filling are these
we'll just be being a lot of other
fellow travelers around the world but
jetlag is kicked in and I am shattered
guides like I think five in the morning
you came time now and
that's like the weird
we're back and we're heading to beds and
we're just discussing when we should
wake up's we need to leave at 6:45 I
think we could do 6:15 I can do 6:30 but
we don't miss them yeah getting the
maximum el sleeping and so the plan is
tomorrow guys we're going scuba diving
in some caves that's all I really know
and it's pounding it incredible but it's
a very early morning start so I'll catch
you then peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
