good morning guys today it's the day
that we're gonna fly around the world
we're in Kernan Valley Airport it's 6:00
a.m. he's just behind me here getting
the plane ready and yeah we're gonna be
flying across the country today I don't
know how far we'll get but we're gonna
try and get as far as possible I'm
feeling as excited as I have been every
single day this week super pumped
obviously wanna be supportive for JP
because it's kind of the burdens on him
he's the pilot and he's feeling the
pressure a bit but yeah I'm hoping today
goes well he said there's a few concerns
because it's kind of stormy over some of
the mountains all there's a potential
for bad weather but and that's what
we're trying to get off early before the
heat comes in and there and weather
picks up and then hopefully this
afternoon it all goes well or goes to
plan we might be able to coincide with
the total solar eclipse it's happening
over the states today so yeah it's gonna
be a very very good day
hey we're ready to go this is James he
gave us a ride into town last night and
offered kindly to come by this morning
with some coffee to send us off he is
our send-off party we didn't really plan
much ahead because we didn't know
exactly which day we were able to leave
and I don't know we've been
concentrating on other stuff so we
didn't get anyone down here to send us
off but I'm glad you came James thank
you I'm glad you guys are yeah and are
you gonna be around in the 10th of
November to see us all right absolutely
fantastic
fantastic how you feeling JP to be
honest I'm just focused on the phone
right now yeah and there's really nasty
weather on the way so okay you're just
focused that's the face of pure focus
leaf of nice and cool this morning at
night
sweltering yeah I don't think so it's
the well there's not too much white
maybe let's see how about preparing for
it huh let's do this
around the world baby around the world
like that so we're thankful me when I
have to wait on the ground like it gets
my anxiety up so much but once we get in
the air
okay it's a slightly anticlimactic start
to the trip because we've had to land at
a nearby airport just to refuel because
there wasn't any fuel at Weekend Valley
Airport but after this I'm thinking
we're gonna be in the air for quite a
while JB's gonna fill up the ferry tank
the big 40 gallon ferry tank and then
both wing tanks and then we've got yeah
very very long flight today we've just
been looking on the little map JP she's
been showing me there's some storms that
we need to avoid so we're gonna kind of
fly around them I'm feeling particularly
good for this time in the morning
obviously it's a very exciting day so
I'm gonna make sure I use the facilities
here before we take off because there's
no toilet on the plane as you probably
are aware a lot of you've been asking
what happens if we need the toilet
mid-flight well if it's a number one we
should be okay because we've got we've
got empty bottles to use here it's a
number two there is a way for that to
happen but it's obviously not gonna be
pleasant for anyone on the plane no
we'll just hope that doesn't come to it
the only time I can imagine I mean this
is gross talking about but the only time
I can imagine is if one of us gets
really ill and has kind of a bad dodgy
stomach and we can't land anywhere but
let's hope that doesn't happen
so guys I got a little timetable here
with all the locations and times of this
solar eclipse and JP's saying we'll
probably be around Jefferson City
Missouri in time to see it this is the
heaviest the plane gonna be for a while
so did that takeoff give you reassurance
for oh yeah if we if we're taking on
from sea level because we had 3,500
density altitude out there if we're
taking off at sea level and we're at the
weight that we were there now we'd have
no problem whatsoever
where are we right now morover oh my god
no wait look
this is Kay nap down here and I cycled
this road and if we look so that's cane
ma put the video on my channel where I
talk about living a life of candor yeah
show you right now I filmed right there
right prick it there on that hillside Oh
can't see the TV eclipse yet well you
need a photograph of but there's some
yeah yeah you have a filter on there and
II know I never got big enough did we
have wow we got about four hours four
and a half hours left until we land
again but yeah I'm pretty pretty like my
excitement level is building like a
little bit of that once or now enroute
stuff I know it'll come in again at some
point but it'll to go up so that's
always with my grand adventures is it
it's almost like a bipolar experience
because I have these massive highs and
lows yeah our life story's a bit of a
roller coaster I know but these trips
tend to be more of that which is kind of
what I love about them too is you can
actually with the 10 minutes be
completely happy and everything's going
great and then everything is just go
wrong so what other things you need to
be careful of guys is one of the signs
of altitude
hypoxia hypoxia is like feeling super
happy but I've kind of been like super
happy anyway so I don't know whether it
is whether I'm happy because I'm big
stuff of oxygen or whether I know we're
not now an altitude where there'll be an
issue today but we might at some point
get there
so that was eight hours we did we just
completed eight hours no toilet break
myself the fuel trucks just coming over
to help us fuel up what else I'm glad
all the stickers are still on they
survived an eight-hour flight or even
went through some rain looking good oh I
just saw a lightning strike so the plan
was we were just gonna stop here for
fuel and then carry on that JP what's
what's going on we're not going anywhere
this is weather radar right now I mean
in theory we could try and weave our way
through that but that's just looking for
trouble like this could just close up in
any moment or anything and considering
we're going to be doing this in the dark
bad idea so I'm calling it we're not
going anywhere say looks like we staying
here tonight
yeah when we came in none of this
existed Wow and it just just came in so
this is nasty weather we should be fine
it'll just be an early morning tomorrow
so the people here have kindly offered
to take our plane into their hangar to
protect it from the incoming storm
Wow so kind of them isn't it like I just
said it to my caroling people that we
are meeting on this trip and the last
four five days
we've been so helpful
everyone I think people just love the
idea of what we're doing that we're
going around the world and like
instantly they're like no way like we
won they're like help in some way I'm
getting a ride into town the rain is
really coming down now crazy absolutely
crazy okay here we go
thanks so much for giving us a ride and
sound
guys look how nice our room is literally
we were just expecting to stay in a
expecting to stay in a motel this is
quite an upgrade from where we were
sleeping last night in the 10 and go we
can't pick up the kind couple from the
airport
yeah managed to get us this room for $75
and it's normally $300 tonight because
of the eclipses today and stuff so if
you're watching guys thank you
this up right I'm gonna probably edit
for a few more hours and then get some
sleep it's only 11:00 p.m. so it's
simple a bit of time I think the plan is
we're gonna head off first thing and do
another kind of mammoth flying day and
try and make it all the way to Boston it
won't go it's not gonna be as long as we
flew today but it's another long flight
and then who we meeting in Boston JP now
we're meeting Matt girl's mother who
some of you might know was the youngest
person to have flown around the world I
think it was 2014 that he flew around
he's a good friend and because this is
my first time crossing the any ocean
really I thought it would be wise to
bring a wise soul on board and Matt's a
cool dude so yeah he's gonna join us
from tomorrow onwards hanging out with
us and he's gonna help me get used to
the whole I guess crossing oceans Rick
Merrill he's got plenty of experience
cool well I know I've never met him
either so I'm looking forward to meeting
him and yeah we're gonna be sharing
quite a bit of time together in the
plane all of us
alright catch you guys in the morning
early morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
Adventure Bay
