oh yeah I'm calling it from TA and
you're watching fan for Louie enjoy good
morning guys
we have come down into Brighton this
morning and we're going to get some
breakfast with Martha's nyami at Bill's
open for breakfast
good morning
I don't usually see the morning I'm a
little jealous they offer fiends I
didn't get any so I just ordered some
pour over the top probably finished
breakfast and we're now heading out I
think
Alfie's gone out for some lunch having
to finish breakfast and the rest of us I
don't know we've got little things to do
thing we're going to wander around Brian
such a nice day
so good how you doing Marcus I'm really
haven't seen you in a while bro you're
staying tonight - yeah scary fellow
scary and how I hat was great oh man is
it looked and looked amazing
yeah it was beautiful I really want to
go drinks just randomly stopped at a
t-shirt and they've got tea samples
you draw that that's nice it tastes like
I'm eating you know one of those pillows
lavender once you fit in the monument
like eat up
yeah eatin that the pervs I love free
samples right
I'll beat up for a couple of hours so
hungry enjoy your Nando's bro so here I
need to try and get my glasses fixed and
I need to try and get an adapter for a
camera but I didn't manage to get my
lens adapter but I did boil it another
strap which is a little bit less kind of
uh Vivian cinnamon yeah like that orange
one was it's cool but it's a little bit
too much so this is cool it's been
myself what works Specsavers now see if
I can get my um
glass is fixed oh you look very cool Zoe
with those closest look like a
headmistress I'm thinking these are very
very
I'm thinking these ones with a glitter
we have arrived at HMV and we are
apparently buying a horror film to watch
tonight
I mean your souls I'm not a fan of
horror film definitely not a fan of
horror films so I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna do it
I've just got a really vivid like
graphical yeah memory like I just if
it's to visually horror do not like it
thumbs I like I want to make the jump
we're still looking for horror movies we
found any good ones yet I don't know
we've got has it who's seen that other
way yeah I've seen that is it good yeah
it's good I've never seen oh I want to
get it just like yeah you should have
let us know for the future next time we
do a horror movie night what some good
horror movie
oh that's lovely oh that's nice I know
the guys check out this ceiling light I
like this a lot
that's cool right
me and Marcus have popped into prep
coffee slack the girls are still
shopping oh look how healthy Marcus's oh
so healthy
this is on your health thing yet how's
your Nando's healthy
I just got halloumi now is it everyone
else one our friends are not shown back
up to a whole chicken hot two bushes
chips double rice everything yeah you're
not saying it just really like that I
know you're a little Fupa yeah literally
so Marcus and I may have dropped me off
to another Specsavers I'm just going to
wander down there drink up my glasses
finally fixed for a head off and then I
think we're meeting back up with Alfie
Zoe in a bit that today has just been
such a nice day like usually when I'm
shopping I feel like a bit stressed out
it's like not enjoyable but because it's
been so relaxed I've been hanging out
all those guys like she's been the
nicest day so far nice no joke that took
about two minutes they just gave me a
brand new frame my glasses oh I can see
again I can see we are back at Zoe's and
before we head out over two months nine
leads tonight to watch horror films
we're going to chill here for a little
bit and Alfie to show me something you
do I have no idea what it is is this
what is it I don't get it
guys you know what these are
Oh what so I put it over there and it
all goes in that when you open your hand
bullfighter okay Oh
oh wow
oh it just arrived at Marcus Naomi's and
we're going to get ready for some pizza
oh you what mussels in candles lit
Marcus water lay what pizza did you
order me Marcus
so I'm a little bit scared because
though is like Oh something spicy and
chicken so I was on the phone to him I
was like oh yes Linux place the chicken
exactly haven't got any chicken because
they ran out of chicken right so here's
like we've got these two spicy ones he's
like we can do half and half so I looked
on the website one of them sounds really
good it was like fresh chilies yeah um
sure it's so pepperoni so I was like I
think you're definitely that's I get
that and I was like I know new you like
really really hot stuff so the other
half
I don't know rush it's pretty much just
wait basically hung ghost chili no guys
chill and what cooked goes chili ok says
it's gonna be is their hottest piece of
but he said it's like if people like hot
stuff he said it's like ok well give it
a go so I'm like I'm pretty scared if
you're gonna hate it then turning it up
we'll give it a go good part we show
mark is a snap it game ready oh you got
it use oh yeah the wall the wall that
one face that way
Pizza has arrived and this is my one now
I'm not sure apparently half of it is
ghost chili pizza
I don't know both of them besides got
chili on I don't know it whoops what
should I just try this chili and see if
it's good ghost chili main ice and you
just go for a bite
what's which side two things go suppose
how she explained it to me was it's in
layers yo what's up hot smokin and again
work and something else just basically I
said it like tomorrow night's like
different Asian ice but which side is
which to remember I'm gonna say the hot
one is this one this will Iraq on so I
just start with that
yeah I have a bite 2.0 you got off in
one go
okay if you don't
uh I think that's alright for Jack the
right maybe it's outside oh oh no it's
just like the bad is definitely bad it's
pretty hot
wow that's instant it manageable yeah
sure
Wow I reckon you should let Marcus have
a bite oh I think I'm awesome mellow
we're just about to start watching the
film
everyone's kindly waiting for me to
finish my render so I can upload my vlog
and then get ready to get scared oh can
I come and snuggle over with you Zoe uh
just don't just don't
the lamps going off we're getting ready
to get scared
maybe you sketch yeah yeah those are you
sketch yeah hmm
right the film has ended that was pretty
scary
it was pretty jumpy I was like on edge
the whole film which was the scariest
bit I think when she ran at the kids
really really fast yeah where did you
did you like that felt like me
that's an impression that's a good
impression of mama basically little
possessed crazy zombie kids look so
scary this silly guys thanks for having
us ie I like your new house thanks bro
this is almost love ly mark is know me
just threw water on us out their window
as we walk through the car just you know
it's Zoey 7 a.m. to hear that do you
hear that guys
7:00 a.m. where we need to get up we're
leaving seventh day driving us in a mock
job metal under oh yeah I nobody gets
sleep at 5:00 a.m. I'm gonna go to sleep
earlier tonight I'll try and get to
sleep yeah guys check this out Alfie's
gaming channel and YouTube is just
hitting million subscribers that's just
their channel to describe is that's
pretty incredible well done mate
congratu congratulations crazy
it's madness I've been up for a couple
of hours with Alfie and I've been
editing and I'm about to go to bed and
it's been a lovely day in Brighton and
I'm not looking forward to get up early
but I'm going to catch in the morning
guys peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
