hi I'm Gabby from South Florida America
you're watching fun family enjoy good
morning guys I'm all dressed up today
because we are heading to celebrate my
grandpa's birthday and we should
probably head down there it's a nice
fancy restaurant covered last-minute
birthday cards beautiful scenic thing I
found the grant I would like that yeah
that's cool daughter is still getting
ready so we're gonna have to head down
there but she left me it's it's walking
distance so she she walk down a little
bit
time waits for no man yeah time waits
for no man
so just sat down and then daus's text me
saying can I come back home and get her
because it's gonna be quicker so I've
just jumped in the car I'm gonna get
Darcy now you didn't Darcy after a late
night anti-age bit you're looking cool I
like your dress
where we had a delicious lunch together
my whole family's there pretty much my
mother site grandparents uncle uncle
zombies now we're heading back to our
house to get cake have a little happy
birthday you sing song
guys my phone just fell off the table
and this happened look onto a wooden
floor that is nuts all right off to the
hand and I laugh the head off now and
talking my phone fixed because it's not
even working out Oh
from that little crack but it's been a
good morning and it's so good to see my
grandpa especially like the last time I
saw him is in hospital so he's making a
really good recovery and it's great to
celebrate with him and seeing my family
and stuff so my dad's joining me for a
little outing basically I'm going to
supportive services because the other
night when I was there I noticed that
they had a little phone repair
and they had some iPhone 5 screens there
so I'm hoping I can just show up and get
in the place
my friend taught me he usually helps me
out unfortunately he's not around and
he's a little bit busy so it's kind of
an addition beside my relief these guys
can sort my phone out I need 20 minutes
I'm very relieved whilst waiting I'm
gonna show my dad my little office space
upstairs and Starbucks the chillip
there's a little bit
if I was still waiting for the phone to
be done I'm just picking out a new case
for my dad's phone it's look at this
it's coming apart
that's well ward
I think that's something I get from you
dad is like I have anything like boiling
waitress who's broke before I replace it
like worn-out shoes I wait till I've got
holes in my shoes of the boy switching
switching guys which one do you reckon
for my dad this this black one or this
white one with a nice little gold handle
I think this one's easy
as we've been waiting quite a while and
they couldn't replace my scream for some
reason there was like little faults with
it so said they're more experienced
technicians arriving at 8 p.m. so could
I hang on to later to come and pick my
phone up so we've left my phone with
them and I guess I just have to wait but
I'm still very pleased I can get it
sorted today that was my main concern
sherry Peters my dad's still actually
editing my vlog from yesterday so it's
gonna be a little bit delayed uploading
and then once they finish dinner and
upload it I'm heading back to hopefully
pick up my fixed phone and then I'm
gonna head down to bright tonight and
have a little slumber party Alfie Zoe
well I've been editing and hanging out
at my dad's and chilling this evening
and I'm finally on my way to Brighton I
need to swing past services to try get
my phone which is hopefully fixed when
this point
or trying to bring them and they weren't
answering so I'm just hoping we have a
problem guys they've tried to fix the
phone and now they're saying it was
water damaged which it clearly wasn't so
they've obviously knocked something
inside the fight or surrender it's
coming out with errors so he's telling
me oh we can fix it tomorrow
bla bla bla so he's now getting someone
know you bla who's rushing over tonight
to fix it and then I'll come back in
half an hour so I'm just going to chill
here
unfortunately I can't delay the rest of
my evening but there's nothing more I
can do I'm going to wait around a little
bit annoyed but you know
nothing every day
I'm still waiting so I thought I'd get
cheeky little bit done all sorts await
all right we've got a new guy on it
hopefully you get somewhere my phone is
almost mended it's mended enough to use
it for some things but the camera is
apparently broken yeah camera definitely
doesn't work so no snapchats for a while
unfortunately but I'm gonna head off now
because I'm already so late to see Alan
Zoe that's probably him now
hello sorry for being so late guys
good I kind of got my phone fixed part
for me apart from there broke the camera
no yeah camera doesn't work the front
know that in snapchat that side works
but not the fronts guy
we're just watching from the other day
Alfred's book Lords and what happened in
London how do you showed up so is going
to bed night no I
thanks for staying up for me sorry I
can't might begin up way too late I've
been getting up like what I'm hoping you
know uh no like midday 1/2 so I can make
an exception I wanna spend a full day
like hanging out you guys wait we did
hours get ready attend guys it's 4:00
a.m. we're still up what's the plan
tomorrow morning Elfie we've got to be
at like a cafe to meet marks know me at
half-past ten in six and a half hours
have to be there hmm
that's got ambitious I'm gonna do it
like I said I'm gonna get off early it's
early for me anyway well soon usual time
better lovely standard bedtime for me
like half 1/2 here Scott better used to
be a half three four and then I probably
get up about ten I wish I had that
bedtime bromines like five pies like
5:00 in the morning and then I sleep
until I made date one maybe two all
right
Alfie's after bed with we carried on
chatting it's now 20 possible right I
will see you at 10 a.m. in the morning
and I'll also see you guys at 10 a.m. in
the morning John please to help enjoy
life and live the adventure Hey
