hey guys I'm Ben
Ivan Bournemouth and your records from
below enjoy good morning guys today I am
against the clock I have so many things
to sort out
I've got a try and write up an
application for a new passport and I've
just been running around my parents
house trying to follow birth certificate
stuff and then I need to go to the
police station see if I can track stuff
down
I'm Scott million things to do so it's
going to be bit hectic today right the
bank kind of set up the business account
and get a copy of my passport I know he
loves me
hey I am it so stressful right I got my
passport photos taken I seemed to fill
in some forms now I'll have a little
rant guys I have spent hours filling in
different forms
cheering and throwing
with ID and since you know all just
paperwork and I just think it should be
so simple I think as a generation we
just use two things working this system
like the longest you ever want to spend
doing anything like 10 minutes filling
and saying on the internet I don't
understand how people are happier to sit
around for hours not even hours like
weeks like sending letters back and
forth like I just see it just seems so
archaic to me right I'm just calling the
police to find out the latest yeah so
this is the suspect that was caught on
CCTV for some reason the security
footage didn't get into the hands of the
police in time for them to verify this
is the same guy so he's been released
until the 14th of July which I think's
insane because they've got any hope of
finding anything it's going to be the
next couple days so I may go back to the
Council of State in Bethnal Green where
I was alerted of my laptop's vacation
and I guess I'll try and try and track
it down myself right I picked up Dave
he's kindly offered to where I was
brought in to countersign on my passport
document so he's like a witness
so this automates doing we're just going
to go in at lunch when he's getting
signed some stuff for me and then I'm
rigging up to London right we've got the
documents done thanks Dave Deborah I'm
on the motorway I'm on my way to London
I'm cutting you really fine and being
late for a possible appointment
is the good thing
there's no leeway so I cannot be late
write down a fire wagon move it up yet
the pass will very quickly they're
saying what knocking for one week that's
not us
Oh guys guys huh
right today's been far too much rushing
around and it's all paid off it's all
paid off so firstly I had to park in
this spot and I didn't have change for
the parking so I was like oh I'll skip a
parking ticket pay for that shut off
dance the post office obvious loads just
telling you wasn't looking hopeful told
the woman at the desk a bit of a story
just about what happened and the fact
that I need to go away this Thursday and
it's been this trip planned it's really
special trip and she said look if you
can give me proof of her travel plans we
can do a day's turnaround on the
passport so she's told me I can pick it
up tomorrow morning and I'm just so
relieved honestly guys like all the
stress last few days I thought I haven't
got my stuff back feeling really good
I'm feeling really good so I'm coming
back tomorrow get my passport and he's
don't get to go away
so I put all the CCTV footage on this SD
card and I can leave this with you right
just jump back in Rodney
this is a situation obviously the theft
of my bag is not a priority to the
police which I understand that's not
correct that's not criticism it just got
bigger things to deal with so it's not
urgent and it's a lengthy process I've
dropped off the CCTV footage that the
vagabrothers gave me but then it's not
even going to be looked at for another
couple of days so I'm definitely
thinking I want to go and talk to some
people on the the estate where my laptop
was you know the triggered the location
thing and see if I can persuade anyone
to give my stuff back ok guys I'm on
this council estate and you may think
this is a bit extreme but I've pulled
out two thousand pounds in cash and I'm
going to show you this to some locals on
my phone say look I've got the money
I've got the cash I'm not going to carry
around with me um but this is yours if
you can get my bag back um this could
this could prove a good move or a bad
move by the knife just make sure I don't
get mugged
punch at some of the local boys I just
hand out on the street and they they're
making some inquiries again but they
said what's probably happened is it's
just been sold off to someone random so
they're saying I should go back and try
and identify the guy on the CCTV again
and then maybe offer him some money to
tell me who sold it to this is where my
bag was stolen this corner here
apparently there's a hostel here which
may be the culprit it's been staying
there so that's what I'm going to hit
now currently we are over here in
Bethnal Green we're here I feel a little
bit like a detective following Clues I'm
not holding out a lot hope but let's see
what happens
we got the name anyway make sure you my
don't name that song because what - what
is it comes of course gets to see goes
of these guys and then goes of course
takes the bag I was waiting to get do I
need to take into the item you sold it
for told it you even if you can help him
yeah I'll give you the money yeah this
sat for like an hour so waiting to hear
back from the sky one of the guys in the
hostel knew the guy and they're taking
my bag and he's managed to contact the
people that brought apparently my laptop
my camera my hard drive and he's trying
to negotiate with him
to sell it back to me so that's the
current situation so I'm just waiting to
hear back from that guy on their head
off now and probably come back here
tomorrow and see if I can finish the
negotiating some of you may be shocked
that I'm willing to pay up to 2,000
pounds for some of my stuff but you
can't really put a price on you can't
really put a price on like photos and
videos that you haven't got anywhere
else and I know there's so much and that
my hard drives which I backed up another
painful lesson I've learned and yeah I
mean if I have to dig into my savings
and use that to get all this back then
I'm going to have to
well it's been a very intense but
productive day and I am very relieved I
got my passport sorted which I'm going
to be picking up tomorrow morning I'm
also intrigued about the developments on
getting why there's my stuff back which
so I guess we'll have to find out
tomorrow won't we all right see then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
