hi my name is Laura Amy Thomson I'm an
artist from the northwest of England and
you are watching funny for Louie enjoy
right we are somewhere in the olive why
we don't know where we're on our way to
a person's house with a hot tub we've
been we've basically tagged along to
someone's birthday party apparently
where they have a hot tub and they have
breakfast so I'm quite excited right
we've arrived we have our breakfast
how's it feeling I'm looking forward to
this I'm gonna confit on this
we go in the hotel alright well it's
Sunday at noon we're back in Brick Lane
and we're on the hunt for Louie's bag
obviously we've been feeling really
really shitty about this whole situation
we're trying make it right so we went to
the places that where the car was parked
looking through the CCTV images and come
up with an image we've seen the guy who
stole it this bugger out here now the
security guards know him because he's
he's a transient guy who comes around
he's always sort of begging for
cigarettes and he's they catch him in
there he's trying to wash up in the bar
so so they know him and we now have at
least the first person who sold it or
stole it so we're gonna try to find the
guy and take it to cash converters and
figure out where all Louis stuff is so
we just called Ben called Louie we're
trying on the beginng and see if we can
go find this guy and put this whole
nightmare to rest okay so we have
actually just spotted the guy who was
described to us we brought the security
guard over he's standing directly behind
us he's got a cane and he's got the same
hat so there's there's a couple of cops
over here having lunch we're gonna go
talk to them but the guy that we think
is the guy that secured the guards
thought it was in the video and he was
right behind us so now we gotta figure
out we called called Louie no answer so
it's a grandpa doing this ourselves all
right let's go seven times all right
guys I just got this message on Twitter
that they've ID'd the guy on CCTV and
the police are making an arrest this
could be quite an exciting development
the maid in the rest okay so good
updates you just got out of doing a
police report to the police
they've arrested this guy they're
questioning right now of course we don't
know he's guilty if it's the right guy
but we think it's the right guy we're
almost 100% positive it's the right guy
the security guards pointed to him here
like that's him
so they've arrested him they're gonna
question him of putting all the evidence
together and hopefully fingers crossed
Louise gets his bag back that's what
we're hoping all right so hopefully
hopefully like if the guys sold the
stuff which probably has and it's
probably Milo we're not safe positive I
think it's I think it's back in his
hostel or something or at some way
either way either way they say that he
probably has trucks get some already so
they might be able to find a way to get
the material back and all the sessions
back so we're fingers crossed Louie
hashtag paper Louie I'm feeling really
pumped and like excited that this could
actually be return of my stuff and if
you're wondering why I'm out breath I
just been on this trampoline here in
this person's guarded I think I'm going
to go back on to celebrate a little bit
Oh guys come a look at their cat
apparently always wants to sleep in the
car sits outside and meows until they
let go in the car I don't know what his
name is but a mate it's time for an ice
cream I selected one of these
we're heading on to catch up fair enough
thanks for letting us say goes I just
had a revelation jaffa cakes taste
better in their heart I've had a package
of cakes in the car we hope they know it
this is hot and they're incredible you
should try out
I might even next forget defecate like
frozen like wait for five seconds a
habit I may
perfect timing
we're off the islands were heading back
I had stuff for a coffee because I am
shattered I think the Sun and lack of
sleep is tied me out but we are heading
back to sorry we're dropping the girls
off and then me and Amory heading into
London because josh has a gig tonight a
little gig at Shoreditch house so
looking to turn a sore thumb
it's a lovely weekend Romi and Amory of
ripe Shoreditch and we are walking into
shortish house and i think steve is
there with a couple of people maybe Ben
as well and we're not supposed to be
filming anything in there but I'm gonna
try and get a few cheap shots of Josh's
performance well I just found Joe she's
about to go on in like 10 minutes
what weighs it tonight I have noticed
like a gate but
yeah looking forward also guys I just
got Josh got given this SD card from the
bagger bros and they coat please
coca-cola please thanks anyway
on here's the CCTV footage so I need to
go drop this at police station tonight
hopefully and we might have to prove
that the guy that got in custody is they
got into the bag and then we can
progress so we're here chilling waiting
for Josh to come on Benson Lexi a whole
bunch of people the car hmm
I don't man goodbye the headache how's
your weekend Bieber good yeah picture
got some work done a to my new video
crash
I lost everything so you hate when that
happens there's something so many sides
you
ah
you want me to
side design
thank you so much for listening my name
is Joshua dies I'm on the roof check
there's a swimming bowl and look at this
view this is amazing boys don't worry
we're heading heading back now it's just
gone midnight that's a fun night under
Ben yeah I know right before we head
home Ben wanted to take a little
Instagram at our bridge so we've jumped
in the penny boards and going for a
little skate hello a nighttime skate
where we going back down to the mud see
if we get better well we ventured down
the riverbank
luckily the tide is really low right now
which makes for perfect ten side
adventures oh this is this is a
short-haired like for you Instagram pros
Danny right we're going to climb back on
the ladder now Ben got some good photos
see you later Ben right I'll go to bed
watch tomorrow's vlog to see how I get
on another police station and if you
enjoyed mark and alex's adventures today
go and subscribe to their Channel and
anarcho tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
