and you're watching one tolerate Bing
good morning guys actually feel great
this morning I said to my car last night
probably only or like four hours sleep
but I feel surprisingly good
this interview so additional thing I'm
going to which I will tell you more
about my carnival like them well I
managed to get a little company before
we interview as I'm happy about both the
audition has finished it went pretty
well I just need to wait find out the
decision now and then maybe I'll let you
guys know what it was right now I need
to go find some lunch guys you ever in
Italy when I broke my glasses I broke
them again yesterday
hello
okay yes we're gonna get some food so
randomly this lady Marie just stopped me
on the street and asked if I could help
her buy some food for her family
so I just come into ISIL enemy we're
doing family shopping get everything you
need
that was lovely meeting Marie she said
she's got three children that she's
trying to look after and I didn't really
ask about her situation or why she has
no money but she seemed very desperate
so it's nice to be able to help and I
probably wouldn't have blogged that but
it was just to show you guys it's very
easy to help people maybe this way you
know trying going to help people you
would usually or try to do a good deed
and you know I'll finish my story I was
telling you some of you may remember in
Italy I broke my glasses and I had to
get them to put this at least other arm
on them well last night I was just
holding them and the other arm fell off
so I'm gonna go into Specsavers and see
if I can get them to fix my glasses for
me my boat's police closet suspect
savers and then when I was on holiday
one of the arms broke off like randomly
so I got the emergence do you like to
just to get fixed at arm and then last
night the other arm just like fell off
they said the model to replace crazy
well they they couldn't replace the
frame so they superglued it temporarily
I'm gonna have to find another
Specsavers if but when I try and get the
frame replace Carly do that today
I don't another day oh right food time
that's right
green Thai curry I've arrived in Camden
and look at these seas they all like the
back end of the motorbikes and the
little moments
I think this is like all closed up that
is a random life isn't it that's the
kind of line you imagine being in like
to focus we're not sound like a little
backup would you be in filming today
well video which is all right yeah
creative semion will have been wandering
around Camden a lot of things are
closing but still pretty nice it's a
nice evening and totally random guys I
just bumped into Ashton from 5 seconds
of summer they're doing like iTunes
special thing here in Aqaba days
you just walk past those up well I don't
want to shut the camera in his face so
sorry guys check out this massive
20-foot metallic robots people is that
it's insane I don't know how I haven't
seen this before
wheels are drop them in Hammersmith well
it's pretty late for dinner
but when you manage to find some is
still open Wetherspoons and this steak
club tonight
snake club stay close steak club
Tuesday's so ever
we've all got steak oh you guys there
how are you guys doing well where you
off to you tomorrow
to Greece we just missed Marcus and they
just got back dinner has arrived
thank you we are back at Dave's hut
which Nick and ang are staying in at the
moment
before they go for the holiday yeah and
I've just got my laptop out to check up
on Jeff's fundraising campaign thank you
so much guys for supporting this this
wall would have ended by the time I put
this vlog up by this one it's a point
out I use ninety-one percent of the way
there and thank you so much for everyone
from the vlog yesterday at snapchats
I've been doing today just to kind of do
the final push thanks so much for
getting involved and like I said on my
snapchats like I really wonder you do
more joint giving stuff where we come up
with cool ideas to do kind of charity
things together and if you've got any
cool charities or projects or concepts
that you want to get behind doing things
to a good thing to push comment below
and maybe we can start doing like a
monthly spotlight or charity that we all
get behind is 4 a.m. guys Nick and Angie
getting their bags together for their
flight to Greece and we'll just leave
with mostly and we're just gonna go and
see the taxis here
because we tried to cancel earlier and I
was gonna give them a left to the
airport but we can maybe come cancel so
I'm just going to check a bit tacky
difficult
well doesn't a lot of tax he's gonna
show up I think they probably got the
message to cancel taxi but then didn't
confirm it as counsel so sort of using
we're careful 4:30 a.m. red-eye fights I
do not know why people booked flight so
this silent morning worse than a river
for hours with no sleep
see ya
by I love those guys they're the best
they are the best I've had a really fun
evening actually rhythm well aunt
Iqaluit sleep but me and Nick were just
nothing I just chained about some
exciting ideas and business II things
and ya know it's inspiring I love being
on inspiring people well it's just on
5:00 a.m. and I'm almost back my parents
and good French there tonight
there isn't an unusual amount of people
on the roads at 5:00 a.m. the people
we're to go to work this early that's
crazy
crazy
long it's a good amount of State tonight
I really need it
get you guys tomorrow for benches in
London I think he's so into a life I
live the adventure
