we are from Korea and you're watching
that's good to be back
and Stasi and my dad and my mom were
waiting
hey Dad how's your flight I got lots of
sleep
yeah
how's your flood Dulce
showers okay I'm up for that as well
they got me a little coffee whilst they
were waiting thanks guys
but that's just landed an hour before
may he's going straight to work no sleep
so you're going home it's great to work
well back and I didn't sleep on the
plane because I was editing or watch a
movie so I'm gonna try and sleep like
three hours this morning I don't asleep
the whole day because otherwise they'll
completely completely screw up my buddy
Club I'll see in a bit nice well guys I
slept all day
I am horribly jet-lagged and now we're
having a family meal which I would say
is lunch but it potentially could be
dinner seeing as this court was six yeah
I think it's my lunch and we're watching
yesterday's vlog together
I love being well and truly relaxing
this evening and I'm about to go and
catch up with Steve but before I do
check this pastor help I got it was
actually arrived on the 14th of August
but because I was away in Brazil I've
only just got got it it is control
it's his a signed copy of this album a
really nice little night so cool and
I'll say cool sweatshirt his album name
month ah Thank You Troy oh this is
really annoying guys I was just about to
leave to go and see Steve
but because Rodney's been sitting there
for three weeks and wants to be in
Brazil the battery's completely died
again and I think obviously if you
remember this is a problem I'm dealing
with before I think one of the things is
that my sub isn't turning off properly
or something all the amp that's powering
my sound systems not turning off
probably when I stuck the engine so I
need to figure that out both so I need
to quickly jump start it so I can go out
guys never guess what I've done now and
then a house is just happened but
because I've been charging the battery
up the central locking is just kicked in
and it's looks Rodney with the keys in
the ignition and that's the only set of
keys
another health care non have to break in
I've resorted to getting sore now some
of you may think this is a bad idea and
you may be right but we'll see I'm not
going to tell you how I'm going to use
it to get in but let's find out
I've got Rodney started and I'm drive to
Steve's I just got hope the battery is
actually charging back in the UK we have
arrived in two service stations I'm
going to turn Rodney off and hope the
battery's charged now so we're just
gonna give this little test let's do
this well despite Steve's objections I
strolled over to McDonald's because I'm
very very hungry and I can't resist
killing nothing although what office
upstairs and I've just bumped into Mandy
and Ricky who work here how you guys do
you having a good night cool all right
well it was nice to meet you bye oh that
randoms this me and Steve were just
having a little coffee time
and then Jason dm's me these guys are
chilling outside were you doing here
sick amen
you spray paint your car wow that is
something is something when did you do
that
see it's done inside as well this is
crazy silly
well not be surprised I'm about to drop
Steve home and I'm going off on a little
adventure to London tonight because I've
got a 10:00 a.m. audition but I just
found out about today and that's really
early so I'm thinking to get more sleep
drive park outside where I'm getting the
audition done sleeping rodney
and then accepted like wake up and walk
straight in genius right I'm gonna let
Steve Goods bed mats maybe tomorrow yeah
man it's be back crazy tomorrow yes we
sleep
so I've come up to London I found the
spotting of sleeping tonight or direct
and when that with then I've made up
hung up some clothes just to get some
privacy in the morning there's quite
warm in here
but the heating going the whole way up
and I've got a little sleeping bag to
keep me comfortable you guys probably
think I'm mad but it makes total logical
sense to me to stay up here rather than
travel up in the morning because it will
take like an hour and a half to get the
train in and flap around where is it
took me about 40 minutes to drive up
here before I go I would like to fill
you in on Jeff who you guys know
basically a few months ago my friend
Jeff who is unfortunately homeless at
the moment in California he we went and
stayed with him on the street and just
chat to him about the situation and he
was trying to retrieve his van which had
been towed away by the police and now he
unfortunately can't get that van back
there's been a lot of fees and fines and
stuff in to get it back so we launched a
big campaign a couple of months ago to
get him off the streets and raised some
funds to get a new vehicle to live in
and he sent me a little video clip to
fill us in on how he's doing and how the
campaign is doing today is the last day
for him to hit his target he's still a
couple of thousand dollars away so if
you feel in any way sympathetic to was
him what he's doing and want to help him
out just literally donating $1 I could
be life-changing for him so let's see
I'm just
On June the 12th the police took away in
my van and I ended up homeless on the
road so it's been over two and a half
months now I've been homeless on the
streets in five different towns and I'm
surviving but it's tough I want to just
tell you kind of how it is basically you
got out every day every night you got to
figure out where you gonna stay you
can't always go back to the same places
you got to mix it up so so far it's been
like churches and office buildings and
behind little businesses and stuff like
that and sometimes security guards come
at night tell me I have to go sometimes
a business owner shows up and I have to
leave because I'm afraid they'll call
the cops the ground is really hard
concrete cement asphalt and so sometimes
my back hurts it muscles
stuff like that and also
my hip gets
joints you get very mentally tired you
don't get enough sleep and so there's
times I just so tired mentally that if
you don't sleep at night you then get
very tired all day long so then you
don't feel like doing anything so those
are the things I deal with no bathroom
no shower no place to lay your head and
so during the day there's nowhere I
really didn't take a nap I mean I just
work on the internet trying to you know
trying to keep my campaign
the van is gone I can't get it back
they basically took it buried it with so
many bees I can't get it so it's the
fees are way more than what the van is
worth I'm trying to find another ban or
RV I decided I want her RV because I
want to have a sense of home on the road
and long story short if I could get an
RV then I'd be able to rest better sleep
better I don't have to run around trying
to hide from the police like Jason
Bourne and foreign identity so I hope
you could help me and if you already
contributed if you have a little extra
and want to do it again and get another
perk or reward for a friend or family
or share it I appreciate it well that's
about it I better get off the street
someone yelled at me a while ago when
they went by in the car I'm reporting to
live from San Clemente California USA
remember be road-weary keep on going hit
the road
over and out good night bye there you go
guys
there's actually from me uploading this
there's only about 12 hours left of the
campaign but if you're watching it from
the future you can still donate and help
Jeff out by his paypal which I'll link
below but yeah just you know in the
spirit of giving and a lot of people
have been doing the ALS ice bucket
challenge recently and I think what's
good about that is it's actually making
people think a lot more about donating
to things and giving it's not all about
that one particular cause but I think
it's just bringing awareness for people
in general that there are people out
there that we can you know make a
difference in their lives and we can do
things together to do that so this is
what this is all about this campaign is
us joining together to help Jeff
particularly and there's other people
that need help and there's other
situations but this is one situation
which I thought you know what I'm gonna
highlight this and maybe we can help
Jeff and then who knows next week next
month next year we may be helping with
all sorts of exciting projects together
as a family me and you guys right I'm
gonna leave you guys there I'm gonna try
and get some sleep in here and catch you
tomorrow morning for this audition this
TV audition I can't really talk much
more about it but I'll catch you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
