hi my name is Noemi and from the belly
and you're watching father Louie enjoy
I've just arrived in Asia I'm gonna go
meet up with Ben and Steve make me the
plan today I've grabbed the little
coffee with porridge and a quick
catch-up with Steve and then Steve's
have to shoot up - clapping I think me
and Ben are either going to hit it to
London or we might go by here zubedah to
first and then hit it and we're meeting
back up with the vagabrothers mark and
Alex
saving my same fun today right we've
swamp offense he's grabbing is Jackie
and some bits and bobs and then we were
off after London well Ben's editing is
vlog games and productive time in while
so driving an ultimate function is a
park in London which is either free or
cheap and I'm avoiding the congestion
zone
the inventor arrived in Shoreditch and
we're going to try fly something to sit
down with our laptops have laptops our
hands eat food and maybe drink coffee
for I've been better been sitting here
for literally like three hours editing
and chilling and we've just met up again
with mark and Alex yeah and we're
thinking getting boxes bikes and going
for a little adventure
how you enjoyed walking around London
these two handlebars around the other
side of the road
well good it's fun no good way Sin City
for sure yeah it's good
Gary too fast for them they they can
keep up hectic I wish I had a helmet you
enjoy the point roadbed yeah I'm going
to have to do a bit more training now my
legs hurt
we made it none of us died on the London
roads but few close schools I don't
weigh so Ben's trying to get an
instagramer of a plane flying overhead
we just need to wait for a plane now we
have arrived at the YouTube creative
space there's some kind of seminar like
tutorial thing going on there tonight
and I think Ben and in fact brothers are
going on to that Mike London for 10
minutes but then I'm heading off George
is just arrived
yeah good what we dental my bro food
very hungry and then what we learn and I
need to be a radio tube so that is
usually but imma know it never say oh
yeah silly I'm being better just sat
down we are uploading on vlog from
yesterday
and it's actually uploaded too quickly
it's already it's already uploaded not
happening tonight stands up no yes so
basically that update I'm literally
happy to head straight off my body
stopped it like half an hour something
and I didn't say Darcy randomly was here
oh yeah we get to hang out with you
tonight and we're going on an adventure
this weekend hopefully see olive white
bar feed you up
right so we've arrived at BBC Josh is
going to be doing a little live
interview with Radio 2 and I don't think
I can film inside so we'll see in a bit
you nervous Josh so people have got lots
of chances to see you over the summer
hope they you do many gates ear
festivals so yeah I'm doing a lot of the
festivals which is his final sort of
running between stages traps 20 peoples
as I can and I've got my own gigs in
October
probably just come out of the interview
I think Josh nailed it how do you think
it went
he's so lovely they're like I kind of
forgot I was talking in front of about
two million people yeah challenge nearly
told the whole message yesterday it was
good it really really
yeah thanks for going back
right now we don't have a forget boots
you don't Ian yeah it's like last time
on this burger honest burger guys well
we've stopped it
this looks amazing
so we ended up finding a place to have a
coffee this all-night an all-night
coffee shop on thrift Street and we just
sat down had a little chat we've also
been people watching it's quite cool
just sit down watch people walk by in
London all over ya you see some really
interesting characters we're now going
to meet my Big Ben's being in a bar down
here with mark and Alex noting the
mouths of other people so just gonna
don't find them hey guys
those two very in the morning we just
left Ronnie Scott's and we decided to
cycle back Shoreditch which is where
Rodney is and then and then we're going
to drop the boys back to Zurich and it's
going to be a late one but I feel
re-energized and you're boring from
listening to jazz for hours on end so I
like some more trying down the street
you ridin for the first time how is it
know that these come out of the ground
have you got stage fright now I'm
darling you're going I'm gonna stay on
your leg how is it pissing on the street
should be like this every with the world
into one giant toilet and this is
actually in America get on board right
we are going on the night time cycle
ride back to Rodney
we have finally got back to Shoreditch
it's 20 past 4:00 in the morning and me
and been parked here earlier with the
impression that we could just get the
Rodney out at any time
we told the guy maybe like 10 p.m. we're
a little bit late but this is what we
come back to a closed gate Louie is also
extremely skilled climbers super nimble
compared to me yeah yeah do you go for
it okay can I leave you in my back yeah
cool okay
all right we're stealing a camera that
we're hijacking it okay
guys these guys are gonna look off to my
vlog camera for a little bit wish me
luck
okay interlude he's gone what a wild
night so first topic forest bikes we've
been riding around all day and night
nine and a half hours I think and we
started in the same place in shortage
and we've just got about ten hours later
yeah it's been pretty rad though these
are like like I think the first time
that we came to London was kind of like
we saw Big Ben we did like all the
tourist stuff but now we're on the Boris
bikes exploring tours by Louie but
battery just died but we swapped it into
our camera basically the moral of the
story is today has been totally insane
and that Louie Louie's like motto of
live the adventure he lives it and we're
here like you guys might be on the other
side that screen we were before now
we're here with him and will tell you
living the adventure is a real day
everyday thing for him and you all sleep
much but super fun I think the car just
opened away
maybe let's go go ahead see what we mean
this guy's a champ things just happened
okay
so after our joyous vlogging to the
camera we forgot that we were also
watching Louise bag which is sitting now
on the streets of Shoreditch at 5:00 in
the morning she's at 5:00 yes almost
laughing Louie a sporty Louie asses to
watch his back and then he honked as you
guys saw on the camera and we came
running for the car and in the
excitement of the moment of the moment
the bag remains on the streets a
shortage is it down here yeah I you know
who's got it probably Trevor that
homeless guy it's gone it's gone
fuck just wait there was that time times
the guy in the meat wagon hop out one of
your power streets that's a security
guard
- do you talk about running either way
try guys I don't usually panic but I am
panicking now because someone has taken
my bag and it's got my laptop my DSLR
camera and my passport in it probably
more available things as well and I
desperately need to find it so I'm
driving around seeing if we can see
someone walking around with it okay guys
update still haven't found it I tried to
ask some guys in the park if the new
we're stolen goods were taken to get
sold or whatever they weren't really
helping
I'm very gutted to be honest just on the
phone to the police saying if they can
help well I just go back to my parents
house I'm supposed to be going out my
dad in two hours
it's been an interesting night guys I'm
pretty upset
I probably the most upset I've ever been
on the vlog with it in you know and open
with you guys about it I do tend to
approach these kind of situations
logically I'm very serious at the moment
as you can tell I do I don't want to
like blame Alex and mark you know it was
accidental there's nothing deliberate
about it it doesn't help my situation to
put blame on someone I I think super
logically I just think what is the most
I can do to help with this situation and
help me find my stuff I've got a few
ideas what I'm going to do is sit tight
first of the day and wait to hear back
from the police because they've got my
number and they're going to check
security footage I mean it's worth if
any of you guys live in the Brick Lane
area or know anyone that might know
someone that I don't know knows where
you take stolen goods or try and you
know where you can buy cheap laptops any
of that stuff and do ask around it'd be
really helpful I might start a Twitter
campaign and post pictures of all my
stuff
if the police kind of help anyway yeah
so I guess just watched tomorrow's vlog
to find out how this all goes and yeah
I'll see you then
you
