so is they ate of our prep for the world
flight we were due to be flying out
today but with postponed till tomorrow
morning
what we are going to be doing though is
flying over this afternoon to Kern
Valley which is where we are going to be
arriving in three months to have our
three-day weekend party which actually
guys if you haven't got your ticket they
are for sale on the fly Beyond Borders
website anyway so we're having this
arrival party so we thought it'd be so
good to leave from the exact same place
so we like to fly out fly around the
world and then fly back onto the same
runway so that is why we're going there
today we're gonna camp overnight and
yeah head off first thing as the Sun is
rising tomorrow which means we'll be
flying over the states on Monday
meaning we hopefully will get to catch
the full solar eclipse that's happening
in the afternoon but we've got a few
things to sort out before we go we're
just getting the last few things prepped
on the plane which is helping us with
the electronics we're trying to power
their tracking device so you guys can
track where we'll be yeah again on the
fly Beyond Borders website there'll be a
live map and you can see the plane
moving across so you'll always be able
to keep an eye on us and see that we're
safe ah other than that I think we're
almost ready we're just going to go and
get some snacks as well buy some snacks
and yeah I'm ready I am ready guys this
is already 24 and we look in here delhi
24 we've got 24 30 votes out it's just
not charging a things are usually
multiple cigarette lighter charges okay
guys I'm just testing the tracking
device I've just plugged it in here to
the car and if you go on the website you
can see that you can actually track
where we are on location this is pretty
epic there we are guys
yeah check it and then enslie's take off
and start flying you'd be able to trap
us all the way across the stakes across
here and then once we figured out our
route down here we did a little loop and
then this is quite a long flight over
the sea
this is probably our sketchiest right
here and then back up through South
America and we still have Florida and
then back so kind of doing more than
around the world landing in 81 days we
need we need food for the entire day and
oh we might buy little pop-up tents so
we can camp in here buddy
just just need to make sure we got the
supplies oh yes
warm day today guys very warm I said to
JP when I wake up this morning every
morning I'm waking up even though I
didn't get a lot of sleep I'm waking up
really excited like really pumped still
I've just been on this constant high for
like four or five days I'm hoping that I
am like this excited the entire trip
also I always they think jp's slowly
getting excited I think he's been had a
very high stress few months of just like
getting everything finished he's been
working a lot lot harder on the prep and
build-up for months so I think he's but
I think he'll relax into it
yeah he's cracking a few more smiles
he's cheering up a bit
oh he's gonna be such a good trip
thanks for all the support guys I'm
reading all the comments and it seems
that you guys are as hyped about this as
I am
so yeah yes stay tuned stay tuned we are
copying all our important documents and
we've got this amazing USB stick to put
them on take this out guys
Darth Vader as the USB stick what we
just had this realization today that we
are not on the ball I don't know what it
is but both of us completely forgot to
get camping gear we just need that
pop-up tent I just pretty much the only
reason we went to Walmart yeah I got a
gardener snacks anyway all I can think
about all right all I could think about
was
like I think about with food and yeah it
was just nothing about anything else so
we're gonna quickly fall back to Walmart
and then we'll go to the airport okay
let's try this again what we like why
are we like guys just in the camping
section just out like this it's not even
in a cabinet a hundred rounds of
12-gauge shotgun cartridges
I just twenty dollars let's do it turned
out gang yoga mats was a lot cheaper
than getting camping mats this is like
14 bucks versus 50 and then some little
sleeping bag
warm weather sleeping bags and a little
tent okay we just need to get all this
in the plane now find somewhere for it
I got a massive bunch of bananas thanks
Richard ready to leave Tracy Airport
this has been this has become our home
this week this has been very random that
awesome awesome that we found riches
he's an absolute legend you ever need a
ferry tank fit in your aeroplane
probably quite nice but just general
aviation work he's just master he does
yeah you have a plane you needed work
done
right times ahead so we're gonna go pick
up something in Fresno and then
hopefully don't camp in Ken Valley but
my pump you missed you missed
yesterday's vlog you think it would have
been we fitted the tank with this manual
pump so this is for me in flight to help
pump the fuel or we're not using that
today so that's not until we're not
going to need that until we fly across
the North Atlantic right yeah
November 2 ones are at uniform just a
born out of Tracy would like flag
following to Fresno Danko
both of doing a test I've just plugged
my headset into my blog camera or I
don't the GoPro
I tried office by now try another vlog
camera to see whether I can chat see
guys it's like oh yeah hopefully it's
worse the bar I've the plan is we're
gonna set off really early because we're
gonna try and make it far across the
country as possible towards the east
coast there's gonna be a bigger day
seeing like almost the entire States
from the air and hopefully come across
the path of the total eclipse yeah we
could pull that off
oh my gosh it'll be so epic
right room the little where was cool
this less fixed Facebook right up base
it's just like a nice lounge at the
airport just helping myself to tea no
coffee and I think we're getting
straight back on the plane because we
picked up what we needed to which is
JB's friend Matt who's gonna join us
across the Atlantic as his emergency
driver see
so I tip it out snapchat spectacles
birth perfect on the takeoff
you see how there's hardly any red in
Hawaii right now and that'll change as
well as we keep climbing we're at 8,000
feet now I wonder what the worst please
the plane would be Taco Bell something
really smelly are you gonna like Circle
down or are you just gonna we're gonna
have to fly around like that cuz I came
quite high over the mountains when we
come true next time I'll probably come
well luckily that's like quite a
distance so we just come over the ramp
so we start out easy
yeah Jesus that was the hard work right
there that was the scariest nothing how
the chariots just I just really had to
take that through we have arrived in
Kern Valley yes bro that was crazy and
amazing landing amazing I don't if you
remember after VidCon we did a road trip
up to Lake Tahoe and on the way and the
first night we just popped up the bus is
over there there's a spot over there
guys so we had the buses parked up this
is such a cool location for a festival
it's where everyone's gonna be there
their tents they're probably gonna have
a big tent as well with some music and
just saw some really so many cool plans
if you haven't checked out the the
tickets for the summit there's still
tickets but there's still some tickets
left go and check it out linked on the
fly Beyond Borders website but yeah if
you're in California or want to fly out
here to welcome us back you better head
over and grab the last ticket yeah
we only realize it every day where it's
almost flying around the world in 80
days which is obviously what Phileas
Fogg did so this is our tent for the
night got a little warm weather sleeping
bags in there and yeah like I said it's
looking like it's gonna be a clear night
so we're not gonna put there the copper
on the tent obviously then get up
quickly if it's not raining this is uh
this is an amazing first night of the
trip camping I think that's a starting
off on the right foot rather than
staying in some swanky hotel keeping it
real
gabey's just got into the tent
I'm gonna go over to the plane and try
and get some star lapses and yeah then
it's probably important to get some
sleep because literally like 6:00 a.m.
we're getting up and we're setting off
for the beginning of our flight and I
don't even know if I'm gonna be able to
sleep I'm so excited this is just
ridiculous
I can't literally call remember the last
night's excited it's like 10 Christmases
rolled into one
yeah if I managed to successfully pull
off these star lapses sweet I'll catch
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
