today Hillary and Adam have come down to
join us for a big family dinner and
what's for lunch does roast chicken
roast their roasted vegetables the
camera I know it supposed to be looking
for the carrots apparently and labor
they'll say I'm looking forward to it
guys remember last week when my dad that
peeling machine well he's gone for an
experiment a nice roasted salmon there
- really - oh thanks with salt and oil
and butter yeah
just served up the Apple flannel or
whatever this is and didn't go too well
kind of kind of collapsing I was trying
to cut it with this this is not good for
cutting they gay guys desert serve rice
type foursome after lunch board games or
in this case some invented scrabble a
kind of game where you pick on one I
came in second then my dad and then
Hillary lost the whole game yeah right
I'm heading off now I'm gonna go and see
my friends nap she's in Australia we
actually met in Melbourne if any of you
guys remember me and Rachel went to a
bar one night and we made frozen ice
cream stuff anyway I'm going gonna go
over and see her
I'm with my Anna and her really dog
could Holly hey Holly hey it's raining
by the right now that was lovely
catching up with my friends now now left
hers and I'm heading over to go and get
some dinner with Ben I'm no swing pasta
to Steve's around as well but it is
shocking in our very very today
yes brah what you saying about it so
ever oh my life I'm saying I'm going
back to Monaco
yeah yes bad boy wick hey let's once
again
hello soir knees wait why we've arrived
the bills the thing this is where we're
gonna go for dinner
the only bills have been to use the one
employer
is to back
I swear she said
we their wages which needs to be really
but no it's to where they go no I'll get
my video I look so much cooler do that
do you so cam I think if I like really
long Salad Fingers anyway all the
Kingston have been get any mouth
I just got a little pot of fresh chilies
wash that in my burger what I got cheeky
little after-dinner coffee these boys
aren't winning me you're not up for
cheeky after about three to be fair this
is only my second corporate event took a
brownie yeah it took a burning piece oh
sorry about that
for you
I wanna stay high to live it then we're
actually talking about secret projects
which I'll tell you about right now but
it's quite exciting three boys at least
over the next week we're gonna meet up
in the morning this way
we're gonna be up in the morning and
have a copy of sign right celebra
I've jumped back and Rodney and Mason
ate a while back I lent my sound system
a car sound system to predict
and he's had in his MIDI bus and I feel
it's about time I borrowed that back of
him Rodney
because Rodney deserves a good sound
system guys I love bass just driving on
the a3 and what do we spot in front of
me at half past 11:00 at night it's the
regenerate bus I showed you the other
day with the feel-good bakery right
front of me
Barney actually went to candy by
remembering from the tenure in February
as something I totally miss my um my
exit like we're supposed to be lost
mother all right
we have arrived hey Nick a man who's
about to get a bit and then Leary shows
up all right we're gonna have a little
rummage around in here so you can get
these speakers yes
Rodney's gonna be so happy didn't take
long to squeeze him behind my seat ever
look perfect that was short but sweet
Nick's go go to bed love you man Katie
Wednesday I got back to my parents and
I've rummage around and managed to find
some random leads knocking around my
dad's office
and I've pulled the the head unit the
radio out I'm gonna try and wire it all
in
right I grabbed an old power cable and
I've just stripped both ends to power
the amp which then powers the sub I had
to drive away from my parents house to
test down a source of Detroit on the
road bar it's working guys I don't know
if you can hear it probably just storing
your computer speakers but when the bass
kicks in bass kicks in when the bass
kicks in
I ready for this
well I wish you can actually hear what I
was hearing through my ears rather than
through this little camera mic but I'm
gonna be playing around with the amp a
little bit more tomorrow and playing
some tunes and yeah okay see you
tomorrow guys peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
