hi my name's Hannah and from Australia
and you're watching from Louie I just
got up and we're gonna go eat lunch
outside because it's a beautiful day and
it's a beautiful lunch i finished my
delicious lunch and now i see Steve
who's just got back from by the code
right picked up Steve ayo and we are we
only going to get coffee and we're
probably just gonna go 20 again even
though it'd be nice to go somewhere
different we want to find like a really
nice coffee place on the river somewhere
cuz she's amazing yeah it's the coffee
it's the coffee that zero does that's
like awesome and under and the vibe in
there but if any of you know any cool
like good coffee places on the river
around this area like sorry airy open
last night
right we're back at Steve's house just
uploading my vlog and I'm so we're
watching Sawyer's latest short film
welcome to Tokyo him and sear they've
done well on this this is good fun do it
look at the quality is amazing I can't
believe the quality acid it's just
insane you need to check this out guys
i'll link it in the description I'm so
proud of these guys
probably chillin at Steve's messing
around and would be doing some work as
well important stuff and now we're
heading out for a little cheeky Nando's
and Kingston how you feel asleep good
about to sneeze yeah Garrett has gone
it's gone yeah I'm good I hate that I
hate about STIs there goes yeah you did
yeah okay man yeah we're joined his son
stice as we're back in the UK oh yeah
how was your trip to Monica for a good
man really fun even if you haven't seen
Steve had just a little couple of days
down in Monaco and he's print out of
blood only in perpignan yeah yeah videos
wlky's Colin instagram check out I was a
little bit jealous pianist I've usually
one like poison of Instagram in the hot
countries features and stuntman squad
got helicopters honesty yeah helicopter
boat man first time in a copter yeah and
you got some video that yes I can't wait
to cut out again like the Sun looks so
cool flashing minded yeah I love that
guys you know a song right living on
boats the other day look how cute this
little lion fish it's little barges it's
got a garden top though let's go a
little tea set and everything is so cool
would you live on a boat steamed
probably not that I would ya do any of
you guys live in a boat let me know guys
for sale shall i buy this boat guys they
just buy him you should definitely buy
the Spanish I just buy this boat I could
live on him boy why didn't I get invite
to the swamp I
we're chillin in Nando's and I've been
meaning to get this up see for ages he's
got bunches house find the nomads phone
case wash for jerking guys we've been
selling these for a while where I
haven't actually probably shown you them
at okay he's the one really isn't what
we say Steve why went for some sweet
potato mash today's surprise I'm excited
about this mean Steve have jumped into
Rodney and we are trying to decide where
to go but basically we got a tripod with
our cameras and we want to do a bit of a
late night photography adventure we
don't to be out all night and for just
Shang figure out whether we want to go
into central London but we don't get
those slight classic kinda cheesy
central London touristy shots we want to
do some kind of quirky stuff so we're
going to have a little bit of an
explorer we parked up in Chelsea and
we're going for a little scale on the
river see we can see any cool spots to
do some photos
this last couple of days has been a lot
about boats and house boats and stuff
and we just walked down to this little
bit I don't think the supposed to be
here but we're trying to get a good
photo there's some cool boats they're
definitely cool base but how sick would
it be to live here it's cooked it's like
its own little community yeah like bike
racks and stuff light off they're
actually unlike its own little floating
platform look I'm trying to carry my
penny board and my camera here yeah it's
cool it's really cool and Steve's just
suggested we walk up onto the bridge and
tasting photos from there might be a
better angle some perched on the side of
the bridge here little bit for Paris Lee
with my tripod and I'm just trying to
get some cool shot
Steve's over there for this tripod get
some shots from over there I Steve's
running out in the ride to get high OH
do that Steve close look at this we
arrived we found the place for our
cameras camera place this is the place
though innit literally hi we just found
this randomly guys see
right that's enough photography for
tonight and Steve's getting a bit tired
I should probably be getting tired as
well but I'm silly I'm very nocturnal
right now I'd right there sir please
answer please sit please separate but
it's still there bro now that's pretty
fun with so it's fun I'm short but sweet
yeah it's good we need to plan plan a
little bit more next time yeah we're
saying next time find some cool
locations leave a comment below you know
some cool like unknown cool photocase
nice and cool muses are like house like
muses room uses up no they're like
they're like communities of like houses
to come together like cobbled streets
like on the news although yeah well it
was fun hanging out with Steve today and
I definitely think we're going to go on
another photo adventure soon but i'm
gonna get some sleep and i'll catch the
rest tomorrow for another fun day peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
