Homa
I'm Claire from Essex England but I'm
currently traveling in the beautiful
Hong Kong and you're watching fan flurry
enjoy well for the very chilled morning
today and I stroll down to the local
supermarket because I am in search of
some ice because I need to do the ice
bucket challenge
Josh record and a couple of other people
have nominated me to do it I've got a
friend coming down he's gonna help pour
the water on me think
spice in there so I need a big bag of
ice and I need to find a bucket now
right I have the ice and the bucket now
I'm also hungry is never a good thing
when you're gonna see I find it funny
though I pour a bucket of ice this is
Bryan my mentor
but it's all for a good cause and I mean
donating some money as well I bought a
bunch of bananas at the supermarket but
then I thought I should probably eat
properly exam years ago so I stopped by
little cafe we get cheeky little burger
and chips
we have strolled down to Copacabana
beach and with Cody with this coconut
and we thought oh there's my little
showers down here to get water put in
the bucket but we can't find them or
they turn them off or something so I'm
just going to put out with seawater and
then we're going to find a little spot
do this the obvious bucket challenge
- toys and
I smoked a challenge
Alice and Bob Dylan my job record the
vagabrothers become mother
where this guy's research is amazing
Terry that's crazy money for this really
really bad thing do one thing
fitness
Oh
oh hey Prakash spent brown a big pillow
my head is still hurting it was sucking
a big chunk of ice in that bag proper
dumped through the head guys the ice cut
my head
look that's crazy
Hiero ice is dangerous
ha ha ok Oh killer ice right that's
actually quite that's got a lot of blood
yeah man that might be serious me and
Cody are gonna go for another skate now
we've missed the sunset button we might
go down too you know
whoo
we just stopped so itself slackline
honestly this good
this coconut just fell out of the tree
you don't have pulley in your head you
never worse injury than my life
it was quite fun
cheers brother
so me and Cody have just been skating
back from Ipanema we sat down and just
chatting about the life and a good had a
good evening so far we're just going to
head back chill for a little bit and
then we're heading out to this something
again that went to last week guys I am a
couple of days behind them with vlogs
and I'm trying to catch as much time as
possible to edit like previous day's and
then I also need to schedule when I'm
going to catch up to now so I think I'm
going to post another two vlogs tomorrow
I was trying to do today but it just
didn't happen see hopefully up OTT
tomorrow and maybe to the next day and
then we'll be back to normal crazy
I forgot my phone have to go back up got
it let's try this again
well I've arrived in the center of Rio
again and I'm walking to find a Samba
place me and my dad went to last week
and Kody I think is going to catch up
with us later by meeting Kristin in in a
sample place we're gonna have you grab
street food listen to music have a good
night
right in spite of food now I'm thinking
the kebab they took on the street by
nice so I think there's a think there's
some over there
well I got a chicken kebab this is tasty
guys realization
I never rolled it in this light I don't
know what is this Brazilian dusty stuff
now with Kristen and these kids these
local kids are sticking stickers in this
place good job good job
all right cheers ma'am
you
loving the samba boys love it so much
it's like so positive and it like I've
noticed like there's a lot of people
from different backgrounds here it's not
all like the poorer people or there's
like guys in business suits and stuff
singing their hearts out and I love it
look how they got their power they just
borrowed it
painting with gaffer tape from this wire
hang up it
that is so awesome
we're jumping on the bus we've just
arrived at this party it's like 2:00 in
the morning already this is going to be
a crazy night
hello hello
yeah
well back and I've washed my face from
all the fluorescent paint that was
actually an awesome night tonight and we
got to see some of the people we saw at
a favela funk party as well on another
tour and hang out with them a bit and
yes been nice and chilled today I think
being back in Rio and gang some editing
done and just kind of recovering a bit
from the last week of like full-on
trekking in the jungle and everything is
it's good at the moment and I'm trying
to make a decision what to do this week
because the weather is looking terrible
in Rio on Wednesday the list vlog will
probably be up but the time I've made
this decision but I'm thinking of flying
to New York early because on the way
home we've got a stopover in New York
for the day so I think I could fly it to
New York 3 and spend 3 days there and
then fly back to the UK and so I'm
looking into flights will changing my
flights where that could be an option
and anyway I'll catch you guys tomorrow
I'm still trying to hang gliding but the
weather the weather might not allow it
but hopefully a well tomorrow that'd be
awesome
and it was it was funding your the ALS
ice bucket challenge as well today
getting involved with that write catch
tomorrow peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
