hey guys my name's Lydia you clicked on
this video which means only one thing
yo what's your phone for Lily enjoy
today is a bit of an admin day mid Steve
set up a battle station in his office
and we're doing I'm doing some editing
he's about to edit one of his new videos
and it's gonna be productive day alright
it's time for some lunch it's all about
reheated beautiful last night for your
sense things you're saying yummy nice
this busy editing his latest video what
he's doing now to show you guys
something
a few weeks going like three weeks ago I
asked you guys to vote Misty's blog to
go through to this competition he
actually got into the final life intend
on something and if the last few days of
the competition it'd be awesome if you
guys he'd go through the company
magazine or link it on the top line but
basically this is all a bit complicated
what happens is you go through to this
page and you actually have to scroll
along next page until you get to email
style blogger click on sleep Booker and
then you have to keep going through to
the last page click submit and that all
/ through there
vote for the final competition I guess
and be awesome you guys can do that
right finished all the things I'm doing
with Steve and I'm headed off peace out
bro consumer maybe see tomorrow you can
hit your video done today
great it's done whoa it's nearly done
that only done yeah it's almost done so
people will click through and watch it
yeah yeah
right I've come up to London to hang out
my friend Andy to chat about some
exciting charity stuff he's the guy that
went to Kenya with and the charity
regenerate not been working with the
years and we're just kind of a little
chat about some of the cool new projects
they're doing and how I can get involved
right Johnson Andy's car gonna get some
dinner how you doing Andy yeah tell us a
little bit about the stuff that's going
on with regenerate and new projects and
exciting stuff yeah it's very exciting
stuff so just about to launch something
that we've been shown about a little
while a project employing young young
people that really need an opportunity
can't find work maybe they're coming out
of prison or out of gangs
I really want to turn their lives around
so we're setting up a something called
the field with bakery which is a
sandwich amazing sandwich company making
incredible servers and delivering them
to offices around London and therefore
every sandwich we make and sell we're
matching it by providing a meal for a
child in need and a feeding program
so like the projects in Kenya we want to
sell we sell 500 sandwiches a day we can
feed 500 hungry kids a day and that's
the sort of thing we want to do we want
to grow a little bigger than that
it's exciting at the lunch yeah it's
awesome I'm definitely get involved with
this and we're just going to chat a bit
more about how I can best support and
promote and everything but yes it's
something guys really excited so we
actually ended up being out with our
friends
Clemmy who we haven't seen in ages and
we're now squeezing Andy's car we're
gonna go try find a late night coffee
how you doing back there Clemmy comfy
so as we were driving we were just
saying how much we like that London has
kept a lot of classic things that make
it London one of them being the red
phone boxes and then I was like I've
seen some of the red phone box has been
turned into like Internet access points
because obviously no one really uses
phone boxes anymore for bringing people
and then we stumbled across this one
which it's got a cash point installed in
the red phone box
just headed up he's dropped me back
Rodney and I just wanted to show you
guys something so this is the back of
Andy's bus
me and Andy bought buses at similar time
as some of you may know I've got the
boom bus still in still in storage but I
used to work on Andy's bus back in the
day before I got into YouTube just
driving around definitely Station London
work for young people and he's just
branded the back of his bus ready to
launch the the feel-good bakery so quite
exciting yeah I'm hoping to get involved
bit more now that fucking UK for a few
months I've got a few trips planned but
just in next few months it's gonna be
it's gonna be nice to get involved and
yeah just spend more time doing
something a little bit more meaningful
yeah something is right I just got in
Rodney and I've realized I've left my
backpack somewhere with my laptop in
which is not a good thing right update
is guys I was watching back the vlog
footage of earlier and I was wearing my
backpack internet base but was not
wearing out and then those so question
is did someone Rob it up or didn't and
those put it aside when they were
cleaning up for the night I'm gonna
drive down there now I think they're
closed but I may be able to they're
cleaning
still or maybe I can see it through the
window guys is people still here
I left the backpack yo do you have it
yeah
oh my gosh thank you so much guys I'm so
relieved
do you ever have those moments where you
you're panicking you're like oh
something Bad's to be happening and then
you like call is fine
but yeah sorry today's not being a super
eventful it's just one of those days you
know but it's been it's being cool for
me to be nice to hang out made such a
good catcher with Andy and Jamie tonight
you saw briefly we ended up having like
a really good beef chat about life and
faith and you know I don't know where
motivation to things and what we really
want to be doing and just dreaming up
ideas of how we could be impacting and
the world for the better days like today
are good just to have some chilled
conversation time with you one other
thing I was going to bring up was
something that bugs me a little bit
someone commented on one of the videos
and I do read your comments guys and I
don't often reply mainly because but
anyway the comment was that I don't
often reply to comments or tweets or
ever but the truth is I'm always on the
go and rarely have children I struggled
to reply even to my own friends now I'm
having you know back and forth Facebook
conversations with I've struggled to get
back to people because I'm always on the
go and I'm spending a few hours a day
editing and it's often late into the
night and then I've scheduled a video
you know upload during the evening and I
don't really have much time where I
actually sit down on my computer and get
converse with you guys other than now
this is a better format for me to really
interact and respond to you guys because
I can read things and I can verbalize my
response a bit better so it's not
because I love you guys less it's just
it's it's not a format that works well
with my lifestyle right now but and also
there's just thousands of people that do
ask me questions and what interacts that
I can't respond and interact with all of
you so sometimes don't know where to
start
bye I hope you guys understand like I
said it doesn't mean that longer lives
right decided to come back to my parents
I've got a few things to sort out here
tomorrow and grab a few things so I'm
going to crash here tonight
I'm just watching Steve's new video he
actually managed to get it up so you go
and check that out and don't forget to
vote for him as well like I said earlier
that'd be awesome guys and I'll catch
you tomorrow I'm not sure what I'm doing
yet but I'm sure I'll have lots of fun
peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
