it's another beautiful day in London
guys and I am heading down to pick up
Alfie from his hotel he stayed near
London last night and then we're going
to go down this is Steve
we're gonna go and have a little row on
Richmond River and a boat that's the
plan
but I'll just pick up LP how you doing
man I'm good I've been and so I woke up
at 7:30 so you do yeah I'm gonna go
practice by myself and now we'll get
ready for the day and now we're headed
over to get Steve who's editing his new
video
Wever either Cafe Rouge alexia where
we've got see outside this is perfect
they grab a nice delicious meal that
you've just joined us for lunch taking
some time out of its busy business day
business day hey the hang of this Chuck
I sell a Dave
we've arrived in Richmond by the river
and we're gonna try and get a rowboat
and go on a little ride
oh boy he's gonna splash ah yeah fatty
this is gonna stretch none of that right
what
you got this yes which I want what you
say about your first time right now fee
my no splashing Magoo
you guys are terrible
turns out Alfie and Steven terrible rose
and somehow they found us in the wrong
direction after all the progress I made
switcheroo again we need louie to save
the day and take us to the island of
dreams Louie you're gonna guess there
mate yeah we need you bro
cuz Alfie and I aren't very good at
rowing well after what you did right
there right
we made it back thanks Lily it's tired
mate right we've been stranded without
you probably just got off the river how
does it quite hot we were I was rowing
against the current both ways and I've
worked up a bit of an appetite for
coffee so we're gonna duck in this cute
little cafe and get one iced coffees put
my shirt on walk out that way Cheers
see don't you love it in there like
liquor just pizza we're now gonna go to
Richmond Park and enjoy sin sunshine
I've not seen the Sun day how's your day
been hectic
I'm busy now nice let's go relax we've
arrived at Richmond Park last time we
came with back she was quite a naughty
dog and she actually ran away and with
me asleep lost upper ages so we're not
gonna let the lead today how's your day
been
Alexia yeah hey hey what's that what's
that
we send about these days they're like
just wood I don't know why like not work
but you think Zoey should be a wildlife
presenter I don't you it the most
amazing thing
TNN our these guys jumping in their taxi
and we've decided we were actually going
to go down to Brighton and join them for
dinner
we've arrived in Brighton it's almost
half 10:00 so we've left it quite late
but there's hope you some pizzas waiting
at in Zoe's apartment and we are super
hungry you super hungry so you super
hungry it's good time good choice outfit
good choice bro
Bosh you enjoying your pizza there Zoe
we have a lovely evening of peace of
eating and TV watching and and now we're
heading back to sorry
after a short visit to Brighton it's
been good
are you still let her off me she's at
peace she let Zoey by quite by guinea
pigs
but we've got better Stephen Alexius and
I'm gonna crash here for the night
because me and Steve got some stuff to
do in the morning and yeah it's been a
great day with dolphin Zoe as well and I
am I am shattered so I'm gonna get some
sleep I'll catch you tomorrow guys peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
