hi I am Amma from Dubai and you are
watching one for Allah which enjoy so
it's almost 9:00 in the morning I'm
about to head off on our jungle
adventure and we're just waiting outside
the Tool Company office this is Sean and
Tanya they're going to be our guides in
the jungle for the next few days well
here in life and just general fish
market where I got amazing fish
have a closer look uh personally string
I like these fish with a little pretend
eye on their tail that's cool these here
are for the red-bellied piranhas most
aggressive cheers Dorothy so this is the
main port in manaus he's just explaining
that a lot of the transport and stuff
that's across the Amazon here and then
the highway continues the other side of
the river ready to put on our life
jackets
look at that dolphin so we're right the
point where the two rivers of the amazon
america is the Negro River which flows
into the main Amazon and they're
completely different colors this is the
main Amazon this is the niger river and
it's 11 kilometers they flow alongside
before joining but we're just feeling
the difference in temperature in the
tube so this is the warmer one
oh yeah you can really feel that brig
either
well we got to the other side of the
Amazon and we're now walking to catch
our bus to get to the next boat to go
further into the jungle had to stop and
get some water because it's very hot
here
so we've got 40 minute drive to the next
boat but before we do that they've
stopped off to show us these ginormous
water lilies all right you see that
brown mark on that building that's from
a flood in 2012 and the water level
raised all the way up highest ever
recorded what have you found over here
dad
when I saw these bees and I looked over
and then realize that actually we're
getting inside this mountain that'll be
high they don't like these that they
look like Hornets
glassy exciting news coffee is free here
yeah yeah the drivers just dropping some
food home for dinner
so just asked to use a toilet they
directed me here check this toilet out
that is the toilet straight to the river
amazing this is the final leg of the
journey we're getting on this tiny
little boat and we're heading to the
jungle Lodge
we have arrived lunch is ready yeah yeah
serve yourself I'm gonna check out our
little jungle huh ah Oh sir
it's great and we need is Wi-Fi now
the water is so warm I'm actually going
to go swimming a lot the next couple of
days I think so we're going back out on
the canoe for a little trip Sean from
the show us around all right we can't
touch this tree there's a wasp nest on
it serious stops because there's spider
Slough and the our boat drive is going
to climb up the tree and get this love
come and say hello
guys I climb the tree to find the slough
Wow tree climbing is hard out-breath
hello mr. slow amazing absolutely
amazing thank you so chilled out so
chilled up I'm in my bra
hello Bobby
Hey look at you your baby guys just to
give you a concept of where we are I am
so high up don't can't even see how
highway approximately 15 meters in
height 15 Ron heading back down the tree
which one us to die
I had a slight tree climbing accident
nothing too bad
I don't go too crazy right I'm gonna go
in for a little bit
guys earlier our tour guide said to me
don't go in the water you've got cuts
because the piranhas get attracted to
them and I just remembered I cut my foot
on the tree so I'm hoping they don't
smell the blood
yeah why is it not safe here
yeah caca does it's not safe it's not
possible is it Lily when we were out in
the middle we were swimming just joking
about there being crocodiles and then
they come over there it's not safe there
are girls getting the boat okay we're
safe for lamb now I'm just sitting and
watching for sunset how awesome is this
incredible it's just a line of red
flagging reflected off a really new
breathtaking day and it hasn't even
ended tonight after dinner we're going
out with a big spotlight I'm gonna see
some crocodiles in the water we were
just swimming it all right we're heading
down to find some crocodiles caiman
crocodiles le casually got a black
caiman crocodile please grow up to six
meters long apparently that's amazing
how is that holding that coca Dada she's
got Jordan lone tree struggling oh
another crocodile these these guys are
mates hello hello mate you like em it's
like a dinosaur here's a dinosaur real
isn't he he has how many creatures on
there see you later mate bye
well that's the end of the night I just
finished capturing a star scape because
the stars are incredible there's no
natural light pollution and hopefully
this video shown a tiny bit of how
incredible the Amazon is I can't even
put into words how amazing today's been
that we've got another incredible day
Amazon tomorrow jungle tour ring earth
bang I capture them peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
