hi my name is Sonia and I'm from India
and you are watching one for guys today
is the day that we are leaving Rio and
we're heading to Manaus which is right
in the north of Brazil in the rainforest
in the Amazon so we're we're already
late for a flight as usual
Jurnee half and rises what it cost us to
get here when we first arrived it was
ripped off on the first occasion yeah
that's a good advice guys when you're
traveling don't get ripped off by taxing
oil another scandal
but we've now arrived here or and we're
actually on time somehow we made up some
time we're running late fast text drive
on guys we just printed up warning
buzzes look how handsome bagful it is
that it's like those receipts you just
throw away they get printed out machines
here you go guys - here's your take care
of your boarding bug is it is attached
to mine just rip it there you go guys I
think that was the most painless
security experience I've ever had in my
life it was
so good 30 seconds sports right
good enough second thing out my bag good
enough to take anything off so happy
hands we got 45 minutes to we need to
board got my coffee I'm using the last
bit of fast internet potentially will
happen a few days and I'm charging
everything I can possibly before the
flight we also don't know what
electricity situation is at out there I
bought a little a little phone charger a
little backpack
I'm scared guys
do you excited that it's dusty yeah we
have no idea what to expect the Amazon
rainforest
Oh sweeties thank you to God for they
get the logic oh okay you sweetie done
look at Oh
so landed in manaus
when strolling through to the arrival
I have to take this sweater off because
it's quite warm here
but there was freezing egg but on the
plane
so much warm-up is completely different
completely different climate of the
north of Brazil
birthday bag done already enjoy a good
idea to boy reach it back
all right we need to try and find the
guy picking us up how many just sign
from
hello yeah
we were wandering in the jungle is there
electricity yeah and is their mobile or
Internet
well Wally ones and she could do the
workout in Japan but no like right by
organ only one will Bailey because we
have a 1900 so like satellite he over
good blew through love connection no
internet
so we've stopped off for some food but
as you heard guys there's no internet in
the jungle which are kind of a guest so
there might be a few days while some out
there where there's no vlogs going up
but I'll try and stagger them when I get
back so it'll be like staggered uploads
or something I don't know I'll figure it
out but the weather is incredible so so
warm we've hooked into Subway sandwiches
and this is the first time my dad ever
had a subway it's smooth
city of miles we relocated our thermal
hotel under a perfect straight line
inside 87 kilometers away from my house
okay.thank tell me traveler my ride it's
just quite by people so just before we
settle into where we staying tonight
climbing up into the roof and checking
out this amazing sunset so I panicked
guys I thought I'd left the battery to
my nice camera at Dan and Rio but we
found it I'm just getting a little a
couple of minute time-lapse of the Sun
setting you can't quite see but it's
just what tip over that building what an
amazing evening so we arrived in Manaus
not really knowing where we were staying
tonight or anything we didn't know the
full plan the plan is we're getting
picked up in the morning at 8 a.m. to
head into the jungle so we needed to
stay somewhere tonight and the guy who
runs the tour company has kindly offered
us to stay in his spare room so we're
just heading on there now all right
we've just wandered up where we're
staying and we need to go shopping so we
didn't get everything we needed for the
jungle so we're heading to the shopping
mall again a few extra milk
well this is very bizarre guys we
arrived in the Allison have we spent our
first evening in a shopping center
I think tomorrow night's gonna look very
different to this we're gonna be in the
middle of the trundle so
check out the new trendy lip gloss they
gold havaianas dinnertime
beans and rice beans and rice
traditional Brazilian food
I don't know Allah says
yeah sure I'll I'll pass you over to
though you're just here okay okay yeah
now we're just getting up food
okay
okay we're coming to meet you know this
looks amazing I got all these cool to
get daddy pastels no pastels chicken
mash some kind of Rafi soupy thing all
right we finished dinner and we're now
wandering around getting some
last-minute clothes and things of the
jungle
we again Darcy put in ring loose loose
clothes so it's gonna be hot out there
but you don't get mosquitoes all over
your skin biting you so loose cotton
clothing ideally so anyone ever been in
that situation girls where they've gone
on holiday guys and they run out of
their foundation and if you're in an
especially cool shade like I am you run
out and you haven't been able to point
it all day well we found my shade here
right man
essentials jungle essentials I think we
should buy a clock for the jungle so we
always know the time we need some John
snacks that aren't going to melt in the
heat
Cheers 1884 I like this choc cookie we
get the chocolate kiss I think I'm gonna
choke a biscuit snaps
something I didn't bring to the jungle
was a long-sleeve shirt so I'm just
trying on one now
like the words
my JumpShip
jocke the tongue guys red ball is so
expensive in Brazil compared to other
drinks but they keep it in a locked
cabinet that's how valuable it is
I can't get it I want I won't read cool
I got this top because it matched my
nails don't the accessorizing for the
jungle rubber head and bat
you're the bags all right we're having
to bed guys and as I was explaining
earlier we have an issue with Internet
over the next three days I think so for
three days you won't hear from me by the
time this vlog is uploaded I will be
deep in the Amazon rainforest exploring
and having lots of fun and you'll get to
see all of those vlogs when I get back
in the three days so hang in there and
there'll be tons of vlogs getting
released over the weekend and early next
week more than usual so I can catch up
with myself we will see you in three
days peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
