hey I'm Haley and you're watching fun
for Louis right this morning we're
heading back into London got Steve hmm
and mums gonna select again this is look
as we're sharing a car and this means
that there's cars available for my mum
and dad's wasum London
luckily - Steve's train is running late
so we actually made it and we managed to
get coffees and meemers good Danish
pastries today is glorious guys this is
when London is azbest sunshine chillin
so yeah it's so good in this thing love
London is when it's like this the best
way in the world I agree lifting in the
world in the sunshine guys I'm a big fan
of the TV series 24 and this guy just
told me that filming is seen as 24 here
it means leave the ducking into little
meeting this business time Deborah good
luck Steve fantastic Vance productive
lunch yeah got lots of stuff found must
be emails which means that now I can
kind of chill a little bit yeah now we
can go off for a lovely stroll around
London I think we should go the bikes go
for that yeah Boris bikes why we were so
ease we were looking at who's connected
to her Wi-Fi and for some reason that
phone his phone was called Steve Boris
is fine
why is your phone call Boris Boris feel
a little bit bad that I'm on a penny
board as Steve is walking but I feel
that bad
let's get these bike Steve just printing
these guys out my god
recently party lights love it yes anyone
else noticed this Sphinx in London
before
being sleepy just ducks into clusters
I'm finishing my upload and we're gonna
put some Instagram photos are the
streets a big one but guys check just
broke my iPhone charger just randomly
snaps I may have snapped then out of
anger it wasn't working
imagine if iPhone charges with that
smaller the whole thing could just
charge from that Steve's gonna get a
train home sort some stuff out we're
still hopefully gonna meet up later and
potentially go down to bright we go no
yeah I'm gonna go and cycle meet some
other friends see you later
but huh
how's the exhausting guys are searching
for about about 45 minutes maybe an hour
I feel exhilarated I think I could get
into socially it's good
I don't usually enjoy exercise but I
actually enjoy siting on a warm summer's
evening
Oh spring Schlitz a spring it's a spring
of summer I don't really know further
summer turns out this is the most
westerly Barclays bike stand in London
and so I'm switching to my penny board
to travel the rest of the distance right
had a great evening
you catch now some friends and now Steve
has kindly come and picked me up because
I kind of got stranded a little bit as
there's a few trains left like last
trains but it was it was you know it's
getting late and they've been long and
stuff so Steve came up and pick me up
thanks man
to make it if that's a good friend right
he's a good friend and we're really
tempted to drive down to Brighton and
hang out with Alfie and play Minecraft
but it's already midnight we're trying
to make the right decision so we think
this an emotional that is if we went
down we wouldn't sleep and I'm already
ill from lack of sleep so I think we can
leave it to another day that's probably
the best idea but we can still play
Minecraft but I hardly want to play
Minecraft then Steve pops into our late
night office but we they're cleaning
upstairs so we came downstairs and we've
been drinking herbal tea and orange
juice because we just had too much
caffeine recently you're in a bit of a
detail Steve
yeah I think I need to take some advice
from Steve Leo needs to follow in his
example and I have tonight and it's
helpful for my sort of throat as well
though it's nice it's good catching up
not
backstreet's back alright
yeah Steve it's been a pleasure hanging
out tonight and I'll see you tomorrow
Matt's been fun brain
you sleep well yeah Bosh et bro you know
it's straight up in bed
wait yeah no I was a bit oh thank you
man
right I love you babe I love you to me
we've had a good day today we didn't end
up going on to Brighton tonight but I
think we will in the next four days and
tomorrow I am gonna be hanging out with
a few friends haven't seen for a while
and yeah get some sleep
peace out enjoy life
