hello my name is Manu I'm from Spain and
you're watching Fanta Louise joy I have
jumped in Rodney and I'm heading over to
see Steve I think we're gonna go into
Kingston and try and get me some glasses
because you see my guys you know how
broken they are I don't think these are
repairable I tried to brighten the other
day so we may just have to pick up some
new frames and where we go in you're
going to Kingston and I think we're
gonna get smooth glasses man we don't
shopping
right we're in the optician it's too
late for me to get another test so I'm
gonna have to go out tomorrow but we're
gonna pick out some frames so we just
have a little look Steve saying less
harsh than my old friends yeah maybe
we'll see we're trying a few a little
look
well the glasses are a bit pricey in
there so we're gonna go have a look at
specs Davis if we fix them out yeah we
could not find any glasses so he's gonna
pop in again coffee what did I what
so we're coming back empty-handed but
I've got a bit of a better idea of what
kind of glasses or underwear and buying
stuff do Rodney
all right drop Steve back he's gonna
stay in this evening with his cool hat
and halo Bay yeah well you've been
watching oh right
do you leave the TV on hold oh yeah
sometimes if we leave that that we will
need to see you going through Brian
heading off now I'm gonna get to grab
some dinner with its unfortunately
living a little bit too you where to go
penny boarding but hopefully it'll dry
out the clouds look like
it's a problem with England always
raining I've just come out to Ben's
house look at Ben's new puppy Alfie
hello Alfie actually when you bought him
what breed is it is it spent area hello
it's been terrorist he's so friendly
right we come down to Hampton Court
there's a nice little curry house down
there was another trial flight I think
there is any way banquet Indian banquet
you excited about this Ben yes I'm
getting around my mouth an embodied guys
just got back to Ben's and I've been
waiting to announce this because the
YouTube subscribers haven't updated and
they haven't been updating but they have
now and I'm excited to announce I've hit
seven hundred thousand subscribers yeah
very nice a good finish thanks guys
thanks to everyone that subscribes to my
channel it means a lot to me
cannot believe that seven hundred
thousand people Wow yeah women when may
have been met with it year ago it was
about a year ago about a year ago and we
met I only had armed noe that's awesome
awesome I love you guys right I'm
leaving been seen that man and we just
found out we're gonna be both in London
tomorrow so we're gonna have some fun
tour afternoon yellow coffee yeah silly
man
oh I got home and then Steve came over
we're gonna have a little try thanks
Dave we're not sure what we're doing yet
we might go put on coffee at Starbucks
or something but we just got a guy up a
little Drive have a bit of a creative
brainstorm about some exciting stander
something but in our late-night
Starbucks office guys and means me and
Steve of being good boys decaf cuz I've
got go early what early this is cool
back back to the brainstorming now I'm
back in England excited yeah it's really
fun but me and Steve are heading home we
just had a pretty awesome chat about
various things one of them being find
the nomads clothing do you like this
jumper enjoy maybe see my red one as
well but we were just thinking that we'd
love to know from you guys what do you
want like obviously we're gonna be
releasing some new clothes and all that
what do you want the weather gets better
as it is it's England now it is
summoning the now and it's well most
yeah what's your favorite stuff is there
stuff you want us to very this is stuff
you want us to re-release what kind of
items do you want as the weather's
getting better a lot of you are in
England I'm guessing a lot of you maybe
in other countries as well and also
something that we've had a bit of
feedback from you guys that some of the
items are a little bit too pricey so
we're looking at dropping the pricing on
a lot of the stuff looking at ways we
can do like bulk orders on things and we
still want quality but we want to look
at sourcing we've looks you know Steve's
putting a lot of time sourcing slightly
cheaper places that still make good
quality and ethical as well and for the
bracelets guys we're gonna be bringing
these out again with we've actually done
a real pro play switch makes them to
look at cheaper materials and all that
so all of that's in the pipeline we
haven't got date set for new releases
and stuff yet but we just want your guys
feedback so please comment below and
tell us how we can improve find the
see let's date 11 see yes it's my brain
boom
peace out peace out enjoy life all right
I'm gonna head up to bed
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow morning
I'm heading into London for a couple of
meetings probably hang out with Stephen
Ben again maybe Nadine some other people
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
