hi guys I'm looking to lose and you're
watching fun for Louie good morning guys
is pup was 9 i've had three hours sleep
and we are on our way back sorry it's
been a lovely time Brian Hayden Dave
sleepy I have mostly the new bound ready
for the world me and David got nice
little beds in the back here Steve's
driving runners back to pats at home I'm
actually gonna go to sleep you know
someday that's time yeah roast dinner
roast beef is making all those delicious
lunch we're now gonna have a look at
this package that my dad's doing the
post the peeling oranges is it yeah I
need gavel so the family doesn't chorus
you can't get me sir in orange do you
think my friend Brazil send them in
China we have a go
that is this gonna get messy is my gram
hmm no yeah this should just cut down to
the fleshy pay get rid of these skin and
all the pith and no juice until you do
so i reckon ha that is the longest
orange yellow cinema life it's amazing
oh no no no i did take a 30 TT leaking
butter I think we're going to come back
to the oranges I think it's a bit of an
artful we are now trying an apple by
let's have a look at this oh yeah
oh that is cool yeah you've got to find
a dish dad that you can make with that
my packet yeah you can make some really
cool desserts with that like this out
here good thing about the weekend guys
is that people are around if you're
living with your family they're not work
my dad's no work today so we're trying
to think of something fun to do is windy
outside so we came up with this plan to
make a kite so we're just watching
YouTube tutorials at the moment so got
off frame we're just measuring on this
bag to see we can use this is the main
kite fully luckily my dad had some tight
string looking all right I was looking
up all right so we got the frame down
the string around the outside now we
just need to attach
so my dives attached a pretty tale upon
the koi and we're going to go out and
experiment hopefully we can get this
flying it's maybe a big failure how
confident you about this dad 5050 I I
think it's going to just twist and do
not knives coupon no it's all about
Justin things and sort of like problem
solving we if it doesn't go right first
time Justin but you know right next time
the town is weighing down so i'll take
my socks off so now Louie is putting his
wallet in the sock to create an wait
well this is 90 well guys but stick an
eye out sure we can get to get us out
kite making is hard
I think a combination of the winds dying
and our bad kite making skills then this
has been a complete failure but no or
video or normal youtube videos tutorials
are amazing no this is one of them and I
think this just means that we're gonna
have to attend this again maybe do our
research bit better but um if anyone's
good at making kites maybe you can give
us some tips all right we're gonna head
gonna head home maybe you guys could go
and make a kite with your dad or someone
important in your life and have some
bonding time like we just did right we
send up some food what have you made for
us dad really he did like a memory food
I made the other day with lots of chili
oh right I jumped the next car we're
going out for a little Drive and we may
do some penny boarding and we may get a
coffee David Beckham yeah right Oh seen
this guy since June we think June last
year which is like ages we like used to
like live together unofficially oh yeah
hello I'm good but it's good to us good
to see each other probably oh nice
little catch up tonight yup dismissed
you
whoa we are at the late night skate spot
have been here in a long time and I'm
looking forward to this
right turns out we've bumped into our
friends mountain will cheers guys just
kind of shake it up star box Eve look at
me i'm vlogging you look at me crazy um
guys I just go in the car and I may have
spilt coffee on me that's definitely not
we knew he's urinating coffee Oh guys
look how many valuable as we got guys is
my friend now and she's an extreme penny
border she looked look at that that is
crazy you're crazy how's the first time
I use it that is insane and these are
tough these boards are tough I had a car
on I'm open but it did break
so much fun right 20 plus 12 and we're
we're heading off it's been a fun like
neck I've I'll and I'll see you soon bro
miss you man peace out babe holla I'll
catch you tomorrow for another fun day
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
