what is up guys my name is Daniel
Anthony and you're watching fun for Lily
good morning guys well it's actually
afternoon me and healthy or no sometimes
this would be the morning we're still
the other day in the morning technically
today before some let out there get the
easiest like face cleansing moisturizing
thing cuz I need to start looking after
my skin guys I'm aging rapidly we're
going to use some stuff and this stuff I
see what after you don't want to eat
yourself now
yeah I'll give you one of these what do
we do then I just wrote me just rub it
all over your face so just rub the black
white Sookie stuff all over my face
it feels so squeaky clean how many twice
a mission this is weird I never thought
would be pampering my face now you know
yeah and look like my face with them
guys so me Alfie and Jerry are heading
out and Tyler Troy Connor and Corey are
coming out stat Zoe's days hi day thanks
for letting me stay Zoe yeah we see you
later we're gonna come back later and
have dinner and fun and games
we have left Zoey's now filled up with
fuel
we're heading into town do some bits
mobs but the weather the weather is very
early look at this rainy this is
basically why I imagine but I think of
English weather
we've ducked into little toy shop to
look for and some game ideas who want to
draw these videos I'm very easily
entertained probably go get these bulls
on that velcro head tweezer get it yeah
we're getting chances unlikely oh that
was close
that's close I'm quite that's right
oh did you get some fun games Jerry oh
yeah balloon game
but I also got us some surprise what's
this
just wing really jumped one is a
difference like temperature you've done
it what it is
alright I was just saying I might just
like dip like I might dip all of mine in
x-ray so hot so it's not gonna be rude
and we have lots of food all the food
has arrived
are we duck into pasta I have to try and
combat my food coma from down those with
a with a little latte
where you got there we got a large latte
up and I'm sleeping Bob walking private
Becket Alfie's house I'm gonna get on
some work River back in the office this
is a nice work environment that's cool
and then tonight we may be going to
check out some gigs is to start with the
Great Escape which is like a four-day
music event and brighter tomorrow and
Saturday
Josh record is before me also we've
managed to get some tickets for that to
be fun we're going to check on right now
to see see who's playing tonight made
out they aren't really clued up on the
latest bands music trends are we helping
my hand open much all that stuff like
this good job yes we have moved through
to the living room because we can all
get Wi-Fi in here and we're about to
have a big Minecraft game are we doing
this for a gaming video yes I believe so
once we figure out what the heck we're
doing we get one thank you always look
at Jerry kill me
I got a little man oh this is a key ring
is this an earring hey boy what are you
doing here Minecraft world it's a real
nice my car yeah you make your outlet
paper like I know we can use a little
men in it Alfie what we got for dinner
God brick of rice Alfie finds this rice
weird this is sticky rice what up this
is why why can you do that reverse we've
had quite a lazy evening so far and we
are now heading back over to Zoe's the
other boys are all settled in I think
we're gonna have another movie night I
love movie nights it's been the most
relaxing last few things like the spider
the moment yourself again why is he
doing it to be so weird right we're just
walking to the car we think we may you
think we may have a parking ticket do we
have a pocket to girlfriend course not
we flag there game secondary yeah
reports for hours of our parking ticket
gamble and they paid off you can't be
there Alfie
I look a lose a little sleep in the back
is literally bed want my slippers on
iPod knees awesome isn't it yeah we
definitely need to go for another trip
in this in this van somewhere I reckon
around Europe again stopped off for some
snacks rations we have arrived so he's
setting the film up what film are we
watching
it's another scary movie you guys want
you guys looking forward to that hello
Connor yeah I haven't said much I
haven't said hello to you guys yet how
was London been good we just went to
what was it off tarus Nick no done table
ever go sleep hey Corey hey Troy hi
Louie show them our seating positions oh
yeah so
Troy's just lying down here and I'm just
gonna be laying over this is like he's
like you know easier this is just
casually he's my pillow toys my pillow
it's nice I'm gonna get scared of scary
movies um probably am i crushing you
yeah where we love so is all the guys
went to bed and we are bucket Alfie's
now when I'm new minecraft server check
this out
I know guard look at the ash left if you
had a double bed move the tree house
yeah don't bed for us yes bro you're
down there yeah bro I'm just um I'm
about to go mining for some diamonds
guys we played Minecraft till like 4:30
in the morning and then I just passed
out and forgot to say good night so I'm
gonna say good night
it knows morning now and also if you
haven't seen I did a video with grace
which you can click on the screen now to
see it was lots of fun and you
definitely have to go and check it out
it's just it's the start of my new
series learn with Louie which I'm going
to be trying to do kind of collab videos
fun things with other youtubers and
people so yeah Lots in store I see it's
my piece I'll enjoy life I live the
adventure boom
