hello my name is slipper
I'm Sabrina I'm Malou Marconi area and
we're from Sweden and you're watching
fun for Louie boom mean Steven Steve me
my noble steed
very good yeah me and Steve had a lovely
sleep on our air beds and that was the
best air bed in the month they were very
luxurious and unfortunately he has to go
back for a meeting so I'm dropping in
the station but we've allowed just a rat
around about a tough time to have a
coffee and maybe a little bit breakfast
like obvious
delicious
just wait for the Train Steve got a
little cross on got a little cheers got
our copies see you later Steve tonight
yeah have a good day man I've come back
to Zoey's and she's making a chocolate
surprise yeah what's the surprise
surprise is that this make melted
chocolate be sure it anyway I'm excited
I've actually never had this before
you guys have shredded wheat yeah you
just put the whole or under the bowl
yeah Meg about chopped on direct Heat no
that's the kind of thing I do in a
little it'll burn it goes like weird
like crumbly consistency literally
nothing these have restaurant guys if
you don't like chocolate you're weird
what's the next step training week in
America we have a preacher because
that's how we do
reach all right so he's made these
lovely little um when he's cold these
little cakes now shredded we in
chocolate all these little lovely thanks
lo e VG fry we've had a quite a long
morning doing some bits box editing
chilling out now me and Althea headin
out by
malicious all right time for a late
lunch
in Bryan got go fish and chips there's a
really teeny tiny meal
I got a cheeky little bad cards that
sausage chips
yes bro so we just come to Alfie's
Parvin never seen him before
this is awesome man
bro bro what's that
that's my Ferrari I don't know you got
Ferrari yes look it's edit time for
being healthy or you're just crack
enormous and videos and I've got a video
I'm doing now if he's got a gaming video
it's very productive in here because
there's no wireless internet so I can't
get distracted on Facebook Twitter
Instagram bribery and Alfia finished our
work his house we are now heading over
the city
yeah super productive guys we're now
heading out to see Zoe and Joey who have
been doing other things today even
washing guinea pigs well I saw an intern
and they are we just washed passe
without all the wash pasty I've never
even done that
are we playing sleepy lions are we
playing sleeping lion how's your day
been
yeah yeah we wanted to watch them we
want to watch pigeon you wash person if
it doesn't like it's closing so chilled
really yeah say I'm British chicken many
Philip minimis little over little splash
of washing that olive oil everyone's
probably don't ask too much I don't
actually know why what do we works in
their next bit chicken yeah already wash
my hands water wash them with my way
let's chop up into nice delicious
Bosch fish till the gas down a little
bit you don't have spin what I it's been
everywhere oh boy
that makes me feel like a coconut do
that you run around there yeah what
solo you did all the work outfit so
they'll have that feel like I think yeah
good job man good job you did good yeah
it's funny better than last night is
this how you do that you don't have
scratch frying pan oh
what's next I'll be peppers which I
don't actually like I'm gonna hit men to
be nice to everyone else shucks I'm a
lemon Oh what's with the runny stuff
I'm not really sure what her loom
exposed to the light by now they've got
a little soggy I think it's supposed to
be crispy
five trees flip this over when I'm wiser
I put it in this town
yeah flip that oh that is exactly what
Olivia like yes we house outfit right
we're cuddling out for another movie
we'll move we watching tonight Joey
called her it's a little less than Jerry
eight she it's not the shoot movie it's
less scary than not apparently much
insidious to me insidious to okay this
sounds a little bit look more like I'm
gonna feel I enjoy you looking forward
to the film personally I very much am
why didn't my sounds like the Queen
we finished the movie guys it was
beautiful a beautiful movie artistically
sharp great storyline very emotional I'd
highly recommend going to watch her but
yeah it's been it's been a chilled
evening it's been just nice it's been
nice having some time hanging out laughs
Ian and so in Joey and looking forward
to the same tomorrow just just a
beautiful day I'll catch you guys then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
