well I had a bit the line today so much
more rested and to me my mom are gonna
go down and get some food for lunch and
it's a beautiful day guys
hey VIN today man good having some lovin
sometime save your energy for the lovely
this bass tomorrow brain you just have
to be there you just let the Sun come
take your breath away
save your energy for the love make this
path tomorrow brain you just have to be
baby just let the Sun company take your
breath away
well we had a lovely lunch we're now
going to visit my grandparents I haven't
seen him in a long time
we're all gonna try my grandma a
stairlift let's do this that was close
so that was really nice seeing my
grandma and grandpa and they got their
stairlift which after having a ride on
they got it this morning and I just
don't think about those kind of things
being a big deal but if you he was
saying she was worried about having to
walk up and down stairs she'd wake up in
the morning and she was worried about
having to walk down stairs and I just
never imagined those kind of situations
so like it was it's amazing to know that
installing like a stair lift can be such
a life-changing thing for someone I'm
heading over to see Steven Ben for the
afternoon gonna get some work done just
chill at Steve's it's gonna be nice it's
weird getting back in this side of the
car after driving on the left for so
long
yeah good
Vicky's arrived it's Lexie and I don't
reckon she recognizes I'm sorry she
routes that she doesn't really know
she's like it's that weird guy I've been
chilling at Steve's for a couple of
hours then went off to do something else
tonight and me and Steve gonna go and
grab some dinner I am hungry you hungry
Steve
so hungry man are we gonna match that's
a nice sound really is so much peace and
pastor holiday guys it's all about
adding chili oil to your beef so Pizza
Express a little bit of little bit on
there right I've popped back to my
parents I'm gonna pick up a food my bags
and things and I'm heading to Brighton
tonight I think Steve's gonna come as
well so he's headed home to get a few
things I saw let's show you something
guys I think I introduced you to the
other day - my sister's pet bird and I'm
trying to tame it because he's not used
to people yet Hey no hello hello
Hey okay then Darcy what super day mum
made meringues
oh yes perfect meringue training and
cheeky little coffee perfect dessert yo
Steve what is up where we have to we go
again to Brighton right Charlie's
alfea's Oh Ian Johnny Joey yeah Joey is
over from America busy is that GG fest
and he's sticking around for a week I
think all of the others are around as
well but I think there may be in London
tonight I don't really know yet but
we're going off for a fun little road
trip to Brian I'm excited yeah it's
gonna be fun and also my glasses are
still broken you may get some rope no we
can just get these dead men don't know
I'm gonna go into the opticians I'd be
like just plain extra guys they're like
I don't really even care what colour is
physics very much no they don't do that
anymore Brian what I don't do no
Caribbean crashed anymore man no so I
got me another country my favourite
drink
this is good one though cherry
I'm gonna try Caribbean burst Wow hello
yeah yeah we're on our way okay yeah
we're just getting this tiny bit and
Steve I know this TVA's flat this is the
lovely flat so how are you doing I'm
good how you doing Joey nice cozy
evening in Vince they've kind of got
here a bit late magic eyes yeah yeah me
too
and Joey does it as low yeah yeah yeah
the other night I don't know if I was
telling you guys with me and Alfie were
playing around with magic Hawaii what's
that squeaky noise
so this is apparently Jonas Easter egg
stealing so I just can't send this down
right we're cuddling up in the sofa
we're about to watch some horror movie
which really isn't my cup of tea is it
your cup of tea still that is Zoey's cup
of tea and I think this is gonna be I'm
not scared
I was just gonna pollute my mind it's
gonna sting Joey you're excited about
the horror film No
Oh what's this
two blowup mattresses these aren't any
old these are luxury beds this is it
this is not for like a blowback it's
like a full-on bed
okay Z now it's 2:40 these guys are off
to bed know that we're gonna have
breakfast in the morning all together
Steven Lee is still having a bit a
laptop Club but I think we're about to
head to bed so I say goodbye to you guys
and see you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
you
