hi my name is Maggie from North Carolina
and you're watching alright guys today
I'm gonna go hang out with Dave he's
just got to pick me up
we're dropping Casper off somewhere and
we're great we're going to go through
eat some gonna go to like a spa two days
back to the UK secondhand boats I love
you doubt those today's like today it's
all about convertibles I've been having
a lovely day with Dave catching up it's
been a long time like over six months as
you seen each other we're now dropped in
for a coffee
enjoying the weather weather is so good
today guys
all you said about this oh well you said
about like our day I'm saying
he's rolling deep hello mr Swan
how you doing goosey milk swap how are
you doing anyway Dave how's the UK it's
been a pleasure catching up Dave right
I'm back at my parents house my dad's in
hey Dad hi you havin a nice bank holiday
up still work actually yeah yeah I've
had my fun now got the game with the way
I have a little cup of tea we're having
a little catch-up and life's good I'm
feeling I'm today's a bit of a recovery
day for me because this week is being
insane we're still we might do a family
thing either tonight or some day this
week a little meal for my birthday his
eyes away
so my sister and her husband came down
and the whole family together and we're
gonna have a birthday meal tonight a
week late but still it's gonna be fun
gonna go down soon Nepalese food curry
it's wrong check this out guys this is a
little birthday present
it's a world map moister card holder
that is all so I can just choose where I
want to go next
check out this other present guys
ukulele chords this time when I get a
ukulele next I can um I can learn other
chords really easily I think no easy
face that should be a whole series in
your
I think I've lost my tolerance with
spites most vitalife anybody about half
my meal twice though you don't see where
you got there
eleven poly and ginger
I'm very jealous now Michael mixer buys
black iron mango I'm guessing this is
lemon oh that's a great meal great
family meal thanks mom and dad for a
birthday meal Hilary and Adam are off
thanks for coming down today here oh I
love my family
we are back from the meal now so nice
having a birthday meal with my family
even though it's a week late it was it
was something I've missed right now but
I can't believe haven't seen Hillary for
six months
that's insane like we have Skype so I
feel like I was doing a scene about not
very nice
and I'm gonna crack on with some editing
I've got some things to do is to be so
hectic over the last week that I just
have another chance to do some other
things to work not yeah it's been a
chore today guys well need is rest and
live naked ah
that's me done for the night guys I am
shattered it's been a great day like I
said just relaxing hanging out with the
family I think I'm gonna take it easy
catch up with some friends tomorrow and
then in the evening I am potentially
heading down to Brighton a bunch of the
US youtubers are staying with Alfie and
Zoe and Marcus and will get up to some
mischief this week so yeah see you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
