hey guys my name is SAS and I'm from
London and you're watching fun fully
enjoy good morning guys I am driving
with my mum on the way to visit my
grandpa and in hospital I'm going to
spend the better
we've just gone up to see my grandfather
and he's in the stroke unit he's not in
a great way he was actually having a
mini stroke when we arrived so he
couldn't actually like talk to us and
I've never seen in my lap and there's
the doctors trying to figure out the
best course of actions are gonna help
him
there's loads of complications so I
didn't want to like film in the ward
really now having to pick up Steve and I
think we're going to just have a little
catch-up and we're gonna head up to
London and see what the other guys are
going up to the Lambs I'm gonna try make
the mostess
of hanging out of friends it's crazy
it's been so long like the whole Canada
career for me being I don't even know
where I was
Europe you know before that happened but
he's going to try for a little bit so I
could do some editing whilst he's
driving out and we're going to drive up
into London and have some fun
how you doing anyways I'm good yeah yeah
that was pretty amazing yeah you guys
seen his Instagram and stuff not no it's
so so much fun and seabirds it's nice
but back in the UK and exciting I've got
shot like from some videos out there
blog posts I'm excited gonna get that
done me and Steve have arrived up in
central London and just parked up and
we're both quite peckish so we're gonna
walk over the river meet up with Nick
who's staying like in Westminster and
we're gonna go out for a little bit
lunch late lunch and a coffee
you ready for some food Steve very ready
get that snapchat game ah
we're gonna go for another little cycle
rides going meet Nick Barclays bikes
Danno well we've arrived
Mel with Nick hey man hey feelin well
we're gonna get some food sit this
doctors in Eva and I'm uploading from my
phone
Desiree and we're gonna go and see what
Jesse Jr and Justin are up to take the
gun out for dinner
although we literally just ate so now is
gonna work oh just chill with them
but this arrived at this restaurant
it's voted the best restaurant in London
this year I think we feel a little
underdressed
okay then was like kind of posh here
yeah we're all kind of casual and I
think being thank you Steve is gonna get
drinks maybe a nice dessert whilst these
guys are eating out these girls
I got dessert and this is the Mars bar
cheesecake gonna try stop I do what I'm
afford have mine I've got four canisters
right another
Mars bar like this yeah wrong boy at
Mars for Tuesday
that's good huh he recommended it very
good
it's like the cheesecake on the inside
of a man's butt mixed together
did you try somewhere there Cena some of
it that's good you should order that
those guys come back to the hotel to get
warmer clothes and I've scrolled down we
have Steve the neck to the Apple store
I'm gonna sit outside and quickly upload
my vlog because I just got a bit delayed
today and I haven't unloaded my vlog yet
Steve told me there's a bearded shoe
there'll be in the shoe singing my
tongue go get the beat out your shoe is
uploaded now heading back to the hotel
on the way Steve's just going to go and
buy a car what are you saying about this
car thing getting very run I don't want
in those colors though would you throw
there for the other guys and we're now
going on a bit of a late night adventure
a cycling adventure fun do enough
siphoning around London and the good
thing about these bikes as well as their
24-hour accessible so we're gonna go and
get some and I think Donna a cruise down
to Tower Bridge we're also going to find
out where this lights coming from
but on the bikes on the bike
this is amazing
this is amazing guys I've never seen
anything like it I don't know how many
lights are here how many drive in the
hit like 30 maybe 30 lights and we're
just walking throughout them and if you
look straight up
it's just mesmerizing there alright so
we're just lying down on the floor now
looking at the lights and it's kind of
magical with this noise that they're
playing these lights ambient light
chill-out sounds that's crazy
I've honestly never experienced anything
like this and with these little moths
flying around they're just so magical
well that was pretty incredible we're
now continuing the adventure we're going
to head down past the houses of
parliament and big ben and take a little
cruise on the river this is this is
lovely
it's already 1:00 in the morning guys I
don't know how that happens so Nick's
staying around here I think he's uh he's
staying in the houses of parliament so
he's gonna leave us here yeah still a
bro catching the next couple of days
you're gonna break your bike Road
that's cool our little it's been too
short because his Chuck never rain and
we're just finding under a bridge right
now but we're gonna venture out park the
bikes up and then luckily we've talked
Rodney right down there so we're gonna
drop the guys back at the hotel they go
green yeah yes Rodney right we managed
to get to Rodney but the battery's flat
guys listen I reckon we could get try a
little push start I don't know how it
works with automatic like guys can you
push start an automatic car a little
update these guys try to push the car
apparently you cannot push start this
automatic maybe some of its mass is not
this one did not work you can't start
the engine in second so we're thinking
of maybe tweeting out see if anyone
what's come and help us with jumper
cables because I don't think I've got
breakdown color this is where we've
broken down and we're just waiting to
see if anyone replies to our tweet
saying that they can come and rescue us
if not we're gonna have to think of a
back-up plan maybe just flag down a
random car Rodney why are you doing this
to us Rodney I thought Rodney was caught
and stuff hello this is Louie yeah good
we're street wraps in London and we've
just tweeted out and I think you may
have tweeted back saying you might be
able to help us out yeah so this random
guy and just pulled up and I said to
them bro could you help us out we need
jumping
he's got some jumper cables so we just
connected them up he's gonna drive and
we're gonna gonna try and jumpstart
Rodney
so whilst we're waiting for this guy who
responded to our tweet what's your name
Corinne yeah two creams just arrived but
we've also got this guy helping us out
we're gonna get weight thanks for
hitting down let's try it let's try it
give me a give it a little bit more they
connected up but we just need to wait a
little bit to charge the battery
so he got back to the hotel see you
later guys that's all right
sleep well lots of flora yeah so me as
Stevens just stopped off on the way home
to get some food you happy Steve you
happy about the food haven't had dinner
yeah cuz we had such a late lunch and
then we had a little dessert and a
little dessert for dinner
so what happened now I'm hungry I know I
said you know bro we just got back Steve
Steve chill out bro well I'll go back to
my parents house after quite an
action-packed evening and I'm gonna get
some sleep and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
