Road Trip 2014 you ready for the
gathering yeah shining welcome to London
let's go
see we've been having a lot of fun and
the coach on the way to the meetup this
morning I'm feeling good having a good
day today slept well that's right we've
arrived at the venue this morning and
English thousands of people waiting to
say hello somewhere guys breakfast has
arrived breakfast has arrived
you pumps are so hot man so you pump
justice London is
Jesse you Dennis those prints
justice yes Deborah it great get ready
to be all these beautiful people
right the meetups going well just met
these girls how you doing can we play
this game okay let's play it's really oh
this is way too low
I finally finished the line of people it
was amazing meeting everyone they can
see key team in our tearing up all the
lines from but look at Lily's lines
though
it's been so much fun for that you girls
enjoy today
so the meetups over me and Nick have
jumped in a cab we headed back to the
hotel gonna get some feed I am hungry
but it was so great to meet you guys
another burger this trips had a lot of
burgers in it so after lunch I headed up
to my hotel room
and crashed out for a couple of hours
now we're heading off for a night out
we're going for dinner Palma garden at
some sushi place and then we're going
out we've talked bar and Ben is about to
London to join us scenes to see go back
from Canada it's gonna be a nice little
reunion get dressed up again you guys
were absolutely fantastic thank you very
very much
rush sat down thickness arrived is fair
either brush
I've been traveling around the world
just left the sushi place and we're now
heading to a rooftop bar to some
shenanigans
guys join the fighting and tell us the
bad news alley about you having to leave
very soon
but we are actually planning some
adventures later in the year
I'll let you guys know the promise is
not real it's a read back in Australia
we have these all the time we just flick
them out of the toilet every morning
sometimes I get stuck for us
okay so he's just wondered that way okay
look to it I'll take the phone so good
Ali how was that lucky bend robots we
jumped in his car
but it's the end of the night these boys
are all pleased
well that was it that's the end of
Contiki and I kind of feel sad I said a
lot of good boys tonight because a bunch
of the guys they had enough first thing
in the morning to the airport and I'm
not going to see him kind of kind of
weird bonding so closely with so many of
the other guys and then it's all a blur
I guess this happens a lot in my life
because I'm traveling around a lot and
spending intense amounts of time people
and then not seeing afraid us but it's
uh it's been an amazing time away and
it's weird been back in London the last
day or so and this I'm still kind of on
the trip it's kind of still part of this
kind of holiday kind of road trip and
then I'm back in London I'm like oh I
like I'm staying in the hotel tonight
it's just the night it's just weird
tomorrow I'm gonna be hanging out with
Ben and he's got some shopping to do
before he goes away and we want to spend
some quality time together before we
both go off in different directions
again so I'll catch you tomorrow morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
