good morning guys
we are leaving rhetoric in Iceland today
and we are heading to the UK it's kind
of noisy URM because we've just arrived
at the airport we just fueled up the
plane about to throw our bags in and
yeah and then head up the weather is
looking pretty good and yeah it's gonna
be a long day of flying again let us
know
I mean honestly I'd probably rather just
stay nice on a few more days okay
fueled up we are ready all the bags are
in we've got snacks accessible and
obviously got our full immersion suits
drying their suits on as before
all of our ocean crossings we need to
wear these just in case we have to ditch
the plane and survive in the cold sea
how you guys feeling ready to fly
right the plan is now we've got three or
four hour flight over the ocean to
Scotland where we're going to we're
either going to stay there for the night
or we're going to refuel and head down
to the South of England yeah I think we
make a good time against its kind of
weather dependent and every single part
of this trip is yeah I'm feeling good
didn't get a lot of sleep but I'm
feeling good really good it's gonna be
fun to see people in the UK
we have potato chips
we have pop-ups we have a bunch of
different like breakfast bar color
drives will open orders we have always
shoes peanuts any of those I think is
more comfortable and it also just
handles better why I mean it's just
smooth rounded controls others heavy
doesn't have you have the controls
yeah
no eggs didn't change their batteries
there's nothing in this plant my mind
that's like
our little over 200 miles out got one
just southwest to the Faroe Islands over
here apparently I'm getting cell service
right now just crazy and just crossed
from Reykjavik airspace over to I was a
kid I used to fly with my dad I used to
do that all the time
and I didn't realize that he could hear
it 5.7 DME we start out in uniform Roger
I was just looking out for icebergs and
then I was like I know there's no ice
back there
bluebirds got this totally amazing I
think it's pretty crazy to think we flew
this plane here yep set afire by Italian
to backtrack line up from a tree one by
Charlie at the bug truck light weight
room went 3-1 battlefield oh my yeah I
guess this is the last we're gonna see
if the seats for a while all right Wow
so just landed in wick lick food the
most like northern point of Scotland of
ever being is from Riya the top and I'm
really shocked at how I'm feeling I
feeling I don't know like I really am
sensing the connection with Scotland if
you don't know guys I'm half Scottish so
my mum side of the family's all from
Scotland not this far north but yeah it
feels really weird I guess the fact that
we we flew in ourselves from California
that we've made it this far and in this
tiny plane it feels a lot you've way
more different from flying commercially
across the Atlantic but just to kind of
cruise in and this tiny plane as we have
like it feels amazing to me that we're
in Scotland now and yeah like I said I
feel feel very connected to this place
can I get kind of emotional so this
control tower we've just walked able to
do some paperwork
this is tower and we've just been shown
in this room here and this desk is
original world or two I've got a little
coffee and we're just trying to figure
out now
whether we're gonna stay up here tonight
we're gonna head down to a London
Airport and there's a few little things
we need to have checked over on the
plane and we need to kind of have that
done over the next few days that we it's
all kind of because everything's so
last-minute we're trying to get hold of
people figure out where the best places
we can stay all these kind of things so
we uh we made the decision to stay in
stay in Scotland tonight there's no
point rushing down to England so yeah
we're gonna make the most of it okay
this is drew he's gonna help us out
yeah he's been sticking around awaiting
for us very patiently so before we head
to where we're staying just swing and
past this epic castle just have a little
look at that - this out it's got like
four four with the corner there top one
there and it does that is that Terrace
oh my gosh tartan carpets awesome this
couldn't be more Scottish okay oh I love
retro world maps hey guys just as a
recap okay
we're left here flute flew across here
up to Boston all the way up - yeah equal
is that that's it crossed Greenland - no
he went through Nick and then across the
ice cap across the ice cap Reykjavik
boom down here that is that's a fair way
around the world really weird wrecking a
quarter guys check this place out
yeah this is something special on it
I'm kind of sad we're not gonna be
staying here tonight but will this is
definitely somewhere I want to come back
to and enjoy it probably it's pretty
romantic in there so I think me and Ryan
could be well guys we're just gonna go
check out Scotland's biggest treehouse
I'm gonna can check out Scotland's
biggest tree so you give it a million
intimacy at and look how epic it is
coming into it I've seen pictures of
this online this is it's the roof
oh my gosh it's so cool and it's
actually suspended by the trees it's not
just unlike strikes you'll see there's a
few strands but I mean there is the
trees do support a lot but that feels
pretty genuine to me that like the trees
are coming up through it
oh my gosh they're coming out of the
roof this is insane
this is like my dream it's flat back oh
my gosh what is this this is like a
magical fairytale
look at that this is yeah this is
basically my dream home I'd probably do
it higher over could get it a bit higher
off the ground Wow
because often these branches coming up
roof that is that is actually insane so
Matt is going to try the haggis which is
a very traditional Scottish dish if you
didn't know ok Matt what your consensus
on the haggis obviously I'm not I'm not
gonna be in haggis but back when I when
I was Ian me I actually quite enjoy it
to the taste of haggis haggis hey hey I
guess I guess it's all pretty similar to
me alright dinner is over we are now
commencing laptop Club the rooms a
little bit small so we're gonna take
over this lounge area which obviously no
one's in right now cuz it's like 11:00
p.m. we're gonna stop a little
workstation and guys I'm trying my
hardest this Oh break everything and
though I'm trying my hardest to catch up
for you catch on my gloves and it's it's
a challenge it's a fun challenge barely
getting any sleep got a bit of like 6:30
this morning I'm gonna try and pull
another all-nighter
I probably shouldn't have decided to do
these around the world vlogs in 4k
because the render time is just immense
but I'm on top of it I'm gonna try and
be anyway we're who'll stay thinking
about leaving super early in the morning
because there's like this abandoned
castle near here and like the sunrise
it's gonna be epic I'm not usually a
morning person but Matt is convinced me
we should go for a photo walk and get
some cool shots and then yeah hopefully
we're gonna be heading down to England
tomorrow and meet up with some friends
catchup my family a little bit and oh I
cannot believe we've made it across the
Atlantic it is honestly the most
incredible feeling and yeah we're all
just buzzing loving this trip so much I
hope you guys are too and yeah I just I
can't really put it into words how I'm
feeling but I'm just feeling amazing you
know yeah see you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
