I'm name's Henry from New Zealand and
you're watching fun fluey enjoy good
morning guys
that's pretty early I am white that new
plane
I don't know I can't handle these early
mornings they've got like a two-hour
drive to our next thing we're leaving
Florence and I'm I'm gonna sleep in the
background again
so we've arrived somewhere I don't know
where and I was asleep when we've been
getting told what it was so he's all the
big surprise so we finally got to this
town on the top of the hill and there is
the most phenomenal building a little
bit this incredible incredibly detailed
extravagant Church this is what all
theatre looks like it's a medieval town
and then stuck right in the center is of
amazingly oversized church dedicated to
that miracle I was telling you about
what do you think we build Spain
that's all guys talk about
so this church building is built in 1200
and Sunday which is over 800 years ago
same so that is insane I had to build
this funny cloak because I think my ass
then my shoulders were offending me
we catch them getting told off for
filming in there so you can really see
the true beauty but it was incredible
really special isn't it amazing we're
taking a little stroll around this town
found an armor shot I kind of want metal
ones oh you'll get one of these and when
we go to right
I'm so jealous I can't wear helmets I
wish I could kiss my history babe I'll
try though these helmets my head was
smaller I check this guy out
Oh guys that is heavy no no no we found
this queue there restaurant we're
getting some lunch
guys this is called a calzone
e-especially a piece are folding the
half before we head off we're gonna get
some dessert
this place is famous for gelato
apparently the staff showing gelato is
the world all right ended up going for
pistachio and chocolate and that
chocolate is really rich we had little
tasters first Oh what did you do for
Lily
but safer option but still happy option
of chocolate chip and mixed origin all
the chocolate chips are above it's all
about chocolate
what's the F alright I got mustachio in
coconut
they're amazing so a complete user and
this is our first challenge and I
something involving tasting stuff I
don't know whether its food or wine
they're laying out the table ready
ladies getting stranger and stranger
just being given a bottle of baby stairs
that poor baby how the baby's oh it
tastes like tears of bait I don't really
taste fantastic in the form of baby
tomorrow okay YouTube we're now doing a
speeding condition with the name kaha
congratulations ollie cheers man it was
so close to me and Jessie I kept on
looking at his pizza and he was so close
but very did it yeah just pulled it off
let's roll
let's go
you can see like a glimpse into ancient
Rome through there before the 1700 this
all would have been just completely free
to people to just walk around and then
he became UNESCO and obviously projected
chill in the hotel on the way getting
back on the bus I love all these
buildings with I easy all over them look
at this and then check this one out over
here literally the whole building is
covered top to bottom in IV looks
awesome a I'm really looking forward to
exploring right all right
it's we just as we drove through there's
just tons of stuff I haven't seen before
I think this is my third or fourth time
here but I just got feeling I could
spend months here just exploring all the
little side roads and
we just arrived at a pizzeria you excite
the more peace rally they are carne any
movie no Cristiano is the pizza
it's a shame yeah so this building you
speed prison apparently it's quite cool
guys I just spiked this here's an actual
bear trap and I think it's still
operational we just have to pitch this
down you like open easy
I don't really want to do it because I
think that could actually work we just
got back from dinner the others have
decided to jog down to the Coliseum
which is like two miles away which is
quite ambitious so one of the things we
want to do what in Rome is dressed up as
gladiators and reenact things and take
all place we've just spotted these
plastic gladiator suits I think their
children's that's definitely children's
once I said I'm literally a Roman
soldier I all right how much is that
that's legit metal I think we need metal
swords guys these plastic ones aren't
gonna cut it they aren't gonna cut it
there we go new pillow see what
this is what we won but I don't know we
can get away with that on this this 120
X is it work but I don't think that fit
me either
can I try out as I make the Romans had
dreads but it doesn't fit my head no
yeah very Hadji fits my 10 10 to the
side again it looks so sick well we've
decided it's just too expensive to try
and get hold of a Roman outfit I'm not
sure maybe tomorrow we'll check out some
rental places and see if we can rent
some and play some cool photos are you
getting you some gelato what flavor you
going for so I chose coconut oh I didn't
realize about getting coins is it drips
all over you this is what I always get
involved this complete mess
chisel it I've never failed this hard
trying to eat ice cream
completely fine you never known it to
melt them Rebecca the hotel I'm pretty
tired this room is very warm the aircon
is not working and it's warm in Rome at
the moment but we've got an early start
I think like seven am I saying crazy we
going to the Vatican I'll see you
tomorrow morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
