good morning guys I just had the hottest
bath in the world our bar is actually
jacuzzi and I've come dance for
breakfast bumped into a bear next Eve
I'm gonna select a croissant something
Nick approves
that's so good right we're downstairs
we're getting ready to head out hey guys
how's everyone feeling ready to meet
some Italians
we've just arrived at the venue
Ben's been Rick stop to have some kind
of TV did you know that us really know
what's going on
I'm the only one who brought wide any
bored
excited outfit yeah that
how crazy this sorry
so many lovely yeah the boys ago that me
up
we have ducked out of the craziness for
a little bit I need to gonna find a SIM
card for my phone with data because the
internet so bad in the hotel was taken
about six hours to upload each vlog and
I and the Internet's pretty much
unusable to do other things so this is
my plan SIM card right I've gone up for
a little skate to find a SIM card I
found the shop but it's siesta time and
they're closed for an hour between 2:00
and 3:00 so I'm gonna go and get coffee
with the lads and then come back here I
think
delicious I've got ten good guys 10k for
the week should be okay
it's lunch time it is lunch time luckily
I found this cute little bakery that is
really wanted to get McDonald's but
we're denying access to the macarons it
has been a very successful little outing
got the SIM card got Internet box there
we can share like Wi-Fi and I got a
little were a little tasty lunch by me
next even been I'm gonna be meeting some
Italian there's a little line going on
here
hangout
it's been lovely being some amazing
people I don't I have clue how many
people I'm hearing out there
but the boys are doing their boy band
thing on stage over there and the toilet
Roy and Hannah are doing their little be
great greatness right whow what is this
thing you're joining it coming
everybody's so nice
well we got an hour and a half of a time
for a little red book and then me and
Ben have got a panel on the rickshaw run
apparently no we're gonna do tell them
what we did really heavy Q&A
we just hopped over the wall into this
abandoned building and we've Sam and
Jack and we don't really know where we
are but there's this massive painting
this is it this is actually a glass
floor yeah this is this is like an
abandoned squat
you don't know like waking or not I
think that's poisonous snakes here I'm
sure a little break and a drink and now
I'm in better doing this ritual run kind
of thing
how I saw it was missing on the trade
side like I said we could actually marry
something a white pilot we've got a
little cafe stuck we'd be living under a
slightly more badness to to the whole
adventure as well this really good day
there is two really good
taxi time that's bonus bye everyone
probably knit back the hotel and we are
now heading up some food I'm very hungry
licky we just bumped into hello guys how
was your meal as well like smiling fans
giving Nataly some penny board letters
cheers guys from five other angles check
the description for the videos everyone
blog there just in case you missed that
thank you thank you
Ben's in the center out on his Pisa
I hear this guy this guy's laughing
thousand followers on Instagram we've
only just started using the Metro the
taxes is so expensive this is way way
better
these guys are nutters
idiots
Louie chill Louie one proof that he's
Tarzan right we have got back the hotel
had a little rest now it's like 1:00 in
the morning we're jumping in a cab to
this club where there's an after-party
apparently it's not very good but we're
gonna we're gonna bring the party to the
club basically so Mary this club was a
little bit intense the guys talked how
early came across some position yeah we
just come and join them a little bit so
the night kind of fizzled out a little
bit but it was still good fun I'm saying
good night to these lads now night lads
whose whose oh another great day looking
forward to tomorrow guys second day of
its a tube catch her then peace out
enjoy life
