hey I'm Charlotte I'm from Germany and
you're watching thankfully we enjoy food
it's another beautiful day guys it's
already afternoon I've had a very rested
morning and before I get started on this
vlog I'd like you guys to go and help to
Steve out a lot of you know Steve Steve
actually runs a blog a male fashion blog
which is awesome if you haven't checked
out Steve pick it up Cody okay
he's entered a competition with at the
it's the company style bloggers award
now I'd love you guys to go over to this
and this link I'll link it in the
description enter his URL hair steeper
Cody Cody UK and select best male style
blogger and it's based on advice so if
you get some spokes you can win Best
Male stole of the year let's make it
happen let's make this happen guys let's
make this happen
pause the video now go do that what have
you sir Edwin what are you doing boy
we've gone out for lunch Republic again
are we Sam got a little smash wagon
reunion here
yeah that's me thank you
Australian pie thank you all right back
at the apartment it's the last time and
I am packing a lot of stuff I've managed
to collect over the last month or so I
met to make some of it some charity
shops I think I've gotten really close
done all my packing is done all right we
go in the car
we're heading to the airport and it's
sad famous joined us for the trip back
to my phone we are gonna try and stop up
and see Stefani we've got time as well
yo man make me brownies we're gonna
finish oh I'm having one last healthy
American meal before I head off so
health coach jr. how's your health email
it's amazing brought to you by Carl's
jr. as we go on we remember all the good
times we have so much more then an
amendment
he doesn't understand it we need all of
the names yes
thank you so much knew it positive vibes
positive vibes lure we all love you
security looks crazy at us now
we justify setting out to build a new
runway
would be there for a couple of hours and
I'm gonna get some sleep
this is the end of today even though the
time zones and stuff it messes up the
heaven joints before I say goodbye to
you guys
I just wanted to explain something so
beginning of my videos I've opened it up
a long time ago if you guys send their
intros to
not just promote your channels but just
to like you know tell people who you are
where you're from and to be creative now
a lot of the submissions I've had for
video intros
recently I have evil have been like
paying the channel name right the middle
of the screen and talking about that you
subscribe to my channel I'm all for
promoting you guys but that's not the
best way to get someone to want to watch
your content and I think it's a great
way to promote all of your guys YouTube
videos those of you get youtube as well
but I'd suggest
make a creative in trailer if your music
who do you think musical if you're if
you want to do an activity you know if
you want to do something be creative
with it film something well shoot the
audio goods use the best camera you can
get hold your hands on film it always
film with landscape don't seventy four
three videos please and
people will want to click through to
your channel if they find you engaging
and stuff like that I think if you just
send in a video like hey James subscribe
to my youtube channel you're watching
fun to do it with a big banner across it
it's not gonna work
so I'm just
just a suggestion but I love all the
intros you I sent there
just be creative and be dynamic and have
fun with it and if you want to link if
you don't have a little bit of on-screen
text at the bottom like a little thing
not too intrusive go for it
but yeah not able to go Justin will help
you guys promote yourselves better
alright
like I said gonna get some sleep Steven
better pick me up from the airport and
we're gonna have some fun for the rest
of the day tomorrow
it's gonna be a crazy few days peace now
enjoy life and live the adventure
