my name is Jake I'm currently in Iceland
and you're watching fun for Louie
enjoy good morning guys it's 6:00 a.m.
I've got all my stuff packed up and
we're off to the airport Nick it's
driving me in his beautiful minibus
Nick's been very kind and giving me a
lift because he's had to go up so early
to do it thanks give me this morning
they give me and Lily back Oh
roll
thanks Nick
that's all right man Celia Oh have fun
yeah you have a good day at work well
when I checked in last night I got a
digital boarding pass so I literally
only have to go to a desk today I just
go straight through security probably
need to drink my redbull first day that
was probably one of the fastest and
painless
security experiences I've had my life
magazine literally five minutes I now
when it finds a
our vixens I wanna try get camera I've
heard about these really cool cameras
cuz I got my DSLR stolen heard about
these lumix cameras
I might sue they've got one in there and
this Dickson's over here alright this is
the camera I've been hearing lots of
amazing things about the gh4 and I think
I might just go ahead and get that guy
where I've been standing here for about
45 minutes checking all these different
lenses out and how they perform with the
gh4 and I'm most interested in in this
one at the moment so 1235 guys this
camera
pretty amazing it shoots in 4k as well
so I'm trying to decide whether to shoot
some of my vlogs with it I'll definitely
be shooting some of the scenery and
stuff but I'm just kind of decide
whether to switch and use this camera
for some of my vlogging maybe in a
couple of days I don't know we'll do a
test day it's still test day turns out
my flight is late a little bit which is
fine for me I'm just glad I got my
pencil through
the gates quite far away
ladies and gentlemen is captain speaking
we are now starting our final descent
reversal not report for each other learn
in about 25 minutes
oh so happy there's a Economist Airport
the plane was very hot and this is why I
love not tricking in any bags I can just
cruise straight through but apparently
only white it's around this somewhere
but my phone's not get reception so I'm
just going to grab a cab to the hotel
right just a ride to the hotel look who
I found a bunch of people Jesse hey man
all right boy hey how is your how is
your flight I'm drunk yeah you're on the
toilet look good I'm so tired sorry
right I've just been waiting around for
the rooms to become available but in the
meantime lunch is served
yeah these tip my room out I've made
myself at home hanging my underwear up
to dry and still wet from washing your
last night also know I've hung my things
up stop them crinkling maybe I don't
know does that stop it quickly you know
finish my vlog and back up like that
amazing a bit hyper but I think I'm just
running on fumes because and you got
four hours sleep so I might have a
little nap because we haven't got
anything on the itinerary today it's got
little meeting with the guys at 5:00 and
I'll introduce you to the team and the
others come in on the continued trip but
we've got team meeting we're doing
introductory street race hello everyone
my name's Joe um I'm a your tour manager
for this let's continue to the road trip
I'm also a host for the YouTube continue
channel which is the episodes I will go
over every day right you people have
rested a bit more now we've left the
hotel and we're going for a little
wander down to the coach and then we're
going to head out tonight get some
dinner
check our Barcelona
how you doing Lily fantastic super how
are you I'm good
you jet-lagged a little bit a little bit
everyone all that beautiful thing now
you know you look good guys look at all
the power
how are you doing Ali doin all right I'm
good I'm very excited to be here yeah I
really have to be I'm excited I'm so
hungry
you know screams do you ever look a nice
little now no how you doing Ali I'm
doing good yeah really good you glad to
be in Barcelona so excited yeah this
road trip it's going to be amazing
this can't wait is it this is your first
contiki road trip isn't it it is indeed
and hopefully I'll be doing many more
after this we're we're trying to figure
out what the challenges are going to be
yeah we're going to be competing if you
guys don't know we're competing and
basically the winners get to give away
cool stuff to the to their viewers so if
I win things guys then you get to like
winner continually triple something I
think that's the way it works so and we
don't we don't know what they are
cheers Olly cheers man cheers literally
right before we eat with doing a little
intro for the Contiki videos that
they're doing on their channel I'll link
all that in the description if you want
to see throughout the week they're
paying daily videos up of our adventures
all films professionally so you check
that out I think they're going to do a
little that we're going to get a shot or
something I don't really know what's
going on
that's a wrap
food time please oh look all these food
days that is very posh so that's been
laid out very artistically look who's
arrived Joey how's your flight man that
is a good sized burger I'm happy with
that I was getting a little bit worried
with these tiny little gourmet portions
of food
right we finished our food and we're
just sing a little stroll around the
beach before we catch the poached back
to hotel and I'm trying out my new
camera and just trying to get some cool
shots to the harbour and basically this
camera's gonna be a lot better doing
low-light stuff like in the evenings and
things like that so I'm just gonna
experiment
we climbed up this thing this is cool I
kinda want to get like on the top hey
guys hey dammit I only come up bro come
on
I'm Joey you can do it you can do it
Joey
you get the girls are winning inside
it's easier if you go in and climb
go back hotel
I'm tired guys I think everyone's tired
we hopefully will get quite bit sleep
tonight we've got an early start like
knowing uh something but it's going to
be amazing new days are prolific what
visitor and dreads we don't assume well
it's been a great day and it's been so
nice hanging out with everyone and if
you remember most these guys I was on
the contiki Australia road trip with
there's a few new faces and I've got a
feeling by the end of the week we all be
one big happy family together I'm going
to get some sleep and I'll catch you
miss tomorrow peace out enjoy life live
the adventure boom
