hi I'm Lena and I'm Julia and you're
from Germany but right now we're in
Dublin and you're watching fan following
well today I've got quite a bit of
organizing to do for my trip around
Europe tomorrow morning and I've got
some things to buy and pack and just
make sure I've got everything sorted but
before I do any of that I'm going to
drive over and visit my friend in
hospital
right got a few little snacks for the
journey it's all about chocolate making
Gajar chocolate cookies just arriving to
pick up my friends I'm going to spend a
bit of time with her and I'll catch you
guys in a bit well I picked on my friend
from hospital and took a home
and we got to hang out beer we went for
a little wonder went out for a coffee
had a cat shot and to be honest she's
not she's not doing great
and it's hard when you got friends
they don't know how to help you name but
I think as being there for some people
is important and
he was good I actually found some time
to see her before I kind of galavant off
for more adventures
yeah I guess it's kind of permanent
slightly more of a somber mood today
so sir if I'm not my usual cheery self
but this evening should be fun I need to
go back now we're going to pack I've got
a few things to sort out and then my
friend Nick has kindly offered to take
me first thing in the morning to the
airport so we might have a bit of an
adventure tonight I've been rushing
around the house getting ready and I've
got a few clothes to wash and maybe iron
because the thing about living out with
suitcase is you end up getting super
creased clothes so go get a few of them
ready and somehow pack them back in the
suitcase in a flat way where they're not
going to get creased is anyone got any
tips
so Mel would Nick and we are come down
to Kingston we're going to grab some
food and find safe fun to do right we've
come down to the bowling place and it's
open it's quite late at night but it's
actually open so we get out okay you
games bowling what's your choice of
Olenick small with a massive hole yeah
so I think in my time this about the way
the weight of the book yes I get more
power on it okay okay it's all about
speed
I'm not sure whether to go heavy
definitely his big finger holes I'm
thinking I'm going to try heavy for a
little bit him doesn't work I switched
to a light bulb I think you can do
better than me Nick you gotta do that
you going to do the run up do the
stretches do the stretches
let's go to spinning top
new technique new tech money
yeah I love it - don't fret this way so
right you know or nearly that's all
right
I don't know how we only just found this
but this looks like the best way to to
win I can do it's about even watching me
watch this okay
turns out this isn't so good it's
actually why you just missed twice with
it
Oh laughter get it Oh strike yeah Louie
Louie's trying to be real
Oh a left-handed or left-handed come on
Lefty
I won the bowling but I've gotta be
honest we're both terrible guys you'll
never believe this you know the iPhone
game doodle jump have you ever seen an
arcade version of it look arcade doodle
dollars we're going to play out hooking
okay hit me never hit me we've lifted
quite late to find food but we're gonna
have a little wander around so we can
fly straight guys that's not food Nick
we found somewhere classy to get some
please join philip burger spicy oh those
people you know me well just don't tell
the colonel where I am right now cheers
bro spicy chicken burger are you
we are wandering back to Rodney we're
going to go on a little late night shop
for a few things I need to take with me
on holiday but as they were coming out
the restaurant somehow my classes bright
because I was putting them on I don't
even know how this happened
I'm really really confused by always do
this to my glasses no II know you could
have done what she look at the specs a
bird's eye big bro I did go into
Specsavers we've arrived at Gloria shop
where I can get all the things I need I
don't even know what I need but I feel
like I need a few things I'm refusing to
check luggage for my flight so all the
liquids I know you need to be are under
100 milliliters by need some shower gels
so it's mine like a miniature shower gel
miniature shower gel three for three
pounds I'm going to get a couple of mint
guys actually at 3 min guys screw you
lemon where I picked up some earplugs
some heads my toothbrush and a little
inflatable travel pillow okay I'm so
organised for this trip so organized you
know I've got a funny story so obviously
my trips first thing in the morning
we're out the 24-hour Asda gated stuff
this has happened before is my sister's
wedding it was the next day and they got
to about 1:00 in the morning and I
thought oh I haven't got anything to
wear from the wedding so went to Asda
went to the Georges section where they
called a clothes bought a really nice
suit for 30 quid okay probably wasn't
really nice but it was there's a suit
it's very hot guys Nick needs to cool
down
night-night Nick see in the morning see
you later guys so Nick's gonna crash
over so we can get up a little bit later
we already have to get up at like 10 to
6 or something crazy right I'm gonna
hang up my clothes that come to wash
earlier well I finally got all my stuff
together for tomorrow and here it is I'm
going to talk you through it
these are my travel essentials passport
number one obviously secondary I'm gonna
say my iPhone and then I wait wait I'm
gonna say my bank cause money say water
obviously passport wallet and then fine
worst-case scenario with vlogs if I lose
my camera which is vlog really now I
need my iPhone and also Internet is
vital I can tether in set up life I also
got a backup camera and at the moment
I've got 7 backup batteries 8 in there 9
in this camera 9 batteries a little bit
excessive but just never know might get
stranded out in the jungle fourth is my
laptop headphones obviously for editing
GoPro all the GoPro accessories spare
battery poles suction pads and stuff
travel sized shower gel travel-size
deodorants eyes Sun cream and I've got
some earplugs face mask for the plane or
if it's really bright where we're
sleeping and I bought this a neck pillow
inflatable neck pillow which I don't
usually use actually but
I think it's a good shout of the plane
because I'm gonna be sleeping in the
morning to get to the airport I've got a
Red Bull for the journey there and some
snack chocolate for the way and then of
course my penny board right so there you
go my travel essentials let me know what
your traveler centers are comment below
or tag me in an Instagram or something
that's quite a lot to be fair but there
you go
it's what I'm using well I probably
missed off a few things that I'm taking
out with me but you get the gist of it
right I need to get some sleep
I've got about 4 hours until the airport
run and we're going on an epic trip
around Europe guys it's going to be a
very good week then this last week's
been a bit chilled out and kind of lower
pace but we're about to shift it up
again alright it's my peace out enjoy
life let the adventure
