good morning guys we are four days into
our prep to the world flight now we flew
into an airport in Tracy California last
night where we're going to need to be
for a few days whilst we get some stuff
fitted on the plane JP and Lindsey have
already headed back to the airport we
stayed at a little motel last night and
yeah we've got lots to do lots to do
alright so I managed to grab some food
in town again
uber back to the airport and now I'm
chilling with JP and Lindsey JB's done
an amazing job getting all these seats
out so I'm sure you would have seen from
Lindsey's footage good job
now we just need to figure out how
quickly you can get logos put on the
back
yeah wanted to see one can get the the
vector of the logo so we could serious
that's interesting yeah that'd be great
I'm just on the runaround cool to the
designer and then and then we'll house
with yeah they'll go on the door but
maybe not where the doors let the edges
of the enemy and then we'll have follow
our journey or follow us at
youtube-dot-com forward-slash Ponte Luis
and then on the tail thanks Zack thank
God
yeah oh yeah that can go over the door I
guess and then on the tail that will be
where we have that we live the adventure
you have n problems of the bolts they're
just not designed to be taken off after
the seatbelt we can take off one Savita
that would be a lot easier but basically
you're going to run a few line into the
collector tank at the bottom the
t-junction here and then we're going to
have about 50 gallons of fuel extra
until Australia when you can relax okay
and what I'm thinking is now all the
seats are out why don't we just play a
big chick easy like the whole back
section here if that's not a weight
balance you could probably you could is
the fuel tank is going to be this wide
and it's going to be this high it could
essentially just be a hot tub
I couldn't imagine you if it in fact I
think this is a tubular I think this is
genius okay scrap the seat scrap the
fuel tank we just put in a hot tub in
the back you see if it was a 206 without
the retractable gear how you could fit a
full-sized mattress in here oh that back
bit just for the retractor we'll get ya
so this is where the wheels going oh of
course
yeah you're right it would be so amazing
we could do that yeah we're going a lot
faster on this one yeah this looks like
when I used to fly skydivers because
they take them completely out here and I
just have one seat there and then
everybody's like hunkered here pissing
their pants in this plane is smoke yeah
well 210 yeah then I scoot to the front
like that and actually just open the
door well the door is off oh okay you
just take up without door we should do
that we should let's order some
parachutes to see we can get some an
Amazon Prime well they're part of our
life savings if you like the kind of
conversations they're having guys too
for flying around the world this is
actually 64 gallon tank and we only need
30 the one he already has is able to
carry
we won't be putting that in so there is
about this much space on top of it that
we will never use
I think we should just get one made my
person who hated that I betrayed it over
here no I mean everyone's I've done a
lot of Prayer pictures from election
it's convenient yeah the convenience of
being a proper planning is it's very big
especially with all the gear we had we
was what's the situation break initially
we were going to fit ladder tanks into
the airplane I personally prefer them
for a few reasons they just they're less
likely to crack they hold up when you
don't use them also the benefits they're
lighter but Richard is been doing this
so many years and he just recommend
going with aluminum tags that are
pressurized using ram air they're a lot
more reliable because you're not relying
on pumps or any anything like that it's
purely gravity based but the problem is
we don't have a tank that fits right now
we have on that fits but it's much
bigger so we would just never be using
it to the full capacity because we only
need and will only use 50 Allen's
yeah the issues now is we need to get a
tank made and it's going to take a
little time probably Monday we really
get lucky but I'm guessing it's gonna
take longer which is frustrating because
we're already seven days behind but we
always knew really no I'm going to leave
on the day that we were planning to so
all right yeah I think I don't feel
stressed I think maybe later in the
flight when we happen to run not rush
but when we're having to maybe like have
certain sections shorter than we planned
in might be frustrating but right now I
feel like it's better to start on a good
with everything as good as we can have
it and then and yeah it will help
further down the line I can imagine like
months down the line that we put in the
wrong size tank and we're having to like
promise everything in
we'll be annoying today keep you updated
okay I've been sitting out for a few
hours just getting the design sorted we
still haven't found someone that can get
the vinyls printed for the plane anytime
soon so we may I may need to do some
more research and make some calls
tomorrow and plan now is because we're
still waiting on approval to get this
other tank built tomorrow morning and
some paperwork we're actually going to
fly out of here tonight to go to
Berkeley where we're going to be staying
with a friend picking up some other
stuff that we need a couple more camera
lenses and hopefully we'll be back here
tomorrow morning and I think Lindy's
leaving us as well today she's going to
head back down to LA and that claims the
dog can't charlie just get
Hey
note that ground
you cannot uniform over sculpt I would
like to part with a 1-0 uniform contact
CBS dealt a signature these private
airport lounges are so good every time
free coffee free snacks and particular
orange this is the way I roll let the
hidden popcorn money be in this on my
jet out there and Nick Woodman everybody
yeah and we just come in our little
things as far as like family wise and
friend wise I mean I pretty much hang
out was pretty much like I say pretty
much almost everything and I don't ever
think of you know race as an issue I
mean don't know thing I see that that
race does is that you know if you're a
certain race there's certain things
about you that that's going to be there
like if you're Asian and if you're old
school it's like your parents would beat
the out of you
you know so you understand how to save I
mean you know that that's a common thing
you know it means like if you're you met
Asian person he has no savings you'd be
like dude like I don't know the hell's
wrong with you with your parents and
that raises right what do you like most
about your kind of cultural heritage of
from what things growing up where those
things about yeah I don't know but see
I'm very Americanized yeah so you know
you know like because I was adopted my
mom's mom was Laos but I speak three
languages than my adoptive parents are
back in Thailand so I go back and visit
every
usually every year you know so I haven't
added like Europe and stuff like that
I'm planning to go out there but um but
I mean for me it's more about it's not
even about race because it's more about
you know what you want to be and who you
want to be you know they need to have
the integrity and ethics you know and
that's where people are respect you for
what you do it's not really about you
know like oh what bits and pieces
because every single culture has a bad
bad piece you know I mean like a lot of
Asians you know they like to gamble a
lot they like to drink a lot you don't
even like Tamils I'm good I don't like
that stuff you know the name but like I
said it's to each his own it you have to
see what's going to put your own
lifestyle Oh
hey guys you ready you know I just
arrived at Tom's I'm going to stay here
tonight along yeah that was one of the
most in-depth amazing discussions I've
had as an uber driver
yeah very fascinating it just kind of
kept going
she kept chatting about a lot of world
issues and how how he felt in today's
society so yeah lots to think about it's
going to be excited about interviewing
people around the world during our trip
we've just had a delivery this is one of
the problems of not having a base
thankfully Tom let us deliver some stuff
in it anyway this is some lens rentals
from Sony that hooked us up and this
lens is the new 16 to 35 2.8 I've been
waiting for it what do you think how it
is looking is it looking if you're
looking good it's wide which should have
a lot of shallow depth let me take it
outside as a month model to see a bit
more for the shallow depth I stand on
the Sun how's this looking guys I'm
excited to vlog on this although I'm
thinking as well oh let me know in the
comments something Riya has said to me
and I think a few people have mentioned
is that it feels a little bit less
personal when it's this white and that
maybe I should be coming in back to the
back to here is this nicer to chat to
you guys at 20 24 rather than rather
than 16 obviously 16 you can see a bit
more I'm also just so intrigued at how
shallow is going to look the depth of
field and but yes see if you tell me if
you notice the difference of this new
lens I got two of them for me to jail
for me and JP to shoot some of the
documentary in the world flight on but
yeah I'm excited
what do you prefer you prefer this you
prefer me chatting with a bit more of a
crop or do you prefer
wider let me night Mikey visually guy I
think he's but most art cinematic stuff
holy crap so beautiful
but I had one of those that's what I had
when we in Canada by that time we went
up to no you didn't I did
no I just it I looked it like on that
trip I can't vlog at this lens can i
slightly cotton you say oh no yeah yeah
if your arms fully out like maybe look
how the lens here is like going more
yeah yeah it's nice it's a nice so this
is the certain point one point four I'm
probably not gonna vlog on it but I'm
really nice hello there chicken tikka
masala we're just getting we just
ordering in and now is get median right
everyone go to bed I'm going to stay up
for a few hours just getting it on with
my blog edit like I said before I really
want to be keeping up with the real-time
so you guys know exactly what we're up
to and when and can continue following
the journey also if you missed it either
day and I announce that we've got a
website set up sliding boards calm and
we've got a real-time tracking map where
you can see exactly where we're flying
at all times over the three months which
is going to be cool as well you guys can
see whether we're going to be near where
you live and potentially you could post
up and take us around your area and show
us some cool things there and be able to
share amazing stories anyway and get all
the vlogs
tomorrow we're flying back to Tracy and
hopefully finding a fuel tank
or in claim because when we cross the
Atlantic we need extra fuel otherwise we
won't make it though that pretty urgent
and then like I said hopefully we'll
leave by the end of the week or the made
it look like a weekend now and yeah it's
all going to begin the adventure will
begin it's already begun and I just
wanted to thank you guys for joining us
on this and yet I'm just so excited this
is the most excited I've been in in
years probably I just yeah anyway we'll
catch in the morning
yourself during life commit defense ow
