how the oh you beautiful people of the
Angelo's my name is mojo I'm from
Waterbury Connecticut but more
importantly you're watching fun kalui
enjoy good morning guys it is 8:45 and
I'm heading on my way up to London for
an audition for this adventure TV show
thing now quite excited Oh
thankfully too bad seeing as I've had
three hours sleep I'm hoping today could
be the day I finally gonna get my
sleeping pattern back in sync right so
there was some delays coming into London
there is like an eye some signal failure
or something
so what should have been a 20-minute
journey took an hour I'm now late for
the meeting thing I supposed to go to
but I think they're still waiting for me
so I'm gonna meet up with Brad flame and
she's gonna join me I've only an hour
late
we're heading into this right so we
break for lunch can a sandwich found
this little sausage dog hey Matt you
want some sandwich night numpy all right
guys this is Greg he's also here today
doing a little different thing his bit
top secret we call ready go into details
but how are you finding it it's good man
it's good good to meet you could have a
little matter about all things talking
about eating our own leg which was yeah
you know my old channel food for Louie
Greg's had a bit of experimentation in
in weird eating things as well so yeah
I'm a science guy and I like to find out
what humans tasted off yeah so I found a
surgeon to take a bit of my leg out we
cooked it up analyzed all the flavors
that it's not I don't even think I'd do
that that's nuts and you probably think
it's chicken
what possibly pork it's actually beef a
little bit of lamb tiny bit pork yeah no
you know wow that's not what the day's
about we're just being guessing in the
garden yeah guys there's a beehive in
this garden that they're growing their
own honey
all right we've finished up
that's quite a lot longer than I thought
but it was quite a lot fun as well and
doing TV auditions is quite different
from YouTube stuff but I'll keep you
guys posted before I hear anything or
get accepted however I'm gonna make my
way back in central London now well I've
been on enough trains all day and I'm
going on another one continue the
journey
all right with all my work stuff out of
the way that would be nice to come and
meet up with we'll have a bit of chill
time then we're gonna get a coffee and
have a little catch-up I haven't seen
them since we were in LA together so
I've come down to Chyzyk to hang out but
wheels arrived hey well how you there
I've got a little copy where you're
there Sookie need regular in it yeah me
and will with both realize they both
kind of instantly acts we've been
staying up all night I got three hours
sleep yeah three hours sleep weird
because I think it's partly the weather
yes as far as part of everything
and also
yeah hopefully we go up or he looks to
it look who we found what's it like
being back in England Casper it's
actually crazy because right now it's
still warm and sunny but it's like a
leak lock that's so good
that's better than la la sunsets earlier
that snapchat Louie I can't help me I'm
addicted I'm addicted today
okay there was no spicy pizzas by us but
there's not much to my so thank you yeah
let's pretty good though I'm looking
forward to this I left the restaurant
had some good pieces heading to the
train station I think we're gonna head
in central London okay
I'm not gonna get so we have to find
somewhere where students go
so he has taken over the DJ spots
who would pay to watch DJ Louie I sure
would
look at the audience going wild
oh what a transition that by DJ Lu this
time next week is going to be an Ibiza
yeah 20 digits all these beat you naked
well
some guys are just posted a snapchat go
and check it out
just search fun for Lily let's go
clubbing well let's go let's go
Oh
casters and inflating my air mattress to
Stan's night wheels off Simba yes
Culebra
been a fun night before I go to bed
tonight guys some of you may remember a
few weeks ago I was hanging out with
Jeff and we're raising money to get his
van back on the road or buy him a new
van so he's not sleeping on the streets
and he sent me over a little clip from
California to update you guys and how
he's getting on let's go over to Jeff
hey Road Warriors Jeff Reed here I'm
here in San Clemente California now and
I'm right here by the on-ramp of the
freeway anyway I just wanted to tell
everybody thank you I want to tell you
thank you for all your support all of
you you've just been really amazing
you've been a great inspiration to me
you've been paying it forward and you
helped me and I in turn will pay it
forward and I'll help other people I
don't know it's been hard for me to be
honest I just want to say thank you to
all of you who have just been kind and
considerate and compassionate
and that you've showed me he's showing
me empathy and those of you that have
already given and supported and donated
and contributed if you would then try to
find someone else a friend or a family
member someone that you know that cares
about people that you could get them to
also be interested in sharing it or
giving that contribution you got to
understand there's times I feel bad
about what's happened to me and it's
easy to get down and depressed and feel
very humiliated but it's been so
humbling to see you guys step up to the
plate and help me out okay talk to you
later
thanks so much everybody well hopefully
that pivoted up window into how Jeff's
getting on at the moment and if you'd
like to donate and help him out and help
him get back on his feet
that'd be amazing so I'll link his
campaign below but hopefully we're
getting to reach his target together or
I'm gonna get some sleep and I'll catch
you guys tomorrow peace out enjoy life
