I'm Adam I'm Simon I'm Jake
I'm Zoe i I run that's another Jake
we're currently out sailing down a black
cave in Zambia of a madman poo and
you're watching me Dorothy and dad are
heading out for lunch I had a bit of a
lie-in this morning oh I'm pretty hungry
you hungry Darcy
don't wear you up to later today go
after the South of France with 8080
teenagers an adventurer what what's
rafting rock climbing abseiling just a
fun time for a week yeah go below be
jealous I went on the same trip when I
was at school adventure France it's good
good fun
roast dinner hey that's a big roast
dinner in there
looking forward to this I've just busted
Louie's camera he's gone inside because
basically his dinner arrived without one
of these boys without a Yorkshire
pudding so he's gonna try and get one
you got left out in the front does it
sit like that right on the way back we
thought we'd stop and try and find some
blackberries because there's a few
blackberry bushes around there
I can't see any are we too early God do
we too early for blackberry season
look at these horses rather pulled over
we randomly drove down this country
track and my dad said there's a little
mud monument down here so we're walking
through this little woodland path but
it's pretty overgrown lots of nettles
they're not ideal in shorts oh so what
is this that mausoleum
I see stairs I don't know where they
live
that really leads anywhere it's a cool
little underground room but I rests all
that is mortals they were doing bearing
here
Caroline blundell so people were buried
here in 1886 and 1905 so this whole
mausoleums like a memorial building to
mark the burial place of these people in
the middle of the woods don't eat these
things you berries are very poisonous
are they very poisonous it's Woodlands
like these that I want to get I want to
get a bit land of these kind of
woodlands mud you know it create a bit
more of a clearing here to pop my plane
stop building some tree houses and some
of these trees does anyone have some
woodland you want to sell me to build my
dream house and village treehouse
village let me know I think it's
somewhere within like an hour's drive of
London oh yeah
I'm still on there I'm still in the
vision guys I just I think the first
step is finding land that I can put a
plane up also some of you are asking
about the boat that me and Dave and Andy
bought well they took it out whilst I
was in America for a little spin and
and Dave's not around today I actually
text them earlier Civic you take the
boat out I'm hopefully I'll take it out
this week and we'll have a little
boating adventure going by tripped on
some brambles and they wrapped around
with my leg and scratched me
great sources amazing something else I
really want to do you guys go to America
like Texas or something and do one of
those cowboy like trails on horseback of
amazing imagine like camping out every
night little campfire like a baked beans
playing guitar wearing a cowboy hat guys
the heavens have opened
well
oh no the bird the bird is stuck under
the umbrella dad's going to save the
cushions of the seats
is that
save the bird
oh no it's it's stuck the blanket man
but
see her okay you want me
I'm gonna go and become one with nature
and they're gonna stand in this rain
it's too is terrific nothing this is
just what you want after a hot humid day
is just this downpour so much it's
almost like tropical weather I think
this is how like the tropics work they
have like super hot days and then
halfway through the day that shuts it
down till I get rid of the human since I
love it I love this kind of rain I hate
the drizzly cold rain that we get most
winter but this is good rain right here
but the rain is stopped
and I've taken a little wander down to
the park near my house because the sky
is looking incredible tonight and I just
wanted to get a good look at it because
there's something about the beauty of
nature that it's just peaceful and I
don't know I just like taking all them
thought stroll down to the play area my
local park
I basically grow up here guys and it's
changed quite a bit
they've added new like climbing frames
and things but it's very nostalgic lots
of memories it's weird having grown up
literally my whole life in the same
house and it's a lot of my friends have
kind of moved all over the place during
their upbringing how many houses you
guys lived in you lived in the same
house your whole life if you moved to
tons of times I wonder what it does you
know how it affects you growing up and a
being in places maybe that's why I'm so
he gets to travel a lot and explore new
places now I can imagine bringing my
family up moving around like I think I
think that will happen at some stage
eventually
well we're covering some dinner and that
we're dinner before my dad's goes away
in half an hour I'm gonna drop him at
school to get his coach all the way to
South of France you looking forward to
that 18-hour coach right now all
crunched up like this Nestle not cool
and jumping in the car with my dad so he
can drop himself at school and then I'm
gonna drive the car back right the coach
has arrived you ready for your
well it's been a super chilled day and
it's nice to hang out with my dad a bit
and I'm really looking forward to our
family trip to Brazil next month and on
that night if there's any of you that
live in Manaus or in the Amazon area and
know of any cool kind of Amber's and
boating trips we could go on or want to
be our guide or anything that'd be
really cool
let me know and also on the note of
traveling I can now tell you where I'm
going on Friday I am joining the contiki
YouTube road trip around Europe there's
a bunch of youtubers going and I think
it's like 10 days and we're going to
like Barcelona niece Florence Rome it's
gonna be a lot of fun and obviously it's
all gonna be vlogs from multiple angles
by everyone so lots of lots of cooler
adventures ahead really I'm gonna get
some sleep I've got a early morning
meeting tomorrow
it's actually an audition for something
it's to do it like an adventure thing so
I probably tell you more than that but
it's exciting so I better get some sleep
I'll see you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
