we you're watching from below
hi my name is Mary and you're watching
from the Louie good afternoon guys today
me and Darcy have driven up seven are
about to jump the train up to London and
I am meeting up with Hilary and Darcy's
to let out some friends apparently it's
about to rain but it doesn't feel like
it's very very hot
not sticking around it's going to
something have a like YouTube me up
that's what it was the thing you're
going to today
and the rumors of a thunderstorm were
later rubbish to descale it's fine the
weather looks
right Darcy's heading off down to the
Meetup
but we're gonna get some lunch but I'm
just saying Hillary like so totally like
my appetite just disappears so I'm not
really sure what food I'm in the mood
for well it wasn't quite as hard to
choose as I thought we've found this
Moroccan still with some amazing chicken
stuffs I did a little chicken kabob
how's your Moroccan what is it like
chicken almond pastry very good
lovely guys check out this bus it's like
a little cafe restaurant bar in a
double-decker maybe I need to do
something like that with my bus coffee
shop was hanging
I think a few of you actually suggested
that while back
but for the meanwhile whilst and
traveling and stuff I've just got it
parked up and kind of just in storage
you know it's on the back burner so me
and Hillary have wandered down to the
south bank and some of you may not know
this is like historical skate park area
that's been here since I think like the
70s 90 70 season like photos are there
before and after but this whole place is
at risk of being developed on and the
South Life Center or whoever like trying
to perfect planning permission to build
on basically like this whole place will
go so we've just signed a little
position to say that's not a good idea
and I think there's hundreds about some
people that also don't use to get on
there did you guys want to join the
course there's links under in the
description and go in there sign up a
petition and and rep the cause long live
the South phone
we've taken a wander down onto the bank
of attempts I'm not actually sure how
often during the day that the tide is
this low but yeah it did rain I don't
really know how to work with attempts
it's quite nice at the moment it's
taking a little stroll along I don't
know how long we'll how far we'll be
able to walk I'm hoping there's like a
ladder or something so some of you might
not know but Hillary has recently
started doing YouTube so we're just
watching her latest vlog she's done like
a weekly vlog and he's just this is just
learning the ropes this is pretty cool
you guys to check out I'll link it below
I just posted a snapchat and it's a very
weird guys if you're a daily vlogger and
you snapchat you just don't know what's
a snapchat what's a video and then it
gets really confusing you're like why am
i duplicating things what am i doing to
everything so I'm just figuring it all
out but you know I think I have to snap
chest it's the cool thing today that's
completely giving in to peer pressure
i screen time being a kid yeah
ice lilies I love these how's your
Meowth dusty is it good
was it hot well I just had a little lie
down on the grass and your nap it was
lovely
it's a Hillary knows he went for the
wonderful Mia properties under the IBM
right Hillary's heading off it's been a
fun day here
have a lovely evening semion Darcy
taking a little wander around and with
comments using Catherine's Docs which is
just by tower bridge and there's
beautiful boats all like docked up here
and it's a nice little secret area of
London that a lot people don't know
about
look how cool this Starbucks is it's a
big cylindrical room overlooking the
docks and it's got this like cool roof I
like this place we're now gonna go and
get some dinner awake about this I think
there's a bunch of people over chili
chicken ramen what did you get
yeah we have no idea
well that was a very random street party
we stumbled across we've decided now to
continue the adventure and get some
Barclays bikes I'll be losing two of the
biking team silly guys it's quite this
quite late for these catch their train
home right we walked past there earlier
this is the Globe Theater saz where
Shakespeare did his stuff
don't thing I'll try that go back to
Waterloo after a very fun cycle right
and we are now jumping on the train home
I just got back it's gone 1:00 in the
morning and my dad's still up I think
that a dinner party tonight and he's
just spotted some massive slugs in the
garden the big slug and I missed a slug
how are you doing well guys I've been
sitting on my computer again for hours
but this time more productively I have
been having long Skype calls with a
couple of people one in Canada one in
Australia so I've had to do it through
the night here because of the time zone
differences but I'm very tired now and
I'm gonna get some sleep
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow peace
out
enjoy life live the adventure
