hi everyone I'm from poet and just my
cat cookie and you're watching well
anyway you're watching fun for Louie
enjoy good afternoon guys I'm having a
bit of a later start to the day I was
out till quite late my sleeping pad
still a little messed up but I've just
arrived at Dave's to come and hang out
have a little catch-up and in his
driveway there's this van which suggests
that he's having some done to his hot
tub so I'm gonna wander down to the
garden and see what's going on Dave hey
what's going on
the reefer it's half a day I thought
this is just rumors I smashed oh my gosh
do you know how excited
well David may have a nice they will
walk and the ketchup and he's now gone
off to a meeting I'm chillin at his
house trying to edit my vlog from
yesterday but it is so hot guys is
swelteringly hot it's like the craziest
heat wave ever yeah let's roll let's go
we're going shopping for barbecue food
they this pretty good idea of yours
gonna barbecue going tonight there's
nothing else to do is there but out down
on cow and and it's it's actually cooled
down a little bit it was unbearable
earlier literally unbearable but it's
it's nice and nice and warm now
it's just gone the juice this is the
best guys orange juice with this with
better it's better smooth are great this
is tours and Street that's great go
Baker
right shopping done yeah are you ready
to meet those we're gonna chow down the
cow
it's transformer time
former
come on Dave's not as much of a douche
as he looks like in this car Helen I
have a delivery
lots of meat lots of meat and cheese and
bread oh this is the one though so as
you saw earlier there was lots of men
doing things today's hot tub but there
was some bad news what's the bad news
Dave well first of all I have to admit
this is a first world problem but the
ultimate first local problem by but I
must tell the truth it does upset me
that I've spent all this money trying to
get this guy back up and running and it
upsets me too as soon as they turned it
on one of the parts had a leak and it's
the one part that hasn't got a warranty
so back to the drawing board
they're still kind of work so it's just
it's just leaking yeah yeah you ready
I'm ready
I think you ready is the barbecue ready
first little early for that I think
you're ready for my jelly yeah that was
underwhelming
like grill baby flame grill what yeah
there's some dark looming clouds on the
horizon and we may be expecting another
thunderstorm tonight
so ESA and we're drinking the hot sub we
can get it working would be an ideal
location to experience that
we have some guests for the barbecue I
think they just I think these are the by
team
thank you
flip that they fit the bacon right yes
we don't mess around the barbecue
guys my Bacon's and fire buy bacon is on
fire barbecue it's far too hot who's put
gue John's on the fire I mean on that's
just a stupid idea
Allen why are you burning all the food
we have something new people joining us
for the barbecue and I'm cracking the
red box I'm familiar the rain clouds are
getting closer guys I don't think we're
going to escape this the hot tub is now
heating up so as soon as it starts
pouring we're gonna jump in Alan the
blacksmith this is Alan Watts you there
can you just Forge me a sword I want a
sword made of elven steel they knew you
were sort of a diff illyrian still yeah
I think we may have missed a storm but
they've still got in the hot tub but
it's freezing in there you're right
they've yeah I'm just chilling out
having fun yeah I'm gonna play Mario
Kart what these
I didn't even know why god president did
you win again my guys look at this
amazing balloon it's a globe oh there's
a cool balloon well I've had a very very
lovely evening catching up with friends
and unfortunately didn't get to go in
the hot tub because the chemical was
burnt Dave and he said that it was too
much chlorine and everything so next
time next time but it doesn't really
matter because it's boiling hot this
evening anyway and I never thought I'd
say this part I just think goes too hot
to go in the hot tub yeah but the Wi-Fi
thing they stated is amazing it means I
can check my phone give these hot tubs
like the right temperature if it's too
it's too cold I can like eat you out for
my phone like on my way over there I
think they basically donate just so I'll
come and hang out
right back my parents and I can't sleep
guys I don't know what it is I think
it's my sleeping band but I've just been
sitting if hours doing a bit of editing
but also just on Facebook Tumblr YouTube
Twitter Instagram and then back again
like looping around for no reason and
I'm just I can't sleep I don't know what
it is it might be the humidity in the
hay it might be that I got to bed at 7
a.m. yesterday I don't know do you ever
get like that and I know I need to go to
sleep so I supposed to be meet my sister
tomorrow I don't a wake up a like 1:00
in the afternoon again mmm I feel like
I've got insomnia maybe it's not maybe
it's just me being stupid anyway it's
been super chill today just being nice
hanging it or Dave my other friends and
I probably gonna go to London tomorrow
like I said to see my sister Hilary and
yeah just catch up with people catch
your friends because I went to New York
why but I am leaving the country in a
week
and you don't have to wait for the next
couple of days of I'll tell you exactly
I'm going anyway um yeah see it's my
money
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
