is 6:30 in the morning and I haven't
slept oh yeah I feel alright I'm just no
kind of month stuff to keep you awake
was to drive boys the airport and I've
just met pick up Ben and then we're
gonna head over get Steve and head on
our way or better still in the shower
I'm just waiting and playing with his
puppy Alfie good morning Steve are you
ready to roll
yeah guys look Steve just gave me what
do you think I'm liking that right it's
also the white version and the navy
version which I think will begin up for
me find an oversight very seat guys gosh
it's just past seven look at this
traffic I never have traffic like this
who are these nuts driving laughs at
this time in the morning why do people
like morning's I have no idea I mean
nice thing about mornings the Sun Rise
lovely lovely sunshine still um have
mixture depending on what one getting up
for like we have enough to get flat I'm
I'm Ian out somebody I'm going somewhere
sweet caramel de okay then if I have to
get out like really early for something
I don't want to be no I don't know
chicken
it's a good job these guys pack light
but this is just my skincare
what you said about motovlog cheese get
that sausage in my mouth it's weird
being in an airport and not actually
flying anywhere I'm just gonna go home
go back to fit these guys wish you come
in they're going on an adventure of a
lifetime sigh I wish your
yeah well I can just keep up to date
with all the videos Steve's gonna be
makin and snapchat will be actually
making snapchat guys this is nuts I was
walking out to the car park this woman
ran off to me she was like are you the
guys that were at the restaurant I was
like yeah she handed this to me and said
is this your possible Ben left his
passport on the table what a nutter and
he's already gone through security
somehow so I'm just waiting here for a
right handed it to one of the security
guys and he's run through to see if I'm
Ben I hope he gets it his flight is
boarding in 8 minutes
ready to get your passport you didn't
get it no I was getting in the elevator
to go down to the carpark and this woman
ran after me she said were you guys at
the restaurant she handed it to me
that's nuts no that was so close
oh man all right well have a good flight
man see you later bro but the clothes
cool I'm feeling very wires going
I've had a big can of monster and two
cups of coffee
all right I'm gonna get some sleep I'll
catch you guys in a few hours
well I had a good sleep and I'm now
heading to pick up my dad from school
all right we're back for dinner
got no pizza we've just done half these
and the pizzas a half slippage is happy
half spinach all right I am heading out
see like that see that does he see that
mum
right tonight I am heading out to
Brighton and I am catching up with Alfie
well of our Alfie's and we're trying to
order food but nowhere does delivery
this time of night I don't get this
Hayden Alfie I'm good how are you man
I've seen you know I've been VidCon I
think yes each other along we're having
a nice relaxed evening I think we're
gonna watch a movie and hopefully get
some food and you get some sleep man on
my sleeping pad men stop guys I've been
like falling asleep waking up throughout
the day after dinner I slept for like
another hour or something and then I
drew man to drive down there and we've
got potentially an early start as well
but we got the booze
we got the food I'm excited but remember
what we got all right we got Thai green
curry enough to be test chicken wait was
this coming ching chong main chicken
start a random the Alpha we've got chips
as well
Oh SEO tips ugly because a curry sauce
and vegetable oh I like what they
chicken sweet and sour chicken balls and
two egg fried rice yes well it's quite
late we've been having laptop Club and
and he's got me some lem sit for my
throat of a resource right guys I think
it's lack of sleep and the other day I
was in a room as I'm a psychic it's
ruined it rumors right
tomorrow we are going kayaking and we're
getting some GoPro stuff ready so you
can film some cooler out this is not
alleged in your life why did I do this
earlier it's like half two in the
morning all right I'm gonna get some
sleep and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna be hanging out with Alfie in
the morning and then I think I'm gonna
make our way into London for the
afternoon have some fun
so see you then peace out enjoy life
amid the adventure
