hey guys I'm justice from California and
you're watching wings move like that and
now we like hide it in this move over
see it's not bright red but is in the
afternoon though it's to something and
think we're still going to try a new
hike up to the Hollywood sign today
right we're gone for a little stroll
we've popped into this little vintage
thrift store again and showed our see
some cool things about America and then
when Kate gets back we're heading over
to the Hollywood sign I'm to do this
hike apparently it's like an hour and a
half to walk there
guys what's the funniest spelling of
your name you've ever had at Starbucks
this is how they spelled Darcy's name
Dulce
hey Dulce we are honoring the Hollywood
sign really got cake I think we're going
to make it dissolve it in a time before
the Sun sets hopefully
we so need those we so need those right
now
guys there's mountain lions here actual
mountain lions are in these mountains me
and Sierra's just talking about the
dreams we had last night tell us about
your dream sir I had this dream that you
and I were on this survival camp out or
something like that it started raining
and we had this tarp with us and I made
this lean-to with this paracord that we
had tied in between two trees and then I
tied tied down the tarp so we could
sleep another lane to in the water just
runs off and it was awesome I think it's
a sign I think we need to go and do that
me too I on the other hand had a very
disturbing dream that me and someone
else killed someone and we chopped up
the body and we're trying to find a way
to dispose of it we would like to burn
it in a buff type of acid like they do
on Breaking Bad was it stressful yeah I
was really stressed out cause I know
we're getting it found out people gonna
find the bag and then I woke up and I
was a lot relieved like oh that's good I
didn't kill someone there are guys I
wouldn't kill someone
I think it's quite incredible that going
on this walk is that we were just in the
city seer despair and we've just walked
not far at all really
and we're in the Midland wilderness it's
amazing just mounted all around us with
mountain lines in them we are almost at
the top and we found the shortcut up
this this steep kind of rocky slope
we've all decided to do it I think this
is good I think this is a good option
ah okay so we climbed up the little wall
of dirt and I've we're alive it's cold
we're alive Louie here is um he's coming
up this little bit it's a bit rough he's
saying Tarzan yell oh he just Tarzan
you're way up there that's what I'm
talking about
such a bad huh guys look at the Griffith
Observatory do you remember us going to
that yeah that's an awesome video sissy
phones keep going but always there see
you're sharpening a stake in case we get
attacked by mountain lions we've almost
done there guys
we mainly guys we made it Hollywood baby
Hollywood what's it like seeing the
Hollywood sign girls it's worth a trap
it wasn't it
literally it was happen it was worth the
journey it's now getting pretty cold
because the Sun is set and we were
stupid we didn't bring water with us but
I did bring a can of monster so we might
have to share that I think it is a
hydrating monster as well look guys tell
me if you think this is the the rehab
like monster rehab it says um where does
it say that it says it rehydrates
do you think that's true tell me of
you're an expert in asunder' stuff we're
going to have some hydration pingo doce
we've all had a sip we've rationed out
the drink it's time to start a long trek
down it's going to be pitch black by the
time we get down there and this is the
prime time for mountain lions to attack
so we better hurry up oh yeah
what is this kite it's a good hello
mister time it's a water well we have
got to the bottom of the path almost
back at the car it's like pitch black
now I can't even see where I'm walking
to be honest I've worked up an appetite
I'm ready to eat
ready to eat lots of food well we got to
the bottom of the hill and we've been
locked in conduct in this gate so having
to climb over you made that look easy we
are walking down to your sushi stop to
get some food
I'm trying trying something hot hot
foods yourself I think that's some kind
of color guys do you think I ordered too
much I've got four bowls of various
chicken curry kind of things yeah
I don't know look how much CCC's got
like I've already eaten three that is a
lot of sushi bro
already we have come down to rouse for
some snacks for having movie night and I
really know what people again for snacks
what's your ideal snack sir
but look at this look at this randomly
this tower sir so I'm have to ask you to
put the camera down please sir sir
busted by security busted by security we
are back at the house we've got snacks
ready
Sara's come over Hey and she's bought
some cupcakes wait let's go get the
cupcakes why the cupcakes sitting over
there cupcakes and this is what this is
what we're watching for movie night
tonight we're just watching the title do
retzig puff Oh somehow it's 5:00 in the
morning now and it's definitely bedtime
I got to you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the edge'
boom
