hi my name is Rosa I live in ontario
canada and you're watching from really
enjoy all rights 24-6 the morning very
tired hows it / 7 are spilling water
wake Chuck now oh jeez oh we're headed
back to actually stay
I think we've been going about two hours
it's time for some breakfast
I actually stepped quite well in the van
either lay down the floor made the
little next on the floor of that
you
alright this has been where I've been
sleeping the last couple of hours and
we've now stopped at another services
and basically these guys all heading
into London but Tom's cousins going to
come pick him up and take it to Kingston
so I'm going to jump on the top now say
goodbye to the guys and then get picked
up by Steve but I'm going to hopefully
maybe catch up with Josh later Josh
you've got some important news what's
happened today my house is out today
it's actually a bit of a moment it was
really weird there's a Christmas yeah go
get it some itunes or on my website
traffic on hi what's your open cool
Phyllis Phyllis well I'm
right we've arrived in Kingston and
we're going to go find steve haden
breath
you're right yeah so I'm gonna tag along
with Steve for a little bit he's got
some shopping to do he's going away in a
couple of days where you going to waste
it going to Canada for like almost three
weeks oh man i know i was away and now
he's going to be away so we've got a
couple of days to hang out together time
to take the long were you by what
essentially like my travel eccentric man
ya know obviously playing you should do
a blog post about your travel offense
with me yeah hello mate how you doing
nice to me Steve's taking ages to pick
what you want apparently it's important
skin products for guys I am loving the
weather today guys so beautiful why
aren't you loving the river you ready
for cold Canada no it's warm is it warm
it's hotter than here no yes summer 30
degrees out there oh oh yeah so I'm
talking about cheers steve o top it go
check it out panini
all right we're all done chopped up and
fed row just go back to Steve's and how
some of you may recognize from long time
ago is helping up helping us basically
do all our packages to find the nomads
and I know a lot of you've been waiting
a long time for deliveries we've been
working really hard and we are really
sorry if there's been like late
deliveries or you're still waiting for
stuff but we are on top of it don't you
worry about that everyone is getting
it's just very like overwhelming with
obviously you can see like taking over
stuff we are working our hardest to try
and get out as soon as we can basically
and I just want to show you guys it's
cool it all this is now the the
bracelets which you guys know about this
is our little pouch and it shows nicely
I can check to this little label oh so
what you saying about hashtag live the
adventure so this is basically like our
little there no band bracelet comes in
here so you've got find the nomads on
there hashtag lived adventure and this
is like a little drawstring here what
prov that comes in there and then you go
in here hey what's in there oh and then
we have our bracelet so this is all
stainless steel or it's me though I do
need a new one yeah you do you keep yeah
you keep giving them away I know um but
yeah so these are another version as
well so these are all stainless steel so
you can wear they will shadow a nice
little bit on the end yeah check it this
sustainer still there oh yeah on there
as well so it's all like nice and they
give me that be there for that perfect
yes bro give me a bit of total oh man
yeah yeah with left Steve's Lexi's got
home babes coming out for a walk coming
back wait lovely evening although it may
potentially rain later like nice nice
yeah I'm not even cold right you like
Steve's casual hat casual Steve I cool
it
hmm that's how he rolls hello I mean
hello oh you want sweetie all right
hello hey man how's it going alright
cool thanks to the lift back Steve yeah
okay tomorrow rude alright briefly pops
back to my parents to say hello so it
seems to go back from America hey you
guys hey how you Darcy this is nice
unfortunately I can't like stop too long
because I need to head up to London cuz
I'm going to be celebrating the judge
for his album launch today so I better
head off ready
well up arrived in London a little bit
later than planned but I'm happy to be
up here josh is waiting for me in
shortage house we're gonna go and sit by
the pool and get hot chocolate and
celebrate our gone are you how you doing
Josh good man very tired I how excited
are you about your elven today man means
they get with but amazing so amazing
cheers josh guys look at this view is
awesome right we've jumped back and
Rodney and I both feeling the time
that's for today and having a late night
and trapping back you had a good night
Josh yeah we're both just being like
checking up on Instagram or Twitter and
seeing his like album garter charts and
we just has just been exciting to
sitting chillin out and celebrate and
really right I've drop josh off and I've
driven back to my parents house I'm
gonna stay here tonight I think I'm
going to spend a bit of time with them
tomorrow and also guys I finally given
in and I've I've got snapchat I think
I've think I've posted well I'm think
I'm just gonna do little updates and
maybe for your day I thought I'm gonna
gonna give it a try I don't know to
clash my vlog in though yeah add me fun
for Louie and see how that goes right
I'm gonna get some sleep it's been it's
been cooling back in the UK think I'm
here for maybe 10 days before I go away
again but i'll i'll keep you guys out
there my travel plans and everything and
okay see you guys tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
