hi guys my name is Connor my name is Leo
where are the olympic park in london and
you're watching on fillory enjoy good
morning guys I did not get much sleep
last night for some reason I stayed up
so way too late but we are walking up
from the hotel and we're going to try
and go you on this toboggan run and then
I think we're going to catch the cable
car up to the top of this little
mountain
all right got a little coffee it's um
wake up well we got into this toboggan
ride and we're getting winded up to the
top of the hill how are these no 22
miles an hour all right um
ha
hi this is going to be so much
right we're off hi this is one way to
wake up in the morning isn't it
you
you
that's bro oh that's fun with it okay
all right so it turns out the cable bar
is closed mylute is too windy atop the
mountain so we've walked down to the
tram we're going to get a tram up little
thing
I
so as we're taking this leisurely tram
line up with the top of now we can
continue our Q&A josh Josh what made you
want to start YouTube well it to be
honest on YouTube but I just the first
thing that he was just put up a video
because I wanted to like get my music
get other people to hear my music and
see what they saw but starting vlogging
and stuff that was really from seeing
your blood to me I'm seeing Louie slugs
and you know I just felt like there's so
many cool things which we've been able
to do recently and liked my friends and
family always ask me what it's like and
I thought I'd love to take people on
tour in the show and backstage and that
sir hello mate by those are some massive
hoard nothing
right love time
right we're just about to leave we're
going to wait stop and this is Simon
he's come down say hello it's going to
show this little magic trick okay I'll
hope you think then any them there oh
yeah you go two bucks good having no
really nice okay think banning in there
yeah yeah definite yeah wait wait ok
yeah ok yeah I'll tend to it huh
nobody's heart of it yeah take away the
first of you forever oh yeah oh yeah
yeah I got it you guys doing this home
as well loves do you have any small
number no I'm still going I'm still
going on yeah is you number five yes
today I didn't it you again alright
if you watch inside the seal is the
number five hey that is amazing right
we're on the move again we're heading to
wait stock and Josh and their band doing
some vocal warm up exercises what you
doing there just
is that this gets the kids is like it
helps they open up your mouth so you
probably have to do that super tough
ah
ah
haha
we've arrived and wait stop and we're
just going to take a little wonder
around the I'm really tired i think i
need a load now
bro we just chillin backstage and
gandee's flip flops which you might
remember we were wearing when we went on
the ritual run now triple that they like
they've got a whole selection out the
day in there like ripping their brand so
that's a new one titties out a lot
people he goes like it was cool aren't
they I'll link these guys in the video
and check what they're valid so it's a
really cool company guys well I had a
restful afternoon catch up some sleep
and we are now getting ready while these
guys getting ready for their first set a
feeling Josh good man i got these weird
right
Oh
we could climb forgotten and where's the
palm
decide
thank you so much
another amazing set by Josh rowing gonna
want it up the beach down for the sunset
right now we're just chilling by the
beach sun is set how much you want to
get some Instagram right we jumped in
the van and we're heading back to the
hotel right the end of the night it's
been an amazing few days touring with
the guys hanging out with Josh tomorrow
heading back to London and I think I'm
going to hang out Stephen get some other
staff see my family but big news right
now as of right now this video is online
so is Josh's new album it's been
launched today and I really urge you
guys to go and support Josh by buying
his album on itunes or whatever will
link everything below but it is a
fantastic album and he's like the
greatest guy ever till you get behind
with his music so yeah click below and I
think he's doing some signed copies and
stuff as well but that we cool right oh
I see you guys tomorrow peace out enjoy
life Olivia venture
you
