good morning guys it's just gone 8 a.m.
we are in Nuuk in Greenland and we are
about to head off hoping if everything
goes well to land in rec Vic Iceland
later this afternoon
but that's weather dependent and we have
multiple backup options of other places
to land if we can't get all the way over
there but I'm leaving all of that to JP
and Matt to figure out yeah
I'm just doing my best to be helpful but
I kind of feel like I can't be much to
be honest I'm excited though it's going
to be another interesting day of flying
and potentially dangerous but we have
prepared as much as we can safety wise
so
should be a good flight okay we've just
been sitting in the main departures
lounge at the airport Matt and JP have
gone in to file the flight plan and
Natasha and JJ who we've been staying
with just left Jamie's just told me that
we are clear to leave even though the
fog is still in I think we can fly out
of the fog and they've been chatting to
some other pilots who are giving him
info on on our on our roof and I think
we're from the understand we're flying
over the ice caps in Greenland which is
quite exciting to hit the skies so just
to feel the plane and where they come
out to the towers pavers
are you ready for today's flight
interesting flight got some challenging
weather today but I think we're gonna
get some awesome sights and we're gonna
make it probably all the way to Iceland
yeah I'm gonna go back and get my camera
the guys those of you that haven't seen
the other vlogs of our ocean crossings
reason we're wearing these ridiculous
outfits it's because if we do have to
land in the sea which hopefully we don't
but in an emergency we do these will
keep us alive in cold water these are
dry emergencies
yeah we have to play with these on when
we're doing ocean crossings they're
actually quite warm I'm warming up
already let's do this
Iceland here we come
the Creator number two one zero after
you know putting runway two three
and out of it
this is just fantastic this goes beyond
we're gonna fly down now it is gonna be
in vain
if you want to do that if when we're
just climbing 360 thousand
yeah this kind of captures it it doesn't
capture this no it's very good like
yesterday the the camera improves and
all the night
look straight ahead Bell hey absurd had
a food critic cutters in
there's like just I co2 everywhere and
then I met continent I think this is
between America that bad luck I've ever
seen and definitely the coolest place
I've ever had lunch
wow that looks so cool I think we need
to wake me up to get a shot of that look
at Ali's like over all of this now and I
am ever D if these snowy icy mountains
was going to this icy water at the ocean
looks like a big fluffy I think I think
that Mary enormous they're gonna fall we
6 miles out on a slanted left face with
your night
Oh
how's it fun day
so we're in the tower this little
airport
what's this netbook called please police
say and looks like we've got the
go-ahead to fly all the way to record it
in Iceland today I think the weather's
gonna be good for us so Matt's just
fired our flight plan
I just got a cheeky little coffee and
we're just admiring these incredible
scenic views this is by far one of the
most remote places are born on earth I
think Greenland is my god honestly guys
that flight we just did I think I'll be
hard to beat I'll be that's the hard
flight to beat your net for these
scenery and that's saying a lot because
you've done a lot of light I thought I'd
seen the whole yeah
did you enjoy that flight Davey yeah
best bite on my life but it's a so it's
more really nervous so it was just
smooth sailing and yeah the scenery out
of the window was just amazing and the
20 what was a 28 polar bear yeah I think
28 28 21 is amazing so big we could see
them from
right Iceland here we come back in dry
mesh and suit the basis every time over
28 is to the surface and 8,000 so we
should be good at 7000 and icing from
the freezing level of date like 15 or 18
holy crap music oh cool
thank you super number two one zero our
uniform I actually won 2-0 miles to the
east now
give me snacks you're willing to share
is that okay for you through the bag
chocolate milk in the world Rises the
best chocolate milk in the world simply
because I'm able to have it right now
okay
I think littering where we are this is
America
meda to either hi welcome to reco Vick
Iceland I last time I came here I think
it was the night April last year maybe
and it was under slightly different
circumstances so I flew in from
Greenland like on the most epic flight
of done in my life oh yeah it's pretty
beautiful flying engineer as well
actually I'm looking forward to spending
a few days here exploring meet some
locals and then and then the plan is at
some point don't know exactly when yet
we'll be flying from here to the UK
possibly into Scotland yeah and then
onwards down through Europe but yeah
next couple of days we're gonna be
exploring Iceland how did you find the
flight JP beautiful yeah without any
issues we we're a little worried about
the weather's warning Badou we couldn't
have asked for anything better
nice as good as it can get
it's nice to be back in Iceland I'm
looking forward to this have you been in
Iceland before
so guys as we came in to land Peter here
saw that we were about to land and came
out with his camera and got the the
landing and he's kindly offered to give
us a lift to our place we're staying
tonight
he's also pilot and has been following
our adventure a little bit so yeah
thanks thanks for giving us right so
it's 2:30 in the morning me and Matt
have been having a bit of laptop Club
getting sorted trying to catch up with
edits problem is because we're traveling
east and we're going through time zones
we've actually added I think two hours
onto our time from Greenland so we're
losing time and we're losing sleep time
we've decided the best plan is tomorrow
probably just take the day off doing
anything and just catch over there
that's and rest and stuff like that and
just so we can recuperate a bit for the
rest of the trip and yeah we would
already contacted a few people and a few
people have reached out to us to hang
out whilst we're here in Iceland I'm
gonna go and get some rest though I did
not sleep a lot last night and I'll
catch in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
