how's it going guys my name is Evan this
is my cat Bella who insisted on being a
part of this video I do vlogs on the
channel etg vloggity and you are
watching fun for Louis good morning guys
I am running late for a meeting
oh yeah it slept through three Long's
and then I hear their traffic have a
meeting total screen about some of the
plans about America luckily the
traffic's cleared up oh well that was a
great meeting again and we're coming up
some exciting plans for some more road
trips we're just looking for
sponsorships and brands and a bit more
of a plan of where we want to go and who
we want to go with but I think the
freedom family you're going to live on
I've arrived at Suez he's asked me to
come and feature and a podcast he's
doing I don't really know what it is
it's gonna be fun
so he's launching it when you look when
you launching it Oh a week and a half on
my channel cool yeah make sure to check
it out obviously yeah
ah and it's gonna be on it in the
background really cool I am just
escaping the British winter it's like
kind of spring and how are you feeling
today hitch
did you just look at market right well
that was a lot of fun we just chatted
like at our just have like random
discussions about life and experiences
and stuff and then you'll be able to
check all of that out when when soja
uploads his podcast I'm now gonna try
and head to get ace oil change in a car
and maybe meet up with there with Steve
as well he's on Sunset Boulevard very
fun
I literally just searched on my map for
oil change found the place two minutes
away gave them a ring they're like yeah
just bring the car over just like to
drive in get the oil changed simple as
that okay okay thanks
so it salt it right to his level update
my Jerry passed these hotel to try and
find him
turns out they're out of the moment but
we're going to try and hang out later
I'm now on my way to the airport
my phone's just about to die which I've
been using to navigate Kate's car can't
charge iPhones appointment
nice
and so I've stopped in a Fatburger to
get some food and they've kindly let me
charge my phone hit and and then I
should get Darcy's laughing with Amelia
I'm just sitting here in arrivals
waiting for Darcy and Amelia I think
their plane landed got myself a little
coffee I found a little charger for my
phone and it all is well yeah coffee
bags oh you have to check your penny
boards you gotten back so I've just gone
down the road for some food although I'm
kind of already and say thing these guys
are packing food might grab another
smoothie or something how are you
feeling right now Darcy fired I think
it's like 5:00 a.m. UK time so these
girls did well how are you feeling
really all right I think I might not
turn on England
by the time I go to bed I would have
been awake for like 24 hours yeah
training of young we have popped down to
target to buy some mattresses or
something like that something soft for
Darcy and Amelia to sleep on because
like I said the other day if the house
isn't fully furnished yet so let's see
what we can find
we're back and we have gifts this is
such a fast way of filling her air
mattress guys why have I never got one
of these little pumps well the girls are
sleep
Kate's chilling out me and Sarah have
wandered down the road check out this
live music venue
guys I just want to explain how awesome
that was so brought in expecting maybe a
DJ something random firstly some like
jazz fusion neo-soul jams like my
favourite possible music event and I
found my favorite ginger beer from
Australia I didn't even think they had
it here and it was just amazing
and it just makes me so happy to see
incredibly talented amazing music and
musicians playing around the world it's
just great how good was that man I
thoroughly enjoyed it I want to go back
every Wednesday
yeah goes check it out the federal is
that the right is it the federal yeah
this is an awesome place we've dropped
in on Damon's apartment and we are
making some grilled cheese we call in
cheese toasties I mean you're
technically yeah show me how kind of
showing me how to make the bread first
you can wait you know I did other no but
I'm excited to see others back in the
apartment I'm gonna get some sleep
tomorrow we're hopefully gonna hit
Venice Beach do some more skating and
just have some fun
peace out enjoy life
you
