hello everybody my name is Courtney and
I am from Canada where we eat way too
much food sin we say sorry way too much
we are addicted to maple syrup and we
ride polar bears and you're watching fun
for Louise so enjoy good morning guys
well that's for the afternoon do you
ever get those days where you feel like
you haven't you wake up and you feel
like you haven't slept
it's exactly what I thought I felt
really bad but I've got my I got decaf
coffee because I think maybe the
caffeine has been affecting me and look
who's here Sam or they are you guys
doing I'm joining their little hangout
at the coffee shop
right it's topped off with some pizza
and we're about to go and have a little
swim maybe jump in the hot tub
it's a perfect day perfect day so dis
arrived that sounds pad how sweet is
this guys this is just awesome
this piece art was only five dollars 99
thats like that's like three pound fifty
for a large so how you enjoying la are
they are so nice so nice bit of jacuzzi
I'll never really go in one of these
things about oh it's amazing so relax
it's so good
and we got see rover he's editing a
video look at that occasion guys I've
just come out on Sam's balcony and it is
such a warm evening and there's a
beautiful sunset happening and we're
gonna go for a little skate I'm gonna
get some food meat I was too far and I'm
just so glad this temperature is perfect
guys you like how my purple vest is
matching why pennyboard
wasn't planned I hear right hard this
route is so so bad
skiing at night would be deadly I was
feeling in a sweeping mood tonight
listen to my I see what you get to eat
so I got a Thai chicken salad
they said would you like chip serve and
I said yes I'd love some chips expecting
to get some nice beautiful English chips
and I got these forget the common fries
I'm gonna try to eat this Apple one by
Tony Oh
Oh
Wow said Scott Dunn filming a video here
earlier today we're just washing up what
were you watching they're watching my
glass is watching in your camera please
cost me $2,000 but
say it read something interesting on
this book yeah
Harry first accesses the Ministry of
Magic located deep underground visitors
entrance a red telephone booth for the
interiors of the ministry we took our
inspiration from the architecture used
in London's underground transport
network will survive on Sunday well they
can kiss ya
I cannot get over how beautiful this
evening is this is the ideal temperature
at nighttime it makes me so happy
we have moved the body back to the
apartment is somebody order a janitor so
we've run into Ryan and we're now
heading out to get some food maybe I
think some chocolate we we just raced
these guys and they're penny boards and
we won we won dat me no babe it was a
tie
no email is no channel that was your
nuts
yeah okay
security just told me off for riding
can someone tell me what they do to
American bread because bread usually
goes mouldy off for a couple of days so
when I was in America last year I left
bread for like two weeks and it was
still fine to eat that's worrying now we
have the sky Oh with our shopping bags
this is gonna be interesting
we've had a fun evening we watched the
latest episode of Game of Thrones which
was flippin awesome and I cannot wait
for next week also you guys might
remember last week I did some filming
with rhett and Link at the YouTube space
they've uploaded the video look this
measure yoga poses like Lotus and
basically I was like playing like a yoga
master hippy kind of guy in the video
I'll link that top line in the
description go and leave comments in the
video and saying staff I don't know
saying hey saying I sent you and yeah
yeah it was fun it's fun doing that I
enjoyed that there's anyone else in LA
youtubers that you can think of that I
should do some videos with I might try
and do some other kind of collapse style
videos alongside my daily vlogs I've
been talking about this for ages but it
could work out well I think I think I
could do some stuff but yeah I've get
some sleep and I'm looking forward to
Darcy getting here on Wednesday as well
my little sister anyway I'll catch you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boo
you
