and I'm really special Canada and we're
currently in Iceland and you're watching
I've had a nice relaxed morning and
Edwin has kindly cook some lunch for us
Oh what is this Edward this is super
eggs all right it's like yeah I just put
like all the meats in there's some
onions and chilies oh man I want to see
you try this this is amazing thank you
we've finished lunch and I've now dr.
Lisa's car and I need to go drop it back
to her she needs to use itself to be
followed but we go back to Lucy she's
headed off for a meeting and everyone's
got hair and they're trying to make a
platform a basically last night when we
eating tacos Edwin's friends tell us
about this donor place in Inglewood
which is must be the best thing halfway
there's between Donna so apparently
better than Krispy Kreme but it's in the
Englewood which isn't the safest area of
LA but we're just looking into it now it
could run these Donuts so I'm just
pulling up directions and where we're
gonna go in a bit of an adventure
they come max up that car is well with
the right ran these Donuts
I'm quite excited for this rally
we're trying to choose what Donuts we
deserve a ton yes we're just talking
into these died nuts and they are
definitely live up to their reputation
guys if you're ever in Engle it's
Randy's day nuts are you saying it but
have you ever in Inglewood good done
really good yeah I got a jam what did
you get Long John with custard oh I love
me some custard we've got a whole
selection we are now on our way to get a
car wash because as you can see Edwin's
windscreen and car in general is very
dirty and and we heard that there are
some good car washes in Compton so it
comes in a very intense and we just try
to find well it looks nice I like this
place it's cool
go to all the shop fronts here have bars
and can't be even see into the shops
found one one dollar
one dollar two hours sir what are those
self washing car washes where we've got
like all this stuff and I don't know I
guess we like select thing we need this
is cool
you're gonna have a clean car Edwin
good job a nice clean windscreen we've
arrived in Santa Monica and we're gonna
walk down to the pier and meet up with a
friend that I was meeting with last
night Steve and think me and Edwin
they're quite hungry we're gonna get
some food as well
and we've got food look at the snake
this random snake
with that fuck wandering around tonight
and Steve's up silly boy
but we have now headed out to a party
and we're gonna stop by and get some
energy drinks if we're not good that's
why he's tired I don't see about the
head of it alive this morning but any
drinks always good when we get to the
party I may not be able to tell huh
let's see I see my sneak a little bit
oh yes
where we got to the party and last about
an hour and then the police shot it down
so I guess we're gonna go somewhere else
now my name's Matthew the whole party
has moved to crave an all-night little
cafe I'm gonna go and get a cup of tea
hey guys look all it's a leap year ago
magic right there teaching mochi how to
flag destroy that's why we're there
price the end of the night I've had a
very fun day today a Bedouin and he's
being filming a fun video today which
you can check out on his channel it's
gonna be out on Tuesday and tomorrow
morning's my last morning in LA Edwin's
kindly going to come and hang out on her
loose you're gonna give me lift at the
airport in the afternoon but I'm gonna
get some sleep so we can have a fun
morning that she goes tomorrow peace out
enjoy life
