we're the other Annabelle and we're from
Homer we're on top of the Arc de
Triomphe in Paris right now and your
lunch and we are being serenaded by this
beautiful
right with wanders back to the apartment
and Sears finished his latest video when
we just watch it on the TV uploading
every other now this is a good one guys
he's gonna check out our link it top
line of the description for guys that
out JC's are right we're finding some
fun stuff to do we just filmed some more
videos for Edwin Holly brand new ally I
don't know where we are but it's fun
location shooting
so you cannot fit in such a shape you
can't get in bro yeah we are gathering a
bit of a crew we've got Damon now just
trying to figure out a plan for tonight
it's gonna need to involve food and the
make some music
today has been ultimately relaxed and we
really haven't done much we've just been
hanging out chatting and we're now
heading out to dinner
we've got there the crew it's gonna be a
good night
is all about these heaters guys all
about these heaters I got sausage B's
two guys and they can I serve a you
haven't tried it yet that was delicious
so delicious time for bed after dinner
coffee
maybe some pies yeah maybe some live
music
penny boarding or readies guns at full
speed so as though say lite-brite go
ahead so that Thor is actually chilling
out weird that's high tech making sure
you fall asleep while we're awake so you
can wake us up jacy's up see that boy am
I on let's go skateboards we use board
with zero word it's all about late night
penny boarding diamond the interior
designers are rearranging the the
paintings we've been there hallway yes I
went to college for this I like the
don't like the diagonal kind of very
well why do you want like that we don't
want the normal thanks why make sure
they all fit yes right with half the
house with wonder the crust arrives for
this little bar is like this big
full room and it's like super dark at
the bar
it's kind of cool what's going on
tonight really just have a nice evening
at a bar and then we came over we forgot
the key because they Miz good and what
did you do I managed to climb in the
window
straight having a party yes I know
today's been one of those super relaxed
days it's been cool hanging out with
everyone and it's nice to get some
downtime in LA before thought thought oh
what you doing anyway it's days like
today that I really appreciate your
being able to just relax and not too
much I'm flying
Darcy out next week so school holidays
to join me in LA she's bringing her
friends so that's gonna be cool for them
and seen Darcy in like six months or
something crazy I'm looking forward to
that and then I'm flying back to the UK
in like two or three weeks and then off
to Italy there's an Italian YouTube
conference if you live near Milan and
haven't heard about it I'll link in the
description and we are gonna do a road
trip after that whole bunch of us and
then I'm off doing some digit or dates
in London and I think New York and
Toronto
I don't know that screen confirms but
I'm trying to keep you guys up with my
travel plans but some of its really
last-minute I'm gonna get some sleep
pretty tired and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow we go to the beach it's gonna
be a good day peace out enjoy your life
and live the adventure
you
