boom right they have come out for an
amazing breakfast Jule just taken us to
this extravagant place
how you feeling this morning Lena
pancakes I've got Eggs Benedict
on the recommendation of George and
we're gonna go and rent a small car and
go and hang out with Nick and hand in a
minute but first it's time
right we have successfully got our
rental car on the seventh floor
we've got there now George has left the
kindly shelters breakfast it's very
harshly
yeah now we need to find the other guys
going up
well we found our car and we're on our
way
what do you think about Carlina it's
pretty good yeah we happy with it it's
pretty nice pretty nice and the key
thing about this car is it's got USB
thing for charging phones is actually a
vital thing we chose this car because of
the USB thing basically right we've
arrived at Nick and angeas they're just
chilling out messing this room up and
we're just trying to figure out what
we're gonna be doing tonight they've got
to chill for a couple hours and hang out
people and merely inner thinking of
heading in San Francisco there was a
Jazz Festival today by thing we just
missed it I think it's just ending but
we might so try to have a jazz come
tonight and it's gonna have some fun so
we're gonna leave Nick and Anja to it
and we're gonna cruise into San
Francisco they're gonna catch up with us
later on I think we're gonna go to Pier
39 which is a apparently nice place to
walk around
we gonna cross the disease
of all
we've arrived at pier 39 and we're just
wandering around I'm gonna get a little
coffee
and then we're gonna find something to
eat
what did you get we both got burgers in
America really no other choice right
I've got my energy back and we are we
need to rush now to get to the Golden
Gate Bridge for sunset sister all right
way oh yeah so I've got about 20 minutes
to the sunsets we're gonna try and go
over there speak louder right let's roll
it's chilly guys Vianne Lina didn't
bring any you like jumpers or sweaters
or anything yeah but I think Nick Amanda
comes join us and I've requested they
burn clothes
so we're driving to the Golden Gate
Bridge and it looks like it's completely
engulfed the clouds then you can see
this it's gonna be far away but it's
it's very cloudy so I don't think
they'll be an amazing view these people
have it right coats scarfs everything
and we're now like on the edge of the
clouds as well so it's like
I didn't eleena my mouth feels Bowl it's
like I ingested a mouthful of ice
we're in the clouds we are in the clouds
well guys here's the Golden Gate Bridge
in all of its glory behind the clouds
so guys this is what the bridge is
supposed to look like when the clouds
aren't there so just imagine imagine
that's what it looks like
well it's still cool hiking up to the
Golden Gate Bridge but slightly
disappointing there wasn't a nice view I
think we may have to come and try this
again tomorrow
so we up
and we're gonna try and get into this
jazz bar I think I'm dressed very
appropriately but let's give it a go or
this guy's dreadlocks look at the length
of Mecca days literally down those knees
how you guys then good thanks for
enjoying enjoying jazz yeah service
we're also sleep you know just feel like
we're just here like in this half like
comatose state the Jazz are so chill I
wasn't sure whether you're doing a
saxophone or a guitar impression then
there's a combination guys we just
walked behind the jazz bar because
there's like some cool graffiti down
here and we just saw a raccoon there are
a quick question which cartoon is this
guy from I cut we can't remember
can you remember guys please comment
below because this is really important
let's get the hint on is way colder in
San Francisco that is in LA let's get a
heating on
well it's been such a chilly evening
it's great to catch some jazz and hang
out and make an angel bit and we are
making some fun plans for tomorrow we're
gonna get up pretty early and make a
full day of it kind of going round San
Francisco seeing some of the sights I
think we may be visiting the Facebook
headquarters and I don't like just
having a good fun day I'm gonna get some
sleep and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
