good morning guys
it's another incredible day in LA when's
it not
when did not and we we've gone down for
some breakfast at the Republic of Pi
again and Edwin's joined us good morning
everybody
we haven't got long there's a nickel and
two coming over pick us up for a road
trip
forget that coffee guys look at this
amazing like misting stuff that's coming
off this restaurant or wherever the
basis it's like the most refreshing
thing ever
exactly what you need of the hot day and
just arrived hey Nancy
so good what a beautiful day look at
this amazing car we've got a road trip
in Hey Dude pop the trunk
Wow you go just got the sweet you are
literally the most stylish
guys we've arrived and we're hanging out
at Lisa hey how was your 4th of July
miss you yesterday really awesome
there's fireworks and lots of good food
that's all I wanted basically Lucia is
it like some exclusive party that we
couldn't come to you because it's so
exclusive I think and is falling in love
with this car
right I've had to borrow Nick's camera
because my camera completely soaking wet
I was filming the sea coming in and they
just went under war and it's drying out
at the moment Benny oh we're gonna go
get some food and refreshments before
long drive up the coast I think I need
nice cold drink
where are we nick in san luis obispo
which is kind of like a student town and
so they're Cal Poly here which is like
if take University and it's really
really nice little place good bars and
that's about as much as in it how far
away and I'll write to San Francisco
we got about 250 miles lift so we
probably you there are ten o'clock at
night okay so we're gonna miss the bride
yeah and that's BBQ for anyone that's
not so good yeah we were supposed to go
to a barbecue at someone's house tonight
but we left it too late but it's been an
incredibly beautiful drive so far I'm
looking towards the rest of it how are
you holding up Lena good oh it's
beautiful guys I forgot to show you
something this is literally made the
journey at hours and times whether the
car has mains power since when does any
car mains power meaning I can just chill
my laptop the whole journey and ignore
everyone else will be anti-social
you're welcome that jacket and also guys
look Jeff has raised two thousand two
hundred and fourteen dollars for his
gang his van back and as thanks to you
guys getting behind it
well guys it's 10 p.m.
we've literally been driving all day and
nick has been an incredible driver for
the neck that was the reference to their
wife tag video where and didn't know my
outro anyway we're stopping now we're
gonna get in and out burger because I'm
hungry Nick he's doing is please do this
lettuce thing again protein style
right we've arrived at George's house
he's picking us up the night min Lina
and this is Nick's friend what's
happening advise on our company and he's
actually helping us Marcus Butler and I
start that public cope and he's gonna
show us some of his cool maps yeah
that's a map from 1540 and it's supposed
to be the earliest map you could obtain
of Africa I don't know if you can see
there's an actually an old frame inside
a newer frame and this is an art glass
this map has been behind that glass
since about the 1840s Wow
that maps from 1541 yeah both of them
and I've mastered them so they looked
like there's a continuous map of Africa
these are extremely or these these are
now five hundred and one years old that
was printed 1486 what well I learned a
lot about maps tonight and now these
guys are off to their stain down the
road
well it's been a fascinating evening
learning a lot thanks George tonight but
travels and different collections he's
got we are going to be exploring bit of
San Francisco tomorrow with Nick and
Ange and I'm looking forward to that
stuff never spent much time in San
Francisco all right I'll catch you guys
tomorrow morning peace out
enjoy your life and live the adventure
