good morning guys is fourth of July and
we stayed at Edwin's last night and he I
only got a little bit of it left cause
it's so delicious but he cooked us some
cookies so fourth of July cookies and
these are awesome
and we're gonna one driver get a little
coffee and I think I need a bit of a a
chilled one today and then we're gonna
party tonight how you feeling today me
no better yeah yes we were so tired last
night
right we finally go out the house and
I'm starving guys and they've come to
please you though the other door
the other door what's this whole thing's
change we've come to Republic of Pi and
comes out some late breakfast
a bond Australian made mine you didn't
get enough straight in made by a new
Australia
right me and Lina just jumped in an uber
and we're going to go and see Nick and
and and a will and then we're heading to
the party it's been a super relaxed day
so far we've just been inside I've been
editing I've been helping Jeff get his
video edited for his campaign for his
IndieGoGo campaign and I haven't even
finished my vlog yet
drivers were right back at Lucy's and
we've gathered the team for tonight the
party team but still in a car and we
going up the valley with notes but we
just have a girl with us to eat first
looking to are we going to go this wrong
we just arrived at this party and
there's a monkey there's a monkey just
chilling outside it's a
food
this pie is mad it's a three-story
mansion that overlooking the whole
Hollywood the whole of LA we can see
what the fireworks going off you go
Jacuzzi down there this is like nitrogen
liquid nitrogen frozen yogurts being
made
right we have come back to Mickey mantas
friend Charlie's house there's a hot tub
which is apparently closed but we're
going to try and sneak into pot and have
a little chill time and this is a Kobe
yes hot tub time no propaganda to be
home we're just trying to figure out who
to get dropped off first me
wow it's been a super chill day today
guys
other than the party that was kind of a
highlight but it was nice to be in
America for the big celebration of the
4th of July it's quite interesting in
England we don't learn anything about
the 4th of July or American history even
though we were quite involved in that
date and the independence and America
you know fighting for independence
against the you know against the British
colonists so ever so yeah it was quite
interesting to to learn a bit more about
that and but yeah it's good
celebrating with some Americans tonight
and having fun we are getting ready for
a little road trip tomorrow
we're waking up first thing and we are
renting a little car and me and Lena and
Nick and ang are going up to San
Francisco for a couple of days that
should be super fun and I'll catch you
guys and peace out enjoy your life and
live the adventure
