well it's 4:00 in the morning and we
might slept a little bit but it's very
uncomfortable sleeping on concrete guys
but good news it's a very warm night so
we're not but these really really bright
street lights came on about an hour ago
and I'm gonna throw this out there
I don't think Jeff's picked the best
sleeping spot or the police come and
arrest us it's time to get up
historian zip Hey look what time is it
now Jeff
it is 7:05 yeah we still down here
so the store isn't open yet but I think
the managers about show up and
apparently we can't hang around so so
it's probably the earliest start hands
it's my day in a while
you having fun there enough well me and
Jeff you've got laptop clock going on
and Starbucks doing some editing Jeff's
doing some stuff and I think the girls
are going to go for a little walk
yeah we're going adventuring what's up
guys you're watching fun for Lucy and
fun for Lina and we've hijacked Louise
camera because he's doing pouring things
editing in arles right now tree to
climbing we're just hanging out
if you guys haven't seen the movie hot
rod go check it out because the punch
dancing in that it's possibly the most
majestic punch dancing I've ever seen in
my life to be honest none of you can
compete with me because my skills it is
way too damn but this policeman just
horribly discriminated on Jeffy he told
me he was hoping he could arrest me and
take me to jail
No so I'm sitting here in Starbucks and
I looked outside and looked at the car
and the sign I notice it's a three hour
parking limit so I checked all the tires
and make sure there's no markings good I
know how they mark any certain spots so
there was as I'm getting ready to come
back
the cop came on the motorcycle by the
way he had been inside the store here
and I saw him and he immediately says I
need you to sit down right now I said
well what for I need to know by law I
have a right to know what car is this
because I told you so I said well I
still need to know why he says I'm
detaining you right now understood
I saw you checking this car I actually I
actually came outside and he said are
you with this man and I was like yeah
he's my friend and he said I need you to
stand over there sir I was like we're
still staying in Starbucks and I've
almost upload my blog for yesterday I
was just asking Jeff how he manages to
me being homeless and stuff and he says
tell me about this food card I never
realized existed so this card is a
prepaid debit cards and the government
$180 a month which you can only spend in
grocery stores to buy food only
absolutely no others so if less
Starbucks and Lucy's had to shoot off
actually she's driven back to LA she's
got some stuff that allow me and Lena
are gonna catch a train we're just going
to go down to the train times I'm
feeling shattered guys
and Jeff was saying he survives often on
a little amount of sleep and it just
affects your whole day just walking
around having only autonomously but we
are gonna chitchat train times and then
we're gonna go and get some food for
this case should be bigger
we finished lunch and lay down
so Jeff is it sometimes hard kind of
carrying around all your luggage with
you do you find it difficult
yes for sure ever since it took my van
away everything I own is in a van I had
to take a few things out and I can only
carry so many things as you can see and
the other big challenges you have to
have it with you you can't leave it
anywhere if someone can steal it
so before me and Lina get the train back
up to LA we the same thing Starbucks and
we're going through the campaign that
gifts are try to get a new van and to
get them off the street so we're just
looking through it at the moment so we
wore down to the train station yeah what
time in the evenings you start worrying
about where you're gonna sleep for the
night and stuff because it's starting to
get dark do you do you know already
where you're gonna sleep tonight or
you're just gonna kind of figure it out
later on you know when I lived in the
van I always have multiples places to
sleep and just like now on the street
you always think about different places
that you're gonna stay yeah and so I
already know the place where we stay
before I'll just go back to there
because it's nearby or somewhere or
somewhere right here is it so trying
well Jeff it has been a pleasure
stay in touch
thanks for letting us stay windy last
night we just had such a lovely train
ride American trains are so comfortable
how is your first American train
experience
guys how scary it is leaving little eyes
are you a demon
what is it right down the hallway tired
no more scratchers well we just got off
the Metro and we are strolling down to
Edmunds house
it's lovely evening it's 1:00 in the
morning and we've decided to come back
for this cool diner we went through the
other day and I decided it's it's
probably about time to have another
coffee classic well it's very late at
night and me and Lena of night and
mostly today but it's been amazing it's
been a privilege to hang out with Jeff
earlier and be a part of his story and
his helping this fundraising campaign
which should have launched by the time
for this video up so if you guys do feel
like you want to help Jeff out and you
want to become a road warrior and join
his cause and help him get back on his
feet and and get his new van sort it
then
I'll link top line of the description
his IndieGoGo campaign and go and get
involved I'd really appreciate it and it
would change his life all right I'm
gonna get some sleep it's actually the
fourth of July technically now I've got
my pouf I've got my American flag
freedoms and we're gonna do some parties
and stuff tomorrow
okay peace out enjoy life in the
adventure
