good afternoon guys we are in Greenland
we flew in yesterday and we've only got
like one or two days here so we're
trying to explore as much as possible
before heading onwards on our trip to
Iceland but luckily we've met a local
girl Natasha who is friends with one of
my friends and we've managed to me up
yesterday we hung out with her last
night and she's taking us around today
to see some of the sights some of the
scenic stuff and then we're gonna try
and film with her maybe some of her
friends like interviewing them later for
the documentary so just learning a
little bit about Greenland and what it's
like living here in the culture and
stuff so yeah we're gonna jump in the
car now and go for a little mission
you guys ready to explore Greenland last
night so we flew into Nick Nick and
things we found out as none of the
cities or towns are connected by a ride
in Greenland so we are just gonna drive
as much as we can
so first up today we're going to the
National Museum where we're going to
learn a bit of the history of Greenland
embarassingly before getting here
yesterday I really didn't know anything
about this country but I've been
learning Lots
asking a lot of the locals things but
hopefully we're going to find out a lot
more especially about the the native
people the Inuits that were originally
living here like for thousands of years
oh yeah also guys we're with Matt if you
haven't watched the last couple of vlogs
he's joined us for a few weeks
flying around the world so we're looking
at some of the traditional outfits here
check these out
love the patterns so ornate
is that our national costumes that we
would wear for like any traditional
celebration or someone who's maybe
birthday
first day at school like that's what you
have the little kids won and weddings
something fascinating about Greenland is
that there are no trees here trees do
not grow so all of the tools that they
would have had to use hundreds and
thousands of years ago would have had to
be from bone or rock or potentially like
driftwood that washed ashore but I just
find that amazing that they managed to
have a sustainable civilization here
without wood as a as a resource to build
things mind blow and a mentor to light
fires they would just burn like blubber
like seal or whale fat to cook things
and to use as a fuel source which is
just mind-blowing so resourceful
say these bodies were excavated from a
burial chamber an estimated to have been
there from 1475 and their mummified from
the cold dry air and clothed in fur to
give him a safe voyage to the land of
the dead the Inuits would be living in
Greenland for thousands of years and
then in 1721 Denmark colonized Greenland
so so there's a lot of Danish culture
that's come in with a Danish language
but there's also the Greenlandic
language which is still alive today and
I guess this museum had a lot of kind of
interesting cultural artifacts and kind
of old ways of life explaining the old
ways of life of the Inuit so Matt was
just telling me he read some information
there saying that up until the Second
World War all of the coastal towns that
were colonized with totally isolated so
didn't have communication or travel
between them and then it wasn't a Second
World War where they found a way to
connect those places it still feels like
in a lot of ways they are still really
remote and detached from each other and
like I was saying they only travel
via air or sea there's no roads though
this is one of the most unique
fascinating countries of NT I'm so glad
we got to learn a bit about history
where we off to next Natasha
the oldest part of town so it just
arrived on this little outcrop of rock
looking out over the oldest part of town
which is called mocha de lijn it's just
loads of colorful buildings with an
incredible backdrop of this mountain
so we've just flown drone out to this
iceberg out here am i getting some
close-up shots of that bad boy if we had
more time in Greenland we would head up
north where there's ginormous icebergs
and you can kind of get boats through
the icebergs and get up close but
unfortunately because of our scheduling
and there's a weather front coming in
kind of mid next week we're gonna try
and head out tomorrow across to the
other side and then onto Iceland so yeah
no icebergs close up for us but I'm I'm
content with just seeing well from this
distance
they're just slides straight up
right yeah we're gonna head off to the
next place I don't know where we're
going next but this is the kind of place
I could just hang out all day because
it's so picturesque I can just get a
little bit obsessive like taking photos
and video shows
so we've driven out of town as far as we
can and we've just arrived at the end of
the road this is it this is it this is
the look you check this out this is
crazy so there's no town beyond this or
there is but not not via ride is it this
is the end this is this is just so nuts
what do you think of this JP by far the
most unique place we've just driven up
to another lookout point and I'm
scrambling up the rocks Oh to try and
get a good shot the other 70 to 200 on
we're back at Natasha's house where
she's kindly said we could stay tonight
and we're gonna crash in the room
downstairs this is her lovely dog what
pseudo came again pew skit and he made
me a coffee and we're just chatting
about where we should shoot a few
interviews so we're gonna have a cool
like discussion about Greenland I'm
gonna ask a bunch of questions we're
gonna try and yeah shoot an interview
with our proper mics and cool lenses and
stuff
does this look with me sitting it's
great my producer well I really want to
do is be nice enough that when you're
talking to me yeah
this is kind of like just that over the
shoulder thing all right
if you could be able to like sit down
different types of people different
religion beliefs or culture to
understand each I think it's about
wanting to to understand each other and
respect each other's opinion or way of
living okay so we're trying to figure
out how to get to Iceland tomorrow
basically there's a couple options we
can go down to the south of Greenland
and then up a little bit up the coast
and then over to Iceland
or we can just go straight across
Greenland but this little tricky because
the ice caps really high we don't really
know what the weather's gonna be like
over that - yeah we're just kind of
weighing all the options and trying to
figure out what to do right we've just
completed our first proper interview we
had three different camera angles I
think I went all right I think it might
need to work on my interviewing skills a
little bit but um yeah Natasha was the
legend she killed it and now now we're
gonna go and try and shoot the sunset
get to a cool spot and then we're gonna
go out and get some Thai food and then
so ready for Thai food Greenlandic food
hasn't treated me too well yet it's
being kind of old it's just been like
pasta and potatoes and I haven't really
have to find anything vegan but I will
just arrive at this spot to watch the
sunset and I think this is quite a
significant spot why is this significant
because we have the only house that
shows the way we used to live up here
including when it's made a factor in
stones the dirt holds it together in one
and it's to remind us that the way we
used to live and the amazing part is
that you can see the house is filled
with how to call it I have flowers
flowers yeah flowers and grass okay
and the Greenlandic people have never
settled to one specific place because
they always follow the food the animals
so they're kind of nomadic yeah so
almost every single summer of the move
and yeah it's the most natural house
that you can imagine huh also guys I
don't think I've actually introduced Jay
Jay Jay Jay's Natasha's boyfriends and
he's been teaching us a lot about
Greenland too and let's have a cheeky
little look through it okay that looks
pretty crazy in there I definitely
wouldn't be able to stand up though huh
that is cool
right we are heading down to the
waterfront I reckon we've only got like
5-10 minutes before the Sun dips behind
the mountains
can I drink this water is it fresh or
not we have one I think it's fresh yeah
but is it seawater it's not saltwater
this it's on the snow I can't think
what's gonna do things bad yeah I'm
taking a risk here guys and gambling but
I think this snow runoff is good it's
we're drinking it so close to the sea
though I feel like it should be salt
water but it's not matter how you
feeling getting down to the fury
walking back
it's tough mother shape right after
dinner
I'm so glad found some Greenlandic
friends
this dude is showing us how to make
Greenlandic coffee
Cheers
what's that what's Greenlandic for
Cheers
gasps to sorta get through that nice
dinner
guys check Northern Lights aurora
borealis
it is finally the end of the evening
we've had an incredible day it was so
nice of an adoption to take us out as a
tour guide of something that didn't
mention geysers she is actually a
youtuber I think she's like one of the
biggest influences in Greenland she has
like Instagram and YouTube she does
really incredible makeup artistry so
you're interested I'll link her channel
below go show some love and yeah she's
kindly hostess that hosted us tonight
playing us they air which is something
we'd love to do on the rest of the trip
as well so if you are vaguely on our
route make sure to email us and maybe
you'll get to show us around as well we
can collaborate together and maybe
choose some interviews I'm super chuffed
that we did finally get to do some solid
kind of chats the camera interviews
today something I've been wanting to do
we didn't manage to get done in Canada
because it was so fast going through or
the US yet yeah we had an amazing day
very productive sunset she saw the
Northern Lights yeah I couldn't wish for
much more
I am definitely coming back to Greenland
we have all our stuff on charge ready
for tomorrow I used all of my a7 s
batteries like 10 of them today which is
mad but yeah we got some great footage
and ya see in the morning we're heading
to the airport early not entirely sure
yet whether we're gonna be able to leave
the country because of the weather
conditions but we'll check that first
thing and yeah hopefully it all goes to
plan and the weather's good we can get
all the way to Iceland if not we all go
to the east coast of Greenland and then
head to Iceland the next day all right
see in the morning peace out enjoy life
a little adventure
