hi I'm Desiree and we're at the
Renaissance Festival and you're watching
fun for gooey good morning we are in
Arizona I don't know we're in Arizona
that is beautiful
we're going on a little stroll to look
at this cactus it's like a tree trunk is
so epic we are half hour away from this
Renaissance Fair or Renaissance what do
you guys say Renaissance or Renaissance
anyways half an hour away and obviously
Ford's going and dressing up for the
night and maybe getting some medieval
feet
it's broke hi this is Jose Jose taking a
moment ever since famous saying hola
hola hola hola here we are
Renaissance Faire yes
this is exciting I just really had
costumes for em guys costumes for rent
have you found any cool questions that's
cold
it's just to help with costumes right
now it's fun everyone else
yes check that out guys that's a legit
circulate yeah and how is it it's I feel
like a medieval King corsets cakes look
at the corsets we can find the corset
okay has just bought a full outfit give
us a little twirl okay yeah
cheerio
this place is so good this is like an
elephant riding an elephant just amazing
guys those of you that worried about
animal cruelty don't worry these
elephants are contributing to the
survival of their species and the right
revenue goes to helping that we are
relaxing in the shades a few of us may
have got sunburned today especially see
he's he's looking very red I I was told
not to go in the Sun because the
antibiotics and run but I think I'm
feeling all right I don't we go drinking
lots of water
that's important I learned that lesson
in Kenya drink lots of water in the Sun
well we missed the jousting but I wanted
to come and see a horse anyway look at
this guys the geese got Lilly a violin
and actually drew blood I don't know how
I did that you are a deadly goose guys
check this out this is incredible
absolutely incredible we are back in the
van and we are heading to Edwin's house
now a load of logs we've arrived at
Edwin's family home Phoenix Arizona and
we're gonna go for a little skate it's
been such a beautiful day and I've
managed to avoid getting sunburned
amazingly even though I was out in the
Sun all day
we have finished skating around with
left
Edwin's and we are gonna get some drinks
and some food and have a lovely evening
together
the timing is worked out perfectly
coming through Phoenix because it's ed
Huan's brother's birthday and that's
what we popped in on my dad did let you
know thanks for having us today
right we've gone back to Edmunds house
before we leave on the next leg of the
road trip we found the hot everyone else
is taking a little nap for our last
drive through the night to LA last part
of the road trip and I'm gonna get some
sleep once we head on the ride catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
