enjoy good morning guys I have come out
for a meeting this morning and I'm kind
of tired only got five hours sleep but
it's good we fun well I had an
interesting meeting this morning
picked up a coffee on the way back and
got all these lovely people to breakfast
with and Lucy's picks what is this a
potato pancake you just missed it
Lucy's like screaming at the TV for some
reason I think there's some kind of
sport going on these guys run around on
the pitch and they like kick something I
don't know
this Alesi cells make shows just
clearing out some old clothes look
amazing lovely senior team loves it's
alright it's okay to be a loser right
we've all jumped in the car and we're
now heading out on a little adventure
I'm gonna go around pick up some stuff
from where leaders staying and then
we're gonna go watch the sunset and the
Griffith Observatory which is like
overlooking la it's not to be beautiful
how you guys there hey you like pretty
snuggly snuggly
hello afternoon snack no coffee drinks
from chocolate guys I'm gonna break it
to you those who don't know Hershey's
chocolate it's terrible you can't get
good shot in America but I found a Twix
and some Rolo so I'm happy that we made
it we made it guys are you feeling all
right
I bought a chili dog but they didn't
have any leukemia
a lot of logging camera what this is
like the third time I've been to the
observatory but I've never actually
properly looked around inside so we're
gonna go have a little explore like a
little Museum
look at that telescope there's a big
swing ee bull I think it's telling the
time potion right look guys this is a
Tesla coils Nikola Tesla check him out
easy-peasy
they'll ever go over how beautiful
sunsets are it's incredible such an
amazing natural beauty right we've left
the observatory and we are now heading
down Lucy's got a meeting and then I
think we are going on to a house parties
Edwin's birthday today and I'm also
hoping we might go to pub across the
street and sneak into the jacuzzi so
you're having a party it's a party
Wow
were crazy
is well and truly underway now is filled
up for RIM for the people lots of energy
and it wasn't clear like being 25 man oh
no doc tell everybody for over a century
he's good I'm glad all my friends are
here I think he gets all for coming up
whoo I think it's startups everybody
please I think we should all sing happy
birthday
Oh
what's one bit of life advice you offer
the world please always ask questions
always ask why why do I do this always
ask why and then your life will be the
better that's good advice
it's awesome to spend your birthday
honestly I appreciate you guys coming so
much that's all right
let me love you guys right we've left a
party and it's time to sneak into the
hot tub down the road add up time
I was amazing guys was in the jacuzzi
I hit 800,000 subscribers on YouTube
that is so awesome
well that's a fun party this evening and
so good to get in the hot tub and let
our wounds are healing up well WC is
quite dark there are no healing all
right I'm gonna get some sleep and we're
gonna have another fun day tomorrow
caching then peace out enjoy life live
the adventure boom
