good afternoon guys
we had a LAN this morning and we've only
just checked out of our own stuff it's
quite late so we're gonna head down for
some lunch by the pool and hopefully
Lucy has come to join us how you doing
lunchtime I'm excited that Gurkha gonna
go
it's very warm today than anything well
I brought you a nice cold glass of water
Cheers
well we have had the most relaxing
afternoon just chilling in the jacuzzi
swimming just relaxing having nice
little conversations meeting people and
chip is going to stay here for a bit and
then head back down to where you stand
again don't appoint him appointing
appoint for you South Orange County so
we're gonna say goodbye time here and
we're going to catch up with in a few
days me and Lucy or maybe some other
people are gonna go and go and stay with
him see what it's like staying on the
streets and and into him a bit more and
just find out how we can all help like I
say and and check out the mobile
homeless people live in vehicles like
gypsies yeah so and those of you don't
know I said the other day just got a
YouTube channel you guys should go and
follow its life and encourage him and
support him over there and I'll link
that at the top line in the description
you go and get involved and I see the
never yeah go first check out road
warriors 3 6 0 that's his channel and
yeah have a good journey back Jeff thank
you for you days you're Louie is great
no he was great he invited me to come to
VidCon and let me stay in his hotel room
and lunch and was very hospitable thanks
bro you're welcome hey where you guys
from
I love Brazil
well we've got back to Lucy's house and
she's gonna cook us some food what you
cooking first Lucy I'm making zucchini
pasta which Shay taught me how to make
and crispy Brussels spouts and I think
Alexa and will are gonna come over and
they're bringing dessert I think this is
gonna be a vegan meal well there's a
little cheese and the Brussels sprouts
so properly but everything else we've
shaved all the zucchini
yeah the Cooney's that I think that's
cool chat uncle Jeff okay whatever you
said and I put a little teeny little bit
of oil in there and I put some salt soon
as I find it and this will result in
internal lighter color and then when
it's done we're gonna add this it's like
my homemade tomato sauce really good
doesn't have anything preservatives just
now
and then we are
well my hair is actually still soaking
wet from the jacuzzi
especially when I tie it up I just
doesn't get x drive so just quickly
hairdryer before dinner
denied is sad and Alexa will joined us
and Shay you might make sure I think
Shay tell us about your adventure this
meal my event
Emilio they said this is your adventure
is I'm always trying to find ways to be
really healthy so we had to ditch the
pasta this is apini we ditched the meat
use lentils a little better there sure
thanks for cooking
right we finished dinner we are now
heading off for some dessert maybe ice
cream
no way in the same we've arrived
why scream did you get Alexa that looks
amazing
I got double dark chocolate with vanilla
cookie crumble let's go let's go Danny
prepare this guy let's go this guy looks
like a go happens the labyrinth you're
gonna be coming shopping here and I mean
just the way that has this phone oh so
why is it be the still in it
we're taking a little wonder we found
these these lights no not these lights
well these lights would Lucy well it's
been a super chilled day has to be nice
to wind down after VidCon and Nick and
Ange have gone to the place they're
staying FX has gone back and we're with
me or crashing at Lucy's and we've got a
fun day tomorrow planned I think we can
they hang out get a coffee
grow some breakfast and then go down to
Venice Beach and then maybe go up to the
observatory Griffith Observatory in the
evening to watch a sunset it's like a
sky said peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
