my name is Ariana and you are watching
frightfully good morning guys
we are on the way for some meetup or
signing with Zuri
I've like topped up on Beechum's I've
got a bag full of tissues basically my
identity not ideal for some secret back
entrance I've got my monster because I
only got three hours sleep that's gonna
be a fun day seen any fun day
hey this morning Marcus I'm nervous you
ready yeah yeah and I just drank
go for it so a you can do it my way to
start to our signing meet-and-greet
photos I don't know some of us hello I'm
excited to meet everyone and see who's
there
all right so we're about half an hour
into the Meetup and it's awesome
I drank too much caffeine this morning
my heart is racing any about to get
another coffee we have just come back to
our hotel room having a little rest
before the next part of the day and
really exciting news guys my sister
Hilary some of you might not know she is
just uploaded a first youtube video
today so we're just watching it it's a
love advice but I'll link it below and
you go show some left guys
clicking we destroy how you doing good
how to speak up be like so so so let's
present it
how you brought it back from jail good
so far really hungry not to get hold of
food but integrates theory in the
meantime coffee
oh oh okay cheers anyway we go we go
okay we're on bribes gets a pizza he
gets a piece of Jess how's your day
going man yeah good good that's very
late piece of cheers hello how are you
guys doing
how did you meet it was really good whoa
how you doing Casper one more time I
donate ones yeah very well watching
magic last night how you doing today
Louise
how would you meet up Marcus yeah it's
good man so apparently we've got
something happening tomorrow which we
are doing on stage I have no idea what
it is so I'm gonna be playing the drums
for the performance we have finished our
rehearsal thing and now me and Louise
are going to do separate panels well
what's your panel on QA QA yeah I think
it's pretty vague
we all know a texted him and I said hey
I'm watching you late oh sorry
grace she's late too
I would say make videos that you would
enjoy to watch don't make them but what
you expect other people to like remember
you'll have a lot more fun with what
you're doing
absolutely it needs to be like what you
genuinely have an interest in watching
and what you want to make because then
you can do it you can keep being really
happy about it
don't focus on numbers and and trying to
get you know something that to go viral
or something just enjoy yourself just
enjoying yeah blocking is a conversation
if you have five people watching your
video or five people don't make the
video hoping for those five videos
talking to those five I didn't speak but
I kind of got into it okay yeah happy
how about you done it was good I mean
yeah it was like okay I mean yeah why do
I sign up to things where people have
already you know like five thousand yeah
it's fine doing a big audience yeah it's
reality like it's a fraction of all real
like guys it's that time of the day I
need to go and chill in a hot tub for a
little bit and I've met with my friend
Lena hey are you getting in the hot tub
yeah jump it anything how you doing how
you doing big good I've been in the hot
tub again for like two hours but the
most incredible thing happened
a waitress will pass oh my god ice cream
and an apple juice delivered to the hot
well I finally got out of the hot tub I
feel amazing they are so amazing and I'm
just with Calum and I've got my penny
board and we're gonna go meet up with
Marcus now I think Zoey's coming skating
with us sorry
we got Connor Noemi how you deny me I
haven't really chatted this I saw you
chilling by the pool today relaxing I
was in the hot tub I was in the hot tub
I was for three hours
hey come on
you always
how are you doing try to eat it tired
that's the rudest you like toilet
because you've been working so hard all
day it's been a big day it has been a
big day so now I'm enjoying not smiling
I'm just yeah I bet it's nice
I've left the other guys and I've met
with this lot this rabble and we are
jumping in this car and we're gonna go
to this this other party or something
and you're watching fun falou see he's
out enjoy life the adventure we go
straight into the party know how so
look who we found we found Jeff well we
have the pleasure of having Jeff stay
with us tonight and we just we're just
waiting for in another bed because we
got to roll out beds already and we're
waiting for one more hotel room buddies
Street to the top of the hotel ha ha
peace out into your life from Livia
venture
