good morning guys
it's the first day of VidCon and
everyone else has gone down to get some
food I'm just brewing a little coffee
and I just finished editing but yeah
check out our to go room I found the
girls
this looks great morning how you guys
doing this morning good and I want to
see yours your tattoo Thanks
Wow
yeah I'm pointing to you with my other
arrows
cheers net pinnacles just dance cow
passes special guest special yeah all
right it's time to go the serene pool /
a hot tub mainly hot tub I'm hoping my
wound doesn't get infected looking
forward to some swimming time let's do
this where's the Pope hello
look who's come to join us oh and Lily
hey Lily
how you doing well we just spent two
hours in the hot tub and messing around
the pool and now we're gonna wander
around fighting yesterday come to the
special area with password instead which
actually works and I'm just to manage to
upload my vlog after trying all day and
we're gonna sit down play some cards
omigod Lucy gets pops yeah your hair is
awesome yeah I did myself actually
that's amazing how was your talk epic
you must be so tired we gonna part you
tonight though yeah guys check out this
kids Jamie's hat that is made of cookies
so the scab on my wound dissolved quite
a bit in the hot supper and just kindly
offered to be a nurse and like put stuff
on it or something okay you do that
not to open the wing not really opening
it's pinkish ones I don't think I'll put
on all of them I'll put on now on your
hip one yeah no bills so nice get lit up
take lovey the nurse Nick what's going
on a sting convince me nursing
oh yeah we convinced you it's just like
it's being really comfortable if you
might say this is the skinny jeans and
everything guys you look fabulous you
look thank you thank you we're gonna
attempt to get to this conference center
so he kindly got escorted through to
this like chill guest lounge area and
there's yeah where is everyone
it's popcorn though yes how you doing
sir pretty good lady has been acting up
so I'm very happy
mm-hmm he's kind of mellow out there but
I'm looking forward to meeting everyone
that's come to VidCon guys well I just
had a fun time in the convention center
meeting some people
hello I got a little bit hectic but it's
cool it's lovely meeting everyone I
haven't actually had a chance to walk
around and see all the stands and stuff
which I faithfully will do some way so
just come into this point yeah
how you don't help a dead man are you
enjoying VidCon yeah this is awesome
it's so crazy this year it's all really
beautiful hey aren't you
13 this year there's like 18 thousand
win it yeah funny how some people not
first so much fun being everyone
what's your highlight babies and today
the end of our meetup thousand people
yeah behind like a little like portion
paper and the spirit you were like go
over there we went over they broke the
table is literally like a zombie
apocalypse so crazy how you guys doing I
am doing very well
how you know done what shutter is in
your face how you guys there you enjoy
make on this yes I bought 20 so many
people
weird pops out for some food it's quite
late in the evening to eat but I'm
feeling like very weak from not eating
Lucy where are we I'm great helper you
beat the kitchen a KFC became really
awesome here I want to get it back into
a church chicken beat some quite excited
about this I got a kids be there well we
had this delicious dinner then we
stopped by 7-eleven got some snacks for
some energy drinks now we're heading
back to the hotel I'm hoping we can find
some kind of room for a or after my by a
school bus 2:00 in the morning it's time
for some magic pencil is your name
Collins here Cullen just gonna tour with
them in the past okay let's see some of
your tricks
right here I'm just about to head to bed
but I thought I'd pop in and suggest
Ongina how you guys do where you go
jumping on the bed
this is the best way to go to bed yeah
guys the perfect way to get it developed
by I'll catch you guys tomorrow
no I'll have to sleep Jeff hopefully is
coming tomorrow I think he's gonna find
it out I mean going vertical they'll be
fun and like I said we can char bit more
with him and I've got assigning first
things I'm gonna get to me a lot of you
guys say I'm gonna be so excited oh it's
like three more days of this guy yes
peace out enjoy life like the adventure
