so we've just left our hotel room and
we're very hungry
gonna get some food we're bumping it's a
lot but it's definitely food time we
managed to make it to the cafe and we're
just selecting some yummy food right now
I don't know what to go for
I think it's some kind of chicken thing
did the chicken knowledge and some
healthy fruit and we found this really
nice children to escape into and this is
so good does it got a bit hectic out
there there's difficult to eat and I
dropped my food all over the floor we're
now heading out to the conference center
then sitting in on a panel about using
your audience positively with YouTube
and on the join them
a Louisville
I run a vlog channel daily vlog channel
fun for Louie and it's progressively
getting into more like yeah charity
focused stuff me and then went with Jeff
and fin on the rickshaw run last year we
did that whole thing to raise the money
for transit records but there's also
some messages and stuff big divots
people from all sorts of celebrities and
man figures later cups here and knowing
that I've got math all that people it
helps me in a while you know just watch
my content I think I definitely want to
be playing across the positive message
we are chilling back in the conference
center we're just coming up with a plan
plans probably going to involve a hot
tub maybe some petty building hot sauce
time again guys going in a bit earlier
today because I've been standing around
and this is a good for muscle relaxation
yeah so we were just filling in the hot
tub and Jen some of the words of my
videos from Georgia
she has brought us some snacks down to
the hot tub and I am so excited this is
amazing thank you so much suddenly a
snake appeared whoa look at this guy get
him
all day what doesn't seem very friendly
busy
wait chill out man boom boy wait wait
where the snake coming out of snake I've
been in about a fake baby bit freaked
out look alive chill in there and a
snake slithered like oh there and I just
want in - sure and Tessa how are you it
snakes yeah well that was a little bit
aggressive it wasn't little bit yeah
well maybe we bit too you there
yo'ii Steve
we have one of the cross the road we're
going from a Mexican I've met a bleeder
and Zak and we're gonna meet out there
for now from here and eat lots of food
get some food in our mouths food in your
mouth
I'm restraining myself are now I've got
the food in front of me there's none of
the tortilla wrap things Steve's always
finished his meal we didn't wait just
done it well that's a delicious Mexican
we are little bit late for this part you
know but it's kind of fashionably late I
just need to go and get our wristbands
and then it's party time
hey nobody's in there no one's in the
body we need to we need to change this
situation we know the party's just
arrived yeah
guys it's a very special moment
Alvie things except two million
subscribers but just on the check at the
moment it's difficult on our points yes
happy to live LLB how's it go see the
two milk
oi
Oh
I know I didn't go to choice I didn't go
to pass why I don't know
next time based on weight we're all
coming to Australia in like November
grace so are we gonna go and dance on
the dance floor soon
let's do that okay let's do that let's
go we're gonna go we haven't seen each
other since Australia but we're gonna
travel more this year we just decided
we're gonna go
like
hold on guys for the party's ended we
may check out an after-party we're just
gonna see what's going on no Louie we're
gonna live the adventure live look let
me tell you what Luigi is a dancing
machine on the bass oh you're actually
really nice Hey well the evenings died
down then a Steve have left after
getting security code so I wrote like
three times because Steve is so loud but
I still shield down now and we're gonna
get some sleep it's like 5:00 in the
morning again we we are terrible but all
the second it's tomorrow for another
awesome day at playlist
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
