good morning guys I am in London which
might not make a lot of sense to you
because I literally flew to Cape Town a
week ago but I just learned about the
London for three days to attend the
YouTube queries for change summit so I'm
not sure exactly how much I'm going to
be able to film but there's loads of
cool creators from all over all around
the world that come in and we're gonna
be listening to talks chatting together
networking and it's people that are just
creating cool content that's doing
positive stuff on the platform so yeah
I'm excited for today and yeah as usual
as usual I need to confine a coffee
first
today I did hear from some of the
leading social change activists in the
world some of the most inspiring figures
of our time and some of the most
creative individuals in the
entertainment industry all of whom are
using their platform and place to stand
up for what they believe it today is
also about recognizing natural ways that
you guys made about celebrating your
courage and about letting you know that
YouTube believes in what you're doing
and that YouTube we believe that the
world is a better place when we listen
share and build community through our
stories YouTube creators for change is a
critical part of this mission as Amani
said in a moment of competing headlines
and harmful misrepresentations of people
different than us this program is a
reminder that none of us are voiceless
our stories deserve to be told and
anyone has the power to hit record there
hasn't been a time in youtube history
when your voices were more necessary
because your voices are louder and more
powerful and that's why we're here today
to collectively put our weight on the
sides of the scale of empathy and
understanding and acceptance that's what
I didn't think that I was that type of
creator do I really create change right
I just fangirl about Beyonce and eat
chips really loud because I am not
consistent what's the price of be great
if the cost is to be savaged to ravage
billions in damage whatever then it's
gonna be more to it than just trying to
be the best what all the creators gather
together and unite for a purpose you
could potentially reach the whole world
and it's a little hard because in the
low part is if you see something that
breaks your heart you can actually do
something about it and in their army
side is it will come together were super
powerful and we're gonna be heroes
not only the influencers I am from
Damascus from the capital sir which
happens to be the oldest city in the
world I used to tell stories for a
living I was an English teacher and I
love my job
I felt like I was making a change I was
building a generation teaching them
incredible stuff about English social
studies and and was part of raising
situations in a city that well has had a
long time of tyranny and dictatorship
you guys for politics the Arab Spring
waived from Libya through Egypt to Syria
Iraq that was successful in Egypt it got
really antennas yeah I was successful
but I got really ugly in Syria
unfortunately and I watched footage of
kids who would rights
graffitis on their role of the world
their school but then they would beat
and torture than the fingers we've
blocked off so I did not agree without
and I I always say that you and you're
never born an activist you become one
when there's a problem so I said I'm
gonna do something about this I started
protesting with my fellow Syrian
civilians of us would we're down the
streets of Damascus and and protest and
I saw a camera and I think I could film
protests and I can expose what's
happening in my country so I can make a
change
well I got arrested and the men as they
arrested me literally that was the
minute thing they arrived and they got
to us there were 20 minutes of beating
Hannah meeting they broke both of my
arms I smashed my wrists broke my ribs
and electrocuted my leg so I got really
damaged I can't really run anymore and
then they could be imprisoned for two
weeks where I lost 15 kilos and all the
physical scars done emotional scars
which I still battled with until this
present day I couldn't feel safe in my
home country anymore and I could have
felt safe in my skin anymore
so I left I was pissed off by the amount
of ignorance on social media that people
had when they spoke about refugees
refugees and violence coming from
everywhere I read the tweets comparing
us to swarms cockroaches predators
rapists uncivilized I saw so much which
infuriated me and I hang on
second i am i have my privileges I speak
English I can photograph I can film
I didn't want to be just a number I
wanted to put the face on the crisis so
I packed 27 years of my life in a
rucksack I packed my PTSD my dreams in
my house and I went on a dinghy with
sixty other three Syrians from Turkey to
Greece I thirteen children 10 women and
pregnant woman university professors
there was a belly dancer and they were
engineered them me the teacher all of
Syria was on boats 20 minutes after the
boat started sailing it sank but thank
God I made that decision of filming it I
fixed up a GoPro on my leg I picked up
to power backs 5 memory sticks I know if
you go I'll show you that will crossing
it's safe to say that expectations of
Europe didn't align with reality we we
thought that we will be welcomed but we
weren't in the Calais jungle have you
heard of the jungle which is a makeshift
camp in calais northern France I was
there for 60 days hiding in lorries
jumping on trains and I would get
arrested every day I would jump over
five fences hide in a lorry get arrested
while I'm away back to the port and
they'll get sent back 60 days after
being in Calais I bring I buy myself a
fake Bulgarian passport and then I flew
British Airways from Brussels to London
I arrive after 87 days in Heathrow and
then my line up with other arrivals and
that was the moment where you just have
to say listen I'm a refugee I want to
clear myself and that was the very first
woman that I have to admit I'm a refugee
now that wasn't gonna claim it and for
me it was difficult to put to put 27
years of my life and just one word I'm a
refugee because I'm not I'm not just a
refugee I'm a brother and a son and a
teacher so all that footage I mean these
three white men from the BBC and they
are making a film wait let's see you so
I see them and then we work together and
we make a documentary series called
Exodus allogeneic syrup it was on BBC 2
the film did so incredibly well it was
aired all over the world it is really
really well actually I'll show you
another clip
since we've made this documentary over
10,000 people have died trying to seek
refuge in here their largest numbers
they're not just fact 60 sticks they are
husbands and wives and fathers and
mothers and children and they yeah this
goes to that it goes to the untold
stories see the worst and the best of
humanity I almost got killed and
assaulted confinement cell and then I'm
hearing wit's end doing really well for
myself now I have to say I wouldn't have
been treated this well without the
kindness of people like you like more
normal humans who have given me a spare
room to live in or people who spoke for
me or people who didn't speak for me but
people who've given me a platform to
speak because I haven't poisoned a
platform and what you guys do is that
you get platforms to people talk to do
that as well but I feel like we should
all be role models for the coming
generation
thank you very much
okay guys we have stopped for lunch it's
been a very inspiring but also
overwhelming morning like I had a I shed
a few tears it's like yeah just powerful
stories and it's amazing to think that
people that have been here this morning
what they've been through and the way
they've already impacted the world in
such big ways I guess here there's a lot
of hope you know often with some of
these hard stories and difficult
situations around the world we feel a
bit helpless but that's not how I feel
today this has been super empowering and
hopefully some of the snippets I'm able
to show in this blog
so give you guys hope next time I you
poor
I guess sharing your voice on a platform
like this and finding ways to highlight
important issues in the world and change
people's minds and situations and be
part of a movement for change in the
world so yeah we're already halfway
through the day I've met some cool
people
I'm hoping that this is a catalyst to
spark some amazing opportunities for me
to get more involved with other
movements and things happening around
the world in
must be no highlight of the day so far
who's like a refugee and filmed himself
in the book while his booth was sinking
oh my god
and it's always great to see Louise I
just wanna cap gentlemen and so much
respected appreciation but I gotta put
this in the video
yeah right on to the second half of the
day everyone's sitted and ready
so you are very well now sport you are
social activism leader your social media
my arm and are also being on the streets
protesting
so how has social media changed the
landscape of protesting both within our
perception of protesting and then within
the action of protesting there are so
many people the way they told the truth
the first time it was like online it was
a good digital space someone that I
think about protest is the idea of
telling the truth in public and that's
what we do with our bodies as we go
along that's powerful
Oh
the 2017 white supremacy is on the rise
the world is tense and racially divided
there are millions of people around the
world right now struggling with their
identity this is reality unfortunately
for 65 million people around the world
do we you and me here in these videos
really create change nothing in this
world would change and everybody's
sitting here working out their own
problems I try my best to change the
perception that people have of Muslims
they eat weekly be sieved just like
everyone else with just a bit area
- a new head
it's your job to be the change that you
wanna see in the world making impossible
for them to ignore you
and we'll get
he takes a great deal of courage to see
the world and always changing glory
and still love it
right it's the end of the day like I
said earlier lots to process it's been
super inspirational we're heading back
now I'm gonna try and grab a little nap
and then we're heading out for dinner
for a party
how was your day was it good Dave good
thing this guy hilarious guys hilarious
really like yeah Lauren tender host
ready Michelle when man comes in and
just I was crying with laughter crying
everyone feels connected inspired
content amazing so put together and just
have a lobster
see that it's been a very fun night just
hanging out with everyone today
basically I've just been socializing all
day which means I've been terrible at
vlogging as usual and these events are
difficult to vlog but hopefully from the
little snippets you've seen and the
conversations are concluded yeah you get
a taster it's left me feeling like just
really hopeful for YouTube you know I
think there's so many things that have
happened this year which were recently
on YouTube which sometimes makes you
feel like ah the platform is just you
know it's just become like a bad and
toxic place but I feel like seeing
YouTube putting so much support behind
people from countries all around the
world that are wanting to do amazing
things and and stand up for equality and
women's rights and you know believing
that we need to have equality across you
know all all walks of walks of life and
and wherever in the world with from
whatever religion and whatever color you
know it's just very yeah it's just very
good to see and make it gives me hope
again you know anyway before I sign out
I have another thing to tell you about
so a friend of mine Mario has been doing
an incredible adventure for the last two
years he's been walking across Africa
and I met him in Nairobi last year
beginning of last year and he was yeah
walking from Cape Town all the way to
Cairo now today he has finally finished
his his trip and I want to show you just
a little clip he posted as an
interesting story to yourself
Crossing Africa from q-town to Cairo
just took me two years a few months and
I'm feeling so anyway I just want to
give him a big shower out and check his
stuff out follow him and yeah hopefully
you can be inspired by what he's done as
well because that is such a feat such an
achievement so yeah well done mate and
yeah you're inspiring me to live more
adventurously as well and hopefully we
get to cross paths again and yeah have
an adventure together anyway I will
catch you guys in the morning
um for yeah I think some more
inspiration peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
