today is episode one of the world flight
vlogs if you don't know me
my friend JP our circumnavigating the
world over the next three months we're
going to be leaving later in the week
but I want it to start now just to show
you the build up after prepping getting
the plane ready talking through the gear
planning the route properly we've
already done quite a lot of planning but
I think for the next three or four days
we're just going to be focused solely on
the trip and what's happening doing some
test flights loads of cool things I flew
into LA last night and I've just driven
my beautiful camper van up from LA to
Simi Valley where I'm staying I'm gonna
be staying tonight in this lovely house
that we just arrived at and yeah let's
go in and see JP I just need to grab all
my stuff so I think I'm staying in here
tonight oh here he is the main man how
was the flight yesterday bro 14 hours
yes 14 hours flying when I don't have
any sort of blood last night back I was
tracking JP on this website where you
can because they had Wi-Fi on my flight
from London to LAX and I could see JP
like traveling across the country at the
same time in the little plane but that
we're going to do a lot of them down the
slope here and it's made me a lot less
excited for it it's so brutal it really
is very hard work yeah that was there's
not going to be many days without money
flying I guess the nice thing is it was
yesterday and I'm already kind of I
can't want to go flying again yes and a
blessing so so hopefully we're going to
go up tonight we're thinking go up for a
little some steps lie and get some cool
photos maybe go to dinner in Catalina
the plan is over the next three months
we're going to try and invite friends
and get
and other youtubes and stuff to join the
little legs of the flight and later on
I've got this world map that we're going
to lay out and we're going to like draw
out where the rough route is potential
people that could join at certain stages
I know some of you that helped us with a
Kickstarter are going to be joining us
and yeah hopefully we can yeah think of
a bit more out tonight obviously like I
said there has been a lot of planning up
to this point but I just want to make
make the start of the trip now so we can
like talk you through everything that's
happening hey Lindsey guys we're going
to lay out all the stuff that we
currently have and then JP is going to
tell me what we can't bring because of
the way I thought feeling a few of the
things that we might have to have a
discussion about is we're going to fight
yeah okay that was a slightly easier
process and I thought with pretty much
an agreement there's a few things here
this is our definite no pile not taking
the UE boom boom old-fashioned leonesse
not taking my Stoney no he's cancelling
headphones and this slider JP got extra
weights not needed I just mounted at age
7 s with this suction mount just on the
door here just to test it out and we're
going to be taking this up on the flight
at the cool angle for inside the cockpit
this is a 12 mil 12 to 24 brand-new Sony
lens
that's 1224 the plan now is we are going
to van eyes Van Nuys Airport and going
up for a little stunt it's like
basically for 30 minutes of every flight
I need to be in myself like I need to be
completely quit checking everything
through etc the lab beyond of doing is
living with cameras yeah we write like a
set like a checklist I do Everest
it's just all private debt it's amazing
guys there she is the hatchet
here is our flame I haven't seen the
plane since we bought it in what what
state will we where do we buy this from
again
Oklahoma and that was that was awhile
ago that was over a month ago right
it might be like six weeks ago if he's
playing China now
and 14 hours of flying in support of oil
such as good as we cut yet we still
haven't got a name to the plane please
let us know below what you think we
should call that we need a name ASAP
next couple of days we need to get an
official named JP suggesting Balu from
The Jungle Book that's I mean we may
roll with that but if there are any
other suggestions we'll take those into
account if we don't see any better ones
we call it Balu
I like Balu but yeah that's nice
I currently have a few spots to go
through one since we're not there then
which wing is that this side and then a
mount over here yeah check here oh wow
this has been actually built in yeah
okay but we just connected the phone to
this GoPro on the wing we've got that
ready to control
okay guys are doing a little record test
to bring the GoPro and the a sub NS this
is ideal testing for low-light because
the sun's already set is quite quite
dark I'm feeling like the 80s will be
good it's a lot bulkier I don't know if
you can see the GoPro shot down here but
it's it's not the same amount I think
with some shock use the ideal fish you
know there we go they would go around
the wing as well
probably one three point six five a nice
blue for the clients awesome
and I have relationships if there's even
one operation when one to throw its
ability one to is Geisler five one time
open lieutenant Reed has eyelids also
hey but I was heart is warm innit where
is this going
now they go over the siesta market
private landed safely
although JPS learning explained a lot
this is actually only my second flight
and it was feeling good
very comfortable a little bit warm but I
can't handle that yeah I'm so excited I
can't believe we're gonna fly this all
the way around the world and when I say
we I mean JP I'm going to be a passenger
all the way around well maybe a few
little maybe we'll get behind the
controls a couple of times but I'm
excited
you're excited first Lindsay yeah who
could be so good you're gonna be on it
right I like that's me yeah these are
the full craftsmen so that's defined
there's like one little bounce but it
was like it wasn't it bounced I put it
out real good yeah because it's all
craftsman to your class correct so you
put it down on one wheel so we're going
to head back to the house now hopefully
grab some dinner maybe jump in the hot
tub and also stop doing some planning
for the brew and who would bring him
with us then you know you know start
sketching things out on that world map
it's hot tub time it's very important to
stay hydrated in the hot tub zone of
this wall because JP come from Canada
and I've come from the UK with a little
bit jet-lagged so we've decided that I
think we're going to leave the planning
with the maps and stuff until tomorrow
morning and then we will be fully alert
with it and full of ideas right now we
display from the just chill well we've
had a nice few hours in the hot tub I
feel very relaxed ready for a week of
prep for our trip and like I said
tomorrow we're going to be starting to
feel this map out throughout the route
and and I've got some stickers and
here's what we're going to make it look
really pretty and also guys none of you
saw this the other day this is my pocket
printer a little portable printer and
I'm going to print out some photos of
the people that are going to be joining
us for different legs and then we can
just stick them on the map as well to
kind of indicate and yeah who's coming
and when they're going to join yes you
have to wait till tomorrow to find out
our rough through and itinerary when
we'll be places and also who will be
joining
and also guys what we'd love to do over
the three months as we're arriving
different locations is basically put an
invite and up to you guys to yes to help
us make this documentary to collaborate
with us and with love to find places
that we could come and crash like stay
over for a few nights and maybe yeah
hopefully stay with some of you guys you
can show us around show us your local
area
help us find interesting stories to
share and the whole curve vision if you
haven't seen anything so far about the
movie the documentary we're going to be
making is we want to celebrate global
diversity and yeah find amazing stories
from around the world that we can yeah
yes put together in this feature-length
documentary and yeah I just think it's
going to be the biggest adventure not
only for me and JP and the fun and
adventure of flying but also just
meeting amazing people meeting you guys
and hopefully also collaborating some
other filmmakers to help us make this
and yeah having our eyes opened to just
yeah a lot of things that we haven't
seen in the world a lot of the mode in a
way like we're trying to plan it but
also aware that this is going unfold and
there's going to be lots of continuity
but yeah hopefully just getting to meet
incredible people and share their
stories
that bastard planned that's the idea and
yeah if you're interested and want to
help out the email below beyond borders
at Libya venture club yeah let us know
where you are and cool stories and
people that we can meet in your area any
way we can place them all tomorrow I'll
catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life
a little adventure
