afternoon everyone
we we had a very lazy morning chillin
we've all slept well we've now got
laptop club going on we've been catching
up on some editing sound still asleep
come out and and we're now gonna get
some lunch before did you have a nice
shower okay actually having proper sleep
for the first time in a few days and
we're gonna go grab some lunch before
heading over to the playlist hotel but
no he's over there I think a bunch of
people have already arrived so let's eat
well you made for us Kevin make some
fried rice Kevin style this is
incredible and it's an incredible day as
well yes Florida
because we're lumps they're excited hey
I'm so happy
sounds funny woken up late you barely
slept at all today
I left Kevin's and we're heading to
playlist
we've got says we're gonna be 40 minutes
about 40 minutes away series trying to
edit his blog with a son keeps on
shining in so he's having to shield the
sunlight good job man
okay I understand but I was like over
here and as you can see I was over here
and I just my life is over
today we've decided on a team name for
our group is the freedom family I think
it's where represented with these
America vests freedom where we're
heading into the we're heading we're
heading into the main entrance now so we
can find some friends me Nick need a
coffee but it is a beautiful evening
it's just lovely
look at these turkeys we got into the
lobby of the hotel we met like the cool
people hey we just bumped into Harley
how are you and the epicMealTime guys
here in today
how's your journey over here it was cool
it's not the whole time did you come
straight from Ontario no I came from Los
Angeles Oh same here show same here
so we're meeting more people we've got
Harrison over here hey man that was
reply he got in yesterday he's trying to
lick the camera we've got Sam I think
we're gonna be doing some penny boarding
later appears no one else for their
variables oh you only time sorry
you're gonna Harrison was writing the
writing in Florida there's thousands of
lizards yeah yeah sure dodging lizards
one is it just committed suicide it ran
straight from the will and ran over
Harris to run over its head it just
there's a lesson don't run over lizards
we got an Andy over here
hey man huh yeah yeah we're gonna have
some we're gonna have some parties in
next couple of days yeah lots of people
were meeting hello this is getting kind
of crazy now I think the party's already
story yeah
look who it is it's Alexa we haven't
seen each other in a month and we were
supposed to each other in Australia and
it didn't work out yeah yeah she's
living in England I haven't been there
since November
I've just been filling in other places
but it's been a long awaited reunion
this is Victoria she's she's putting us
up tonight and maybe some other nights
she said there's some room on the floor
we can all crash turn and this is like
it's like one big youtuber family here
at playlist and everyone so awesome and
so friendly who's this who's this who's
this who's this hopefully how was your
flight over
it was so turbulent see Loyola next
level so the pilots like oh yeah just
for the next few hours not gonna turn
seatbelt sign off because we're just
gonna be flying over the Bermuda I'm
walking out some turbulence I'm like we
moved a triangle number one no thank you
thing below zero yeah number two didn't
tell you but start up for five hours
so you just wet your pants yeah I don't
know you can see guys but I'm with that
Sierra we just met and she's giving me a
ride with their car on my penny boards
I'm getting a bit of speed up here this
is fun look who's here we've got a whole
bunch from UK guys on another American
this is this is going to get pretty
crazy looking weird bumps into he's just
randomly okay wasn't that random do you
what are you doing really good
yeah we are Marcus I'm an animal animal
we found the hot tub no hesitation get
straightened
well we just sat in the hot tub like an
hour and a half and it was amazing just
what I wanted
so so beautiful we now can he
head up to the rooms get changing stuff
and thing we're gonna head out for some
food gonna try find a Walmart I'm pretty
hungry night bar buddy
yeah go oh yes a sexy I can't ask you
see you later you're coming with me us
in a row Melissa fine right I'm just
swinging past pickup Elfie Zoey's
already sorted out her food situation
here she's got a delicious looking Peter
I'm actually really jealous oh dear but
we're gonna go and place the food yeah I
think you can get better though oh well
you just have a little look out for you
oh yeah there's a good let me have a
little bit gonna welcome to the freedom
family welcome to
see it's just going crazy throwing
chocolate all over the floor these guys
I've got my chocolate what have you got
there outfit this is trickery this is
not an avocado
this is American psychology right we are
done with our shopping we've all jumped
back in the van and we are gonna eat
some pizza wings I don't really know
what pizza wings are but it's already an
American thing I don't know we have
pizza we have food we are ready for a
pizza party here we have finished pizza
party we're now on to laptop Club we've
got quite a little editing dance nights
like three in the morning and we're
gonna all try and sleep in here somehow
I don't know quite how that's gonna work
but I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
