hi everyone I'm Emily I was born in
Shanghai China and I live in New York
City now and you're watching fun for
Louie
good morning is 7:30 and I haven't slept
yet and I'm very tired I think it's
pretty tight let's get some sleep but
before I do I am refueling as you saw
yesterday and some of you may know how
clever exists there's a little latch on
there that latches the pump on you don't
you don't get these in England I don't
know why makes way more sense
lots of petrol please no rest for their
toys no space down there
we have stopped about an hour out of New
Orleans and Hayden's been doing a good
driving shift and I've been sleeping
we've just been awesome I think I'm
gonna lay back to sleep for the final
bit but I've managed to get ahold of a
friend which I haven't seen in like four
or five years from the UK but she's
American she's living in New Orleans and
she's gonna take us out for some lunch
in the French Quarter and yeah I'm
looking forward to it I Love New Orleans
we've got new sharks getting blisters
because I bring the same socks for a
week because those are lovely socks
those huh yeah
so we're here we're in your lane and
heading down to get some late break my
friends Tracy this is insider knowledge
thank you that's amazing
I don't even know what that is but
that's amazing what have you got that
said be honest I'm not entirely sure
what's in there I think there's just
various meats and then I got potato
that's incredible whatever you got Tracy
I like this recommendation a place to
come to this is amazing and it makes
really gone all out
it's the trace is heading off after a
nice little catch-up she's go go back to
work but we're gonna try and come back
through here on our trip back to LA and
maybe help like a jazz night go ahead
jazz my up in New Orleans we just think
it doesn't do anything like drift
America it feels like we're in the
Caribbean on the thing like just the
architecture and thereby yeah like we're
in another country I love it
Thanks taking a break from driving you
did a good chef okay she did well she do
well and I'm gonna get some more sleep
so I think I got that four hours last
night and be good to get some more I'm
going back to my sneaky little slow
all right then I said on that Oh took my
blanket
oh it stopped off mmm dreaming about
something a Caramba weird saying crazy
guys I think I'm gonna eat one of these
dirty wieners that's rolling around on
this thing don't know how long has been
there but it looks so good
this is going to tide me over until we
get to Cracker Barrel that's a plan hour
and a half first experience at Cracker
Barrel they've been going on about it
for days
in the meantime just a little window
also guys also remember you need to be
nice to my friends okay a few of you are
being mean and you know people notice if
you're leaving mean or nice comments I'm
not used to having mean comments on my
channel
it's a placement positivity and
particularly seer and Sam people have
been mean to you for no particular
reason I'm going to show you how to be
nice okay in you've followed my example
fear loves chocolate milk is one of his
favorite things you know it I just
bought him another chocolate milk to
show him how much he loved it
let's go and give it to him see I've got
something for you milk yeah Louie you
know I can't you can't very he's on that
he's on a new strict no I'm like on a
sugarless diet yeah but I think this can
be an exception this is a very nice gift
from you oh thank you thank you didn't I
go into yeah man let's Cheers yeah this
is it Cheers
kiss bro thank you a road trip road trip
yes yes
yes yes how good is it here doing
that's all you know I actually poison
this chocolate milk um that I like him
right we've arrived at Cracker Barrel
I've got a bad feeling that's closed
oh dear
oh hey you guys you guys still open
you guys still open close bad news
everyone
what crack bounce plays we drive for
hours all right hours okay where are we
going instead of Cracker Barrel all
right hey do things Blue Bell ice cream
is the best in the world
incorrect niya who works is she she
agrees with me it's not the best ice
cream yeah it's among the best generic
what do you guys think okay and Sam
wanted some privacy though romantic a
romantic time together oh that's a cute
something's been blossoming between them
over the last couple days we've got a
cozy little table got our healthy food
from Denny's thank for you go there man
this is the chicken with various
vegetables and and taters accidentally
hooked me up with dude laughs yeah it's
like Mexican mrs. Reagan cool
well we have finished our meal at
Denny's and we're brushing our teeth and
we're getting ready a few of us are
gonna go to sleep again and we are
heading to Orlando we'll be there a few
hours hopefully maybe like three or four
we're going to be staying with my friend
Kevin we were going to be questioned on
this floor whilst we figure out our
accommodation plans over playlists and
the next of the days before playlist
it's been a it's been a beautiful day
it's been a journey together with had
fun we're bonding as friends and this is
just lovely and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
