hi my name is Mary and I'm an ement in
Alberta Canada this is the longest day
of the year and you're watching fun for
Louie
enjoy well I got two hours sleep and now
I'm heading out to have some fun with
Dave and Andy I don't know what we're
doing yet we're gonna get some lunch and
then go for a bit of an adventure
yes brah
we've arrived their hearts boatyards
whoever came the other day actually
we're gonna sit on the roof us enjoy the
Sun and easie right and he's just
inquiring about renting a boat which
could be the perfect afternoon activity
this guy here then we need to get on
this guy here finished lunch it's time
to go out on a little boat right who's
the captain a very safety-conscious guys
and I'm wearing it's a kind of peculiar
lifejacket but just about fits like matt
says safety first last time I was here
and my brother a couple of years ago we
had a tiny little rescue thingy a little
pink one two blogs and a pink thing in
trying to talk here they wouldn't let us
all these was packed
hundreds of people up here and then the
engine cut out and I was paddling in the
water trying to get us to turn around
and he started revving the motor snapped
me straight nearly popped me into the
water and the whole place lit up
laughing hopefully we'll go a little bit
better this is brilliant
how you wear it
keep it on all holidays yeah like
steering techniques go through this way
yeah yeah Dave Dave wait really will
make that will make that where does that
go
we all wanted to sit on the front so and
these actually managed to reach the
steering wheel from from there I say get
back in
this afternoon could have not panned out
any better
this is honestly bliss this is insane I
think on this little boat ride for me
and Andy have decided we should probably
invest in a small boat like this they're
not even that expensive I often forget
how beautiful where we live is just this
is literally right down the road from
where we live look at it hello miss this
one yeah the nice boat trip guys I
didn't show you this but I've taken the
dressings off my my wounds I'm letting
them air out a nurse he suggested I let
them air out to say a heal up but I've
been keeping it covered from the Sun the
thing they get burned
is that how you meant to park yeah I
didn't even embarrass myself coming in
so we decided to go for a little cruise
around Richmond Park just open it for a
little drink looking out over the river
the glorious evening as we've been
sitting here having a drink and chatting
with being all sailing on eBay and we've
found a boat for a thousand pounds which
if we get it's only 300 pound each it's
just down the road right we sit back at
Hart's boat yards and we're trying to
get through to this guy in the EBA now I
left to go and we just thought why not
just bid on the boat so we're currently
the highest bidder for a thousand pounds
on a 16-foot boat it's pretty cool I'm
wondering whether that cat comes with
the boat until that bye oh that's great
we've driven back to my parents and
we're just waiting for this auction and
we have been outbid well we're gonna bid
it 20 seconds what's going on Lou so the
current bid it always pick up current
bid oh but it happened 17 16 15 we need
a knife for three boom you got it I
think you probably got it
boy
eBay item one 16-foot boat sorry about
that
alright these boys are off still out
lads well I was surprising still awake
actually but it's about time I got some
sleep it's been an amazing day and I'm
glad you guys got to meet Andy a little
bit more he actually he's been my best
friend kind of growing up and I've
referred to him so many times like in my
draw my life video you saw him when he
was much younger and my like first ever
road trip video in the u.s. road trip
video he's there he's been a major a
major influence and I wouldn't be Who I
am today without him in my life and so
yeah it's it's funny that you guys just
barely even know him but he means so
much to me err so it's cool hanging out
with him and Dave today and you know
getting a boat together that's gonna be
so fun right I am yeah
can I get some sleep I think plan is not
tomorrow but Monday morning I'm gonna be
flying to LA I'm just about to book
tickets and so it means I can rest a bit
tomorrow maybe we can go and pay the
boat up and yeah I'm excited for the
next couple of weeks right
it's my peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
