hi guys my name is Pike Stephen and I
make videos here on YouTube and it would
be great if you guys could look at my
channel subscribe like and all that kind
of stuff
you're watching fun fully enjoy good
morning we just got up and we are
getting our stuff together actually a
lovely sleep on the floor Christmas
Department and it still worked out well
especially for Kate she's got the cipher
and and now I think we're gonna hit down
maybe still do you think we've got time
to grab some breakfast together before
you go yeah late breakfast because yeah
oh thanks again for letting us stay
perhaps and like I said yesterday guys
go and take our Christmas channel or
link it below they're about to go on a
world trip lots of adventures beautiful
oh
so we've just collected serve and
Garrett and he slept in the bus and
partied hard they party harder than we
did they actually found summer - do you
guys have a good night
right we are heading out and we're
saying goodbye and we're heading onto
the road we've just picked up Hayden
like I said yesterday kind of twisted
his arm ins coming to playlist with us
and he's going for her first drive in
the smash wagon
so I've just stopped off to see my
friend Sims we haven't seen each other
in like four years probably like we met
in London and she was performing
yesterday but unfortunately I missed the
show and stuff but we're gonna stay in
touch I'm gonna check her out when I get
back to London and I'm just going to
introduce everyone
Syd later have a good flight back let's
roll case of a nutter driving that's
easier take us take us away what is
going on over here guys it's like 15
ambulances oh I really hope no one's
died that is pretty messed up
they look safe shooting neck brace it
looks like level right Wow so drive
safely
yeah guys drive safe don't crash
so good to be honest it's definitely
time for the break
we're switching drivers again we just
stopped for a little cheeky McDonald's
wait Nick show us this
so Nick's persuading Cyr to go on its
anti bread diet so your article protein
star which normally means a bigger rap
like pull on in lettuce which you can
have it in and out the back door knobs
gave us this sorry side
so he had a few hours driving on the
road and we're now right the case family
home to an amazing home-cooked meal
which I'm very excited about that looks
delicious
you happy to be home Garrett yeah but
what's wrong with sleeping in a van for
three days straight many many things
right oh these as well I just I've never
heard of these before chicken fries
chicken fries what welcome to
immaculately welcome to Texas we have
got some apple crumble going on are you
excited about the whole Apple carburetor
it's been a long day I need a smoke oh
yeah
buffalo meat from Africa Buffalo what oh
look it's me in the mirror hey guys this
is incredible footage time sounds very
sleepy but he pushed through just so he
could tie something wrong we have
serious laptop Club going on here he's
got he's the odd one out they let yeah
it's unfortunate because I have a PC but
at least I enjoy and I appreciate the
fact that I do that a lot
I'm being attacked by a dog she she
literally looked me over this is a
fluffy look hey Riley
hey sit sit
yeah very good
oh look how cute cat licks in her
pajamas well the night's drawing to a
close a guy little areas for sleeping
they've basically taken over the whole
living area and it's gonna it's a really
chilled night we've just been having a
well-needed
relax after the intensity on the right
tomorrow I think we're gonna be chilling
most of the day in sit around this area
as well before we drive all the way to
Orlando for playlist yeah
one last thing guys I'd love it for you
guys to go and check out my friend slack
of the beach art I use a lot of his
music and my vlogs and I was with him in
Toronto last year he's released a new
album some of the songs have been using
in my vlogs and yeah go check it out
I'll link that in description and see
you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life a little bit better
