hi I'm Valerie I'm from Berlin Germany
and you're watching fun Philly we enjoy
good morning guys I am really tired this
morning but I've woken up I've got up
and we're heading down to this place in
Lewes which is like this creative arty
commune place and we're gonna go try and
chat to someone about advice on living
on the plane is that how cool is this
morning Mimi this is amazing
have a little look around
chatzi few people this is an amazing
little arty community I never knew this
place long has existed but the guy that
we were to look there's a nice
unexpected trip down to Lewis last night
I think life is all about spontaneous
definitely if what gives me kind of
energy for life this last in it there's
random things but I just stopped it
Sainsbury's and they grab some lunch
from in Steve headin over to see him all
right I've got some chicken escalopes
some cheese lettuce drinks cookies and
Steve awesome to have some rustic bread
I don't know what Rough Riders it's
lunchtime
check out this sandwich Steve made me
what's in the sandwich there's a chicken
a scallop mayonnaise cheese ketchup or
lettuce get healthy stuff get inside me
get inside me
some of you were asking the other day
whose house this is
well Steve is house-sitting at the
moment and dogs hissing Bay's hit man
what's up sighs we got so I think I've
been sitting inside all day guys ah it's
nice outside wait this I think I've just
spied a little treehouse in the garden
okay I have not seen this before
it's about me and Steve you're taking
the dogs for a walk
Coco's got a lot of energy do Avantika
okay we're now heading back to Steve's
house we've both got to do some
uploading to YouTube and it's really
slow in Spain
right change of plan I got back lovely
and I'm gonna go rescue my dad who's
stranded at school how you doing dad
yeah you have a good day for an
exhibition in a few days time think you
offered to say yeah how old the exams
and stuff man
exams man well a QA exam board wrote
back said all he assessment was on the
wall so that's relief say no more visits
I think that's it oh the joys of being a
teacher right I dropped my dad back I
think I'm gonna head back to Steve's and
then it's dinner with him I'm missing
out on pizzas though I'm a little bit
jealous
I'm going to try and be creative can you
maybe save me a little bit that's quite
a cool idea actually using a margarita
as a base and then putting the
ingredients in sauce and I'm leaving my
dad watching a football he's playing me
and Steve were feeling a bit lazy so we
ought to take out we got Thai food and
I'm so excited
I love Thai food you both got fruit and
tie curry why is it any other type of
rice I think you are sister one when
Steve are heading over to Ben's quickly
so you have a little debrief chat about
a cool video we're filming tomorrow
then bought an awesome camera today and
we're shooting an epic epic video around
London which is starting very early in
the morning which I'm not looking
forward to right we've arrived men's I
want to show you guys something we have
a pretty local PC or new baby was it
cool to be named it yeah Gary
the code oh you like Gary is it this is
a Gary right before I head home me and
Steve have not been petty building
together for a long time so we're going
to quickly have a little skate in their
services carpark
I have farmers that's a circuit thank
you we don't do that often I I know we
haven't done that in a long long time
back up
she let bray say that make this in the
morning early start bright and stuff
crews about to get to sleep tomorrow is
gonna be a great great day
basically Ben's filming a visual vibes
and we're doing in collaboration with
Starbucks they're going to provide us
some refreshments and he's got his
awesome camera we're taking the penny
boards are gonna take some games and
just fun stuff to do me a bunch of
people up there it's going to be it's
going to be really fun and the weather
is due to be perfect all right we've
been checking the forecast
so exciting guys fun project it's nice
doing these these kind of bigger video
projects now and again as well as
filming like day to day it's going to be
let me get all right I'm about to get
home and get some sleep
I'll catch you guys tomorrow peace out
enjoy life
