good morning guys we're in Quebec City
we flew in late last night
it's the second country on our
round-the-world flight and we are about
to head off to a very northern part of
Canada and then hopefully tomorrow we'll
be flying into Greenland so we're just
just packing up the plane and we're with
Matt he's gonna be joining for the next
couple of weeks
and I think we're almost ready to leave
oh yeah guys I'm in the back by the way
yesterday leave these two experts to
their to their jobs quick coming on
November 2 1 0 here uniform 1003
thousand three four zero remember q-10
uniform terminal D or identified on to
seven thousand seven thousand Syrian
every month thereafter uniform
my favorite time to go flying is on it
200 overcast and quarter-mile visibility
and then you call it the other thing
yeah but it's so much fun because you
just you can't see anything you're just
in the cloud and all of a sudden there's
like runway lights and you still can't
even see the runway and then all the
sudden you can see the runway and then
you
remember - 1 0 - PO - a miracle uniform
attire Roger number 1 this must be one
of the vice people played come into lab
hey yeah yeah for sure we have just
landed for fuel now we need to fill up
the ferry tank as well these wives are
just standing in my face the entire day
how you feeling for the next flight JP
alright we're about to get the suits on
mats already yeah this is the first very
very serious flight on this trip because
we first of all we're flying over just
crazy terrain and then we got a pretty
solid I wouldn't say an ocean crossing
but a water crossing into waters that
are just completely unforgiving because
the next flight we are crossing a large
expanse of water we are getting the
safety gear in the front but also
getting our dry immersion suits on so
we're gonna be sitting in the seats with
these wraps around us which I guessing
it's gonna get pretty warm in there I
don't know if you saw when we were
preparing for the whale trip last week
we went and tried them on and I as if it
were they up to here I don't know if I'm
gonna fly that ship to a vector here but
um it's very important in case we have
to land in the water and then escape
these are mine and JP's I feel like your
looks a bit cooler than ours yeah
much better but I think that you'll have
a harder time in the water I don't think
you love but how does it stop your feet
getting wet socks okay guys we are
mounting the GoPro fusion on the wing
here this is gonna be the first 360
video film awareness so GoPro I'm very
sorry of it it drops in the sea or
something
yeah we're not just sticking it on with
a sticky mount we're screwing it on to a
bolted plate don't worry
how're you feeling JP
my problem is I've never gettin that
heard on bleeding
guys I can't believe I just did that we
are in we have lots of cameras rolling
right now we have three go praise and
the GoPro fusion and we've got a few
cameras there and iPhones and yeah we're
capturing every moment clean you worry
alright so we're here suited up mats all
suited up
Louise all suited up that I have we're
about applied to it Collette I think
it's a calorie they calo it
everybody else r-roger now we're flying
here we go yeah yeah something going up
every to golf helicopter working on the
infield will remain west of rotary six
at all time we've got every kind of
tracking device you just think of we've
got this little iridium go for weather
and SATCOM tracking and then we've got a
spider track for tracking and then we've
got a couple in reaches for tracking and
messaging it's really awesome to used up
here like it's beautiful
we got forest trees and mountains it's
awesome looking clouds a little bit of
light rain oh that's all those vitamins
yeah we all are
two-one-zero virus radar services on all
terminated which entered one two six two
small seven and eight keep out of each
other with you can come back one three
four five five
so I slept for two hours and we've still
got over two hours till we get to our
destination probably 20 minutes til the
Sun sets and we're just looking down on
the most incredible like tundra it's
just like the most remote part of Canada
with Stephen what the potential like
property or dwelling a little building
on the side of a lake but other than
that no roads no signs of life out here
well human life right guys I am checking
off fuel level in the fuel tank so I
have to just unscrew the cap it might be
like a couple of liters at the bottom
that I can you need to give me an
indication for yeah oh yeah so we'll
stop with the ferry tank man
okay that is it's been holding as long
as possible but he destroys an hour and
forty minutes
I'm thinking it's best just to get this
over with now before it gets dark before
we're in the middle of Game of Thrones
so I'm gonna figure out how to open this
bag I don't know having to do this
that's so hard it's way easier in the
Bonanza maybe just turn around loosen
your belt take the belt off completely
and then I'll just have to turn Iraq
this will be like a photo how can you be
in this situation I would not be a baby
BJP are having to over our eyes like oh
the rally's like essentially paying into
his seat right now I hope my my suit is
out of the way the you it is my thing
you don't get States right is it weird
that we're like talking to you take a
little while okay sure we isolate you no
no that's okay I will keep you come for
the other of the radio our super figure
out how to hold the bottle hold the
zippers open the bottle zag just take
your time because what you don't want to
do is get splash back everyone right I
will throw you out of this plane right
now cuz that zippers it open
I hope the feeders it's about these
drugs like it's coming out keep us
updated as it goes I don't know I'm
gonna go for it I think it's in the bag
I don't know how I'm gonna know when
this bag is full though I don't know
this is working
I think the bags leaking all right don't
look but think the back of leaking yeah
no where's the where's the other stuff
because there was toilet paper in there
which you can use yeah are you kidding
are you girl I'm sure y'all we're gonna
want this question back there's a hole
in the back there's a hole in the bag I
would it be a hole in it and this thing
was specifically designed to pant it
looks like the edge of the bag is just
torn a little bit little ran down onto
the cushion I'm gonna see it
okay that's your question now I'm just
gonna dehydrate myself for the next leg
I don't want to do this again way too
hard that was a little more excitement
than I was hoping for
all right just pick right go pros go
back up at the back it was on okay well
that was an interesting experience now
when I desire to have any time soon
again
5,400 few twenty-five thousand few
temperature eight 2.3 I've never been
anywhere like this neither I beat the
ice lifter that kind of did it's all
girls all like Scotland but this feels
like oh that is chilly my feet is still
freezing
see that blue I'm gonna be back in the
morning this is a kind of strange
airport like we just popped down in the
middle of live I don't know like just
the biggest space there's no other
planes around at all but apparently this
is where we sister
okay so we're gonna head in it's very
cold
I would love some gloves right now I put
my light winter headband on this means I
can at least keep my ears warm and I've
got my jacket out but this is the extent
of my warm weather clothing
it's not
not gonna cut it this is so bizarre guys
there's literally no one at this airport
we were speaking to some people in the
radio moving parts but other than that I
it's like it's closed
oh my gosh look yeah guys take me there
okay Wow
guys what the northern lights are out
just as we arrived yeah I think we need
to head back to the plane anyway to
problems like up there hello
I'm never getting out of here
I think she said something about a card
but I have no idea how we we figured a
way out the airport yeah just to get
down
well that's where the guy in the plane
this ain't their radio okay it looks
like jp's found a way out
we've been probably waiting here for
like 45 minutes trying to figure out and
get the airport we are freezing and we
also don't know where we're staying
tonight yeah I'm supposed to get an
email or some kind of confirmation that
I'm trying to call people now it's a bit
difficult we've had some level of
success
taxis arrive which is a good start at
least we're getting out the cold and now
we just need to hope that something for
us to stay
this place is so interesting like
already we've met people from all over
the world like it seems I can't wrap my
head around it like obviously the native
inuit people are here then we met like
Libyan taxi driver there's an Indian
girl working behind the desk here and
apparently there's a lot of money to be
earned here because I guess it's so
remote so again I don't know I guess
people are spending money to be here I
still don't really know why people are
living out in Canada this remote lever
I'm gonna get to the bottom of it
hopefully before we have to leave
tomorrow I wish we could stick around
longer and and yeah chat to me some
people but maybe we all get a better
chance see tomorrow morning but who
knows Matt is having to watch the piss
from his dry emergency
right and we're again early in the
morning hoping to fly to Greenland if
the if the weather is good if not we may
be able to rest tomorrow and just chill
here either way I'll see in the morning
peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
