it's another beautiful day and I'm down
and each shot
I'm gonna go over zero to get some
coffee and Steve hey Steve yeah yeah
really well good it's we've said this so
many times but it is this this time yet
accessible doubt blundered it would have
been in England I don't even want a
traveller what you got there bro
breakfast burrito one of my favorite
skaters here as you're all right we've
docked out from having a coffee oh hello
Oh
every time a why I like you I love your
outfit
how's this I've arrived
I know what I'm just allowed to tell you
guys is we just met James and Lydia and
they've got a tandem I mean Steve we're
gonna have a little go on a tandem
what's that bro please you've gotta be
coordinated yeah I'm not sure about that
corner man you got the brakes yeah
go go go Oh nuts is absolute nutters
Sylhet steve-o good night Steve's going
to the zoo tonight for London Zoo ladies
I'm really jealous I think we're going
to go next week
underground
before I had to leave Steven rush off
I've got to fish the bank before it
closes
still got sorts of stuff over there I've
just been chilling on my parents for a
little bit and now Dave's come to pick
me up and we're shooting on to London
hang out with our friend Andy and we
were just saying how glorious the
weather is today
no yes good so good before you bit up
today they know the ins that played a
bit of tennis yeah finally broke the
back of our investment problems would
give eat with yeah give me a high five
for that yeah man and just generally
chillin nice
again this barbecue guy leave it flaming
basket
cheers lots choice key
yeah based on the boat stays a slimline
don't you waste on these ladies dieting
thinks it's healthy there's not much fat
on them small biz
maybe I'm all about the healthy food you
know me say that they've Yemenite we've
had some goods of planning dreaming time
and Lee what this face wipes his space
well tonight was fantastic guys it was
so good catching up my friend Andy who
you haven't really met probably in the
vlogs maybe one day but we chatted into
the early hours of the morning me him
and Dave quite a lot about the plane
actually and purchasing some land
together unfortunately I'm not earning
enough in YouTube to to buy the plane
and some land to park it on but I've got
some friends who are willing to go in on
it it will be more than just the plane
we were chatting tonight about other
possibility stayed was to live in some
log cabins and I don't know we just want
to expand on the idea so we're throwing
around a lot of ideas tonight about what
it consists of and what the project
could be so very exciting we were
talking a lot about logistics and how
are we gonna buy land and get permission
to put the plane on it so we're gonna
I'm gonna send some emails off the
different counselors and find out the
laws and how we do it I think we're
gonna put in some gonna go and view some
plots of land and see what kind of land
we want and how much would Linda feels
and stuff so um yeah it's gonna be
slightly lengthy process that I'm used
to I'm kind of very a media and I want
to be things now but I'm gonna hold off
actually buying a plane I was hoping
we'd go and see one today actually but
turned out we can meet the guy in time
and so yeah that's all kind of happening
it's gonna be a bit of a process
it is shocking in the rain in the moment
it's been beautiful this week with
weather but Wow rainin yes I anyway it's
been it's been good chatting it's been
good dreaming up some future plans with
Andy and Dave and yeah I don't know it's
nice being able to have a bit of a
longer chat with you guys actually just
cuz I haven't done tons of stuff today
it's just being nice hanging out people
well us it's going on oh yeah people
wanted to know an update on my stolen
bag situation there's no update guys I
tried to phone the police to find out
whether second being handed in because
someone tweeted me something and it
looks it looked like it could have been
some of the newfound homeless grab the
bag and it looked like my stuff so I
don't know I need to keep hustling the
police but there's lot long processes
and hopefully I'll find something out if
I do find anything how obviously I'll
tell you guys straight away so no news
yet and one final thing before I head
off to sleep is mean Steve and Jake are
talking about some new designs to
release this summer for find the nomads
t-shirts and vest tops and summery
things we're going to bring back the
peace out design on the vest tops and
some t-shirts and we're wondering what
colors do you guys like and obviously
the previous best you guys saw it was
and the t-shirts with peace out enjoy
life live the adventure and it had a
yellow kind of background to it comment
below if there's certain colors you guys
like or you know summery weather and
we're going to incorporate some design
ideas any other ideas you have as well
for t-shirts and things we're doing let
me know below alright I'm gonna get some
sleep and catch you guys for a fun
weekend and I hope you guys are enjoying
some of you the last of your exams
and it's gonna be a good summer guys
it's gonna make it summer for all of us
peace out enjoy life and live the better
