my name is Cartersville mayor go Stevie
I did a brony going you're watching what
we're doing yeah right I'm leaving
Melbourne and Anna kindly let me crash
in a floor last night but well that was
the plan but I ended up not sleeping at
all because of editing videos and stuff
of that but it's been a pleasure it's
been nice hanging out and if you guys
haven't check out and his YouTube
channel she does
awesome cooking videos I'll link it in
the description and I'm actually running
late for the airport so jumping my back
I'm so happy for one they didn't
confiscate my pennyboard I'm allowed to
take it on those hand luggage Rizzo
went through to secure a and they were
like no you were informed wrong you
can't take your skateboard so I'm now
happy to check it in oh cool
right she's wrapped it up let's try this
again
I'm free
puts my gay before boarding solo it's
worked out quite well actually
ladies check my book Los Angeles where
the local time is 6:45 what's up they've
denied bookmark thank you
right so I am in America LA I got back
in time I've landed in LA before I left
Australia on the same day
well I've got through customs it's
always a relief coming into America
they're quite strict and unlike my bag
on the luggage
yes a penny would arise among the page
so just need to unwrap it out
guys look who's come to pick me up it's
pay Hey so Kate's kindly said that I can
come and crash on her floor amongst
various other people that aggression in
the floor series moved out of his place
so he's in here as well you may be
asleep before he may be weightless Hey
right it's breakfast time where we going
to break the tree we're going to a bagel
place which table that's okay flaky
sound good
that was New York bagels see this Thanks
right I've just strolled across the road
when I get my sim card suit without and
this T my gosh
good news guys i got my sim card sorted
unlimited data so this is our little
Posse today do you guys remember Edwin
from last year pretty sure you do and
this is Kate's brother Garrett I'm a
retail store how's it going it's good
yeah good good yeah how are you guys
right so we're just chilling back at
case apartment but everyone's having a
bit of siesta and I'm having a bit of a
Skype cat shot with Ben how's it going
Ben what up dude
I've been on a Louie blog feels like
years what a section over Skype this
must be at first yeah not long now nine
days and then will be a playlist awesome
I can't wait peace
hmm jet LAG's hit me guys jet lag hit me
it's gonna have a little power now see
is just on the phone to hear about a new
apartment is it good news or bad news
guys they got the apartment my high
fives
very big yeah because look at these
housemates you're celebrating
so the original plan was to go to the
Hollywood sign debate but I didn't
really work out with his various reasons
and now we are instead gonna go and get
some food and then hate to have a
campfire on the beach I think yeah so
today is be started my healthy eating in
America I'm on a strict eating healthy
diet
what guys do you remember last year when
I was in LA and my friend Jessa had that
skating accident and I we had to take a
da spittle and she hurt her ankle and
stuff I'm just having a look at her scar
now that's bad that's really bad I think
I found the remedy to my tiredness
Deathwish world's strongest coffee we've
got a slightly intoxicated seer here and
he's going to help strain this coffee
from this mr. tubular slowly well we
kind of succeeded there's a few little
bits floating around in there but that
just adds texture goodbye everyone
great party
I just arrived at someone else's house
might leave his bless her mokey Mokey's
place and he's just given me this
strawberry habanero jam this is
strawberry and like hot chili pepper Jam
is incredible I'm incredibly tired I
think this has been the longest day of
my life literally and I was gonna give
you guys some tips on traveling because
a lot you've been a lot of you've been
asking how do I travel so much and how
is it possible and how can you guys
travel more and without tons of money
and stuff like that tomorrow I'll do a
proper like in-depth like some little
bits of advice and tips on how to travel
but I'm too tired tonight I'm gonna get
some sleep
catch you then peace out enjoy life a
little bit
