I'm Roma and you're watching fun for
Louie so Steve pick me up this morning
and we are heading on an adventure to go
and find a plane graveyard and chat to a
guy who says he'll sell me a plane a big
big plane which I'd rather for drive out
but still with a great turnout and it's
gonna be really excited you excited to
see the planes right I'm so excited I'm
really excited to go you can see because
it's like great gasps it's gonna be a
photo I took of this dream me and Steve
be driving for a while and we've been
expressing how hungry we are we are
we're hungry and we were like we just
needs a big double a double whopper meal
and that make everything better
and then look Burger King and pertinency
Burger King services in one mile we are
so happy
oh don't ever get you let yourself get
it huh
I'm going to be like this cause if you
don't you yeah but now I have to
something you have to with a right after
2 hour drive air Salvage International
is this place which potentially in sauce
me plane hive is jackets on talking this
area
oh no I'm gonna get hired actors perfect
size this is perfect just have to fight
this one in defy this one and then can
these companies come out or easily after
day yeah pretty much
so we're just looking at the size of
this guy's and this is amazing this is
perfect the troopers precise left take
out the cockpit well I really think
they're safe unless we can just fly
ourselves a holiday go Enochs flying a
minute top Fitness if you want to play
with that
laboratory the front other table it's
actually got toilet mmm Oh Steve whoa
open little coffee machine ah this is
like ready to roll for a house rule
isn't it this reminds me of those planes
you see in the films where the
president's like and Air Force one and
he's like so what was this use for their
bed a shower in here no way imagine
flying and just being in bed leather
well so this is it I hit it out ready to
live it unreal isn't it this is really
amazing guys have a look around it's
given me lots of ideas we're going to go
and have a look at some of the other
storage stuff scrapped pots
they kind of met a fascinating piece of
machinery really
Oh
I think it might be easier guys I just
put one of these what do you think Steve
so we had a good look around the plains
they've got there and got a bit of an
idea this actually wasn't the right
place I'm supposed to come to you today
I got a little bit muddled up with two
emails I was sending people and there's
another guy that we were supposed to be
meeting somewhere else so I think I'm
gonna go and do that on Friday me out
with this other guy a different place
and see what planes he's got and yeah
just shop around you know see what kind
of money we're looking at probably stop
some Starbucks for our first coffee of
the day
Steve Steve said my name is Jeffrey so
I've got Jeffrey on the latte
Wow guys we just enjoy passing crashing
the other side of the road it looks like
I was alright that was a little tense
guys right we've come back - sorry and
it's dinner time and Steve has cooked up
a bit of a storm yeah what we can cook
up this week this is fresh salsa yes
it's got the jalapenos grill like child
your corn tomato salt pepper lemon juice
all that kind of stuff I didn't even
know Steve you cook I actually stole it
so next year so guacamole sour cream and
then basically you know how you usually
would have like tortilla wraps yeah use
lettuce healthier as a wrap and then
your chicken which is like I'm using
really powder cumin coriander and salt
pepper and stuff cut that up then you go
chicken in there and then dress it like
it would be like a little burrito or
little fur heater I'm looking forward to
that
all right finish eating those delicious
meal now min Steve we've got laptop Club
going on and guys we are so excited
yesterday I showed you guys the the new
bracelets that we've got in stock and it
seems you guys have been loving it we've
had so many sales tonight and we're just
so glad that you're liking the bracelets
and I can't wait for you to see you guys
posting some photos wearing your
different bracelets it's blue and black
we have as well and yeah tonight it's
just so cool to see something that me
and Steve dreamt up last year and we've
been working on really hard especially
Steve to see it all happening what you
said Steve yeah man um it's fun it's fun
I mean it's obviously just really happy
that everyone's enjoying it and it makes
all the hard work pay off and stuff like
that and obviously like me you Jake have
worked really hard on kind of creating
you know products that hopefully people
will enjoy and it's just cool that you
guys are really happy with
laughter yeah and we are planning some
new products over the coming months and
we're really excited about those and if
you got any suggestions of things you
guys want us to do as find the nomads
comment below I'm staying here tonight
with Steve and I just asked where my bed
was and he said he's laid out of bed for
me with the dogs so I'm just gonna curl
up here alright may I join you
right ah this is nicer being a dog for
the night right um tomorrow's very
exciting guys I'm gonna go and join Josh
record he is recording a video with Jack
and Finn for their channel and then I'm
going to hang out or London decent fun
stuff so I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out into real life and live the
adventure
