hi y'all I'm Giuliana from Florida and
you're watching fun for Louie
it's 5:30 in the morning and I'm heading
on my way my Hawaiian ride
thankfully managed to order a taxi I was
really panicking for a little while but
all is good
always good and it's going meat Hussein
what uber driver
there's the basket that looks awesome
one key wall this is the rest of the
balloonist doing the flight this morning
well we've arrived in this field this
random field of Melbourne and there's I
think six balloons from what I can count
and we're just getting set up and ready
these believe the joint dormant so big
right we're getting the basket
take it out
it's a cargo ship down there
other than the sound of the burner is so
silent so peaceful up here it's crazy
there's a hot air balloon directly below
us after that I've never seen how I
believe from above
so apparently this is the biggest city
in the world you can fly over in a
hot-air balloon
we're actually the same height as this
office building here imagine looking out
the window and seeing a hot air balloon
float bath hello so unfortunately we
didn't see much of a sunrise this
morning but I don't think that matters
that Oh stunning these do you think we
can stop it in map the nos drive-through
we are so low to the ground hello
well glad I'm not stuck in that that
does not look Pleasant so we're coming
into land that was a beautiful flight on
this thing of the best experiences ever
we have to get our landing positions now
hold the weight of the company everybody
yeah amazing
we've successfully folded up the balloon
all right you're done we've just arrived
back at the hotel I'm gonna grab some
breakfast it's only like 8:30 or 9:00 in
the morning it's crazy
I think they've ever done this much by
this time today
so darius one of the higher balloon
pilots kindly gave me a lift back to my
hostel and i think might go and have a
little nap actually it's only got a
couple of hours sleep last night rest
time
right I had a nice little rest and now
I'm skating down to the beach to me a
friend for coffee so I've arrived at
night you're quite expresso and I'm just
has done my friend proof cheers creak
he's been traveling around Europe and
Asia and stuff it is girlfriend Amanda
hey
and we just catch up and about the line
I YouTube all sorts really get off of it
so I'm now heading out these guys for
some dinner don't really know where
we're going it's really fun so just had
a lovely evening some lovely food with
Demi and we should be really nice and if
you go in the river in Melbourne I want
to check out this restaurant 92nd day
that's Timmy's brothers restaurant and
it's genuinely amazing pizza making
pizza
probably just skate you down to
Melbourne Central Station now I'm going
to meet up with a couple of other
friends
look it's Damien Anna how are you girls
doing tell me what's going on here why
is there lives of youtubers gathering
there's something happening tomorrow in
Melbourne
so we've got people down from Brisbane
we've got people from Sydney this is
basically like the the YouTube giri's of
Australia well that's the end of the
night it was really fun this evening
hanging out of some of the Australian
YouTube Krauss and I'm going to get some
sleep and tomorrow we are doing Meetup
midday I'm going to get to me loads of
you guys from Melbourne and yes me fun
last day in Australia see then peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
