hi my name is
good morning guys I have driven down to
Isha and I'm about to pop over to Jiro
quite first at the pump into Oxfam and
buy some replacement headphones but
there's my nice headphones were in my
bag they got stolen and I've been
borrowing my dad's but I need this
combined these are three pounds thinking
they're gonna last very long boys ahead
on laptop top well underway porridge
recopies come in Xero is busy today boy
how busy here
they say let boys who's back on the road
I'm heading into London to meet with
Andy Smith to run through January and
the feel-good bakery in project now I
think we're gonna go and have a few
meetings today about the feel-good
bakery and progressing forward Andy what
we up to today hello we're gonna go to
go and hang out the House of Lords today
yeah yeah maybe some people chat
together dream a bit so yeah we can work
together let's change the world and then
we're going to go and see some guys that
are I think a film company that will
help us for the feel-good bakery project
this way nice
so Andy's just chained to this police
officer here and he's only got
permission for him to go in at the
moment
so I'm just gonna chill here and wait
for our friend Ali's coming in with
is untidy
exactly
secret corner go
bro we just come out the House of Lords
we have a fine exciting meeting with one
of the Lords
right we are now going to this meeting
about getting a video promotional video
made for the feel-good bakery or with my
friend Ali and they had to like jump on
the tube or something to get to get here
quickly we're running late
oh I just got back to Rodney and we've
had a productive day up in London
actually it's um it's been lots of
business meetings lots of talks lots of
meeting people it's great in the House
of Lords I've never actually been in
there before so that was really cool and
then we met with the the video company
and they're going to put together a
little promo video for the Phil the
bakery turns out on I mean narrating and
maybe starring in the video as well so
so watch that space and unfortunately it
was raining like shocking it would rain
and I was still in central London so I
was planning to go back over to
Shoreditch and do some more
investigating but that's gonna be put on
hold but my friend Allie and maybe my
friend Alex are gonna come down tomorrow
and tomorrow's my last chance ready to
try and try and track the laptop and the
other things but I'm gonna have a bit of
a relaxed evening tonight I'm actually
heading to my friend Matt's house and
we're just gonna chill ah but yeah it's
been a good day you could die
some money-making sure right there it is
Matthews chili surprise get a load of
that oh this is look like a yummy dinner
it's home-cooked meal tonight from Matt
thank you Matt oh oh a great night that
was a lot of fun we ate chili and we
watched 24 which is our favorite TV show
it's an incredible TV series guys
actually the last series was about five
years ago and it's it's very reminiscent
of about ten years ago is when me and
Matt first started watching 24 together
we used to go around his house and watch
him until the early hours so it's our
thing it's a thing we do back at my
parents house and my dad's still up
working hey there dad I'm trying to get
a voice recognition working at my
computer sorta have to type anymore and
just talk it all in they still haven't
nails voice recognition interviews but I
on being super organized tonight
obviously any of you guys remember but
I'm off to Ibiza tomorrow night for four
days and I haven't really even thought
about packing yet obviously but I do
need to wash some clothes before I go so
I've got all the clothes I own for
various locations from inside Rodney
from upstairs and a lot of these I need
to give away to charity because it's
just my this is my literally all the
clothes are in my whole wardrobe and I
know sort through it what stuff that I
want to keep and I'll probably make a
big collection of stuff I'm gonna give
away
they get sauce a nice little Doug in a
washing machine up
well I've put my clothes in the wash and
I've sought without these the clothes
I'm going to be giving to a charity shop
or something
these are closing and we turn to a beta
plus glorious and one is I've washed in
there and and these the rest of the
clothes I'm keeping as my wardrobe so
I've managed to probably cut down to
about a quarter of the clothes I had
alright guys I've hung on my washing I
don't know how I fit there without an
awesome machine that's crazy I'm gonna
head to bed now it's been a good day
it's been exciting especially going to
the House of Lords and and yeah just
chatting about future plans
I am I met some guys there that run a
gym like a kind of Street Gym in Brixton
and they work with a lot of guys that
kind of in gangs and coming out of
prison and stuff and I think I'm gonna
go and visit them tomorrow I think
that's the plan if I've got time yeah we
could see what they're up to
so and also like I said I'm gonna go one
last try to find my stuff but yeah let's
let's see how that goes
alright see you then peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
