hello I'm Rebecca from that blonde girl
and you're watching the amazing and
inspirational fun fillet we enjoy right
I'm on my way into London I decided to
get the train today that's right
heading over to Victoria to get my
possible
yes that's what is graphic
guys I have a new passport I have been
possible Oh
the relief I can once again travel the
world
so the planners now I'm meeting up with
Josh josh is in town for a couple of
hours he's probably on the Underground I
can't get through to him so I'm just
gonna walk back to Victoria but what I
am I just thought I'd have a little chat
to you guys basically a few of you
seemed upset that the guy got arrested
that found my bag but getting arrested
doesn't mean getting convicted of
anything like he hadn't actually the
only reason it was theft was because if
you keep something that you found
without coming into the police after 24
hours that's legally theft now I don't
want to get him in trouble I know like a
lot of you were pointing out he's had a
probably had a bit of a rough life and
there's reasons to his the situation
he's in all I was concerned about was
getting my stuff back so I don't want
him to face any kind of punishment or no
the end of the day yeah he did just find
a bag so what you saw yesterday I was
exploring other routes to to get my bag
back which didn't involve
the law and if all goes to plan he'll
actually end up with some money
get it down some random Street annoys me
Josh and I remember coming down me once
my double-decker bus turns head on his
corner and there's closed party decides
I have to drive up this one-way street
and I remember getting trapped in this
corner disliked this glorious and there
was life I've been be popped from the
corner here and it took me about half an
hour to get around it
one of the troubles are these long beard
oh no I'm gonna get tired talking shot
Josh having a little catch-up we're
making some exciting plans Hey
Josh you stopped short but sweet little
ketchup
Sylhet man
just skated over to Greek Street and I'm
about to have a meeting about an
exciting trip I've been invited on
better get inside before get see we're
chilling in this private member's Club
in Soho and I just had a really exciting
meeting with a guy which I'll tell you
more about he's gone I was just can I
just share about these editing's I'm
just editing up here and it's amazing
lounge overlooking this square guys
check out this cool sculpture it's made
a lot of serious stuff and this one as
well till now right skate down the road
I'm about to jump in the bus to go back
over to Shoreditch Brick Lane and
continue my investigation change alone
jumped on the Underground my buses and
running some reason I just skated back
to the original location that we came
out that night we land fair event and
they were basically guard to the second
house we knocked on I'm going to call
the guys bluff because I think it's him
I'm a sailor I know to you and I willing
to compensate and I'm willing to give
you a little finder's fee
so Missy is right I know luckily estate
buy back at the hostel here so I can
question this guy again I'm not giving
up guys I am NOT giving up yes we just
need to find this chip shop now and then
if we find Sparky I cannot just
how can I just be trying to go she ate
saying with it I just left the house to
again not a successful night but we
spoke to a few people that has seen this
guy Sparky its culprit around so we're
in the case my friend Jason I've been
walking around with trying to find him
said to come back tomorrow during the
day
better luck I forgot to tell you guys as
well my my my map of pro thing popped up
again today I'm saying that it had been
turned on again and there's an alert
like a soundblade which means they
haven't wiped it yet and so I've still
isn't hope and now I'm Ben and Steve
have popped up to London because they're
doing a late night Instagram hunt doing
some photos and stuff and they've come
come down to save me to rescue me oh how
you boys doing I'm glad you guys came up
Steve for go is penny board no I didn't
forget it in your car me
drinks so basically going on a little
late-night adventure just trying to find
some nice spots really some nice photo
spots thinks these just happen without
going Chumlee get down there right these
guys want to get lots of symmetry and
business iana photos just notice it's
cool sculpture they look at that can't
even see my nose pitch-black right
why we just pops into baguette Express I
got two samosas and they're phasing so
good all right it is time to roll home
see you later boys
thanks for the lift okay I just got back
and yeah bit disappointed didn't have
any breakthroughs today in find my stuff
I'm not sure where to go from here I
guess just keep keep going I think I'm
going to head up again tomorrow
and still keep looking for this Sparkie
character um yeah I was just saying to
bentonite like I think it puts into
perspective what's important and hanging
out with Steve and bentonite I just
thought this is what really matters is
spending time with good friends and I
don't know I just just put a thing in
perspective the last few days have been
stressing out a bit but tonight us
it was just nice hanging with st alright
um yeah I guess I'll see you tomorrow
see if we can continue this
investigation
peace out enjoy life and live Avenger
boom
