hey my name is i'ma and you're washing
fun for Louie
enjoy
it's been a very nice flight and they're
just announced we're about to descend
I've just been showing some of the cabin
crew my videos what's your name mr. hang
out my chair and the craziest thing just
happened we were coming in to land and
then suddenly Jets went back on that we
started taking off again I started
climbing so I don't really know I was
due to operational reasons on the ground
in apologize
welcome to the client a national airport
where the local time is what I just know
you call me slide
this goes with
I've found myself a little off this area
there's a random desk here there's a
power point I'm trying to access Wi-Fi
so I can upload my video don't know if
I'm gonna be able to see they also
taught me to try and contact my friend
Steve see we can approach this tonight
it's looking guys I'm having a bit of a
nightmare I'm trying everything to get
me Internet I managed to go in the
business center here and go an
incredibly slow internet check my
facebook my friend Steve has not
messaged me so looks like I'm not having
breakfast with him today but I turn
upload my video as well and it's just
is cuz with five and five
there goes my penny board you got me
flying
just one second oh sorry wait a second
okay first on the plane I've never done
this before
Thank You flying and flying and flying
inside girl you call me flying and
flying it
it's cuz we're flying and flying and
flying in fire
it's cuz we're flying and flying in
flying in flow but no idea what time of
day is but it's his teeth brushing time
well yet again my body clock is
completely screwed up it's like 4 a.m.
Australia time but I've lost like 12
hours of time zone so the day's just
flown past I've watched a couple of
movies chilled a bit and it's been good
because I've had a lot of thinking time
obviously sitting in the chair with
nothing today and I think my trip to
Kenya is obviously we've been very
different to a lot of the kind of
traveling I've done over the last few
months and it's really reminded me that
a trip with a purpose of helping others
and impacting other people's lives is a
lot more rewarding and although I enjoy
the activities and having fun I think in
life is about having that balance where
it's not entirely about just self
fulfilling stuff but it's a exit thing
of wanting to have an impact on others
and yeah I mean there's some really
exciting stuff been chatting to Andy
about the rest of the team which I'll go
into a bit more but basically we're
going to be setting up an enterprise in
the UK or Andy's already set it up but
I'm going to be kind of joining the team
a bit more and we're gonna be raising
some funds to feed kids in Africa and
other developing countries and it might
be that this year I get a chance to go
out and and go on a bit of a scout and
find project to support and it's
something that we might go to get my bus
involved with back in the UK but when I
get back off I'll I'll share
everything with you guys and we'll go
and meet the team and a little a beret a
bit more but it's exciting it's given my
life direction this year a bit more
driving and purpose and yeah there's a
bunch of exciting things I'm thinking
about thinking space is good now
although this vlogs being pretty short
and the day's kind of flown past
literally I'd love to ask you guys a
question I'm just going to throw this
out there this community of people
watching my videos and this kind of vibe
we got going on
how do you think we could be closer as a
community how do you think we could
support each other so it's not all about
revolving around me and my life or my
videos but you guys to support each
other more is there something we can do
and what would you want if we could be
closer as a group of people and doing
something how do you think we could do
something to change the world in a
brilliant way leave comments below and
I'm gonna be just doing over some ideas
of a way to bring this collective of
people that want to do some
life-changing things yes it gets her
thought and I'll see you in Melbourne
I'm going to be dropping into Sydney
tomorrow morning and then on to
Melbourne
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
