I'm listening like Edward Cullen today I
don't hey everyone I'm Joe and you're
watching fun for Louie by the way Chloe
I love you
good morning guys well fuctioning um I
slipped for a few hours I still haven't
heard anything sac about the success
from yesterday and waited back from the
police and I'm also looking into
tracking my laptop and through Apple
I'll keep you updated for other day and
we just see now for lunch at the moment
hey this looks yummy I got my call from
the police they are processing the crime
report they said they're gonna check
security cameras and all that let me
know but they said I shouldn't hold out
much hope for retrieving any of my
I think it's slowly so again the main
thing is all I need to get a replacement
part for because I've actually going
away next week on a little holiday which
I've told you guys about yet by will G
the I might it's again one possible
replace in London and I'm now in rod Lee
where Darcy out like that and we are
heading up to worries worth and sky to
my dad still got Brenda and we're going
to go to say hello lady below or he'll
be quite interesting they're like well
we've arrived at Sky TV this is the
officers are used to work in for those
of your day knife way before YouTube way
before the youth work I used today I
used to do 3d animation at Sky
television and I used to work in this
building and this is all kind of bizarre
for me so a bit of a blast from the past
right we have been in we've looked
around a bit of a tour I saw a couple of
you lace to wear it but fortunately
there was no filming allowed inside no
filming allowed inside at all so sorry
guys
how did you find it dad yeah interesting
very interesting a lot of edit Suites
16,000 people work yeah so overwhelming
really well we run away home and I just
need to stop off with some snacks
because I'm
spinning x-ray
the situation on my laptop and
everything from right I I fell asleep
guys I was so shattered because we just
did not get any sleep last night and my
dad's made me a cup of tea
Ben's come to pick me up and and we're
gonna go and grab some dinner we've
arrived at Byron burger I'm hoping
having little bit to eat might change my
mood put me in the bed I do like silly
bugger green chillies I'm putting on
some hot sauce as well I'm excited
how'd you enjoy dinner been another
Byron burger smash in the bag
I think it did put me in a bit of a
better mood it's always nice to have a
full tummy yeah right I logged into Mac
the MacBook Pro as like a you can
register too
so when you lose it you can find it and
this alert has just popped up on my
macbook air that is been found so it's
gonna give me the location of my bag
we're gonna go and get that guy right
now surely yeah I think we drive and
find her so you have the location where
your laptop is where is it yeah I'm
finding now now that I get that look
right here locating why is it taking
this long old location where the hell is
that bethnal green 33 minutes ago it was
in there this address in Bethnal Green
and it's not me together police surely
no no don't bother please I did this
last time and like you must go to search
the building doesn't happen so I'll go
go go yeah yeah yeah what was good at
breaking down doors bad why's this
beauty you're gonna be going on this
journey go I have tickets I'm driving so
I said
yeah so I'm still pumped with adrenaline
basically I cannot believe that we got
the location popped through my phone of
where my MacBook Pro is right now which
hopefully is where my baggage with all
the other stuff as well Ben is kindly
offered to lead a vigilante group
actually consistently will and fin come
through in a heavy yeah we need these
guys as backup and we're going to this
what I imagine it is quite a rough area
of Bethnal Green to try and retrieve
some stolen goods as when this is mrs.
stabby Lim this is definitely a first
for me I haven't done this before but
the police we just called the police and
they've offered to assist us which is
good they said we probably shouldn't
take the law into our own hands where we
run away or about half an hour out
guys this is where it's pinpointed where
my laptop might be but this is the
surroundings who were driving through
and it could be any of these blocks of
flats and I just got word from the
police that they're not gonna stick
around
whilst we knock on 200 doors but I said
I'll call them if we run into any
trouble right there's two houses we
think it could be and we have an
approaching yet the lights are still on
I'm being very optimistic at this point
the police have put me on hold because
they don't want us to go in without
backup understandably yeah because I
guess you get in trouble if we get shot
or something in that way but I think
we're good I think I'm not going to be
accusative I'm gonna be like oh hey um
my back bro hello yeah we've actually
we're actually around the corner this is
it you idiot if they could call me back
house set we're outside set to house all
right the police have arrived guys I
just pulling up now
I'm gonna press play sound and see if we
can hear it through somes window
we're not got a new team member on our
vigilante Steve right we've got an
update guys it's seeming relatively
positive what I've done is I approached
some local guys that were just walking
around and I said I've got a proposition
for you I will offer you some reward
money if you can return my back or find
where it is and return it to me so I've
got some local guys on the case and they
said give us 24 hours and one guy even
said I know where your bag is so let's
hope this works in the meantime it's
getting pretty late and we're all going
to head back and I think finally the
first time today I might go to relax a
little bit
what do you think are you hopeful Steve
I think so I reckon this is your best
bet basically right back my parents and
I don't know sorry
sorry I've I've been out of it a bit
guys it sort of being a bit traumatic
for me to be honest this whole scenario
is going on next Thursday I'm booked to
be going away for five days we're
actually celebrating we're going to
throw B thir and we're celebrating with
Jack and Finn for their 21st birthday
it's all going to be a bit of a break
for me and Ben actually from the the
daily vlogging although I do want to put
content up and the plan was like I said
the other day is I was going to put up
these these Road Trip videos from 2011
during those four or five days washed
them away but now my laptop's been
stolen so firstly those videos aren't
there and now my passport is gone so I
might not be able to go unless we get
the bag back in the passport so I've
been quite upset today and just
processing all of that and trying to
figure out another plan and just I guess
it's all sinking in and the consequences
of having the bag taken right I need to
get some sleep because I tomorrow me and
Darcy and Amelia are going on a little
trip away for the day okay she goes in
peace out enjoy your life with adventure
