hi everyone
do you love adventure do you not
traveling the world do you have a thing
for dreadlocks well you're in luck - sit
back relax and enjoy the ride because
you are watching fun for Louie I slept
for like 12 hours last night and I've
pretty much recovered from my heatstroke
my son straight are feeling feeling like
80% well
it's 7:00 in the morning and I've got
out of bed for safari we're going on
Safari
this looks like England over here the
lake was not this big when I was here
last pretty sure that houses are
supposed to be underwater just popping
out roof right we bought our tickets and
now we're looking for some animals I
think it's gonna be some pretty cool
animals right there
oh we've driven up this little hill
check this view out as unreal
here is incredible some scenes zebras
buffalo Domingo is rhino is our water
buck I still haven't seen any big cat
see everyone I see some Chi is Alliance
so we on the hunt you think we see any
lions look guys this is epic crossing
this bridge fighting about probably
dismiss some other guys and they've told
us this in lines just ahead so we're
quite excited there's a lion just here
and our driver is you know how are you
trying to get us killed we're not ready
for that you can tell because his tails
wiggling it means he's angry
yeah let's bowl
he's weak let me tell you what's the run
to us he knows what time is we have to
leave because the line was getting angry
probably would have made a little run to
the van
gumbo gumbo but we've finished this
little part of the Safari and where
we've come to hang out chill out at this
little resort hotel place there's a
swimming pool apparently get massaged
maybe and we can eat lots of food
oh yes Begay bolognaise this is so nice
sunbathing here
well this is just absolutely incredible
we've spend the afternoon just relaxing
here and we think possibly this could be
one of the best locations something
proves any of us know it's wrong
overlooking the safari park and that
lake if any of you guys know a better
located swimming pool and tweet me a
picture but I'm not sure there is just a
little cheeky little fruit juice before
we leave
cheers Kenya all right finished our
hotel chill time and back out to dinner
I think we go for a curry again
security check for the restaurant person
you wanna check his loo very dangerous
you should yeah I've got very dangerous
items everywhere there are a it's just
guns guns bombs everything we're back we
got extra extra extra extra spicy I'm
hoping mitch is hot enough that was a
pretty good curry spice well it's the
end of the day it's been a really nice
day off today getting to do the safari
see some of the Kenyan wildlife and
tomorrow we are doing a sports day at
the children's home which is going to be
pretty exciting
I'll see you then peace out enjoy life
the adventure
