my name is true Mizzou and you're
watching fun for Louie well it's a roni
morning and I'm on my way to have a
little cocky we've been trying about
exciting film project Larry please don't
bash into that nice white girl he's
gonna smash that it turning what love
the weed that's commitment she's like it
right we are in full laptop club modes
and we disordered another copy these
boys pressured me into it not up not
that I'm complaining in I did you cheers
brother Oh cheers steve bends jumping in
his guy me and Steve we're gonna jump in
Rodney I'm gonna show off my stuff to
Steve he wants to hear it and then we're
gonna go back to steve's and workers
it's horrid it is horrid Webber I'm not
gonna let it make me miserable life
knowing that I can stay happy in this
river because I'm happy but be weary
said about the base to all my life
you're the basement Beijing the ladies
have an amazement facing the place
london goal in with a beach
haebang when she gets attached she like
never was my hand we are back at steves
we're working really hard but we are you
have really hard i'm editing this is
exciting guys i'm editing the 6th
episode of my 2011 American road trip
which I haven't I little never put any
episode of like 10 months but next week
or the week after i'm updating five
episodes and i'll tell you why soon the
problem is that's all being so chilled
in life sometimes is that we end up none
of us being really decisive so we were
saying at steves for like at least an
hour all saying our was so hot grow
another none of us would take the
initiative to actually doing a big show
so we have now and we've come out to
peace express for a delicious little
lunch
so good I am full you guys don't know no
I was gonna put you down yes bro what
we've been working for a few hours and
it may be time for my fourth coffee of
the day right and Steve's got his little
coffee making thing here guys check out
Steve shoe collection he's almost got as
many as me bro how many shoes we got
that's not all of them that's a scary
thing I need to do i need to get rid of
lots actually can it scary to some some
some shitty shoes I got bro one pan one
pair so you need really but it's all
only I don't need all of those shoes
okay be honest how many pairs of shoes
and you got has got leave a comment be
honest well me and steven johnson Rodney
and we're actually driving out to London
to hang out with Alfie who is basically
make up with him earlier in the evening
that you got caught up some stuff not a
crier he's heading up on the train and
we're hopefully gonna get to victoria to
come up in time
oh yes Alfie okay are you going so early
help me I know man we got her lunch yeah
I am hungry boy handles closes at twelve
or 10 dozen I doesn't right Alfie's on
the friending and I also grab some of
the new chicken thighs you don't have
any chicken thighs I closed it lies
within us and we're just gonna drive
there quick and go okay one was there
cheese inside that burger as well a fair
thank you so much bye yeah even though
none of those is closed then finally now
sit down whilst they're like cleaning up
and stuff to be on me oh I'm so excited
oh yes Nando's
with the right delphi's hotel and we're
just taking a little stroll it's
actually kind of cool here I'm hoping
I'm hoping we get to play some minecraft
tonight that's why I hope well guys it's
it's about that time to continue on
minecraft gaming oh I'm going on for
some reason Steven up to an end why you
being a sports will see it cause I know
if I join in I won't go to bed and do it
on our own adventure we get a bit anyway
man I know by chillin I feel less bad
oh you know Alfie oh it's like half
three or four in the morning and we've
come into the little lobby of this hotel
and look how cool this is all right Rico
and I've got this amazing pretend fire
learn it's not real flames guys hey
that's so cool Louie thinks he's good at
skipping is about to be shy
by being on my steve-o a hot
oh wow
yes outfit what right we're off to bed
these boys are having a little cuddle
session in there and I've got the floor
thanks a lot guys let's look guys no I
chose the floor I chose it for anyway
we're going to have breakfast tomorrow
in london's from the awesome and that is
in like four hours night guys peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
