hi guys I'm just finishing off some wall
quotes and you're watching fun for a
movie good morning guys my picks up then
and we are about to catch a train up to
London as we've got an exciting meeting
today and I'm sure we'll be getting outs
us about the mischief as well always oh
wait are you feeling - like that
mischief-makers I'm feeling good yeah
very good
I feel like I feel like we have our
pending boards with us oh we left them
at home but we're getting the train so
it's time for coffee and some breakfast
a baby
I mean been a variety Waterloo we're
just about to dump the underground meet
up with Maddie and then we're heading on
to our meeting
and get well so we all planned out today
been to the channel flip party it's got
a rooftop vibe with some free pizza so
I like to party
are we dumping and anitha late for
meeting for this meeting
can't really tell you guys much more
about it we're reporting on goods
we've just come out of our meeting turn
the corner and been off with a free
little Frappuccino thing she's been and
we're now gonna head and find some
fights and lunch with run as well gonna
get something yummy it's always like a
bum lose the bet I'm not complaining
though wait this is nice this time of
day as well it's kind of chilled I went
to the spiciest thing on the menu worker
murmurs the Firecracker I think I've
done this once before right we had a
lovely lunch and I've just ducked out
and I'm gonna head down to the bank so
need to sort some stuff out and then I'm
gonna meet my thought we've been in a
little bit
guys I have got into hmm because I
really need a belt look
my genes are literally falling off I'm
not Steve to help me pick out about
hopefully I'll be able to get one that's
all right
what do you guys think good choice I was
tryna get hold of speed but I couldn't
get out of it so I just went ahead and
picked now guy Steve approves of the
balance I'm pretty happy
this little coffee shop we're finishing
his vlog uploading I'm about to get mine
myself a little coffee to use the
incredible upload speed to get its blog
online I managed to get mine online last
night it's a let me say like a minute
you done with your upload Ben
three minutes right we are heading to a
party now the channel flip party and we
thought what better way to get there
than on the Barclays bikes get this
saddle down
I like low riding right food has arrived
some pieces and my mum's arrived - oh
hey mom and my sister Darcy hey Darcy
and Alan's arrives Alan everyone has
arrived
Farzin going so just come out the rain
because this unfortunate side reins on
the roof come down to the channel flip
wool
and look we found business it started
for me Oh old school to me sleepless me
and it was very hard of it
right me and then a duck now the party
downstairs to come back to the roof
topic is been figured out earlier there
may be some exciting groups to explore
up here and the rains stopped there's
only a little shower anyway so we're
gonna go and have a little look we're
gonna be safe though guys don't worry
kind of do you know I feel like I'm in
Mary Poppins we'll the chimneys does
chimney sweeps
so something I didn't tell you guys
earlier and Channel flip are moving
offices and it's part of their big move
they are chucking the low stuff out or
they want to like get rid of stuff
where's the old room of free stuff so
they give it that said we can take free
stuff if you want to instead of just
flying away with it free stuff
DVDs Tom watch those on my computer that
could be great solution we probably
missed out on the best items they're
still these hats though I feel a lot one
of these hats could work this is Ricky
what you chosen have you selected
anything for that shows the red one if
only I could actually fit hat someone
hey guys probably choose a hat as well
but they just balanced today that's not
gonna protect me much it's hard house
yeah boy what you said oh yes
whoever had it said I'm trying to find
my sister and their friends it's such as
brownies and they're out celebrating who
doesn't want to go - she was
Penza Sansa Phi
okay is a weekend I wanna
well that's quite hilarious on the train
you always get funny characters don't
you mean Alan the back and Surbiton now
and we are jumping in Rodney and I'm
gonna go and stay at Alan's tonight
right I'm back at Alan's house and I
have made some beans on toast because
I'm quite hungry I always get to this
time of night and I need to eat and just
because I don't have regular eating
patterns it's it's been a fun day it's
been nice okay suppose tomorrow peace
out enjoy life
live the adventure
