namaste my name is Angela I'm from Delhi
India and you watching fun to do we just
come downstairs
Darcy is making some lunch we hope you
can say thank you well this is gonna be
much your home that
nice and we've got literally literally
one minute and then we need to leave I'm
gonna drop dance it's cool afternoon
lessons luck in that hat bro what time
is it bro full time is calf attack it's
better purity
zero I have been in this joint for a
long time this is Stephen bents regular
hangout I can see why they have only
been in its white
Steve went for the healthy lunch option
so did I peanut butter chocolate sliced
was right means see the back is rocking
out the beats this work we're gonna go
up the Chizik in a bit
see let Bay have a nice afternoon we are
on our way to hang out with will these
up the Chizik and Steve is kindly
driving so I can finish my death
yesterday so I'm just doing some ink are
editing Steve's just rocking his hat hey
there well yeah it's been a long time
man well for the up seen each other like
what six yeah
very easy
let's consumer and we've come into Guyot
which is really nice for shopping Chyzyk
and we just check it out flat why don't
get up a nice little catch up
so whilst we're up here shot with the
duck into Specsavers I've got a blast
so we've been looking long and hard or
these guys have for like good-good
frames for me and I think this the ones
would be nice thing I think these might
be my glasses a little bit different
yeah I'm feeling nice let me know below
will you reckon so I picked up some
glasses unfortunately they can be made
up today but I'm gonna get them posted
to my parents like next week or
something me and Steve are heading back
down sorry so it's quite sure because
it's see well it's nice catching up and
besides get peckish I haven't actually
ever in lunch today I just ate one like
peanut butter like brownies like
food niggas just picked milk we're gonna
go out eat Nick show us how you start
your mini bus notice well instead of a
key I let you don't even carry a key
anymore then a kid got me my door key
yeah let you connect the brown one so
they're white in the yellow thing yeah
and if you let these lights come on up
here got these all right yeah and then
quite safely you check it's outta gear
and then you're just kind of like touch
show you know touch that one and bam
we're off we're off on an adventure and
that's how you Hotwire a mini bus
guys check out this mix kebab Donna and
chicken how's your car out there yeah
this is a kebab anakata
that is alleged rape in the area people
come from miles around alley kebab he's
I think honestly the best bouts of pants
anywhere in the world
I was here when I was born was it in
this town and I didn't go into us 15 15
years of service before I finally made
it
all right me and Nick you've finished
shocker Babs and we've just gone for a
little Drive and we were like where
could we hang out and then we thought
we'd go down nostalgia Lane and come to
this this sample
Oxshott which we used to come down to
all the time and have a little campfire
so we're gonna try and light little
campfire here proper fire starter oh
yeah Larry let's help this fire along a
little bit
you shall not pass mr. Louie yes sir
yeah try gonna be that's it
roast it I love fire guys
sir it always set such a nice mood like
a contemplative mood it's very relaxing
I feel like you can just all your
worries just just fade away just step
stare into the fire love it don't you
love fires Nick yeah within that thing
again when you've loved me and I've
loved you and then
our friend James is right panda he can't
see him he's behind that light and we
decided well Nick persuaded me crazy in
this light Louie
hello easy so this deodorant can acts
wait is it not links anymore
no okay now that's there a foreign one
maybe I bought this abroad anyway we're
gonna put this in the fire and it's
gonna be a massive explosion let's do it
guys don't do this at home it's very
dangerous
hey guys don't you love explosions
explosions it's so good I ran out back
and Nick's minibus somewhere um
hot-wiring again get that Nick I'm
scared my fingers are touching part of
the night hey presto no problema let's
go home Oh
All Right see you later Nick it's been
fun hanging out Naseem a lovely season
yeah
what a fun night all right I'm off to
sleep tomorrow I've got a long day in
London I'm gonna be a meeting I'm with
Ben early and we're going to a meeting
and uh yeah catch you then peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
