hey guys my name's Lydia you've clicked
on this video which means only one thing
you're watching fun for Lily enjoy today
is a bit of an admin day means the set
of a battle station in his office and
we're doing I'm doing some editing he's
about to edit one of his new videos and
it's going to be productive day fri it's
time for some lunch it's all about
really a beautiful last night for your
sensing you're so yummy ice this busy
editing in latest video what he's doing
now let me show you guys something a few
weeks ago like three weeks ago I asked
you guys to vote Misty's blog to go
through to this competition he actually
got into the final life in 10 or
something and it's the last few days of
the competition it'd be awesome if you
guys could go through the company
magazine or linked it on the top line
but basically this is all a bit
complicated weapons as you go through to
this page and you actually have to
scroll along next page until you get to
email style blogger click on sleep
Booker and then you have to keep going
through to the last page click Submit
and that all her through for the vote
for the final competition I guess I'd be
awesome you guys could do that I think
be also sleep with thank you right first
all the things I'm doing with Steve and
I'm hit it off peace out bro good sinner
oh maybe see tomorrow you're gonna hit
your video done today great it's done
well it's nearly done that only done yes
almost done so people will do click
through and watch it yeah yeah
oh I've come up to London to hang out
with my friend Andy to chat about some
exciting charity stuff he's the guy that
went to Kenya with and the charity
regenerate not been working with the
years and we're just kind of a little
chat about some of the cool new projects
are doing and how I can get involved
right Johnson Andy's car gonna get some
dinner how you doing Andy you know what
it's been a long day but
I feel full of joy yeah tell us a little
bit about the stuff that's going on with
regenerate new projects exciting stuff
yeah it's very exciting stuff so just
about to launch something that we've
been shown about a little while a
project employing young young people
that really need an opportunity can't
find work maybe they're coming out of
prison there are gangs I really want to
turn their lives around we're setting up
a something called the field with bakery
which is a sandwich amazing sandwich
company making incredible sound appears
and delivering them to offices around
London and therefore every sandwich we
make and sell we're matching it by
providing a meal for a child in the cat
feeding program
so like the projects in Kenya we want to
sell we sell 500 sandwiches a day we can
feed 500 hungry kids a day and that's
the sort of thing we want to do we want
to grow a lot bigger than that as well
it's exciting being at the lunch time ya
ass awesome i'm definitely get involved
with this and we're just going to chat a
bit more about how I can best support
and promote and everything but yes
exciting guys really excited so we
actually ended up meeting up with a
friend Clemmy who we haven't seen in
ages and we're now squeezing in Andy's
car we're going to go try to find a
late-night coffee how you doing back
there Clemmy comfy Oh delighted thanks
so as we were driving we were just
saying how much we like that London has
kept a lot of classic things that make
it London one of them being the red
phone boxes and then I was like I've
seen some of the red phone boxes being
turned into like internet access points
because obviously no one really uses
phone boxes anymore for bringing people
and then we stumbled across this one
which got a cashpoint installed in the
red phone box that's all so now this is
very fancy take this out guys
and it just hit it off he's dropped me
back rodney and i just wanted to show
you guys something so this is the back
of andy's buffs mian mian andy bought
buses at similar time some of you may
know I've got the boom bus stillen still
in storage but I used to work on Andy's
bus back in the day before i got into
YouTube just driving around there from
the station london work for young people
and he's just branded the back of his
bus ready to launch the the feel-good
bakery so quite exciting yeah i'm hoping
to get involved with more now that
 ok for a few months I've got a
few drips planned but just in the next
few months it's going to be it's gonna
be nice to get involved and yeah just
spend my time doing something a little
bit more meaningful
yeah it is right i just got in Rodney
and I've realized I've left my backpack
somewhere with my laptop in which is not
a good thing right update is guys I was
watching back the vlog footage of
earlier and I was wearing my backpack
engine and ace but was not wearing out
and then those so question is did
someone Rob it up or it didn't and those
put it aside when they were cleaning up
for the night I'm going to drive down
there now I think they're closed but I
may be able to earn their cleaning still
or maybe I can see it through the window
guys as people still here and ask
I left a backpack yo do you have it yeah
oh my gosh thank you so much guys I'm so
relieved do you ever have those moments
where you're you're panicking you're
like oh something Bad's to be happening
and then you like cool is fine it's
exactly how I feel
but yeah sorry today's not being a super
eventful it's just one of those days if
you don't but it's been it's been cool
for me so be nice to hang out I just
such a good catcher with Andy and Jamie
tonight you saw briefly we ended up
having me like a really good beef chat
about life and
faith and you know I don't know where
motivation for things and what we really
want to be doing and just dreaming up
ideas of how we could be impacting at
the world for the better days like today
are good just to have some chilled
conversation time with you one other
thing I was going to bring up was
something that bugs me a little bit
someone commented on one of the videos
and I do read your comments guys and I
don't often reply mainly because but
anyway the comment was that I don't
often reply to comments or tweet so ever
but the treat is I'm always on the go
and rarely have chill time I struggled
to reply even to my own friends now I'm
having you know back and forth facebook
conversations with I've struggled to get
back to people because I'm always on the
go and I'm spending a few hours a day
editing and it's often late into the
night and then I'll schedule a video you
know upload during the evening and I
don't really have much time we're
actually sit down on my computer and get
to converse with you guys other than now
this is a better format for me to really
interact respond to you guys because I
can read things that I can verbalize my
response a bit better so it's not
because i love you guys less it's just
it's it's not a format that works well
with my lifestyle right now but and also
there's just thousands of people that do
ask me questions and want to interact
and I can't respond and interact with
all of you so sometimes don't know where
to start by I hope you guys understand
and like I said it doesn't mean that
lovely lass right decided to come back
to my parents I've got a few things to
sort out here tomorrow and grab a few
things so I'm going to crash here
tonight I'm just in the middle of
watching steve's new video he actually
managed to get it up so you go and check
that out and don't forget to vote for
him as well like i said earlier that'd
be awesome guys and i'll catch you
tomorrow i'm not sure what i'm doing it
but I'm sure I'll have lots of fun peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
boom
