I'm casing I'm Amy we're doing our Duke
of Edinburgh I think you're watching
fumble away it's another beautiful day
in London guys and I am heading down to
pick up Alfie from his hotel we stayed
near London last night and then we're
going to go down and see Steve okay
we're we're gonna go and have a little
row on Richmond river in a boat that's
the plan
I just picked up Alfie how you doing man
good I've been in so i woke up at seven
thirty two small do you do yeah when I
got practice on top and none will get
ready for the day and now we're headed
over to get Steve who's editing his new
video for once
Weaver either Cafe Rouge alexia we're
going to see outside this perfect and
grab a nice delicious meal that you've
just joined us for lunch taking some
time out with busy business day is this
day to hang the hang of this chop
I sell a dive
you
we have arrived in richmond by the river
and we're going to try and get a rowboat
and go on a little road
so right on how I go run yeah retired
yes Louie or he's gonna splash ah yeah
none of ravalli this is gonna stretch
another lab right yes bra what
you
you got this yes which I want what you
say about your first time Rowan Alfie my
no splashing McGrew
you guys are terrible turns out Alfie
and Steven terrible rose and somehow
they varied us in the wrong direction
after all the progress I've made
switcheroo again we need Louie to save
the day and take us to the island of
dreams who are you gonna get there mate
yeah we need you bro coz alpha and I
aren't very good at rowing laughter what
you doing back there right
we made it back thanks Louie tired mate
right we would've been stranded without
you that's a good workout bro we just
got off the river how's it quite hard we
were I was running against the current
both ways and I've worked up a bit of an
appetite for coffee so we're going to
duck in this cute little cafe and get
one much rubbish pit my shirt I can walk
out that way Cheers
see don't you love it in their life
lykke we've just picked up a three I'm
in Rodney Rodney we're now gonna go to
Richmond Park and enjoy sin sunshine
I've not seen the Sun holiday how's your
day been hectic and busy first them now
nice let's go relax we've arrived at
Richmond Park last time we came with
back she was quite a naughty dog and she
actually ran away and weak me asleep
lost upper ages so we're not gonna let
the lead today how's your day been
alexia all right yeah I would have
rather been out in the Sun but it's been
ok hey hey what's up slap
wait and about these days are so weird I
always thought that horns well I just
would I don't know why like not work but
you know me yeah hot looks fuzzy cell
yep AVI not any heard quick one of them
screeching oh God thank you think Zoe
should be a wildlife presenter I don't
you in the rest of moving things like
twigs
TNN our these guys jumping in their taxi
and we've decided we were actually going
to go down to Brighton and join him for
dinner we've arrived in Brighton it's
almost half ten so we've left it quite
late but there's hope you some pieces
waiting at in Zoe's apartment and we are
super hungry you super hungry so hungry
you super hungry its good time the sky
that's Louise Asher what see Wow good
choice outfit good choice bro Bosh you
enjoying your pizza there Zoe this is
coming that's not amazing we have a
lovely evening of Pisa eating and TV
watching and and now we're heading back
to sorry after a short visit to Brighton
it's been good are you see letter off e
she there a piece C let Zoey by quite by
guinea pigs
well we got better Stephen Alexia's and
I'm gonna crash if the night because me
and Steve got some stuff to do in the
morning and yeah it's been a great day
without fins Oh as well and I am I am
shattered so I'm gonna get some sleep
i'll catch you tomorrow guys peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
