well super early in the morning and
we're gonna get some breakfast
let some ducks Wang right hey hey yogi
hey chill man poor dog is chained to a
tree hey it's hot really hot I'm really
not happy right now
where have I walk around aimlessly like
trying to do something but it's just
making me even sweaty yeah are you
feeling this morning bin I played
sporting I'm excited to check out the
market apparently is in town I really
want to leatherback
we're going to take a little wander now
see if we can find any little trinkets
or nice Indian souvenirs
I really like these cows over at oh so
cool hey man I like cows you're a good
cow
I got a cheeky little mango lassi
and more better having a really nice
time now we're just chilling in this
little cafe and we got free internet
nice drinks we boarded a real coffee and
we're just people watching it take some
nice nice photographs so I got a
cappuccino but apparently the coffee
here isn't fantastic what you're saying
though it's awful
tastes like a camera's vagina I'm gonna
I'm gonna see what it's like anyway it's
definitely interesting
this guy doesn't like these guys what's
happening good think these girls are
being like cleared away just docks in a
little shop gonna get some vests
desktops Jack's getting these cool flags
sewn onto this bagg and we are about to
leave
check this parking out great parking max
how was your market experience I bought
on one I've come out with a bag full of
stuff and I'm actually on flow know what
to do about that I go in leather bag
you've got another notebook I met this
man who invited me to his house I'm
nowhere just have a cup of chai tea
awesome so we've had a lovely morning
and then we're heading off back on the
road
how is your market experience we'll
never backs or level
god never things
Ben is going to run up there and get a
really cool camera shot
you happy with that shot yeah very happy
steps my feet are covered in spite it's
like everything wants to spike you here
time for a little fuel stop I just take
a little toilet right and this is what
the twins like India they're just a hole
in the ground interesting I wouldn't
choose to go to the toilet like that all
the time but I know quite a lot the
world do use those holes in the ground
yeah it's all right
it's actually all right it's lunchtime
it's pretty warm and we're on bumpy
roads but it's a lot of fun
it's important to drink a lot of water
guys hydration is important
we're just editing photos also chillin
at this roadside ah lovely lunch back on
the road now I'm going to do a little
driving shift for a bit look at been one
month off jack is just running off that
field to set up a tripod he's getting
some cool shots of us driving up and
down this road
we've only got one more day of driving
today and we've had our first flat tire
you know just casually lifting at the
top he needs a he needs a Jack when you
golf in hey we have a really interesting
issue with this tire the the bolts
moving with the nut why is it doing that
is it is it snapped off inside us and
how that's going to break it then how
many Indians does it take to change a
tire eight
I actually prefer these small towns
because they're not built around tourism
so it's not Kate it isn't it's not like
everyone's trying to get your money and
they don't just see you as this warning
bag of money it's kind of cool you see
the real culture and I don't know I just
prefer it a man might be more just
happen man
which going down the highway and a car
side coming out and no words came down
like the wrong lane assembly about that
closest but like lighting
I'm shaking as well I genuinely thought
we were going to crash there I was
bracing to crash head-on collision guys
this snake is a snake who ran over the
snake probably Mike don't get too close
did you run over Jay why just run over
us no you don't get too close man
I suppose moving you know those moving
men oh no I've been a small guide yes
it's a part in some kind of Viper his
brothers that's definitely venomous oh
it's dead man alright sly it's a lie
it's got crazy things
it's got crazy fangs I feel really bad
that we've knocked in bed scared I was
looking at my phone although he's kind
of trying to hang on in there hopefully
survives it's kind of sad they got run
over the dangers of the Indian roads
very fun
I just got seven warfighters you feel
like the Beast
what's happened
right children so go a bit crazy we
spend the last half an hour around the
town looking for where our hotel is
driven into a dodgy backstreet you were
like rocking out sometimes shouting now
I get down the road and that was chaos
it coming through the streets it's like
the water fire and then we kind of got
lost went down some random side streets
and it all got mental and in the chaos
my vlog camera the screen has got
smashed
in the chaos vanilla okay yeah and
that's not cool so we're going to get
some sleep wake up early and we've got a
whole day of driving sits me right peace
out enjoy life and live in Ventura
you
