hey guys my name's Ben from Darby and
England and you're watching Uncle Louie
please good afternoon guys I am hard at
work I am editing a video of me and Olga
that we filmed weeks and weeks ago but
we are uploading today and I've lifted
the luck to the last minute my usual I'm
really bad at it I always wait until my
last possible moment to do something and
I do it she's already done her video
that we filmed together and we've set a
time to upload tonight so by the time
this is uploaded you'll be able to what
to go and watch that video at the end of
this but it's hard work twice trying to
edit this new format let's learn the
slowest format something I'm not used to
cutting the way I do so it's gonna take
a while before I get faster there so
I've got another couple of hours of
editing to do today sad isn't such a
nice beautiful day outside right I've
managed to step away from editing for a
moment I'm gonna go and try and find
some lunch I am very very hungry do you
ever leave it till you're super hungry
you can't even concentrate that's what
I'm experiencing right now I need food
think there's a chip shop down here
hey Steve yeah right we take your pay
for a walk Bay
gets excited
basically the friend lady friend
Hey did you have a nice walk you tired
she she is tired after that that's good
that's good Hey so me and Steve are off
on an adventure tonight down to Brighton
we've had a few hiccups life one being
we needed to go and get Rodney and my
dad's took him out somewhere
so now I had to borrow my parents Volvo
their other car and I'm driving now it's
getting at Rodney
it's got my glasses and my penny board
and my bedding inside so and we're
running very late sorry Alfie but I hope
it was still a fun evening all right
just what cards sake brought me we're
ready to roll let's do this well we just
have to stop fuel also little snack we
haven't really eaten dinner yet look at
this new flavor Luke say they found the
Brazilian mango Mandarin someone
actually tweeted this to me the other
day whoever you are thank you I had a
little look for it found it
I'm really excited
but you excited about trying this new
flavor Steve what the Brazilian going
you have a little sit first yeah yeah go
then that's friendship
yeah what's the taste test say delicious
man oh good
probably that Shaundi favor of giving a
taste oh that's good that is cheeky
that's very very good
hmm we have just arrived at his house
his left David dominoes due to complete
bonus also I realized on the way down
I've got a splinter in my arm so happens
gonna help you get it out you see it so
that way it is you might need to pin
some india straight up yes we have
another visitor tonight
david has come down to help his EP sir
hello we are hoping it's gonna be a
sunny day tomorrow brighten the weather
forecast that it is and we're gonna have
a beautiful brunch these three all think
they're the best at their lives yeah
they're gonna have a diablo competition
this is special okay it's course two in
the morning Cal please introduce us to
some very addictive games on some watch
this where the websites actually Cory's
mother Roger come their own addicting
game games nothing real started out
what's going on that but I get this
little red guy and yes like I can't get
a little yellow guy
I've been mining underground for a
couple of hours here what you saying
about 64 block of diamonds sitting in my
Pelt it's in my power what'd you say
that so I'm coming if you don't play
minecraft you have no idea if you play
Minecraft 64 what price the end of the
night it's 10 to 5:00 in the morning
I'm gonna get some sleep and you know
it's been a pretty non productive day
well it's been productive I mean I get I
got that olga video done um which you go
i should go and watch now it's lots of
fun
circus tricks she was teaching me if you
haven't watched it already now you can
click the screen now and tune in
tomorrow for a fun day and brighten with
without fear in the game peace out
enjoy your life olivia venture
