hey guys today I'm with Olga we've come
down to a park and she's going to teach
me some circus skills because she ran
away when she was younger enjoying the
circus let's do it
so right now I'm going to teach it Louie
how to do ring colour change you can
start juggling as a regular pattern then
she's going to grab the ring from inside
and he's going to slowly rotate them and
then you have red ring I can't even
juggle rings I don't know how I'm gonna
do this it's gonna be difficult
I'm gonna try it just jogging normal
first then we'll save up the switch I
feel like the bows gonna go better you
catch it here instead of here and then
you twist
yeah yeah yeah this is really hard
abundance did it again China did it this
is a lot harder than it looks I'm gonna
have to go back away in practice this
and maybe next year and I come back to
Olga I can impress her with my ring
juggling skills next we're gonna juggle
balls
I can kind of juggle three balls but
Olga's going to teach me some tricks
hooked up a lemon the first trick I'm
going to teach him is a juggling the
regular pattern and his ride ball will
fly over to the left hand and I am the
best teacher ever and yeah oh my pretend
that there's a box in front of you and I
can go outside of the box and also do
the best you can not to open your mouth
when you juggle
they're holding cash in their mouths oh
that's a good idea okay
I like it in yoga luckily so the mouth
and hands apparently are connected no
longer is mouth and if you can't do
anything so let's start again
no way one might find it harder to
coordinate with my mouth closed oh that
they little it the data in and a little
bit right now I'm going to pass oh it's
about not overthinking it's from a
relaxed
oh my god I think I just really had him
in a ball how it tight that was it it's
like perfect
oh my god that was so perfect this is
like a workout yeah this is tiring
cardio
next up with the hula hoop I'm terrible
at this
I can't really move my hips I'm just
like well that's so show me how open
them up I need to lose my hips up so you
just spin it around you get for a little
bit and then your hip Iqaluit
I took what you left him looks okay so I
have it actually I have a dick for you
okay so try to put you out
left foot forward yep and now
no better uh yeah but I still feel like
I'm not rotating my hips I've disliked
trusting yeah and dressing just for a
teacher yes okay
what other tricks can we do with these
so you can also do a hint trick which is
very simple so you just started spitting
it on your wrist
get comfortable boobs with you I really
didn't think this was gonna be that hard
they know you were a great student
you're normal so watching that your hips
just bend your elbow in yeah Oh hold you
this way yeah
and then you're gonna flip it from your
face and then you slip it behind your
page
Wow you're just adding all kind of
player see another cool trick I'm going
to teach you what so you hold your loop
like this so step aside for a second and
you go you'll lift your leg up keep
going around oh elegant design and pick
up your other foot
yeah go profile birdy I should
definitely join the circus for our last
trick we are going to try and learn to
plate spin neither of us that I've done
this before but we're gonna give it a go
okay I'll go first
yeah found a lady completely wrong no if
you right you've been really good if you
put an egg this is impossible guys it's
really hard I don't know dude
yeah there's anyone at home know how to
spin plates if so tell us in the
comments or like post a video about it
also go and check out Olga's video we
filmed together go check out her channel
you can click on the home now
yeah and we've talked about animals and
the sounds that they're make it's
hilarious yeah is is hilarious so check
that out and I'll catch you next time
why steer a chicken goes cluck cluck dr.
Joffe desperate ducks and you can make
no so
