today is another beautiful day and I
have driven down to visit a friend who
is in hospital and I'm gonna spend a bit
of time with her and then I think I'm
heading over to Steve's for a bit of
brainstorming but Lisa braced on the
outside because it is glorious look at
this I've arrived Steve's been chillin
here days chillin and Steve's got some
medication for me because I am feeling
really rough Goliath right oh my god
fell out my voice is an octave
his cowbow no no no it's good Samko very
nice full breath what you doing
Louie spill it you don't learn do you
yeah I'm glad it's a sambuca and a
unitil it's what its gonna look like I
don't know we just gotta wait I said I'm
gonna change it yeah yeah see we'll see
how it looks
things you say you change it and then
it's not all y'all do this and then
you're like it's just pretty much the
same I'm really bad like never notice
people's haircuts and then they get
angry tonight so you didn't tell me
you're also getting your hair cut
oh yeah you aside for your haircut state
I am actually yeah I always love getting
my hair cut so fresh
I'm a invent they're gonna go and chill
in a cafe and head it was he's getting
his hair done thinking about why did you
push all the phone boxes over I should
make a little phone call okay slam the
phone down to be hardened angry then
they all fell down Oh bro I've already
had a company's bank noise and maestro
still suicide I'm on go for some lens it
and just got some hot water on Instagram
26 cheese and ham sandwich for lunch
today
this looks pretty delicious Vince's
homies formed a bit of a shoe addiction
with all the pretty colors so they don't
have these in my size
I've already destroyed this one Steve
got me there it's because they've got
like this really thin fabric as the
outer part of the shape sorry Steve did
you get your shoes Ben check out Steve's
new haircut spin-spin by at least even
been abduction to friend to finish our
edits and children little bit we're
gonna wait for the rush-hour traffic to
die down so not just sitting all the way
home look I crazy Lucy
we just pulled over to help some guy
who's broken down and push the car away
how's the lightest car in the world I'm
just arriving at Dave and Matt and
Alan's house Ben is kindly given me a
letter to thanks math problem yeah I
don't know Rodney I'm still going then
I'll get back later hey guys I just came
in and I've heard this rumor that Alan
has taken up arteries a hobby and
they've told me shot an arrow through
this window
that's amazing Alan I also got the paint
there's a paint can does that mean
you're not so good at archery yet does
that mean you're not such a good Archer
not such a good Archer that's very
intimidating are you going arrow there
archery is dangerous guys look how
dangerous it is
that's quite a bad injury you got
aerelon I should learn the terms archery
I'm gonna be an archer I should learn
the terms do you think it could kill
someone with us yeah I definitely know
going out for dinner at this local curry
house and I've got this it's a type of
vindaloo Oh comrade what they called it
but apparently very very tasty so
hopefully it's not too spicy well that's
definitely a delicious curry I couldn't
manage I'll take some away slowly
building up my tolerance again okay guys
I'm back at Dave's house I went into his
cabin at the back of the garden to use
the toilet because the toilet in the
house is broken this is actually the
first time I've logged from the toilet
and there's a good reason um I forgot to
check it as toilet paper and there isn't
so I'm in a bit of a pickle so over I've
texted Matt and I told him the situation
and he said he had only delivered me
some toilet paper if I hug situations
though so that's what's happening yeah
can you throw it throw it
I know just this right yeah that's it
okay I got it okay but thanks Matt well
at the end of the evening I've had a
great time with Matt catching up and
this is my bedroom for tonight
and this actually might be somewhere I'm
going to stay for a little bit
other nights as well because it's a
spare room they've got it means I get to
hang out if they even Matt and a little
bit more watch them back in the UK it's
been nice it's been good pretty chill
day I enjoyed having a little girl
Audrey I'm looking for it's a bit more
of that and I'm gonna get some sleep and
catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life Olivia venture
