hi everyone my name is Kiran I'm from
Melbourne Australia about to type my
pedal on the yarra river and Yash and
fun for Louie right with horizon Maurice
nice and we're just gathering the troops
and getting in cars and heading to this
toy right they've gone off again the
mean Tiffany are jumping in in with
Angela how you been Tiffany pretty good
have a nice day yes I'm excited today
yeah are we gonna be dancing yeah
we have stopped off on the way this
party to get a few things to bring along
food some cheese selections maybe some
dips who knows
you
were you serving up Tiffany serving up
traditional chile lasagna oh yeah got
any trouble hows about genocide oh yeah
that's so funny
yesterday my yoga yoga
well we left the Chilean family party
thing and we're heading to the cinema to
watch last vegas just looks like quite a
funny film
what did you guys think in the movie
yeah right really cried yeah it's more
emotional than I thought it would be
yeah mommy's gone good movie going watch
last vegas you get a chance are you
excited tiffany so much energy
right we've decided to go to a nightclub
tonight because up that movie they had a
great track though we were all like
dancing so we're like we're in the mood
to dance so here we are
Oh
that was awesome that was an amazing guy
I love dancing
Tiffany had this great idea for us to
gonna get kebabs way toward a Tiffany
high five high five of kebabs I don't
even like to pass that look what I
actually said was I hope we don't go out
for kebab and then everybody went no no
you said I can see why people love
getting collapse because I was hungry I
actually want to get a cabal it was the
idea of food that was advertising okay
well it's definitely come on site oh
right we're back from the night out
which was a pretty awesome my Tower and
I'm weighing around it's 25 minutes plus
3 a.m. and it's just is 25 minutes plus
5 p.m. in the afternoon in England now
our new find the nomads range was
supposed to launch 25 minutes ago and
Steve and Jake are working very hard at
getting the site up and i'm just about
to skype call them as we launch right
it's nine minutes pass for now so that's
nine million thoughts six we're over an
hour late from launching but we are
ready to go now i'm on skype with steve
hey there man oh yeah just excited bowl
so kind of nervous at the same time has
been so much to do this is so exciting
okay where is it I need to find the
bloody button your sake I'll literally
go crazy like you've been working hard
to their gayness already oh my gosh yeah
all of us yeah what so flippin hard it's
been crazy trying to do the logistics on
like a completely different time zone
staying up all night trying to post into
the girls but it's been been awesome oh
I can't believe y'all right found it you
funny yeah really
let's do this bro you ready for this
guy's refresh i clicked refresh i
clicked refresh ah it's live yeah but
its large man guys look at this site
we've just launched wait Steve let's do
a high five and spy pro high five man
burns you know this is like something
that you know I wanted to do and Jake
wanted this into it teenage it's kind of
thing you know really really young yeah
it's kind of it's kind of awesome that
were able to do it and it's really
exciting that you know you spend months
and stuff trying to put together
products that you hope people will like
and then when you put like you know when
you're pressing that button no lie it's
kind of it's like you're a little bit
worried because you've been working
there so long you kind of you wondering
when you're thinking I hope people like
it and I hope people enjoy and realize
the time that you spend on in and all
that kind of stuff so cuz obviously we
do do it all of us you only know all
ourselves yeah it's not like we're using
company to suck time where it you know
we're on a massive learning curve bro I
love it that we just were just friends
that we just friends together doing this
yes I love man and we and we will bring
our own unique kind of skills to the
table yeah definitely yeah bro got 500
people in this light now that is just
insane it's likely they say no mo well i
finished my skype call with steve and
we're just both so excited and JT just
with how well the new ranges been
received and yeah like Steve said it's
been so awesome everyone that's taken
part in the competitions this week I
wish we could be given more away I've
looked through all of the instagrams and
everyone is amazing thank you so much
very creative and yeah just excited that
we've got around to launching our new
collection and go over and take a soil
let me know what you think comment below
what you think of the clothes and the
designs and everything
and see you guys tomorrow for hopefully
a bit of an early start and some fun
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
