hey my name is Natalia and i'm from
brazil and you're watching fun for Louis
enjoy ciao alright another late start of
the day and we are picking up the music
city van for the gig tonight and I'm
going to be driving Damian's car back
down into town well I definitely don't
think I could have skated into town
today it is very rainy very rainy indeed
fry the guys in south of the crown I had
something to eat and we just go for a
little walk I'm with Bridget and mail
and I'm just going to get coffee because
you know it's that time of the day
coffee time
Oh
how's it going tonight they mate
well another amazing evening another
great performance from the Montgomery
brothers and now we're just trying to
figure out a plan for the rest of the
night like some kind of adventure
maybe we'll join in the bad boys ukulele
again I'm the little jam out
yeah did your girlfriend oh we are
heading to get some food at grilled
burgers all's gonna be good still very
wet evening this might limit our
adventures for tonight snow I'm ready
Dave always so close to my back
we had a lovely dinner now I'm heading
back today Mia's house tour sponge maybe
a party maybe jump in the pool Ryan
Tiffany have popped into a shop and the
way back Damian's and I've got a bunch
of fruit and vegetables we shall find
out in a little bit why because for the
next challenge will find that I'm s
competition and it's gonna be fun
we had an epic water fight in the
swimming pool and and it's getting quite
late so like I was mentioning earlier
we're going to make something out of
this free at the challenge we're making
a fruit companion fruit and veg I'm
coming to you they got vegetable a fruit
and veg companion for your adventures so
I'm gonna make mine and then you guys
can have a go out making your fruit
companion and tiffany is going to help
thanks Tiffany
what's recalled in Tiffany it's like a
bit better okay listen Bert we put his
cherry tomato eyes apple slice ears he's
already got his hair sorted out in the
pineapple this is his body this is a
pumpkin we've got a problem we've got a
banana for the mouth but it's way too
big that's a silly idea Tiffany then
they tell us your idea green bean for
the mouth and then you can split it and
the peas will be the deal all right
awesome all right let's get that on it
guys what do you think of birds nose
giving us a little bit over the top yeah
it's cool good it does look pretty cool
right these are the cucumber legs
okay ready is that balanced yes from
well I'm going to take an Instagram
photo this guy it supposedly Louis yo oh
no we were just lining up for a photo
guys and Bert just gone didn't even get
so I oh don't they know we know we can't
even yet but is he all right Oh his
whole face is full enough right we've
reconstructed his face damage is working
on that body yet ok I think we got it
okay we got it well i got my photo with
bert and now if you'll go to go and make
your free companion and hashtag ftn
challenges and you will win one of our
new sweaters for my new range and
talking about a new range we've just
released on the final oh my youtube
channel which you should all go and
subscribe to I'll look back video which
shows all the clothes that were going to
be releasing tomorrow Saturday and yeah
it's all really exciting it's all really
exciting so we're going to it out top
line in the description peace out into a
life and live the adventure boom
