what is that beautiful people from all
over the world it's dead boy Chris from
Bulgaria take a seat grab a drink
because you're about to watch another
day of life of Louie ko4 with adventures
and fun enjoy Oh today since Damien's
gonna to work and I haven't got a camper
that I thought would take my penny board
for a little spin
oh I've decided to scale all the way
into town it's about three miles and
they said there's about 17 minutes
idling so I think I could do in my half
an hour
well I thought I'd take a little break
and set you guys challenge number three
they find the nomads competitions that
we've been running usually I wait to
write to the end of the day and it's all
a bit rush so today I thought right I'm
gonna do this early on in the blog so
the challenge is we want a visual
representation of your adventure so I'm
gonna write Louise adventure and it's
got the outside and it's got to be
creative and and then you guys have to
post photos of your adventures so you
write your name and adventure and
hashtag FTM challenges yeah let me check
out what I'm doing now well I've
finished my Luiz adventure you can kind
of read adventure will come a better
than photos I'm gonna Instagram that and
this represents my kind of outdoorsy
jungle adventure kind of spirit and you
know that's my adventure I want to know
what your adventure is what do you love
doing what are the things that excite
you
be creative and don't stop BIOS
mango to Leah
Bala juice Oh skating it's good workout
good exercise right back at the music
shop and this is where I'm beating
everyone
Tiffany is the natural at skateboarding
yeah why didn't you tell me you could
skateboard come out for an early dinner
council rumba that noodle place where we
just had like bottomless noodles excited
you guys excited for gamba remember
look at this so and pepper shaker that
is key
they teach me the Australian
we left the gamba Ramba and we just
walked past and found de mer getting his
hair cut and this hairdressers
right we call out with naming again
got a nice haircut look at that hey girl
what do you guys think oh yeah like that
it's got the coffee's and we're taking a
little stroll through the night market
we're gonna go get a crate oh yes it's a
crate wrapped up like an ice cream cone
with some goodies inside
so we've arrived at Cannes casino full
bottle waiting for Moreau Bridget I'm a
couple of others to arrive some cool
Latin jazz bands
no such a city made amazing I definitely
want to learn salsa dancing when I get
back to London if any of you have to
dance Elsa
you should message me and I'd like a
lesson please thank you I don't think
that would be that one there's so much
fun right before I go to bed I've got a
little announcement to make
next month Saturday the 8th of March I'm
gonna be back down in Melbourne for
those of you live around Melbourne come
along there's gonna be YouTube gathering
like this big event there's a bunch of
us youtubers coming there's gonna be
music wax maybe you can get the
Montgomery Brothers perform a few songs
it's gonna be a lot of fun it's called
explode and on the link that below you
can check that out buy some tickets
come along also don't forget to enter
the find the nomads latest challenge the
competition to win some clothing for my
new range and stuff like I was
explaining earlier right oh ok so guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
