good morning guys I am in home near
Brighton and we've just spent the
weekend in Dave's woods me and be in
Alfie just having a bit of an yeah
they've a retreat of the grid no
internet no phone and so I'm back online
and we are heading to go and do some
training on the jet board the surf
boards on the sea and if it goes well
today we are potentially going to be 20
across the channel on Tuesday that's the
current plan but on the way there with
this apart is coffee roasters we're
going to grab a coffee and I'm very
excited okay we've arrived at hole again
I've got my helmet as I nobody saw I
bought this in New York like last
weekend also if you're wondering I have
taken a few days off this week which is
hey I have taken a few days of this week
so and
yeah comment board in last motherlode I
think I was just getting back from
France Mike's wedding so it has a little
little brighter back on it today it's a
pretty nice day jet boarding it's going
to be yeah and we could is awesome okay
hey I haven't seen the way the effort
apparently the waves are great chills
come out with no and friend DOMA okay
and we are going to check out the waves
really good yeah yeah let's start
picking up and up underwater so to fill
in a lot pretty easy and it's not super
difficult yeah you're going to get a
feel for what it's like sonic back to
the board all right I've got my two wet
suits on and I've been told and pulling
they're too hot in these which thinking
product might depends on how cold the
sea is that the Sun is blazing so we'll
see you all right handy yeah
we are almost ready to head out to sea
now modem a few test runs with the board
that you just tinkered with and I'm
going to switching to the GoPro now they
only get the camera wet under these
cameras in a bag potentially film some
clips from the ribs a lot of boat that's
going to be coming out to support us and
then maybe later on I'll get the growing
up yeah put my helmet on get ready yeah
it's ready to roll excited thank you
guys I've got a feeling this is going to
be really hard they can chop you to see
it
I hope my home Ellen
I always take the head out
all right you're going to be quicker on
and recall about junking run a like
poster I saw I thought you got to learn
it just eat up off the throttle back and
employ okay try again and then if you
need if you need to change let me go in
and said okay but for now you're going
to keep going
the longer the board stays in the water
the more water you gain it but we're
saying that the throttle is far too
sensitive you think about yeah he's used
to be going a little bit too far I think
habit the coffee because Twitter see the
chip yeah Louie's about nightly oh where
did it go where did it go what quick
drop the book what book yep
okay guys this is really flipping hard I
came off a few times then flooded my
board and the I don't know what happened
baby let go of his board and is hanging
on to a boy over there and then and then
yes board washed away from him and on
top of all that
the motorboat which we ran in to come
and life support us broke down so it
don't being a disaster they fire
absolute exhaustion okay we go rescue
again paddleboarded in mind of still the
board's out where to let a little rest
slugging our options things that can
figure out another support bite yeah I'm
so glad you're alive Andy oh yeah also
al please come to watch what do you
think Alfie obviously much you're never
go on these things are clean here when
they're fixed
I probably guy said if there's a support
boat yeah yes well guys I'm really
disappointed with today and sometimes
you run into problems and you just
there's a nice solution you can't you
can't figure out the problem I mean you
can't figure out how to overcome the
problem and today is one of those days
where the broke the boat broke we can't
go back out without a support by there's
no way around it so the whole days I've
been a bit of a waste so yeah I'm not
going to get too upset about it that's
just annoying you know because I kind of
feel helpless there's nothing I can be
respond a few other places to see we can
go down and get the support boat
elsewhere but this means they're the
channel Crofton without plan on Tuesday
even though it was ambitious the first
place is looking almost you know looking
like it's not going to happen unless we
have some kind of miracle solution oh
yeah bummed out I'm a bit bummed out you
know got a roll roll with the punches in
life all right we're heading off hello
boys we are um yeah we're a bit gutted
big guy Don you are we and they're here
no he's Alfie Alfie Bry cut school it
off they don't have a spare bite so we
just did James went out for like 15
minutes and that was it kind of stuck
I have swung past my parents house
picked up the car on borrowing and I've
driven up to meet Andy at the house we
used to live before I started YouTube
for this is have been in 2012 and the
other day I was clearing up some stuff
one of the days off a head of clearing
up a bunch of staff I've got like the
whole worm food with the car is full of
old clothes and things I need to give
away to a charity shop and he was
clearing through all the old stuff and I
found this set of them and set of old
keys
check this out right - good set of keys
these keys I haven't seen for five years
and and they are the keys to the garage
of the old building age to live in which
has tons of my stuff that I just stored
in there I forgot about it literally
like two motorbikes some sets of like
conga drum the fish tank like loads
around them stuff maybe guitars I don't
know anyway we just thought maybe that
stuff's still here even though it's five
years ago maybe who knows maybe we could
still get in the shed and there's still
things in there potentially though it's
been cleared out a lot of surprises
buildings even still here I thought
would be knocked down by now
so anyway we're about going to see if I
still have some things maybe I could
take the room with me oh my gosh
actually tell the people over in that
what we're doing or not this guy just
used to be our garden this used to be
flat
remember the fiber gay payment we bet on
our safe as one that's pot well after
all of that guys someone was just broken
the lock on the door anyway so just
literally pulled it open but yeah we
have found some a roll I would think
beefy motorbikes this fish tank which I
don't really need what Erica is going on
yeah used to have a little turtles now
that's our fridge still look so rad yeah
I can I bought that in 2011 maybe we're
you sure this fuel in there boy
a bit lately
that's accelerator no it's a twisty one
minute it was cool that we found some of
these hidden gems that we used to have
but um the kind of wrecks ah it does
inspire me to maybe get another cool
well vintage market sometimes like
there's no point doing that now I don't
need to add to my vehicle collection
well that was lost from the part I'm
sorry
nostalgia then as I drove down to my
house I think there's a lot we can
salvage but I might come back here and
try and put a few things in a van or
something good that's nice
there's nice to do see I've had a very
nice evening with my parents and Raya
who we just chillin watching some
documentaries again I've literally binge
watching documentaries alongside
obviously trying to get a lot of work
done and yeah if you could find a week I
love chapter JP tonight and he's saying
I should head over to LA to meet him on
the weekend so in like five or six days
and then we're going to be putting in
yeah another five or six days of prep
work and then we're off potentially on
the 17th not completely confirmed but
the 17th of August could be the
departure date for the world flight
originally we were seeing the 10th but
there's been a few delays be out I'm ER
I'm very excited and like I said trying
to do as much as I can in prep before we
go it's probably a little bit ambitious
to be trying to do other projects but I
did really want to do this channel
crossing with Andy I still haven't heard
from him there still might be happening
this week you know as well as me trying
to catch up with as many of my friends
as possible before heading off for 3
months
the L keep you updated this week as as
things become more certain but if you
have been one of the if you are one of
the people that backed the Kickstarter
project we did I'm sorry if we haven't
been updating you as much as we wanted
to but it has just been very uncertain
because of you know
just getting the right paperwork and
insurance and the plane and all these
kind of things and JP getting up to
scratch some of the things he needs to
have before we leave so there haven't
been any certainty so we don't want to
announce anything until we're we've got
stuff properly in the diary so anyway
that should be happening in the next
week I'll do a bit countdown we're going
to be launching things properly hyping
everyone up getting ready for the
departure and yeah thanks for sticking
sticking with us on this guys it's been
a long time coming but yeah I'll catch
you tomorrow for some final rushing
around in the UK peace out enjoy life
and live adventure
