I'm talisha from Australia and you're
watching fun pillowy boys today
look away no way this guy jumping on my
bed I found a good use for this Parkway
I'm gonna put a bongo pug we're now
heading off to the Emerald Creek Falls
and I the way they look much better than
yesterday say so there's a little stream
in the road and we're gonna drive
through it so heading out to emerald
pools and
we need to cross this little section of
river to get out there and we're just
trying to decide which is the safest
place to cross because it's quite fast
flowing water it turns out it's been so
much rainfall that the water levels much
higher and it's flowing a lot faster and
it doesn't wait dangerous actually and
we're supposed to be carrying on kind of
crossing some of these sections but they
just look way too dangerous to cross
it's also water I'm trying to look for a
way to cross but
yeah so check this out you can just
drink straight from the river with no
risk of getting anything it was it
through the straw as you're drinking
well we have to backtrack find a safer
place to cross
so he managed to make over the river we
now need to walk up to the fold through
this rocky section and try not to get
swept away we got here Weaver aye
well we were hoping we'd be able to swim
at the waterfall but the waters just
flowing too fast and we don't get swept
away and died the terrain out here is
amazing this is like Australian fish
which is a different terrain to like the
rainforest which is over in cats and
we're only like 50 miles away just a
totally different climate it's like a
little bit cooler and totally different
vegetation crazy
we've arrived at a coffee plantation
called sky brew for some lunch on a
coffee and we've just met this guy it's
cool skuki glasses oh he's biting the
rubber off it he's pitting the rubber
off it hello hello you can say his name
Amen
you said check our burgers out laser big
burgers we just found this sick house
with a really good
all right we're back in pants
that's a lovely drive home we're
dropping the net back at the youth
hostel she's gonna pack up her stuff and
I think we're gonna go out for dinner
and maybe to the cinema later on I'm
definitely out for a little nap before
then
all right we're back at danos and we
have a little chat we're having a little
chat with Rio all the way in Hawaii hey
man how's Hawaii hey Doyle it's very
good I miss you guys heaps ah yes I was
there with all your adventures I can't
wait to see you guys again yeah
oh it's gonna be fun I'm feeling a bit
weird my throat sore stuff but oh yeah
I'm good here play a little harder see
we've we found out that we're gonna be
in Melbourne together in March so we're
gonna have a bit of a reunion then see
you later bro see man well we're coming
to town and picked up the net she's
looking very lovely tonight Swank was
McDonald's grabbed a little snack still
working on that whole a healthy eating
thing and when it's now arrived at the
cinema was gonna watch 47 Ronin
well that's a pretty awesome film I've
just been dropped off to collect my
hippocampus an I left there at Mary's
house and we're now heading back to
Damien's from Italy
so just go back to the house and I have
been online chatting - Steven Jake and
we've got a very exciting announcement
to make
we are launching a new product range of
find the nomads on Saturday 5:00 p.m.
GMT time and so those either don't know
last summer we launched our clothing
line and we've got some other kind of
bits we sell as well and it's been
something what we've been doing
ourselves
jaqen and Steve have been working really
hard with the designs and you know
sourcing the clothes and everything and
we've been sending them out ourselves
and over Christmas we we did a sale and
now we're ready to relaunch with a whole
new array of cool things that we've
designed and got ready and - as a build
up to that we're doing a really fun
challenge competition where you guys can
have an opportunity to win a whole bunch
of stuff like goodies and things from
the new range so right now I'm gonna be
posting an Instagram of my adventure
essentials so I just I've grabbed a few
items I'm gonna take an Instagram now
and we're opening it up for anyone to
join in just hashtag ft n ft and
challenges and we'll look through the
instagrams and there'll be like a winner
in some runners-up each day I think
tomorrow today tomorrow next day and
just something fun for you guys to get
involved with and yeah so go and follow
the Instagram account for find the
nomads we're gonna be posting some of
the products before we launch so you
guys can check out what we're doing what
we're selling and we're launching a
lookbook video on the YouTube channel to
find the nomads YouTube channel which we
filmed in Byron Bay
with all this new shirts about that and
an obviously Twitter just to keep up the
day but it's all link below and I'm
really excited to show you guys what
I've been working on and I hope you guys
are excited too so going into the
competition post an Instagram and I'll
wake up tomorrow morning to see what you
guys have posted peace out
enjoy life and let the adventure
