I'm from Switzerland talking from an
epic hallway in Austria and you're
watching Zoe hey guys it is afternoon
already and we're heading out for lunch
Alexia and Dave came down to join the
fun and yeah we're gonna get up see some
mischief today I think
boy cheers guys
Oh lovely
what did the cheese say when he looked
in the mirror what type of cheese to use
to get a bear down from a tree
guys look at Marcus's new car Marcus
Butler 3 go the other day Bentley well I
didn't tell you guys earlier is Stephen
Lex brought BAE up and she's been
sleeping in the car how are you doing
BAE hey she's happy let's she's we're
gonna tell you we've come back to Zoey's
and BAE is meeting Pippin away
Oh guys look at this cheeky little
cupcake I think I might have to borrow
this
see let Zoey probably gonna go ahead in
fact it Alfie's let's hit it off
face it enough we're going to do some
videos and then it's Josh escape right
we are back out of this house and min
him just recorded a very fun video one
take guys know jump cuts just had a deep
discussion about friendships and peer
pressure deep and meaningful go over to
his channel click click below top to on
the description it will link to his
video he had just filmed so again if it
wasn't Mike we share the moment 60
minutes 914 minutes are some of that no
legend so you're very bored and one of
us having a chat let's go I'm not good
just enjoy Johnny's just on
Oh
ladies
I put it that good set by loving that
music
so josh is headed off and we are walking
around brighter now it's quite late at
night and we are hungry so we're gonna
try and find something to eat and we may
be going out late or we're not sure yet
but it is the good boys night where you
go that saveloy yep
mash dogs sausages chips and candy sauce
gosh
we've got SAP Lloyd to bat sausages
probably back to gaming me an outfit on
minecraft Dave and Steve having a little
game of some trials game it's only one
thing you're not just just forgotten the
night has just begun well guys it's 6:00
a.m. again and I've stayed up most a
night playing Minecraft but it's it's
been fun everyone else is asleep and I
should probably get some sleep too we're
actually leaving in the morning
well in a few hours
me Dave and Steve are gonna drive back
to sorry and it's been quite an
incredible trip that's why initially I
love Brian it's amazing anyway yeah see
you in a few hours
peace out enjoy life and the adventure
