hi my name is CP and you're watching fun
blue Louie roll it right today I managed
to make it into candy and I've ordered
some likes getting a coffee hey bean
Damien do you like it strong yeah man
all right done with lunch Damien's
closed up the shop and and now I'm gonna
follow him in his car to the music shop
and they're gonna do one more rehearsal
before I'm before the gig tomorrow night
we're just stopping off at a shopping
center we're gonna get a little
connector lead so we can watch films on
Damien's TV today we used to work here
this little coffee place we're going to
go in there
so here prevent trouble for free
guys look at the sky it's like dark
everywhere and look at that that is
insane
I've never seen that kind of sky before
I have never seen a red sky like that
that is very unique I will just chilling
back at home and we're having a little
look at the latest on this cyclone
that's hitting Queensland so so we're up
here and the stoy claims like veered
down towards Townsville it's been
upgraded to a category two and
especially we're gonna miss it
completely which is good but I was kind
of getting excited that were my
experiences so I think it looks more
severe on this satellite image man that
decided since the Cyclades not hitting
and it's a dry evening we're gonna go
out and have a little campfire on the
beach and cook some sausages or
something so we just come down to the
shops before these shots get some
sausages
so he needs just the basic sprite and
sausages maybe a couple of onions to fry
to the beach Damian does David listening
to it called a salty plum never heard of
in my life before vile is that oh wow so
sour so soaking opponent needs a real
looking a real Australian thing I have
no idea why he will you do right we'll
just got the fire going on the beach
this is amazing I love v so much
just examining our sausages clean their
room is done brothers man
well yeah I'm good it tastes good up
there it's funny I don't usually enjoy
cooking but when it's around a campfire
it's like actually really fun and you
feel like like you have to cook there's
nowhere to buy food out here that is an
amazingly made campfire sausage right
there alright we are back we are back in
the car that was awesome guys that was
just so awesome it's one of those
moments are just like sitting now I
didn't want it to end it was just
incredible
how's the sausages I'm so full yeah no
proper fat and juicy news are so nice
guys we were just walking along here to
find the swingles jump into and it's bad
massive bat flew out this tree we lift
it up and there's a massive Python
coiled in the tree and it gone for one
of these bats come and share this how
it's meant off that's quite this tail
it's a wild Python just chilling in a
trick yes Australia yes so we are on a
mission to find a swimming pool that we
can sneak into
innatron on this fence
Damien's just gone on a little mission
to find a towel
to show it you are so annoyed
you just shouted so loudly and then ran
you just still tough again breezy to
have a closer look at this point well
it's 3:00 in the morning we've had a
very eventful night and just yeah it's
an incredible evening probably one of
the most unique amazing sunsets ever
seen got to chill on the beach campfire
couldn't show you guys but the stars
were out tonight as well all in all just
a beautiful beautiful evening and we had
a little swim and we saw that crazy
snake anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow
for the big gig peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
