well it's another beautiful day I've had
a very chilled morning
and I'm now heading into town to have a
little coffee with Louie the go a new
sort my drinks out there
I just got coffee with Louie and he's
just walking down the road to these
trees where all the fruit bats roost up
during the day you can hear them
screeching in the background I show you
guys
let's go down for local ball we're gonna
happen our gang the pool see if I can
bring my skills until
saliva good game
well Louie is well and truly crushing me
hook they all need a lot more practice
to cool as well I suck at bowling I
stuck a pole basically all fools for I
can't stop now I need to help my game to
be all that for again
in on sunshine she's come
anytime
we're just taking a little stroll down
the marina and Louie showed me this
it's croc spotting tours that you can do
on jet skis let's see what risky right
it's dinner time it stopped off at a
Korean barbecue place so it's pretty
awesome
well I'll drop Lily back it's been a few
hours
I've just been chilling in my camper van
and guys it is very hot I'm sorry if
it's discussing like how sweaty I am
this is mental but I'm just catching up
with some friends back in the UK have me
some deep and meaningful conversations
on Facebook and the edge of figuring
some stuff out really in the sweltering
heat every time I feel too hot I'm like
what is the alternative being back in
England in freezing cold no thank you
so I'm more than happy to sit here in
the sauna that is my camper van right
now well I'm probably gonna go for a
little wandering a bit see if I can find
something fun to do this evening let's
go pending board late-night - any board
around camp
the streets are pretty good at skating
out there
it is so nice skating around at night
because there's barely any traffic on
the roads well I'm back at the camp
event there's a fun little skate and I
got back just in time as actually
started raining
hopefully it's not raining tomorrow for
Australia Day don't really know quite
what to expect for Australia Day but it
needs to be quite good I'm gonna take a
little drive now and find switz Park up
because I'll probably get in trouble for
parking so central in town right I've
driven down the road found a cheeky
little parking spot and before I go to
bed I've got a big announcement to make
for those of you that don't know who
moved join the channel recently me Steve
and Jake have just gone back to England
we have our own clothing line called
find the nomads it's been going since
last summer and for those you that have
been keeping up-to-date we've sold out
of all our previous items of clothing
and we are about to relaunch with a
whole new stuff clothing if you were
paying attention a few weeks ago we did
a photoshoot in Byron Bay we were
keeping a little bit secretive about it
Ochs we don't give away all the new
designs and stuff but the time is
drawing near where we'll be launching
everything and as we draw near to that
time we are actually launching a
competition to give you one of you guys
the opportunity to get a hundred-pound
voucher to spend on the finer Nomad site
when we relaunch um basically this is
the this is the competition this is to
find the nomads Instagram account you
guys should all go and follow that keep
up to date with the latest things going
on so basically the competition is the
competition is if you've ordered one of
the previous to find the Nomad t-shirts
we want you to put that t-shirt on maybe
get a friend to take some cool photos of
you styling it well
looking sharp and everyday we're gonna
pick the a daily winner
that's styled the t-shirt the best
that's taken the best photos and we're
going to re Instagram your photo the end
of the week after the seven entries
we're going to take all of those look
for and pick a winner and that winner
gets the hundred pounds out to two using
the site so it's just a bit of fun I get
you guys involved and yeah you should go
and do that right now if you have a
t-shirt go and go and enter right I'm
actually really excited about showing
you guys what we've been up to but
you'll have to wait a bit longer
cool I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
