it's 5:30 in the morning this is the
second time in the last few days we've
got up just to see the Sun Rise and I am
shattered again I only got like one or
two hours sleep max I don't know what's
going on but we're all up today and
we're going to see the Taj Mahal I have
my ticket for the Taj Mahal like we
found out we cannot take tripods in
she's going to hinder on how good shot
swing get the doors are just opened
there's a mass of people going in and
then and jacket to run off to put the
tripod somewhere
I thought we came here at 6:00 in the
morning to be relatively quiet but
there's lots of people here I think
those people here may be not competitive
other times but what we're trying to do
is wander down to find a shot where the
sun's rising behind charge for half lift
this army guy with an actual gun just
chilling ready to shoot someone
that monkey did not like me just got
attacked by monkey that's crazy I'm
about to get a mosque so I had to put on
these shoe covers as a sign of respect
so inside the main Taj Mahal
not let's take photos but in sending out
video
guys we got enough cameras here yeah no
we don't we don't yeah you want to be a
member of the sunrise was a bit of a
disappointment but the Taj Mahal
beautiful amazing piece of architecture
I think it's time to probably head back
to the hotel and get some more sleep
look at these bats flying around look at
them all bats everywhere
we are back and we're going to get some
breakfast so Max's forgot about is Tonya
w mug got a whole bottle take British
we're considering I got an hours sleep
last night I'm gonna take a few hours
now to nap that was an amazing sleep I
feel very refreshed chicken burgers have
arrived Breaking Bad me and we'll just
watch the latest episode of Breaking Bad
ah it's so mental it's so crazy
I don't even know what to think about
life anymore and back in reality we are
going to a marketplace going to maybe
buy some cool Indian clothes and pimp
out the tuk tuks a little bit so we're
going to head over there now
we've arrived at clothing store get some
outfits Indian outfit okay to leave that
position is very happy with this this is
why I've been looking for my higher so
don't knock typical island however
Ben's got matching matching outfit to me
would be found there max hey I've got
when they look over your ears or is that
right oh yeah like that with a song
Sonny's as well
I found this I'm pretty confident so
I've gone for pink top green hairband
and the blue trousers yeah don't look
good I think I look kind of Bollywood
this shop has made a lot of money off us
today a lot of money a really good day
shopping that was amazing I'm very happy
with my purchase some of the boys and I
want to get some bling some rings and
stuff still gonna pop into this shop
look at this peak Ganesh taking it all
some meditation bar go up to the market
now to look at some handmade stuff
so News has found the stone and he has
someone on the other line Hey
I check out
Oh
Oh
Oh
look at Jack pick a jack pack you are
absolutely covered I cannot believe what
just happened me and Jack he literally
got covered in this powder whilst we
were like dancing down the streets of
this music there's a statue of Ganesha
it was all a bit mental and then it was
just over like that about one minute
mayhem
we've been resting up we've now got into
our costumes our Indian costumes and
we're going to get some dinner and it's
really exciting we are literally like
less than three hundred dollars away
from hitting our 10 $100,000 hundred
thousand dollar fundraising target
teenagers across yeah although we were
just meditating together and I've lost
my marbles
we're all quite excited on target
tonight
there's and generalize make a little
speech here right now we're just over a
week into our prior campaign in which
we're trying to raise awareness and
money for Teenage Cancer Trust and today
currently we are on ninety nine thousand
eight hundred and seventeen dollars
raised fourteen accounts trust our goal
is $100,000
the Internet's being slowed so far we
have raised one hundred thousand nine
hundred and twenty when we went to
launch the campaign I think we knew we
had an idea that it would get some sport
by net but I had no idea that in such a
short amount of time as so many people
get behind the campaign it genuinely
makes me feel so proud of all my
community
so we are just sitting in our room we've
celebrated hitting $100,000 on the
fundraising campaign and we decided what
better way to celebrate and do a you now
from India and it's been working really
really well that they're doing you now
hello everyone and we actually stay
outside from for most of the broadcast
we just come inside now just to get away
from the mosquitos and stuff well what
an eventful day I'm still buzzing off
reaching our target even in the last
couple of hours since we reached it it's
now at 102 thousand dollars we very so
it's mind-blowing but we are leaving
tomorrow we're leaving Agra I don't know
where we're going next but we're getting
on the top talks all the talks are being
fixed up and ready to roll and I want to
get some sleep I'm going to jump in the
shower first and get some this orange
dust off me and then I'm going to sleep
catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life little adventure
you
