good morning guys it's about half 4:00
in the morning and I actually haven't
slept from yesterday yet but I thought
I'd pick up from yesterday's vlog where
if you didn't watch it had an amazing
day and my friend Mike and Elle's
wedding filmed it all for them and then
whilst dropping them in the hotel
stopped to help a hedgehog out of the
road and drops the SD card so I am now
back out on the hunt to try and find
that SD card and hopefully save from
losing quite a lot of the wedding
footage I filmed so kind of panicking
trying to stay calm but also on this
mission and I think I found the spot
where I saved the Hedgehog this looks
familiar so I just pulled over I'm going
to a little look around
thankfully I've got quite powerful torch
so I feel like it's something around
here and I feel like an SD card would be
quite visible in the road one of the
problems is a lot of these roads looks
very very similar and it's not there's
not much to distinguish them from one
another it could be anywhere along here
or it could be nowhere near here so the
only other place that the SD card
could've dropped on my shirt was when I
dropped my candles at the hotel okay
even though it's almost 5:00 in the
morning like I'm tiptoe into the
driveway and see this drawer somewhere
unfortunately no luck I think at the
beginning of things like this with is a
problem and I've got a few potential
solutions in my head like I'm like yeah
it's probably that of that once you've
kind of exhausted those potentials
that's when it starts dawning on you or
familiarly ray that I might not be able
to find the solution or solve the
problem but and then you give up hope
and it's kind of all a bit stack it at
the moment I still think my focus line
where I say bedrug get the SD dot I
stopped off at the next potential spot
it all looks so similar good thing is
these roads are pretty empty so if I did
drop on a road it's probably still on
the road after over two hours of
searching and slowly crawling along the
road shining my torch
I've given up - be hard
I might have one further look inside the
car I guess it dropped out my pocket
here but that is okay
Cinda laughing - you guys don't heed
lest enlarging your top of it and don't
try to rescue hedgehogs when you're
storing SD card in little pocket all
right let me get some sleep and I'll
continue the vlogging in the morning
morning sing again okay let's start the
day again it's now 10:00 a.m. so I've
had like maybe four and a half hours
sleep got woken up to someone walking up
to the van asking if I lost an SD card
last night when I get up and I was like
yeah but I thought it drops on the road
because it that's why I did that whole
mission this morning early try and find
it anyway turns out I dropped it here
and it's been recovered
someone found it like sitting over there
somewhere I guess the drops on my pocket
earlier so I've got the SD card guys and
all of the driving around the missioning
I did earlier yeah it's pays off it's
paid off I don't even mind
I literally own the mind that I wasted
hours trying to find it
the fact that we found it I'm just so
happy so if it's a good start to the day
yeah I'm relieved all we need to do now
is one of the guys is going to be
editing the main video he needs all my
footage and I've got probably I reckon
least 200 Giga footage to give him so
very good chance very good morning Mike
you'd enjoy your wedding yesterday okay
it's so good right well the best ever
yeah yeah right yeah oh that's great
that's suck if you do and now all the
tents have been taken down pretty much
really good
and everyone's getting ready to leave
I'm just dumping like 300 gigabytes of
birds yesterday I think it might be time
to head off if they've done a good job
of clearing up so far half of the guests
have already left and we need to head
now because we need to drop the van back
in Paris and then jump in with Stephen
Alexia in their car back to the UK still
let guys congratulations right time to
hit the road
Paris here we come we're going to join
Andy and you just up there
can I come by them
this is a really beautiful little town
that's net because we just literally
poured over mr. lunch and we were
debating whether to stop at a service
stations or drive into the town centre
hope you boys lunch has arrived we
managed to find of the Menu key for that
medium
Danya oh yes happy Baqi oh that looks so
good
merci beaucoup
before we jump back on the road me and
naturally are going to go on it will be
fillion carousel we're going on this
carousel I think it's a little kid but
we've been eyeing it up the entire time
we've been having lunch so we're going
to jump up well-wishing should we go on
like one of these like horse up and down
horthy okay which one do want to go I
want to go on the outside one going to
do I hope this one actually goes up and
down
you enjoyed that oh but we're actually
getting some freezer
we go in that little look at your bitmap
Oh oh you're gonna tear a place down on
face miss clapping cheers and it will
always stress them
so we're parting ways with this lot
we're going to go meet our Steve and
Alexia and hopefully jump in with them
need to return this to Paris to let a
guy that's about me okay so we've
arrived in Paris we've dropped off the
rental van and timed it perfectly
Steven elective just arrived they were
driving up and I think they had some
stuff to film to Steve and yes we're
just come jumping with them Steve how's
your day been very good man I'm a little
bit Drive doubt I think throat I was got
stuck in some bad traffic feeling it
it's um I'm worried about whether we're
going to make their crossing or not
basically yeah because I think when did
you originally built like 9:00 at 9:10
p.m. and the last one is around 11:00
that call Park 11 and currently that
nurse is going to get there at 26
minutes got them so they need you to
ball it probably like 11 or like act
forward to any other problem we've got a
shaved half an hour's pointing the rag
time
like that like that like that like that
like that like that like that like that
and now we Steve Alexei had a a ticket
booked for trained under the tunnel
under the tunnel through the tunnel
under the channel I have only done it
once loading before rather than the
ferry but anyway we're pretty late but
it is apparently delayed so we're just
going to see whether they we can still
down the Train
if not we've got a back-up plan to go on
the ferry I saw only on the trains it's
way fast I like a five-minute bits an
hour and 40 days
so you make good time though
mathematically you manage to simply look
at this variable when we got here in the
early town and get maybe they were out
start family joining now we're all going
getting to the UK but they all work the
costing within an hour and a half later
Larry Larry and we at least we made at
that time they one two and a half hours
yeah lucky we rush and while you're
gonna have to party dreams are so happy
all a little coffee actually movin on
down choir getting any cab ever for you
guys we're just having a little piece
before our train look at this this is in
Calais 56 make up I'm just going to be
like YouTube video upload done I'm going
to do that those can load yeah we were
on the train how great is this guys are
just not moving so it's sitting in the
cars chillin and then we're actually
moving because I let window about go
onto the sea and as I see Oh
under the sea darling it's better down
where it's wetter take you from me she
fights back fight back
all right back yes guys maybe does a
long travel day Tuesday night yeah
dinner well it's been a long day it's
good to be back in the UK I'm very
relieved managed to recover the footage
and that John who owns the whole venue
barn where we were celebrating Mike's
wedding last couple of days I'm happy
that he found the card and I'm still not
entirely sure where he found it but I'm
glad he did and yeah it's it's been
really really cool I haven't edited any
of the footage yet but I'm sure by the
time you're watching this you would have
watched yesterday's as well basically
I'm really behind a mud logs again guys
I've been falling into doing too much
and not having time to edit and signing
up super late I have to do things so
I'll try and get back on the back up to
date for when me and JP start prepping
in the US with the plane and getting
fuel tank fitted and you know getting
the plane customized for the trip so I'm
hoping that those be going out real time
and I really want to be updating you
guys as close to real time as possible
when I go out next week so yeah I will
catch you tomorrow yeah it's going to be
just just over a week now potentially I
think if yet just over a week till I
leave to the US so I've got a few things
to sort out and yeah and off on the
biggest adventure I've ever been on
catching the morning peace out enjoy
your life live adventure
