hey guys I'm Zoe
I'm from sunny Australia and you're
watching fun flowy well I actually slept
really well in the campervan last night
it's quite warm but I like warm weather
so it's all good
it was raining a little bit it is the
wet season in Cannes right now and but
it's the first time I'm seeing it
raining and I'm on my way to get my
dreads recan have done twisted and stuff
and the guy who's doing it turns out his
name is Louie team spelt the same way as
me so can't wait to meet him right I'm
Ryan's to get my dreads done this guy's
Lily he's going to be twisting the
dreads and showing me some new
techniques and it's gonna take quite a
few hours so he better get cracking
all right sir all finished up lose them
a really good job you guys should go and
check out his his Facebook page he's a
he's probably gonna post the photos in
here of the finished job and yeah this
is uh this is probably the best my dress
has been in years they have been really
flying in the back use this little
crochet tour just gonna teach me up
today
till I keep them they a lot of you said
they get super fluffy sometimes in a
video say I've not even be enough that's
awesome Louie such a great guy I don't
meet ever many other people could do it
boss let's get my dreads done there was
a crazy thunderstorm it was mad and he
was chucking it down rain and it's only
just let up but it could be a wet few
days I didn't really account for this so
get back into town
and I'm gonna go check out this coffee
shop with heard a lot about caffeine and
there's a slight graffiti alleyway for
this amazing contraption
yeah
all that looks like a lovely latte I got
an interesting Jeff and easy kind of
lunch like seaweed and noodles and stuff
I'm gonna test this out looks kind of
cool
well it's afternoons like these that
makes me wish there coffee shops and
cafes in Australia by phone all day
because they always shutter me where I
must Lester chill for the afternoon
because it's raining very good food in
that place they excellent coffee
definitely going to go back there well
I'm still seeing here trying to figure
out what do you do in the rain when you
live in a camper van what do you do I
don't know I've discovered that these
camper vans are actually perfect for
chillin and watching movies and so I'm
just chilling in the back here waiting
for the rain to pass for noon well I
feel massively rested and I've been
invited out to
place it an embolic with Toronto friends
discounts and we're then gonna maybe
grab some food then watch a movie or
something kind of things you can do it
rains
here we are bowling
yes it's done
and with Arantxa hey how's your day
alright let's uh it's gonna see if
there's any room to bowl wow this is
busy right a half an hour before our
slots Bowl and we've come for this local
pub and we're gonna get some food with
quite hungry Thanks
got some chicken schnitzel or actually
got some fish and chips
our artist told me she used to play in a
bowling league at the case so I could be
screwed here I can be relatively screwed
yeah
you
shut three strikes now ready go
it's not the competitiveness that I'm
annoyed that I'm losing this
it's the frustration of knowing that I
want to get all the pins down with all
and they're not doing that why can take
all those things in my book from 20
points ahead so you need two strikes
I need to severely improve my following
skills how's it feel to be a double
winner yeah
well the rain hasn't stopped as you can
see I'm soaking wet I'm parked up for
the night and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
