hi I'm Isaac from the beautiful Sonoma
County California in the United States
of America and you're watching fun for
Louie enjoy good morning today is a
beautiful day
very unexpected the weather forecast
that is going to rain and we are hanging
out in our Villa we're staying in the
Chianti resort up in the hills of Italy
and today we're going to be chilling out
in the morning and then I think we're
going to be going to a vineyard this
afternoon apparently the best vineyard
in the world and the boys are going to
be doing some wine tasting how you doing
today Alfie good man much needed sleep
like so much
i septal a half past eleven which was
good
something good I love to leave do you
guys love sleep I love sleep sniffs at
the best day so good and then we are in
the lobby trying to get internet and got
full laptop lot going on now guys the
heavens have opened is it what excited
to get to taste some wine yeah y'all go
head wrong these chocolate our brain is
like at some thunderstorm as well it's
man
so our guide is Julia she's going to
show us around the winery today hey hey
the temperature you're inside is quite
cool because but it's totally natural
this is important so she was just saying
in the other room where the barrels are
it's supposed to be kept silent and dark
because to the owners of this place
it's like a spiritual thing and it's
like a sacred area the wine and the
ancillary decide is 15 years ago to to
build this this one
she just said this is the date the
family first start making wine 26
generations of winemaking for it sounds
good
delicious delicious
delicious
delicious
guys it's got molten chocolate in the
middle yes probably did this robbery now
we go there often and I can look so good
that's a cream skin oh yeah the wine is
produced in a nature let's use your net
wine now the headquarter is in one Hill
into the county classical area so far
from the boutique and something too
close maybe to the marketing but close
to the nature so one of these vats can
hold 82,000 bottles of wine for that
chemistry jar
haha so we've now walked through to the
Museum of the vineyard that thing's all
these like old artifacts from their
family what do you think of this
experience Troy absolutely this is what
the guys are now selecting a wine take
home
delicious guys look at this ridiculous
stay away this is just so extravagant so
so extravagant well the weather
definitely cleared up today is a
beautiful evening we're about to grab
some dinner before heading into Florence
go for a swim toilet never oh yeah are
you going for a swim Alfie yeah I'm up
for it yeah if you guys are ready
another amazing night nearly just I said
with finish dinner we're all getting
dressed up for a night out in Florence
that's where we are Florence
we've arrived in Florence and we are
going for a little wander finding fun
food
Casper's really excited alright there's
some event in Florence on tonight
called white night I don't know what it
is but there's tons of people here
thanks Cheers
Casper just going take out coffee or
survive at the same time
so we're strolling into the other
section of Flores we hear this weird
noise going on over here it's like epic
low rumbling and there's like a
performance going on over on the stage
in front of this big building
so guys they're doing that live music to
this movie that's played on this
projector la la vie is that is that's
why matches Winston Churchill
Wow
we found this random like crazy for the
movers in like a raise laser show
it's ice cream time we're on one plane
by every chocoholic like you know what
that looks like
so as Marcus just got brain freeze and
we were just having a conversation what
is brain freeze way to get brain freeze
then you'll know the science behind
there
right we back up a little villa and
gonna get some rest
that was such a unexpected treat going
into Florence tonight seeing the city
full of people and parties and all that
tomorrow we're going to have a better
look around at the sea some of the
architecture some of the amazing views
and beauty and then on to Rome tomorrow
night catch guys then peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
