hello everybody my name is pontus I'm
from Sweden and you're watching funk
Balu in Jordan Oh guys I slept so well
last night I just let out like a light
so good and look how beautiful today is
compared to yesterday today it's gonna
be a good day oh you know you know
morning guys how did everyone sleep chit
cheers yeah guys do you eat the skin on
the Kiwi ge-chan oh yeah so good yeah
oh no drivers down checks out about the
head off a next location especi up thank
you a beautiful coastal village with
like colourful
it's going to be spectacular guys this
is an Italian car Fiat 500 I really want
one of these
look how awesome they look I don't think
I'd fit in it you're in the spec seer
and we are looking for these bright
colorful buildings and the weather is
great and we're gonna get comfy and
we're all happy it's gonna be amazing
how you doing the place I always get
nervous ruffle a few warrants up for us
but we're getting on a train we're going
to find these beautiful buildings and
we're getting any copy we just have a
little snack that were jumping on the
train I just got some very good news
guys
so Matteo one of the guys would have
Lucy's friends I met in LA he's hooked
us up
he's Italian holistic he's hooked us up
with somewhere to stay the next couple
of nights near Florence in the mountains
in a vineyard and he's also potentially
hooked us up with it Spa tomorrow and
wine tasting in the afternoon and then
they're putting on a meal for us in the
evening so I'm very excited very excited
very excited you're very excited Detroit
I'm so excited I'm gonna get a massage
the point where I'm like jelly
yeah who's that I need that so bad right
now
so we've arrived in for now so I think
that's how you pronounce it and we are
going for a little stroll to fondant
seafront and Wow JC's beautiful guys
this food fish
this place is so beautiful stunning you
just get soaked in joy oh my gosh let me
see I love these kilo alleyway to say
very Mediterranean where we go we're
trying to find at the restaurant right
now we just keep all color steps
how beautiful is this guy's so so good
guys have all done these upstairs check
this out and it's like underground
dungeon again there yeah I should get in
I love places the place so much to
explore
that's a serious lunch either how is it
our fee that's really good Wow just
looking being a knife choose open or you
can you finger the heart minute got her
first we have finished lunch had a
little coffee and now we're walking up
to get a better view of this incredible
little town we're in and this is
actually quite an iconic view of these
colorful buildings tower I'm excited
right we're heading off the next stage
of the road trip we're heading to Pisa
leaning tap Pisa as roll we've just
arrived the Leaning Tower of Pisa turn
the corner and boom there is lm8 can you
see it one key that is I love Italian
architecture look at sick boom or I
decided I'm going to do a back
somersault like I did in front of the
Taj Mahal and Ellery do one in front of
the Leaning Tower did everyone get good
in strand photos all happy oh I feel
like one that's so big that I write you
might to up your height talk too much I
freaked out that I just doing it what I
wanted Leaning Tower of Pisa
done what cheers Marcus cheers bro road
trip drivers and in black Marcus getting
into some coffee there this is the first
day I've ever had I hope this my
sickness wrestler is this the first time
we've had a cold yeah yeah we mini this
for months
yeah Cheers
it's people that it's so good I feel
your back great weather as well as
maintain amazing hygiene my toys what
you're looking forward to the next
couple of days roll right we're gonna
we're gonna have a gladiator fight in
the Coliseum
but we have arrived at this place we're
staying tonight and the other cars got
lost but I'm sure they'll be with us
very shortly we've checked in we've got
to look at our rooms and we're now
heading to e apparently quite a fancy
restaurant
we are in the middle of nowhere and
we've arrived at this very nice
restaurant for for a meal this evening
this looks so Hannibal I represent
Friday yeah belated birthday meal
you
I am I'm very tired we've had a full-on
day I was gonna freak out what'd you
think in the mail Marcus honestly like I
don't need that much question anymore
but that was the best faster that I've
ever had in my life then I birthday
would you then yeah that I would second
that definition incredible it weren't
we're back in the apartments for tonight
and I cannot get over how amazing today
it's been it's been awesome just flippin
awesome and I am shattered now from
driving and from taking it all in and
I'm gonna get some sleep
and we can have a bit of a chill day
tomorrow I'll catch you there
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
