you watch this video
forgot hey you like to see me you can
see loads of hugs and kisses
mostly first see them please subscribe
to Louie so you can really add to my
channel my name tell me are you watching
good morning guys
today we are leaving Milan it's my
birthday we celebrated and then 10
midnight last night I'm sure we're gonna
be celebrating small today and I'm going
down to the lobby to meet everyone I got
to leave the hotel
morning guys right we've made it we've
made a plan these guys gonna chill here
for it maybe do some sightseeing me and
Marcus gonna go to the airport and try
and find some cars hopefully one big car
but probably two cars start our road
trip or we get all rental cars we
decided we were hungry so I found a
sushi place you guys excited to see
sushi
yes oh yeah I just nailed my curry dish
how good's curry - healthy so good those
are the smallest kick advice are they
really good ended up with some sushi
even though I didn't order any this is
called Tiger sushi well it's not the
nicest weather today you got there rainy
and we're strolling down to check this
car in your place before we go to be
able because it's a bit of mission to
get there
we're gonna clear they've got any cars
here
I'm getting a bit wet
box has got an umbrella well we managed
to rent two cars similar to this station
wagons and we're gonna get a cab to the
airport don't go no idea would have been
better to get a bus or a minibus or
something but we're gonna work with it
it's not a lot of driving this week I
think it's only seven hours right we're
just filling in all the paperwork to get
the cars what did they just tell you
about Naples where the cars like he's
like yeah we don't know because they get
stolen so I was like oh is it safe he's
like I mean I wouldn't really advise
going there's an element of danger to a
trip Nick just got me a coffee thanks
Nick we're going to the parking complex
to find our rental car we're totally
lost and there's this really weird music
play
having no idea where we are we're on our
way back to the hotel and we got
separated from Marcus and Casper and
I've got so used to driving automatics I
keep stealing this this manual also
driving in Italy is a bit of a nightmare
I realized already their eyes don't make
any sense back at the hotel Marcus and
Casper managed to find their way back as
well we've laid a lot of bags into their
cars and we've got one more diesel to
make before we head towards Genoa is
Troy left his cards the restaurant last
night we need to go have a good journey
back South Africa thanks thank you ready
to roll our fee yeah Alfie Alfie and
where where are we heading Troy right
now hey sir did you know I know but
before that dinner no I'm scared there
may be back in cash but I left my credit
card at the restaurant so the entire
crew has to come with me to the
restaurant to go pick it up such a mess
cool it's a fun mission
the other car has gone ahead to Genoa
and way around we're finally out of
Milan and we're getting some Italian
pigs gonna get some drinks really drinks
oh I might have a cheeky little red book
the guys somehow this came to 50 years
mixed everyone against try make sorry
want to get snacks yeah let's just give
it to the super let's go to Little
Italy
we have arrived in Genoa and we're
getting a lot bags into our rooms is
that much set you know - no need
Jenova Genoa over Janette tonight no no
these are my how do you say - no this
way
hi this dance okay there's so many cool
mountains and amazing section it's happy
inducing FiOS darling stuff it's mine
probably driving tonight
yeah guys check the screw him out oh I
think I might push this back together
Oh sleeps so good tonight guys you know
I haven't slept since 11 p.m. last night
I've been up for almost 24 hours and I
just done like a tune a half hour drive
but first it's food time is very tight
I'm so hungry
these boys are off to bed tonight guys
how was your risotto now I got you
really good all right see in the morning
night right back in my room and I'm
really happy guys that I've got a an
actual desk and desk chair to sit on
tonight and my back's been really
hurting so this is gonna be so good
I was hunched over last night trying to
edit and I've got like such tight
muscles I really need a full body
massage which I'm gonna make happen in
the next couple of days all right I'm
gonna probably pick a little coffee
before before I sleep and then tomorrow
we've got a full day of sightseeing yes
if the weather holds up it's gonna be
pretty stunning pretty beautiful so I'll
see you guys then peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
