hey what's up I'm Nicole and you're
watching fun free Louie boom
right I've got my coffee we are off to
collect some supplies for a video camera
with grace today and we're running a
little bit late as usual
so I've decided to let you guys in and
what me and Gracie filming today we're
learning how to tie dye so he's walked
in I was like oh we're never gonna find
all this stuff
and there's like pre-made kits it's
blank t-shirts this is all so I'm
actually really excited about it I
cannot remember the last night I didn't
think everyone was like hey you ready to
make a tie-dye t-shirt listen this is
not something I made I want our listen I
was like twelve Sunday's 2002 it had out
was not an it's 2014 we're in Hollywood
tie-dyed we're gonna make it we have
arrived at Lucy's and grace is here hey
and Lucy's just talking us through how
this tie-dye stuff works is that real
tight either but it says each truth and
I thought it was hilarious
then Gracie filming a video it's gonna
be very exciting what we feel me well
you feel me we're filming a talk back to
Tuesday and Louise gonna try and praise
some people out there on Twitter and
Tumblr and YouTube cool
yeah yeah save it for my video okay
we're now behind the scenes for a
graceless video to the behind the scenes
who's Sarah doing principal camera work
lucy has made Brussels sprouts and
they're very good crispy shout out Lucy
thanks grace is heading off C late grace
that was fun so all the men have gotten
shirtless and Syria and I will now do
our own tie-dye it's pretty exciting how
you start to swirl okay thank you
she's crazy I have no idea what she's
doing this Oh see you're enjoying hosing
Lucy down yeah this is fine I love
poking off girls
we have finished tie-dyeing filming
having fun and we're now going to grab a
late lunch
we've come into pet by pieces there's a
new piece up that says Ghost Pepper I'm
gonna try out some more I understand
going there is one of the hottest
Chili's in the world it can't be that
hot there is a foosball table at this
restaurant this is going well guys we've
uh we've fixed the green girl that fell
off so now we've got a good to go sure
the funny thing is Lucy's so competitive
she's genuinely angry right now
how's the piece of art it's a victory
pizza and then count how many high five
victory pizza why'd you guys we've left
Lucy she's going out tonight we may meet
up with her later on and we are heading
over to Sawyer's to hang out with the
guys for a little bit
soy is having a big rearrange in his
house because Joey's moved out recently
Hayden hitch you did all right oh this
is is looking pretty awesome he's
putting a big cityscape yeah check this
out guys
this is it it's a big poster he's gonna
put on there where we going so at the
hardware store because I just tried to
mix self adhesive and I poured all of it
at once so apparently it turned into
like a cement ball where all the stuff
inside is still dry yeah
we have left the house and we are trying
out Sawyer's new little quadrocopter
we're gonna do some cool filming with it
I'm excited about this see what's going
on through this screen real time can
barely say guys is this load up there
alright that's a crane shot that never
ends
that was awesome dice amazing that was
so much fun we're now stopping off for a
little coffee
we're now chilling back at Sawyer's I've
been sitting this massless chair for
hours watching wolf of Wall Street some
of you guys never walk step it is well
you're doing well it's been like four
hours but finally the wall is done
Sawyer's is finishing the final corner I
am back home and like you're skyping
it's Stephan bed hi how you guys doing
yeah I'll be back in a couple of days
yeah it Dalia hey yo yeah man I'm just
chillin in LA what I'm sorry I'll be
back in two days I haven't built my
flights yet but don't worry about that I
peace out guys peace out yeah wow that
was nice talking to Ben and Steve I
cannot wait see when I get back to
England they said they'll pick me up
from the airport I actually don't know
what day I'm flying yet but you know
that next couple of days all right I'm
gonna head to bed I catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
