what up everybody
my name is Rodney Rock I'm from the San
Francisco Bay Area and you're watching
fun for Louie boom good morning guys I
have been working on boy Edwin's being
Cannella
is that right well they're beans and the
cheese is called vanilla early lettuce
and oh the cheese is good for the land
achieve it and it is it a Tucker for
jebraw do you know in Mexico we don't
really say burritos at all but it's
bigger than taco to quickly thanks men
oh I'm drinking big time oh oh my runway
okay second attempt
all right me and Sierra's gone for
little walk and I found this
hairdressers that sir that can redo the
basis of my dreadlocks and they're going
to twist in all the loose hair and meet
my hair up so it's always good to tie it
down with at least a scarf or something
so you can not get so much frizzy so
soon
I've had all this products per my hair
I've never had products on my dad
knowledgeable and now I'm sitting in one
of these like hair drying machines but
this is so awesome
I'm really intrigued how could basically
going to look I think they're going to
be so neat so it's been about an hour
and 30 minutes Louise been chilling over
there with his hair drying they just put
some hairspray in there and it's still
drying but it's gonna be done in 10
minutes
I'm excited he's never had this much
product to his hair before
so my hairs all done what you reckon
gosh I've never had a dismay sorry if I
had to feel smaller so my head looks
good anyway wish we're coming in too low
peak supposed to get something you
hungry work albro I smash this entire
Peter wait we've got large mirrors
Royer thoughts into the republic of pi
has get our coffee for the day and as we
get our coffee bumped into Michael and
Nathan and we met a playlist two years
ago and he informed me he's like old you
know rusty whose mother bring these
performing tonight and here he is is
just getting on stage now so we decided
to stick around to check out a couple of
his chains
Oh
it's really
you are you
please
so guys this is rusty you met him a
couple of times
playlist last year New York when we
doing digi betting there yeah well and
maybe maybe a couple other times but you
need to go check out music or Lincoln
below
well how's life man posting up West
Coast you know how it is you know yeah
stupid surprise yeah yeah so random
coming in in today and soon and Wilson
Lucy's arrived to pick us up hey we're
going on an adventure we're going on a
trip to Malibu we're gonna be staying in
this house and maybe doing some cool
diving and swimming tomorrow and what we
doing tonight cards against humanity oh
yeah I don't know what that is but
apparently it's a hot some days were so
that you are acceptable playin Arthur
we have arrived we are right at the
beach you calmly see it's pitch black
but the sea is just there in the world
or a camo diving suit fishing rod spear
fishing
it's awesome the jacuzzis here and the
seas just there oh hello stocked fridge
of amazing drinks Oh
what I don't mind if I do thank you
right strolling over to the hot tub
what's this we have over here the
lighter was broken but I got it started
bro
yes this is in less than five minutes
I'm excited
can we just order Thai food what this is
incredible yes
come on this is so deep
we've jumped out a hot tub temporarily
we've ordered Thai food and foot so
excited baby because ahead to you what
good stuff Oh
tonight is turning out to be a pretty
awesome night you got these are these we
got a hot tub
we've got Beach right there we're late
we're laying under the stars amazing
stuff we get sexy shirtless men look at
us yeah see what you're done bro I
started an indoor fire I thought it
would be nice to just you know kind of
come in after the jacuzzi chill rolling
couch so say is the fire starter I'm the
fire starter twisted firestarter boom
boom
Oh marshmallows is what guys we just got
back in and look how pruning my fingers
are I think we've been in that hot Sapa
like three hours anymore I don't know
everyone's gone to bed it's been an
amazing day and we've got loads of fun
stuff laughs tomorrow I'll see you guys
then peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
