yeah but general Gua alkylation a
bombshell quite neat shortcut fun for
Lloyd Wright we've just dropped the
bikes off at the rental place and what a
crazy night last night I only got about
four hours sleep and we almost got
charged with staying an extra day at the
youth hostel Lucas we checked out really
late I still haven't had breakfast
you're going to go back there and a
breakfast now we've checked out we've
had a bit of breakfast and we've left
our main luggage here because tonight we
are going on a boat trip to an island
and we're camping it apparently goodbye
youth hostel you've treated as well
let's roll you feeling any better today
Steve not really
by shooting video today so I've got feel
good okay how you feeling this morning
Rachel I'm a bit sore and I didn't get
very much sleep Oh what are we gonna do
what are we gonna do with you eh go and
get a coffee is a great idea let's go so
today we come back to salvage and this
is Dan's cafe you guys met him before I
think so we've been filming some cool
interviews with Dan for Steve's video
yeah and now they've just served up some
sweet looking food but let these petals
I can't touch it yet okay sorry
this is so good bro look at this stuff
man
Bookman they're made for me look man I'm
going to buy something so Rachel's
dropped us off at the war for me about
to catch a ferry to convert to Island
and we're all buzzing on the caffeine on
coffee like where we've been doin too
much though it's very good
so we've arrived on Cockatoo Island and
we've been hooked up with these sweet
tents yeah let's have a little look
inside so this is Murray hello he trusts
yeah he's from the harvest trust he's
gonna be showing us around the island a
little bit and it started raining a tiny
bit so I dunno how long we'll be outside
but this is this is fascinating already
this looks like a really cool place so
we're just gonna find out a bit more
about it
kappa thailand originally started off as
a convict prison around 1839 government
get set it up as a convict prison and it
replaced norfolk island which was where
secondary offending prisoners were sent
to so the worst of the worst came in
copper to ireland and it was a prison
right through until around the 1860s and
but in between they decided they needed
a Dockyard to encourage Royal Navy to
berth their ships and protect the colony
so that's why they built the Fitzroy
dock and then it gradually developed as
a Dockyard and so throughout the 20th
century it became Australia's leading
arm maritime Dockyard the aim is to sort
of maximize public access to the site
maintain the heritage of the site but
also set up businesses make it a light
alive as a site the Murray was just
saying that this was the convict
barracks and hundreds of stayed in this
place
hundreds well that would be pretty
cramped this place is fascinating lot of
history here whoa
oh I want a warehouse this big
so in this warehouse area we were just
told x-men origins was filmed Wolverine
do you guys recognizing this set for
your lair Jake sweetheart show Pam
mushrooms and honors
gorgeous my guy super spicy
oh dear Wolle where are we man we're in
the educational center on Cockatoo
Island and we got laptop Club gonna man
yes bro I ejected gymnast
that's technique mmm so we're nearing
the end of lap top Club and I think
we're all going to get an early night
tonight because we need to need to
recuperate a little bit Steve needs to
get better and we've got days ahead of
adventures and driving and all sorts day
I think if we rest now it'll be good
right before I go to bed um I just
wanted a little bit of an explore
because we walked round earlier and I
saw these cool tunnels so I thought I
wanted to come and check them out guys
look in there I really want to go in
there
I wanted to come back here at night
because when we're getting on tour
earlier the guy said that this is known
to be a haunted prison like some of the
prison barracks there's like spooky
stuff going on
so I kind of wanted her have a bit of an
explorer around alright it's got really
dark now I found the house that he
pointed out earlier was haunting the
inside
none of the doors are open ah well this
haunted house is pretty secure I just
really want to go in hello oh well I'm
back my tent I didn't find any ghosts
but that was uh that's a lot of fun
it's neat snooping around the prison
area I'm gonna get some sleep still
quite early it's about midnight and
tomorrow we're picking up our hippie
camper vans and I think we're starting a
road trip up the coast
ah all right peace out enjoy life
live the adventure boom
