hey guys in Bella from New York and
you're watching Fanta Lily hey guys this
afternoon
we've arrived in paradise but joke and
actually it's Olga's house and for some
reason two things are still Christmas
yeah
it's April I've never known any other
Christmas trees still up in April and
this is some trick
I've never seen you don't know girl so
me and Olga are filming some videos
today and we're gonna film a video for
her channel now and I won't give away
what we're filming but it'll be cool and
I'll link her channel below so you can
get ready for that okay is this my turn
how are you feeling this morning man
I feel like one did there was nothing
that happened last night that would
impact the way that I feel today so
that's great I do not drink alcohol I do
not drink too much alcohol no ever I
want
semion olga finish filming her video and
I just wanted to show you guys something
last week remember we went to the
creative space for Olga's launch for her
new socks and we just come into this
room look at all our socks that thought
this is crazy so colorful we've come
down to a local park and we're gonna be
filming a video for this channel which
I'm starting I may have mentioned to you
guys a new series which I'm gonna call
learn with Louis and today I'm not gonna
tell you the whole thing but you might
be able to get an idea of what I'm
learning with Olga there's some rings
this is juggling balls yeah you ever
guess what we're doing I am very tired
guys that was very inspiring video to
fill but it's all done now we are
finished it's a wrap and now it's just
time to relax um it's a beautiful day in
LA hey Dean Darcy it's warm today isn't
it
oh yeah oka hooked us up dinner and beer
which is this really cool Mexican
restaurant but we're waiting like an
hour to get a table which is long but
hopefully worth it a host of Maryland
pins Lee and Jack you guys might
remember them when I staying with Rachel
in Australia and Sydney remember these
looks good time ago but it's cool we're
all catching up I think I see me really
quiet
classic Chicopee is it's delicious
amazing that was a delicious meal so
good so good was an elder yeah but
actually I love like talking to my to
you guys and people like what doing that
thing that weird thing again others are
wake up in our home hope I have a Boston
trippin yeah I know you can check her
vlogging Channel and a maintainer
we're back to the apartment we've been
chilling for lost couple of hours and we
are now gonna try to find that hot tub
secret hot tub because we're all aching
a little bit from walking up to the
Hollywood sign the other Bay and tonight
I don't know whether we're gonna see it
but the there's a lunar eclipse so they
will see that as well right we're in the
hot tub but we can't see the moon from
here but it's gonna gradually it's gonna
gradually like have the Eclipse so we
can check it again in like half an hour
so right now that's perfect
what's up dad and Sears nothing why not
coming in you can't really make this out
guys but the moon is in half now because
the Earth's shadow is cast as for me
guys the Eclipse is like three-quarters
of the way and it's terrible I'm going
to try and get my other camera soon but
this is what it looks like from the hot
tub that's crazy
see what do you think is gonna happen
when the when the Eclipse is complete
it started your question is what's not
gonna happen imagine everything
happening all at once
no idea I'm stopped for a second
everything's in Reverse you don't hear
anything for a second we have quickly
come home to get this camera which I'm
gonna get some better video and quote
service of the lunar eclipse that's
happening right now I'm very excited
about it
who knows what's gonna happen I don't
know how long it's happening for but
it's gonna get a good splash I'll get it
if you can't really see this guys but it
means quite orange right now I've just
come back in with a tripod it was a
little bit cloudy this is the best photo
I could take with with the camera I
thought and it's it's turned out what I
think wish out of it I wish I'd was
really good telescope pitch like awesome
let's just Instagram there then check
out the dreadlocks for those of you that
don't know what a lunar eclipse is I'm
just gonna explain the science behind
this so this is a diagram to explain
what's happening this Sun is obviously
reflecting off the moon that's what
makes the moon bright and during the
lunar eclipse this is the shadow of the
earth so the Sun is directly the other
side of the earth and the MU the moon is
moving into the shadow of the earth
which is why it's looking orange at the
moment so there's there's a quick
science lesson with you about lunar
eclipses it's 3:00 in the morning we've
got a gap in five hours because we are
going to Disneyland tomorrow which I'm
super excited about but I do need to
sleep so we'll catch you guys then for a
fun-filled amazing day
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
you
