hey guys I'm Luna I live in Belgium in
Europe and you're awesome because you're
watching fun for Louis right I'm having
my first copy of the day and we're just
discussing a plan for what we want to do
the rest of the afternoon
and if it's really dusty what happened
to air bed last night well thought
decided he was gonna take a liking to me
and he sniffed out my sin so he could
punctured my ur bed and not Emilia did
he bite a hole in it or scratch oh we
don't know
we've come up to a goodwill thrift store
to look for some things take needs a
little chest of drawers but we haven't
found one here
but him this is Darcy and Amelia's first
time in a big fish store others I might
find some hilarious clothes these are
actually extremely comfortable oh right
so we got well I got some shorts these
look kind of cool and see it got a bunch
of shirts and a pair of shoes we've now
cropped to another thrift store in
search of more furniture and then we're
gonna find any Salvation Army's closed
on Sunday so I think that's
thank you very much
so this is Amelia's first in an hour
experience excited how was your first
experience in an hour apparently that's
one of the the things you have to try
and alive you haven't been before so
tonight we've come go fighting which is
really exciting
Darcy and Kate weren't really up for it
so they stayed at home Sawyer has come
out to join us and and Ben who you going
to met in Austin he's just like to come
in this looks so much fun
how you did them Jim where you doing in
LA my hair plays and shows nice I'm
gonna turn there go to one and Wednesday
night hopefully excite Amelia
look at guys they came in second place
Wow guys oh so much fun we're actually
gonna go again we can do another race
I'm happy I got second place I got one
out of our our group with a camera in my
hand
time for round two
okay fools on this round a new one you
gave me second
so the story about coming along tonight
is that I bumped into a guy last night
in LA who recognized me from Instagram
and he was inspired by a lot of things
I'm doing and yeah he said if you've
come down today and I have a ride in the
go-karts and we're now doing a group
photo we've left the go-karting that was
so much fun
shoutouts after sorting that out thanks
man I'm now swinging past Ralph's
because picking up a few things because
it's the latest Game of Thrones episodes
come out tonight so we're gonna get a
few snacks also bought a razor because
my electric razor is broken that's why
my Facebook Perry I'm gonna start
cleaning shaving Game of Thrones is
finished it was an incredible episode
guys I'm not gonna feed but watch it if
you're into the game Christ we are just
patched up dorsey's lie lie because Thor
started eating it we think it's mended
it made thief late in the night I have
popped out from the house it's like 1:30
in the morning
- you can't find seer who you went out
earlier with Sawyer to a party which
apparently got shut down by the place
but they're still here and I'm gonna try
and find him just waiting to get let in
look at this cute dog well good look at
Morgan well back home I picked up Cyr
and he was little bit worse where there
he's all right now
he's asleep I am gonna get to sleep
myself tomorrow I'm filming with Olga
Kay we're gonna do a fun video together
which I'll tell you more about tomorrow
and yeah see them peace out enjoy life
live you betcha
