it's day seven of prep to the world
flight guys we are leaving first thing
tomorrow I am so excited it's finally
happening
JP has been working hard this morning on
the plane
the seats are back in the tank is all
fitted we've got a very loud helicopter
circling but I'm just going to carry on
vlogging yeah just doing some cleaning
now
okay I'm giving JP a little hand with
the cleaning we've got our brushes
apparently these on what we're supposed
to be using for this about doing the job
there's a lot of oil and grease buildup
helicopters circling overhead landing
and taken up again all day is not
convenient for vlogging
I guess they're doing like helicopter
pilot training or something so loud
anyway while I was saying was
using all this grease buildup back here
this is what we're trying to wash off
right now the Jaypee was just saying one
of the important reasons why we have to
clean it so thoroughly is that he can
then see if there's any leaks that
happen throughout the trips he's going
to be inspecting the bottom of the plane
and if you can see any oil coming out of
something then you know there's a
problem so it's going to be clean and
shiny yeah gonna keep cleaning it we
have to otherwise you can't diagnose any
- or see any issue I know it must seem
like I'm not doing a lot of the work but
um I guess pop my work he's getting
these videos done and out for you guys
Wow
we don't even need to do on our site the
objective is to bulge this cap a little
bit okay so it's just a few pumps to get
that going and then once you've done
that so always before and I will always
check this but make sure you check it -
just it helps if there's two eyes doing
it this one has to be closed before you
start pumping and then this one has to
be open and you know it's open by the
fact that it's going to be
yeah I was coming up and I was very
little a few than this tank I keep on
normal that's normal go it'll do that in
flight - so we need yeah you don't need
much more passion okay and now now we're
close to that now you close that and now
we've trapped the pressure in there so
the extra tanks benefited as you saw
there's a manual pump to pump the fuel
when we need it I don't know whether
it's going into the wing tanks or I
think they were saying is going straight
into the engine I don't really
understand how it works but my job is to
pump it when I'm told to love it and
we're gonna go up and test it now at
altitude so we're gonna take off
give it a little go
all right so you can start pressurizing
the tank a little bit okay I'll put your
phone away and put everything else away
yeah
open it up okay pressurize so I keep you
know that that back up a little bit more
we should be flying on the ferry field
so just keep like making note of where
that needle is right now okay okay we
want to be heading 1 to 0 on here so
just turn until that number up there in
the middle says 1 to 0 right yeah yeah
all right so straight and level now okay
so how do I go client food yeah so we
don't want to be climbing ok kakazu was
like is this the same as does it you
know it is yeah so this is forward oh
this is back this is left okay sorry
other way but you know what yeah so if
you want to do a 360 degree turn to or
go left
okay yep 2
about 295 degrees keep going left and
remember when you turn well you're using
what that what I go do I want to keep
that so that's pretty good there and
then just whenever you turn you need a
pull pull back a little bit cause you're
changing the left lift vector which then
you know you need to counteract that so
that yellow arrow you know you're
perfect right now so ideally when you
keep it right there you should not be
going up or down because you're flying
right at the horizon I think it's pretty
accurate oh it's very accurate because
that's what you use an instrument flying
please do so yeah it's very accurate I
didn't go left 90 degrees it's just
pretty much exactly where the winces the
wing is pointing now and you can just
pull signee from that which would be a
hundred ninety and then remember this is
gonna defend a little bit now with the
minute
literally turning in the stuff that's
full the high rate turn I don't like
doing max racing this thing I don't know
without the stress left you always feel
a little bit weary
we are back on the ground that's a
pretty fun flight getting to actually
control the plane that's the first time
I've had to go flying that plane I had
to go flying Zazu back in the day when
me and JP were in Namibia but this is
the first time of the controls of I
think we're going in Philly guys I think
we're going with Balu there was a few
other names that I liked like one the
wing or wonder bird but I think we're
going for Balu anyway it's the first
time I've been behind the controls of
Balu and it's it's cool it is cool it
feels amazing
guys we just sat out and watched the
most incredible sunset sorry I didn't
film it I I was busy filming with JP we
were just doing a little sit down kind
of preflight chat for the documentary
yeah yeah it was it was good
JP is feeling a little bit worried or
kind of anxious about it all because
as we said on camera like other night a
lot of the responsibility falls on him
and I'm kind of at this point in an
isolation now I don't have to worry
about it all too much because
essentially I'm just kind of tagging
along I don't you know if I was a pilot
I think it'd be different because we'd
have a shared responsibility but because
I'm just a passenger essentially yeah
it's gonna mean that I just don't have
the same emotions flying around so my
job is just to keep JP positive and
encourage Airmen and when he's feeling
stressed just yeah just trying to help
out we've been chatting over dinner
about the plan and we may have to tweak
the plan slightly JP saying in order to
get to Boston in time where we're gonna
meet his friend who's gonna be joining
for some of the flight and intertwined
time it so we can see the solar eclipse
he's suggesting we actually leave first
thing Monday morning instead of tomorrow
but what we'd like to do because the the
place where we're having the arrival
party in Kern Valley that's the official
end is what we could do is tomorrow
flyovers Kern Valley it's like an hour
away camp there for the night or stay
there for the night and then set off
from the exact place that we're landing
so that when we complete around the
around-the-world flight it's kind of
like a proper completion that we're
landing at the same spot so that's the
plan hopefully we can do that
and it gives us a little bit more time
just to prepare the last little few
things we need all we need to go and get
that adapter that we can find tonight
but yeah feeling good and feeling pumped
and feeling ready guys I'm feeling
catching the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
