well the first day of 2014 has started
like every other day going to a cafe
recovering eggs eggs
goats cheese goat cheese and disgusting
no incorrect so we've arrived at another
cafe which is the seating and the other
one was terrible and I know there needs
people hard seeds of the hair they can't
let people just come and chill in there
all day but this is what I'm talking
about sofas safe it you're not gonna let
take this I'm talking right and we got
the smoothies
and we are hoping
in depth about our New Year's resolution
and what we want to be doing this year
goals etc and it's it's not easy to
pinpoint I feel like we need to figure
out my priorities because I've got like
a million things I wanna do
but I'll fill you guys there what did
you get Rachel
it'd be lovely
so we just come up with a random plan
Steve's arriving with Lex and Jake on
Sunday and we've got a few days to kill
so we was like why don't we go down to
Melbourne and we can visit my friend
Kimmy we're just looking at flights now
and I think we're just about three
flights for tomorrow
race largest book to slice to Melbourne
apparently this is the best chocolate
thing ever so Rachel's said we need to
get it
Thanks
regarding future dinner rates has got a
cool mil this your hips
the guy was delicious
another left right to rest she's really
tired I've decided I'm gonna walk down
to the cinema
maybe skate out to watch The Hobbit well
that was a pretty awesome film I'm a big
fan of fantasy movies you really get
drawn into the adventure of it I've
stopped off in a park on the way home
and I wanted to chat you guys a little
bit about my plans this year for 2014
I'm still trying to focus exactly what
my goals are and what my new year's
resolution is that it definitely
involves being a bit more grounded I
think I want to base myself living in
London more permanently this year I
think it's been amazing traveling I will
be travelling still throughout 2014 but
I think I want to get my teeth into
something and it's something I've
checked you guys before about um but I
just feel like with a bit more purpose
in my day-to-day life I feel like you
know that's that's what I'm eager for at
the moment maybe something involving
a project maybe based somewhere
something similar to what I was doing
before I really got into YouTube which
was running kind of youth project stuff
with my busses and so I'm still trying
to hone in kind of exactly what I want
to be doing but I want to be working
kind of with a team as well so it's not
just me being a bit of a lone ranger
going out and doing stuff I kind of want
to build a bit more structure into my
life I don't like the word structure so
I was chatting to Rachel today and
we were looking at other ways of
describing structure and framework it's
a good one for me so I want to be able
to be more framework a bit more
discipline but again I don't like the
word disciplined so I think I'm gonna go
with focus have a bit more focus and
also a bit more routine but again he'll
hope that word routine so I'm gonna go
with I'm gonna go with groove so I need
more framework to get in a groove and to
be more focused this year I think that
summarizes a vague overview of my new
year's resolution but I think over the
next week I'm gonna hone in chapter some
people and keep you guys updated on my
dreams and goals for this year I'd
really love to know what you guys got
planned this year if you want to comment
below dogs you've got things you want to
overcome things you want to achieve any
news resolutions you want to do even if
just little things like to exercise more
which is another one one of mine I'm
gonna try and exercise daily yeah let me
know and and keep me in check with the
things that I say I want to do and check
you know further down the line and let
me know if I'm still doing the things
that won't be doing I'm cool well I'll
uh I'm gonna wander back now tomorrow
where we're gonna be heading to
Melbourne in the evening not sure what
we're doing during the day I think it's
gonna be a hot day so we could probably
hit the beach um I hope you're having a
very enjoyable first day of 2014
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
you
