hey from Canada
this is sincerely Miranda and you're
watching fun for Lily today we are going
to the zoo and we've stopped off in a
little coffee shop on the way what this
spoon the arrangements about they all
been different coffees okay sugar that's
a large that's a skim latte
that's a cappuccino and these are what
I've taped it together that's a second
order so we like change with their
speeds it's carefully up everything so
with Roy at the zoo first stop the koala
enclosure these guys aren't quite as
active as the coil as I saw the other
week they look a bit sleepy this guy now
only sit dragons are my favorite animal
so I'm doing that like the
fire-breathing dragons as wings not
tomato dragons I mean they're cool and
stuff but if I could be any animal is be
like a fire-breathing winged strike
that guy just chomped that mouse down so
far so I actually used to have pet green
iguana and it lived in my jungle bedroom
those of you that see my jungle bedroom
video and I have branches all over the
ceiling and it used to live wild in my
room
not an attack so it wasn't very tame is
to attack me and this I wouldn't suggest
reptiles as pets they're a bit bit
boring business there would be much
these mountain goats man where you going
I love the rainforest select Ikki
elephant reaching over for the leaves
boil the nail file the elephant nails
that's it yeah you making kids elephant
head for a head accurate house a day I
would build a tree house in this country
I just want to live in there so we are
now going out for dinner
then we're gonna get a fair girl
so we got this little token and we had
to choose like a charity that we wanted
to get the restaurant in this one which
is helping girls between 13 and just
close these shutters and I now need to
select an ice-cream I think is this
ice-cream change in your life it's not
changing my life
what but that's quite a big statement
these things change your life but this
rhubarb and pear is alright but their
bounty ice cream is amazing
my name is changing my life well I have
an awesome day at the sea I've really
enjoyed meeting the Tigers in particular
but I didn't meet him but we were really
close
they are so cool um I also had the
brilliant evening and got trained and
made a few new friends I think it's
interesting I've been traveling so much
this year that I haven't been in
locations often long enough to really
get to know people that well and because
of that I think I've got in the habit of
just making acquaintances for other than
friendships
and I've been here a while now I think
I've been in Australia a month and I
think initially when I arrived I was
just you know oh yeah I'll meet some
people and stuff like that but I just
realized tonight again like people have
got fascinating stories and there's so
much going on with people and people
interesting that's that's not my point
people that are interesting endless
there's great stuff to learn about
everyone another quick thing was look
you may not know that my mum has a
youtube channel and she shares her
thoughts on there and she released a
video tonight and I watched it and it's
really interesting I think it really
applies to me right now
and it was just talking about how
sometimes even though we're not we're
not in a stressful environment but we're
processing a lot of stuff subconsciously
just a new place there's different
things going on and that actually
heightens your anxiety and stress levels
without realising and sometimes you then
just shut down which is something that's
happened to me you're lost
two or three weeks there's been moment
times I've just kind of shut down and it
was really fascinating watching her
video and if you want to hear a bit more
about that and what she's learned and
stuff like that I'll link in the
description but it's really cool bass
got me thinking and yeah it's good it's
good it's a peace out
enjoy life boom
