hey guys whats up this is tim from
zurich switzerland my youtube channels
Timmy vlogs and I'm about to watch fun
for Louie please enjoy the video and
have fun peace I am feeling pretty tired
today guys i got up at 4am i dropped
Kate the airport she's going away for a
few days and got it back to bed it like
a half five or something but the
disruption in my sleep means I'm tell if
this is your first lata here since it's
my first one to ever actually is it yeah
never i'm sick how is that what's so
good about it's just
yeah it's different different
like that like that like that and now we
but we've gone down the road to vice
things we need we need to get some
litter for Thor Thor's back in the house
these guys sometimes find Thor a little
bit intense as a cat he's not the most
chilled castrating frustrating
frustrating he's not the most chill out
I'm gonna teach in my ways use a chill
out mission complete with the steering
wheel when whoever's in control yeah
baby guys Thor is back hey dental hey
dear Thor Thor came and cuddled up at my
feet today when I was trying to edit my
video oh hey dental he is like the most
curious energy field cat how to get cats
to chill out people tell me in the
comments how can we get him to chill out
alright we're hot down the road to do a
bit of thrift shopping if it is cool
thrift shop
hello guess what i'm sending in my way
like why we're skating around we've
decided it's probably dinner time and
I'm very excited to say we're heading to
find an Indian restaurant I haven't had
curry in a wire and I just so up for
Cory as usual we're in the curry house
I'm educating these guys on options here
thinks is gonna go from rissalah creamy
curry dish not too bad edwin's not
thinking he's gonna go for the sports
listing a volcano the spice this one cuz
I'm all about that but I just don't know
if that will think it cuz I don't have
this delicious-looking mango look at
this this looks so good this is this is
good for counteracting spice I'm going
for the volcano dish which says it's
very very hot exactly why one chicken
volcano guys I'm gonna test it out and
see what the source of stone oh thank
you good it's one of those spicy heat
switch kind of just intensifies the Muay
and it's hitting me my nose is running
my eyes are watering and I was hiccuping
little bit my lip only the continued is
a good spice tell you how you're going
to meals good and that I'm integer crazy
it's really good traffic I you we've
just popped back into republica pie
there's a big gig going on right guys
I've just gone out for a little
exploring find a hot tub and I think
found one okay snuck into somewhere boom
I
guys that was perfect just what I needed
ah feel very relaxed we're now gonna
head off to an 02 el party just a little
thing we're in the house be nice to
catch up with JC and Sam it's been weird
not seeing him this week much right we
collected a bit of a crew and we're
heading over to the O to our house I
think it's actually Ricky's birthday I
think he's 22 today and we're a little
bit late but we like fashionably late
when did you get to the state's like
four days I love it yeah good bye guys
Lex am I know Sam I missed you boy it's
been so anyway like few days but I feel
like okay like cumin seed salmon so long
hey Ricky happy birthday thank you so
much how's your birthday been awesome
yeah will you been up to tonight don't
video hung out dinner party Oh 20-team
right yeah hey see me Hayden boy yeah
when do you get when did you get that
like yesterday how long you here for hey
that's the same as me
you
for good
find the party's over we're heading home
it's been a pleasure JC being a hose on
Eclipse I'll get out bye guys bye Leah
oh it's around three in the morning it's
about that crave time we've given what
you're gonna get 20 at the null I didn't
even want to come you you wanted to go
to sleep man I stink it with the crew
though yeah it's all about family broke
guys free am perfect time for a meal
grilled chicken panini all that is
delicious got a little latte Louie hello
we just finished our meals sir just
tweeted that he's pregnant thought it's
a joke guys he's not don't worry so it's
all a hoax you're not really pregnant
are you um the truth is I am pregnant
hey Johnson what I need it subscribe I
am now gonna pay you hey we just got
home now we found fool think Thor's in
here Thor come out of the box hello door
sure hello what oh wait okay now go back
in there come out oh there is well it's
been another fun day and I'm gonna get
some sleep catch you guys tomorrow peace
out enjoy life live the adventure
