hi my name is Jessica Arana Lygia now
y'all watch is burning Schiavoni guys
are slandered in Paris Roya will be
joining machine
I need to head over
and get our campervan that we're renting
the afternoon will be driving down to
the venue like some big converted house
tour
my friends like wedding to be really
exciting
I only got through out Phillipe in the
plane when they need that Bolivia
I've got dilemma briars not landing to
another three and a half hours and I
already went through security which
means I going way in one of the air
polluted
and if Noah to wait and if once go to
interior really but I did just get
tipped off that Ibis Hotel to room our
so I just get a room for like three
hours and like shower and maybe have a
nap and that's not amazing it's going to
give it to it was real life whether
that's at this is rumor hello and I
heard that we I can get a room per hour
here yeah yeah well have the thing is we
have like 15 50 people coming to saw
early you know survivor so we cannot
take more people hourly but if you want
you can go to the ivy style or the the
do tell just behind us they do exactly
the same this way yeah
okay that's good news guys that is good
news
Oh
this one will be pushy talking about I
just dialed never ever I perspire can I
get a room for three hours I am sorry
about no big Aditi subsidy maybe there
was in command or the hotel and the
hotel in the airport so unfortunately
there's no rooms available even for an
hour it's good to know for the future
though the plan now is I am going to
catch an uber to where we're renting the
camper van because rise flight got a
little bit delayed and then she's going
to meet me there in like an hour tea and
it might mean oil or get to have a
little kick in the back of the camper
van as well which would be nice thanks
great good bye alright I've arrived this
is where we went in the van from Weaver
hello hello hello for you kid cool do
the check um after I show you different
things okay yeah yeah okay so this is
how we put the bed down well yeah yeah
okay you put all like this dance yeah
like this same on the other side you put
on in such a little bit yeah yeah yes
there you know little bit because you
need a little bit space you open this
when everything is all the states are
you know you're you put down all the
seats and we just remove this and that's
so dryer has arrived how are your flight
yeah it was good I had a motor automated
driving an it fluid has this stuff hang
an amazing trip she just be telling me
about that we ask we now have a
four-hour drive to display but we are
both pretty hungry so we found this
little cafe we're going to cover this
video
what are you in the mood for Italian are
you Italian - yeah yeah okay guys we're
using the Google Translate app to read
the menu because it's all in French I
don't have you seen it for it overlays
it translates each word and overlays it
in English not always right but it's
pretty right it's enough to like yes
yeah okay we've selected what we thought
looked like a good choice Sam I think I
think we did good
I was expecting a sign portion of master
student this is the biggest portion of a
scheduler the family size but that's
okay right
by filling a thousand times better
having Ian angle I've had to copy I mean
ready strike I just got some snacks and
refreshment and we have things like
three or more hours left
very exhausted so I did get a teaching
at level which you can I go to so we've
stopped off another service station I
think we're making good progress of
about an hour and a half to go I did
take a wrong turn which added an extra
45 minutes our journey which is
frustrating but I'll show you where we
started and where we are now so we
started maybe just south of Paris and
then we headed down kind of in this
direction wait where are ya we headed
down all the way down here I guess my
wrong turn is kind of off in this
direction for a little bit but the place
we're heading is just south of Limoges
like down here somewhere so if you can
see where we're heading this is what we
started it's a fair way across fun ok
because this stuff the tea time longer
this we was basically we are free late
knowing we've got a lizard we're going
to get in there and looked at it and it
was wake up landed property number where
they frequently it is aggressive no more
than the last but ok we're going to grab
a little exceed the my recent salad is
over I am ready to lay down
much lighter summative we go the things
Chris Terrio monastery and a veggie
sandwich grilled hello go it's my Geffen
Raya so great look at this tree oh my
gosh this is amazing
okay guys I'm going to show you how
we're gonna make our bed in the back
hopefully I'll get it right so we drop
these see men should be this kind of bed
frame like that
again wow you really have you tell me we
need to push these fancy tools that we
really do need to push them all the way
Morrow morning will show you how cool
this place is it's like pitch black
right now I mean you saw a few very nice
but um yeah
we'll give you the Grand Tour to my and
ya see a few people he's going to save a
friend Ann Marie obviously Mike he's
come to bed Alex is here there's a whole
bunch of faces you'll recognize but um
I'm really looking for hopefully the Sun
comes out tomorrow and but either way
it's going to be an amazing weekend and
I'll see you in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
