today is the day and I've had a shave as
you can see and I'm watching the
campaign website that we launched last
night the Jack and Finn put up and prize
the a and it's very exciting check how
much we've raised since last night with
raised $35,000 since last night I'm
sorry
put it at 30 I should grant gosh
loading up the car with all the gear
leaving the hotel and I'm raring to go
how you been Jack Bauer
hey I'm so excited I'm kind of nervous I
really want to nail the filming right in
the taxi we're in the in the taxi so
here we are
Victoria this is the girl that I'll be
driving I have to say this we seem to
have lost two of our tuk tuks we've
arrived at start line today and I new
one is here
there they are
boy they are pot very close together up
there went out to go Finn how you feelin
good touch left that on the way in our
fight so you happy about that we're
gonna push the light again I'm ready
feel so we got a few final things to do
I'm gonna be tying the battery on to
Elizabeth Max and jacker nailing the CT
on Dawson have to go how you feeling man
ah really excited I was going to ask you
manic everyone just kind of doing their
last and of preps we're just filling up
these beautiful beautiful babies for the
fuel and we're gonna be on our way with
a police escort as I get on the road now
I want to go okay and I'm driving so
we're just swapping out all the tanks of
the tuk-tuk special a pool for our
journey getting the quadrocopter out I
am so excited I am so so excited we're
about to go drive on Indian roads I
don't know what's gonna happen
mirela start line we're literally about
to go bends on the roof wait - bill I'm
shaking with adrenaline we're about to
travel across India what the I
don't know how this happened I couldn't
be happier
I cannot do it
- it
doing
do it
five minutes into the race first
breakdown Mary what you doing to us Mary
if some random guy is stopped to help us
out
basically I think when they when we bro
down first time we've ever first started
it they replace the carburetor but when
they were both shocked right and they
forgot to actually tighten the see close
by that's one so we broke down four
times in ten minutes
I'm sorry Mary is still causing problems
we've gone another ten minutes and she's
broken down
my vote is we get her fixed as soon as
possible trying to find a garage and
trying to get a long-term solution
rather than keep on trying to figure out
what it is
so Mary is broken now for the third time
since we've left and we're still about a
mile and a half out where we started so
we just need to tie this on this army
guys gonna lend us his knife lighter
okay let's go yes yes army man basically
the fuel a hard water it maybe you ought
to count like save money and a place you
know just like stretch out on it and
they're going to car rattling that's
right that's an amazing little Drive and
we've stopped off and let the engines
cool down a little bit how does that
Mary doing now she's had to say new
feelin up beautiful right now oh dear
Mary clean yourself up Mary Mary's it's
been a bit the bitch it's dripping
slippin stuff snorting all out
you
what's going on with Mary Jack do we
even know what's wrong with paste or any
three parts in and that's like we have
to do a hallway car black soldier been
cleaned out already washed out
there's only kind of one or two things
that can actually be so looks like
something's falling off we're missing
something in the carburetor
and we have to continue on to a place
where we can we can get a replacement so
just go down the side road
how he's just been glass and then he
took the family forever only in India
makes it
so I think that was like a temple of
something we have to take our shoes off
we went up breaking down 15 not going
anywhere
I'm gonna have to tow Mary come on Mary
then we had a little toe rope breakage
back on the road I think we've got like
ten kilometers still where you can stop
and get replacement parts but it's it's
been a bit of a tedious first part of
the journey but everyone's still kind of
happy
we just really keen to get married
sorted out
do it
I've just that about half an apple in
its towing going so at the time we know
that wasn't a number those coolers in
the cabbage of our families now closed
we are just spinning across the road to
get some food
I've just learned from my name in Hindi
hey means you're calling about I know
you're angry the board just logged onto
the internet checked our fundraising
it's been up for less than 24 hours and
we have raised forty-two thousand seven
hundred sixty three dollars that's what
I'm talking about
driving conditions that is Kate it's
meant centimeters saying this is
probably most dangerous place we could
stop in the whole rate she's saying this
is like bandit country and we should
leave soon
Mary you've done okay today you've done
that go today Mary Jack was landed on
you man I don't know I'm not happy like
this dude
all right she quite cute special Oh Bob
we've arrived in the hotel and we're
going to stay in tonight leave early in
the morning sighs this bed I'll do a
phone star shake honestly my list well I
was a Kris you incredible day I'm gonna
get some sleep and we've got a second
day of driving on our awesomely long
journey we've got a bit of distance to
catch up on Oh see you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
you
