I'm going to mark 10 I'm about to watch
from for doing just like you do you want
to well it's a beautiful Los Angeles
morning and it feels a bit weird being
on my own actually I'm I've gone for a
little drive to have a meeting and it's
the first time in weeks I've been on my
own for strange well I just finished her
exciting being a full screen and Hannah
done have some lunch with Mike and he's
taken me to this cool restaurant and I'm
super we're both super hungry guys check
this out I got some sweet potato fries
and another burger I'm a big banner
burgers so just got back from lunch and
I'm doing some work in the full screen
offices and just chillin here for a
little bit chatting about some more
exciting opportunities may be some
opportunities to stay in America at some
point and do some projects of these guys
I'll keep you guys updated when anything
becomes a concrete guys I just pressed
upload and it is one minute remaining I
think this is like 40 made up here this
is the best internet i love it when
acceptance no way around so good so I've
jumped in the car I'm gonna head back to
North Hollywood's to hang out the other
guys we were gonna try and go down to
venice beach again tonight but we've
left it quite late and the traffic is
going to be pretty horrendous
well fighting fun today that's been a
very relaxed late afternoon early
evening just been doing some stuff my
computer looking for some new backing
music and vlogs if any of you know any
funky hip-hop stuff have just been
scouring soundcloud for like a couple of
hours and these guys have just been look
at my shoulder just be getting ready oh
that is intense haha that's the right
thing to do oh you shouldn't touch
people something Bern guys oh yeah well
the next couple of days we're going to
be getting this house looking super cool
we're going to try and live the couch
through the window which is going to be
a bit of a feat tomorrow and sound
you're like the villagers to that curly
boy we're still going to go out we're
probably going to go out over to the
cafe across the road and see there's any
live music going on because until maybe
catch that have a coffee just you know
spend spend times friends relaxing after
the long road trip and we really are
access and kate's filling awake today
and unlike yesterday oh that was that
was recovery day yesterday yeah we've
stopped by this korean food van on the
way to see some music and have a coffee
and stuff because the food just looks
too good here how excited are you sir
is that good I'm not going to be
disappointed another beautiful coffee
that's great latte on
we've literally been chilling in here
all night right to closing time it's
just such a cool vibe in there right you
found the sickest place bro it's amazing
i love it it's a nice right down the
street yeah we're back at the apartment
the laptop club is in full flow look at
our amazing new workstation we should we
should find something fun to do with the
fact that this is a clear table oh I not
working you what's that oh well we used
to have a dog growing up used to have a
bug and while we ate food user in the
table might try to eat the food to the
table oh you put food on the table and
then yeah we need you need to get a pet
my dog yeah guys look how creative case
being you are super creep miss creative
evening it's creative evening at the
smash pad you're smashing pain
everywhere oh it's um I ran out of
campuses so I'd use cardboard Oh high
five high five I'm gonna join the tape
is something
what do you guys think of my little
painting I want to stop there before I
add too much it's just simple adventure
we all need to work on my typography
skills a little bit well it's the end of
the night and I have enjoyed relaxing a
lot today and recuperating and just
hanging out with these guys and I think
the next few days is going to be pretty
chilled I'd love to do a little hike up
to the hollywood sign at some point
tomorrow i think i'm helping with a
video with rhett and Link i'm going to
go and be an extra or a character in a
video and then I think we're going to a
party in the evening but um yeah I'm
enjoying LA and i'll keep you guys up to
date with my travel plans and things are
happening but i guess i'll go see in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
