as I just woke up and we're always in
Wien California okay we're in California
and there's a sandstorm I want to go on
in it we swap drivers see it's gonna
give us a go because it's pretty crazy
right crazy driving 30 miles an hour how
are you finding this bit everybody's
freaking out I love it
Russian pilot speaking our experiencing
some unexpected weather conditions
we are back in LA guys and we are
clearing out the Vance I've got to
return it tonight and it's a mess but
we're doing well we're we're making some
progress
Kate's gone to sleep and JC is about to
get picked up and we're gonna go and get
some lunch and now it's so depressing
bro how was the trip over Oh amazing
I'm so glad I said yes ago yes yeah man
that's a good I think it's the first of
many I know I know we gotta do it again
yeah I'm gonna bring these guys over to
I'm gonna bring these guys over to the
UK and would be like a European celebra
very trendy a great adventure guys check
out this parking
that's nicer place this place is amazing
this is so cool bro
guys it's a real coffee not an American
coffee it's a real juicer and this is an
Australian meat pie and it's just
heavenly
we're back at the smash pad
finally after running around all day and
we've got some food and snacks for Kate
she's pooped out from there from the
right trip it's been pretty yeah
pretty full-on and these guys are moving
in this place finally love is love how
you've decorated so far very artistic
now we literally left from the writer of
the day that they got this place if you
remember so they haven't even like it's
got furniture or so yeah it's gonna be
fun doing some interior design we have
jumped in the smash wagon and a man
dropping it back and then Sam and Cyr
and Edwin are being a ser we're gonna go
for a little skate Venice Beach that's
the plan
I can't believe we're saying goodbye to
this bad boy
connection yeah we've done almost 7,000
miles we just realized we just calculate
that's intense that's a pretty insane
braack braack he's a reptile and also
something is our time to take our guns
and if you see you look on the YouTube
conceit video bear I should say no Rama
blinking sideways we left a little bit
late to come down to Venice Beach just
like dark everything's closed but we've
had a nice little skate and we're gonna
skate all the way back to the car with
the wind behind us I think we'll pick up
some good speed and then we need to go
find some food rich I'm pretty hungry
don't know how sea is surviving in in
this little tank top how are you not
dying of the colds there
but the more you resist these are
tensing up its gets colder I just nailed
a chicken katsu curry is like extra
spicy amazing how's your yeah
it's a sad moment the first time in
weeks that we haven't all been together
going our separate ways that's one of
the original members of the freedom
family or today's been a very relaxed
day I think we're all still on Florida
time because we're all shattered and
it's not even midnight yet we're all
gonna get early nights and recover a bit
from the last two weeks of amazing very
trippin balls no mashing lack of sleep
okay I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
