hey guys I'm Ainsley I'm from Sydney
Australia but I'm currently living and
studying in Bristol England and you are
about to watch another fantastic vlog
from unfold URI why are we leaving for
advancement like that Sydney gonna be
long drive Rachel made me a bed early
so we have arrived and trucks hover
right two days in a three-hour drive
extenuating very impressive and I hadn't
known that
 the Chinese food and they gave me a
spork I'm doing my driving sin now
that's not very clear signage we're
gonna go on a specific specific we want
to get on the Pacific Highway and I'm
not sure which way to go we're stocked
with some energy Rachel got really nice
iced coffee and I haven't either step
but it's double-double where
all right we're finally back and Sydney
that's been that was a very long drive
we've covered to find things to eat now
and I think it's gonna be Viennese well
we had a lovely dinner and I know this
seems weird because it's like we've been
chillin on the beach and stuff but um
we're actually going to a Christmas
carol service now because it's almost
Christmas
it does not feel like Christmas Oh
like I'm going to a Christmas carol
service and flip-flops and shorts this
isn't real life
Oh our way back from the cow service as
that's nice I met a bunch of cool people
but yeah I'm sorry today's been a bit of
an and nothing day we've literally been
driving for ten hours solid all day and
I tell you what driving for ten hours
with someone you tend to get pretty deep
and cut into conversation and I was
doing a lot of kind of reflecting on my
year because you know again to the end
of the year and I tend to do that as it
nears to the end of the year I kind of
look back and I was talking to Rachel
just about you know what this year's
been about and I guess this year has
been a lot about me and because
obviously I've been you know my whole
years being traveling doing things kind
of seeking out fun stuff today and
sharing with you guys it's occupied a
lot my thoughts as well like what my
doing tomorrow what my doing today
what's going on and I love having fun
and it's been brilliant but I think in
the mix of it all it's been very easy to
lose perspective and I guess I feel like
it's easy to neglect other people and
focusing on other people
which is something I've always strived
for and found a deeper contentment doing
in life and it not been about kind of
center centering everything on me so
yeah it's been it's been an interesting
journey and it says I think it's just
figuring stuff out you know I think it's
important to try and just figure stuff
out so I think next year as we come into
2014 I think I just want to spend more
time caring about other people
and that's the journey I'd love to take
you guys on there's something we can
figure out together yeah it's it's all
good it's all good yeah I just thought
I'd share a little bit about what I've
been talking and thinking about cool I
catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
