hi my name is Lucy my name is Emma my
name is Stephanie away from Harvard sure
and welcome to fun for Louis well it's a
late start to the day we've had a
morning of recuperating resting my
thumbs feeling a lot better yes who's
driving again as usual driving again
how's everyone feeling great little
fortunate let's do it we have ducked
into a thrift store a charity shop to
get some costumes for freedom force but
there's also some great clothes in there
so I would leave some shopping look at
these one dollar ninety-nine amazing
guys I found this amazing track see
check this out a little bit short on the
legs
I look like a used car salesman from the
70s yeah he's our Lord car though yeah
there's a little hardcore I think any
fatter legs check out says the outfit oh
so good they call me Jasmine but the guy
version Jack dress min we stop for a
late lunch and free birth 30 before we
leave San Antonio how's your free oh go
man oh that is good
look at this bad boy right here so JC's
told me it's tradition in here once you
finish your burrito to make something
like a little sculpture out of the foil
and then place it on the wall over there
so I'm following a tutorial on how to
make origami swan see how it goes
love
the dawn dawn
do what is that that is majestic swore
ah
suggested oh that's how I so good lady
what did you buy JC I mean a paper
airplane pretty mediocre but guys paint
made it dragon I'm so jealous at such a
cool dragon
you should be proud of yourself you got
good foil sculpting skills
guys the weather today is unreal so warm
and there's a nice breeze just like the
best weather ever so happy i've been
into like so many Starbucks and told
them my name and they spell it either
with an e or like in a weird way with a
double years ago this guy got it right
spell my name correctly so good we have
taped cakes dragon to the front of the
smash wagon he's now on mascot guys
there is a house driving in front of us
that's stressful that's a guy now house
I want I want to be able to move house
at night
so we've stopped off in some random town
to try and find some Wi-Fi or at least
like some phone signal for me to upload
my vlog because it's just not uploading
on the road guys it's getting there
thirty-two percent but that's 54 minutes
remaining hmm I don't think this is a
realistic scenario to wait here 54
minutes still still uploading in seeing
here for a while ninety-two percent done
okay guys we started here we have made
it to junction we've not made it far at
all and we're going to be driving the
rest of the night
where we headed Apache Junction Arizona
to the Renaissance pitt football it's
gonna be like a like a cosplay thing
where we can dress up as Knights Kate's
gonna be a queen we can all be we are
gonna be a princess you can't be a queen
queen she's gonna be a panda queen no
she's gonna be like a legit like
medieval queen and where there'll be
like hope on armor I want maybe like a
battle axe or a broadsword or maybe like
a mace that's what I'm thinking I want a
horse I want to ride a horse a white
stallion Rollo keep rolling wrong yeah
everybody's awake right now yes well bro
I'm ready for a little bit we're gonna
be putting on some good music it's gonna
be a nice little dry let's get the
energy levels up and we're going wild
for 39 NGOs and and share this dragon oh
he's chillin cool this track it oh yeah
he knows exactly what's up what about
the police car no just throw works
we've stopped off at gas station guys
seared the most incredible driving stunt
I've seen in a long time we were driving
parallel to this road to the highway and
it gets to a dead end and we would have
had to turn back all the way to go on
the highway but there's a grass verge
it's quite a steep Bank what did you do
just drove straight up the grass verge
onto the highway it was incredible at
one point thought the van would tip over
but we made it and it was uh it was
amazing it was amazing he's a very
skilled drivers here it's midnight it's
time for me to say my antibiotics and
it's also time Troy you're driving and
after taking in Tibet yeah yeah and
we've got like I said a full night of
driving ahead of us he's driving off to
me JC caylen Jessie's next yeah jay-z
make me wait I'm driving naked
it's four in the morning and I've had a
lovely drive I don't have a lot of
thinking time I've been thinking about
when I go back to England and what sue
is one of my bus is and where to live
and stuff and I've come up with this
idea to build a hobbit hole a little
field somewhere maybe with a tree on it
or the treehouse as well so I'm just
kind of developing some ideas here also
look i mended my glasses with a lollipop
stick and a paper clip and some
electrical tape so these are working
well we are actually now in El Paso
which borders forays I'll it to lose
what looking at the mexican border i was
driving through and Juarez is actually i
think the most dangerous city no it's
got the highest murder rate outside of
an official war zone in the world so
it's probably one of the most dangerous
cities in Mexico I was thinking we could
drive through but not all of these guys
have got their passports so it's not
gonna work out
but I'm going to get some sleep now and
catch you guys tomorrow peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
