and you're watching for Louie enjoy good
morning Joyce I've just worked it off
after having quite a nice sleep in the
van Damien's done a long drop
as he drives it's good actually just
aren't associate boring there's nothing
to see is that where we are I think I
don't know what stay where did the guy
say we were David oh he said meth
capital what is they met here were there
were crystal mountain also known as meth
Hill Arkansas what do you think about
that so
it's lunchtime in KFC and this play of
city is combined do the Taco Bell is
crazy they're like you can buy all at
the same camera that is powerful how's
your I have your rice there
thumbs up for ice okay update porn
update we are no longer going to
Oklahoma City to visit Kate's
grandparents because something happens
but we are now probably gonna detour
down to Dallas and will it be summer
stay tonight hopefully with a hot tub
there we go you love hot tubs but really
look at this guy he ain't even nothing
he ain't got nothing on me me never will
just kidding I love you Louie bye
but Haven has finished his little
driving shift and we are stopping off to
replenish ourselves with cafe you got
some coffee we are an hour and a half
away from Dallas in a little town called
Duran in Oklahoma still you know about
your past into Texas very soon and we've
done a lot of driving today like crazy
amounts of driving we've literally been
on the road all day and and I've been
sleeping most of the day as well yeah
yeah lazy days yeah yeah all goes out to
my boy corner Hayden
see series just Oliva just believe on
the back and thank you so much of course
the man that made this all possible fun
for Louis we have arrived in Dallas
we're staying tonight with some of Sam's
family and there's really really good
news guys
JC is just hit a million subscribers on
YouTube for I put it there we're gonna
go out to dinner to celebrate and also
see a hundred thousand followers on
Twitter today yes they have celebrations
hey boomer
here we are the LSA burger company
cheers to JC for a million subscribers
and YouTube well done man I mean a lot
burgers
so we've left the karaoke bar Edwin
what's gonna perform when he was like
25th and the queue to go so we needed to
leave because we were dying of inhaling
cigarette smoke we now come to a chilled
bar we with Lena she's found this cool
bar how you guys doing drink whiskey oh
wait wait worries I want a football game
devastated I destroyed it and guess
guess what the last few laps last fall
put it in boom straighten the goal I
didn't even say anything I just pulled a
nine 180 degree turn
we have got back from the bar and we're
settling down for the night and we've
got like a our little den area and we've
also found this amazing disco light I
don't know if you can see but it's this
awesome patterns all over the ceiling
tomorrow we're gonna be dropping Hayden
home in Austin and going to San Antonio
I think that's the plan and I'll see you
guys there peace out into a life
