good morning guys
day five prep for our flight we are in
Oakland California near San Francisco
just stayed with our friend Tom last
night and before we head back to the
plane and fly back to Tracy to continue
expecting the tank and stuff we just
picking up a radio
what kind of radio we're getting GOP HF
radio frequency it's a requirement to do
any of the southern North Atlantic
crossing and a lot to be a requirement
for up South Pacific crossing so Richard
knows how to get these pretty well tuned
they never really work but you legally
have to have them so yeah we're just
picking one up here and then rip school
sweet old school I mean and then the
planet hopefully just we've had a few
problems trying to get the tank custom
tank bill the extra fuel tank so we're
hoping we can fly out over some around
today and see if they have one pre-built
that we can get Richard to into till
tomorrow he's the mechanic has been
helping us if not he's saying he can't
get one custom built and stay until next
week which isn't really an option for us
though with where we're kind of figuring
stuff out on them on the go with problem
solving and I'm still feeling positive
okay we're going to be back just need to
find out a bit more info on what exactly
we need Radio wise but
yeah could be handy certainly a a trick
right just arrived back at the airport
that sunlight despoilers died in these
little private Airport Landers nice
looking like off the shoes have a nice
little mouthwash and she'll do mouth off
brand-new yeah I'm the older then like a
few myself
no way how much no actually probably
thirty five million forty that's where
week that's what we're going to get to
fly around the world next
oh don't we find a freaking tag sweet
yeah sighs wolf it's 32 I'm wearing a
long-sleeve shirt I'm wearing pajama
bottoms under my day old cold this
morning
all right guys we're going to have a
little nose around over here this is
another Cessna 210 it's very similar to
us okay this is Terry 6 it's our very
limited as significantly different when
you look at the technical side it's
always better no this is better because
it's new like it's new new and it's got
like your CD the instrumentation it has
a knitted remaining it's got a full
g1000 nxi suite which is just beautiful
and but it's a lot slower than what we
because it has the way with diner
attract that all of this is Brad was it
go with the undercarriage yeah that's
the land iguana clam been going here
I know you know the tone ology already
and then these strokes yeah this dress a
different two away the whole wing is
also different like this is a flat
bottom wing got perforations on the flat
like we're a much faster aeroplane but I
think that makes us better well I'm
gonna say we better go to this day
yeah the atomic TV they can be ciliary
play speak to the reason we got them up
there already looks very promising I
feeling confident about the steel tank
Italia that's already going to fit so we
got 40 gallons I am relieved guys the
news this morning that we wouldn't be
able to get one custom made till next
week was with worrying but I knew would
find a way a new JP with a point away so
that does it have to stand upright or
can I go on a side that's fine it's an
aluminum tank so we can put stuff on top
we have to be careful as we crack this
major problem yeah
yeah gonna send Adelphi overcorrected
next to it probably after being planted
central leader
we are officially owners a brand-new
fuel tank well it's not brand new but
it's new for us and now we just need to
fly back over to Tracy show it to
Richard and hopefully he'll start
installing tomorrow morning
back in Tracy we are playing it on a
sign oh well then you have an outlet
sounds like you're already a strainer
okay okay we're leaving the airport
we'll be back again in the morning right
we're in our room and time from a bit of
lady laptop Club sense or let me call
this very tempted to have a little nap
but that would be dangerous I think we
are pretty much done for the day
open the chill and things quite an early
start tomorrow
JB's going to get there a bit earlier
than me and yeah get working on the
plane getting some of things out ready
to put this the tank in get that fitted
and then I want to get over there to see
them licking all the vinyls on the logos
and stuff and yeah you should actually
always tomorrow
peace out enjoy your life live the
adventure
