well it's been a very lazy morning and
I'm still in bed Edwin's been feeding me
cake didn't feed the VSM cake it's so
moist so it's the best cake I don't know
whose cake it is it appeared in our room
were thinking whoever lost a birthday
cake last night shout-out to Hannah
thank you it's been a great breakfast
right I've had it down to see the guys
Babu
yeah bubbles in my face gift where'd you
go there on Tony's getting revenge game
in the spine game in the spine we've
jumped in the van and me Alfie and
Louise are gonna go for some lunch
that's where we going choosing a battery
Cheesecake Factory
we got to the mall before we go to the
to skate factory we're waiting for
Steven Benner get a taxi we've done
jumped into Urban Outfitters
Alfie's trying on some pants I wish I
could pull off half bro that's good man
I cannot put on hat so what do you think
I love it I just can't fill up half
look at this weirdo filming himself in
public we have gone into some makeup
shop and there's so much makeup how is
this so much
how does this a much Lois may now if we
have a similar problem is that are our
eyebrows of super fishy so teach me the
technique he show me how to comb my my
eyebrows
I thought let's try this out let's try
yourself
okay okay I think I've got this look at
this
oh yeah look at that guy's
we've finished our delicious meal at the
Cheesecake Factory it was freezing in
there though they put the aircon on to
life I've got a coffee cheers Steve
Steve Michelle and Ben are staying here
to do some shopping I need to go back
Edit maybe go in the hot tub who knows
right everyone's leaving the flyback the
UK still air bro yeah I'm back in the
hotel room we've got all our stuff we've
got another member of the team
JC ah we're thinking of changing the
freedom family now we're evolving to
freedom force so we're about to hit the
road
Sam's just eating some moist cake yeah
it's do a hashtag freedom Force is the
Air Force before we load up we are gonna
need there a serious clean guys there is
a bunch of random stuff all over the
floor it's a little bit messy in here
okay so everyone what's happening
finally Pharaoh the whole way here on
the right sir Kate was like cracks
firecracker firecracker firecracker
firecracker well we're light and now
we're like oh hey there how was your
shopping trip right yeah you got some
cool shots no you there there
so how you do it so we went on Kate's
recommendation and I got this it's
basically like stage that's the pride
about yourself yeah very religious
apparently delicious I'm just about to
try it we've also the whole time before
the meals are I've been sending these
these photos to each other and a group
text message me Oh JC really good yeah
so the shows with the proper techniques
let me show you sit down no I'm feeling
well Florida look at me and you're a
whore and I know it's emotional guys it
was a short but sweet time baby
not long enough bro like three days I've
seen these are like three bucks I don't
know when they'll be back
we've been on the road for like an hour
and a half maybe two hours and we've
arrived to pick up Damon the last
edition through our road trip home
welcome to the freedom force you're now
part of the freedom force are they you
and Jesse still need to do the
initiation we've arrived at Walmart
we're gonna stock up we're gonna get
some energy drinks maybe some comedy
costumes if something bad just happened
I totally split my shorts open that is
that is bad isn't it
that's quite an appropriate right we're
all done
we've decided to drive a completely
different route back to LA we're gonna
start by going to Atlanta so I'm gonna
try and drive there for Mort for the
morning for breakfast I'm gonna jump and
decent driving now and then I think
haters gonna take over we'll catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
