another beautiful morning with another
beautiful person we've got redbull
we've got stay we've got Ben we're
heading to our meetup which I don't
think anyone knows about well
we are in the building and we're heading
to find the Reverend brought me up
we found banshee got lost so what would
you do like I said we come back
abandoned thing but once your theory is
that we do like leave it is like a QA
things you've got questions about our
lives and videos and then and then we
try and pull some kind of sign that
ukulele Steve what's that's their breath
you got that man I'm gonna go here bro
you mind if I go here
the beam hit like an hour and a half we
are still meeting people and it's lovely
this is such a lovely day isn't this
lovely guys you guys brought you guys
brought me up it's finished three hours
what now we've got we're headed for some
food I'm so hungry right I made it to
the green room got laptop club going on
has it been looking forward to your cake
yeah did you see your last report I said
all you look are you look when you said
you're looking for something I'm looking
forward to my crazy
burn the place down versus covering up
the Apple here with blue dickerson sick
and I'm like a boss like a boss
where can people get a sticker Steve
find the nomads calm down
chillin by the pool uploading our logs a
little bit later than usual looks a bit
a bit of nightmare and they may only
vlogging at an event like this means no
sleep and let's expose these lovely
girls have let me duck into their hotel
room to upload my blog because it's not
uploading am i back to your voice right
now hot sometimes this is such a nice
relaxation time before the party where's
Alfie where's Alfie
oh hello Alfie have you had a good day
jumping in their clothes as she did it
so I had to get in oh how is your stuff
on stage this morning sick on stage I
should see like an improv meter like
randomly yeah for like four and a half
hours and it's so good how is your day
man it's called me and Stephen Bend in a
free hour oh you know I saw yeah yeah
have you seen the Instagram guy is
looking true yeah I have arrived this
week perfect timing perfect I mean sorry
are you ready to eat sir yes just arise
Party Time party time
Troy how did you find the pie so God how
did you find playlists good how are you
Tyler hey hey how did you find playlists
playlists was good
I've lost my voice I sound like a man
without you have lost your voice it's
because I went through puberty I'm now
25 BAM party's over
another amazing boy we have arrived to
IHOP I hot and I don't know if I'm in
the mood for pancakes but I'm in the
mood for friendship are you in the mood
for friendship you can sit right next to
me I decided to try to eat healthy I up
I found this on the menu it's relatively
healthy I think this is also looks
extremely healthy freedom thank you I
hope that was delicious so we got back
from I hope we've gone for a little
stroll we have come across a very
peculiar motel room this is might the
most interesting thing I've seen is this
is where they keep their hands and I
don't know this is a great place to keep
ham
Ben's wearing a sauce pan as a hat yeah
sure let's don't explain yourself it but
basically the sauce pan was a perfect
accomplishment my hair starts evening
where we left everyone else to continue
their adventures tonight and it's like
it's pretty late I think it's it's just
gone 5:00 a.m. I'm gonna get some sleep
it's been a beautiful final evening a
playlist and I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
