hi i'm andrew from v w a and this is fun
for Louie
today we've come back to this nice
little coffee shop and I'm gonna try the
Tim Tam slam for the first time I'm
excited
well how do we do this Tim Town
something yeah you do it you demonstrate
and it melts through the chocolate okay
okay
yeah
you recovered from my file
so we've had our compulsory few hours of
speech and we're now going to do
to shopping great sums up to cook some
food tonight and I'm gonna help us maybe
just getting the ingredients little
cherry tomatoes
cherry boys yeah victimized
okay I know this makes me look stupid
but I have never seen one of these
before
but what is that 4365 we have all the
ingredients time to cook I'm excited
spicy Italian pasta dish see this is
clever
I wouldn't thought of it I would have
cooked associates first we've cooked
through the me we're done the veg
asparagus throwing the pasta in there
this is successful meal you can cook
that was a surprisingly delicious quail
offensive no that's a good government
and we are now heading to see some guys
that you know before yeah yeah the guys
that run the cafe we've been visiting
yeah in the house and then another one
of race was friends is doing an EP
launch yeah so it should be fun life
well that was an awesome night you guys
have gotta check out Jack's music very
talented all right we're back home and
it's definitely bedtime I'm feeling a
little bit zap from the Sun today
obviously feeling tiny bit not burnt but
just mmm like a little bit burnt
not deep Beth's oh I'm tired I'll see
you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life we live the
adventure boom
