so I've just woken up and Rachel has
come down and we are talking to Dave
we're talking to Dave and Skype hey Dave
you guys to miss they perceive you've
been saying in the comments with Dave
here he is we've left the house and
we're on our way to go get coffee and
some breakfast and again it's an
incredible day are they were gonna be
saying that every day
so Rachel's off to the beach I'm gonna
catch up with her later I'm now going
for a little lunch meeting the
Australian Tourism Board and invited me
into a little chat and see if they've
got any cool ideas for my time out here
cuz I'm gonna be here for a while so
yeah that's fun
so that was a pretty cool meeting
it's really exciting the Tourism Board
have suggested a bunch of stuff which
they would love to invite me to come and
experience around Australia so obviously
like you know the Contiki tour just
finished was like a sponsor thing they
invite avoid me to come out with some
other youtubers and experience it all
and now yeah I think for the next couple
of months there's at some points
throughout that I'll have some I've been
invited to go don't do some cool things
so I I'm looking forward to showing you
guys around Australia it's going to be
exciting get on the bus then the album
Rachel at the beach
I've arrived in an area called ey and
I'm walking out to DUI Beach
I'm really looking for just laying down
chilling
that was beautiful that was so awesome
the waves are so much fun to jump in
we popped briefly back to Rachel's
parents house let they were nearby and I
dried my hair got changed now we're
heading out to dinner we're on the north
side of the Sydney Bridge and Rachel
lives kind of south side so we're gonna
stay up this area I think we're going
gonna go out for drinks they're friends
after dinner
so it's gonna be nice evening we're in a
Japanese restaurant teach me how to do
this right
we have now come somewhere else for
dessert a nice gelato place which the
Spice Girls
Bravo's and I got coconut and chocolate
gelato I'm looking forward to this I'm a
big chocolate
we've had a nice evening out with them
some of Rachel's friends and we've just
popped into a supermarket get some food
has anyone ever seen bananas like this
before they have got red tips to them
this is like really bizarre to me
another exciting facts straight next to
the bananas which one of my favorite
food chocolate that is also one of my
favorite foods and in Australia there's
way more Cadbury's flavors than in the
UK
this one looks amazing look six
different flavors great so tell us about
the Tim Tam slam heard a lot about this
at the meetups and stuff when I've been
meeting Australians they're like you've
got to throw tin some slabs oh well
we're back at the house and it's time
for bed I just need to clarify something
for you guys just so you don't get
confused over the next month or so I'm
gonna be probably every other day
releasing an episode of the India vlogs
which I didn't release a September I've
released the first one today India
Adventures day one I've logged every
single day Jack and Finn are doing four
episodes on their channel of the overall
trip and but I've got kind of drawn out
kind of behind the scenes it's a bit
slower paced but I've done every single
day as usual as my normal blocks so
you've got a lot to look forward to I'm
gonna actually be releasing those the
same day as my vlogs and I'm trying to
space them out kind of in the morning
and afternoon to stuff but it may be
quite a lot of videos coming this month
so hopefully not too many let me know in
the comments if that's going to be too
much yeah I catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
