hi my name is Garrett I'm from Canada
and you're watching front for Louie so
this morning we've been playing doctors
and nurses and I've had my my infected
knuckle treated I didn't really tell you
guys about that by having an effective
method it's good now it's good enough
and we're just chillin obviously having
some more laptop Club and and we just
have to breakfast healthy breakfast
donut brownies summaries really the
bathroom rhythm
I think it's Nick
we were explaining how to make a flat
white to America and and Nick's got a
YouTube video up and he's gonna show you
the lovely girl here how to make that
work for us
are we embarrassing UK a little bit then
you can
you should just run you right beside
cheese and ham panini amazing next up
some weird strange green thing it's just
a wrap thing is it because it's then
what is it today no isn't it like some
better expected a NIC just hit 15,000
subscribers in YouTube well done man
high-five boom and if you haven't
already don't check his channel out
positive vibes a lot of positive vibes
in this channel
we're having a fancy dress party loose
in the shop I'm real proud of being
American oh yeah ain't dealing okay
please get Australia go get them Gators
do an Australian accent yeah you do
tricky money Bobby that's yeah like a
not so lucky
I'm thinking either an American flag do
RAC exam or this guy also guys look at
the size of this t-shirt this is this is
a texas-sized feature
Wow don't don't don't don't don't think
don't think you should man it get these
American flag at best
yeah we could we could just get them for
fun yeah exams getting a t-shirt here
Keep Calm and partly with is that
your life might say oh yeah we have
decided to all get these best guys we're
doing I think we're gonna rock it
together like Team America Amerika
Amerika
let's go home yes oh I would not want to
get bitten by him I think I can get the
lid open a little bit maybe I could
stick my hand in and strike it were you
getting put on your mouth this would not
fit anyone's mouth we met these lovely
girls in the candy store and they're
giving us candy and stuff how are you
doing
she's just choppin fudge is that fudge
oh yes please how exciting away from a
beer just driven down to the beach and
we go into the spirit we can drive on to
the sand and we've kind of got the van
stuck in the sand come and check this
out
the wheels are kind of dug themselves in
we seriously need to figure out plan
such a gorgeous evening perfect for
penny boarding
sameen hey Turner just come for a little
skate down to the beach this is pretty
epic
we have left Kate's family home and we
said goodbye to Garrett and we're now
heading onwards on the road trip but
we're going via what Whataburger which
is the most incredible Texan burger
joint
I got spicy jalapeno burger onion rings
fry our distillery so good
oh yeah sure though what a burger so
next thing the first shifter you ready
to roll Nick
yeah you feel a minute you guys ready to
roll
yeah I'm ready to rock yeah
it's 2 a.m. Nick's gonna do a bit more
driving then I'm gonna take over and do
the night shift I'll catch you guys
tomorrow we're going to New Orleans
peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
