good morning guys it's bright and early
here in Cape Town and I've just driven
we live the adventure van down to a
building supply place didn't watch
yesterday's vlog basically today we are
starting an epic influence a trip that
we're hosting as live the adventure in
Cape Town and then we're heading up for
the North and South Africa for a game
Drive later in the week a Safari place
we've got some epic plans and there's
gonna be some epic people here but I've
got some last-minute things to do we're
doing a helicopter ride in a couple of
days and I'm trying to find a way of
fitting the 360 camera to the helicopter
so I'm running in to try and find
something here it's all very last-minute
things we're launching the website later
today between the link below yeah it's
all pretty mad yeah that's the way
things go you know unfortunately not a
very successful mission it's just yeah
this is quite a complicated thing I'm
trying to do and I don't really know the
fit thing I'm attaching to on the
helicopter and I think I'm gonna try and
figure this out later cos it's not top
priority we're not doing the helicopter
til cheese they say I'm gonna head back
grab my stuff and yeah head to the the
new apartment that we're staying in
alright guys I have packed in a few of
mine and Rhys bags and things we're
leaving our apartment we're gonna be
back
and I think 10 days some of that anyway
I need to rush over now and meet the
people that are letting us into the new
apartment and guys you are not ready for
this apartment it's like from the
pictures I've seen I don't have ever
been in an apartment that incredible so
yeah I'm looking forward to it but as
usual running a little bit late we have
arrived at the apartment check this out
this is the living room literally this 3
humongous couches dining room table and
then look at this view and swimming pool
this whole serving pool is on a shelf
that's floating
to this out
I've been told this is one of the most
sought-after exclusive apartments in
Cape Town
this is yeah this is crazy so yeah it's
kind of like the calm before the storm
right now we're just kind of running
around getting the last few things
sewage but over the next few hours
everyone's gonna be arriving okay this
is Ash and is it saline yes Salim he's
he's kind of hosting us for the house is
looking after us and we're just getting
these gift bags ready for everyone
that's coming yeah this is so exciting
and we got look they went and got a load
of snacks and I'll give you a proper
tour of the house in a minute guys I
just got a little look around this floor
up here is I think is probably going to
be where where we're gonna stay how
crazy is this place yeah
hands down okay let me show you more of
the house these are the three middle
bedrooms just put the Welcome packs out
in the beds and then this opens up to
the middle kind of balcony check this
out so there's another lounge down here
and then there's one bedroom two bedroom
three bedroom at the end here and then
this is the master suite
it's crazy for a little office through
here I love the architecture of this
place you guys this is the gym that we
have in the house
realistic using that oh no way I'm
trying to get fit I'm super zenus this
week and then this is our cinema room
check this out
we're gonna try and do like your recaps
of each day something which washing
together okay just finishing a little
bit of work obviously grabbing some
lunch check this check this setup they
put out for us this morning I don't even
know what these are what these
fix I think they called common cause
maybe we have a new guest we have Aggie
has arrived and Michael hello
right the house is starting to fill up
Aggie how you enjoying Cape Town so far
guys we have some new new people in new
arrivals we've got Chelsea got Jacob and
Sam the team's almost complete the TV's
almost complete what do you guys think
of the place and I meani that Blizzard
nowhere in the world I need to jump in I
need to like just cool off in this life
yeah an easy
okay sounds teaching Chelsea how to back
somersault into the pole so basically
what you do is you throw your arms back
you lie down so that you're parallel
with the ground when you're at that
point so you're gonna be flat you
basically gonna be with this and then
you're gonna tuck your legs it's gonna
be it's gonna happen too fast you're not
gonna be able to see it but basically
once you get to like about here tuck
your knees in check them in check them
in
this is the biggest door in the world
you got it right you got it
is it getting heavier each type
thankfully today the chill day before we
really start to pop our itinerary
tomorrow so I'm glad we have this day
but people arriving and just relaxing
Helen and Zack are actually sleeping so
I think they're pretty jet-lagged they
flew in this morning from the US Raya
and agry a gear getting some cooler
shots
it looks terrifying where you're
standing from here yeah that's cool the
guys this week Kyle and Bryn gonna be
helping us capture content cars gonna be
doing Anna stories throughout the day on
the Instagram account they live the
adventure Instagram account and Brynn's
gonna be shooting a more cinematic thing
for us to post I guess we're going for
like a minute long video or something do
you think I can minute long video though
we're gonna be posting on Instagram
every day you guys can keep up to date
with what we're doing and this is fun
having a bunch of creators together look
at this
eat eating all things so good
but to special visitors have just
arrived right yes a little behind the
scenes sneak peek at Ben's videos about
the drop yeah guys I'll link this below
they're going to pick up Ben's new drain
video you girls enjoying the view
he's so nice being this side yeah
basically me and Raya
staying like the other side of the
mountain in Clermont which is like we we
don't see the sunset probably kind of
dips behind the mountain but this side
it just gets darker later so glad we
found this spot we've got my mega boom
out getting some party vibes going
Nick's just arrived and and
all right dinner it's getting sorted
yeah right I saw a little behind the
scenes of the cooking guys Mel's here
again you might remember her from my
blog the other day she is catering for
us tonight get all the food swords I'm
looking forward to it because she makes
great food some guacamole what's on the
menu tonight now we have some well rice
with cookies a chickpea little chili con
carne
I have a little sneak oh yeah
it's super high in protein okay good
good yeah okay I'll let you get on I'll
let you go on guys if you're in Cape
Town and want any catering done I'll
link mail below and she does this she
does this kind of stuff oh yeah
bitch come on everything is plant-based
and 13 movie but exciting
get the sport dinner going
all this I cannot wait to tuck into this
let's do a quick review what's the food
like guys yeah listen let a little round
of applause from a little crowd about
the water crisis going on it's not too
late not even midnight yet but these are
the hardcore edit team got riot Chelsea
Jacob Aggie Michael just went to bed as
well as doing the vlog and Instagram
stuff and Instagram stories I'm also
just trying to complete the last final
touches to the live the adventure
website by and by the time this vlog
goes up its gonna be ready to check out
guys so go and check it out tell me what
you think we've had a full redesign
there's loads of new sections and
there's whole sections on the trips that
we've done over the last couple years
and events like the summit's and the
little section on this trip which you
can check out now and I might as well
sign out as well because I think we're
gonna go to bed soon so catch you in the
morning guys tomorrow we've got an
action-packed day we're doing dolphin
kayaking and we're doing or else we do
we're going to Kirsten Bosh they're
beautiful gardens and we're going to go
to it like an outside concert there and
there's gonna be plug plenty of other
stuff but I will see them peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
