he travels rama water please fresh
coffee - and how Jesus dress survive I
have no clues in the Australian easier
than Kenya it's fun for living
so it's about cool past 6:00 in the
morning and haven't slept yet there's
another day and we haven't quite made it
to the Grand Canyon for sunrise but
we'll probably be there like three hours
I'm hoping seals up for a driving shift
because I am very tired but it looks
like gonna be a beautiful sunrise I'm
like yeah stay awake a little bit longer
then you can see guys but the Sun is on
the horizon
all right so
just not done
now
driving
that's good legal
it's legal
see ya essentially break so we're gonna
go
proudly stand up
everybody Fork
god bless the USA
how's your draw gun neck well just start
snow just pretty rad no no it's the
Grand Canyon ingenue
and we did plant Gary a little bit
earlier back with breaks and all that
stuff you're always gonna get you're
always going to over no underestimate
how long it takes you places
Rancho kids I've got a few hours sleep
this amazing spot sounds down there now
for look how comfortable days okay you
don't really sound how comfortable it is
but it's good good spot
we're just pulling up to the Grand
Canyon gates and there's these Park
Rangers which we're gonna have to like
pay some money to go in those is where
we'll listen yeah man looks like dodgy
yeah I'm the one that looks out enjoy
life the adventure we've all had to pill
and slightly warmer clothes because
although it's sunny it's actually live
chill in the air
we found a little cafe before we walk
down to the edge of the Grand Canyon and
I've got a nice and morning coffee
sitting in the Sun
this is epic guys honestly overwhelming
you kind of look out and it just looks
like a painting you can't really get
totally gauge the depth of how far
everything is stunning though I can see
why this is one of the natural wonders
of the world just chillin on the edge of
the canyon you know cash gets a good
selfie well we in Sam and a little
adventure we climbed over the fence and
yeah it gets the heart rate going a bit
being right on the edge but pretty safe
really unless you're stupid you feeling
pumped how is your Grand Canyon
experience yeah that's good filming it
how about you Nick I feel sick I get it
that's in my stomach people there I was
awful
although the views of things but yeah
see summarize your experience in three
words no in Iraq very very cool
so just before we set off we needed to
check the fuses in the in the vet
so just before we set off we needed to
check the fuses in the van and we found
out that the one for the cigarette
lighter for powering our iPhones and
stuff is blind so we're trying to figure
out whether there's a spare one or
whether we need to stop and get some
spares less electrics
so me and Nick have got laptop Club
going up
and
me and Kate got videos ready to upload
but we're struggling with the internet
on phone so hopefully we can find
Internet in the next couple of hours we
are in the Walmart and we're stocking up
on a few things getting some more water
toiletries and we're trying to find some
snack food for the journey there's so
much stuff in here I've just completely
been overwhelmed and I can't even
remember what we need say I haven't
really got much so I'm giving Kate lifts
in the trolley and apparently codes a
place called Cracker Barrel County
school ready steak burgers delicious
apparel
look at that guys that is a true
American meal right there
Haroon is important we are fed refueled
cleaned and we're now heading off from
the next leg we've got 14 hours till we
get to Austin Texas I'm going to try and
catch the tail end of South by Southwest
and spirits are high spirits are high
I'm back in my cozy little spot the next
little while get some rest because I'm
probably gonna do another late night
drive right which starts with a service
station
they are an adhesive drive a basic good
distance kind of good distance
so ready disorientating this is one of
the things with right tricks is kind of
lose your bearings but it's been an
amazing day and patch guys tomorrow will
be joining in Texas peace out enjoy
knife
you
