and you're watching fun for Louie just
go on the coach we're off to do a
challenge which I don't we don't know
what it is yet but like we're in teams
and I start and I'm pretty tired how do
you sleep toy ah I mean like this like I
woke up this morning and I was like I'm
going to get seal this trip just cuz you
know sorry chance but the best kind of
intent so to see I haven't told you guys
yet but every morning we got this theme
tune that plays on the coaches with
going to our location and this is the
this is
people don't seem that enthusiastic Oh
Ali does she's getting into it Troy's
getting
standard santa unicycling this is our
team Nadine Jack what's the name the
artists team didgeridoo errs I like it
Tim's about to tell us what the
challenge is today so turns out the
challenge is like a photo challenge we
need to we need to take some photo
postcards with the whole team and we're
against these guys and edge of energy
and we're getting filmed and stuff it's
it's all it's all pretty pretty exciting
you're running we're running
we're running we're gonna we're gonna
run so much running early in the morning
especially jog Oh
okay we're running because we have to
find this koala bear like I don't know
whether it's like a cuddly koala bear it
might be a guy dressed up as a koala and
I might but turns out the Koala without
a costume and one of the times where
it's like I volunteer
we met some viewers but they kind of
want to come along for the job we're
talking all the way around to the Opera
House hey I'm not bad fun I'm just
running I'm leavin part of it we are
surrounded by Sanders Sanders everywhere
and we've almost finished I think we
still got time yeah I think we made it
I think we made it yes didgeridoo is
this bird on high five that definitely
woke me up running around in the quality
and Blazing Sun whoa they are in the
process of adjudicating they're totally
up the points and then we're going to
they're going to announce the winning
team who do you think won Jesse I don't
think we want know we made a mistake we
did something dumb we went that way for
trying your pitches and then we realize
we're good
did you think one hammer so the winner
is announced and you can guys find out
who won and what their viewers one on
the 52 channel which you can see in the
description below
but from the coach right now I think
we're going surfing we've stopped for a
quick photo opportunity now it's quite a
nice view from here
let's go surfing right I'm going to my
Wednesday we're all gearing up ready to
sir
where's your wedding today the day this
is really good advice guys do what you
love and love what you do
great point great point so the team
split some of us serving some of us on
we're going to head that beat now rides
away
you
I had to come in because I got
dehydrated and I got cramping my tremor
stretch out but there's a lot of fun I
stood up like six times
I said well walk back up to the surf
shop got changed and I think we're about
to head back it's just starting to rain
but that was awesome had a little nap in
the hotel overslept a little bit but
we're now on the coach the way to meet
up and I think there's quite a few
people waiting so we're going to find a
package
finally the sun's come out this is so
nice you feeling full of energy for the
minute I don't think I'll be energized
off other people's energy Oh doctor I'm
off to big satisfy my feelings same
reason oh my gosh honey drips told me
you slam a red bull or live oh no that's
probably not gay how you feeling today
I feel fine circus huh jellyfish oh
there's police police have arrived to
help with security I guess just keep
everything under control
and we just been assigned our fashion
station my fights my price
well being here few hours staying well
how are you handling life
yeah it's great it's awesome
straight meeting everyone so the police
out there said we can't go outside and I
think I think quite a few people did get
to come in and meet us so if you are one
of those people I'm so sorry and it's
been really hard logistically being able
to meet everyone and like the police
have been like trying to contain the
crowd stuff so I don't know maybe we can
make some other time and you think
that's me right so it's been fun it's
been cool meeting everyone Roy what have
you got there is a present that somebody
apparently from Canberra guys these a
kangaroo balls kangaroo scrotum that is
that is a that is amazing right let's go
police escort
we've come out for dinner at King Street
Wharf to a place called Nicks and we pre
ordered our food and most of us ordered
the kangaroo steak which is probably a
panic typical touristy thing to do is
when I have some kangaroo meat by Monica
thought you guys might remember Rachel
from Dubai when we went to the water
park
she's lives in Sydney she's come down to
hang out looking forward to this
kangaroo me it looks like a good steak
ah that was a delicious meal nice
catching up with my friend Rachel and uh
I'm gonna head up now some people are
going out but I only got two hours sleep
I'll slice this that's not really gonna
work for me that was a great last day in
Sydney tomorrow we're off to Ellery
which is that massive rock in the middle
of Australia and we're leaving early so
get some sleep
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
