hey guys i'm danielle from scotland
enjoy watching wonderfully good morning
guys
me and sear on our way to a meeting with
fullscreen the YouTube network we were
at the party last night a little noise
and basically the plan today is to see
if they will be up for supporting our
little road trip plan to Florida because
obviously it's going to cost quite that
money and they might be up for getting
involved interesting sponsorship stuff
I said the other day in my travels
tennis videos that some of the stuff I'm
doing is sponsored so like the Tourism
Board stuff and I was in Australia New
Zealand some of my travels there were
helped some of the funding was helped by
the tourism boards and a few people said
they're really keen to know when that
happens
so I could be open with you guys so I'm
being a committee guys that's the plan
that we get some of our travel covered
works there you go that's the way life
works and if there's opportunities like
that they're not gonna grab hold of it
so let's hope this works out well I mean
this road trip could actually happen
from screen ups is there chill get into
those here we all had crazy dreams last
night I woke up and felt like so
disorientated
I'm only just coming back into reality
right now ah well we had quite good
meeting I think it was relatively
successful we've not got 100%
confirmation yet but fullscreen said
they're gonna try and make something
happen
arrange something for us to get a
vehicle and we're just gathering a bit
of a team still you excited about this
potential road trip oh gosh I've always
wanted to do this and it's happening
it's literally from one side of America
to the other and I'm excited
right we've just been chillin for a
little bit and we're now heading to the
Griffith Observatory to see the sunset
we can't quite get to the height to the
Hollywood sign but there's a good view
from there so it's good compromise looks
like I've got a shotgun again it's a
good thing about having long legs always
get shotgun
well with Roger the Griffith Observatory
and it's a lovely evening and you can
just see the Hollywood sign over there
oh it is beautiful up here
but also very chilly you cold okay my
hands are gone like very very cold this
is a great spot Hollywood sign sunset
and then over here you literally got a
total view of downtown LA I have a
telescope here I'm gonna go look at me
what can you see what can you see you
see a stream detail extremely detail
like you've never seen yet we are in
like jumpers jackets and we're cold look
at this guy he must be freezing
it's basically naked
what it is look blue I want to tell you
something okay okay okay okay
fetch me something all right here uh you
know I was watching your video right
right and I just want to say ah this
hand you touched seconds ago wasn't his
butt
no that's disgusting so where are we so
we're at the secret burgers joint right
and this guy he won like an award show
and I've got cooking show and he rents
this place out for two days and he he
makes this like five-star like it would
cost you $40 for this burger but he does
it for a ten because he thinks it
doesn't cost so much money to make good
food and how do people find out about
this place weird amount this is there's
no science it's secret it isn't actually
no sign there's you can't you can't find
this place on a sorta Mouse
so we're just curious till like 45
minutes later for some burgers and we've
made some friends were your name's Jesse
hello are you excited about your burgers
oh very excited I've been waiting for
about an hour and a half a pound is
worth that they said it's worth the
weight so hopefully he's listen Louie he
bought yeah yeah yeah he bought all of
our bird bought all of us our birds and
how we weren't expecting I was down
there at my car night he's like guys it
steps like steps like Louise Peete for
all of us so I'm like he's freezing and
so the you know the least I can do is go
where's he he never could handle March
and that's the thing about this guy he's
just so crazy and you know I thought he
could handle the coldness but he's gonna
have to find a new friend
oh it's arrived it is arrived this is
exciting I can't believe it's real
look at that speed burger is so good
right we're all right what's her is it
no chemica city you go right through me
I did it
yeah he's another lie I'll tell him this
what's happening
okay we've arrived at the Janoskians
party but we may not be able to fill the
near parentage there's no filming
allowed good I'm good
so the party's ended and we're now going
to crave which is like a all-night cafe
and I'm excited it's like 3:00 in the
morning the whole party literally
arrived at crave look our little
sleepover going on we've got okay yeah
Kate's completely crashed out and and
we've got what's the fun here today yeah
we're gonna sleep so see you guys
tomorrow peace out enjoy life
