well I've just been chilling this
morning long lion and I'm very hungry
time the guy on the stage some food
let's see we can find any food over here
welcome this is a stir-fry with
vegetables spinach potentially mushrooms
we saw that my retail store can I order
a portion of your delicious step for
Italy you're more than welcome
frying sandwich I decided to come and
chill by the pool for a little bit let's
soak up some Sun such a glorious day
well I'll just spend the last 45 minutes
in the hot tub pretty awesome and I'm
now strolling back to Kate's apartment
and we're gonna go on a bit of an
adventure this really tall rock nearby
like a mountain you look so handsome how
handsome to say that guys that's know
from one to ten in the comments oh no I
don't care I like I don't I really don't
care I just like just don't we're trying
to figure out what we want to name our
new apartment so what do you think pound
town drill Ville Smashville I was the
other one smash pad this match right
yeah what do you guys think I'm gonna
drill bill or Pallet Town
I like those good hey what's your vote
with all our options those are terrible
two against one no no no Oh an honor
all right honey this next part the climb
is pretty intense I'm excited
that's Kate's car just there put a view
guys I really want to climb this rock
we start to make our way back getting
dark we're gonna get stuck up here in
the dark apparently it's very dangerous
we have an injury guys and they're in
the current like an oval shape nice need
it probably gonna fit some food it's
super walk I love Chinese food we have a
feast this is called chicken chow fun
very fun
what is your fortune can you say Garrett
pretty super honest this an enjoyable
vacation is awaiting you
you'll be great success both in business
and socially that's nice - the Sun
shine through your heart and warm your
soul oh we're just saying good things
come to those who wait be patient okay
patience
guys it's hot tub time again oh so
excited
that was a lovely hot tub sessions and
now we're going out for some food
I'm with mahogany and our cousin August
what's this
it's a builder on Sunday oh wow and I
got some apple crisp caramel thing yeah
we call it apple crumble in England just
got back and before Denny's I put my
towel is to me shoots down on Kate's car
and it got stolen wait did you guys
steal it yeah you guys right where we go
now I do we're gonna do a little
impromptu video at our friend Kayla's
let's do it oh wait we're gonna shoot a
YouTube video what all right so we're
just setting up for our video this video
is how to speak Spanish it might be a
twist to it I don't really know yet when
are you putting this up tomorrow
today oh cool brilliant oh so the video
should be ready for you guys to watch
well it's 10:00 to 3:00 in the morning
and like I said yesterday I'm gonna give
you guys some small nuggets of travel
advice best I can I mean it's a bit
difficult because I travel quite in
quite a unique way and especially at the
moment with the YouTube stuff going on
and some support from tourism boards in
the last few months I'm in a very unique
position but only try and think back to
a few years back maybe when I wasn't in
this unique position and how I managed
to travel so much because I've always
travelled even before I started this
channel and I've been travelling since
as a teenager and it's incredible and a
lot of you've asked over the last few
weeks and months
how can you guys travel easily and
without spending tons of cash and I've
got a few ideas I've been thinking about
one probably the first time I was
traveling a lot with friends
we were driving places and I bought a
minibus and between me and a lot of
friends I think sometimes between like
eight to fourteen friends we would chip
in for fuel costs and the different
costs involved with traveling and we'd
actually sleep in the vehicle
we had hammocks and all sorts now this
might not be everyone's cup of tea and
you might prefer to stay in hotels and
stuff but I'm just telling you the way
to travel cheap so yeah we did road
trips all over Europe and it was lucky
annual tradition we had and that was
like a really cheap way of travelling
and seeing a load of cool stuff and not
doing doing the traditional thing I
think if you're more into package
holidays and staying in Nice places with
luxuries and stuff then it's gonna be
more pricey to travel something else
which I've not done for long periods of
time but you don't have to save up tons
and tons of tons of money and then go
and just have a holiday for months on
end and there are ways you can travel to
places and work there so for instance
I've just come from Australia Australia
offer this working holiday visa for
various countries definitely the UK made
the America but what you can do is you
can go out there and if you're between
the age of 18 and 30 and you can
basically work and that will cover your
costs whilst you're there so you it's
long as you can like afford the flight
and little bit money you can go out and
experience these other countries
Australia whatever and fund on the go
which i think is quite an incredible
opportunity and I highly recommend it if
you guys are in that age bracket maybe
you've left school you're in your gap
year definitely look into that I'll
leave a link in the description for you
to look into that yeah I guess other
advice is just try to challenge yourself
on what's like completely necessary you
might
have a very expensive taste in food or
you might like staying at 5-star hotels
challenge all of that and say okay what
would you sacrifice in order to travel
and see the world would you be willing
to eat really cheap food like I went to
Rome once with my friends and we
basically just slipped out
we took a tent and we slept outside and
we bought like the cheapest bread and we
did it and we like squatted in buildings
coming to stay safe I'm saying you
should stay safe definitely but yeah I
think you just need to think outside the
box when you're travelling and I love to
meet locals sometimes stay with locals
if that's an opportunity and get shown
around and try not to get conned by
tourist traps there's plenty of other
advice I could give you but maybe we
should open this up to have a Q&A if so
if you guys want to ask more specific
questions in the comments I could answer
those in the next couple of days or
maybe do some kind of livestream or
something I hope that's been helpful and
tomorrow I'm helping Kate and Cyr and
Edwin move house and we've got a lot of
heavy lifting to do so she'll probably
get some rest I catch you then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
