hi I'm Hannah and you're watching fun
for Louie well it's a beautiful early
morning and Layne is kicking up some
bacon and eggs so I can cook yes don't
be impressed that I'm slaving over
Easter this is the only thing that ever
cooked a lot and what's the plan today
what we're doing we're going to beat
some things what you have to go shopping
for stuff don't you yeah maybe thank you
see here I forgot a few things but
definitely after the beach right we've
gone out shopping because I need some
short I need some swimming shorts and I
need some Shores and probably some other
things I forgot when I came out here oh
but the weather is making me so happy
we've come to target and I'm trying on
some shorts because the only shorts that
brought didn't have pockets so I've got
these shorts I've got these shorts
Luna's laughing a true because I'm just
changing right here so I'm just getting
my new SIM card so I've got a number in
Australia you're just getting it soiid
out we are having an extremely
productive morning I've got everything I
need
I'm just going to go in to look at
glasses now because I
forgot my glasses just arrived at
another shopping center where there's
this sound express like fight s glasses
service that might be able to get me
some glasses before I go to Sydney
Friday s website how weird is this yet
it's sunny outside and it's Christmas
time in Australia and there's a father
Christmas who dressed up with like
Christmas trees and stuff he must be
boiling okay how exciting this went into
place to get my eyes tested and they got
my prescription and got my glasses in
like an hour
right we're gonna go find some food I'm
pretty hungry we've met up with Tim and
Amy Hey look at the size of Lina's
vlogging camera that is not a bucket
that is not a camera loser
Tim's learning baton twirling yeah we've
gone down to the beach
and it's good the sun's kind of gone in
by still warm still nice and warm try to
swim or pattern we're gonna look at this
guy he's flying yeah hot water jet pack
are there any dangerous animals here and
in the sea not in this particular scene
no I don't think they know to say right
let's hold him okay like my friend
Louise coming man like stay away for a
few days
guys check out this force in the sea
yeah
he's off he's got a finger look at him
this place is called Luna Park but
there's a very scary man that's gay it's
this scary guy
why did you put scary man at the gate
anyone to come into my cart okay
so we've arrived at the hotel and we're
going to check in and drop this table
and then we're going to see we're gonna
find out who else is around and stuff we
managed to blacks and parking at the
hotel which is handy we kicked up Troy
who's joined us for the adventure
tonight we're going to go over and see
Tim he met earlier and perform at a bar
yeah
but in Melbourne there's this thing
called a hook turn which is you get in
the left-hand Lane turn right which
doesn't make any sense I can't explain
it but this is this is for some reason
we're parked here and we want to go that
way maybe this way critical driving
Lunars making this up very funny
we're about to join the forces of
manhood here we go we all won No
that's your first hook turn did you
enjoy that people in the street station
remember there you've got Federation
Square just here
angel and then I think that's a younger
Jackson home anyway the point is I
should have do more right now was to
receiving each other let's go look at
the name of this restaurant that's
amazing
Tim's not on yet so we're going to go
out and get some food Troy's quite
hungry how's your flight from Perth Troy
good it was like two and a half yeah
mine was a little bit longer from London
yeah
boy I've got to say Tim's performance
was incredible tonight you guys have to
go and check him out this guy here
riding the trolley $2.00 no yeah well
but I really like my car I never wanted
me negative $72 we are stopping on
Becky's house yeah they're a party and
it is in the tallest building in
Melbourne and the car is quite good in
Australia totally building Australians
swell is it that is an amazing vid I am
such mary carillo my gosh how crazy is
this way no this is a physical tell my
company I'm liking it
Louise about to get his back did you
just say that weight heavier people on
your back yeah we just left Curry's
apartment okay everyone's heading off me
and Troy walking back to the hotel so we
would get a try find a rooftop Bob I
think we got there too late and it
closed right I'm off to sleep catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
