hey what's up I'm Chad suin I'm from
Melbourne Australia and you're watching
fun for Louie
so today I've managed to get up a bit
earlier get some work done in the
morning and now having lunch with mum
it's like a pasta salmon kind of fried I
just think it's nice
all right I just popped out sighs I've
been meaning to do this for a while I've
got a concept idea where I want to get a
photo of inside Rodney and I'm gonna use
it as an end screen see all my flocks
where you can click onto other things
and you know to other videos and all
that I need to give Darcy him her fairy
lights back right I think like this kind
of sharp here maybe something like that
go get my penny board in there look at
this professional photo shoot Darcy's
gonna give me a hand feel me
successful video shoot I pulled that
clip onto my computer and I'm now just
playing around cutting it out I'm going
to do a different background to it and
stuff The Audacity of jump in the car
we're gonna go pick up Hilary and her
husband Adam and we're gonna have a big
family fun night tonight I'm gonna be
away for Christmas Hillary's you to vote
for Christmas and this is dad's birthday
next month and I'm in Australia next
week
oh I'll still be nice right yeah
Furion a deliverer okay we didn't hear
that well where where we've got things
at hand look at this boy
now isn't that cool I want to serve this
I want to good I hope to sprout upset
our purple Brussels sprouts on the stem
as cheap as these this year sorry where
was all this so I know I didn't even
know process we're screwed yeah I'm
gonna actually cook it on that and we're
gonna sit on the table like that oh yeah
yeah roast dinner very early Christmas
more than a month supposed to be diluted
concentrate so we just realized Hilary
my other sister for those of you who
don't know is the only one in our family
now without a youtube channel so we need
to pester her to do her music and get
some videos up there yeah yeah coming
next year 2014 watch out I'm gonna find
Josh and asking the rules on this game
that you can play with Scrabble pieces
because we want to pair that with game
whilst dad's cooking the roast dinner hi
Josh is Hillary so you don't by the end
of the game it doesn't matter like the
scores but it's just literally first
person to finish wins yeah thanks for
telling us the the Rose because I'd
forgotten them
now this seems like an extremely boring
game but I promise you it is officer I'm
not wonderful words there's nothing
about it is I love I love this game
you've seen better than real Scrabble
right the rules are you take five pieces
H three and then you turn them around
make a word or the combination of words
like a crossword style and then when she
was completed it you then take two more
we will all take two more and then you
have to keep on making a crossword
okay let's go
from the games and the man is ready when
I run out of time
I've never seen Brussels sprouts from
their store that's amazing
you feeling Christmas you'll see
Christmas in tired
yeah we're doing that because there's
little bells in the crackers oh yeah the
delicious meal together now dropping
Hitler and Adam at the train station
they go back home see you later when I'm
back and I'm cracking up with some work
I keep being distracted by um have any
of you seen this new 24 hours of happy
for hours new music video 24 hour music
video it's really a bit there I am I
should probably just have it like
playing on a screen next to me isn't
working
that'd be good I've got this image and
I've spent a while cutting it out as I
just popped in a little sunset writer
pleasure I was the lighting just to get
that looking a bit more like you're
inside it's darker around here I just
need to get the screen looking a bit
more like it's a windscreen
well I finished with the workers trying
to get done tonight and it was such a
good day hanging out at home see my
family I know I've been hanging out at
home a lot last couple weeks but don't
worry real adventures start soon when I
go to Australia and a couple of days
right I've got something important to
tell you guys before I go it's the 23rd
today when I upload this a 24 hour
livestream charity event called stick
aid has started at midday today in his
ending tomorrow Sunday the 24th so you
can tune in watch that support it get
involved on link everything below if
you're in London and want to come see me
on stage tonight if you're watching this
today when I uploaded it
there's also links below but click
through and what's the livestream it's
for a good cause
UNICEF get involved right I'm gonna
leave you there and tell me if you like
my outro when you're out right peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
