morning guys
day three of prepping for the world's
flight we're still in Simi Valley just
north of LA we are heading off in a
maybe an hour to head up to where we
going again Tracy California to get
through things all within the plane the
next couple of days we're attempting to
pick up a life raft and emergency life
raft
we're going to rent one we were looking
at buying one yesterday but it's super
expensive and it makes sense to rent one
because hopefully we won't get to use it
awesome go Springfield flash
yeah oh wow you guys ever been in a
smoke situation I've had coughing smoke
critics it's horrible yeah it's horrible
and it's surprising how much you just
can't do anything Jesse you can't
you've got multiple manufacturers of
life rafts that also specializes
Versailles Road please low what we know
right now is your biggest player and
that kind of a across the board both
Inslee but this is going to be fair men
stated so you're going to want to
supplement especially if you're doing
pool water flowing if you don't have to
press in there under kit in here we're
talking you list the contents is just as
simple as possible yet right help the
cheapest possibly hit learning a lot
about light rock
we're trying to make the decision of
whether to rent one or to buy one for
the three months Bitcoin lady is helping
us figure out which which is the better
option for us money right there guys
these are the lasers we're going to take
instead of flares because these last
longer and nothing they're more visible
what's this thing that's now seminar
measures your blood concentration as
oxygen concentration in your blood to
avoid hypoxia your spot yeah
come here right we need return the place
being like a two-month struggle and then
yesterday my friend matches message
snores like you should try the space
video to the dry commercial stations
that little yellow joints a majority and
while that's the only insulated as well
so they're like Mitchell the heavy water
really heavy Oh
after looking at an astronaut but you
know what happens a lot is guys put them
on and then I have a field and they take
off and as they go up this swell up and
then they let the air out and when they
land at all and while this is amazing -
Annette so this is I've already been
with that well there is a motor which
never fits you anyway
like to mention that so I guess it's
only worth trillion it is it wor per
employee so when we get in the life rod
will be to me I'm not going to get cold
he says it like you're fresh target you
get re in - the - degree water looks
like crazy
this is a guy due to fire on the colors
a little bit
most people just put them down here and
then fly ok ok guys this is also voluble
bag that just rattling if goes down
we just grab it and do the life partner
this is where we grab ok I did go give
it a little all right so we got food
2,000 calories purpose we've got four
I've got enough for 4 people so if it's
just you and me we'll get that we got
flared things day nighttime
well they say good signal for Thursday
night clear today nice many of
cartridges for the fair gun which we
have here yes he responds oh and water
pretty important a little packet of
water that should keep us alive so long
Europeans that a medical kit feel like
in the situation you don't instantly
think rationally like you probably
panicking not then what to do just due
to have some kind of life line either
things you need to remember to be but
grab the bag grab the light rod you know
well I think it's that I go I'll be fine
but if we're on an iceberg somewhere we
need to survive for a few days you know
what this I think this is actually
really good smells great
sounds like a fudge bar
except fasting for summer you can't
adjust that right sounds like a slap
shot
yeah flapjack so stick you guys right I
do that the big bike 500 calories I'm
really yummy
it's like shortbread and sure we're
actually now actually does not hate as
well as that no not gonna it some tea
would be great yeah um a no bite but I'd
be tempted to let talk into a survival
rations Herbalife micro I'm so hungry
you're like don't touch somebody much
that's what they always ask me is like
flying must be so exciting away yeah I
tried very hard to make it not exciting
to me that's a very broken zone why I'm
so excited and he discussed all perfect
and like oh you do this we're in a
survival unit and you're like starting
to just snack I hate in Nevada biscuits
I think that's the biggest thing is the
actual insects will have on people that
are watching a contact yeah hopefully
yeah because I know we're pretty liberal
and we're pretty loving of everybody
it's more of the other people that were
trying to yeah can we can we paint can
we like to show shared stories in a way
that like gives people empathy that can
be done yeah currently feel kind of more
protective about like patriotic or let's
close the borders build wolves and and
with maybe they don't understand that
we're like there's more that connected
as humans than we realize and I was
doing the biggest problem to encounter
these people related problems supposed
to methodical aviation-related from some
people won't get what we're doing and
the tourists you often go places and
it's like painting really didn't picture
and it's like the tourism site but you
don't see that necessary
like assassinate okay like I said this
is a lot of spare equipment it's not
Simmons I'm half of a shelf pending sale
really the expensive items in there are
going to be your a CR p lb that's
obviously something that's in Photoshop
so saleable for sale and then my life
raft
those are my biggest one I mean for me I
see it as contributing to something very
cool I'm pumped I mean maybe we could
even put like your leg on the plane as
it flies but none of you feel
comfortable that is that we've got a few
sponsors logo to recall of your leg or
knee awesome sure so did you guys leave
I'm going to go sit down with my whole
company be like hey look what we're
being a part of yes we are
so we got all the things we need we're
now heading to the airport gonna head up
sorry that was that big wasn't that we
got everything yeah everything related
so here's all our gear laid out there's
not a lot more if you've pretty much it
for the trip
almost ready fell off they look include
to do it event you're not going to do it
one-handed
you did it one-handed it
that cheese guy let the runway all right
oh yeah literally that will pass then
that's where we're having our I got it
here oh why yes right who died we landed
in Tracy
that's a nice little flight I enjoyed
that a lot annoyingly the wing camera
stopped working or turned off something
and but yeah this is where we're going
to get some stuff fitting on the plane
like an extra fuel tank and fix the air
ducts stuff so we're we've arrived quite
late but we're going to have a chance
the guy here and see what we get sorted
this is Louis lying around the world
with me hello that's me he has to be not
stuff man in Paris is used to fly under
planet from little years yes we're
basically just here to get it tanked and
then go
whenever whenever we can get a tantric
diamond the overlord I made a crab
o'clock tonight get this read I know you
the tomorrow's okay tomorrow we can work
is we want to put our branding stickers
on it and stuff so we can do that
tomorrow rich it is hopefully going to
install the tank on Friday I think we
need to get a few bits of paperwork done
which hopefully we can get done in time
to leave at the moment we were hoping to
leave Thursday Friday but I think it's
going to be pushed back to Sunday best
case in REI I don't know think about
worst-case scenario but hopefully that's
all good and the plan is we're going to
leave the plane here we're going to
catch an uber into town find a cheap
hotel for the night and then come back
in the morning do some paperwork
hopefully get some of the vinyls wrap
designs done on the plane so we want to
get live the adventure done on the tail
there and then we've got a few sponsors
that we're going to have their logos
like total on the side and maybe the
YouTube channel oh is this sir this is
the fuel tank the big one this is the
one that's going to get us across the
Pacific elliptic so I hope you mentioned
the tooth no no so we're because we
intend to make it a bit of a
collaborative trip we can't install this
one because it requires all the seeds to
be out plus when it's fully fueled we're
way too heavy to carry passengers so if
it was just us to remote over to make it
work but I will be will use this but for
the for the meantime we're just going to
install an aluminum Ram ear type ferry
tank in the back it's smaller than this
much smaller yeah in place of the very
rear seat and then become a permanent
installation in extended-range auxilary
tank basically
with common modification on a 210 and
then that'll give us about 30 gallons
more fuel which will get us just that a
little bit further but also give us
enough reserve
to get to Australia so basically if we
have end up in trouble be able to assign
to all the low minimums or any of that
we can hold for much longer
yeah it's just a better situation to
have more fuel on board we could
technically fly the surfing as is up to
Australia but not across the yeah all
right we're just pulling the aeroplane
over here because I want to get a few
cool photos for the website and my
channel banner and stuff so we're just
going to position it away from the other
planes yeah this is kind of cool
Oh
Oh God
we've arrived at our hotel yeah
unfortunately I only had a smoking room
left I didn't even know that was the
thing I thought that was illegal but I
think it'll be all right it's just reeks
of cigarette smoke we'll try and find
somewhere to stay before likely not last
minute tomorrow
Oh anyway it's been a very successful
day I'm pretty happy are you guys happy
yeah yeah it was a good day but we're
ending in a little bit of a smoky
yeah just we'll just have to crack the
window I'm sure we'll get I have to get
used to interesting places to stay then
I will catch you guys in the morning and
hopefully we can start work on the final
design of the play and get stuff stuck
on and get some paperwork done that we
need and yeah see you then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
