hello my name is ray I'm from Albania
and you're watching Safa Louie and joy
25 pizza morning
thank you well I've arrived in Sydney
and I'm just waiting for my back and
I've also been told because I've been in
Kenya I have to go to quarantine and
they're going to talk to me in
quarantine in case I get it will free
some lemon trees now it's definitely
broken this time yoghurt got a little
flat white today and I'm just uploading
my video
as the lovely coverage I'm now trying to
find the
domestic terminal is applying to
Melbourne just been chilling for a
little bit in the international terminal
catch bustle something
yeah
all right on to my flight to Melbourne
so many airplane flights these last
couple of days is unreal
thanks again Kimmy and said to come pick
up the weight
I took my bags up and the youth felt
still and now we're gonna go buy some
food and pretty hungry so Kimmy's
brought me to probably the best place in
Melbourne to get dumplings Chinese
dumplings I'm really excited
guys look who's on the TV in this
restaurant chili beef noodles I'm gonna
head back I'll still get some little
power def I think and these guys are hit
enough you might see you later on fine I
am very tired the jet lag it's hit me
hard definitely gonna need a little nap
guys that may have been a mistake like a
slip like two or three hours I feel a
lot better now
gentle eyes hey stupid I'm gonna go
fight some snacks at a 7-eleven down the
road
why I am now hopefully gonna get to stay
in balance most ancient water and we've
arranged a time hey Dave how's England
horribly rainy don't you don't want to
come back yet come back in a week that's
a good sign not that we look forward to
everything Matt okay yeah can't wait all
right still out man that was well nice
catching our Dave Dave's one of the
important people in my life that we're
never gonna drift apart as friends is a
lifelong friendship even if we haven't
chatted months we're there for each
other say it's cool Skype is great isn't
it and I'm just trying to Scott my mom
at the moment she's just updating a
software or something and we're gonna
have a little catch-up see things nice
I'm chillin
trying to get my body clock back on
track and catching up with some friends
hey mom hey how's life in England cool
where else have you been recently well
you know it's America that was cold as
well who's that my parents had a little
getaway to Marrakech for that for a few
days which is cool I can't wait to see
you month yeah it'd be nice to catch up
properly babe
yeah I love you well that was awesome
skyping my mom as well and I think I'm
gonna get some sleep
tomorrow I've got a cycle tour of
Melbourne at 10 o'clock I'm gonna go
down and get a bike I guess and then
little cycle around and then I think I'm
heading to the cinema open-air cinema in
the evening which should be fun and okay
it's hang out with a few friends and
things I'll see you guys then
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
