hi my name is Ted and I'm from Norway
yeah enjoy today i'm off to hang out
with steve and my mac then we're going
to go get sick to eat again it's quite
late I attempted to get up early but it
didn't work hey Vince these woke up very
happy today yeah yeah me too man yeah
right earlier had a long hood up today
mmm steak forget by chesty I really nice
we're going to go and hang out Steve's
house a little bit away to their traffic
to die down before heading into central
London
hey hey oh it stays oh it stays day it's
so excited
so the plan is now going up to London
and immediate my friend Jamal and he
said there's some curb launch to the
xbox one don't really know what it is
but I are gonna suit jacket where you
will see jacket with t-shirts question
i'm here with tomorrow what's going on
man what is that I review up came the
brand new xbox one stable out yet new
console yeah yeah you know we're in
London somewhere a little where we even
arms I'm plus a service awesome amateur
these titties of things that where's the
actual constable sir look at boys before
did not released yet oh come on xbox one
will play xbox one ps4 okay and see this
one's the best one right I don't really
know how to say cause but tomorrow's
going to teach me yo Mikey was it what
the graphics look in this say that
doesn't matter really yeah guys check
out this sword none shall there's
literally just install nice to sit in on
there that we've seen a sword Jamar to
get a sword the storm oh yeah I'm just
doing a little in to do for the sdtv
gaming channel I've had a little go on
the cot goes so the new console is
pretty mad
guys let big nasties in the house yes
boom otek x la jolla to you bowing down
matt is representing extracts I'm a
birthing here happy birthday man
everything Lola was buried and hold on
health hope is well tell she's well
that's a lot of fun so we're gonna go
grab some food now where we're grabbing
food tomorrow saw her house
Soho House Ben's just arrived yes
cheeseburger dunno
right Jamar's headed off and me and Ben
are going to yeah we're going to go home
I might try getting earlier night ben de
sana convince me I need to change my
sleeping bag they need to change the
sleep at all right all right I do it
subscribe ends off it's been fun briefly
seen you tonight see you later dude yeah
singular Cheers but it's gonna be
alright I'm back Dave's house and as
much as I want to jump in the hot tub
decided to get an earlier night tonight
and so get up earlier make the most of
my day to make it hot drink nice bed I'm
gonna aim to get up before midday
tomorrow try and get back nigga seating
been meeting a friend for lunch going
into London getting up to load of fun oh
right see you guys then peace out into a
life lived adventure bringing
