hey I'm Billy I'm in my bedroom in Dubai
and you're currently watching fun for
Lily and joy we packed our bags checked
out had breakfast and now we're heading
over to the children's home for the last
morning in Nakuru right back at school
last night some of the high school
students that have been at boarding
school came back for half term so we're
just having a little assembly or
something with them
this is quite incredible guys every
Saturday they open up the feeding
project for not just the kids that's
living here and going to school but the
whole community and they usually feed
over 200 kids and a lot of the first
connection they have with the children
to get them into the home and stuff
through this project so look at these
kids they're just washing their hands
ready for a meal hello so that the
kitchen through here they've been
cooking this morning and the boys are
all dishing out some lovely cuisine for
the kids we got some cabbage what's new
golly delicious from outside the
community when we come which is there's
a lot of good these are special
bother ya see da da da hua's itapua
Roger Mesa Matthew so I'm in the school
I've come up for Sammy's office
Sammy runs everything here as you know
and because of the videos I've been
filming here they've been inspired to
give it a go themselves so I've got this
spare camera which I brought them with
brought with me away and I'm gonna leave
this here for Sammy to use and I'll set
up this YouTube channel so you guys can
it'll be ready for you guys to go over
and subscribe to and hopefully Teddy and
his friends will be updating you guys
with what's going on here and yeah I
just think this could be really exciting
so I'll link it top line of description
and go ahead and follow what's going on
here and show some support hey what's
going on Alex way covered in waters got
a taxpayer
well this come to that time we're
heading off it's been awesome hanging
out the kids here and I'll keep you guys
in the loop in terms of ways that you
can support what's going on here a few
of you have actually asked about
financially supporting like donating
money that's not something I'm asking
for but obviously would be incredible
for these guys on the link a thing in
the description where you guys can like
donate but just get involved support it
like I said get behind a YouTube channel
I'll link like the Facebook group like
follow them check out how Teddy's doing
and all that and yeah that's it won't
see the kids for a little while I'll be
back soon don't worry Teddy we're going
now it's been cool hanging out man let's
let's stay in touch
so we've stopped over at all points on
the journey back to Nairobi I am very
hungry
got meat my very delicious meat boy
don't ever ride to the YMCA and I Roby
we're just checking anything ready for a
big feed highway a restaurant called
carnivores and they just have like crazy
amounts of meat so we've arrived at
carnivore I've been there before ages
ago probably like 2007 I think and this
is just an incredible restaurant
what's cookin lamb now
thank you it's just me it's just coming
out big skills find out the noise say
this out this is amazing this is
incredible we've already had my ostrich
feed people
well it's finished off George was the
last one oh it's the least right George
it'll oscillate mate eater well he's
probably things everyone else forgiven
but now we're eating dessert we've got
cheesecake put a copy this has been an
awesome nail just to clarify it isn't
actually at his birthday he got stitched
up but we got free cake and a free meal
bag
all right back at the hotel walk into my
room
I'm exhausted and still a bit of a food
coma from the restaurant I think and
tomorrow we're visiting a slum in
Nairobi and we're working with the
project there for the day it's gonna be
pretty cool see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
