oh hello don't mind us
we saw you there we're just hanging out
in a hotel room right now in Toronto
like we do every Sunday come true yeah
Laurie and I meet up every Sunday at a
hotel in Toronto and we build a fort
which is what we're gonna do today right
yeah yeah we're gonna build a massive
vault in the hotel room see we have been
challenged by a superwoman and harto who
have stayed in the same hotel
they built a fort and within how you
call it in their room and we've been
challenged to build a better fort so
that's what we're gonna do today is
build a better for it and we can only
use this stuff in our hotel room yeah
cue the fast-paced cool style is very
typical Louie montage of us building the
sport this is the part of the video
where we tell you about our ideas and
our hypothesis on how this is gonna be
yeah I think well I think maybe the
mattresses are going to be the main
structure I just pretend like on iron
and then he always hahaha yeah our
body's big-hearted yeah you're like a
pillow I'm the tempo here we use up here
too was that a knock at the door hold on
a second I'm sorry okay I'm gonna put my
shoes on your bed is that okay John okay
Oh God okay what are you what is the
plan with that I think that's a link a
good light oh yeah if we log in
and then you put the ironing board
across oh yeah it's becoming great extra
blankets in we're building the classiest
for what fort has for dirty martinis
delivered to it let me sing a very good
job I'm just sitting here give me motor
pool absolutely I'll carry on with the
outside you know make the inside
comfortable with a pillow interior
design
we do moral arrangements whereas all
that I'm gonna have a sip of martini
first I'm a piece of trash this is like
really nice yeah
the brief is collapsing oh wow I feel
really sound about it there we go I
think we successfully built our hotel
room for the whole reason we're doing
this is to challenge heart oh and
superwoman
to see who's fort is better so make sure
that you go watch their video and you
really severely judged their fort you
come back here and you tell us that our
fort is better I'll link that below as
well as think I'm gonna check it out and
then after that we made a video on my
channel don't why five so go watch that
it might take place inside of this
wonderful home we've built but who's to
say it takes place here I'm saying
doesn't matter easily say this what
peace out enjoy life oh yeah live the
adventure yeah yeah I remember that guys
live the adventure okay bye bye
