I am deadly from Kenya and you are
watching fun falou good morning so this
morning we are heading to a dump site
where a lot of the kids have come from
that are in the school and they're in
the home now and it's is pretty extreme
I went there I think the last one like
three years ago and we're gonna get to
meet some of the families and to see how
they live
how great is this nice to meet you so
just arrived at the dump site and
there's this little market there set up
for us and everything they're selling is
recycle things that they've found and
made into things to come tell yourself
these these bags are made from plastic
bags
there have been weaved together and then
where they speeds under these one these
beads are magazines and Carbaugh boxes
and stuff that have been like wrapped
around and varnish your stuff right
think I'm gonna get a little plastic
person my sister Darcy they'll see if
you're watching I hope you like this
this is made by living on the dump site
and it's going to a good cause
it's what your thoughts in this place
there's a place where I eat a very very
bad food myself and actually mean
Shadrack we find ourselves in a very
very bad trouble to eat a vomiting food
somebody form it in a container throw it
and the hospital dustbin and then those
people itself bring their dust here and
then myself I find food and I like oh my
goodness this is the food and somebody
take it in a container and I throw it in
my mouth and it's like oh my goodness
this this lady they say that is the life
you find a house like this with 10 kids
ten boys or ten girls
so she just explained that her husband's
passed away and she's raising two kids
on her own in this house I can't
understand how people can live like this
and how the world in general will allow
it to happen as we look around
these aren't livable conditions she had
say a handful of beans and four potatoes
to feed her and her two kids but they
laughter now that's really tough guys
because obviously I don't want to put
videos out there just highlighting the
worst things and the bad things that are
going on but this is the reality this is
where people are living and it's
projects like this stuff would be doing
the last of the days which is bringing
some hope to this community and helping
the children into education and into a
life away from here so this is what
we're doing today this is what I'm
showing you guys and so andy how many
children from here have been rehoused
that's short 24 girls that lived here
and a few boys so we've got hope now and
they've got a future and then we'd like
to do it for more kids from maybe living
house families from home just not a
stand alongside Sammy and the short 24
team and just yeah
in supporting a minute Nizar what your
thoughts in this place something to
process later really pretty shot pretty
yeah it's not the kind of thing that you
you can easily digest here and there it
doesn't feel like reality dessert
well we just had a delicious lunch and
we're now heading off to go and see some
land where which Sammy woods the another
project with we're going to check out
Barney what a nutter what a nutter Sammy
what do you want to do it with this lens
so there's 10 acres of land here that
Sammy was to buy and build this high
school like you're saying it's cool to
imagine the potential in a few years did
you make that yeah well if just put back
to the children's home and chill here
for a few hours I want to introduce you
to a guy here called shadrach mr.
Shadrack
hey man this is one of the most
inspiring people I've ever met
okay my name is Shadrach I was living at
the streets and the left it was hard for
me and 22 very hard to you to sleep here
where we are being good at the big boys
you always take care of ourselves that
is in terms of food and clothing so it
was very hard to survive in the streets
where you sleep what they called at
night and then I had a friend who
introduced me to the shortened form
where we always go on Saturdays and
that's how I started coming here to
shorten for entry Saturday and then in
2007 I was taken as the first boys to
come here with me openly shortened
officially and he started leaving he had
a shortage for and it's really cool guys
because I was actually here in 2007 and
met shadrach when we first helped spend
stuff up and it's amazing to see where
he's got to today how are you today
Teddy are you good
look at these cases chillin is this way
you just chill is it for fighting fight
see that shadow nice guy
hi guys
basically I've taken over from fun for
Louie Knox we've got a little bit of a
problem
so basically gonna be seeing me for the
next few weeks or months doing these
vlogs now not really I know you're not
interested in me oh yeah we've got a
slight problem with Louie Louie you can
be alright for a bit or odd Louie
well surely feeling a bit better but
it's it's well into the night now and
I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow
hopefully I feel good enough to go on
Safari
peace out enjoy life and if the
adventure
