hey this is Erica from Toronto Canada
and you're watching fun really well just
got work out my Steve with a coffee
that's a good always get woken up so
Steve and slack are gonna be filming a
video for Steve's channel just a little
spotlight and slacker and what he's up
soon style music and all of that stuff
should be should we get fun
Steve the cats makes you safer here as a
video game snake that got really good
yeah yeah it's so it's like minus three
last night out today is like tonight
it's fresh outside yeah maybe it's just
this it's like green house have to hang
out these like stop the Sun like bacon
that's a lie we just had some lunch
and Steve is heading home these notes
his flight home today because he's got
to get back my face and yeah speaking
it's been a really fun time
very relaxing afternoon just chilling
out having beach chats about life and
now we're going to go down to now this
this space which the slacker intend
rebuilding making the cafe so can you
tell me what this place is it will be an
earth centric cafe with great food great
coffee great people we'll have live
acoustic performances from local artists
we're gonna really try to empower the
youth in the neighborhood there's a lot
of high schools around here so I really
want to give them a place to come be
creative just feel like they've got a
spot in the neighborhood there's not a
whole lot happening on this street
there's a few bars inside of course and
one Starbucks so I'd like to give this
somewhere that just feels a little more
natural a little more organic so where
they can go to the safe and have fun
that's so exciting how long have you
guys been like thinking about doing this
and then we've been planning it for the
past about three years it's been an idea
in our head and they've always come
close to making it happen but never
really pushing forward but the
opportunity presented itself and we went
for it Dogen is now yeah there's no
turning back
Thanks and it's really exciting because
men friends back in England have been
talking about a similar thing and that
how cool this whole idea is of doing a
creative late-night kind of coffee shop
vibe for musicians and all sorts of
stuff and when I arrived like the other
day and started chatting to them I was
just like ah this is amazing and I've
wanted to come down and check out the
space and and come back and visit when
it's all launched and stuff so I'll keep
you guys updated but it's really really
exciting and like what do you think
about this whole project it's just a
good place to go for lunch I guess
because there's not really
during my lunch hour I just kind of
walked across Kingston and just
snob X but kind of boring yeah but yeah
so I'm excited that I'll get a job here
so yeah high five boom we're looking to
our friends fans family anyone really to
help us out you know raise funds with
the Kickstarter campaign so Wow check it
out yeah and if you guys got any ideas
and stuff that you'd want to donate and
get involved like obviously I owe a lot
slack but all the beats of music he's
been making like that had a positive
impact on my life and I've been able to
using the vlogs and I want to give
something back so we're thinking about
someone kind of may be releasing a
compilation album of some of the beats
you guys been listening to on my vlogs
and the the payment donation towards
like getting that that album will go
towards raising funds there like start
this whole cafe project and I really
want to get behind it so if you guys got
any ideas or people want to get behind
it let us know in the comments and links
and things and if you give to us we're
going to definitely give back to you
this is Tanika and she's like a local
musician as well and what your thoughts
about this Cafe project that's going to
be absolutely necessary especially with
this neighborhood I feel that there's a
lot of us around here and when I say
around here I mean the East End and it's
just again a really nice place a
platform for artists to get together
have a coffee at a sandwich possibly
perform for those that are maybe even
trying to come out in the community with
with poetry or singing or even playing
an instrument
for them to kind of get their feet wet
so you got like the oldest zombie toy
mr. bean classic then you have Mary yeah
okay we are off on our way to the cinema
gonna go see gravity I've heard good
things
Shahjahan
I'm Humphreys Arthur we're gonna find
some food
halfway to the cinema totally forgot my
glasses and it's like so annoying to go
through my without my glasses so we have
to turn around come and go try to swipe
again we've stopped off in a fancy
restaurant for some food this was nice
I got red Thai curry and the lady who
said it was extra extra extra slice
jalapenos
Kendra discussed after drinking Thai
curry
turns out the films 3d so I've got my 3d
glasses on over my normal glasses that
was a very cool movie I still want to go
to space one day though haha everyone
was saying it's like it deters you fun
in space by definitely right I'm back at
slackers I'm gonna crash out for the
night it was really good hanging out
alone today and it's been amazing
hearing about this whole project idea of
setting up this cafe down the road and
it being this kind of cool creative hub
for local musicians and all this kind of
stuff somewhere for young people to hang
out and they really want to get behind
them with it I think they're trying to
launch like some kind of Kickstarter
campaign in the next week and if any of
you guys live in Toronto and when I get
involved with the cafe and just I don't
know things like menu suggestions for
things they could serve and just things
like that go and follow slacker on
Twitter
Arlene link and below and also their
friend Tanika she's an amazing singer
you've got to check out her stuff I've
link that below and we were chained to
her earlier but yeah it's just cool that
we can we're a community and get behind
people doing their thing and living
their dreams and stuff so that's what
I'm trying to do just be a support
alright another day tomorrow I'm gonna
be flying home late tomorrow evening but
I've got another day hanging over slack
earth and we're gonna be making some
beasts chilling out and yeah another
dancer on say peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
