okay it's day two prepping for off
flight or you're just north of LA
yesterday I arrived Mel with JP we
started sorting through our stuff and
managed to get an evening flight first
time I've been in the plane since we
bought it and yeah we're almost there
with our gear we've really gone minimal
literally with taking barely anything
and I put all my clothes in this little
bag here and then I'm going to fit all
my gear back in this bag - a few items
which we're going to store here for
three months in LA was where yeah what's
for traveling and I didn't want to try
and start pinning outcome of the
locations we're going to and drawing the
room and the map so I spoke to JP this
morning and he's suggesting we wait
another couple of days because we're
still finalizing and the route and where
we're going to be and we're doing a bit
of research so we want to try and get it
as accurate as possible although I'm
very aware that as we're flying we're
going to have to make some changes and
you know there's going to be a lot of
last-minute things happening we're now
heading down into LA and hopefully we
can get everything we need been a bit
hardly ever doing the logistics of like
dropping packages off I've been getting
a lot of things drop to offer and Alex
and Marcos house but they're not around
right now so I'm not sure exactly how
we're going to get it yeah hopefully we
can get everything we have our first
packages and managed to pick them up
what we got there we have a seminar and
a seminar to basically me and JP are
both going to be rolling with an a7 F 2
and 1/8 of an RC and if you missed a
couple of weeks ago we did go to New
York and we were contemplating getting a
Sony FS 5 that we decided against it
just because it's complicated it's not
that much better quality and just added
weight and we're both already used to
using these cameras so we're going to
roll with these two the documentary and
then this is our kit bag hopefully yeah
I think you think this was the guy then
sweet bright we just grab lunch and we
just actually met with my friend Cameron
and Johnny we're looking up my bus right
now and we got some really good advice
about documentary making to do currently
making a pretty big documentary and now
we are heading to this place to get all
of our and
safety gear and emergency light life
raft and all that Jamie took us through
what we're getting here but what we're
hoping to get here open again some
personal floatation devices or just for
individuals all the way or any hat see
we need two more
life jackets or the legislate you want
to use but there's a suitable one and
then the big ones are the dry immersion
suits which are a legal requirement but
also a good idea and then a four-person
life raft so obviously we're going to
try and not ditch the plane in the ocean
but we need to be prepared if that does
happen I think it's not any more likely
to happen over the ocean than it is over
land but and it is very survivable if it
happens with the water if you have all
the right gear and you're prepared for
it
and yet you just follow protocol so
that's what we're doing we're preparing
to the worst but it's best to be
prepared
yeah not to be so don't panic too much
we're just taking the precaution so we
could maybe get two more of those or go
with the yellow one for the passengers
let's get this let's get this leg up
what we need one yeah
Eulalie switch I get a little taller
than they so we just chatted to the guys
behind the counter and they said to get
the life raft that we need and the dry
seats it's special delivery from like
they haven't got any on the west coast
in any of the stores that have the
shipment from Florida and it would take
way longer than we've got so we need to
come up with a back-up plan we're
thinking I don't know see if we can
track something down on the west coast
if not we technically don't need this
stuff until we do ssin crossings so we
could pick them up in the east coast of
America when we fly there next week just
annoys me is that all allowed play on
the students and one by the time we get
there it's going to like we're not going
to have time to send stuff back if
nothing tips that we're going to be yeah
we have to get the right stuff and be
really lucky with that otherwise we're
going to be screwed this is one of the
most essential things we need this is
like a beacon and emergency beacon that
will send out a signal if we do have
some kind of emergency or crash landing
this will mean that we could get
actually get rescued so this like a
satellite it sends out like a satellite
science is are just releases a frequency
a radio cognized certain frequency
I just collected the last package here
we needed to get today long 45 minutes
by wheel even the Wonder bug here it
hasn't been the most productive day but
we have got the things we needed and now
we're hitting that skinny Valley which
is just north of LA before we yeah
before we head off tomorrow to San
Francisco thankfully we have a right
that Lindsay's house she's kindly
putting us up tonight we stayed at place
she was house-sitting last night and now
we're in a different place so basically
this in the garage I'm gonna be sleeping
on this sofa I guess we're going to have
to get used to staying somewhere
different every night which I'm kind of
used to anyway but yeah this is going to
be next level just like staying or
different people I'm hoping most of the
accommodation we have over the next
three months is staying with you guys in
the different places of stopping
occasionally we might need a nice
relaxing hotel to like recuperate but
yeah it is cool we can probably sort
through all our stuff so the plan is
we're going to get all the gear restored
through and put it in this bag hopefully
we fit it all in there and then we'll
each have a small bag with our clothes
and maybe laptops ah yeah good and then
we'll leave all the extra stuff here at
Lindsay's house if that's cool that go
it's going to be interesting to see how
much we have left of this file yeah
right time to go to bed catch you guys
in the morning
peace out on to a knife Olivia Adventure
