hello I'm Alex
it's my 15th birthday today and you are
watching fun for Louie good morning I am
going onstage in about 40 minutes and I
have enough breakfast and I haven't even
planned what we're doing so I'm gonna go
and meet Nadine and we're gonna have a
little chat about the whole thing
you think goodnight yeah I could have
slept a little bit more to be on it
we've arrived in the screening room
cinema place and this is Tim how's a guy
Hey
we're gonna have some fun
my name is Tim Deegan 19 here with me
Lily over here we are gonna be showing
things to you guys you're gonna watch
them you guys can't be the first to hear
it we were doing it all over again we
were doing the road trip 2013 it's
happening in like two weeks
we're gonna be an Australia this time
very very soon very very soon two weeks
you guys will start to see all
information the videos and I'd like to
go to the weather yeah for sure it's an
amazing it's like summer down there
right now isn't it it's so good okay
yeah so well all three of us
so subscribe follow everybody and make
sure you guys are following the contiki
channel because that's where the videos
will be life is about building
experiences and you know enjoying every
moment for me and I mean I guess that's
what motivates me is on a look back over
my life and just think wow I just make
sure you guys subscribe and we'll see
you soon
well that was a lot of fun
they went better than I thought it was
good
what no we didn't even talk about what
we were doing until like ten minutes of
poopy stylist so we've finished the
screening it's a lot of fun
met up with slack up he lives in Toronto
and he actually makes amazing music
which I've been using a lot of my vlogs
and we've met in London a few years ago
so I'm gonna be hanging out in today and
like next couple of days off the bus
better wins
lunchtime
I'm probably got a little lie-down for
half now because look how messy my side
of the roads up now on my way to my meet
up and get to meet a lot of Canadian
viewers I had a splitting headache and I
was just lying down a little bit you
know we're here
you're you're me I'll say how's it going
I'm a little bit late man I'll spin a
run I'll be on there all right so me and
Steve we've got our own people the clear
wear nametags and we're gonna be meeting
these lovely people so Nadine hastily
she's flying back to Vancouver and
anomalously to Australian bride sleep
fun it's been fun couple dates but we're
gonna get to hang out properly
thanks it whoo my cheeks are home
smiling your cheeks his mouth with coil
you may recognize just want to be intros
a few weeks back and we're going to
skate around for a little bit maybe
let's go
we're chilling back in the hotel room
doing some editing recovering a little
bit from running around and meet up
stuff hey there Steve and we've tidied
up let guys cleaned up because hopefully
grace is heading up and we're gonna film
a collab video together we're not sure
quite what we're doing yet but okay it's
gonna be a lot of fun the grace is here
and we are doing our collaboration video
today very excited it's taking us like
an hour to get the camera set up and
we've got a little audience here not
very very productive well me and grace
is clearing up from the video he films
this is a clue to this is a clue to
maybe what happened though I'm not gonna
tell you exactly what happened
take it away man back to the
window Hey look at me with my swing
going across the face don't give a crap
English boy good map joobs abundant Hey
look at me now I'm grown in we are
gathering in the lobby ready to go a
liqueur pumps into his jam hey how did a
bean
turns out we're going to a sports bar
there's bowling there and we're going to
grab some food
and I'm feeling good I'm feeling much
better like it earlier feel it happy yes
finally the food arrived is that it's a
really spicy burger apparently I'm gonna
test this out
she custom made me a spicy burger yeah
looking good in there
we found Sawyer sitting over the other
side of the bar
Oh yummy oh it's very yummy where you
got that water with some cherries in it
yeah this is a pretty nice room got some
juice
yeah geez we're getting towed off by the
security look at this guy oh let's tell
them we're in trouble we are in trouble
what what just happens the party is
wound down I'm heading back to the room
to edit
that's been a good day it's been a it's
been a fun day awesome family grace
can't wait to show you guys the bonus
videos and like you heard this morning
I'm going to Australia with contiki
which is happening in a few weeks I'll
catch you guys with these guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
