well managed to get some rest and met
with the whole team now and we're just
getting our stuff together and heading
to town called mercury we stopped off
with some traditional Kenyan cuisine
Andy what we're doing this week in Kenya
we're doing we're here group of lads and
we're going to project in the curry from
shorts running for
I think you're gonna find out watch
watch this space
that we're basically going our work with
kids that used to live on the streets
and orphans on dump sites we're now
being looked after educated and cared
for and they're gonna have a bit of fun
with Lois breakfast and I'm gonna
introduce some of the team that were
coming out and they feel project with us
we've got Ali all got s but Alex Barney
and Curtis and I introduce the rest of
the guys later they're in the other
buses but we've got three of these fans
these are called my tattoos and we've
got a three-hour drive now for you Ken
now this is going to do we just stopped
off to have a look at this incredible
view and I'm gonna introduce you
tomorrow the tape this is the one we got
George nazar we've got Andy huge
Institute we got bail you out sir oh
yeah we got Craig
just stopped up for this nice little
shop I've got some mango smoothies this
is my friend Jeff nice journey George we
just checked into our room I'm sharing
with Barney and Alex and now we're
heading out to this project down the
road called sure 24 it's something that
regenerate who and which Andi runs and
they've been involved with for like ten
years or something and we're gonna go
and see what's going on down there
John's in the other van I don't think I
introduce Nick earlier this is the last
team member yeah it's nice to be fun I
think we're gonna get a feed as well
some traditional Kenyan food
these kids are going to show us around
Holly doesn't wanna go strain his day
plastic bags what's this the cow this is
our dinner what is this golly what was
it made from yeah maize
hello mr. cow show me where you stay
this your bedroom suite bedroom so this
is Teddy's bedroom this is cool how many
of your friends stay in here like yeah
everyone all your friends oh that's that
must be fun business guys going out and
raise the money put a water hole it's
like a well yeah but these Kenyan guys
didn't run for 24 the home and stuff
it's amazing what had been the creating
jobs for older young they got filtration
bottled water up and sell it in town so
it's really cool have been really nice
oh yes avocados love avocados Joseph
liquor are shadows the car shadows these
know about selfies get some good selfies
yeah you I fudge a friend I am 13 years
old I'm proud of myself
yes and I'm sending greetings because I
love you all thank just tell me your
poem doesn't go out of the like jungle
what does the poem mean he's saying that
he was a street small as monkeys of
peppers which which when police come
they take it off and they kick it off
and then they fall then slip out saying
I'm gonna give these guys a lift in the
wheelbarrow
go go today oh yeah easy
Teddy's take me to see the sunset
that's beautiful setting up for a big
dinner together this is gonna be awesome
yeah that's a good flat that is a good
luck and we're now gonna help there's a
lot of hungry mouths to feed in it
it's time to sample this yeah man what'd
you send the one yeah I need - spoon is
so good really really good kiss master
language count to ten and Masai again
I'm gonna learn now I'm going to learn
ten minutes we're leaving the kids to it
that was really not even for dinner
what the projects out here like my first
came here 2007 and none of this is here
it was just one building and now there's
just hundreds of kids being fed and
still run by like local opinion it's
just amazing it's great to come and see
what fantastic things people are doing
around the world
well that's an incredible first day in
Kenya I love it so much I love the
people I love the culture and it's great
to see the fantastic work that this
charity's been doing the local people
the local community making a difference
helping these kids out of often terrible
situations and educating them feeding
them giving them somewhere to live and
as they grow up work and stuff it's
awesome it's awesome to see and I'm
really looking forward to just checking
more stuff out this week and seeing
what's going on there and I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life Olivia Avenger
