and I'm Jevon we're at this and you're
watching me
well spit of a random started today it's
5:30 in the morning and what mum's
heading away somewhere where yes
Chester so she has to get very early
train from London and I'm dropping it at
the train station I actually haven't
slept yet though so I'm about to go back
to bed
then they're probably lovely like a
second and start to this vlog fill em up
have a lovely week bedtime
it's the second start to today's vlog
dancing
we've got no laptops for her music stuff
today so I've just got to drop it school
I'm very tired a massive Dropbox's
laptop off now a train station let's
jump on the train
Steven grab a quick coffee first it's
not much coffee as I spelled arrested on
the floor but since it's on the job
I'm now fitting it to a meeting
well I'll just come out with a very
exciting meeting which I can't tell you
guys about yet I will do put me in a
very good Me's I'm now heading over to
the gleam offices to drop off Jim's
GoPro which I borrowed because he needs
it for a video self arrived at the gleam
offices
Dom's chillin here and Jim is actually
in the offices which is cool as I wanted
to hand him his GoPro personally thank
you thanks for lending me that yeah I
know it's been Halloween party because
snow I was scared of you to be honest I
was very scared of him because he was a
scary clown and I was like yeah everyone
was really my friend there's another
exciting meeting this is turning into a
very productive day I am at the YouTube
space and I'm gonna go and meet with
Kelly and check out some cool stuff
three meetings a day this is awesome
guys this is good
trust me we should consider you
everything we chat about that later
Kelly's making me a coffee thanks Kelly
I'm gonna go and see what other people
up to now Express tight front wake up a
little bit I'm gonna try to sleep
tonight I'm actually gonna try to
so I've melt with Stevie and Kimmy and
we are really hungry so we're going to
get a Cory the Bombay palace
there was no prices in the menu on the
website but I'm hoping it's not too
expensive turns out that place was a
little bit too expensive so we've gone
to buy the cheaper curry house little
bit out of our price range
let's try this one so better dress
vindaloo far extra hot please seed of
Korea's most sleek of it yeah so we got
chicken far which is the first amendment
it's pretty good
you might do one of these Chili's how's
yours commit where did you become for a
coma I did I do actually like perform is
there then the taste it's very yummy in
Stevie and I am very tired I've
basically been falling asleep all day I
fell asleep at Starbucks
I've just been like lying on the sofa at
their apartment they're staying at and
there's definitely time to go home I
just hope I don't fall asleep in the
Train and end up in like Portsmouth
with all the rushing around today I
forgot to pay my parking and this car
park Grove Park this morning as a good
chance that I've got a parking ticket
the good news is I haven't got a party
to get bad news is
Rodney's battery is flat I think I left
the headlights on this morning when I
left in there and this almost 1:00 in
the morning
I'm gonna have to run off until I find
someone who's willing to give me a
little job start you see I could phone
my breakdown people first can take ages
for them to come out as surely somewhat
up here like a taxi or something that's
willing to help me out well I was saved
by Good Samaritan taxi driver oh so nice
when you meet genuinely nice people that
just take time to help but nothing in
return it's it's nice to know those
people out there
all right they get home well sorry
today's been just me running around to
different meetings guys hasn't been that
exciting but tomorrow means stiva flying
to Toronto for
lots of fun it's going to be quite a few
other youtubers there and it's really
amazing especially if you want to see us
I really hope I get to meet some of you
from Canada
I'm driving home now and I'm gonna be
crashing out and Steve's picking me up
bending up giving us lift to the airport
at like quarter to 9:00 in the morning
and I've already shut it so I think I'm
going to
say goodnight now catch you guys
tomorrow peace out
enjoy life
live the adventure
