hi guys it's jane√© sis's Alania and
it's her 21st birthday today we're from
Malta and you're watching fun / Louie
I'm heading up to London my god hang out
at Kimmy I think maybe we're gonna go
hang out bed as well and it's a really
nice day still a bit chilly but lovely
lovely sunshine no right today
so I walk through Kensington and Hemi
really wanted to go to the Natural
History is here so we're gonna go in
there and also someone has contacted me
saying don't help me fix my phone you
guys may know it's like total smashed up
so he's come up and he said he's gonna
replace the screen for me for free this
is really friendly so I'm looking for
Kimmy and a guy whose hobby can be
derived and like there's a dinosaur I
don't even know what kind of dinosaur
those different bakers we're gonna grab
food pretty hungry then we'll have a
proper look around all the skeletons
just pose
got lasagna this is Tommy he's come to
help out and fix my phone like I said
earlier absolute like white nice piece
here's me would you get Charlie check
the Caesar salad
never really understood salad spin me
and Charlie are finished and they're
gonna don't stop looking at dinosaurs as
me and Tommy are gonna stay here I've
got little bit editing today's and he
started taking my phone apart that is
crazy that's what the other night yes
look at that so I just wanted to say
like Tommy it's amazing that he came
down and helped me out with my phone
situation today and if any of you guys
are preferably in the UK and want to get
your phone mended he's a budding
entrepreneur and he started his own
iPhone mending the business and where
can people find you you can find me at
PC Fit Club and Twitter or dumb you W
dot is he fit cup doctor at UK
what's your favorite baby inside
we're getting I see more dinosaurs now
these your pets commit about five minute
in my apartment
none of them desert scene they already
doesn't that was Manian it's a possum
want that passenger
yeah I couldn't file on that kill me
yeah liar would another time yeah tiger
Botox I'm thinking cheetahs oh my
fitting I think I'd have a small charge
get to know another why but whenever I
see animals I obviously love animals I
kind of feel like did I win in the fight
against this animal if I have to
literally no chance this code master
damn that is a crazy way of
we're going next
and stop where's this
you know is that Greece so next week I'm
flying from here to here maybe it's
enough and then in a month
I'm flying to Australia we found another
world like a globe but someone's done
with Indians
look at this guy
no monkey man do you know he looks like
he looks like the flying monkeys out the
Wizard of Oz love the architecture here
it's so epic I literally don't know
where how they even started building
this they how intricate all the
stonework is
so I've left the museum we're now
heading to go out for an early birthday
meal for Kimmy and Jackson I said
they're around physics we're gonna head
towards that direction maybe grab a copy
sir we're just trying to mobilize
everyone mission to find some wine fight
before we go dinner
upload my blog so that didn't really
work but in gay nothing finished you
uploaded but where we're heading to eat
now I think Jack and Finn are heading in
and we've we've found somewhere cool a
little restaurant down the road there
seems to be a tree in the way of him his
chair
okay we scratch sink down meeting
because we need to get back to the
obvious jump in are you now wrong so
it's with ordered all our peaches and
we're going back for a piece of art this
is definitely the most people that have
been in the office today oh I got a -
yeah you gotta say you guys will say you
know and when the thing comes up yeah
but it's just a little triangle right
then it just means like pressing forces
it's facing forwards right just push it
on unless you hold your hand in the
other around then it's backwards
just having a little jack and
finish filming 10 board video tonight
it's pretty also plays the right he's
giving it up guy sorry I'm not wanted
guys it's just 10 midnight and it's
Kimmy's actual birthday today how'd you
feel do you feel different I'm feeling
22 yeah happy birthday
happy birthday Kimmy
and turned into quite a fun evening
involving penny boards basketballs and
just endless a large analogous endless
and Hannigan's everyone think everyone's
left gone their different separate ways
and we're heading back we're having a
relatively early no no event yeah you
did relatively you're correct in the
early nests but it's still nearly two
o'clock round be bright I'm back up my
parents I'm gonna get some sleep which a
lot of you will be happy about I've seen
a few of you are concerned about my lack
of sleep but don't worry I'm alright
tomorrow I'm gonna be chillin in a day
in the evening me Zoe Alfie and Finn
going backstage with Josh record who's
supporting Bastille in London it's gonna
be a sick night so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
