what's up my name is yeah good morning
well yeah we are now off to pick up my
parents from the airport I think they
landed 10 minutes ago so we're running a
little bit late
Alfie's joining us Darcy's up NLC since
just before 12:00 it's not but we did
wake up early
yeah only actually Pelle
it's so weird being that in the airport
and not flying and just going to pick
someone up in the right house the flight
you like my parking guys I think that's
quite a tight fit bumper damage is that
one for damage that's all right guys you
know these two eat out all the time
while tonight look at Eddie in and I'm
gonna just teach him to cook they can
cook me a meal first meal
Nico is fat
yeah get out fit me and Alfie of just
cooks a meal so this out
I know it's like to believe guys but we
did and with that's put this whole video
that we've made while sticking it on his
channel which is just launched today
which you can all go subscribe to and
stay tuned for amazing cooking videos
and I'm actually learning stuff as well
like house cooking is just joining us
Duffy do leggings yes you come upstairs
later Steve okay baby
thanks for showing us how to cook that's
my pleasure
well that was fun cooking with dad it's
you enjoy Alfie like to scale with land
yeah oh yeah Ben's here no Ben hey what
up and we're now heading to pick up Alan
and we're heading up to London because
there's some YouTube Music Awards
either one rather happening I think
we're gonna be late on an award and a
sing in it
have you yeah me verse one direction you
know BM standards from Stanford but who
did win an award today he'll throw you
on an award as it nuts best bloggers
crazy
it's crazy if you're watching sorry
well done let's go to that time of the
evening so we need some red Bull
Ben's actually fell asleep in the back
on the way up here is the other late
night we've arrived at the YouTube space
and then we're going to head up and
party there's no one here but there's
pizza are we early
feels like we really met up with Stevie
and Kimmy again Hey yeah just and we
were just trying and Alex a little upset
by that fact and then we started
something I've been here
go sniff you bottle wine in your back
pocket we're about to go live on
something some music awards thing it's
gonna be like a live audience from
London the YouTube Music Awards just
some music one thing you know I don't
know some some random thing Ben stop
messing around with the camera quick
Halloween I'm really excited for
movie could be live right now hopefully
set it off hanging out right we had a
great night
we now Robin YouTube we got to imagine
grab my legit thought we got away with
that did you have a good night Alec such
a good night they hit the wine from me
but I found it he did fine
we're having a nice little chilled
Jamboree in one of these apartments
Alan's on Form tonight definitely on for
me so tonight we met Michelle and we're
giving her a lift home and we've decided
that she's recently moved here so we're
gonna be hanging out a little bit today
boys I'm going to take you home Alan I
think it's time I took you we are never
getting home
we just had quite a hilarious situation
trying to talk to Siri and she didn't
understand what was going on she was
trying to make us cool somebody called
Anthony I don't even know who he is I
was trying to explain to Siri we don't
really care around right now we're just
trying to get home
she let her owner sylhet Ben said
tomorrow that was a really fun night you
to space seeing everyone if they go
catching up with grace and we are gonna
be going back up to London me and Ben
tomorrow hanging out Kimmy well there's
a very noisy and stuff and yeah guys you
need to go right now and subscribe to my
dad's brand new Cooking Channel finally
he gave in with all of your comments and
start telling him to make a Cooking
Channel he's done it his first video me
and Alfie making spaghetti bolognaise
kickthrough top line in the description
guys showing some love and I see you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life lived adventure
boom
