hey fans Louie my name is Jeannie and
you're watching another exciting day in
the life of fun for Lily let's gonna see
what Steve's up to how he's just
chilling at home I think we should go do
something have some food got a little
mini adventure hey Steve
Steve just told me when you went on
holiday he got me a present
take this out little necklace guy I'm
gonna try a better one okay mate I hope
it goes over look at that guy over
there's my sweet
yeah
to finish doing some work now we're
gonna go get a late love
it's a cold day today
he's Steve's even cold he's easily warm
man
don't forget chips see when for tea
we're now on our way to the train
station to pick up Hillary and Darcy
let's if this thing's you just I'm going
to drop them home and definitely know
what came next
we're trying to come up with a plan
right now it's dark so early weird a
network I don't know I actually don't
mind the winds are too much but it would
be calling that stay alive until like
eight or nine yeah I'd like it more like
not 4:30 so a bit late like the purple
paradise here hello
we've just been chilling for a little
bit back at home just had a cup of tea
Darcy you just said Louie can you help
me clear up the kitchen light load and
unload the dishwasher and I was like
okay I'll help
she didn't do anything I literally just
loaded it all but she didn't make a cup
of tea so thanks for the cup of tea
Darcy
so we're in Leatherhead this is Andy he
runs the youth project stuff down here
and we're in this building which you
might recognize from the other day when
we have our little Gibby meeting the day
but we I'm here with Steve we're just
chatting about some potential plans that
we're going to be doing we find the
nomads maybe some kind of project
together
turns out Andy has got this amazing
coffee machine and it's a bit of a
barista and he's gonna show us it's
gonna teach me and Steve their skills
and we're gonna start making around
amazing coffees yeah I'm gonna throw a
little like crazy like flower flowers in
the coffee like with the Millis mmm
that's serious how much to eat beans I
know I remember yeah you will never
sleep again
Steve's headin off hey SIL oh man when
will I see not until like next week but
really okay I'm busy this weekend
Bosch it's right than the office just
got my Instagram photo taken it's gonna
go in here get it all right the earth
the one that's what I meant Polaroid but
we're we're in the office and we're
smashing through thee or about to smash
through the India stuff I think Jack's
been smashing through it all day I have
been doing some smashing over here
actually have a look at this Polaroid
where do it well leave it under the
black you said what doesn't it need to
be under light we especially boned the
black so it didn't the changeover from
daytime edit team Jack and Finn to
nighttime editing me and Ben I wish you
boys were the best of luck we're not I
kind of tend they're not a little
nocturnal oh right over the edit go team
so to prepare for tonight's all-night up
I'm gonna whiz down to the shops get
some energy drinks and snacks from the
event and then back the office and power
through
right I've got enough first
so better me just having a little
midnight break from editing and he's
just taken and hopefully with this
Polaroid camera that might have been one
of the best photos I've ever taken in my
life look at that back to the Edit what
time is it bed sleeping bag o'clock it's
actually 10 minutes 5 so this stage I
push it all the way through like what
you're probably gonna try oh I get into
my little sleep bag of joy well I have
got some help yeah his name's mr. red
bow I could perceive it's more just be a
write-off
I'm gonna crack on for a little bit ah
like a bed sleeping he's so cute
Oh Bethenny it works into the early
hours of the morning and I'm gonna join
Ben and crash out on the office I think
we're probably gonna get woken up by
Jack and Finn in a few hours to carry on
peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
