good afternoon guys we are at the
thinker garden hi although I'm not right
now I just pop down to the local pesto
because we were not prepared for the
level of rain that we're getting right
now it's very gray and raining so to
come here to get umbrellas wellies maybe
some rain coat because I'm not going to
let it ruin the weekend although I
really do hate rain but it it's going to
be a lot of fun we just need to be
better prepared yeah and we're going to
get the snacks well okay I just got an
air mattress and a little electrical
Trump or jothee unfortunately everyone
else also came here to get welly
but it sold out we're going to have to
head in further into town to point them
logan they've got umbrella for willie
the very attentive looking very knotty
other festival powerful success we got
brollies we found well ii i'm relieved
and i've got his big ones here and Laura
needs a pair as well forgot these and
now we can walk around in the big flood
G model night we won't be sad dr. Usagi
right we have all the things the back at
the bar as well as parking for the
weekend guys with you
extry yesterday's vlog or the tent here
keep on camping out and we've got the
hot tub heating up ready for later
tonight Ryan and a little party in the
back you like your wellies Nora Yeah
right a little bit see the whole gang
have been sleeping all afternoon
yes design therefore you need to do in
the rain they left the camp
interpolators else I do you not this is
I mean I guess it is British number
isn't it that's just not what I showed
before so we still have affected the
heating of the hot tub I want to get it
down to like one or two hours from being
able to pull up to an event
unfortunately we haven't yeah like I
said haven't quite respected it so it's
been heating for about eight hours now
and we still only on 36 we need to get
up to 40 we're almost there
we might need to do a bit more more ways
to hit water either electric or again
this is the cheapest umbrella I've ever
had we we all roll it out oh look a
massive muddy puddle of people but well
he's done a nice guy Biff is another
bath with hot tubs on which has been
around for a few years I've known about
it that the three wood burning hot stuff
in the project so I'd like to say there
are boxes of one-of-a-kind having a hot
tub in there but unfortunately not three
just in a couple I think I'd look better
like something a niche area people pay
my 45 quid to come and hang out a hot
tub
we're going to paint driven that but
we come back to the bar
the hot tub is ready we got in town
system onto me been in Jim house it
thirty nine point five all that is a
lovely temperature
my god good job guide you like it's
alright border starts like no no yeah
rainy and groove it is our hands
I feel like it's even better being in
the hot tub when it's like this weather
yeah the best source of I've ever had is
in him yeah stay man I can't wait for
the window we get out sometimes and
we're not guys there is a knocked up in
a little plane doing like aerial
acrobatics okay see
we go first with the gun on that yeah
what libera tell me that's the liberal
one
waiting for the bus what is going on
what is going oh yeah that is insane and
they sled it like what this instead of a
firework display this is actually
nothing
look at
right we managed to drag yourself away
from the bus so it was tricky because if
it's warm it's got the hot tub got our
own music vibes going on but we are now
going out for a little explore I think
we've missed some of the big stuff to
that tonight with the fire and fireworks
and all that we saw it in the bus but
yeah we're going to see what's going on
Oh
let's create that boom let's get into
that secret other party give it up give
it up
there is a treehouse attended three
hours out okay let's find out
yeah
look at the mud mud it's crazy
alright I made it back to the bus you
might have a little wind down chill
party in the bus
alright it's the end of the night it's a
10:00 to 4:00 it's been a pretty good
one
I'm enjoy tonight and not as late as
last night but I'm trying to conserve
some energy for tomorrow and yeah I'm
glad we made the most of today even
though it's bad weather I'm expecting
them gonna be a lot of rain tomorrow as
well but I'm prepared now as you saw
Willie's umbrella nothing can stop me
and yeah I don't know this whole
festival has been a bit of a blast in
the past being able to get back into a
bit DJing and just dancing and yeah
going yeah seems when a bitten DJ sets I
haven't done this kind of thing for yeah
at least kind of 6 or 7 years and this
used to be some real ideas regularly so
yeah it could be nice to experience
again and hopefully I've been able to
show you guys a little bit a successful
today tomorrow's gonna be a better day
that we're going to have a bit more of a
plan and Jeremy Luke's is going to be
coming in the evening I'm hoping to meet
up with Tom Mitch a lot of you know have
you been using his music for years and
my vlogs I think I probably saved my
favourite artist anyway tomorrow it's
going to be good and I'll catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
