hey I'm Renee from Perth in Western
Australia and you're watching fun for
Louie so we had quite a long liar this
morning and afternoon and then I'll just
been chillin and you're going for a very
late lunch it's already five pm almost
five it's like it's like half for
fortify ok court so so yeah did you guys
rest well today I went to in so named
because I fell asleep the stigma
we're going to bed I got the nicest
sleep ever like my bean well we're
basically all of us slept all day
Lumpy's Reese press
does the introduce your friend hello
media cool and they've got a YouTube
channel and they've been yes doctor said
they've been making a video the other
day I some Halloween cooking thing how
did it go it went all right although we
thought was an atrocity cameraman
actually forgot to press record on a few
close-ups sepsis baking so 3d Oh got
some dough balls Sydney's arrived she's
going to interview me for her school
year but she's come covered as well over
there so she's come down look at all
this salad on my feet so what's on this
holiday so we've got in Rodney and we're
going on an adventure up to London gonna
go and pick up bed now yo bear
all right push back we're coming to
London parked up and now we're heading
for some hot chocolate at this famous
hot chocolate place which i've been to
before and my vlogs but it's really
thick amazing hot chocolate guys look
how thick this chocolate
so Kimmy and Steve ear off silicon me
how cool is this Darcy and Amelia
editing their video in the back was on
the road that's 21st century that's
committed youtubers right there proud of
you yeah from
while we thought it's probably time for
some some food and what better food the
Nando's delicious is always well we just
had a very short little office session
gang some bits saw it and it's now one
a.m. and we're going to be heading home
but might have a little skate around
bends off to let Roy jaan love you this
is a pumpkin cheesecake that Darcy made
and if you want to see her making it you
can click through in the description to
her channel and see the the making of
video I'm going to try some see what it
tastes like much have a little bit mmm
that's actually where you good have you
tried on yeah all right uh in the girls
got late night laptop club going on
Linda cfao so far this week having
home-cooked meals already works out
fails you haven't even tried I know i do
want e and we're just out which was out
to those who didn't I think we should
try make that an a in this week do at
least one good meal so some of you may
know I'm coming to Toronto for the
buffer festival on the eighth ninth and
tenth of November so if you're Canadian
or live near Toronto come along and a
lot you've been asking me when exactly
am i doing a thing but there's going to
be a meet-up on Sunday that can it all
hang out fine but also pulled up the
page this is the schedule page for the
buffer festival and on 11am on the
sunday the 10th in November I'm hosting
joint with Nadine who you guys know a
travel screening so you guys should come
and say hi and buy tickets for buffer
festival I'll link again in the
description um where to get the tickets
but also where to book in for the
screening that I'm I'm doing so if we
meet some of you guys there right that's
enough laptop cloth for me tonight night
girls Steve's come in at ten-thirty in
the morning to pick me up we're going up
to London hanging out Jake having a
little meeting about find the nomads and
should be a fun day one thing before i
go to sleep was going to ask you guys
it's been an amazing response people
sending in beats and music and stuff for
these vlogs so cool get so many emails
about about it bachata Jack and Finn
over this week and we're struggling with
you
sick for the India videos that they're
making we're looking for like tracks
with an Indian vibe that we can use
without running into copyright problems
so if you know of anyone that makes
India nice title music again I'll leave
my email in the description below drop
me an email and that'd be awesome right
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
