hi I'm Mindy and we're open to the
Lantern Festival and you're watching fun
flowing first morning in New Zealand I'm
feeling pretty good
I'm heading down to auckland skytower
and i'm gonna be doing an edge walk and
i'm gonna be jumping off it which is
pretty crazy it looks very similar to
the toronto think tower but ya know can
just sit through there I'm just walking
over there now when I arrived a couple
of minutes late so the group that was
gonna be walking around the top with
they've already gone so I'm gonna be
jumping up there first and then doing a
little walk but look this is what movie
day
skywalk
all right I'm gonna shoot it up in a
very tight harness let's do this oh hey
guys here we are we're in Auckland to
the top of the sky tower you got Louie
you're back sky jump you have a feeling
bro you're looking pretty relaxed yeah
I'm feeling pretty relaxed down to the
ground
what's the street to work
well it just came in from the sky John
that guy that was actually so much fun
if you live in Auckland and they're
having fun it you need to be that
awesome I actually prefer it the bungee
jumping because you get to fit you can
actually stop them see what's happening
you know a whole sick bungee jumping is
just like over in a blink but now I'm
heading back out to do Skywalker awesome
welcome back to the Oakland sky walk and
the beverage 192 meters off the ground
today we're going 120 meters right round
the exact platforms and we're setting
our mats 1.2 meters right now is feeling
pretty good yeah it's gonna look on -
for me big wave and there - come on
Becca
say it Betty goes away completely damn
gun boy boy boy boy boy you can do it
yeah very good
how does that feel pretty awesome yet
that's cold
come on in man now I don't know what you
want to do is give me a brick
yeah it's a big awareness say right
there now I might want to congratulate
you guys bring a first guy walk come in
the fear of heights and everything
basically you're gonna wait to me now
now I hope you guys take your time again
wait that way all right well I finished
the walk and it was just such a
beautiful view over Auckland and
apparently that building is the tallest
building in the southern hemisphere
I just put back to my hotel to grab my
skateboard
look at these funky cars they've got in
the in the lobby area and now I'm
skating down to sea front and I'm going
on a boat ride
all right Metis go Mike can we get into
this a little bit of a rush thanks man
well that was awesome I've never got to
drive a sailing ship
I popped back to my hotel for a little
nap and I'm now taking a little stroll
to a lantern festival is happening at a
park down here I've heard it's going to
be pretty spectacular
apparently I've arrived on the busiest
weekend of the year in Auckland there's
so many things going on here this
weekend it's just people everywhere this
is great
check this out chicken curry yes
these lanterns are so beautiful they're
all over this park in all the trees like
there's like little statues and Isis
amazing
apparently that's China's biggest bands
performing right now biggest man in
China I have found some bubble tea I
love all tea I are so excited
it's been great tonight I've been
meeting so many cool people hey guys
back for the night tonight was brilliant
and thank you for everyone who came over
and said hello it's nice to meet you all
yeah crazy Auckland love it I'm off
tomorrow morning early and I'm joining
like for three days like a Kiwi
experience bus tour then we're gonna be
doing a bunch of site sightsee cool
things around North Island so I better
get to bed because it's an early start
I'll catch you guys tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
