hey what's up guys my name is Omar we're
all I live in London and you're watching
fun foolery enjoy today I'm having a
herbal tea because yeah good to beat up
some caffeine for a little bit no I had
already had an able to eat this morning
how's your day been so far Darcy this is
storm hitting England so apparently so
potentially me and maybe if Dottie wants
to tag along and Ben and Jack and Steve
we're gonna go and try and find some of
the storm carnage and Susan has actually
I think the storms due to hit in like a
couple of hours so I'm gonna go run down
to Sainsbury's garage and get some
supplies
the Sun setting an hour earlier than
usual which means mixed with my
nocturnal sleep I'm not getting a lot of
daylight at the moment 10 like 4:30 in
the sunset so I'm back and I just
dropped my computer and check out some
of these news stories UK braced for the
worst storm in years
time for some chores got a little bit of
laundry to do
I cannot believe how messy the kitchen
has become in a couple of days my
parents nothing here I think it's time
to clean up a little bit I've done
tidying for now and I'm gonna pop down
the road because one of my friends from
years ago is back in England she lives
in Norway and I'm just gonna go and
catch up with her for a little bit and
then back home for some dinner with
Darcy in a bit
Darcy just phoned and informed me
there's no food at home so I need to
swing posh get some pizzas so we're not
going to do a full on home-cooked meal
tonight but we're gonna grab some some
oven pieces try the pizzas in the oven
I'm going to clear out Rodney because
he's estate and I think we're going on a
little adventure tonight you know I'm
gonna go pick up pull the boys be nice
to get Rodney look at his best all this
junk
Rodney's looking a little bit Tonya I
just come out to the garden shed to find
a little web spanner or pliers or
something to fix whatever seats and
Rodney because it's not moving back this
is the guy we need what my parents back
garden is literally like a jungle and
the rain has kicked in it's definitely
it's definitely a storm heading our way
that's inside and ready for some pieces
right we finish up it so silly girls I'm
off to go and get Steve and Ben and Jack
and Finn and we're gonna go storm and
Inge although we may not find a big
storm tonight it's still this excitement
for the anticipation I've always wanted
to do one of those storm chasing things
that you see on TV when they're like
we've seen the tornado and they're like
driving after around Kansas little bit
it's not only quite the same but they
should be fun tonight fun I've arrived
at Steve's
I'm just waiting for him to come out
which I'm gonna yeah join us okay we're
heading down okay okay we'll call you in
a bit yeah
little bit yeah okay
we've stopped off for some food for
Steve and we're at our 24-hour office
and once we're here we're going to go
and check for our secret note that was
left for us that we didn't manage to
pick up the other day
hurry up I can't see it that's such a
shame
we'll never know what that secret note
said
are you feeling better today Steve I'm
feeling a lot better I'm still not
that's have no 100%
berea helps ya
we tried to persuade him that Jack and
Finn had decided not to join us in our
adventure tonight which were thinks a
shame hopefully there's still some
adventuring with them tomorrow
if the storm hits the London I like the
name superstorm makes it sound more epic
on words
onwards to a superstore looks like
Alfie's bailed on us as well we are in
bright at night and we're going to see
what the beach fronts like check this
out
and just ducked into a hotel to escape
the wind we're just reviewing some of
Ben's footage of us getting blown over
it is a mental out there Alfie you're
missing out there it's pretty crazy out
there
I think there's it's the worst of it
still to come but unfortunately Steve's
not feeling great so I think we're gonna
call it a night I should probably stop
keeping Steve out this lady's trying to
get better yeah oh you need to get
better man don't come out late at night
with me again because you're just gonna
get ill so Ben forgot his house key so
he's come back to stay the night I think
is very nice event and not wait the
whole family I think is a bit of a
letdown to be honest
hopefully tomorrow it picks up a bit
there's a bit more craziness going on
but it's still fun driving that's Brian
for the evening yeah okay so you guys
tomorrow
peace out into a life and lived the
adventure
