hello I'm in the countryside of Wales my
name is Tom Bristow I'm a youtuber be
about to watch amazing youtuber fun for
Louie right I've just been dropped of
the airport from a taxi
and I'm running a little bit late
Collor managed to rush and check in my
flight was actually perfect for March
randomly so I had to switch it today and
my flight is boarding now
final call to Sydney
all right I've just ordered my uber to
pick me up it's only two minutes away
that's good
so I got an uber into Sydney and now I
found this cute little cafe and I'm
gonna get some lunch and wait for Rachel
to finish teaching we're gonna hang out
well look who it is Rachel's picked me
up I can Sydney only for one day like
but we're gonna find something fun to do
today we have come down to Gordon's Bay
and we're just gonna chill here for a
little bit it's actually a really nice
evening the weather here is so different
scams is like not humid it's like not
too cold but not overcast not rainy
oh we had a really nice time just
catching our Chilean lying on the rocks
and watching the sea and we're now
heading out we're gonna go eat we found
a pretty cool place to eat where they're
gonna be having some live music in there
later I thought I'd update you guys last
time you saw Rachel she had a cast on
her arm from an accident how is your
wrist I just tore some ligaments in my
wrist and I'm supposed to be wearing a
brace on it and I do wear it sometimes
how long was your costume
I left the cast on actually the other
massive part of my hands a while and
they took a week but I still went to
high five
right just go back to Rachel's I'm gonna
crash here tonight and they have adopted
a street cat what's her name
we should name her tree get you guys
what should we call the streak at that
rate is adopted what is it it's a girl
yeah yeah what do you think this car
looks like I am just online checking my
boarding pass for tomorrow
some of you asking when I'm landing in
Auckland tomorrow it is 8:35 p.m. and
because I'm gonna be travelling around a
lot and there's no organized times I'm
gonna be able to meet you guys if you're
not can wanna come and meet me as a land
that'd be cool I might be around for a
couple of hours we could grab a coffee
hang out and that's probably the best
plan so see you guys there if you were
around so if you guys were watching my
vlogs before when I was in Sydney with
Rachel
you'd know that her new year's
resolution was to learn to skate so
that's what we're doing tonight where
we're carrying on a news resolution I
think she was doing quite well
apparently
she's getting free time
yes right you write the the rain is
calling ice-skating session uh
unfortunately skating in the rain is not
a good idea that was a pretty fun day in
Sydney pretty chilled again but it's
amazing to catch her Rachel and it's
dawned on me today guys that often in my
vlogs I'm kind of running around doing
different things sometimes just mundane
things and we don't get a chance to have
a deeper connection or chat most days
and I saw us thinking over the next week
or some traveling or New Zealand we
could do a bit of a Q&A thing and just
about life and just a way to get a bit
deeper because I feel like there's a bit
of a contrast at the moment where in my
vlog of the day it's just me walking
around having a coffee driving somewhere
seeing someone but in reality I'm
contemplating a lot there's a lot deeper
stuff going on and I don't always get to
share with you guys so I think this next
week or so could be a time of sharing
and I'm up for that I think they'll be
better I think they'll be better for me
so it's not these contrasting things and
so yeah comment below any questions
about life and I'm not an expert but but
a nice thoughts were having about things
or stuff a lot let me know and I'm gonna
try and interact a bit more with what
you guys want to know about life and my
life and everything cool um could be fun
oh I'll see you guys tomorrow anyway New
Zealand peace out your life and
venture
