hi I'm Ellie
I'm from Australia and you're watching
fun for Louie probably come out for a
late breakfast we've got some yogurts
again got coffee's cheers man
we go for a little stroll we're now
hearing an another show
look how much this duck is this is a
really nice stuff this person looks
really important I know who it is can
anyone tell me how they know what just
happened man I've got to put money in
the parking meter I got a ticket
are you in a prize yeah one I want
something you wanna fight one for $44 oh
yeah but you know before this is penalty
man yeah I think you want it that's his
price you have to pay that No
well it's a really sunny day today your
brains held up for my last thing and I
haven't told you guys that I'm actually
flying about out to Sydney tomorrow and
I'm we're just on our way to see Louie
he's gonna meet it on my dreads again
before I continue on my travels alright
we've come back to hang out Louie's
gonna fill these out and I'm gonna show
you a little bit more like how he's
actually better
you just kind of pick it up trying to
wrap it around and then you kind of
pushing the hook through and grabbing
these hairs on there on the other side
and pulling them inside and then as you
pull the hook out you should be curving
the hook so kind of let's go other hair
rather than yeah rips yeah see that
Louie
thanks for salt my dreads out well my
dreads are looking pretty neat no he
always does a good job I need to learn
that crochet technique we're coming back
into town we're just stopping up for a
little fee tonight with everyone with
having a little farewell meal over our
Mara's house thing
something done right we've just got here
and we're getting some food together
leave some salami rolling we've just
come outside because Bridget told me she
got attacked by a massive spider while
she's driving and we in the theory we
can find there it might still be by the
car what happened what happened Bridget
driving along and a spider jumped on
here and I saw it I was at stuff light
and I saw her and I ran up that window
and he crawled across across here while
I was how big was it and then you came
to this side and then you don't know
where he went
and I couldn't see I'm hoping he does it
then inside the garment and go inside he
might be in here somewhere
well guys today's been really chilled
and I've actually been sad today today's
my last day and I've grown to love a lot
of people here over the last few weeks
and I'm starting to go I'm gonna be
going down to Sydney tomorrow and then
on to New Zealand for a week
I'm gonna be travelling will run in
North Island and getting up to a whole
bunch of adventures so keep watching
things are gonna get a bit more exciting
it's being pretty cheer with the last
couple days and yeah I've got an early
start tomorrow
see you then peace out enjoy your life I
hope did venture
