I'm just arriving at Ben's house and
we're going to go out and get coffee
where you taking us best we are heading
to one of my favorite coffee shops
Harrison school otherwise known as
Harrison hooli guys look at Ben's eyes
he's almost got the makeup off from last
night but it slightly looks like he's
wearing eyeliner I like
we're wrapping up the laptop Club
we've been chilling for a couple of
hours now and we're about to head up to
Josh records gig in London it is EP
launch day it can be quite exciting guys
we've just driven into the worst traffic
I've seen in a long time
guys guys I just arrived it's venue and
lick what's directly in front of us it's
it's a full-on tank just chill in there
I'm so confused
a tank why is there a tank and the
turret spawn point it's so intimidating
look so we met with day hello Dave
hello and we are hungry so before we go
into the gig we're gonna get some bombe
burritos I just went over this place it
smells amazing like the bomb everybody
go
are these guys are awesome Callens
arrived with backstage with Josh I'm
about to go on stage oh I do I think
mine is just like chilling like Miami I
know there's about 50 people here that I
know and like my mom and dad here
and that's like that absolutely
terrifies me they've not seen a gig
before the thought of that oh good but
let's give it Josh let's go anyway yeah
my skin skin
do
- was he lifted ice might fall and the
wind I read one for Justin T ha
so it was on you know wrong thing for
tasted Anderson you glory fell for any
some Shelley you're fine semi on fire so
the exponential is pretty amazing I just
bumped into you Krissi's if New York
he's just visiting up there studying
here and doing lots of his own station
got you go and check them out I'll link
it below do you up under the gig yeah
now the dash is awesome if you like
having like music you have to like see
him in my just mind-blowing
and Josh is actually watching this EP I
think something is our link without so
guys there's not many people that I see
just walk past randomly and recognize
from YouTube and feel a little bit
starstruck so this guy Thomas Gray he's
an amazing comedian Jackie Finn showed
show and I'm going to link his channel
you absolutely has to check out his
videos we've left
Josh's gig engaged my friend Vanessa
relief to the station and now I think
we're heading to my other friend's house
Jo's house and they've said they're
going to have a few people over fill it
with an after party I think it'll be
just like a chill things that I could be
fun your we love you see
clearly downtown with a capital C BT
you're the most romantic after I've ever
seen one of the neighborhood you put it
up his ice cube its crucially a spot as
I knew they'd leave and stomping and
when I come back boy I'm Charlotte
Ronson so Tom's just teaching Joe some
boxing techniques
well you might remember you might
remember these guys from the Norway the
Norway row turret video that I put on
this ages go no sis more I'm teaching
him here I go this is a jab yeah yeah
I'm gonna go like jab yeah yeah like
those one is an uppercut yeah yeah okay
ready see I saw that and thought like
that this I don't know that I saw that
and I was like so we're leaving the boys
house now it's nice dropping pots
Tilly's guys are my stories reminiscing
I wish you're going up against people
sleep in the house we've driven to
Canary Wharf which is where talentless
and before we drop him home we decided
this trip is dried up a little bit we
might have to go for a penny board
although Tom my friend Tom who I'm
dropping home is well he hasn't got a
penny board so we're gonna hopefully get
him a bike a Barclays bike so Tom's got
his bike I'm ready to go got a boards
let's roll
just the record I think this is a really
bad idea
at least if you stack 50,000 people see
it yes so the police aren't too happy
with penny boarding apparently so we're
just going to try and avoid them find
somewhere a little bit out the way check
these yachts out guys this is Callum
doing particularly well penny boarding
considering is anything do it for five
days twenty two three in the morning and
it's time to get some food after I think
Oh
plus three in the morning I think that's
enough skate night we need to drop
people home it's raining
the end of a very fun very long night
bends off to sleep bye bye bye man it's
been a good day
it's so good to see Josh in concert
again he is an incredible musician and
just an absolute legend if you don't
know I lived with him for a couple of
years and he is a good friend and I
would really encourage you guys just to
go follow him get involved follow him on
Twitter download his music whatever just
get behind him he's he's going to be big
I'll link all his stuff below but um
yeah I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
