hey guys I'm Val I'm got we're from the
Philippines
and you're watching for Louie
I had another long lion this morning
I've made myself some cheese toasties
and that's cool Ben that's a cool bed
hey man had a bit of a lion this morning
what your plans today then yeah I'm up
for that yeah I'm spending my sad day
today just clearing out this room I've
been using as a bedroom at my parents
house is kind of my dad's office slash
my temporary bedroom awesome still in
the country
for my other sister Hilary's staying
tonight with her husband so Darcy's
gonna come in this room I'm either gonna
stay here or go to Steve's house because
he's got free house and but in the
meantime I need to clear all my junk out
Chris I made quite a mess just about to
jump to my car head up for London look
how beautiful the sky is
all my years of driving that their
windscreen wipers get jammed on these
fuses are so fiddly to Gao
well lead mission place fuses crazy
little guys it's the seven foot palm
tree where we going Ben that's never I
think where you've mentioned something
about a Halloween party but we're not
particularly dressed up always no I
don't know it's like a party or more
like a Halloween experience at the
YouTube creator space
Tom's get low snap
a little pre-dinner snack
to get c-shape likes you been so healthy
okay well just on white free
cheeseburgers
I just love make those successful Drive
boys food stop put together some roast
chicken and these chips
I found some parking but I'm over on
this single yellow line but I think
that's alright because it's already like
8 o'clock in the evening so I'm hoping
we don't come back to a ticket this is
Dan from Google he's inviting us into
the creative space and we always say a
naughty words the cameras on good free
coffee
YouTube Thank You YouTube but it's
Betty's turn to go into the place
it's like volunteer house kind of thing
but you just go in your own man up man
up let's go so guys it is either the
visa guitarist and the musician and
usually to check out his channel a
relational oh very cool is cool coming
to these YouTube events because you get
to meet a lot of cool creators and stuff
and let's get some
okay it's fine we're experienced okay
okay yeah oh yeah how did you find it
been legitimately really really scary
I'm saying - Ben I think by rationalised
fear say if someone's running at me like
screaming like a zombie if I'm like I
think I could take them down then I'm
not scared but if it was like there's
something much bigger than me with a
weapon or something on maybe scared
realizing now I feel about those three
cheeseburgers as a snap so we're in
Byron burger
I should have way Thomas develop
something by tearing the napkin again to
start again it's very clear about there
it's a shape map so so England and the
UK is here the site is bronze later
we're going for the Wonder see which
funder but nice go out somewhere the
guys are staying in this long queue for
a club I think me and Ben are going was
a little adventure to find something a
little bit more unique to do something
Cheers
a little bit peckish of drops nificent
food yep chili sauce piece just Scott
down like a bob and then we were
wandering past and we found this
late-night coffee shop which we really
excited about because we're always
looking for late-night coffee shops oh
yes hmm
at 2:30 in the morning and we've still
just been chilling in that little coffee
shop I think it's going to become a
regular spot really good prices amazing
food and mazing coffee if you ever
sucked somewhere to be late at night in
London just a good chill-out spot
it's apricot food look at that car
Wow Wow I don't even get excited about
cars and those very sorry
just drop they're not to be a fun night
man
so I decided to come back instead of
Steve's house tonight while she's still
away and I'm getting into bed peace out
enjoy your life and live the adventure
very
