I'm talisha from Australia and you're
watching fun fellow e right today we're
working on with this guy jumping on my
bed I found a good use for this Parkway
I'm gonna put a bongo pug all right
we're now heading off to the emerald
creek falls and died the way they look
much better than yesterday say so
there's a little stream in the road and
we're going to drive through it so
heading out to emerald creek falls and
we need to cross this little section of
river to get out there and we're just
trying to decide which is the safest
placed across because it's quite fast
flowing water it turns out it's been so
much rainfall that the water levels much
higher and it's flowing a lot faster and
it's a little bit dangerous actually and
we're supposed to be are carrying on
kind of crossing some of these sections
but they just look way too dangerous to
cross
it's also water I'm trying to look for a
way to cross but
yeah go check this out you can just
drink straight in the river with no risk
of getting anything that was it through
the straw as you're drinking
we have to backtrack find a safer place
to cross
so we managed to make over the river we
now need to walk up from the fold
through this rocky section and try not
to get swept away we got here we've
arrived
well we were hoping we'd be able to swim
at the waterfall but the waters just
flowing too fast and we don't get swept
away and died the terrain out here is
amazing this is like Australian bush
which is a different terrain to like the
rain forest which is over in cat and
we're only like 50 miles away just a
totally different climate it's like a
little bit cooler and totally different
vegetation crazy
we've arrived at a coffee plantation
called sky Barry for some lunch and
coffee and we just met this guy school
score ki ha he's nicked her glasses hey
taker was he doing hey what are you
doing sure always biting the rubber off
it he's baiting the rubber of it hey
like me hello hello hello hello hello
hello hello hello he can say his name
Amen are you saying check out burgers
out laser big burgers we just found this
sick house with a really good pretty
good drum sound
hi we're back in pans has a lovely drive
home we're dropping Lynette back at the
youth hostel she's going to pack up her
stuff and I think we're going to go out
for dinner and maybe to the cinema later
on I'm definitely out for a little nap
before they're right we're back at day
amazing we have a little chat we're
having a little chat with Rio all the
way in Hawaii hey man how's Hawaii hey
Doyle is very good i miss you guys heap
sir yes I was there with all your
adventures I can't wait to see you guys
again yeah oh it's gonna be fun I'm
feeling a bit weird my throat sore stuff
but oh yeah I'm good here playful haria
see we've we found out that we're going
to be in Melbourne together in March so
we're gonna have a bit of a reunion then
see you later bro see man well we'll
come into town and picked up the net
she's looking very lovely tonight swung
buzz McDonald's grabbed a little snack
still working on that whole a healthy
eating
thing and we have now arrived at the
cinema was gonna watch 47 Ronin
well that's a pretty awesome film
I've just been dropped off to collect my
hippocampus an eye lift at Mary's house
and we're now heading back to damians
for the night so just go back to the
house and I've been online chatting to
Steve and Jake and we've got a very
exciting announcement to make we are
launching a new product range of find
the nomads on Saturday 5 p.m. gmt time
and for those who don't know last summer
we launched our clothing line and we've
got some other kind of bits we sell as
well and this in certain work we've been
doing ourselves jakin and steve have
been working really hard with designs
and you know sourcing the clothes and
everything and we've been sending them
out ourselves and over Christmas we we
did a cell and now we're ready to
relaunch with a whole new array of cool
things that we've designed and got ready
and to as a build-up to that we're doing
a really fun challenge competition where
you guys can have an opportunity to win
a whole bunch of stuff like goodies and
things from the new range so right now
i'm going to be posting an Instagram of
my adventure essentials so I just I've
grabbed a few items I'm going to take an
Instagram now and and we're opening up
for anyone to to join in just hashtag ft
n ft and challenges and we'll look
through the instagrams and they'll be
like a winner in some runners up each
day and i think tomorrow today tomorrow
next day and just something fun for you
guys to get involved with and you
actually go and follow the Instagram
account for find the nomads we're going
to be posting some of the products
before we launch so you guys can check
out what we're doing what we're selling
and we're launching a lookbook video on
the YouTube channel to find the nomads
youtube channel which we filmed in byron
bay
with all this new shirts about that and
an obviously Twitter just to keep up the
day but it's all linked below and I'm
really excited to show you guys all have
been working on and I hope you guys are
excited T so going into the competition
post an Instagram and I'll wake up
tomorrow morning to see what you guys
are posted peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
