hi we're hasten and you're watching
funds really we good morning everyone
thing is working out with a copy he
probably he probably slept for like I
reckon like 13 hours last night I didn't
sleep quite as long but we're just
watching my mum and my other sister
Hilary's first video on YouTube and
they're having a little mother-daughter
tag so we're just just watching now you
guys are gonna check it out I think
we're gonna head off on a bit of an
adventure but it's pretty miserable
weather it's actually a bit colder and
it's still raining from last night
we're just getting our morning coffee at
candy
now we're meeting up with our friend
Lynette he's boosting Australia from New
York she's going to join us in a bit of
an adventure up to Kariba right we have
stopped off in Miranda on the way to
Mareeba we've come back to the butterfly
sanctuary so I thought it'd be really
cool to show Lynette butterflies and
also it's dry in there and it's still
raining
these butterflies are laying eggs right
now on the leaves
the last time I catch the butterfly
house I didn't actually get a chance to
look at all the little caterpillars and
the breathing room so some little around
a guide these are the caterpillars to
the Hercules most the biggest month in
the world look at the sizes they are
showing it normos that's felicity
this guy looks dangerous
all right with ducks into a little
pharmacy because I'm not feeling that
great I don't know whether I've drunk
too much river water yesterday or
something yeah but Lynette's looking
after me she's giving me some voices
alka-seltzer
we derived the Mareeba and we're at
Damian's uncle and auntie's house is
arriving down I don't feel too good
I'm just gonna rest here I'm feeling a
little bit better
Damian's got into town I've got me
apparently one of the world's best
kebabs I'm looking forward to this I'm
very excited so this is all homegrown
fruit I'm gonna try some dragon fruit
which is this guy this letsplay tasty
this dragon through tastes like a cross
between beetroot and blackberries and
I've never tasted anything like it
before like inning and I've had like
some dragon fruits but they're like
really flavorless this is like organic
freshly grown stuff and maybe look at
this little tree frog guy she's amazing
hey man listen these little friends over
there this is his house he's gonna take
us a tour of the garden show us all this
fruit trees you hear that that's a tree
frog in the gutter crazy
oh hey gentle come with us hello so what
are you growing here in this garden
we've got some heads variety of herbs
this is summer fun here now so that the
regular vegetables going great yeah now
just on the
we use a lot of the tropical vegetables
this year which grows into quite a big
Bush it's probably one of my favorites
and my grandchildren's favorite yes got
a sweet the key flavor you just taste it
just eat the leaves like eating
asparagus yeah oh wow that's amazing
taste just like peas isn't it I got some
pork cause we're in self-sufficiency
we're about 90 percent self-sufficient
yeah very small amount of food don't you
also have solar solar panel yeah we have
solar panels on their roof so we've
pretty self-sufficient energy use as
well what's the difference with the
vegetables and fruits you grow here
compared to like they're kind of
commercial stuff that you'd buy in bulk
from like supermarkets stuff what's the
difference well you've tasted the
difference between the yeah some of the
fruits already you agree that they got
more flavor that's all right
I believe that don't all the vegetables
and fruits that we grow we've got more
flavor hmm but the thing that I like is
that it is fresh you know we can either
we can eat it straight right from the
plant yeah and it's got all the goodness
in it we've had to get the UM brothers
out because it's still raining
this is a hobby and a passion of mine I
grow a lot of different tropical
vegetables that are pod up and sell at a
local market we're just walking over to
visit the chickens
hey mr. toad
hello mr. toad are you
so we've had a little tour of the garden
and it was stuff growing there it's
gonna have a little tour of the house
now
show us around a moves gonna tell us
about these walls around the house hello
mosaic walls they they combine them all
different rocks decorative rocks like
shiny rocks like this I'm actually part
of the structure of the wall Wow yeah I
love all these mosaics amazing
I'll let mermaid I love creative stuff
for this when I eventually get my my own
property I think I'll do some pretty
unique architecture and design stuff
around it well before we head off we're
just sampling some spicy soup and this
is all vegetables grown in the garden
mm-hmm we've now come to Damien's house
and we are meeting the cutest little
pugs hey man
he's so hyper I just had a drink guys
Damien shows me bamboo it's a coffee
substitute and taste exactly like
instant coffee even better maybe I
wasn't quite fascinated when it's good
for you no caffeine or anything we're
gonna head to bed now night man
so we're staying in Mareeba tonight
Damien's mom's house and we're gonna
grate to some waterfalls and I read the
weather's a bit better tomorrow but
today was pretty good I was feeling it
rough but it's amazing meeting Michael
Damien's uncle and learning a lot about
kind of fresh fruit and eating healthy
and it's kind of inspired me a bit to
reassess my diet and why the junk I pick
my body and stuff of that but it's a
it's cool I think you guys should do
this same kind of research into healthy
eating and fresh food and stuff I think
is something we should all probably be
doing what right I'll uh see you guys my
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
