I slept so well last night this is
incredible this place we've just got up
a little late and we're walking down for
some breakfast
good morning are you feeling better
today Jack good news that's a nice
t-shirt saying Harry's family that's
where you're their will
lovely lovely bit fingers get em jack oh
oh it's your further but what it's got
tiny little teeth remember we just bleed
a little bit then
across the top top already bad now
revenue by now turns out Lizzie got some
poo slapped on there yesterday
haha
tiddly everyone has gone crazy
absolutely crazy
we are stopping to refuel and have a
little buggy break it down Ben we are
getting some awesome footage of the
moment Ben's just jumped on the back of
a motorbike and we're going to follow
him down a dusty track
we are having so much fun today just
prating around filming really creative
shots just having such a laugh is
awesome I think being in a group of
creative people really kind of gets the
creative juices flowing and we'd like
just looking for cool shots cool angles
film from just kind of bubbling with
ideas really exciting we've been told we
have to wear our shirt to this place
it's a very respectable establishment
and it's time for lunch
max decided to jump on the back of this
school bus just climb up the ladder and
we're trying to catch him up now storage
enslave him these boys are just getting
some arty shots of the teapot harvesting
how's it going I'm the joy bed for a
little bit I was made
where does happen.we was a driving on
these guys ambush was like the dark
things like agra - first i got it all
over me
that was absolutely mental wasn't it
that was the craziest thing I've ever
done in the street Indians know how to
buy they just throw gas go mental teach
me some dance moves like that got out of
hand and it's not even like 60 mm max
what just happened radio and war people
re and the basket fellow one who took to
us where his camera was and I just got
raided and it just smash the room so
he's going to come up and I think he's
going to fight a sponge laughs up what
you done mate Oh No
victorious now got trapped someone help
me please back in strength knows
oh we got Victoria out of that situation
I'm still worried about Harry though
he's pretty pissed about his camera case
smashed
for Harry's camera fell out for the
basket alongside the top which account
Arras cameras if things are smashed to
pieces second areas of this film
exposure to the engine
Oh how's Howard doing No
first time usually is something twice
now person
I'll just get through I'll learn from my
mistakes and happen again it's poetry on
film is so beautiful with so fragile as
well and now we just got stuck in the
ditch still gone slightly wrong then we
need to go and have a good night see
it's the end of the trip and things
start getting a little bit bad we've
arrived at the pushka fort we are
signing in we got given these very nice
glasses of rose water Matt max wasn't
keen on the Razr Luther anytime showers
and covered in doctor ovens and pop it
in powder we have arrived to our rooms
and I'm going to jump straight in shower
dinnertime this is the remains of arias
camera that fell out one of the tuk-tuks
we would like to find it in half I ask
for another hot curry it wasn't actually
that spicy I'm not impressed with India
spice levels yet we finally managed
surprised ourselves away from the
internet but we're still in our laptops
and I'm just editing some bits together
and they will be going to bed soon we've
got an early start with hitting the
market maybe ride some camels I don't
really know it's been an awesome day and
some catching us tomorrow peace out
enjoy life lived adventure
you
