I'm Hannah and I'm from UK and you're
watching thumper Louie so I've got up
and I'm heading to Steve's it's actually
quite late morning Martin's not even
morning anymore but I'm going to help
him and cheer them what's editing then
let's go back to Florida he's coming
over some companies and I totally forgot
yesterday to make the announcement I was
going to make with Steve so we're talked
about that when I get there so Matt
Steve's oh and let's look who's just
arrived
stop this and lunch at Pizza Express if
we can get a table there we get chili
oil get that on there
something there had a nice little
children understand I'm grabbing a
coffee before we went out I put some
cans of coke in the freezer to cool them
down and we're just checking to have an
exploded I know they exploded ruin my
whole realize happening right here hey
watch out they still might explode they
still might explode ro this happened to
me before but I bit into one and
exploded everywhere well I'm not
surprised if you bit into it my next one
is you bit in that's an amigo so Steve
and then editing I'm going to make it on
a cup of tea cheers hello hey man it's
time to take banner walk hello BAE hey I
am just nipping home to have some dinner
with my parents and Darcy I thought it'd
be nice to spend a bit of time with him
today
and then I'm heading back to Ben's we're
going to hang out bit more and come up
with a thump loud tonight I just got
back I missed having food with everyone
so I had some saved my dad's marking dad
did you cook this what what what we got
him up talk us through it so Brazilian
rice so it's cooked in a Brazilian way
Brazilian beans fish are nice beef
there's nice beef and few vegetables and
probably nice good wholesome family
home-cooked meal so I'm back at Steve's
he's finished his render of his video
which if you guys didn't see yesterday
don't check that out and we're going to
announce a few things I forgot to
announce yesterday because I said we
were gonna and then I totally forgot so
basically the announcement is me and
Steve are coming to Toronto the buffer
festival I'll link everything in the
description below but if you are in
Toronto or in the Toronto area we'd love
for you to come see us hang out for that
weekend is it the 8th
I think it's 8th to the 10th play for
the 10th of November and yeah I'll link
below where you can buy tickets and
stuff like that but we'd love to see you
and now I'm gonna do something which
I've been meaning to do for a while
Steve's gonna help me I'm going to trim
my dreads let's go find some scissors
bro so it's time to cut Louie's hair
let's do this all of it yeah there are
equal level hey Steve how this going on
we gotta get the puck go ahead an ice
puckster
so so we just got a pile over little
bits of dreadlocks now then we can make
something of this great okay done now
we're going to go hang out back samira
steve of managed upload our videos at
Ben's house because he's got super fast
upload internet which Steve's gonna have
later this week Oh boom and now we're
just figuring out a plan good lift bends
we're dropping Steve home man better go
into London a little bit of adventure
maybe we might go back up that tall
skyscraper yet tonight
so at speeds off by slamming guys happy
ticking lucky are you ready for this bet
are you ready for this yes good here we
go Oh pushing me into the ground so much
I got lunda so we're back here guys
we'll wrap it up doesn't waffle does
enough all this time I'm not we scared
Steve oh I've got a feeling this is
gonna become our new spawn a new face of
it
if you go in the toilets I think the
view is really nice because it is from
the ladies I'll guess and say for the
guys okay let's go in there is we're
just going for this toilet okay comes
recommended so Chelsea who works is let
us down and she said is all going to
check out the view from the toilets here
oh you know it's pretty good city yeah
we're going to be coming in it every
night we're gonna be coming there every
night just to write it up and down the
left it's like a free ride that's
another good night and Duncan waffle
house your first time to duck and waffle
really enjoyed it actually it was a lot
more chill up there I know it was two
o'clock in the morning but it wasn't
very busy and I think it's definitely
gonna be a place that I'm gonna be
heading back to mmm good coffee man very
good coffee so he spotted this sculpture
which is like a miniature version of the
one in New York I can't remember what
art is and I'm going to get a little
Instagram I'm not going
hey don't touch that we're on the way
home from London I thought I'd show Ben
where my bus is in Battersea Power
Station so we're going to nip here in
and see the lettuce in it's very late at
night but he's never seen the boom bus
turns out they've moved my bus from
where report it to be fair I haven't
been back here to check on it for a
while but we've lost my bus we can't
find it anywhere
easy come easy go Woodrow we're driving
around how do you lose a double-decker
bus all right we found my bus we found
my bus so showed been around inside a
little bit it's so messed up in there
they really want to show you guys loads
because I really want to kind of do
something with the bus and get it
rolling again but it's just such a it's
such a mess such a mess but it's called
show Ben I think I need to think of some
cool ideas for the bus guys definitely
right we've got back to Ben's it's
pretty late it's like 4:00 we're going
he's going to bed I'm driving back we're
not going to fit together who goods bed
I'm driving back and go to sleep
catch you later bro I'm almost home I'm
gonna crash out as soon as they get back
I'm pretty tired it's been awesome
hanging out Ben again it's great
and like I said earlier click-through if
you're in the Toronto area in the
beginning of November want to come to
the buffer festival because to meet you
guys
and
catch it tomorrow peace out enjoy life
and live Deventer Oh
