hi my name is CP and you're watching fun
blue Louie rolled it right today I
managed to make it into candy and I've
ordered some lights gang of coffee hey
leion Damien I'm good man you like it
strong yeah man right done with lunch
Damien's closed up the shop and and now
I'm going to follow him in his car to
the music shop and they're going to do
one more rehearsal before I'm before the
gig tomorrow night
Oh
we're just stopping off at a shopping
center we're going to get a little neck
to lead so we can watch films on
Damien's TV today mean used to work here
this little coffee place we're going to
go in there
till they prevent catastrophic
wait guys look at the sky it's like dark
everywhere and look at that that is
insane I've never seen that kind of sky
before I have never seen a red sky like
that that is very unique we're just
chilling back at home and we're having a
little look at the latest on this
cyclone that's hitting Queensland so so
we're up here and the Cyclones like
veered down towards Townsville it's been
upgraded to a category two and it's
actually we're gonna miss it completely
which is good but I was kind of getting
excited that were my experience
installation in a bit
it looks more severe on the satellite
image your app having its man that
decided since the Psychlos not hitting
and it's a dry evening we're going to go
out and have a little campfire on the
beach and cook some sausages of
something so we just come down to the
shops before the shots get some sausages
like I might meet so he needs just the
basics pride and sisters maybe a couple
of the onions to fry to the beach Damian
just gave me this thing to eat called a
salty plum never heard of in my life
before vile is that oh wow so sour so
soaking the parent needs a real looking
a real australian thing i have no idea
why he will you do
right we just got the fire going on a
beach this is amazing i love five so
much
just examining our sausages I think the
room is done brothers man
well yeah man of good taste good though
it's funny I don't usually enjoy cooking
but when it's around a campfire it's
like actually really fun and you feel
like like you have to cook there's no
where to buy food out here that is an
amazingly made campfire sausage right
there alright we are back we are back in
the car that was awesome guys that was
just so awesome so one of those moments
are just like sitting now I didn't want
it to end it's just incredible how's the
other sausages I'm so full yeah no
proper fat and juicy dyan eels are so
nice guys we were just walking on here
to find the Swingle to jump into and
it's bad massive bat flew out this tree
we lift it up and there's a massive
Python coiled in the tree and it gone to
one of these bats come and share this
how it's mental don't really see this
guy that's two quite as tail crazy it's
a wild pipes and just chilling in a
trick yes Australia yes so we are on a
mission to find a swimming pool now we
can sneak into
and I trying to find this friends
then he's just gone on a little mission
to find a towel
but just to show it you are so annoyed
he just shouted so loudly and then ran
she just stopped up again briefly to
have a closer look at this Python injury
well it's three in the morning we've had
a very eventful night and just yeah it's
an incredible evening probably one of
the most unique amazing sunsets ever
seen got to chill on the beach campfire
couldn't show you guys but the stars
were out tonight as well all in all just
a beautiful beautiful evening and we had
a lips where and we saw that crazy snake
anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow for
the big gig peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
