hi I'm Laura I live in Bangkok and I'm
French and you're watching funky Louie
Steve's hair is chucking it in rain but
we're gonna go out for some lunch
this is not good rather a man oh yes
12:00 Annette paid in breath yeah good
man how ye I'm hungry I'm starving
check this swanky burger out mozzarella
buffalo mozzarella wait essentially
decaf latte guys you'll be proud of me
strutting straight out cappuccino now I
like my little heart back into the rain
this is horrid man I know a lot of
people stay oh it's always raining in
England but that's exact reason why I'm
always traveling because English weather
sucks
we're gonna head back to Steve's house
I'll get a bit cabin fever in my house
to sit in there I think I might go with
the gal with some more stuff and so back
at Steve's you've got last book club
got a little fizzy waters cheers man
we're trying to be healthy no not as
much sugar and stuff and not a bunch of
caffeine yeah I'm dirty guys Steve is
upgraded his server for his website his
blog and I just tweeted out that it's
it's online again
and we're watching the live people right
now that all on the site that's so cool
so it's that real time there's 143
people on his blog right now
that's cool though right it's cool
that's cool man yeah like yes he's gonna
be updating his blog quite a bit more
often than his videos hopefully daily
but we are filming a video tomorrow yeah
yeah definite yeah do that
don't you worry Steve I'm gonna make
sure Steve's making this videos we are
taking Bay for a walk and she's got a
nice flashy collar on with his daughters
though
right I'm off me come on up bro today
mental it's money yeah yeah I am yeah
yeah today we're gonna fill with a video
I could Steve tomorrow yes yes
stop taunting the card my mum and we're
heading up to jazz night and this 686
club in Chelsea which is where I went
where we live for my birthday and our
friend Natalie Williams is before me
which is quite exciting
it should be a fun evening together
stop it dinner before the performance
starts
cheers mama this one in the sensational
is nasty Williams
me I hate the fool
though I know
Oh No
so this is Natalie she's heading off
you'd be listening to her this evening
where can people find you online please
don't ask me William Stockholm or just
want me on Facebook which is also nasty
Williams okay or on Twitter I'll link
everything underneath so you can yeah
Natalie's voice makes me so happy I know
it sounds cheesy vice so awesome
tonight like there are a few sick dude
Emma goodnight mom yes they get in there
so I'm back such a good night so good
spending some quality time than mum good
bonding time and I so good see Natalie I
haven't seen her in ages and she is
storming the Jazz soul music scene and
she's amazing and they are both really
inspirational women in my life my mum
does such amazing things like with her
just singing as well and just the work
she's doing kind of building databases
and programming and then even with her
and my dad and Darcy moving to Brazil a
couple years back and doing all the work
there with the orphanage and stuff it's
it's been inspiring so anyway thinking
about inspirational women and girls it
ties in quite well with this email I got
from the UN Youth Ambassador for the
girl up campaign and basically today
happens to be the International Day of
the girl was actually some yesterday
because this vlogs going out tomorrow
anyways and it's bringing awareness to
women in developed countries the UK the
US where they're they've got more
opportunities and they're treated more
equally to basically help empower women
and girls in developing countries that
don't have the same opportunities or
they may be oppressed and it's an
amazing campaign and I think you should
check it out I put it in the description
check out what they're doing join the
movement get involved because I actually
think one of the most important things
we need to be fighting for in this world
is equality especially for women and
there's a lot of stuff going on around
the world that we're not aware of so
check that out get involved and also
check out Natalie Williams like I said
I've linked all her stuff below she is
one of my favorite if not my favorite
singer in the world and she's incredible
so definitely check her out tomorrow I'm
gonna be hanging out Steve we're gonna
be having lots of fun filming his video
and I've got some announcements we've
both got announcements which we're gonna
talk about tomorrow
anyway peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
