hey guys today is a very exciting day
today today that I'm going to be packing
everything for our three months
circumnavigation flight around the world
me and JP as you know have a small plane
we're leaving from California next week
and I have to get everything together we
have to pack super light but also pack
enough for three months to create a
documentary for me to do my vlogs charge
with my things and yeah not over load
the plane so only start off by showing
you some things I've ordered the last
couple of days some last-minute
deliveries I've had it's going to be a
bit of a an unboxing and then I'm going
to lay out everything I'm taking on the
trip and talk through each item and I
guess yeah this is thing and knowledge
I've acquired over a number of years of
traveling and I want to show you guys
what I found to be the best and most
space productive and useful items and
tech for traveling with especially
traveling carry-on only so I never
checked the luggage so it's going to be
all fit in a bag which I can take on it
as carry-on so let's start by unboxing
all of these things I've ordered the
last couple of days and I'll talk you
through them quickly oh this is so
exciting honestly right so number one
number one that this is a nose hair
trimmer and what I'm trying to do with
all my little items and tech is try and
find us be chargeable stuff so I don't
have to worry about double-a batteries
and rechargeable batteries everything
can just plug in USB so if I'm correct
and boarded correctly this is a u.s. be
chargeable ego a u.s. be chargeable nose
hair trimmer
Oh conveniently I've opened the second
grooming products I've got this is again
a USB charger ball they like us be
chargeable beard trimmer
so listen give me looking presentable
whilst we're traveling around the world
I won't come back with a big beard by
far this is the most exciting thing I
ordered but it is also the most
expensive I bought an external portable
SSD drive 2 terabytes guys literally
look how small with it
and the read/write speed on this is just
like I guess like 4 times faster than
than the normal portable hard drive but
this literally has one USB C input and
what the plan is
I bought a bit too much velcro but this
is another thing I thought I'm going to
velcro this onto the back of my laptop
this is something I learned from Steve
hooker a little tip and then this is
what I'm going to be running all of my
video editing off because it's fast
enough speed to edit 4k guys I bought
some of these the other day and then I
thought Minjae probably made quite a few
of these to charge batteries because
we're both going to have an 87 s2 and
both going to have an a7 r2 so at any
one time we are powering with the
Simpson batteries able to the same
battery these guys so this is the most
slimline charger I found for charging
the batteries and amazingly when I
bought this that is rad rad power when I
bought it it comes with two additional
power branded Sony batteries next up
this is very handy guys this is an SD
card case and inside there's little
slots for the micro SD s so in total I
can have 24 SD cards in here plugging
our 12 micro C's and twelve normal solid
jet ski Todd right this is the USB 10
USB charging box so this gives a 70 watt
total power and can charge an output
each port up 2.4 amps so these two ports
are quick charge ports for charging
quick charge compatible
products I've got a couple of other
small items this is a pen screwdriver so
in the back this screws off and there's
a nice little screwdriver heads that
come out and then you can attach the
front and adjust the micro ones you can
use to fix little things that's broken
so one of the things you want to try and
do on the trip is livestreams from our
phone i've ordered this amazing click on
iphone camera lens i guess you can click
on any smartphone it's actually a clip
you can clip on the selfie cam so you
can record your face
a lot of the high-end iphone attachment
lenses i only clip on the back of the
phone which obviously is the better
quality camera and if you're just using
it for photography and filming normal
shots it's great but i only really want
a wider left angle lens so we can do at
kind of selfie livestreams so if this is
going to be an incredible lens check
this out obviously I'm going to be
linking all of these products below in
the description of Amazon affiliate link
you can click through those and order
them yourselves I've spent quite a bit
of time like I said traveling and
learning what's best and what's useful
so hopefully some of these items will be
great for you guys as well oh my gosh
guys that is seamless this is a pocket
printer and this is the little photo
paper that comes with it and what you
can do is you can connect your phone to
this little printer and print off photos
walk around about so I thought this
would be an amazing way to connect with
locals around the world from different
cultures we can see selfies we can hang
out with them and then then and there
give them a little printout of what
we've been up to so this is a little bit
like a Polaroid camera but because you
can print the photos from your phone you
can do a lot more with it I think out of
all of these latest things I thought
this is the thing I'm most excited to
try out we're not going to be on the
plane the entire trip we're going to be
traveling around in each country and we
may be traveling in vehicles I'm sure to
get to some of the places we want to
interview people and see the local
culture we're going to be in vehicles so
because we don't have any means of
charging stuff on the plane
other than battery banks that we bring
with us
we're going to be pretty desperate when
we land to charge things up so when we
jump in taxis or rental cars this is a
way for me to plug my laptop straight in
so this is a normal cigarette lighter
power adapter but instead of just USB it
has another output as well which clicks
in there and then this gives you a USB C
output at 90 watts so this will charge
up my laptop honestly it feels like
Christmas right now I'm so excited guys
I may have gone overboard with these but
these are little velcro and cable ties
the idea is you connect the end of your
cable in here and then you can loop over
and make sure the wires all rattled up
and it's not going to get tangled and I
have literally hundreds of cables so
this is going to be an incredible
addition to all my things on that same
theme I bought a case just for my cables
and this also has ways of keeping your
cables kind of tied together so I'll
Ravel them up and I'll be able to stick
them behind these little elastic bungee
things just to hold it in place and add
a little zip pocket and then this will
kind of flat pack and hopefully I can
just slip in my bag you may have seen
before and I'll show you later I have a
kind of power extension cord with
multiple plugs in it but it's it's been
slightly salty and sparks a little bit
when I'm plugging in third places so
this seems a bit more robust but again
size-wise this might be a bit too much
for the flight so to check this out this
has six sockets and these are
international seasoned plugs UK Europe
and America incident and then it has on
the bottom five USB ports including a
quick charge port
guys this was something I found from
watching YouTube videos about any
lightweight follow focuses I could buy
it and if any of you are filmmakers and
you view the follow focus before you
need an entire frame around the camera
and it does make pulling focus so much
easier because you can just twist this
little handle on the side of the lens
rather than focus like this so when I
looked into ways to make focusing easier
on cameras and I found from years ago
this guys found this hack so basically
what you do is you put this is a jar
opener this is a way of gripping a jar
so what you do is you put that around
the camera lends itself to the focus
ring you pull this tight and then what
you have is the ability to focus in and
out with this kind of rubber handle on
the side which will make it a lot easier
and if you look I can go fully around
very easily rather than having to kind
of twist my whole arm and body to keep a
hold of the lens though this is going to
be great to the cinematics guys
absolutely great so external power on
the trips going to be important because
the plane doesn't have main power we
can't mess with the electrics on the
plane obviously we don't want to blow
anything if I'm trying to charge too
many items at once so we're going to
leave the plane electrics a separate and
external to what we're trying to do with
charging so there's our main power
source on the plane I brought to these
anchor twenty six thousand eight hundred
milliamp hour batteries and they have
three USB outputs including a quick
charge output is the exactly packed
come with a quick charging device that
in three hours can charge it up to
eighty percent charge and I think we're
full charge maybe takes 10 hours so guys
after many many hours is actually now
dark it's very late at night I have
managed to set all of the things out
that I'm going to be taking with me
around the world there may be some
things here actually that I don't end up
bringing but I've laid out pretty much
all of the things and I'm attempting
to fit them in that bag once I've shown
everything to you so sorry over here
most important things the trip is the
cameras I have an a7 r2 and an a7 s2 and
these are the cameras which I always
travel with and I've also got these
little micro muff fluffy what do you
call them dead cats so this is for the
the audio people always ask me what are
these little fluffy things for the audio
so you don't get wind noise and I have 9
spare batteries including the 2 in there
so I think I've got 11 batteries so
hopefully we won't run out and then I've
got these three charges which I'm
showing you I opened earlier and a got
also got an aurochs 100 marks 5 this is
just an amazingly versatile little
pocket camera it's a good backup camera
also shoots in 4k and 55 minute segments
and they can do ultra slow-mo actually
even slower than the eighth of an S
right these are the lenses on bringing
and let's start off here in no
particular order
I just got order I've laid them out in
so let's start here this is being sony
85 mil 1.4 so this gets an incredibly
shallow depth really good low-light it's
quite cropped in apparently the best
width for focal lengths for portraits
then I've got a 20 mil 1.4 same aperture
much much wider this is actually the
widest lens I could find online that
comes with enough to have 1.4 and it's
not a a sony lens it's a sigma lens but
i've got a little adapter but as you've
seen before if you watch my videos it
makes a bit of noise when it's also
focusing when you're filming and then
i'll don't quickly through this is the
new 12 to 24 and it has a nest of before
but this is the widest lens I have and
it's incredible and then the most
versatile lens I've got the 24 to 240
this was a bit broken thanksfully sony
are going to get me a replacement to
take enough light when I get to LA but
I'm going to make do this in the
meantime
and then the 16 to 35 I think this
is again one of my favorites and then
moving on to some more compact lenders
but still really good is the 55 1.8 and
the 28 - and then this adapter here
actually makes this 28 - into a 20 to 22
2.8 so length of the lens I used to
shoot on this a bit when I was vlogging
but it's still a fixed focal length but
yeah this is pretty pretty epic and then
the two lenses I'm going to be picking
up when I get to the states are the 35
1.4 and then need the 16 to 35 2.8 which
is a much lower aperture to the current
15 35 I have anyway lots of lens talk
there okay let's move on we have a lot
of SD cards here I thought come around
this way because I thought this is
really cool right guys I was just
sorting through all of my SD cards I had
and I meant it managed to find a 2
gigabyte and 8 gigabyte a 16 gigabyte
mr. mister for 32 64 and also guys look
at the the read/write speed of this one
is insane 300 megabytes a second there
64 one two eight and a two five six
gigabyte SD card obviously won't
probably bring in the two or eight
gigabyte SD cards with me but I just
thought it's cool to look back over time
and to see how with it you know how
technology is advanced and still kept
the same size like literally look at
these two cards next to each other
because that same card size two
gigabytes and this is over a hundred
times bigger 256 gigabytes and moving on
as I showed you before the little pocket
printer which I'm really excited about
using I've got a little case somewhere
for that and that I'm going to find a
portable hard drive case just to keep
protect it and it actually fits
perfectly in there
so zip that up keep that from breaking
and then these all the little photo and
there's a little tax of the photo paper
and right we're moving across the table
as fast as I can so these are my
snapchat spectacle
fools I've actually colored in with a
permanent marker to hide the fact that
their snapchat spectacles because then I
can do a bit more covert filming when
I'm out and about just click the button
and now I'm filming them slogging knew
that going on to some clips there so
this is what I I have on my mind waste
all the time white belts and I just clip
the camera there this is a piece
designed clip and then you can just look
at clothes and that just you know it
knots into things as you may have
noticed my lenses and cameras on
pristine condition but it's really handy
just for quick release and you know pick
it up and shoot and then this is really
handy as well this clips clips didn't I
actually have one each side the peak
design clips and then this what you can
do here is you can actually clip in
lenses and have them quickly accessible
so if you want to quickly you know
switch lenses on the go and you don't
have to take your bag off this is these
are pretty cool I've got this gimbal as
well this is the the I can ec1 think it
is yeah and this holds the a7 s or the
eighth of an R with most of the lenses I
have and keeps it really stable sewing
this really cool steady shot and that's
quite bulky to bring on the trip so I
think it's worth it and that takes these
cool rechargeable batteries and exactly
what these batteries are but in the epic
battery these are two loom coops so
these are the brightest little lights
I've ever seen and these use be
chargeable they're fully waterproof you
can go scuba diving with them if you
want and yeah I have two for you know
various situations we might be in a mode
we need some very bright lighting well
so moving on to my GoPro setup I have
the GoPro karma grip I have three hero
vibes
one with a floaty handle and this is
actually a diving housing for going
below I think I think these ones that
are waterproof you have to make sure the
little doors on but these are waterproof
down to I think 10 meters but in the
dive housing I think
is waterproof down to 40 meters which is
kind of essentially this scuba diving
and then I've got actually even got a
colored filter on if we you want to get
some colored pop make that color pop
when you're looking at coral reefs and
colorful fish underwater that's always a
must a couple of spare batteries all the
sticky mounts we've got a dual battery
charger here and these are all the
different clips I think this is the clip
for the peak of your hat or you can use
it as a little mouth great this is for I
guess gripping them for the handlebar a
bike or a pole or something and yeah
just different things this this is a
GoPro mount for a normal camera a tripod
mount and then I've also and I actually
stole this of my friends but this is a
really cool GoPro Pole and this is a
really long ones I think if you want to
get those cool selfies I think we're
going to be able to hang out the plane
with the poles but they'll be situations
and also this floats so if it does fly
into the sea or something we floating
like that and what are we where we are
now okay so I've got this I haven't chat
with JP but I feel like this would be a
really good for mounting cameras and if
we need to sit on the the window of the
plane this is like a three separate
suction pads and I think this would give
you such a secure mount for a camera now
this is the the new GoPro 360 camera I'm
not sure whether I'm even supposed to be
telling you about this and only one is I
think nine people in the world that has
one of these and I'm going to be
capturing 360 footage on the fly and the
whole free month adventure and yes
uploading it to show you guys right
moving on so the DJI maverick pro is an
absolute must to the trip all our drone
shots will get on this and I've got two
spare batteries all fully charged look
how organized I am and then I've got the
multi battery charger that you can just
slot in I would totally advise if
anyone's getting the Maverick Pro to get
the bundle deal where you can charge up
to
or batteries at the same time right
moving on to hard drive for the trip now
this is nowhere near enough space
although these portable hard drives
these are Western Digital hard drives
are four terabytes this and this I guess
here's 12 terabytes this will not be
enough for all the footage we've been
going to be capturing over the four
months these are amazing drives that I
was highly recommended and we are
actually going to try and get ten of
these and where we can is post a
duplicate of our footage back up back to
the UK or the States and we'll hold on
to one copy ourselves that is the plan
when I get to the US I'm going to try
and get a stack of these hard drives and
then I'll show you this guys is what
shown you earlier this is B 2 terabyte
solid-state drive with USB C and I
actually velcroed stuff a bit of velcro
my laptop and this now I can just mount
here and then I can do all my editing
off this little hard drive and I can
just lit literally just plug in around
the corner down to that little USB C
port the the dongle with all of the
thoughts the HDMI USB Ethernet USB C
micro and normal sized SD this is cool I
was even wondering whether to velcro
that onto my Mac as well but I think a
hold off an elf so here I've got the rad
power and external battery that you can
plug mains power into and it gives an
output of 100 watts which will charge
your laptop so this is essentially like
an external laptop charger and then I
have two and 20 how big of these so
these are two 26800 milliamp hour
batteries with a quick charge and these
will be our main lifeline whilst flying
the planes we're not gonna have mains
power we've got the 210 port USB charge
blocks which I showed you earlier and
I've been carefully connecting these all
my cables and neatly wrapping them up
and as you can see here this is our box
bag of cables which is a moment I don't
seem like any other clothes so I may
need to
you throw out even more cables or put
them aside and then I've got actually
another bag of cables here so there's a
lots of cables but necessary to charge
and power all of these things here the
only other thing is my tripod was in
Andy's car and he just sent it in an
uber which should be arriving soon
that's the last piece of my kit that I
need and we're going to try and pack it
all into my bag ok guys we did it we
packed everything into here and yeah I
don't know if I'm going to go to lift
this but just see how heavy this is
to be fair it's not quite as ridiculous
loads or is it it is heavy but yeah it's
manageable this ban on using is the new
bag I got sent to my friend companies
pack and I'm really impressed I've had a
few bags and I often struggle and we're
going to get my things in there and it
not being too uncomfortable but this
thing is pretty epic and yeah I I'm
highly recommend getting one I like all
that extra lip spaces I like the fact
that I can just easily slide my laptop
in and out even once the bags kind of
ram.4 as you saw we literally like
pulling the zips up I'll link the link
to the Kickstarter campaign for this bag
in the description you guys can go check
it out and hopefully order one of your
own and like I said earlier on as well
guys everything that I talked about
today
pretty much everything I'm going to be
linking below and seeing go through to
Amazon or bnh I've got a B and H
affiliate links as well and you can just
click through and yeah all of what you
want from what shown you today I
highly recommend everything I've got and
this is going to be essential to flying
around the world capturing our journey
in the most incredible way possible and
getting it getting to share it with you
guys so anyway we are flying out
tomorrow and it's going to be yeah the
most incredible adventure I've ever been
on I'll catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
boom
