right in the Russian breakfast this is a
lovely omelette well just come at the
swimming pool
everyone seems to be chillin sunbathing
relaxing to the max all right boy
- to swim to lengths underwater
Ben was teaching me some breathing
techniques he is 3 you reckon he can do
for but I don't know for I reckon but
it's gonna hurt you know and now I'm
just gonna lay back in the Sun for a bit
have some rays and I don't know how
Jack's doing but just let him sleep it
off recover a bit and then hopefully
with heading off later today
how you feeling Jack you're back what
exactly happened food poisoning lots of
lots of vomiting
do you think you've got energy to travel
today we're going to leave it up for a
minute my challenge broke off a bit yeah
nice man that's a really nice wrist in
the Sun we're just gearing up now just
finishing up packing we're about to
leave but we're going to grab some lunch
first and we're going to hit the road
this is our hotel bill after a very lazy
day we are ready to depart the tuk tuks
have all been beautifully serviced and
ready to roll with our best friend
can you help us find our way which way
do we go left or right
where does that
left what other than the year
I think they're saying straight on so
we've left really late today but the
Jazz have food poisoning I like to be in
the afternoon and we've got 250 closes
let's go we're going to drive really
hard we may have driven down a one-way
street we are crossing into Rajasthan
another state in India and we're really
going on yes hello
so apparently the car that we were
blocking from going past the kind of
joke we were playing turns out they were
a king from Rajasthan and the meter was
saying its lucky they didn't run us off
the road I didn't show you guys earlier
but fins added some frilly additions to
Victoria we've got these kind of bits
here we've also each tactics got an
Indian flag now as well as the British
flag so we just need to get them flying
a bit better
Buffalo guys max explain what you're
what you're doing here it's an it's
great initiative and intuition basically
I thought you know what their engines
overheating so why don't you babish
drink the back so the kind of bonnet
will just blow and cool it up that's so
funny sat in that car like hangout will
proceed which proving along aircon yeah
music yeah you guys like chocolates got
dirt on your short sight as I say i sat
watching from home feeling really like
nostalgic like how much of a
relationship I've developed with these
guys oh these little three-wheeled tins
it's not how are you feeling yeah bad
I've had half an apple so
I didn't really apply the brakes and
time and we were just behind these guys
so kind of fast it's little bin yeah and
scrape your chair putting a trailer
down the road for car
so merely Riya driving along in the
night and we've just looked in front of
us to see a moving hay bale we are we
almost our destination for tonight and
we went through this like toll booth
thing there's like a soldier and camera
and they've pulled over the support
valve we don't really know what's going
on
it's like the soldier he's got his gun
out he's getting all interested in the
tuk-tuks and star
this is all I wanted from this India
trip is to see an Indian elephant and we
pulled over because there's one walking
along the side of the road look at this
guy
the way over the parade accidently we've
arrived enjoy / and I am kind of in
shock that we saw an elephant I was so
excited it's one of the things I really
wanted to do in India and we actually
managed to see well you have you saw an
elephant been enjoying for welcome
elephants camels and parades boom hey
this is nice
what's up this is a very extravagant
hotel man I can just imagine like
Aladdin living here
it's like Aladdin's palace or outside
banquet they contend mmm that was
delicious dinner
I see delicious well I'm blown away by
how awesome this hotel is I feel like
last few days have been pretty nice
quite contrasting to the first few days
of the trip tomorrow we're pushing on I
think it's going to be a day mainly
focused on filming we're going to get
the helicopter out and just find the
nicest shots we can for Jack and Finn's
videos so I'm going to get some sleep
we're up relatively early peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
you
