hi I'm Ruby from Ruby explores and
you're watching fun for Louie today in
me and Darcy are gonna go and pick up
our other sister Hilary from the train
station and have some how many time I've
had this door why don't we go to
Richmond in a rowboat
like I said plan is we're gonna go to
Richmond and road noise on the test look
how stylish Hillary looks look at that
look at that I like it matching matching
everything so we've just stopped off for
snacks and refreshments and hopefully
when we get to Richmond they'll have
them some Roy boating folks available
because I think a lot of people are
going to be on the river today it's
quite nice no I'm just grabbing some
drinks and some Lucas a sport and bet
obviously he's their world-class athlete
told me Luke's a sport is not good for
you but on their packaging it says it's
better than water scientifically proven
so they're lying basically because I
believe Ben Ben's going to be angular
cool what's the name is my Mary yeah my
middle name
nice family day Hilary's having a little
going how you finding it John the go
Darcy oh look at me with my motor I
would love to live in a boat happy so
cool
this is this is a boat graveyard right
here there's something we don't know
about this for these boats for that
matter what have you
Louise planning to pee on this island
but we don't want him to get off the
boat but we're like in the middle of a
river and he's our rower and you are
you'll Ronald the rower yeah there's
like people having like lunch over there
and we're just we're just oh my gosh no
you don't know Dana don't know most
names crazy this made you've got a cup
of that I can can you hear him Pig
but look at the beetle you got these
like trees even though there's a bit of
a letter in them behind you we've kind
of rode a bit far away from the island
it serves you right for trying to pee on
an island the people who saw you are
going to capture you and don't fall in
no you're not you are not gonna jump
don't you dare
no no no you do no no our brother is
officially crazy
Louie is trying to stand row this is
what it's like trying to have a nice
calm chilled boat ride on a guide you'll
do the rowing that you like have to put
some twist on it one two three sit down
thumbs up you said sit down goodbye
catastrophe Island so if you ever want
to go on a nice boat ride with mr. fun
flew here that is what you've been for
yeah
well done Louis for doing all this
rowing what does it say
that was lovely such a nice little ride
down the river copy 5 Cheers
indulging in some chocolate chip in
there very good cookie difference we
have to pull over because the sunset is
so beautiful
we're just going to chill here for a
little bit watching
my mum has just arrived back from Paris
and she told me some present for me yes
a love totally right way let's have a
swordfight a Toblerone still fight how
was Paris shut the road we have cars
hips in ginger roses
Oh how many chicken and heavy things so
roast it up we had a lovely family
dinner first time we've been together as
a whole family for a while and then I'm
gonna drop Hillary at the train station
we're late as usual still later right
well I'm having another late night of
editing converting files and stuff but
I've had such an awesome day it's such
an awesome day tomorrow I'm gonna be
hanging out with Jack and Finn getting
more of India edit done brainstorm me
stuff up that should be fun and I'll
catch you guys then peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure boom
