hi I am added and I'm from Indonesia and
you're watching mine Farley good news
guys
the rain has stopped it's a lovely sunny
day and a ranch is actually got the day
off work today so we're gonna go on a
little outing probably to kuranda which
keep this little city not fifty town
double the hill which I went to you with
the Contiki talk but we're gonna go back
there I look like my house tears up at
that and on the way I'm going to drop
pass and pick up some vests at Kmart
because I've got a bunch of teachers
it's just far too often there's a large
selection of Wester I just want a cup of
I've bit confused about these pockets
we've all living got the kids oh there
you go so I ended up settling for some
double XL underwear vests which actually
we're more comfortable when lighter
material so I'm happy are these guys
we've arrived in kuranda and we are on
the hunt for some foods
I found a Cornish pasty how Olson's that
yes Cornish pasty this is so magical
that bar flies everywhere amazing
service
so apparently these butterflies only
live for a couple of days I find that
astonishing that is so beautiful and
they call this effort into the coming a
butterfly and then it's all over in a
couple of days what would you do if you
had a couple of days to live that's a
good question
I think this guy is dying matey
that poor guy that was amazing
that was such an incredible experience
how did you find it the blue ones yeah
yeah these are the cool guys this is
guys this is like a plane wreck this is
actually a plane wreck
check out this is like a prop from the
movie isn't a real plane crash however
is this this is what I want to do guys I
want to get by a plane put it somewhere
and like convert it to you have my house
in it okay that I have a growing cockpit
guys I found the most inefficient way to
fill up a water bowl check it come on
just get a little bit in there please
so come for a little walk and we're
visiting Baron Falls which is near
kuranda and when I was here with Contiki
we actually saw the waterfalls that we
saw it from a lookout point the other
side of this valley and we were looking
down on it little hairy and stuff where
is he going he's in a rush well we just
pulled over the way back down and this
beautiful lookout spot check this out so
we had a little rest and now we come out
for dinner at Ricardo's pizza Italian
restaurant we've been recommended I'm
looking forward to this love Italian
food all right we're just scanning down
the menu I think we've made up choices
or aren't just going for a margarita
I've decided to get occasion chicken
those pizzas were fast that was amazing
this arrives cajun chicken Oh smells so
good guys those defeated piece of
defeated me Coffee time
alright so we were just chatting to the
owner Rick and he said the most helpful
thing to help promote the restaurant is
to go into TripAdvisor which I never use
really but I'm gonna try and register a
Weber and give him a five-star review so
we have wandered into the cannes night
markets and this looks cool I'll never
know wander around see there's a few
little knickknacks I can think of right
I had a very interesting discussion with
this guy and this outdoorsy in a shop
and we were talking not only how to
charge my laptop and camera batteries
and stuff whilst on a bit of a trek but
also where I should go on a trek out
into the jungle where I can camp what
kind of Hammer canned stuff I should
take which got me very excited I'm
looking new vlogging look at this this
is so cool ranches vlogging she's she's
a she's been inspired I think guys live
for this amazing price for a 40 minute
massage with full body
it's definitely moustache site that's a
zoom s those guys check this out
this is a grain of rice with my name rid
of it
there are two gummy in the necklace
well I've dropped Iran trough I'm
chillin in the campervan and I've had an
amazing day full of some of the best
things in life for me massage coffee
jazz jungles it's been great
all right before I go to sleep I need to
show you guys something if you haven't
seen it
Ben has uploaded his India visual vibes
it is incredible
like there is some amazing beautiful
shots in this video and it shows a real
overview of the India trip start to
finish
incredible cinematography and editing
Ben world up map and you guys need to go
and show him some love he spent a long
time putting it together and it got me
all emotional got me all excited for our
next adventures together
why captain guys tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
