it's a new morning
we've all had breakfast and we're about
to hit the road today we're going to try
and drive to Agra which is a long drive
but the Taj Mahal is there and I think
we're going to be chillin there tomorrow
but we're doing well all the all the
girls are doing well come on Lizzy
what's up with loser then she's
misbehaving she starting fun yesterday
it was
it's not starting it's really starting
to get on there
I just want to get on the road I like it
when we're on the road but pants down is
flapping around on the side the roping
goes you know I just looked online and
we've hit ninety two thousand five
hundred forty dollars of our goal of a
hundred thousand dollars within like a
week of launching actually so amazing
it's kind of just a number on a screen
but you know it seems like that but it's
actually a hundred thousand dollars
which is going towards Teenage Cancer
Trust so it's like so amazing to feel
that as well as our adventure we're like
contributing to that and actually taking
part in something a lot bigger and more
important how you feeling this morning
Finn pretty good the big day and then
we'll go about ten hours of driving it's
ready ten ten and so it might be a late
night dinner Mary get it all right bub
so I think I'm gonna make good time I'm
gonna get where you want to go Steve's
really hot just wetting my lot good
lolly I did put a lot harder than I've
been running
we're stopped off to some water because
we're all very interesting look how cool
estrellas
the whole villages come to say hello
again surrounded time with Scott we seem
distracted really big so just been
tearing through town bumping over bumps
kind of weaving in and out and speak up
Mac slammed on the brakes next to us and
Jack's fight these big camera fell out
onto the road and I don't know there's
been damage all over what happened yeah
I can lightly lift you just rolled out
laptop seems to be working fine
scratches smooth that is
especially Mary's have another little
breakdown I don't know how serious it is
max said she kind of them it felt like
suddenly she just went out of gear and
it kind of plunked and then it came to
some stop and then we got that sort and
then something's happened again
I guess the similar things happen so
they're just down the road and I'm going
for a little explored still occupying
the bottle of coke just drive that wrong
side the roads down when everybody back
you're just driving along like 400 now
just slows right down it seems like the
gears are so many yeah
ma we're is your diagnosis
I'm ready caught what I'll be honest
because there's no glee club camp isn't
broken this other one will be gearing
because every time you're going on just
getting clumps stops the clutch kid was
fine but then the gear came from a
broken which would be an absolute pain
it's not the grub story always was no
that's part of opening line in line
oddly I put a lot we just pulled down
the road and we popped Mary into a motor
by mechanic tent to see if they can have
a little look at her and ship what's
wrong
some some angry man just came out to me
just start telling me don't take photos
of India don't photograph India don't
film India why are you here why are you
here like an angry man angry and I was
he was raising his fortune in the same
thing that's the first bit of like you
rate of violence so we've come across
something yeah everything's feels really
chilled and so now it is mad how much
attention we get just pick fascinates
people it's one charge the thousand for
oiling up an engine ugly oiler cello
dance a lot people UK but we've been
cheated thrown five hundred for the day
but alleged to be taken apart a whole
edge Perot chopped three hundred rupee
surcharges and now they're trying to mug
us off for a so let me tell them was huh
sorry awkward everything we mugs he's
trying to Marcus often how much a
thousand rupees
this fight about to get out ready
feels a bit sketchy around there isn't
it so they're getting a bit weird of the
pricing and stuff and then Ben and Harry
went up to the shops but we were told we
should probably get out of here quickly
so we now to jump in there to start
driving down the road everyone's like
today's journey isn't panning out to be
as smooth as yesterday's journey was
we've had numerous breakdowns already
Elizabeth just broken down again with a
lack of power so hopefully we'll still
make our destination for today but it's
going to be pushing it
what's happened now Ben well she just
cut out again exactly the same as last
time but their little nozzle that goes
on to the spark baggages come on so I
reckon it's wobbling loose come on
Lizzie come on Lizzie what what what's
the problem what's the problem Lizzie it
was just a spark plug don't worry don't
panic I think we're back on the road now
roadside laptop Club
we found some more rickshaw runners on
the update button
I got a nice bit of editing done and we
just pulled over to get some cool shots
at a helicopter
I live it for the water didn't I
I'll put a lot
they're shoving the holiday lolly a bit
but awarding our boys long guy look at
our hair oh yes look what we've been
greeted with fresh orange juice mango
juice Oh mmm wait cheers Ben it's dinner
time at this very very fancy restaurant
I'm nuna I'm doing the scoop Minh
it's the scoop and Jones
influence was deeper than that was a
delicious meal we're heading to bed now
because we're getting up for sunrise at
the Taj Mahal tomorrow we are back in
our room me and Ben sharing a bed
tonight it's got a big bed ah and I'll
see you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
you
