good morning guys in sad day today we're
leaving coffee being ribose said that we
can't remember the last time we be so
sad leaving somewhere who's being the
perfect week of relaxation and quality
time together and you know I'd highly
recommend high school food in the great
holiday destination and we're heading
back to London now for a few days and
then on to the next adventures and
yeah we've arrived then it might cut off
light and appealing befriend okay i'll
flight is delayed an hour get some food
there doesn't seem to be any big enough
and so we've convinced this heat the
place to make it half of the in pizza
which is quite exciting actually no
cheese felix yeah yeah there we go all
the ingredients with your exit road so I
just dropped fryer and I bags off the
places staying for the next couple of
Aiden sorry and I've swung past my
parents house because I'm going to be
sitting down with my dad now and looking
at his ancestry DNA results I don't know
you guys saw the video the other day
where I sent off you basically send off
a little saliva sample and within six to
eight weeks they send back I guess like
an estimate of your genetic heritage and
where you're from so yeah I did a
sit-down video the other day if you
didn't see that I'll link it here you
can go check that out first
and so maybe pause this video go and
check that out and now my dad did the
exact same thing and we're going to sit
down together and for the first time
breed his results so I'm hoping I
actually found out some things about my
genetic past as I didn't know and hoping
my dad will find out some interesting
things as well we're going to be sitting
down we're just like setting it all up
now to do a little tripod shot a nice
little shot like that this is also guys
the first video my dad will be putting
on this channel for a couple of years of
obviously you guys know my dad's been
doing like cooking videos mr. Cole cooks
but we're switching things up a little
bit
creating room for some variety of video
with more from on a ice rink and this
guy skated up to me that you're mr.
Costa Angie Louise called dad sorry and
I said Louise we just love your videos
when the lot coming out so my depression
cool so you know today fresh I get a lot
since playing get those videos either a
petition signed page of it two more so
here at I want to do more yeah we're
going to mix it up okay so I'm urging
basically like persuading my dad to get
back from the video so we're going to
try and film one right now and I'm
excited because we're going to be
delving a little bit more into the known
history of my family as well and my
dad's been for a while kind of
researching on the ancestry.com like a
family tree build of it you can kind of
connect kind of who your grandparents
were your great-grandparents where
they're from so we're going to have a
look at that
go through some old like these photo
albums are like some of them hundreds of
years old so yeah we going to be
exciting guys the other thing is if you
did see my video I'm going to do it
yourself
there's a discount code you can check
out ancestry.com forward slash Louis
Cole or if you want to head to my dad
discount code sports slash Benko anyway
gives you a little bit of a discount
I think 10% and means that you can delve
into your kind of genetics past as well
find out stuff that probably you don't
know before we crack with my dad's video
and look at his results we're just in
the family tree section here we are I'm
gonna zoom in guys so check this out
this is you that is me and listen my
love yeah and then that obviously have
family tree not linked on here
but this goes to your parents this just
my mom now that your mom's outside
before our family tree became Cole your
mom's maiden name of sykes it was so
this is the first time I'm actually
looking at
and then you're saying your mum mum your
granny's maiden name is Dodd well
correct okay so as you can see you guys
I'm going to like sue complains what
we're looking at here you can see this
little pig this fairly trees and what's
the letter
there are I think Irish okay but I love
the oldest you track that date
seventeen what's up seventeen 2017 2017
at 200 nations of years ago Wow well no
gang or maybe 300 if you're right 300
I'm 290 years ago some Josh let's go
back a bit as net this is the comb
that's just a little : this is John Cole
your grandfather's her backup correct
when I did not know your
great-grandfather is John Cole and John
William Cole and your great great for
photos junk double yeah did this be like
a fascinating process doing the
realizing you had a lot of questions
yeah
and as you begin to research some stuff
gets on earth you get one as amazing and
then more stuff more questions happen so
your last beer left sort of with more
sort of her couples to her to solve them
to continue the journey because sure the
other day I did mine now we kind of look
at my dad and I am super interested how
this is panned out you as you see in a
minute it is quite different for life so
we haven't shown in mind ever about the
log on I also spoke to my grandpa in my
mum's side today and he's already scared
of for his ancestry DNA kit because he
was awkward to my video he wants to look
even further into our history and all
kind of genetic power so there's all
people that submit their DNA to more
accurately they can estimate where with
prompt and the database will grow the
information will grow I think like 4
million people are on ancestry DNA right
now and
yeah now now we're going to create
faster yeah a lot of people are doing
this what if you're doing it which is
exciting so I can over to you and yeah
right let's unlock out my bag account we
log into mine and we can have a quick
letter okay so you ready for this is
going to Maya is going to blow blow your
mind
I might need my glasses ethnicity okay
io 4 percent Great Britain height 58
percent Europe web so France and
southern England but got that but
without big dirty person
Irish but that also links to the kelp so
you see over the eyes so I got a little
bit but Liz your mum probably has got a
lot of cottage
I think Island also covered Scotland in
it's a Celtic then they also sectarian
sports n Scandinavian or percent
Liberian and emitted less warm to spend
Finland's which not come from you 0 and
rather there it goes but isn't that
interesting thirty percent Irish /
Scottish and a few Cook has been Great
Britain more person thought that's
really surprises me
it froze me up to and I think the oval
up guys didn't see in a circle why we've
always gone to France on the holidays we
camp in France and at times exact we
feel the Ohio we already arrived we do a
two-day drive through France dance
better France yes there it is on the map
down there down there to our route this
is scary
you actually be going back to when it's
like sort of you know birds that fly to
there they migrate that with salmon swim
thousand a month you know what I don't
get its built-in and became as that
front if you know that's women from no
way yeah no well I feel this there's
more research to music academy so I'm
going to wrap up there guys if you want
to check out like that video head over
to his channel and like I said before
you want to do your own DNA other to DNA
test go to
three comp or slash Louis call and get
10% discount and yeah I'm excited see
your results as well but if you post
anything on YouTube or any social media
be sure to use the hashtag my 10th
history and it can be wondering what the
people doing here you have going to
check out my dad's video to find out
because I'm sure you're very intrigued
and brilliant cool well it's been
fascinating to delve a little bit into
our district and there's maybe some of
you guys will end up being related to
our two notes maybe will point to that
visible area so exciting yeah very
exciting right I'm gonna head up now and
I cannot wait to see what you dig up
from these results that we found
okay I've left my dad picked up Araya
and we're now filling up dinner friends
is one of the things I enjoy doing later
back in the UK we're running very late I
I invite though example of the film with
my dad and I thought in general I've got
better with my confirmation intention
punctuality probably but like we're
going occasionally I relapsed that to
being very lengthening we just happened
tonight hopefully and adding things up
we've arrived for dinner other than
Sammy's house and Alan didn't thing to
check that right whether I like spice or
not and I've known it most of Latin as
we all know um
Raya has like zero spice progress so
we've got a nice Thai green curry here
which I'm super excited to either a it's
Allen's kindly not gonna there
alternative the Raya Raya take that we
think I'm guessing is going to be pretty
above okay let's see iceberg visit yeah
perfect MIT this is great Oh Thank You
AMI
Thank You York so this is a non spice
version yeah they're in the reserve yes
Alan I'm impressed
well it's been a really good evening
nice hanging out with Alan and Sammy
some of you guys that have been watching
my vlogs for years may remember Alan
from actually from the first road trip
we did in the bus the double-decker
and the boom-bust back in the day and
anyway it's been a good night and me and
Ryan are heading back to the air B&B now
and yeah looking forward to the next few
days in the UK even though it's Thai
training which is classic in it such a
good day and now rain
right I'll see you in the morning peace
out enjoy life of the adventure
