today we are on our way to hang out with
the Walker brothers they're gonna give
us a little tour what we'll be doing we
don't really know what it is but it
sounds kind of cool
we are running a tiny bit late that
auric summer and the fast but safe
driver we've arrived at a beach parent
ear beach where there's crocodiles and
and jellyfish we're still going down
we've been giving these Spears and we
met Michael Brandon he's going to take a
spearfishing
getting Steve whoa let's do shovel arrow
will leave this little fella sorry right
sometimes we're venturing into the
mangroves apparently crocodiles don't
come in here so hopefully we won't get
eaten this is pretty awesome though
learning some Aboriginal survival
techniques more breakfast
periwinkle for breakfast
that day your muscle these green ants
this is like a little snack for us to
eat you guys going to try the end that's
gonna bite me bite you yeah they'll try
to bite you therefore you held him by
the head mmm-hmm lemon juice really
women appear for the taste mm-hmm lemon
lemon
so we are out of the mangroves now which
means we're out of the safety area for
crocodiles sneaking up on us right now
we'd never know what you're going to
watch out for it's quite you get the
bike was easier they make it as well
really quickly and painful this is
stingray barb we got one people done I'm
done food are amazing but wish I caught
a little fishy they're so hard and it
her so hard he made it look so
effortless hunt the mango Steve punt
them he's up top yeah thank you
Rebecca Brenda's house we're gonna eat
some about catch look at look at this
little dog he is the cutest thing ever
freshly caught from Salette man I have
the line out there
Alexa's first time driving the car and I
fear the babes all right it's a nice
monster we've just arrived at Cannes
Airport and this is where I say goodbye
to everyone
Steve Lex and Jake are all flying back
down to Brisbane and then back pain to
England I'm staying in Australia though
it's been it's been an awesome couple of
weeks I think we're going to go into the
airport grab some lunch
and then say our goodbyes it's been
lovely having a little goodbye everyone
how's the food have our coffees our last
coffee together Steve for a while and
guys Steve's been filming some videos -
about his trip in Australia and he's
been doing some plug post on his blog
make sure you go check them out
Instagram Twitter all that jazz and
these guys as well check them all out
we're departing now Mike Lai's
I'll see him back in England have a good
flight say hello to England for me oh
this feels very strange being on my own
I haven't actually spent time on my own
in Australia since well probably the
whole time I've literally been hanging
out with people so everyone's gone now
on my own first time crazy well turns
out my friend Ella is in Cannes for a
few days so turns out I'm probably not
going spending as much time by myself
the next four days of the whole so I'm
just skating down to a youth I still go
and get a drink right I've been chilling
at this youth hostel mal with Ella again
do you remember her from the me
celebrating my 500,000 subscribers and
certainly and this my friend Campbell
random story he's been on my bus in
England like years ago like years ago
and he's running bark rule tonight which
is not usually my cup of tea considering
electorate but I still got me a bit of
fun at the barbecue get to hang out some
people should be good night spreading a
run box boom dinner time I'll have a
thousand sausages please bro we're in
the bar I get the girls are a little go
limbo come on Ella yeah
jingo in this bar
the final bar in tonight is a little
talent contest going on let's check out
some of this color
Sylla so I just had a lovely evening
with Campbell Ella and George made some
new friends and we're planning to maybe
hit up some waterfalls tomorrow I think
actually good plan I'm going to have a
bit of a chilled one to be pretty
full-on couple of weeks and now I'm
driving over to stay with a friend for
the night Kat's goes tomorrow peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
