well it's another lovely morning we've
just checked out of the youth hostel and
we are picking up a rental car we're
going to do a bit more of the road trip
up the coast this is our feast look at
this bad boy
yes sorry about that
take us away Steve back on the road back
up the road we just came up with a name
for our beast we're gonna call in the
coconut Cruiser
look at this guy in the beach suka
dragon
back on the road
guys check this out driving along and
it's a big mango yes big mango yeah he's
a bit more impressive it's getting a
little refreshment having a little
refreshment break
or you meet crops you're right you're
right
with country got a watermelon slice over
here we have stopped off on routes where
we're staying tonight in this very
peculiar town for Townsville and it's
just
like I'm sure it's a nice place maybe
because she seems empty and kind of you
know this looks like a classy joint it's
not
we've been staying around looking for
somewhere to eat and we found this place
ribs and rums
so we're gonna see if we get food I'm
hungry it is so good look at 6:00 dinner
look at this dinner chicken parmesan
that's so good but we had a lovely
dinner and now we're getting back on the
road
you
in the freezer you say goodnight it's
time all right
we have just arrived in Mission Beach
where we're staying tonight and we've
just spotted two hangars on the side of
the road look look there might be
Wallabies actually I think that
Wallabies they're tight they're tiny
little guys it's so cute
we've parked up briefly and to see if we
can sneak up to these Wallabies but
they're probably going to run away
vixx's are joined for the night
apparently yes in the middle of a jungle
what is it in jungle jungle we flew to
go down there
I don't haver it's anyone even up is
this the right place for us to park
oh wait I literally in the middle of the
jungle Jang Jong Kook right we are in
the youth hostel we found this cool
little room we're all sharing it's the
first time we've all had a one room
together got whoa you must chop your
fingers up the fan brace watch out man
got a little bit do not do that bro I've
got my little desk I'm gonna set up my
little desk have a little laptop Club
here and we need to go get something to
eat now because the restaurant down the
road flows is not five minutes all right
all right
let's see let's see what Mission Beach
is saying
that was a lovely evening we had
watching some live music having Pete sir
checking out at the local bar we're now
back in the youth hostel and I forgot to
show you guys something the other night
once we got back from the sailing trip
Jack and Finn have actually uploaded the
fourth episode fourth and final episode
of the ritual run so if you haven't seen
this series guys you need to go over to
their channel and check it all out all
four episodes are absolutely incredible
if you had a lot of time into them and
I'm just it's just mind-blowing to think
what we did I'm actually going to
continue putting out my episodes as well
I've done the first half of the trip and
I've got 10 more episodes I'm going to
be releasing over the next kind of month
probably
but yeah going to show them some love
and I'll link and the the last episodes
in the description we're gonna get some
sleep now and tomorrow within some
driving over to Cannes and then Port
Douglas and you're lots of fun and still
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
