good morning and we are outside the
Google offices we are here today to what
we did today before sorry I've got a
flat face we are here for a charity
youtuber collaboration day and so we've
got new things going on inside some cool
talks and yeah just hang out see what
happens let's go check it out
and you got no name tag - oh my god you
sellout I mean those wanted to that
they're always it is like horribly
abusive
okay so we're sitting in a creative
space here talking with the Save the
Children guys and Steve and I just had
this little idea and they're a little
find the Nomad to give away and so if
you go to either give econ for today the
better channel or who taught us Steve
we'll both be supporting Save the
Children for 48 hours after this vlog is
live and we will select the winner at
random from my stream and from Steve's
stream to win
I find the nomads item of your choice so
go to give you that play right now
wave Miriam Miriam works at Google with
charities and she is awesome not often I
get to say this but today's biggest
mirror or toilet today goes to the you
two boxes tiebreak all read full-length
mirror we're having
in the Google canteen it is unreal we
just finished the YouTube offices and it
was wicked such a cool session that was
really awesome to be there any company
that has banana is it was great to do
the panel session and it's just like
realize how lucky we are
yeah that Louie has helped us to sort of
launch our channels independently and
now I about what I've been working on
with giving for so long trying to get
people to connect with giving and
finally meeting people that can do that
and you know I guess it's same for you
yeah no definitely very very thankful to
Louie for obviously helping us out and
us being having these opportunities to
do things yeah definitely and even today
to be able to put it on the channel we
have eight the children and I'm gonna be
Steven my gosh I know just give it up
for Steve thanks just another little
thing anyone who donates through Dave
and I we're also going to give you a 5
pounds off to find a time and store so
no strings attached you'll get five
pounds off any item in the biomed store
so
so to make sure you donate through Dave
and I but obviously mostly Smitty
