good morning guys I'm in corfu greece
isn't you in saying this amazing beach
house and today I'm working with o2
they're sponsoring this video they have
challenged me to get around the island
today using their free data roaming I
tweeted a few of you guys yesterday and
got some responses or cool locations
picturesque places hidden locations
around the island that me and Raya are
going to go and explore and throughout
the day I'm going to be using my phone
just to kind of navigate maybe this
research maybe see we can rent a bow
things like that and yeah one of the big
things they're trying to promote with
this campaign is that they now have
three data roaming across 47 locations
in Europe including Greece so I'll check
my Twitter now and we're going to head
off I'm really excited this is going to
be this is going to be an epic challenge
oK we've arrived at our first location
of the day we are at the pink pamper
restaurant thanks to Ted for this
suggestion if you okay we've got a
pretty active you apparently okay
hello hello anybody right thank you
so amazing
services arrived at the legendary tomato
salad in Greece and vine-leaves
very good I went for a penny area butter
and receive the spicy penny area method
which is still predicting it I think
it's my favorite activity we had a
delicious lunch enjoyed the views we're
now heading to our next destination
I've got sweet here from Aubrey and
Matthew suggesting to go to a town
called Leo castle trip sir hopefully I
pronounced that correctly it's got an
iconic beach on the west side of the
island so we are going to mission over
there now right we've got a direction I
thought Katie tweet about this the other
day so why don't modern cars have places
your phone to flip it like it's crazy I
mean they're getting their make like of
us peoples now just a little bit nice
little phone dog
okay robots head down to the beach in
Harbor area but before we do we just
spotted this cool photo location this is
nice
lookout turquoise the water today I'm
working with oh - they're sending me and
riot on a challenge to follow your
suggestions of cool places to visit
around Corfu using data roaming so this
is our second spot pretty epic
it's the next suggestion we've hadded
from JT go to Paradise Beach now I've
had a little look and Paradise Beach is
only accessible by the sea so we're
going now to ask if we can rent a boat
or catch a ride and one of the group
boat trips go check out Paradise Beach
this is it if there's a place and we can
also check out some caves and stuff in
the way it's pretty crowded but
apparently it's too late in the day to
do a group trip to Paradise Beach so
we've had to charter our own speed boat
to go and check it out
I bought some bananas and Terry's and
nectarine that's not did you bring water
yes
it because we're moving it seemed to
take a bit try to like fly stay still
oh yeah I'm okay I think we need to stop
for me to take off
word of advice guys don't take off a
drone from a moving boat and expected to
hover which suits because flew towards
me I grabbed it and then ended up
slicing my hand on their propellers I
always wondered whether nabek propellers
could pierce the skin and just if the
cap
Oh
these are super ripe nectarines this one
of the things I love about called the
proven beds real luteal Gary grew up
without cherries
none that we had a glace cherries you
know I'm a little practical problem
they're like luminous red help the
cherries like we got a cherry tree in
our backyard literally me Michael Lewis
climate with their experience on it
Oh
the wrote are the same
like you oh you're the one driving my
car and
like a tiny bit of sunshine pop out very
overcast today and talk to me after a
very sunny week bar I kind of like it
because it's not like swelteringly hot
it's actually like nice temperature so
when the Sun hits the plate just look
way more with it
but you'll always be close
when pushed for me Crockford go and fall
down
everything but you'll always be cool
thank you that was one of the most epic
little boat trips I've ever done and to
like that little big tucked away on the
under the cliffs stunning absolutely
stunning
where to next
thanks again to JT for suggesting
Paradise Beach I also see here in my
tweets that Gayle also gave us that
recommendation so thank you we have now
decided that we are going to head up to
the canal there are more jess has
suggested it's a great place to go I
don't know we're going to go on boats
and snorkel and stuff but we're going to
try and see this somewhere nice there to
enjoy the sun's there maybe get some
food it's 45 minutes away from here so
we better get on the road all right we
have arrived
look at this restaurant literally on the
cliffs overlooking at the sunset
lovely and this is the canal de amor
again maybe that level sit in there
we're going to we're going to wander
over and have a little look we just
managed to nab at the table right in
front of the restaurant
I know literally the Sun is going to be
staying in like less than half an hour
our foods on its way on the little
stroll over here and check out the canal
there and more so cool biking up this
little mound see the Sun
then I said well that is epic okay we
just looked up in history on the canal
down more different Ramsey's of the
Tanners love the dual amount and it said
that according to ancient legends if a
woman from the length of the canal shall
find her reservation man or the Canali
change in the cool waters will be
luckily love or if a couple things in it
and they will be present together
forever
yeah I mean say oh you ruined everything
okay we finished our meal at the end of
the day thanks again - OH - for
sponsoring today I've linked them in the
description below
like I said earlier they provide free
daily roaming the tons of destinations
across Europe something I didn't tell
you earlier is that today's challenge is
a relay and I am now going to be like
calling another influence that he's
going to be exploring Iceland his name's
rough-edged Lee he's going to be
exploring Iceland using o2 data roaming
so yeah let's jump on a call with him
and hand this challenge over hello ruff
can you see me
still good man here with my girlfriend
Riya
hello yeah we've just finished darling
yeah thanks man yeah we just finished an
awesome day in Corfu and we did a lot of
exploring we were taking kind of
suggestions from my viewers of where we
should go yeah we've had some great
locations I gather I'm supposed to be
kind of handing over the the the
challenge the o2 data roaming challenge
view but when you go to Iceland to be
able to kind of do your stuff out there
you're going to be keeping people
updated on Instagram and stuff that's
right yeah I'm going to be water
swimming I'm gonna
the whole challenge I was gonna try it
in the air for and then find my friend
you the photographer what producing no
carbon footprint whatsoever well it's
going to be like running cycling
swimming and daunting life as well it
smells amazing and I can't wait to have
a keep up with you on your Instagram and
then yeah yeah cool thanks man
still they are play by awesome okay well
guys if you want to check out rough as
well link in below and go and check out
his adventure and I will catch you guys
tomorrow for an early morning flight we
are flying back to London peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
