you're watching for doing it's
lunchtime we're gonna go out for some
lunch I've just jumped in the car me and
Ben are going gonna go and get some
lunch and he's got a slackline which
we're gonna have a go on after but we
need to try and get Steve out husks I
think he's been working really hard and
I think it deserves a break trying to
not do bread in the moment and I just
ordered myself a Harley Brenda maybe
today can be my cheat day yeah why are
you eating ice cream Ben aren't you
supposed to be healthy it's my cheat day
so you shut up there's two lorenz ones
Garnett both have got eggs on them
one's got artichokes
and the one without artichokes has no
olives and an egg yeah I got two eggs
all right mate will come will bring the
pizzas soon
we're just skip Steve some pieces got
pizza for Steven Jake couple of pieces
take away Joba sending 29 different
countries 29 different countries
you hear that guys 29 different
countries have ordered they're fine the
Nomad stops
we're international so this is all UK
yeah okay where's America America's in
here yet Wow for real yeah check out
these different countries in Europe yes
I like that Germany's I mean it's not
all you it's all kinda nice
Switzerland Malta Spain Italy Belgium
Norway Denmark Netherlands Luxembourg
Finland Poland France Sweden nothing
if we're going for a little stroll
take Bay for a walk and we're going to
try and find some way to sell the
slackline and have a little go on that
lyrium been trying to work out a
slackline it goes in there and I think
folds back on itself
done
how do you enjoy the first slacklining
experience then I actually really
enjoyed it it's a lot harder than it
looks
but for my first time I think the best
not you again a man you again I know
exactly I'm not doing this I used it a
little bit like these guys are doing
some creative vines check out vine fine
so just pops back to Ben's he's got swag
down and the swag on my brakes oh yeah
and we're gonna go pick up Steven Jake
then we're rolling up to London so check
ins it's SP ni sucks to this SP TV it's
like the last night if they you know
that shop I showed you guys yesterday
they're little pop-up shop they're doing
like a music night tonight we're gonna
hang out with Jamar its roll its food
time
yes
we are here we are in Soho and I think
we've missed everything but we're still
going to go and like hang out with
people we just saw chamalla switch right
past so we missed the whole event that
we're here with tomorrow and how and
James he does all the sbtb fashion stuff
and we're just going to jump a little
bit so you know I was saying in my video
of Seir that I can play a didgeridoo let
me show you on this scaffolding that's
on this building I'll show you I'll show
you
so we just talked to the cafe and we are
just chillin
we are just chillin it's not to see
Jamal and we don't really have a plan
now but we're just gonna have a little
go coffee decaf soy guys don't worry
face select Amaro morning Sylhet ma'am
I'm not gonna see him tomorrow sick
night yeah yeah it's good fun yeah I
just arrived home and my parents got
back today and Darcy they're a little
bit tired earlier so I just kind of left
them to it I think tomorrow I'm gonna
try and spend some time with them have a
bit of a family day today's been fun
today's been fun
I am tired now I'm gonna go ahead in get
some sleep and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
