see maximal or Canada evil you'll be fun
following very chilled morning benders
coming to pick me up and when they are
going out for some food
we're stopped in Putney we're gonna try
fighting to beat I really don't know
we're gonna ice need lots of food in my
mouth right now
we have spider wagon on this I'm gonna
destroy the white members picking katsu
curry
way to go they're better thank you sure
how to pronounce it but it's it's
looking pretty good in that
and what these guys either edimar and I
try to release yeah - now to the train
stations after head up to London for a
meeting so I'm leaving been so that man
three
so I mean coffee garden and I'm a
particle um I have a meeting with this
management agency called link so few
people are with gotta go dom so if some
of you may have met you watch kind of
gym entire or Alfie Zoe Marcus and
Casper
well I'm yeah I'm kind of late and
exhausted from running up the escalators
so I've just had a cool meeting with Tom
Hess btvehicle this pop-up space which I
was gonna go check out and we're gonna
talk about future event where we might
be using my bus and stuff it's going on
over there
tell us a bit about what you're doing
with SB TV well if you're in London this
week come down to 75
Eric streets in Soho basically SB TV
have taken over basically get into
gadget section so you can come and play
Saints Row 4 for anyone else exclusive
it's been this ring kiss out this Friday
which is full you come down up ago at
that
people also spittin bars don't have a go
the stuff downstairs or bring up bring
your own music whatever it is you can
have a go that we're recording them and
like the best ones my favorite ones come
I'll be picking up here as well and
they'll go out on the SP TV channel
which is pretty cool and tonight if
you're here out first thing I'm doing my
live comedy as well so they're present
in all the expert evey areas you've got
like a comedy where music and game to
get you guys also the fashion so over
here we've got like those t-shirts
hoodies and stuff like that for sale
nice you know they were variable on the
website as well SP TV and I was exciting
just trying to some of the guys at SBS
TV about ways we can do some things
together partnership star using my bars
maybe some
stuff we spent the night Matt Saturday
nights
sometimes
three I've been on a lot of public
transport today this just works I'm so
low
I literally arrived into the tube
station got straighten the tree but then
arrived water leave the straightener
trained doctor trained waiting
boom most fluid public transport
experience I've ever had
I'm now collecting my car and heading
balance sorry
I just arrived at Steve's house
check this out these are the phone find
the nomads deliveries that they've
processed today it's filled the whole
office so I'm in Steve's lounge and it's
it's just it's like a bomb site in here
like all the empty boxes and the
packaging stuff steve has been in here
for days that has been helping in today
tour how are you feeling man shattered
we've just been packaging all the whole
weight forever it's been nuts it's been
such a crazy week we've been trying to
obviously get out all the orders as
quickly as we can and stuff so people
can start wearing all their stuff oh man
what a legend what a legend steve is and
just those guys that have been waiting
for a while just thanks for your
patience and stuff this we were
overwhelmed with these orders like this
is the first time with either of us have
done anything like this so it's been
really exciting but yeah it's stuffs
gonna be coming out over the next week
and I think from now on with the orders
and stuff they're going to be going out
a lot quicker so if you still haven't
ordered your t-shirt then you know the
links in the description and yeah we'll
be posting them out as soon as possible
all right good job Steve thanks man
you're a legend hey mate see you
I think we lost should go onto Twitter
and go follow Steve and just thank him
for the hard work is he planning to find
the Nomad stuff all the you know the
reason you have referred videos as well
is because you've been working so hard
and he just told me before I left there
he's gonna be looking to put some videos
out this week because you know what
you've got the orders now it has more
time in his hands
so yeah
me and my friend Matt have coming to
Kingston we're going to go to the cinema
and maybe grab some dinner before that
I'm very hungry you hungry Matt are you
excited about your ribs Matt
we are now gonna go and watch kick-ass 2
and we're a little bit late it started
15 minutes ago that the trailer so
hopefully we haven't missed beginning a
film a film was very enjoyable
I'd recommend it it wasn't as good the
first one plays very good look at these
two just chilling on the phone boxes
weird a nice little catch up when laid
by the river hunting pool Palace for a
little bit and just shout about life and
things and now I'll just drop the map I
think we're gonna get some sleep when I
get back it's been nice gang into a
normal sleep compare I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
