what's up guys my name is band form and
circle and you're watching Clint for
Louie I am now gonna go grab an offer
for your bed and then we're heading up
to London look how awesome is car I want
that car so badly to have enjoy down
those roads that you remember from years
ago and they make sure brings back all
these memories like
satins fine that's what I'm doing right
now driving down a road a year
now with Ben we're at flowers having a
cheeky coffee and we're with his mum he
used to teach me at school how are you
both there
I'm very good sitting in the Sun eating
cake yeah we got you us we got this like
peanut butter thing which I'm very
excited to eat ah that's nice love that
place
I have just popped in to see Steve check
this out guys
and there's Jake this is this is the
latest stock pick up from find the Nomad
stuff there is insane amounts there
which is good dude for those who have
ordered we're actually shipping this all
out tomorrow so next week in the next
week yeah anyone like in the UK you
could get theirs in the next week yeah
look guys it's the best top if you like
that
hi sick I'm so happy I got my two great
pocket tees as well the palm tree in
there and the Sun
so just my way up to London and I put
fast to see handy and we remember me of
the guidance saying Wonderwall in a bar
in LA yeah you see that Navy does it's
been watching my blogs but we are we
just take a little stroll and have a
little catch-up quickly before benefits
now remember this place regenerates the
charity there and these running right
left Andy Benz arrives late as usual
you almost topless as much as I am but
ya know and we are heading up to the
Indian Embassy and I'll tell you why in
a minute
we have my visa my Indian visa really
excited I can tell you guys now and this
whole trip to India is with Jack and
Finn Ben and a couple of other guys will
max and Harry and we are going to be
doing a trip across India in about 2 or
3 weeks and it could be really exciting
so there you go
is that there's a big announcement which
I actually did tell some of you on
Twitter the other day if you follow me
on Twitter I am I'm super excited
yes then how excited are you I'm doing
little reasoning time this is actually
happen look at this guy look at this guy
it turns out shortage is one of the most
expensive places to park in London check
this out four pounds an hour four pounds
an hour go be kidding me
hey look it's Hillary hey I got yourself
happy birthday so we got a passion fruit
smoothie with boba and some jet chicken
salads pretty healthy I think what has
it done it she's been got me a little
lemonade what is this going
that is awesome Sun Periclean or
something ugly and no link it's from
Spain Hillary's off we just had a nice
catch up love you guys if you ever get a
chance to go to the box park it's one of
the best places in London to chill
highly recommend it boom
we are on the south bank and we are
going to chill for a few hours see the
sunset and to get a little coffee bye
we found a little coffee vendor they
said Monmouth coffee coffee parent is
one of the best in London
I never cleanse getting some cinematic
angles for his vlog yes we're going to
get you what what is been doing is crazy
I'd like to think I'm gonna cut the
coffee connoisseur the amount of coffee
I drink and this is incredible coffee
that's one of the best properties I've
ever had first time you have modern
metal bits and I know already that's
very very that's a very top
if I choose my side
I have no idea what's going on but about
50,000 rollerbladers coming past what is
this
this is memo
taking a little wander around the beer
garden to Southbank swell noise check
this out we're about to jump back Ben's
car and head back down to sorry
back home I'm going to jump out and we
got to get my car from Roehampton say
Bentley we're going to go there in the
morning and yeah get that it's been an
awesome day it's been a fantastic day
right there oh what a great day what a
great day it's so exciting to get the
India visa saw it so looking forward to
that trip and yeah just nice hanging out
of bed really I will see you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
