hi my name is Lucy and you're watching
fun bluey enjoy it is a beautiful day in
Sydney and I'm in a great mood
we are walking down to the wharf and
we're gonna go we're on a Thunder Bay I
don't even know what Thunder boat is see
what's the Thunder Bay put a thunder jet
it's like this boat and it's powered by
jets it's super fast ok spinning them
stuff are we gonna get wet yeah I love
the Thunder gas
right was just kidding up ready to get
on the Thunder jet and we have to leave
most of stuff in this locker because
apparently we're gonna lose everything
otherwise how you guys feeling I feel
scared and excited I'm pumped I'm ready
for this Oh
well that was amazing and we all covered
in salt now so salty literally that
salty no we're gonna go in first thing
to eat now we're in the mood for another
kangaroo burger look at this fat man
chicken schnitzel
these guys got spaghetti marinara
but in its a limit that's quite small
portions they don't talk about so we
ducked back to the youth hostel and
we've got our swimming stuff and towels
and things now we're going to get ferry
to manly beach going across the beach
time as we're walking down to the ferry
I thought I should probably fill you
guys in I didn't do a really good job of
explaining what's going on at the moment
so basically Steve a lot of you know
Alexios girlfriend and Jake her brother
and one of the the trio's for the fine
and nomads guys who we finally make like
the clothing stuff you guys know what to
find the name of this and they have come
to visit Australia and come in some
adventures for two and a half weeks and
Steve's gonna be making some videos as
well whilst out here if you guys have
got any school suggestions of like
videos we should do or like topics yeah
tweet him
ding-ding
it's time for a little swim look how
glorious what works well we just had a
lovely relaxing time on the beach and
we're now gonna go and get a coffee you
guys enjoy the sunshine
oh yeah basking in the Sun
well we had a little nap in the hostel
you still feeling jetlag Steve I'm
feeling struggling man yeah but luckily
got my V keep me going oh all right I
had to do a bit as well actually and
we're now all going out to have a look
for a little restaurant so we had a bit
of trouble finding a new route open
again totally baffled by the fact that
most places closed like 9:00 or 9:30 in
Australia we found this place that's
open all night pancakes on the rocks
chicken tandoori pizza where you got
their legs
where you go we get as the chicken
Caesar salad wow what an amazing day is
so good hanging out with Steve Lex and
Jake and gang up to some fun we've got
plenty more fun to come I've just been
winding down the load with this evening
we're back in the youth hostel I'm
actually checking out my sister's latest
video she's she is tried to hand a bit
of blogging and she went to a YouTube
Christmas party which I wasn't able to
go because I was out here in Australia
but I'm being able to relive the
experience by by watching her vlog so
you guys are gonna check that out let
know what you think it's the first time
she's done these kind of follow along
vlogs of her evenings um yeah I'm gonna
I'm gonna get some rest and catch you
guys tomorrow we're going on a cycle
tour of Sydney tomorrow and also we mean
that with Rachel a lot of you have been
missing Rachel today and a lot of you
have been saying nice things to her on
her Twitter but yeah we're going for
recycle tomorrow with her and it's gonna
be fun I think Steve's gonna be making a
video as well I'll catch you then peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure
burning
