and you're watching we are and ready to
go to London look who's just arrived
South Africa yeah I'll see Daisy it's
raining okay so why don't you ever since
I was
ayoung you mean you mean all that but
the rewards you get to my amen whatever
it takes to make you feel right
we've arrived in central London and
we're gonna go meet our friend Charlie
and then go to this embassy to sort out
some stuff for some travel things which
is all a bit top secret at the moment
but I'll let you know about it and I am
super hungry we have not had breakfast
yet and I'm ready to eat we're trying to
find the embassy we're with our friend
Charlie hey Charlie that was a very long
process and we are we're hungry we're
gonna moisten a
got chili con carne and a banana which
broke my banana broke look what Benz is
editing one of his lows
please rendering it almost rendered we
are out of this house and we are all
having laptop club with moments in bed
we get like I'm dying see where's your
laptop my kitty labs apart that's up oh
yeah just go a little coffee we were
trying to go to this nice coffee place
that had Monmouth property which is a
renowned Leaguers coffee bar it was
closed so it's got this cheeky little
guy we are off to have dinner with a
friend it's been a lovely afternoon we
are in Nando's you looking forward to
eat some spots at immunity
not spicy yes
weird hello you looking for teen and
they've been May I love their nose I
love you so much
just you know guys in and around the
mouth
Jack's on the Toya would you get better
yes you know I had a bust my chicken we
would tell when we came in the chickens
gonna say guy you just amazed
we've got it anyway but extra extra hot
text Rona what is that Jack yeah is that
the wrong food
the library
this is a nice nice we are heading out
from the pub we've had a very exciting
evening of discussion about various
projects are going to be doing it's all
about top secret and we're going to head
off now source getting quite late and
summer in the sea starts tomorrow so
we've get some sleep the yellow brick
road
we're parting ways but we're going to be
meeting up first thing in the morning
and driving up to summer in the city
together Steve's just dropped me off I'm
gonna see him in the morning it's like
2:00 a.m. in it I see the sleet well man
Angie
hoots I'm back at my parents I'm gonna
head to sleep and we're heading up first
thing in the morning summer in the city
we've Dulce some friends and everyone
it's gonna be awesome
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
