it's time to head to the airport we were
running a little bit late as usual we're
late for the airport services casually
just washing the windscreen stairs the
phone's dropping the airport and I'm
gonna leave I believe in America have
fun yeah
see you later maybe
 shots
check this out guys when I was out here
like the beginning of the year I went to
check out this this bakery that was like
a rehab kind of project for Gangnam
ex-gang members in LA and they've got a
branch in the airport checking homeboys
homeboy bakery I'm definitely gonna get
some lunch
thank you
this looks like one of the smallest
planes of ever be enough look how small
this place is this is tiny
lady stop them
I travel around the airport I'm now
getting on the plane to Heathrow I don't
know I miss fighting like my nose
doesn't run up Oh hopefully I've got to
see the bear legroom long legs
that's Batman plain it's a bit bigger
than the flight from LA to San Diego
so that's 2h if you'd like to cross over
here and then to the right today is one
of those really weird days where I got
up late for the flight anyway it says
under very late nights and then and then
I'm losing eight hours because it flying
back to England and it's eight hours
ahead
so technically this is already the end
of the day mid-flight because I'm waking
up tomorrow we'll be late
so I thought what I could do is answer
some questions the other Damian stared
at a Q&A which I haven't put up yet but
we only got a chance to answer a couple
of questions so I got a few others I
could answer name one thing I want to do
before I die
there's many things but I think one
thing is love taters space I'd love to
go and I go to the International Space
Station or go on another cool what's
your favorite thing about making YouTube
videos I may have answered this before
but to me definitely meeting people the
whole community of YouTube I think
that's what my life would like to think
a lot my life the bow is just meeting
people relationships making friends was
thinking the other day a lot like vlogs
are just me going out for food or doing
kind of random things but that is a
brilliant way to connect with people
with you guys often don't see behind the
scenes the conversations the depth of
friendship so I think that's definitely
the thing I enjoy the most about making
YouTube videos I mean there's 100 small
question this way sure I could answer a
future date but I'm gonna end that there
and probably try and get some sleep
because I think you Kate right now is
like 7 a.m. when the next few days is
going to be really cool the end of the
week is summer the city like I mentioned
has to be really exciting lots of people
to me and lots of things going on
yeah that's the UK I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live adventure
