hi I'm mrs. and this is fun movie we're
gonna do some lunch at Denny's
we're gonna go pick up the girls
just picking everyone up look at Jess's
scar from the other day that is insane
that is too many pancakes look how many
pancakes there's too many I think we're
now going to go and get bubble tea with
you there's planes flying in formation I
don't know what those are
they're flying flying shop eat
look we gotta get out of here what fight
this ladies you go
I'm feeling incredibly drowsy today I've
got a copyright owner in a helmet just
worn out we're gonna go back to Sears
and relax a bit
I am really excited guys we're gonna
watch the new episode of Breaking Bad we
are about to go up a big hill and watch
the Sun set is that really saying that
that is beautiful we raced up this hill
but we've already actually missed the
actual sunset but I think we'll get a
glimpse of something quite amazing see
we should go for a hike one day and
actually you're going to camp out and
like sleep
just your champ time in the hill with
your bad ankle
that Hill was far too steep to go
properly down it I was like breaking the
whole way down on my scooter one day one
day I'm gonna learn longboard properly
and so I can actually bomb Hills like
that I think the whole kind of VidCon
and hanging with everyone at the house
and stuff brought a lot of views to my
videos and stuff like that and it was it
was cool
like it's obviously gonna make things
more popular if I'm hanging out with
other youtubers but also this is this is
a channel where I just want to be able
to show you guys my day to day life
and it's not always gonna be fascinating
loads of fun I mean quite a lot of the
day's are but I think I also want the
freedom just to be able to relax and not
feel a pressure to like the don't do
stuff you know
so hopefully you guys understand that
and also some of you may noticed I have
started changing the titles with my
videos and their thumbnails because I
think the way they were with the kind of
the day number that I've been vlogging
and my name and stuff I think that was
kind of more catered towards loyal
viewers and it's not as appealing for
someone that hasn't watched any of my
videos before and just joining kind of
halfway through the year and they might
be like oh I've missed like 200 vlogs
now there's no point starting now so a
few people have said to me they didn't
want to watch my videos because it was
so far into like my vlogging numbers so
I thought I'm gonna retitle them and
just have kind of catchy titles and you
know a lot of other daily vloggers like
the Shaytards Daily Grace prank vs.
prank all that lot they they do kind of
just kind of catchy titles and so I'm
going to do that for sexy shorts like a
little first day though as well
are you gonna go in the hot Sun with
your foot I am we wrapped it up in
plastic and then this cloth thing like
so it won't get wet I don't know that's
gonna work
John's decided to jump in the pool even
though it's freezing cold yeah you enjoy
that I'm getting back in the hot tub how
you enjoying the hotel Bryan Bryan's
crazy he's been living with fear for a
month and it hasn't been in the hot tub
yet I'd be in here like every night
Jessa how's your how's your foot doing
it's good it's not wet it's not no you
should I'm pretty sure I feel like we
can do a test
appearances okay I'm hoping as and got
wet for your stitches how bad is it if
stitches get wet oh that is bad it's a
wrinkly and self-administered dry
we're back this is and we're ordering
some food group and hungry so we just
found a Chinese restaurant which order
some cool stuff don't injure yourself
are you blogging right now
yeah see it's just ripping rip and find
the nomads on his guitar oh yeah that's
a good location for that pickup so the
the food ordering didn't really work out
so we're just going to drive somewhere
and try and find things to eat guys the
weirdest things happened I I can't
really describe this but my visions gone
really weird if I feel like I'm half
blind and like everything's like
slow-motion and it's like I'm watching a
3d film without the glasses on sort of
like blurry and strobing I don't really
know what's happening I remember having
a migraine in this happened once but I
feel really weird and that this isn't
helping this is not helping and someone
drugged me guys guys there's someone
drugs me
these drinks are too big potato wedges
with cheese and bacon some kind of bad
boy burger and Adventure Time yeah I'm
gonna try and get some sleep because I
feel quite drowsy
my visions back as well like it was
weird earlier
you're right peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
