hey what are we watching fun today is
New Year's Eve and we are heading to a
beach house up the coast for New Year's
Eve party tonight and we're picking up
our friend Tam we have stopped off at
Rachel's parents house to grab some
sleeping bags this is the house and
we're partying tonight house party on
the beach check out this location hello
what are you looking for - 2040 ah he's
just he's buzzing Joe Joe Happy New Year
hey James McCloud Happy New Year's
you're on YouTube that smell you met
know when to back is back hey back Happy
New Year
hey Tommy hey Tommy look yep what's your
blood cold okay
sound doctrine what do you plug about
music economy's it's tragic
Australian me straight straight straight
amazing that's so cool
this is an awesome night and hello a lot
of these people I've only met tonight is
so good hanging out with such a fun
group of friends and it's such a great
way to Eddie's 2013 we're literally half
an hour away from midnight and I have to
say you guys this has been the best year
of my life I'm gonna carry on pine for a
bit and then maybe you reflect about
things things I want to do this year
2014 here we come
we are like a minute away from midnight
and we're doing sparkless rachel blow my
sparkler please oh no I didn't like
midnight on the 1st of January 2014
Happy New Year Rachel so tonight it's
Sydney there was some amazing fireworks
which we didn't see that they're
fireworks and I've seen lots of
fireworks before I know they're amazing
but it was nice hanging out people but
we're just driving back through Sydney
now and there's people everywhere and
apparently once you've seen the
fireworks anywhere near the centre of
Sydney it takes hours to get back or to
get home or ever gonna call these people
lots of people well we're back and
that's the end of my New Year's Eve and
it's been a great night really good
night and I'm looking forward to this
next year and me and Rachel decides
we're gonna jot down some New Year's
resolutions or goals or things we want
to do in 2014
tomorrow and I'll share that with you
guys then and one last thing before I
sign out for my last vlog of this year
we me and Steve and Jake have launched
to find the nomads last minute 50% sale
on all the current stock we've got say
this is the this is the stock these have
unfortunately already sold out because I
told everyone on Twitter earlier there's
a bunch of these watermelon half price
and only yeah 1250 there's a bunch of
these and they're selling out like crazy
so I don't need guys to miss out right
it's been the last vlog of 2013 and
tomorrow will be the first day of 2014
what yeah and thank you guys for
journeying with me this year it's been
if you guys have made this year amazing
for me being able to share my life with
you peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
