hey my name is JP I'm from Chicago and
you're watching phone for Louie enjoy
tonight we are on our way to the Blue
Mountains which is like an hour
tell us about a big balance Rachel
we've stopped for a little snack low
energy and switching driving time for
some V energy drink love this I think
this is my favorite need to drink
Allen asked me introduce me to see and
Allen maybe watching you missing out man
Australia is the place for me Rachel's
led me down this very devious track and
look ahead I don't know you can see this
but this road gets pretty crazy and this
isn't the ideal car for this but we're
gonna try out what's the worse that
could happen we might punter a tire but
let's give this a go
we just went plus a sign saying
four-wheel-drive recommended this is
definitely there's the end of the right
in the middle of nowhere right let's
zoom out where are we we're in the green
wait' oh my gosh let's keep going I
don't know it's fun have we arrived my
friend says we were here we are we're
more isn't it we are gonna get killed I
feel like we're about to like arrive in
like a hillbilly farm in the middle of
nowhere and then it's gonna look at us
like who are you I think I know what you
taste like Rachel wants us to turn
around because we're lost but I'm saying
this is the adventure this is the
adventure we're just driving we have no
idea we're not even on the map anymore
this isn't a road that exists according
to Google do you know what yeah this
this thing that's happening right now
this emphasizes that is the journeys
more important than their space we don't
even know where we're going
alright doing I haven't perfected my
quad
we are still nowhere growing very
exactly where evidently a roadside look
a right sign walkers and cyclists Oh
neither roads ended right guys that's
the nearest road we are here we are in
the blue labyrinth and we are miles from
any road we are well and truly in a bit
of a race camera assistant is the
greatest thing that's ever happened to
me
Nicole taught me everything I know about
how to make me do my thing
okay we're we're back in civilization
now and working we're having the correct
direction even though that was a lot of
us I think we're about to see a
spectacular Jews
Wow guys look at this car down in the
valley oh that's bad I hope no one died
that was beautiful
we're now stopping for some feet because
it's kind of that time speed where we
eating food well we're in Lyra and we're
hopefully gonna find somewhere that's
open but the place I want to go is
closed and it is 6:00 p.m. that's 6:00
p.m.
we've just arrived at another lookout
point and this is amazing this little
walkway and a little fence and
looking out over the wilderness there's
maybe you realize I definitely wanna do
this living out on the bush thing and I
want to look into mobile styler power
say I can charge my camera and they've
my phone playing my computer off while
some like hiking around I think I wanna
go away for like a week I walk somewhere
distant I like drink river water and
bring SS Survival Guide and stuff so
you've got any cool ideas of places in
Australia I can go for like a long walk
let me know we've gone for a late-night
stroll and we're having a picnic a
late-night picnic just because breaks
loose housemates asleep because she's
got work early and we want it to chat
and stuff and this is fun this is
different and there's sausages we got
rolling yogurt it's nice yeah that it's
tasty so I haven't told you guys yet but
today is my sister Darcy's birthday and
I've been trying to think of something
meaningful and cool I can do to say
happy birthday to her so we've just been
out practicing it's like I'm basically
writing light writing I don't even know
it it's like long exposure shots where
you write letters with a light and
turns out my handwriting is terrible
that Rachel's helped out and she's got
amazing Henry so we've done a nice
little photo which you can see on wet
Instagram
I've got home and I have posted the
final picture on Instagram and Darcy
seen it and she just favorited a tweet
and lights when it's got a photo and
I'll probably Skype her tomorrow or
something or maybe maybe now I don't
know it's late but that's nice
and you guys should all go and tweet my
sister happy birthday it's the 30th
which is still the 30th in England by
the time this vlog goes up but I'm in
tomorrow yeah and if you don't know she
also like the rest of my family has a
YouTube channel which he's posted some
fun videos on so she should go and check
that out and wish her a happy birthday
why I'll catch you guys tomorrow
New Year's Eve this is exciting the last
day of 2013 crazy
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
