good morning guys the day of Mike's
wedding we're getting ready has rained a
little bit this morning but hopefully
not gonna rain this afternoon when we do
the ceremony
it's going to be outside and I thought
my linen shirt on find it and now I'm
just killing this rosin finish a head
fly pocket Mike you ready to get married
oh yeah yeah let's do this so much as
well but it's that sort of doesn't lose
power
well is that it did I get to look at it
yeah I think you put a little kill on it
that way yeah all right
yeah drink up Mike is time for an
adventure I like it yeah
can the cheesy photo yeah yes Mike you
got it by the way off as well yeah
okay the Sun is out we're moments from
beginning
oh yes Mike I'm excited for you
hear me now I'm so proud if you want it
then I don't therefore proclaim that you
are husband and wife
I just felt a lot guys
obviously I'm going to show a few little
snippets in the vlog but we I filmed for
Mike and L to take away like a tool
video and Wow I've been shooting a mist
camera as well an hour and 20 minutes on
this guy and then all very hot and then
we've got two audio recording up here
which I really hope recorded and didn't
overheat penalize the whole guy you are
not darling it's so high my you can't
distance
it's cracking here cocaine sorry I'm
being Buffy do you like that that's
great that's great right make a
horseshoe you're doing really well
everybody in the Sun not in the show
right you are how's that looking guys
how delicious never-ending night we play
is it is a very rowdy game going on but
if you miss the ball and you have to get
out of one hand and then you do miss it
again with catching with one hand just
to go down to one knee and then to knees
and then may be out of that for
literally everyone at play
it's mine mine mine the dinner bell has
rung we are going to sit down our place
so nobody saw yesterday's vlog but
there's a massive hog roast like a
massive pig has been cooked overnight
obviously I'm not going to be eating any
of that hopefully there's more than just
Alistair need to eat for say Karen oh
wow alright let's come today guys look
how cool this is
perhaps they've even got label done
Louis and Riya and we've got a little
little notepad this may be right we're
going to go and investigate see what
there is to eat thinking it may be
potatoes we might get potato well guys
I'm pretty happy I can't reveal
I managed to get good photos the light
is lovely right now and yeah we just got
some really nice shots of Micra now on
my 85 one point for this prime lens is
really nice this is like the perfect
lens for portrait photography wedding
photography I'm not really a
photographer that's not my name focus
that it's nice when you get a good photo
and it's nice when you get get it for
somebody else's birthday I know that
because I'm going to give this to my
canal and they're going to be looking
for back of these photos for years to
come
yeah it's good I would not want to be a
wedding photographer life too like way
too much stress because these moments
are like so special and you cannot mess
up and I messed up quite often this is
the shot guys this is the shot yes how
many how many cameras can we get in
there lazy James make your way over take
the seeds again grab a drink and we'll
start speeches ooh
amazing to look out and see all the
different relationships that have shaped
our paths and that's each and every one
of you you will play the part and I'll
separate and our collective journeys so
a cheers to you give the person makes
you don't pat on the back for that favor
yeah so my best man and Usher's cheers
guys
thank you for an epic stag do also 30 or
so lads kayaking on a five-mile dinghy
while dinging five mile adventure
mudslides flare guns javelins and a
night in the woods Dave would call him
if you wanna be involved made for some
great memories
I first met Mike at play group who
didn't really strike up much for
friendship but it was interesting that
Jenny mentioned the poet because that is
the only thing I could remember from
that age but luckily luckily journey and
Alan organized the Mike to make friends
with Louie and in Dave barbecue have a
large head some carbon photo later
services yeah I just really want to do
kind of a last toast over thank you but
also just like a toast to the richness
of life is having you all here and
you're all present so I want to post
thank you to all of you that just form
all screaming - sir richness of life oh
do I go get it we have a receipt sweet
nice an ounce of cheese over there not
I'm not causing lovely cheese and lovely
crackers and lovely grape and we are
going to cut a cheese cake rather than a
normal paper
never
my official duties are pretty much over
I might take a few more photos video
clips for their wedding video tonight
what the party it's been oh my god such
a fun day
I think the mr. Leo this is my favorite
wedding obviously no offense my other
friends but this is for my boys outside
just like beautiful location
yeah just like before your article we
can see all headed by these little
magical might have a magical time we're
gonna start with a mic and else first
get it out this is fun having a
dog slow out boy whoa ah yeah
don't you so every single wedding that
happened Dave somehow manages to rip it
trousers and wit kind of a running joke
that it hasn't been a really good
annoying let's say Rick with trousers
and dave has just told me they show us
the proof he's ripped the crotch and his
trousers whoa I'm happy for you bro
first it's a sign of a goodbye
well I'm happy for Mike but I thought I
was going to get away with it because
these are double elasticated yeah now
you didn't handle the drawings they
could have handled a lunch they can
handle the music they can handle the
good time that's a sign of a good
wedding I've been entrusted with the job
to take Mike and L to the hotel so
they're just getting a send-off now bye
everyone
yeah
how it doesn't incredibly unplanned
Larina well it's been a fantastic day
and it was an honor to be able to give
the Mike and Nell the lift to their
hotel but something pretty bad has
happened and I'm trying not to panic
about it but on the what I mean it's a
bit of a long story but basically we got
kind of lost on the way because the
directions were given weren't very good
and whilst we were lost
I almost hit a head jog and ended up
getting out the car to take the head
took out the road but it was too spiky
so I took my shirt off to gather up the
Hedgehog and put him in this on the side
of the road but why it's forgotten was
that in my shirt pocket was an SD card
with the entire ceremony of the wedding
I filmed on that SD God and on the drive
back I went to fill the pocket and the
SD card was gone so somewhere on our
journey our bought by the way a 15
minute drive took us an hour because we
were so lost so somewhere on that road
and I'm going to see how I can try and
back trace where we drove but is an SD
card
maybe the Hedgehog's looking after it
for me maybe I'll never find it but I
don't know how long it's going to take
I'm going to drive off now but I guess
you'll have to wait till tomorrow to
find out whether I did find the SD card
otherwise I'm going to be breaking some
bad news to Mike and ELLs about their
ceremony and that would really suck
anyway and I will catch you guys in the
morning and I'll let you know if I found
it peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
boom
