hey guys I'm ed and you're watching from
fluid
so we arrived at from the beach
hello unless there's like a big grass
area chillin
the SEM self camp
Rachel's just chillin doing some reading
I'm gonna go get some drinks this is
difficult day for the organic fruit
ginger beer or the ginger ale this is
clever this is a clever way to do so is
your coffee subtly refreshing change to
be sitting on the grass I do like salmon
but it doesn't seem to get everywhere
including like in my phone in this
camera and last night I was brushing my
teeth I don't know how but those sand in
my toothbrush
and I was like cheering Grif like an
hour so I'm a big fan of course
so guys I've got something to admit to
you I am addicted to ginger baby that
remember from the last week we were
trying to find some books for me to read
there's a bit of time chilling over the
Christmas holiday
and one of the main books that were
suggested was this book Fault in Our
Stars by John Green so I've got it on a
Kindle the Rachel Kiley got the
Christmas
chapter so I'm actually getting into
this book I've managed to get to chapter
four and I'm starting to get to know the
characters
so we've just come to the supermarket
again and we're going to be doing a
home-cooked meal again this is good guys
check this out
happy honor
what's the way that's depending machine
usage
but we're going to choose the potatoes
in the match
rachel says she's tied look for
diplomatic you say her enemies and she's
got the perfect recipe so she's got a
live up to her play
so I found some good sausages pork
Australian pork with Apple so not only
are we having sausage a match the right
tools let's make eyes look how pretty
the sky is you can't really see but it's
really pretty so let's get cooking
potatoes in the pan the sausage is ready
and we can do make the apple crumble now
so what's this bit this is and I'm
making it up in there okay we're gonna
put some butter in it
you are so mister sorry two cups leaks
this looks delicious
so I was like crowding the drawing tray
and had a bowl here it slipped off fell
onto the floor and shattered into a
million pieces a million literally a
million yes apple crumble right yeah
well we finished dinner and we watched
the last episode of season three of
homeland I did all three seasons in like
a couple of weeks and it was intense
we're now going to go out to some jazz
hip-hop night and then that was amazing
best mashed potato ever and that apple
crumble is incredible as well good job
hi
the
it's submission not a competition
so can you list how many brothers on the
same goldfish and put the same thing
don't ever stick by these politicians
trying to tell me live diet listen you
know about me
that was an incredible night
one of my best nights in Australia so
far so good well I definitely want to do
that again and I've heard that they've
got some event on like a jazz jam thing
on New Year's which is very very
tempting I might do that for New Year's
cool um I'll see you sy peace out enjoy
life live debentures
