today we're going on a family trip to
the beach how are you feeling this
morning Zoey
like itself it's putting the nomads
these girls followed us for like photos
got nowhere hamburger fries it's gonna
be a good day you are you happy today
Troy very happy today the Sun is out
it's like medieval times about you Louie
you happy
we are stuck in traffic
yeah traffic you'll have to wait for it
to like no let's do stuck in traffic
with friends there to be stuck in
traffic when you're right
we're now going to hang out the
Shaytards for dinner and it's gonna be
real exciting haven't really hung out
with them before
we have just stopped off and collected
Tonya Jim and Joey their driving we're
driving in convoy and we might be late
for dinner so we've arrived and it's not
we've just got to this really cool
restaurant and it's I don't know what
it's called Oh see you know and there's
all these here's it's pretty nice five
hours there's a few random things you've
arrived from the table and staffers one
being calamari this is awesome this is
awesome
and apparently I've heard rumors that
we're gonna be singing a minute it's
like some
some song she yep
memorize good
so I've got this chicken alfredo
fettuccini was it good
this was Shay's advice was to get this
meal so the trust oh yeah okay I'll try
Shay paid for the whole meal so thank
you so much for an amazing family so
generous we're now going to get some ice
cream
I'm so excited are you guys excited
about ice cream nice not like I screwed
oh but you're not getting it I have no
idea what flavors get will play with do
you guys like what play been going out
ready to scoops here they do full-on
spoon so I don't know yeah I've had a
look maybe three point colors
James got well nice ice cream pasta
shape well that's where thy scream
I chose chocolate ice cream I'm a bit of
a Shopaholic
we are the party now ice cream and great
company today we're now heading home of
an amazing evening out did everyone have
a good time yeah yeah yeah I think the
best night that we've had tonight was
he's so inspiring actually meeting all
the Shea family it's amazing
guys look at this the police helicopter
with a beam like circling this area like
as if there's been like something
happened I don't know what they're
looking at they searched him something
I'm so intrigued and back at the house
and I've been chilling all night and
we've been up two loads of stuff and now
me and Joe or hanging with Nadine and
Lily and Joey is so it's nearing the end
of the night I only get six sleep I'm
gonna be helping Marcus film a video
tomorrow or Venice Beach and then we're
just gonna come back to the house and
chill I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure babe
