today I decided to take a little stroll
it's actually really nice walking and
skating around places because you get to
see them a lot more than if you're just
driving around so I'm having a little
explore it's a really warm day it's
overcast but like muggy and humid
I love finding little hidden gem that we
have both had very relaxing afternoons
and we're now heading out for some
Lebanese food I'm quite excited about
that we had a delicious meal and now
we're going to the cinema I don't know
what film we watching there what the
film will be option banking bad too
I love backing up it's gonna be awesome
those of you that actually drive will
know how exciting it is when you find a
car that has these lights so you don't
have to drive around trying to find a
space you just see the little green
light and then it's red when it's taken
genius I think all car park should have
this
I love intuitive design that was so
funny I was laughing the whole bill so
much fun we've stopped up with some
treats in the way home I think it's
thought it's done
Ben & Jerry's
I'm gonna go with guys what's your
favorite Ben and Jerry's flavors there's
so many flavors
let me go with chocolate fudge brownie I
like to keep it simple
what's your best flavor your Ben and
Jerry's flavor
I like fish yeah
and this it doesn't have fish in it okay
yes yeah yeah there we can know we can
get by there's potato in this ice cream
tater chip clusters what no that's not
good I think it might be great I think
that's a bad idea Ben and Jerry's and
another movie this is a good night love
this time here
I've seen it sweet that kind of sums out
christmas is a time for eating sitting
watching films and sleeping and that's
pretty much what I've been doing today
and um I'm getting into this Australian
Christmas TV but I'm still figuring it
out I am kind of missing kind of England
and I guess the Christmas feel and I'm
missing my family a little bit even
though he had a family Christmas before
I came out but I'm looking I'm looking
forward to the next couple of days and
yeah just learning a bit more about
Australian Christmas and I'm interested
a lot you guys live all around the world
what are your traditions or how do you
personally celebrate Christmas if you do
I'm kind of keen tonight yes it's never
really dawned on me before that people
do things completely differently
like apparently I'm gonna be eating fish
on Christmas Day not Turkey um but yeah
it's uh it's gonna be fun and something
I need to tell you guys I haven't
released any more daily India vlogs
because Jack and Finn are having a
little break over Christmas and they're
gonna be releasing the main episodes in
the new year and I don't want to rush
ahead with my vlogs and kind of ruin it
all for everyone okay
where we're releasing them at the same
time so you'll have to hold tight but
yeah it's uh it's gonna be a cool
Christmas time and I hope all you guys
they're having a nice break another
thing if any of you live in Sydney what
should I do for New Year's because I
haven't really figured out a New Year's
plan yet I kind of want to see the
fireworks but I don't get caught up in
mass crowds of people so if you've got
any party ideas let me know all right
see to my peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
