hey guys my name is pan I'm a German
youtuber and I hope you enjoy font for
Louie I've managed to get up a little
earlier than usual today and we've come
out for some breakfast and coffee look
how big this is
that's crazy breakfast time and cherries
oh this is amazing
mini croque madame and some prosciutto
with corn and leg use there we go this
is a banquet well that was an incredible
breakfast we've now come down to another
beach
sunshine
another awesome time at the beach I'm
now catching a train into the center of
Sydney and I've done some research into
a jazz night
so I'm gonna try and find some some jazz
music to go listen to managed to find
their venue
now after Jesus was born in Bethlehem of
Judea in the days of Herod the King
Christmas service out in the middle I
think we need a Botanical Gardens this
is actually the first time I've had a
proper wander around Sydney without kind
of kind of being on a mission somewhere
and I've just stumbled across barriers
to hang out when I was living homeless
here for those of you that have watched
my draw my life video you know that I
was in Australia for three weeks with no
money and I was living on the street and
this is just bringing like memories are
just flooding back I just found this
little road with some ATMs in which we
used to sit in the evenings and I used
to charge my laptop in the pocket up
over here and I remember getting thrown
out by security they've got no security
cameras and they saw me just chilling in
here for hours
yeah this is like I don't even know how
many years ago like six six years ago
maybe right walk to the edge of the
Botanical Gardens because I want to find
this bush that I lived in for a week and
I think I found that I think
I think this is where I lived I had a
cobbler books and everything
yeah like this is what I lived it's
crazy to think
like six years ago I slept in this bush
for a week like it's kind of hard to get
my head around that
and then to think like the journey I've
been on over the next over this last six
years and what I've been doing and
everything it's kind of man guys rachel
has picked me up and we're going back
home for some food stuff but look he
were just parked behind Santa Claus on a
tricycle
so we've got back and we're gonna watch
some Christmas movies and laugh it off
again cause I was gonna eat some of my
gingerbread man but I lost his arm again
and we've been having laptop trouble
yeah it's got a hair on it
that was a lovely evening
watching movies and eating gingerbread
men and off to sleep now and I can't do
it tomorrow
peace out enjoy life I left the event
