good morning guys
go back to Cape Town I've just headed
over to Nick's house where we're gonna
crack on with some editing for the
documentary hey buddy hey all right
back in the studio I think since I lost
came in here on the vlog Nick set up a
TV so he can preview stuff as reddit II
and I won't show you the detail on this
but this is the whole kind of storyboard
which he's been going free we're just
watching through some rushes now we just
sat through like an hour cuts of the
interviews I'm so pumped guys this is so
cool to see things coming together next
doing an amazing job and for a few hours
today I'm gonna be sitting here with a
duplicate of the hard drive he's using
here and we're based going to be kind of
cutting different parts of the scene
sending each other over kind of project
files and yeah hopefully I'll I can help
with the process because it's all stored
up here this is what I was telling him
it's like I've got this a very strong
catalog of everything that happened and
I'm just trying to like break it down
and and a lot of the moments we there's
so much we didn't include in the vlog so
I'm trying to get those bits ready and
then I can send them over say cracking
on whoa it's weird I know it's like it
deadens it
right tell me that peeking but I think
we might be right
how's it sounding sounds available yeah
salsa and then we're looking up to you
yeah let me try and come down there ya
go
I try not to talk louder than this and
this is on on right yeah cool so what
should I start again yeah um just a
little test cameras and we testing
different mics to see which works best
for kind of post interviews we're
testing doing kind of some studio
voiceover kind of stuff alone narration
I dropped this lower yeah got the pop
shield on I'm gonna try and get really
intimate like talking really leave my
mind really open my eyes that people
around the world live so differently
have such a different culture but it
kind of made me fall in love with the
differences the you know and made me
want to continue and this is the coke
Whataburger the wrong way and yeah those
sometimes we're okay we're done for the
day
just leaving Manor Berg coming in my
tuba hey hey okay next on the agenda
today guys is I'm picking up a rental
car and this isn't any old rental car
I've come to a company called wiggle car
hire and they kind of hire out like
high-end luxury cars so yeah kindly
there they let me take one of their cars
out and we're gonna have some fun check
this out Jeep got like a drop-top Jeep
over there and Mustang
yeah they've got some pretty amazing
cars I'll link them below you can check
out the full the full list of cars they
have I'm not sure which car I'm getting
today but hopefully a good one
it's a Jeep yeah Jeep Wrangler is now
yeah
just learning how to do the drop top oh
I like convertibles okay yeah nice I've
arrived at the live the adventure
offices if you don't know I have an
office down in Cape Town you want to
know more about that I'll link a blog
about my office anyway really exciting
these guys check this out you never live
the adventure van for the week the
reason we have a van for the week at nc2
van is because and I can't believe I'm
leaving at this late to announce this
but we are hosting an incredible
adventure trip in Cape Town and we're
also heading north to like a game
reserve where we're going to do some
Safari stuff anyway we're inviting a
bunch of amazing creators down for I
think ten days or something and yeah
this is all starting tomorrow is when
people are gonna be arriving we've got
some time in Cape Town with this
incredible like apartment in Clifton and
we're gonna be doing a bunch of
activities ungry back to daily vlogging
for the next 10 days it's gonna be
absolutely insane and if you tuned in
for tomorrow's vlog you'll see the
people that are coming but it's like
some of the coolest biggest travel
influences in the world
anyway I'm super I'm super pumped but it
has been a really really busy couple of
weeks prepping for it and getting things
ready and today is also an extremely
busy day so I'm gonna run up meet the
rest the team chat with Raya we've got a
bunch of things still to do
I think we're getting some t-shirts
printed and maybe
yeah I need to print off some things and
do all the final plans anyway yeah
can't believe I'm only just announcing
this exciting though isn't it office
stuff saw it I'm going to actually give
it head to the shops now and buy a few
outfits for the next week or so I'm
running low on clothes and all do you
like my new shoes by the way I picked
these up from the UK on my way back from
Barcelona
anyway I need a few kind of safari
suitable clothes and I don't know I need
a few things I'm gonna go me right now
and then we're taking this bad boy back
look how nice the light looks right now
all right here we are
but the problem is look yeah okay guys
they've got some clothes also had to get
some of these international plug
adapters for Cape Town because if you
haven't seen Cape Town plugs are crazy
like they're even more crazy than
English plugs but look at that they are
ginormous anyway today today it's fine
he may be vegetable guys
you might remember Brin from some of the
other vlogs Brin is helping us film some
of this a trip that I'm just telling you
about today is literally I would now
Singh it today it's like happening
tomorrow it's big as you can see live
the adventure van Cape Town and then
this is our Jeep which repeats of
earlier from wiggle thanks again to
wiggle all right see you tomorrow bye
right we just headed over to Nick and
Angie's we've ordered some takeout food
hey ang I don't think I've said hello to
engine the vlog since he got to Cape
Town
we're having some laptop Club because
you know big trip tomorrow way now and
everything that's amazing that's serious
whether the their way up I think so yeah
you put me with the poor of a kid oh
yeah for my birthday I was in the it was
in the book
we're just hoping them just hoping the
baby didn't wake up guys if you didn't
know Nichkhun and you've had a baby we
can meet him another day
okay we're back home is 2 a.m. we've
been working all night at Ang's thanks
for staying up so late in helping us
Ange and Bridget and Amanda and the
whole LTA team just to get this trip
sorted there's so many things you don't
think about and which one I like
relaunch the whole live the adventure
website tomorrow we're trying to just
liaised with people who are still kind
of flying in and over the next couple of
days
it is crazy guys and yeah I just I think
I've slightly underestimated how much
work it is to put on an influencer trip
and like I'm saying earlier yeah 10 big
influences I'm gonna show you a little
bit of the kind of packs that we sent
out to people and then I'll tell you
who's actually coming tomorrow and then
yeah you can just get a bit of a vibe of
what sir what we're trying to do so
here's this pack I sent out last month
so they live the adventure for good trip
and I'm gonna read a bit of this to you
now just to let you know a bit of the
vision behind what I want to be doing so
live the adventure is not only a great
attitude towards life but a growing
community of passionate creators in
addition to inspiring others to travel
and explore the vision of live the
adventure is to create a support system
for influences to pursue their dreams
and to be a force for social change this
is very important space being at the
heart of a sometimes toxic industry
which can be hard to navigate through
this community has become a safe space
to share and courage and dream together
about how we can impact the world in
incredible ways we have hosted trips
with creators through you through the
United States and Europe and held
international events this March right
now we are planning our most exciting
trip yet 10 of the world's biggest
influencers are joining us on an
incredible journey for Africa we search
for as we search for adventure discover
amazing social good projects and discuss
ways to support each other's future
goals and to make the world a bit better
place together
so there you go that's kind of my dream
for these trips that we're doing as you
know we've held a couple of summits and
we've done a few trips in the past kind
of after VidCon a couple years we did
some cool road trips through California
then we did this Sylvania trip and Italy
and stuff at the beginning of last year
but for me I want to just scale
everything do bigger things connect with
new people so some of the influences
coming over the next couple of days as
we start this this whole trip
I haven't actually met before but I've
been talking online and that's the great
thing about having this big online
community as well we're kind of
connecting with people all around the
world
and through YouTube or Instagram or
whatever social networks anyway so I'm
super excited and I'm about to show you
guys now who who's coming so on this
trip we have me riah Sam colder if you
don't know Sam colder get to know him
incredible cinematographer make some of
the most visually stunning stuff on
YouTube Helen Owen Aggie these are some
of Rhys friend she's made this year tour
instagram nash grier absolute legend
we've never met but we've talked a lot
online his girlfriend Taylor Chelsea Zac
and Michael I think actually yeah I
think we've got couples here are
basically we've got a bit of a couples
trip going on so yeah we're gonna be
meeting with most of the people tomorrow
there has been some delays with the
snowstorm in Europe so a few people have
been stranded and a few last-minute
flights booked but yeah tomorrow is the
beginning of this epic trip guys and I
cannot wait to have a whole series on
the channel it's been a bit of a slow
start to the year as you know with my
vlogs it's been a bit of random it's
been a bit kind of you know Chris
chilling but as of tomorrow buckling in
it's gonna be a crazy crazy time and
also everyone else is gonna be making
awesome content as well I'm gonna link
everyone's stuff below so you can check
them out
know them and yeah I yeah I would love
to know what you think guys about this
idea of doing these influencer trips and
putting a deeper meaning into it all
obviously we're doing it with we're
having incredible experiences doing this
beautiful trip bol so this is deeper
meaning and purpose to it all as well so
let me know what you think below guys
and also let me know what you think we
could be doing as they live the
adventure team beyond these trips the
summit's I've been doing and if you
don't know we're also managing other
influences as the agency in in this kind
of online space but I want to be doing
so much more and we've got a great team
down here in Cape Town and yeah I'm just
very excited and it's been so good
bonding being down here in Cape Town
over the last kind of six weeks - yeah
just to kind of really work on that and
yeah I just want you to guys to know
there's a lot of exciting things
happening and this is the most exciting
thing right now anyway I better get some
sleep it's gonna be a lot of early
mornings a lot of late night vlog edits
so I will catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
