good morning guys well it's actually
afternoon I'm a little bit jet-lagged
slept in but yeah we're here this is the
weather is come through apparent it's
been raining the last few days
yeah and with the boys how you guys
doing first one today
yeah yeah we're doing a little shop run
oh oh good day I'm great man yeah I've
never been to the bar Mike's been
working on it two years so it's a joy to
be here and nice to catch up as opera
yeah Gooding they're going to be really
nice
well let's get in bloom I think I really
want about the anything I love my name
you would do that so wouldn't they
dispute that he's your maid for that day
I wish you guys could smell this fruit
section it's not so good right through
all yeah these bananas are ready to roll
actually maybe another three ready
check out the main barn this is all
converted I actually came here eight
years ago back in 2009 and Mike's been
coming out here for years to help with
that kind of renovation of this old
massive farm building into duct and I
guess that's why he's now you can get
his wedding venue this is the camping
area referents going to be sleeping and
then as he saw me and Riya and sleeping
in a little camper van we've got he's
just ideal I'm saying - Riya are being
polite over 20 wedding she's only been
to one Steve's wedding which I think was
two years ago and I'm not a massive fan
of traditional weddings obviously
they're nicer your friends and stuff but
this looks cool because Mike and in
fiance elves are getting married and
this little pagoda and this is where all
of the chillin hanging out
and a little look at the layout tomorrow
I'm going to be filming bit obviously
for the vlog but also to get footage
over to make a nice wedding video so
just figuring out where everyone's going
to be alright so they're going to go
yeah okay so you've got so I could serve
a tripod so I understand where the
better to say there's a whole
congregation here huh
is it this time of day because it's
being tuned to know where the sun's
coming from as well okay well not but
it's going to be literally like it's
almost I've been sorry
well it's now okay so you can talk if
the sun's going to be pretty you
probably want to be there you probably
want to be this side filming right yeah
well yesterday fresh bright you having
fun Oh am I having fun
I didn't even well I don't even know
there's a stream per where this is the
shape to be no long yeah you can do
lengthen area the bride and groom
else this and Mike relaxing the day
before the wedding
this is the way to do it all you make
just having fun as we continue to keep
somewhere non sealable oh it makes me
smile yes we're going to see stormy
weather
- sake stand together cuz I know
well time outside the school beach is
fun if we take off this will be just
fine if we take off my mic the day
before the wedding how you feeling
nervous yeah excited directly you
stressing out are you relaxing relaxing
mostly yeah I'm like that everyone round
the pool and soon as different zones and
vibes and the place be newsmakers built
this so good makes L taste the birch
family oh yes come uptown I'm having
hammers Rainey's yes right another you
must sleep here tonight
hi hammers and it feels so okay they've
got the pizza oven fired up check this
out I'm going to be cooking some pizzas
in there later this is amazing
everyone needs going to leave their
guard and then the next of the days I'm
going to be helping Dan he's got a
production company and he's doing a lot
of the the main comment wedding video
and I'm just going to be helping people
if we take off that sunshine will be
defined that is that the sunshine that's
discerned and we've had a super relaxed
afternoon rise and get some wet bar
that's how you get on time so I can
enjoy the weekend but hopefully you will
just stay up really late and then we've
done
this is the stuff you guys don't see the
behind the scenes spending like 12 hours
editing a video yeah and the one thing
about ex place is there's no internet
which the most people isn't a problem
but when you're trying to upload YouTube
videos it can be a problem the rest
everything else is perfect so beautiful
here and we're just about to get some
dinner as well this is the homemade
pizza
we are going to let people finishing
their pizzas and we're going to squeeze
down the rope there's this beautiful
field of sunflowers that we thought
would be cool to go and get some photos
maybe some video shot this will be just
fun oh yeah thank you beautiful oh yeah
hi I'm so glad we we're down here this
is even more beautiful than the
sunflower field as in the other day
really nice this is where you get some
Webby
what were you playing over here rice on
a special super with it no what are you
guys doing a bozo very much
guys
Stephen Alexa had arrived yeah yeah
that's good my friend
yeah no for the 1.49 my character
I'm sorry tyrannical we must find the
measurements at 10 and the mattress yeah
I think you look so - your turn with a
bad boy oh my gosh
hi that is the waiter can't go in it
that is literally the way develops
amazing oh my god you guys were winning
yeah I think we're gonna get we're gonna
get we're such a good weekend 180 count
like that hold a little bit oh boy how
was the drive down there we coming back
with you from Paris yeah it was good as
good as long we got masks engine traffic
cars
it took about like wrecking from home
yeah tonight 13 hours oh yeah
why it's just given all the groomsmen
little presence felt my name wrong
Rasmus oh I got Louisa yeah how good
okay Ralph like the band
yeah The Rasmus my bike guys look how
cool this is might got a dual
personalized mugs are the name done as
you say Louie
guys there's and pretty large sorry
because up saying some people work which
is what most of the guests are going to
be meeting tomorrow
spit roasted pig well it's pretty late
we're all snowed up in our van everyone
else is in their tents I think a couple
of guys are staying in a B&B locally
that's we are all ready for tomorrow and
although I haven't tried on my groomsmen
and clothes yeah I think I've got they
bought me some trousers to wear I
haven't checked that they said that I
think we're pretty ready I don't think
it's going to be super like it's a
pretty relaxed wedding that's not trying
to say it's a pretty relaxed wedding so
I feel like nothing can go wrong really
and it's been a really nice evening
catching up with everyone and just
sitting around having chats and so now
sitting out by the hammocks and watching
the stars and yeah it's just been the
nicest day and yeah I feel like more
weddings to be like this I mean I hope
we have another wedding day yet but
today think it and I think tomorrow is
going to be excellent and hopefully the
Sun stays and yeah I couldn't be happier
for Mike and Elvis it's great to be here
you know
steena wanted peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure but
