hello everybody my name is Sarah and
then sending you lots of love and
happiness from California now time for
fun for living
we've landed at Heathrow blue all night
they obviously but been a bit cross fit
so we got a copy
Thank You Emily
hi so minute daddy were just chillin in
his Hut and he's finishing his honey
badger edit which you guys need to go
into it so he's just done a bit of a
longer video explaining a bit about the
honey badger and why he's kind of
interested in his characteristics and
stuff so yeah go and check that out I'll
link it though there now we're heading
out for some fun with no sleep
million days are pop it over to Steve
Steve's house he just got back as well
this morning
and he's been resting they were going to
go pick up some t-shirts that I'm gonna
give to a few people as
so it's lunchtime with the parents and
Dave luckily reunite for one day before
I go to America cheers this though check
check these out
frozen grace you got a bunch of grapes
and you put them in the freezer
oh that is just genius it's such a
simple simple thing but these are
amazing
if in Dana heading into London and we're
filming their secret video which I'm
gonna release in a couple of weeks but I
can't really tell you about it today
for some reason we've decided to go to a
transition today instead of sleeping how
you feeling today though being a little
bit tkt yeah little bit take a look
reach it
hopefully it's not raining so it's not
it's raining as we're heading here it's
still warm though which is good it's all
about warm so that warm isn't it oh look
at its core post-it notes culture good
old Nelson's column over there hello
mate so we're heading out Piccadilly
Circus now and we've got the last little
bit of our video chill
it is hot today like nice nice
temperature
we are now heading over to hang out with
Alfie and we're gonna celebrate with in
because he's hitting a million
subscribers today on YouTube and we're
hoping to go to the hot tub cinema to
celebrate we are at the hot tub cinema
thing his Elfie yeah ma oh wait I was
watching your blog and you like South
Africa and now you're here yeah
literally just landed and came here
basically let's do it it's raining a
little bit I think that's just gonna add
to the enjoyment of the hot tub wherein
we send Dave and saying this is right
this is like the dream that we've always
had in the garden but never did it yes
yeah oh yeah yeah exhaust friend JC he
hits the top of the ticket yeah
he'll be doing me enjoying us our hats
in money group
there's no mega rain English yeah
guys he's turned into the National
thunderstorm we're not just having hot
stuff in the rain now that lightning a
fumble
so it's the end of it amazing hot tub
experience now I have a hot tub cinema
Alfie and a we're gonna go and grab a
drink somewhere in chill and see we can
see Alfie as you well hope you like your
tea sure my manicotti the other day you
ever seen these before I've even that is
nice how far away from a million
subscribers is especially now 21 it was
19 a minute guys everyone's that shoving
it on some 1 million subscribers a free
well done man
1 million 1 million 1 million
so alpha dog has been awesome and
sharing his million subscriber moment
within follow-up and we're gonna see
each other in a few days in America
ready for and then he like five days we
came in and I kind of get used to it but
this is this is sick it's been really
good night babe so I'm not going to see
him for like 3 weeks because I'm off to
America tomorrow morning right it's been
awesome adventure this last year each
day so me and hacia off to America
tomorrow morning to VidCon which is next
weekend we're gonna be chilling in LA
and I forget to bed because of light is
yeah in the morning
let's get up so peace out enjoy life and
lived adventure boom
