but on the gums at breakfast
how you feeling this morning lads shots
video show earlier today we're launching
the prize you campaigning
so it's an exercise right here like a
blog post on the darknet website and
hopefully we can get the name
we're on our way to the compound again
where we're going to be doing some more
pimping of our tux
how the devil are you I'm nice to meet
you it's always the guys guys no photos
no photos now it's go go the sun is
shining it's warm very warm and we're
going to bring the tuk tuks out we're
going to park them and crack on Samir
Mac Sabina signs to get all the wiring
done for the batteries and the sound
systems
who's doing the awnings Jack I'm gonna
do the image what's the 100 here I'll
grab some beautiful net 1/8 stuff is
that for the seating as well
yeah here we're bringing the total
around to get the speaking speed
we're getting three bucks cables two
speakers one set of speakers with all
cable up with an all-stock and do that
for yourself so current predicament is
we're trying to drill some holes to wire
the battery to the front and this is as
far as we can get the drill in the
building it's not enough our gap so we
need to go and get an extension on plug
it and he's going to get an extension
cable and then it should work we've won
the bat down this road and we're going
to see we can get anything this time so
we've got extension lis so we can plug
in the drill and we're getting some more
wiring so we can rewire the batteries on
the other type topspin what's going on
no no speakers working with SS now Oh
by high-five sneakers Donna how many Mac
successfully drilled some holes through
so we're going to now connect these
wires to the current existing wires and
then we're going to thread up through
those holes into the front of the
tuk-tuk
so it'll wrap around each other these
long last wash fun and then we're going
to touch it all the way around run a log
and then put it through the front look
at those guys battery mains power boom
that's what I'm talking about
hey Jack look up there look at there
we subpoena the modest fishermen run
around town Christmas it's lunchtime
what we got there where a vegetable
spring roll
none of us have eaten all day
you mean you're working so hard we don't
Jack there's having a little bit of
flowers inside the tuk-tuk and can't
drive a tuk-tuk you're in do about
thousand sites like a rule this is one
of the essential things is putting
flowers on I think more than anything
else more than power yeah no don't need
power
we just need flowers in got flower power
yes may this is coming together so
nicely please for holding goodies
these were holding water bottles it's
all coming together well basically we
thought okay we don't want to just get
really sore bumper next mm while you're
gone so we bought that big then no big
whoop you're a rat farm RAM of the seats
and get started on the roof and I just
make a nice pretty nice excited I've
doctor away from the madness for a
minute to go and find a few other bits
we need
okay I've got the battery terminals and
a hammer
bye haven't found nails yet only live
for nails I've got the nails I'm gonna
run back see we can get these chairs
mate the lads wait ho see what they've
been hunting scene you today I mean
quite active we've been basically
walking around just trying to gather all
these bits and pieces or the flowers and
the wire and everything neater
yeah it's been good though productive
the guys are putting the seat make now
just a bit it's not working okay fine
then fine I've got I've got their
soidiers it's all hooked up yeah yeah
I'll be ready for tomorrow just in Port
look I know you were stressing about it
yes and I'm doing all the important
things I said yeah that's what taped up
there I mean that is a relief those are
really nice I feel a little bit useless
Kazee to live in a match technical
wizards
I'm doing duct tape and duct taking
bonds to the phone whoa what a hectic
day literally we've got a bit of an
issue because this guy is a mechanic and
he's only guy that can fit two speakers
you've still want to talk to us a new
speakers fit and he's not here half now
45 minutes after day life apart from
that we're pretty good with all the
decorations on and seats going on on
this one and we're working on that one
Victoria Mary and Elizabeth they're
looking sweet well yes Mary way Mary's
got some sounds very beautiful I
actually in love with you too come here
so at the end of the day we're making
some very last-minute adjustments
apparently one of the common problems is
that the exhaust rings down while you
drive which are doing a very yeah for
doing a very handmade job of attaching
fishing wire to the exhaust and then up
into the body of the top top so it does
come loose
it holds him to it so it's the end of
the night we've parked up we're leaving
tomorrow and we pretty much go
everything sorted there might be a few
little other things but pretty much
there okay look at this taxi ready
I'm here are you I wasted on this taxi
jack
after a long day hard work on the tax
hikes it's home here to get home we've
made a group decision to all eat me
tonight even though I was trying to be
vegetarian at last about three days old
chilli poor egg noodles what you guys
got
same with Dixie spicy it is spicy hot
Andalus Isaac on their part there's one
so bad a lot of spices so embarrassing
see these red chillies Finn just ate one
how you feeling my ears are my basis
when I went on the Apple right it's the
hottest Chili's and then you have an
on-rails or hottest chili in India like
that baby and then you know what history
I've ever eaten in my life
there's this world cause I quite between
us at all chili season to affect into
Finn's beard nor Jack to the ritual run
okay cherry boys cheers everyone drink
drink
Oh Boris boring of you how is that
obvious before you are a problem right I
strain about going to show you out I
just like to say well we'll say it's
very quick speak to me
oh yeah I could be in a better place
more wonderful bunch people okay guys we
are setting off tomorrow at 11 a.m. and
we're going to go through a room for 1/5
times side where we're aiming to get to
the end of the day and then work out
where how much distance we want to cover
each day so we've got our maps here I've
got your Google Maps on laptop look at
these lovely Indian scars in the media
got for us um I feel like a bandit this
is you look like a bum bandit I'm going
to get some rest tomorrow we're leaving
on the rickshaw run and it's going to be
amazing
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
you
