today we have come out to another
hipster cafe Just Lunch becoming a habit
but I like it
I ordered fried chicken with chilies and
there's a lot to listener I'm a little
bit worried
and this milkshakes incredible as well
what did you get Rachel
I don't usually do this but look how
beautiful this toy is it's got like a
little like blossom like a tree in there
in the bathroom this is this is cool
that's annoying
we also plan some cool stuff joints and
things down my year next year things you
want to do rachel has been a good help
processing my thoughts we've popped back
home briefly I'm feeling really tired
but really exciting these guys I've hit
500,000 subscribers on YouTube that's so
so good it's something I was hoping to
reach this year and I did
we've hit 500,000 that's mad as just
crazy and thank you for those of you
that have been subscribed for a while
and welcome to those of you that have
recently subscribed to this channel but
um it's an exciting milestone it's cool
rachel has dropped me off at club le
beach I've calmed down because my
friends having a barbecue down here guys
what bird is that that is a cool looking
bird okay looks like a slight change in
plans I've been waiting around quite
relaxed just laying down resting and the
weather isn't great it started to sorry
and the weather stuff the weather's got
a bit grey and tiny bit there's a few
drops of rain so I message Ella and she
said we might need to change the plan
and I should head over to Bondi so I
jump in a bus and we might go out for a
hot chocolate or something
this is eller everybody what you got
there we are getting frozen yogurt
chocolate strawberries banana chips
chocolate chips yeah I'd say some
chocolate it makes us awesome stop happy
babies why do you guys look I got
natural M&Ms and muesli I like the
balance of like healthy Beasley with
that I feel like if I put them together
it kind of cancels out I don't need
anything
hello
it's a dancing pug
they met leave it leave it okay
we are celebrating me hating 500,000
subscribers in YouTube
yeah and I'm glad I've got a friend here
it's raining is actually raining reminds
even you like everyday in England it's
not
any of you okay can we order some period
and we'll come and pick it up yeah okay
can we please get a green tie chicken
car yeah perfect
I know guys regular house and my
adventures but it's fine trying Turkish
delight petite I've never tried this
before I used to be a big fan of herbal
tea then I discovered coffee but I'd
like to get back into it so the plan is
I'm gonna try and get bit of an earlier
night tonight because tomorrow we're off
a super early well when I say super
early I mean 9 a.m. which is super early
for me on a road trip to Byron Bay we
were potentially talking about leaving
tonight but I think it works better
going tomorrow because it's gonna be a
beautiful drive up there and I was gonna
just tell you guys one last thing before
I sign off is that you might not know
this but rachel is a high school teacher
English and she's been on at me about
reading and she's noticed I don't read
and she tried to get me to read a book
every day it was alright I didn't really
engage with it and she said why should
they
he's asked all you got ace what books do
you think I would enjoy reading and also
what's the best book that you've read
ever and if you comment below then we'll
have a look through and maybe take some
advice anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow
for a fun road trip up to Byron Bay
peace out enjoy life and live adventure
boom
