hey there guys
I'm miss step Roman and you're watching
fun for Louie we are heading out to pick
up Steve who's just landed good
oh my I'm so excited your hair and you
got your penny board yes but we still
use just a freshen up have a shower
we've all finished doing some bits and
now we're heading up with some lunch
wait Dave don't think much will commence
Amy always bloody good living I know is
good before you go there Dave
there will be a sushi
me and Steve yeah for the last few
months have been scheming and our friend
Jake you met about doing our own
clothing line and it's been Steve stream
for awhile and I need new clothes
because I don't have money so we thought
yeah this is perfect perfect teamwork so
these are the designs we've got some of
you have sweet seen some sneaky guy
snuck in the other day we've got this
guy pocket t-shirt mr. sunny man I've
got this guy no palm tree pocket guy and
then I'm thinking you guys are like this
one right look I have a hot Oh jellies
going out peace out enjoy life live the
adventure here's another guy fine nomad
they're just given been is complimentary
I'm so excited right now a little swing
tag that is looking nice it's basically
the plan today is we are now all going
to go and hopefully this if the weather
holds up is take some photos and
bachelor on the website ready for you
guys so by the time you're watching this
is that it's all going to be ready to
launch top line of intuition guys do it
we have swamp-ass mixed offices two
recruits and models for the photo shoot
because we're so badly organized his
friend Paula has kindly volunteered
I had to cram in the boots we didn't
have room they've joined me in the back
now forgot we're cozy we are posing
camps bay we're gonna make up fast barf
and detroy maybe under swishing look at
this is I look at the customers head and
down we've had to borrow his camera
because we are horridly disorganized
guys I'm with Casper and Troy ah this is
all bit a bit hectic now let the sun's
just speaking through we've got like two
seconds yeah come down to meet my
friends thanks for helping out with this
man
okay we had this idea that we need to be
like doing a selfie vlogging thing
whilst they're doing the photo shoot
because then it's like naps Richard that
were logging okay now we're going this
way and now we're just talking and
having no you know he's been filming an
actual movie way too long he's been
hanging out with John Cleese they're
like best mates and stuff he asked about
YouTube and I was like he went he said
to me he's like Casper of my youtube
channel I launched like two years ago
didn't do very well yeah and I'm like
probably cuz you're too old yeah yes yes
you know and then I walked off and I
start my fingers no but seriously no
he's a lovely guy yeah on the hill had a
YouTube channel we believe Google oh
yeah we should link through to his lair
one
so doc now though we need to we need to
like something and go oh we gotta strip
my jeans it's a good see see you so I
think we've pretty much finished up for
the moment and we're gonna go and warm
up and get drinks for that did you enjoy
the photo shoot I did I loved it it
wasn't too cold but it's real life fun
yeah yeah thanks for helping out
I got a calzone II it's got this stuff
in it called bunny Chow it sounds
interesting
we're doing doodling
what does go with not enough oh we're
calling ourselves team abundance hashtag
team abundance
I'm senior
so we've just been chilling for most
evening and it pays off and he's coming
whoa we're gonna meet him for breakfast
at 9:30 so me and Steve have been
spending most evening looking at some of
the photos that we took earlier
hey they look nice man like it knows
their mate oh yeah
so Steve's just getting these together
now and he's gonna put those on the
website which is live now for you guys
to go and check out but I just wanted to
say that this has been like a really fun
journey for me and Steve from like the
concepts we had of doing this a while
ago like doing the designs of Jake back
in England and now like we're in South
Africa doing the photo shoot but like it
was you know we've put a lot of
everything guys like the other day we
were like stamping by hand the swing
tags for the t-shirts a few guys and I
speak really exciting and it's being
cool finally being able to put something
out there which is more than just videos
you know it's tangible stuff like
t-shirts and stuff so this is a first
order of the finally no man's clothing
free bad man boxes and we want this to
be way more than just like a t-shirt
product line we want to make it
something which is you know this is why
we call it find the Nomad so I'll make
it something that's bigger than just a
t-shirt you know something we can
involve you guys with and a really cool
idea we came up with is basically the
sooner you buy a t-shirt like the people
that buy t-shirts first get signed like
a nomad number so like um Nomad number
one
Steve's no man number two and then
basically the people that are buying the
t-shirts quicker they will they'll be
assigned the numbers in like sequence
and the lower the number you are we're
gonna offer some really exclusive cool
deals and some really exciting promo
stuff and maybe some events nice piece
of content yeah all that kind of stuff
so it's like part of being part of
something like it's not a secret little
no matter club you know so basically
this you know you like sign up benefits
you get basically exactly so there's an
incentive don't just leave it if you
like are maybe I'll get one of those one
day we get it now because
you'll forever be no man number 15 yeah
or 200 or if you want it'll be like
15,000 by you you ain't getting those no
maybe maybe anyway is it's really
exciting and it's cool that you guys
have been on this journey and stuff's
changing and happening so go down now
click that buy some t-shirts get
involved and yeah I'll catch you
tomorrow anyway peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
