we've landed somewhere in India on our
way to the other place we were in India
to be really lucky in two flights lay
down the both room
I'm really tired guys oh I need to sleep
somewhere here we are what happy we are
looking for our driver he's going to
drive us to shalom
these are tuk tuks and these are the
transport that we're going to be driving
across India look at those guys crazy
never driven one before hello mate
insane big boy sideways
just walk down the airport saw some tuk
tuks and the goat and then we sort of
fight or your first impression shot
these are with new driver information
weeks and seeing them in persons
actually made me feel really scared like
I've been imagining this trip for months
but looking at them now and thinking I'm
going to send out the next two
terrified we've got to separate little
minivan the next destination chillon
here we come hey look at this guy
hey man so I found a nice cold
refreshment
I think we're getting back to the right
I was just slit I was just sleeping and
I got woken up by a massive bang and I
think that lorry in front of us the tide
just blew out cat meows we've stopped
off on route for a little lunch I think
it's actually breakfast I don't really
know
back on the road you asleep
somehow they are tires blown on Titus
but I've ever and they're facing off
that time
colors going
I'm not a feeling this could be a
regular occurrence or on our trip
there's going to be a lot of blown tires
and little breakdown for this call me
these get used to it
you
we've arrived
find me I feel like we've been driving
for like days how do you feel jack just
standard hotel check-in we have to fill
in a long questionnaire Jack whatever
man I've lost my Canon 50 in the cab did
you check it do the rundown okay we
might be wrong but we think Jack lifts
his camera on top of the car the taxi
when we like for all our bags in well no
luck we cannot find it
hey check this out right so this was
earlier Lou is filming this is a taxi we
got our yellow you just scroll it it was
taxi luckily I was filming and then look
if you look behind lose head and right
about here that's my camera they're on
the way the guys just on the top of the
car and who parked right watch it what
is your guy Dylan are so after beauty
sleep I was hiding behind the yellow
t-shirt looks so shitty and we just see
him walk to the park and just come out
on my camera and it looks like you put
it in his car so I'm gonna find his
pasture here or if he's driven away and
a few signal is crazy I feel like a
proper detective we like scanning
through the footage we're going to try
and get his number plate from the other
night maybe we need to report to the
village and my 5d stolen on top
what here literally you can see the guy
walking away there's five days all your
thoughts then thanks like guys look at
our hotel room this is awesome thank you
very much
look at that look at the view hahaha and
we got our own beds we don't have to
share beds and Ely we won't be sharing
we thought would be a double bed
together but we're not oh I just have a
little nut ah
nice catching a little bit sleep
smokes reception of how many he's
bringing it back he was a tourist taxi
they called him up and you who was and
he's bringing it back no what no we're
the soda bet this is the camera I left
involved so weird right so it wasn't the
people turn it was like this friend just
came in didn't tell me that was it and
you just like a camera what stole Solan
run India and it wasn't a high-five way
amazing we're now catching taxis to
register for the rickshaw run this tax
is funny
yeah this is Namita she's going to be
helping us out showing us around and
basically saving us in all the times
we're going to be saving try my best
where are we bed I check out our ties I
really excited another hectic taxi ride
in the bank I'm getting better at these
I really hope there's more Headroom in
the tuk tuks that's all I'm saying
I am really excited this is the first
time we've got to see the type types
that we're spending there two three
weeks in and they're looking good
we are now heading back to the hotel and
I'm crazy traffic crazy traffic we're
back no tell we're going to freshen our
source of bits out
it's the end of the night we're heading
to our rooms and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow enjoy a life of adventure
boom
you
