good afternoon guys today I am down in
Oxford for family reunion my granny's
birthday and bad news is briar can join
us she got stranded in Toronto last
night and because there's a delay and
she missed the connecting flight so
she's arriving tomorrow but it's still
going to be a great day lots of
generations here and we're going to have
a nice lunch together
is my little meat in the hey look at you
properly like holding a head off that is
no awesome patchwork well as well
how you doing hell yeah yeah sure I got
my show
bringing up the chill time in the
courtyard now so we've left the hotel
where we've been having our lunch little
family gathering and we're sitting down
to the local park now and we've just
been admiring all the architecture the
houses around here Knox that's so
beautiful like check this out
just like summers hampt look at that
just so epic they all look like her like
fairytale houses so this whole area
guides Oxford University so these are
all like holes and different colleges of
the University this is Lady Margaret
College this piece the entrance is the
party
oh that's awesome oh my gosh I look
amazing now moving the crane why it is
person around the crane automatically oh
my they are remote controllers accretion
we're getting some of the youngsters
trying other drive how are you finding
it Euler that you see you got a white
flag near the crane I live going to take
a fight for everyone everyone wave and
press that one and again my dad's flying
the Mavic we're filling out some letters
we thought it'd be cool to spell out a
void in yo your DNA oh yeah I like it
though okay this is a lifetime's it will
be the bottom okay I'll be the longer
you guys be there
okay can you see can you see hello look
at that's great see
okay here you getting a doll do we need
someone else and then maybe your dad can
be the other L see we needed to be the L
okay the girls comedic bottoms of the L
and then you and Steve could be the I Oh
spike it oh this is great we did it we
nailed it straightaway
okay wait you need to angle up a bit to
your feet and more towards them long
yeah we might need a said we need three
more people love that's great
yesterday oh love that is just love oh
this is amazing it looked even better
from higher up okay let's pull this
place I can get with keeping us all in
now it now we can roll out row
okay keep rolling keep rolling keep
rolling keep rolling Steve King rolling
keep rolling keep rolling see keep roll
is it dear we did it Adam still rolling
still rolling my name rubia spelling out
happy birthday for our grand but if
you're great granny industry
Wow happy birthday grand
today's been really cool guys it's a
rare chance I get to see my entire
family and my cousins and aunties and
uncles and granny and I don't know I've
been looking forward to today for quite
a while still really sad that Riya can
join my family were asking after her but
she lands tomorrow morning so I'm going
to be going to pick her up from the
airport and yeah one last thing my
sister Hillary as you know her and Adam
are new parents and I'm a new uncle too
indeed my little niece anyway Hillary's
spending a lot of time the home of who
she's a new mother and she has really
been getting into her snapchats
sorry Instagram stories just sharing a
bit about her life as a new mom and yeah
it is it's pretty cool if any of you are
interested essentially she's kind of
vlogging on her insta Instagram story so
if any of you are interested I'll link
her below you can check her out
show us some encouragement spera on and
she says he's reading everyone's little
d-ends and stuff telling a little more
insta ready now baby's here with me
don't share images of her on public
social media efficiently and we are
going away tomorrow we are going up
north as I like to call it you'll see
where and tomorrow stories in the
evening can get a train it's going to be
the biggest journey we've ever done with
a little one we're having a few nights
away before we go to a wedding right now
some safer guys well the baby sticks on
me
to mess still filling Braille I have a
decision to make about the seasoning
there was an opportunity go over and
follow over you're interested in the
life she's leading right now which is
very different to mine and I still think
I'm a few years off being a parent but
it was cool seeing her today babies are
so cute and also I feel like this very
strong connection obviously being
related to this little newly forming
human that's kind of learning to do
think things and still early days but I
cannot wait to be a part of her life
she's growing up and yeah just seeing
the stages hopefully I'm in the country
enough to see some of the major ones
anyway I will catch you guys tomorrow
and yeah I'm excited that riot can be
coming in peace they'll enjoy life and
live the adventure
