hello my name is wizzy and i'm from
zambia enjoy watching fun family I had a
lovely line this morning and it is a
beautiful day and Rachel's taking me out
for some late breakfast a place with the
house I love the vibe those guys
definitely going back
that was incredible coffee incredible I
love that Australia's got good coffee
Rachel Zoe's down at a beach I was going
to line something for a ban I've been
lying Beach for like five hours and it's
been incredibly relaxing I did a bit of
reading and wit full of swim and now
rate has come back and we're gonna go
and have a small snack maybe some fish
and chips but the small portion before
dinner that's a lot
look how cool this tree is that's the
kind of tree I'd want to build a tree
house There s also looks like it's out
of line we've arrived at Rachel's
parents house we're gonna have a nice
family meal tonight which is it's gonna
be good looking for some home-cooked
food we've had a lovely evening had some
delicious food and I've met Rachel's
family they were awesome we have just
got back to change into some more
suitable clothes to go out and I found
that out that Jack and Finn have
uploaded the first episode of the
rickshaw run so I'm gonna watch it and
I'm really excited and if you guys
haven't seen it by the time I put this
video up you need to go over there and
check it out we'd like you to meet Louie
Harry then we'll we persuaded them to
join us on a rather mad trip across
India me and Rachel have come into the
centre of Sydney to walk around and
see some of the sights and we've been
walking long look at the pavement this
is insane
this is like crazy graffiti but I think
it's actually they're planning something
it looks very confusing though so
Rachel's just told me something
interesting about Starbucks what did you
just tell me I think
because they make better coffee yeah no
it's true we found out this morning
Sydney does make Australia in general
has awesome coffee someone has stolen my
skateboard yeah you're good
yeah you gay she was an impressive
skateboarder for a drunk lady and a
random drunk lady the Opera House looks
so nice at night
this is where they're setting up for the
New Year celebration there's gonna be
something on this structure in the
middle of the bridge so it's seeing that
we can walk all the way around the Opera
House if you feel really naughty there
is a slightly better view from up there
there wasn't really anything worth going
up there for so we just walk straight
right down to the other side first kind
of fun their alarms Suri we just wanted
to get a better view of the become where
you get out this way if you didn't hear
that guy said basically we just
triggered an alarm and the security he
just got called out for kids we took it
along a little bit nori
we've got home really lovely evening
another relaxed today and something
quite exciting has happened today I got
my video my two-minute kind of world
adventure video featured in a London
newspaper quite from a newspaper and
this is it on the online version of the
other site the myth the metro metrics
but it's really interesting what they
put here the video kind of description
was this might either be the most
inspiring or depressing video you watch
today when it can then then links
through to kind of talking about why
travels and stuff I really hope it is
more inspirational and that people can
feel empowered and excited and yeah
inspired to do their own thing and to
see their passions and stuff like that
so I hope for you watching you guys
watching that that is more of what I'm
communicating rather than hey look how
cool my life is because that's not what
I want to be doing anyway um I they're
not dig tomorrow another chill day
exploring Sydney I guess my pets toys
then peace out enjoy life
live event
