hi I'm Kate from Australia and you're
watching this morning we have driven to
a place called Bangalow and we've got
our challenge the last challenge of the
trip and I think it's cooking related
because we've arrived cooking school you
don't yep my second challenge and none
of our team cook but we've got those
ingredients it's all being taken very
seriously we've got like an hour in 20
minutes do something and I have no
motivation for this
we're thinking our theme could be purely
local ingredients but I don't really
know what anything is we have our
marinade we've got a chunk of beef what
else we get match that for cooking
cheese we've got the meat on the go
these guys are doing the bread and the
holidays my dad was here he would smash
this dad you shouldn't you'd have won
this competition something we've learned
today don't try and save cheese fondue
the melted cheese does not sit well it
just doesn't work look at these guys
so the judges of he and all of the
editions that all the chains are
prepared and we have to have the results
yet so the final part of this whole
challenge is we're gonna be riding these
go-karts down the hill and parent it's
like a traditional thing in this town so
the Dean of me are gonna be racing
against each other the beach
we had a great time my repay we didn't
say there that long we just got to try
to be enjoy being sunbathing and now
we're off to cuddle koala bears we're
not bears are they they're just koalas
we've arrived to the camp in wildlife
sanctuaries koalas what do you think of
the college maybe I'm losing my mind
like all I'm hanging out is how to steal
one where one out like a mini backpack
the big koalas getting neglected song
they have a little cut another big one I
did not know that koalas are such good
jumpers
thank you John so I caught a lizard hey
man hey chill man chill I got told off
for catching a lizard who's cool though
lizard wind we watching a cooking
hurricane new wing Sunday
so the staff at this animal sanctuary
just told me that the lizard I was
holding is it's actually pretty
dangerous and it's got a pretty vicious
bite which you usually need them
stitches for and it can get affecting
the stuff so when I saw me with it they
were like they said they thought I was a
lizard whisperer
this is one of the most dangerous birds
in the world these have been known to
kill people these are more dangerous
than a prophet oh yeah more dangerous in
the crocodile what race after you - he's
the guy just chillin with a kangaroo
this is so cool that we ran out to walk
around and hang out with these kangaroos
dinnertime boys your tiny okie dancing
pressure know there was there an arm
involved as a heart yeah that's it
that's it that's the one
one awesome day last day of the contiki
trip tomorrow flying to Sydney and I
really don't know what's gonna happen
next I catch you guys then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
