hi my name's Keegan I'm from Scotland
and you're watching fun for Louie so
well first up this morning is going to
be taking you guys for your know what
yes is any guesses I think that some of
you may have guessed correctly we're
heading to a place called aj hackett
which is famous here in Cannes for bungy
jumping and also its minge in swing as
you heard looks like with bungee jumping
or swinging off some big swing ideally a
night to wake up first
how you feeling joy pretty bad are you
not looking forward to this how you
feeling
um I don't enjoy this kind of feeling at
all I mean I like it I know people are
into it but it doesn't be like
adrenaline to me it feels like forward
that makes any sense
I have actually been to John before and
it's terrifying is so terrifying and I'm
kind of into adrenaline stuff as well
this is
favor you doing it I don't know I mean
it jumping if I can get Troy in and if
you agree which i think is not honestly
think that sitting here watching people
from he's so fun yeah that sounds really
really cool you looking for to this jack
no Troy and Hannah memory are strapped
into this way Troy
I love ya so we are rigging up ready to
do the swing
what's this twinkled the minions were
really steady how is that ha ha that was
so good that was so much fun
fine I've decided I'm gonna do the
bungee jump split and scary but it's
gotta be done sure you doing the bungee
yeah yeah Oh
walking up the stairs I was like
 myself because it's like The
Hobbit Rijal everything I was like
hoping like a grandma yeah I didn't know
like really mean palm up here I don't
know why and do the child with this
photo made some decisions on rooms I'm
right now straight on the winner
I'll get strapped up my going I'm ready
to jump I'm not really yeah
incredible oh I'm shaking with
adrenaline how did you find it up it was
so that was my first night yeah like the
first second scary and there's so much
fun just like a party pleasure you know
how did you find this you're so
terrified of the show unbelievably
terrified completely blacked out and I
think that's a first fetal position
bungees yeah so we've arrived at the sky
rail which is like a thing that goes
over the jungle but we sit in it look at
our and it's gonna be amazing
how surreal is this guys we're in the
tropical jungle and there's a Christmas
tree you're really Godzilla I'm about
that sale over the canopy in the
rainforest
the Troy run as welcome to repeat
everyone
hey Jeremy I'll be a ranked it's an ace
I'll take you
every time I go to the jungle just makes
me want to live here anymore I just want
to build a tree house and live in the
jungle
so the gondola is stopped stationary and
we are swaying in on top of the canopy
we could be here for hours how are you
guys feeling like this as soon as you
said hours my heart dropped
panic I don't panic over we are moving
again
we have arrived in this town in the rain
forest called Carranza and we are going
fighting to eat because they are already
angry
look at this guy he is crazy me and
Jessie finish lunch we now have a little
wander around did a bit of shopping well
I had a little nap at the hotel
accidentally fell asleep lottery out
something just jumped in the coach we
came back into town we're going out for
dinner
why
this is
is
well I just got back to the hotel that's
an awesome night I love dancing tomorrow
we are heading to the Great Barrier Reef
I said we're going to be doing some
scuba diving Cole I cannot wait catch
you then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
