good morning guys
I'm in New York I'm heading out tonight
before I do I've got to do things to
stall out and collect from B&H if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog we were
doing some training with pH cameras on
yeah just some different cameras and
filming styles and techniques and stuff
with any of you into some camera stuff
you might have enjoyed those if you are
so you might not but yeah and if you
don't click do you think one of the big
things I'm getting today which is quite
a big deal is I'm actually going back to
using a MacBook Pro if you saw my vlog
from about a month ago or six weeks ago
I traded in my macbook for a Dell XPS 15
because I heard it was a lot more
powerful and better specs and I bit the
bullet was like yeah I'm going back to
PC but I really regret my choice and
I'll explain why later
but yeah
the tough call but I yeah going back to
Mac so I'm going to go pick up a macbook
pro a few other little things i need for
the trip and yeah
or just chill to the peopling really
haven't made many plans okay then right
I picked up some MD filters for the
Mavic for those of you that don't know
nd fillers are no no the exact science
behind it but it means I won't get like
crazy overexposure and lose the the
right you know in the bright things I
don't have you see some white blobs
would have been like in really sunny
condition quality luckily the quality in
the white could have blown out - grab
two of these they were there black and
blue so I've got some little portable
drive this is the the kind of thing I
need like a big rage systems like 810
massive hard drives which could
potentially go up to like 80 terabytes
of a long-term on utilities okay this
picks up a little bag my laptop just
burning around coffee shops on a day
powered and now I am going to fire a
dongle to give me all these cool that
Apple took away from the new mother
price guys before I am open the laptop
get excited I'm just checking out some
of the other gear that B&H are loaning
us for the well flight including as you
saw the other day I was talking about
there the 12 to 24 Sony lens this is
going to be incredible for the for the
wide views in the cockpit and stuff JPS
got an a7 r2 so at the moment I think
the cameras are going to be bringing is
- a7 s T's and 287 artis for some
photography as well obviously one of the
things with the Kickstarter when we
raise money for the world flight was
print and eBooks that photo that were
going to be taking along the journey so
piece of an ST doesn't always cut it for
regulation so this should be pretty
awesome and then we've got an rx100 mark
5 for covert filming and to be honest
quite a lot filming we could do on it so
you can film 4k 4 think of five-minute
period and also ultra slow mode so it's
gonna be fun playing with that again and
also we've got 2 x converter for the 70
to 200
gmask the lens that we have with JC's
taken with him oh yeah I might have
forgotten to mention JP left early this
morning to drive back to Toronto so I'm
going to take some of this stuff with me
and then this is our big bag for
equipment on the plane and maybe this
will ship to California so we cannot
pick it up when we get there here we go
nope or is it luckily I've got I've got
a few centuries including this guy this
gives you three standard USB HDMI
Ethernet USB C micro SD and SD card and
that's now just like that so it's
resolved a lot of the problems and
criticisms I had when I slept when it
first came out it looks like a lot
slimmer than the old one that I Lisa got
a headphone jack
nice yeah much bigger trackpad isn't it
oh it's going to be nicely back on a Mac
I've missed it okay so I've got this
little bag that I just bought it's like
a cheap little laptop bag for running
around it's nice you may think that
there's nothing else no I don't think so
I'll take that's it
minimal cool right
go the bag I don't know so just a son
are throwing the 12 to 24 and my camera
just to blog Watson's game at the hotel
a little look at the different
a real-world test I think I would call
for like any boarding around and stuff
any themes where I want to show a bit of
the environment on it obviously the
wider kind of the wider the better and
this is the same aperture is my current
15 to 35
I've actually weirdly met chemicals
is a convenient way to get around
I don't really think of New York having
held but there are road with joy England
ignite though thankfully the whole way
back to my hotel is down here some
disproved
so I think which is going to be my
little workstation for the next few
hours it's in the lobby of the hotel
that I was doing in last night
it's pretty nice pretty cool spot power
Internet and so one of the things about
being the Malick is I don't have an
address to get things posted to
occasionally I can get some closure to
my parents if I'm in the UK but right
now and I needed a few items so I got
them I went on Amazon yesterday got
Amazon Prime delivery overnight to the
hotel and you're going to last one of
the things I got deliver so I'm just
opening one of the books is now a
typical double XL motorbike helmet and
this is for the jet boarding the Jets
des boarding that we're doing across the
English Channel in a couple of weeks and
you know one of the big things I had a
problem with was that I couldn't find a
helmet that fitted so I'm really hoping
that xxx Delphis me
oh yeah this is a perfect fit I have to
thing under phyto-drip what event love
it
break your head thank you I just jumped
in the ego and are there Brooklyn I sit
back you know I like that and and you
know like a nice fight to them where
other people try to hit you you know hit
was he let him hit what you make sure
you know the back step and then you hit
you know like the identity then come
back didn't come back tried right and
Jane I didn't have like one of the most
interesting overrides in my life I guess
met that guy the driver from the porn
Emily died she couldn't be the whole
time we have incredible conversation
about his life and he grew up in a
little village Nepal commandement safer
maybe we'll get to hang out and like
ether Development Manager to Portland oh
so we corner
check it out
final call oh my god probably how long
that theory
so guys I've been trying to find a space
full day to tell you about the del and
why I'm going back to the Mac so I've
jotted down little little things that
irritate me all that I just straight out
problem with either windows or the Dell
machine some of them I'm not sure what
the problem is and these are these all
the reasons why I'm going back to the
Mac paper plates firstly with the old
machine or Windows is crazy saturated
like the screen
I can't edit photos on as you enter the
color profile at the try and like I
spent probably two hours trying to
either color profile to look like a Mac
monitor or my iPhone or any you know
it's look normal and then when I restore
the machine it resets the color profile
every time because I think the dark
again that's why it's number one happy
okay so secondly previewing files in on
a mattress though you just hit pay for
and you can just hit the down here
wherever you can just go through a whole
folder of whoever songs or video and you
can play the song whole for free and
skip to the next look windows doesn't
have a built-in function to do that does
have a quick preview function like that
download some kind of plugin and even
then I have to like it often crashes I
have reload it and you can preview files
in a similar way but then you can't
scroll down what lifting off it or it's
done so it just made my whole process a
lot lengthier even though maybe the
render time was faster maybe maybe it
had more power more RAM but the process
was just adding so much time on do
everyday I had stopped we're constantly
crushing on the Mac that's very rare
again I don't know why it was crushing
that I probably reached on my machine
every couple of day and would think
going back to rendering video is when I
mean on perfecting on rendering at the
intros I would render them in Pro res
and I didn't point out until let me quit
out and then point out until I got the
PP that you can't render in Pro res from
a beauty which again I was struggling
point an alternative way of rendering
with low enough file sizes with filter
quality video
I can find an alternative though I ended
up today do they care having to explore
from artifact and Adobe Media encoder at
h.t.t.h the physics full MPEG anyway the
whole thing
they'll appoint so many ways to deal
with my problem and I found the Latian
both of them but very convoluted and
unnecessary another thing this is
definitely with a dowel machine somehow
from listening to a movie I managed to
blow the internal speaker in the in the
laptop I don't know how it was allowed
scene of explosions but a laptop should
never be built with the ability to blow
the internal speaker there should be
some kind of ability to limit the audio
going into those likely a boolean or
whether the game I just shot though I'm
out the blows so it just makes farting
noise now whenever I listen to another
simple problem with just being up the
drag files from Windows Explorer into
the software I want if they whether it's
a picture into a very light room or
videos you know whatever it was it's not
as easier than a Mac you can just drag
it in to the taskbar and it was loads of
software you have to hold it and make
sure it's in the right place to lay
others
it beings differently and then finally I
found that just playing the video files
whether in YouTube or you know with web
video software like DLC we would pitch
it would have little glitches around try
and play back the video knuckle laughing
I'm going to mention and though though
the reasons why although the new Magna
Pro might not be as powerful the process
and the fluid kind of used into place
and the speed at which I can things that
makes up for the fact that it doesn't
have as much RAM and might not be as
helpful there you go guys buckle down
filtration anyway
as of tomorrow there's no more geek
towards no more cameras or I'm going to
be landing in Paris being a liar gang a
campervan and we are road tripping down
to Mike my friend Mike laws wedding
where we're going to be having an
amazing week and we looked familiar
faces and yeah going to be epic going to
be awesome hope you the weather's give
it well
I would have to very land in
if thou enjoys eyes and they did that
job
