I expensively so I had an interesting
sleep in my butterfly tent it was very
cold and then extremely hot but your
kidneys are got woken up with her with a
coffee so happy how did you sleep Ellen
and said about now not very well it's
all really cold and then many noisy and
then lights I was like screw it we her
dream is a free breakfast so we're
wandering over to investigate we are
going for a little shopping trip
we've stopped at the test case for some
supplies and I found some Wi-Fi I'm
going to use to upload the video in a
bit show me imitates the other night
kind of weird that big on a ride or i am
just poking out for some more supplies
so just opt in at a local pub to you
upload my video oh this back in the mash
yes I just had a lovely catch up with my
friend Andy we haven't really caught up
in months and we just sat in the
sunshine having a coffee reminiscing
chatting about life issues talking about
the future things that we're going
through everything like chatter for like
two hours is awesome
we're queuing up for some wood fire
pizza I'm just going back for my wallet
for cheeky little pizza wood-fired pizza
oh I just feel my red wine all over me
gonna film that how you enjoying the
festival day yeah it's good man what
more do you want frisbee funk some cheap
nice mate check out many different
things we go in here frisbee tennis
volleyball we should use that tomorrow
yeah let's get out batters or your penny
board telling us not much Houston is
there have you guys got loads of stuff
in your booties you should tweet me a
picture of the stuff that you got in
your boot I want to see whether this is
normal
right I'm back my 10 it's already cozy
in here I'm gonna get some sleep a
onesie and tomorrow is gonna be some
more festival fund it's been really
chill today and it's just been nice
spending time a son and hanging out
mates and stuff and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
