I'm gonna Riley here from Dublin Ireland
you're watching funforlouis I woke up
like five minutes ago grab my bag and
now we're in the car on the way to
fillet up well that was just such a rush
to lift with Dave I I was fast asleep in
his living room and then he ran his
weenie tag I relate so I literally grab
my bag still half-asleep jumped in his
convertible we just cleaned it around
the m25 which really whose really woke
me up because it is so windy but awesome
so much Jack's house we're about to get
our penny balls and go do slap learning
thank you we're gonna grab a little
refreshment on the way what's going on
Jack so all agree it's nice and sunny I
have a nightlight so we're gonna catch
it between two good trees and then
Louie's gonna walk gracefully yeah this
is awesome yeah let's do that
it's about that high yeah measure it up
if you measure up against your willy
then my willy really safe guys we're
stupid we can't figure this out we're
just trying to figure out which way is
we know it's like a ratchet thing that's
gonna go through like that that comes
through there what do you do today well
we we spent three hours trying to put a
flat line up
 out boy
you're literally a monkey well
hey dude he's gonna bounce up it onto
both tapes arrived she's gonna crunch
that line up it's gonna be a big fail
we are now going to get some lunch on
this glorious day hey Jack what's going
on man
you go chandi I did not so bad and from
hello cows lightly please
why is it comes oh why it's just a piece
of folded no big faster it isn't yeah I
think I made those change whatever the
hottest chilies are inside our calzone
Phenom my coffee man tell tell us about
this coffee place so basically this is
Gale and I decide it's the best coffee
in Chyzyk Oh
we've arrived back we're gonna pick up
Alan and then we are on our way to Wales
to their you know festival I left my
clothes drying I'm just collecting them
now Alan's in we are ready we're ready
to roll
we're gonna go buy a tent because me and
Alan and Dave have no it but wasn't it
way luckily they double up as the
world's biggest frisbees we are gonna
try the tents out just to make sure
they're working ok go Dave go yeah let's
get game there mate get in they're gonna
help us out help us out why not
it's our info see that wasn't hard I was
Allan Cole coming out soon Oh oh my gosh
wait why Dave just reverse into a pole
so I bumped into some viewers in the
service station and introduce yourselves
three
my gay need the command the EVAs you all
right I'm not wrong I think the car I
can't go left or right
can i I think they do this if you don't
do
we're here we're here at the festival
and I'm in the onesie dated Dave gave me
look Dave what's going on here man I
think I think we just got off the free
food which is the best welcome you could
possibly get after a six-hour journey
yeah
it's been a lovely night
we've just been sitting around the fire
sharing old stories listening to music
and it's gonna be a really fun chilled
by but this festival this weekend it's
now 3 a.m. the Sun was rising in the
horizon and we're gonna go to sleep so
I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
