hello and welcome to wonderfully now
make sure you watch all the videos in
this channel and subscribe to it
my name is Cameron and I hope you
enjoyed this video it's a great day
today I am relaxing to the max and I've
just been doing some work on my laptop
in our mum and that are we gonna cruise
over and hang out with Alan just like to
leave Darcys pointed out that my shorts
have got a massive ripping oh yeah look
at these rips you can just see his
underwear
Wow how did you not notice oh I knew
there's a little tear is that bad it's
it's a really bad I'm not wear these no
you can't and this is these shorts are
unsuitable to wear I call me both
exchanges shorts I'm just gonna try to
buy some at some point I got orange
I've got this big bags go away for the
weekend but they really need it it's
just it's gone my clothes in and some of
the dirty and stuff so I'm going to try
and wash some at Dave's house thanks for
the lift mum I've seen a few days but
I've arrived Dave's going for a jug of
Emily no tennis tennis quit hogging ok
tennis Dave's going for tennis tennis
playing with Emily Alan what we did Bob
can we borrow me some shorts oh no oh
maybe other night let's go there now
then we're gonna go for a stroll I'm not
sure what we're gonna do yet because I
don't think I'm gonna go to get shorts
this time of day
we tried a few places and the
Sainsbury's now might be an option but
we're not entirely sure because it's not
a big one
Oh what you see I can see pajamas if the
address I can make some shorts out of a
dress or women's wear turns out they
only have women's clothes
securing flavor well and children's
clothes I'm neither a woman or a child
regardless of my babies we've given up
so it's gonna get koster instant
pre-cooler guys is positive hot for
coffee right now and I just had two at
home okay so Alan this cake is made of
marshmallow no no and he's saying it's
not pronounced marshmallow it's finished
pronounced marshmellow say it
marshmallow marshmallow my friend Matt
going out to dinner and I still own a
hunting Shores so many shorts I've
chosen some shorts they're particularly
short shorts right you know I just need
some shorts there me
hi for another Wacom others oh yes keep
going what you're there man so me and
Matt have found an abandoned building
which we're gonna sneak into
we're just trying to be covert we're
having issues scaling this building you
can do it Matt
unfortunately there's no success today
the windows were boarded up but maybe
we'll come back and hope next time so
I'm back at Matt's house which also
happens to be Dave's house and Alan's
house they all live together tomorrow
I'm heading off early with Dave we I'm
gonna go hang out with Jack for a little
bit and maybe have a coffee with Dave
and then we're off to Wales in the
afternoon it's gonna be fun but it's
been really chilled today it's been nice
to finally have some time to chill and
again just a nice time with friends so
I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow and
you're gonna peace out enjoy life with
the adventure boom
