I've just had some lunch it's a
beautiful day today I forgot to tell you
guys I've got my bag back in forever
good old virgin delivered it I now on my
way to it's kind of like a celebration
thing for my friend who died last year
it's what would be his 21st birthday so
it's gonna be sad but I know a good time
for family and friends to gather
together and celebrate its life so turns
out today he's like a big rugby game in
honor of Marcus's a rugby player I just
had a long conversation with his dad and
it was very moving
so that was quite moving time I was
chatting to Marcus's dad Marcus is my
friend he died last year some of you may
have seen the America roadtrip videos
when we went in a school bus those are
dedicated to him he came on that beer
today was just kind of I guess in memory
of him a big kind of game of rugby and a
picnic he and his friends hanging out
and it was just great to kind of pop
along and and yeah just share the day
with people really and like I said
Marcus's dad he was just saying like
what it impacts the road trips and times
away Marcus had had with us had had on
his life
so I'm going to Stevens 21st birthday
party you may remember him from a
previous vlog this is my friend Vanessa
and we're gonna go find him now
so I'm in Kingston I'm just gonna go
slicing to a and just have a chilled out
evening I'm still feeling a little bit
jet-lagged
late night okay that's not talking about
what who think like hot chocolate
without cream or hot soda whipped cream
it's been an interesting day today I
mean it's been nice seeing friends it's
catching up Steven in a car and
Nathaniel and seeing Vanessa but I don't
know I guess going to Marcus's
remembrance thing early I just put me in
a very kind of reflective mood and I
just felt quiet today you know it's been
it's been interesting and I was actually
supposed to be at Glastonbury today with
Josh just record but due to some
miscommunication I didn't manage to go
but I am however joining him tomorrow at
Hard Rock Calling festival he's
performing there so that should be
pretty cool so I'm gonna head out
tomorrow morning and bring you guys with
me I'm gonna head to sleep now and yeah
catch guys tomorrow sorry it's been a
short one today but it's gonna be lots
of fun tomorrow peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
