yeah Melanie Lucy and I'm Dobie
good morning good morning Steve morning
I'm up early I was up at 7 a.m. for some
reason I just had you ever get up in
your Bing and then just life I'm not
gonna bad sleep good morning babe we are
working on a new branding for fun celui
for my channel yourself i what you
think about that being sleep have been
working all morning I've redesigned my
youtube banner Twitter banner Facebook
banner slick and sweet and now we're
taking bed out for a walk it's a lovely
day
so I just got a phone call from Heathrow
Airport saying that my bag wasn't put on
the flight and it's now coming on the
next flight and it's gonna be delivered
to me today so that's kind of cool
instead of popped out for some lunch
got chicken baguettes chips we center
below sleeve I love please can we come
to cafeteria chicken beer
guys it's hit me it hit me that I've
only had two hours sleep and got up at 7
a.m. it's now 3:00 p.m. and I am
shattered I need to have a little siesta
siesta time
all right Steve what's that loud noise
coming from your car I have no idea it
sounds like the exhaust pipes full of
Earth
what joy today sorry oh there's a
scraping noise alright why we've broken
it down in a bad place lift
I'm gonna try and get in to do I'm gonna
have to try and get into here okay try
and go listen to this noise guys it
sounds so bad
we are so confused I don't know what
that noise was
let's not see enslie guys I'm just gonna
crash out like an hour hopefully an
hour's powernow yeah that's right that's
right like guys I honestly slept like oh
yeah guys I'm designing a new logo some
of you may have seen on my YouTube
Twitter and Facebook of stuff I've done
some rebranding I'm now gonna animate
that intro and hopefully you'd have seen
at the beginning of today's vlog I'm
gonna start doing some more graphic you
kind of stuff on the intros and outros
every day let me know what you think
we've had a good day we're now going on
another walk with Bay and it's the
weather's kind of changed a bit such
morons it is actually like drizzling
rain now this is this is the England I
know this is England I was kind of
expecting to come back to
well this looks like yummy dinner looks
like it's gonna be a little steam so
excited these dancing guys this jetlag
is being hitomi I keep on like some I
fall asleep it's not that time yet right
meet Steve off the bed it's pretty
ladies my heart for him it's like I'll
finally get back into a good sleeping
past I think this is a good time to go
to sleep
see the morning when I was a squeaky
floor board we've had a very productive
day today me and Steve but I can imagine
it hasn't been that interesting to watch
because we've been sitting on our
computers all day so sorry about that
that's all good it's not gonna be worth
a few guys we've been working on some
designs for different things and videos
and stuff and tomorrow's gonna be fun
we're gonna be filming Steve's next
video which is the mixing Hugo I said
you haven't already go check out his
penny boarding video me and Herman been
filmed and tomorrow we're gonna film
some cool stuff so get ready there
aren't any I'm gonna go to sleep and try
and get some rest and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
