hey guys what's up
Irish I'm from Sydney Australia and
you're watching so I'm up and me and my
friend Matt are going to get some food
and pick up his car and do various
things this morning and I'm pretty told
did you ever get cold when you first
wake up your body isn't adjusted yet
it's been a nice morning and a nice
lunch and catch up with Matt he's now
driven me up to Battersea wherever
arrived to my double-decker bus for
those that you don't know this is my
double-decker bus and for years now I've
been parking it right by its Battersea
Power Station but they have said they
are going to be developing and they need
me to move it permanently I cannot park
it here anymore so I'm now moving it to
a new location and the bus hasn't driven
properly in almost a year now so we
could have some problems so for starters
my battery's dead so I've had to pull my
generator a lot gonna jumpstart my
batteries from my generator
another concern I have is that the
radiator is completely empty this bit of
a water leak so I'm going to fill up the
radiator with water I do have now I play
the waiting game and the batteries
charged up my bus is such a stayed I
don't even want to show you guys around
like literally from when me and master
Sam were in it last year we just left we
left to America we left but it's still
like we haven't even cleared up from us
a year ago now and there's like fights
and broken in that's like look see this
this is from mice we know about
Australia it's gonna be a fresh start
for the buses it's gonna be a new era
it's gonna be exciting well I've been
sitting here for about 45 minutes trying
to charge my batteries and they're still
not charged and now the generator would
have been charging them off has run out
of fuel now I'm trying to see if I've
got any spare fuel around if not could
be that we're screwed
alright here's a little update I there's
another bus parked next to mine which is
my friend Andy it's a charity project he
runs and I've had to go back to the
security gate get his keys I'm gonna try
and jumpstart the battery with his bus
and hopefully that works
those things are not going well it's
it's been another hour or so
we still can't get my bus started and I
need to move it today because I'm going
to straight it tomorrow there's no other
option and I'm really struggling I'm
really struggling dead something it's
all this like blue crusty stuff around
the
so I've got some other batteries I'm
going to type it in but they're not
quite the right size
I've now resorted to finding a
replacement battery for my multimeter
now this reads electrical currents and
I'm going to go to the batteries and see
which one's broken guy I got the bus
started it worked this very elaborate
plan worked already for the smoke this
is going to get cool
but it's all done I'm ready to roll that
took a lot longer than I anticipated and
hope but hopefully I get the bus to his
new home now goodbye darling
I'm now at a petrol station I've got my
spare can to fill out the generator to
try and charge the batteries up because
my alternator is not working I need to
wait for this coach to move so I can
park in and one thing I have noticed
which is a bit annoying is I am actually
leaking water where my radiators got
that leak
so I'm about five minutes into the trip
and I've had my first breakdown
basically the the batteries have run
flat already with is the alternator is
not working this is probably just
gibberish to a lot of you but the thing
that charges the batteries it hasn't
been worked for my bus so usually I use
my generator to charge them but my
generator stopped working and I don't
really know strong with air so my only
option really is to try fix our
generator and hopefully we get it all
working again and spin out 20 minutes
looking for an adapter for my drill to
open up the generator I eventually had
to do it by hand and now I'm trying to
figure out what's gone wrong which wires
come loose anything like that this is my
only option to get my bus batteries
charged again is to get the generator
working so if this doesn't work I'm
screwed horribly rude but it's been
about five hours now since I've started
trying to move the bus and it's really
getting to me now I don't really know it
today and I've had I've got so much
we're supposed to do today before
Australia and I've been up to do nothing
okay update is my dad's arrived to help
out the situation we've been here before
we decided the best thing to do is buy
the birthday get a tow truck out it's
gonna cook off slide 220 quiz to tell it
tonight but they can't come out for like
two hours so I'm gonna run home get the
other thing saw it
I haven't even uploaded my vlog here and
then come back and get it and get it
done right back home for a little bit my
dad's cook me some pasta I'm plugging
away getting somewhere my vlog done and
trying to pack tow trucks their balance
and that
that's incredible that slips if that
slips the Togo I have to take this out
of here otherwise you can't tow it so my
dad and me are back in the car and the
tow truck is following us to where we're
moving the bus to and hopefully it's all
gonna go okay
well she made it she made it and she
seems intact
alright the bus here it's new home for
the next few months until I get back
from Australia and sugar things let's do
it oh that was a bit of an ordeal to be
honest did not enjoy that well that was
not the most enjoyable of days but I've
survived I've survived and I'm still
feeling positive about tomorrow and
heading off and oh yes I'm just glad
that's all over buses can be a nightmare
if you've ever planning on buying a
double-decker bus lot of maintenance
lots of a grey alright I am probably
gonna stay up but on this side up here
and catch you guys tomorrow I'm gonna be
flying to Australia pretty much
tomorrow's vlog will be to me on the
plane all day but yeah I'll see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
