good morning guys
is our second day of training with bnh
in New York
I'm here with JP and we've got our lunch
ready to eat and we're ready to learn
lots of learning and hopefully we'll get
to take the ef5 it's only ever five
camera out today and this little head
shoot and then I've requested that we
can kind of look over the shoulder of
one of the colorist and just see how
they probably work with shooting flat
like shooting an X look so in a new
video majors out there you know I'll
talk about probably everyone else's like
what are you talking about so we'll show
you later on and it's just a way to make
the final movie with a lot better than
these blogs the aim
right this software is DaVinci Resolve
we're gonna have a little look at how to
color each log this is your waveform
monitor beyond zero Ayari to 100 you can
see goes a little bit above 100 so let's
add one only that's the 109 so in a
typical s log shot it kind of looks
compressed but all the information is
there so you can see this is flat this
image so if I've just goes onto the
curve and just make it a quick little S
curve I could see I'm expanding the wave
all via car bottom and it'll make it go
closer to the top today stretches out ah
yeah I have a much higher 50 dynamic
range because I'm going from the bottom
to the top say for the next hour or so
I'm going to shooting in s log format
which means the footage is going to look
a little bit different I'm probably
going to be able to grade it to match
the rest of the vlog but we'll give it a
go just getting used to shooting
different a practical and then we've got
the FS 5 we're going to be mounting the
zoom the h6 and their input these end
receivers have these on better audio
because normally I just use the onboard
audio the mics on there and the Sony
cameras will see how much better it is
vlogging with these and the other thing
I'm going to be playing around with
today is this variable ND filter and so
I can still shoot at a low aperture but
keep my shutter speed correct I've got
the LAV mic on and then that's going
through to the zoom and then essentially
that's just mounted on the camera it's
not connected to that which is
it's just mounted just fit that could as
easily be mounted on a spell or just on
I'm carrying it just make sense
okay audio test can you hear my voice it
sound good the puking or is it nice
right the let's test this is my business
how loud I'd be talking about logging in
this room outside I'll probably be
predicting a bit more because like
background noise I always think but I
don't know where they all here level is
amassed testing the mic we go okay okay
okay this is my gosh this looks crazy
overexcited I can't see a thing
does that look crazy overexpose eh yeah
I just don't understand
so let's tie professional by looking for
a cameraman so how do I adjust on the
fly the is oh my beep step to the side
you want to go to five Premier League oh
right
this is one that men owner to do is go
back into if you prefer
I'm just thinking if I'm if I quickly
want to like shoot like a normally do
like running and out of the shade into
sunlight like the program is a moment is
that's now too dark right yeah your
shadows are going to be noise 85 I find
like it likes you someone with a sunset
behind them I'll still get a lot of air
the detail of their face compared to
like about shooting in a different
letter because it's a 1.4 I'm seeing a
1.4 that will give you if there's giving
you more light on them I'll give you a
higher dynamic range
okay so much higher than their greens
but you're like more light you're going
to sear a face is going to have more
yeah okay I just you under me today if
you're not really like into camera
settings and you're not like a camera
geek you're probably just going to find
this whole vlog like really boring but
oh well you know that's what we're
talking about today
right we're back in our room and we are
watching some more documentaries tonight
to get some inspiration we're watching
the Louie through Scientology movie and
we're looking at how he does his kind of
interviews now obviously this is like an
investigative journalism documentary
where we're going to be doing things a
bit different interesting how people
dress is ivory right I'm heading to bed
managed to get like one laughs lot
edited time I haven't managed to look at
much of the S lock street is that the
style which we filmed offices today but
the discussion I've been having with JP
is like there's all these like correct
way to film cinematically that to me
don't make a lot of sense for you know
when we're going to be running around
filming and not having time to change my
settings and because we're not
experienced in filming some the things
I'm worried that we'll end up getting
wrong and not having usable footage so
for instance one of the things in Beslan
footage is if you don't have exposure
right you end there going really great
footage
so we're thinking today then you just
forget it maybe we just find like a
color profile like I was just filming
standard color profile and you can still
be some grading on it and then maybe
those really harsh environments is you
know really bright areas dark shadows
maybe we could try and film if you cliff
in their lava but other neurons you guys
think of any of you guys film
professionally and whether you could
have a questionnaire or whether it's
just something you're taller films go to
the correct thing uh tonight they're
coming in as a blogger community but
this doesn't make any sense to me but
I'll be watching this YouTube videos
throughout tonight about s log and all
versus just a machine standard profile
just doesn't make any difference to me
it often looks better just keeping it
standard profile maybe you get bit more
color information but other name I think
we will be doing we probably don't need
to and then it does maybe think it was
this last couple of days wasted at all
we were it kind underling but I think
never never think like I do you did you
if you come to conclusion often you have
to go through the process is about trial
and error and I feel like I'm more
educated but even with that education I
still feel like we've got goosed up here
we go good cell going on anyway we'll
see we'll see what happens very bigoted
in a very educational thing and sorry
with broad you guys villages this being
an important part of our learning
process
and next up I think with each a try gets
them to you guys through the process
we're going to go through for like the
whole kindest storyboarding as much as
we can at the trip over here lot of
spontaneous but hopefully we can we
build a good story they'll make a good
documentary for people to watch or I
tend be setting up nikuman hours and
then I'm flying tomorrow night back to
last week fly to Paris me on a briar and
then we're driving down to Mike's
wedding that is the plan and all
guys in the morning peace out into life
with affection
