hi I'm Eric and you just opened up a can
of fun for Louie
today we are off to race track this is
going his fist up and we're gonna be
racing it am I gonna get to drive set up
I got hopefully I'll get to drive yeah
and we're gonna drive really fast it's
breakfast time
guys this is something I don't
understand why we don't have it in
England is the locking petrol pumps why
don't we look the Petrobras so much
easier it is super warm we're here in
the middle of the desert we're about to
go racing it turns out I'm not gonna be
able to drive the car because I can't
fit crash on there on my head and it's
compulsory because I've got such a big
head so it's kind of upsetting but we're
gonna we're gonna have to see it's gonna
have some fun I've set up a live preview
of the going around the track
watch your drink
how did you find your drawers there was
good there's a good Drive good job man
good job so I'm gonna drive back get the
boys my skit from the back what do you
say I think we got a good GoPro footage
we've recorded some GoPro footage I just
need to collect the GoPro now without
losing it so oh no I think I play I
think I'm counting with no man oh well
oh my god he doesn't have what it takes
you know how wicked your blue card
Smurfs are blue they backed out real
quick because white ain't no Louise
behind the wheel
that was a fun toy that wasn't fun droid
oh there you know that feeling when you
stretch you guys know what time it is
it's hot tub time I feel incredibly
relaxed no that was like we did like two
hours here's a longer wait maybe two
hours we now just get something to eat
and watch a movie perfect evening
well I've got very big meal this is
massive thank you red leather jacket
sexy model try to be seer okay by the
way guys I forgot to treat you earlier
this is Edwin hey what's up I'm sexy
everyone a subsection type of hey
basically C is going to Las Vegas
tomorrow and I can't join him because
I've got things I need to do
so I'm going to be going to San Diego
with Sawyer and Marcus and tonight I'm
gonna go and stay with Alexa because
she's nearby and it's easier to get
picked up from there so that's where I'm
heading now so now with Edwin he's
kindly giving me left telexes right it's
the end of the day I'm at Alexa's but
it's very late she's gone to bed and I'm
up super early so I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow for a fun day at the zoo with
Sawyer and Marcus okay peace out enjoy
life nifty adventure boom
