hey what's up I'm Chad soon I'm from
Melbourne Australia and you're watching
fun for Louie so today I've managed to
get up a bit earlier get some work done
in the morning and now having lunch with
mum let's look at pastor salmon kind of
fried veg thing looks nice right just
popped outside I've been meaning to do
this for a while I've got a concept idea
where i want to get photo of in size
Rodney and I'm going to use it as an end
screen steal my vlogs where you click on
to other things and you know to other
videos and all that I need to give Darcy
him her fairy lights back writing like
this kind of sharp here may be sent out
that good shot this is kind of working
go get my penny board in there look at
this professional photo shoot does he's
gonna give me a hand filmy successful
video shoot I pulled that clip onto my
computer and I'm now just playing around
cutting it out i'm going to do a
different background to it and stuff The
Audacity of jumped in the car we're
going to go pick up Hilary and her
husband adam and we're going to have a
big family fun night tonight cuz I'm
gonna be away Christmas so I'm Hillary's
good way for Christmas and this is anas
dad's birthday next month and I've in
Australia so is your next week
next week oh I'll still be in Australia
feeling a deliverer okay we didn't hear
that well we're where we've got things
are hand-cut look at this boy that isn't
that cool I want to serve this I want a
moniker grab some sprouts they are
purple Brussels sprouts on the stems
cheaper Z this year so where was all
this so i go i didn't even know process
we're screwed yeah i'm going to actually
cook it on that and we're going to sit
on the table that natural yeah yeah
yeahs roast dinner merry early christmas
more than a month top this time Merry
Christmas is supposed to be diluted Oh
concentrate wow I like that is strong
cranberries so we just realized Hilary
my other sister for those of you who
don't know is the only one in our family
now without a youtube channel so we need
to pester her to do her music and get
some videos up don't we hear ya coming
next year 2014 watch out I'm gonna find
Josh and asking the rules on this game
that you can play with scrabble pieces
because we want to pay little game was
dads cooking the roast dinner hi josh is
Hillary yeah and so you don't by the end
of the game it doesn't matter like this
scores it's just literally first person
to finish wins yeah thanks for telling
us the the roads because I'd forgotten
them
now this seems like an extremely boring
game but I promise you is is officer I'm
not wonderful words it's not about it is
i love i love this game it seemed better
than real scrabble right the rules are
you take five pieces h3 and then you
turn them around make a word or the
combination of words like a crossword
style and then when she was completed it
you then take two more we will all take
two more and then you have to keep on
making a crossword ok let's go mum 1 hey
the oldies Goldie's have it oh oh yes
we've tied it up from the games and the
man is ready when I'm gone over time
I've never seen Brussels sprouts from
their store that's amazing you feeling
christmassy Josie Christmassy and tired
deep fryer no one but stupid place hey
jingle bells jingle when it looked at it
at that
yeah we'll be doing that cuz there's
little bells on the crackers at
Southside 30 we had a delicious meal
together now dropping Hillary nadam at
the train station they go back home see
you later when i'm back and i'm cracking
up with some work i keep getting
distracted by um have any of you seen
this new 24 hours of happy four hours
new music video 24 hour music video it's
really a bit there I am I should
probably just have it like playing on
the screen next to me isn't working
that'd be good I've got this image and
I've spent a while cutting out so I just
popped in a little sunset right up
pleasure I was lighting just to get that
looking a bit more like you're inside
it's darker around here I just need to
get the screen looking a bit more likely
to win screen the finish with the
workers trying to get done tonight and
they have such a good day hanging out at
home see my family I know I've been
hanging out at home a lot last couple
weeks but don't worry real adventures
start soon when I go to Australia in a
couple of days um right I've got
something important to tell you guys
before I go it's the 23rd today when i
upload this a 24 hour livestream charity
event called stick aid has started at
midday today in his ending tomorrow
sunday the 24th so you can tune in watch
that support it get involved on link
everything below if you're in london and
want to come see me on stage tonight if
you're watching this today when I
uploaded it
is also links below but click through
and what's the live stream it's for a
good cause UNICEF get involved right I'm
going to leave you there and tell me if
you like my outro when you're out ray
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
