hi my name's Tom and your chitta from
fillory we are on our way to go and hang
out with soya and marcus and help them
shoot Marcus is 1 million subscriber
video right we're here we're gonna be
shooting the video there's a lot of
stuff to build today so I don't know how
much I'll be vlogging that will kind of
that I'll keep you updated how you
feeling Marcus I'm really excited to get
out there so I've been sent on a little
errand don't collect some Subway
sandwiches
apparently this area is relatively
dangerous but
I don't know doesn't seem that bad I was
saying the guys I'd actually love to
live around here I think it's very easy
to live in a kind of safe bubble of like
a wealthy neighborhood and a lot of
things not being today in LA seems
relatively safe like they kind of
suburbs or like kind of enclosed
apartment complexes this is real and
this is like this is this is real this
is a public pay phone if someone must
have got really angry at it look so got
the sandwiches I'm heading back now I
might take a little detour walk through
slid right
little detour match the venue we're
filming it apparently this is skid right
it's kind of burn its kind of
interesting a lot of people living on
the street
see us having a little sleep because we
got to pet at 6:00 a.m. you got a bit at
7:00 a.m. oh so you got one hours sleep
are you're crazy man
I've been asked to do some
behind-the-scenes photography today I'm
gonna get us a nice wide angle shots of
the whole
I'm collecting lunch for everyone I've
gone to get pizzas
here's a very hot day today everyone
I've got the pieces
I'm so tired
instead I think I fell asleep while
slave the pieces in the table it's a
time oh yeah okay and if you saw Louise
camera here filming a video flora
Marcus's 1 million subscribers
celebration
hi I'm mando and I'm Isaac and subscribe
to our Channel
Oh h8 those boys yeah
now me how do you think that film is
going have a long nap and I'm still
trying to cheer it is so high in this
building it's kind of weird walking
around earlier and a skid row and just
seeing all the people living homeless
you know I see people living homeless in
other cities and London but not in such
a concentrated space with so many people
I was thinking maybe at some stage this
year I can actually live homeless for a
week and kind of vlog it and experience
it and and kind of see what it's like to
be in that situation and share that with
you guys it could be kind of quite
powerful experience
so nearing the end of the show about you
going to world furious orbital filming
but you ain't have to wait too long
it's the beginning we've got takeout
Thai food
so we're all furnished up now we're
heading over to Rebecca Black's 16th
birthday boy
the way CJ
happy birthday
do you remember that
we're going crazy were you taking a
party why is her Beckham why she's been
taping everyone
it's 3:00 in the morning the party is
over that was a pretty awesome house
party we're heading out we're heading
back home and I'm very tired because I
have literally only slept like two hours
since yesterday so I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
