my name is Sophie from Australia and
you're watching fun fillory hey guys
it's me seer so lily not gonna go for a
quick drive gonna go down the mac stores
being as mac replaced we're gonna take a
drive in my Ford Fiesta would you be
really cool I really sure let's go this
is Nico so Lily it was like I want to
explain to people how you got this color
so what I did is I I just made a video
saying like I want to drive that next
year's model Ford Fiesta so we're
driving a 2014 SP model the Fiesta which
hasn't been released yet so yeah we're
we're driving it now they gave me the
car for eight months and they had me do
monthly missions like go to a racetrack
and do this go do this blah it up cruise
we've popped in to a shopping center to
try and get my Mac look that there's
some dead pixels on my screen I need to
get my screen replace that they don't
have the part in store so we have to
drive now to another Apple store and get
and get it stored there we're gonna stop
for a little food and the coffee or sang
fair
navigation climate before us be asking
what can I say will always bring up a
list of active command for sink support
navigate navigation say a command
navigate Pio I to get started with a
destination street address press
donation intersection or destination
destination Pio I how would you like to
search by name or by category name
sorry how would you like to search by
name or by category to search somewhere
else say change state or problems name
right now we are searching for points of
interest in California yes how you like
to search by name by the category
annoying they can also change state or
province by name
and where would you like to search there
we go or in the city in a city
hmm almond in California say the city
name Chamonix
sorry say just the city name Sherman
Oaks
say the name of the PLI I'm sorry
say a line number five number one line
number one for the screen to be replaced
now I well I've got a backup laptop
which I'm gonna be using for editing so
we're all get worlds in whilst waiting
for traffic to die down were coming for
a little romantic stroll in a park
dilemma
I wanna post one of these new videos on
Instagram but I'm stressing out I don't
know what to post on Instagram like I
just want to place an image on Instagram
I don't really want to post the video
clip but now there's all this pressure
like I have to place the video clip so
I've done this just like extended shot
of the sunset with people walking past
is that interesting enough I feel like a
picture of the sunset it's more
interesting and then if I posted to
Facebook people are gonna have to click
click play and be like why did he post
this this is just a video of some people
walking Instagram crashed and I lost my
video I have no idea where I lost it
maybe I'm just not meant to post videos
on Instagram right now we've got a fun
evening planned but before we start it's
it's food time it's dinner time at
Denny's the me and Cyr were just
chatting about some plans for a video
we're making and the guy that's serving
us at Denny's was just like what's that
and we're like oh we're just don't let's
talk about like a trailer yeah and then
use like our sounds good I'm I'm a I'm
around for like two days a week or
enough like two days a week if like
maybe I and who's like invited himself
it's like I can't we we're going to
target to get some props film he's
filming tonight yeah it's gonna help
them oh yes I got to get my fresh pet
select sausages oh yeah gourmet okay I'm
gonna be playing a I'm gonna be playing
a thug in Stefan's new video and these
are my lines I'm like oh yeah I like
your jacket
drop your wallet hurry up and the jacket
these get is this good acting this is
good acting
I will stab you slug give me your wallet
that was actually really fun I haven't
haven't really done any acting before
but not for learning I think they'll be
quite cool to learn to act that's the
end of the night tomorrow we getting up
super early
we're helping Marcus film his million
subscriber video which I think still top
secret and yeah I have to get up at like
8:00 in the morning or something crazy
so I'm gonna go to bed but I'll catch
you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
burning
