why can't I leave on Toronto and you're
watching Tiger Lily we are hitting up
Chipotle
it's a daily Starbucks position this is
open now we just we just walked into the
property is this trespassing this isn't
trespassing we didn't break this should
be on your house I wear only help that's
why I didn't bring a hoodie guys and
it's kind of getting chilly but it's
beautiful view which makes up
got to come down to the beach during the
day and do some surfing or swimming I
think that's the way to do this just
made it through there I only got a
little bit wet
we are at the Grove we're gonna meet up
with soya and Marcus and everyone and
we're gonna have my food together yeah
everyone the crowd this is the grass you
want
look who is guys reunited some of you
might not even know soya any new
subscribers you guys need to jump the
hand this is the man jump back three
months and see what life is about
Marcus is heading off no me we're gonna
head back to Sawyer's house I'm gonna
see hitch I'm gonna get some stuff I
left there ages ago reunited the last
three hours
this goes so strange guys you don't
understand hey do you remember me here
delicious look look what it is it's the
Masters chair and it's the bomb but more
more importantly the Masters met massage
seers been showing us some videos he
hasn't put public yet but he needs to
finish one of them they're incredible
you guys are in Infosys in for a storm
infrastop install for a trick wait I
don't know this thing anyway so so is
offered to help him film the ending of
one of these videos and it's we're gonna
do it now just spontaneously this is
gonna be awesome
yeah that's the first we have about 2
a.m. where we're off we're going really
we filmed filming was success to let
hitch
I don't know if you remember but when I
was getting close to the airport when
Marcus and Tyler we couldn't go and pick
up some stuff from Sawyer's house
because I planned everything really
badly and I was gonna miss the plane so
that's why I left lo stuffers for his
see what's going on man see is gonna
train me to be a machine at my physical
peak Sears been teaching me techniques
on boxing we've been down there like an
hour now and it's actually so late that
people are coming down to the gym before
they get to work and remix bed yesterday
we're gonna head up to bed
and they'll catch you guys tomorrow
we're doing a party tomorrow we're going
to the fullscreen party there's gonna be
the laser people there so I'll see
tomorrow peace out
enjoy life a little bit venture boot
