hi my name is Janice and I'm from Kuala
Lumpur Malaysia I'm living in Moscow
Russia and you're watching fun Tolui
enjoy well I'm still in bed and it's
like 2:30 in the afternoon I'm totally
on Canadian time still I don't really
know what I'm doing today I just want to
sleep since for like 11 hours as well
it's good
finally dragged myself out of bed use
one light breakfast then yeah
my forehead out tonight I'm throw some
laundry and apiece run out of those well
it's been a very late start to the day
it's already dark outside even though
it's like 5:00 here
I've stopped off at some petrol on the
way to Ben's I haven't seen him since a
little bit from Canada so we're gonna go
hang out Oh little bed in an apron it
was very hungry I'm gonna make this oh
oh yes mrs. Brown babes yeah and this is
brown mate
oh yeah and now and take your monster
yeah yeah no I guarantee you that you
won't die from eating one day you're
gonna have to sign this waiver okay it's
been quite fun doing it yeah mmm
look at these cupcakes at Bentley making
you enjoy making cakes better Hey
yeah I made this little smiley face man
you can guess it this designers hey Froy
I'm heading off Ben's giving me some
cupcakes to take with me
I'm going that'll brighten to see
everyone and got one here for Alfie and
Zoe's the most little pair of cupcakes
just like them they like oh that's nice
coaching I've been it's good to see him
his mum baking together and like I said
I'm now going on to Brighton to hang out
with Alfie Zoe I think Tyler and Troy
are going to be down there
looking a funny thing
I've arrived Zuri's fighting I'm cooking
pizza these guys are eating white wine
gums how is your journeys under chef
Louie not cooking your meat nothing
already cooked no I faked it I did the
dollar doesn't matter he's happy proud
did you guys have a fun journey now from
London
no was very fun it was terrible boom we
got so while we were making show show
them the faces we made up no no it's not
we were making each other do different
things with our faces so I would okay so
watch I'll give them my command and yes
do it okay
get in get in the frame no I I'm done
chewing put your eyebrows down now flare
your nostrils no bite down with your top
job
no wiggle your ears that's what we've
been doing for the past like hour and a
half that good for the people were
watching oh so you just fill makeup on
the floor but she's doing a good job
it's coming out very clean I was telling
you is made up of squashed up fairies
everyone this happens that's just I
didn't tell a whole new LP slab Oh we'll
just um we just solar starting stories
new video guys do not look like that
booth is chilling us food Alfie cook I
got turned into a girl I forgot to give
you your cupcakes from better they got a
little bit squashed they got a little
bit school been made them can I leave it
here me talk yeah yeah yeah
try mine now he was literally making
them when we when we left his house
don't buy that suffer me yeah you can
ask that he won't mind you know so like
a feed it ya doin some troika Toria as
well assemblies or something that you
just pulled out mmm man but we're gonna
go out now out in the town you guys
ready to roll
that was awesome
yes Brighton so in the club some girl
one of the photo with us and then she
decided to spare her lipstick all over
my shirt
much better yeah like second that was
you thanks a lot
are you eating that whole beans to just
bang uh-huh oh did you watch no no the
GoPro I want you to have something that
you are also okay it's look at Tyler and
Troy they're pieces look at Zoe we've
had he says well Zoe I'm dropping these
guys off oh good night Louie no baby
see in the morning go into a new club
where me and Alfie are going to a drama
base night can we talk yep you have such
stamina I'm a grandma and I'm gonna be
put to bed
night night good night listen to that
guys
that's a proper sound system and there
I'm looking forward to this you're
looking forward to a drum and bass night
outfit I've got
you have a good night out for here man
that that's so easily the others
missed out perfect amount of time as
well like we literally just went in
there for like an hour so good yeah it's
only like 4 a.m.
Oh what awesome night laughter on my
bass very much and this could hang with
everyone I'm gonna get some sleep and
then we'll get out for brunch tomorrow
and we're meeting Marcus as well have
another nice brunch peace out
enjoy life in the big venture then
