hi I'm Gavin I'm from Canada and you're
watching Buffalo I've been editing all
morning I'll always go down the shops
and get some food hey I got a penny
board down there just to wake up a
little bit so this part is just behind
my house that my childhood pop there's
so many cool memories and some not so
cool I was once and trying to climb over
here and I had my feet in here and and
as I went to jump my feet got caught in
here and I just went oh we got trapped
bang headfirst lucky you didn't get your
injured another funny story to this
height barrier this'n used to be here it
was just this one here so when I used to
have a minibus I drove my minibus in
here once I was like yeah that fits it
I'll show you what happens I was driving
in here and basically the ceiling goes
lower and I ended up hitting
and knocking off one of these
fluorescent tube lights
so come down to our local supermarket
and I felt inspired to cook today
because like that's been cooking a lot
and obviously he started his tricking
Channel which I'm sure you guys to see
so I thought why not give it a go
you taught me now for you to make
spaghetti bolognaise the other day on
there try making a curry today I've got
my ingredients
I just before I go in my dad's asked me
to find the mechanics about this guy
he's had some troubles as you know I was
breaking down last month it was
overhearing us having to hop up the
radiator constantly my dad thinks either
the water pumps broken or something some
of that or thermostat saying I don't
really know about mechanics just a quick
question
I'm sharing a car with my parents at the
moment it's a it's a Peugeot 206 it's
it's had some trouble overheating I've
been topping the radiator up and it's
it's beans kind of severely overheating
to the point where it's just been
cutting out and I can't really drive it
anymore
diagnosis over the phone is that it's
probably the head gasket I don't really
know what that means but apparently it's
a big job
which isn't cool not cool right I think
Darcy's out tonight so it's my dad my
mom's coming back she got an early train
to Manchester she's coming back so it's
he cook for three eight to Papa dogs I
thought let's get a trifle just because
my light rifle I've got some rice we've
probably got some more rice as well as
your chutney for the pocket on now I
went for a sauce that was ready-made
because I think I need to come there
ease into this whole kitchen thing my
dad can I teach me how to make a proper
curry another time and then I got this
deal on this ticket so I think I'm going
to long kissing like stop boiling that
and stop frying this up and then I guess
I just like stir this and I think I just
have to cook this chicken until they
goes white so glad you know why you can
eat raw beef but not raw chicken easy
kick 12 to 15 minutes
fifteen minutes this has got like two
sections it's got like a seasoning on
the top which you want to mix in with a
chicken first oh and then and then I'll
put the sauce in my dad's got back hey
how's your dad work yeah busy that work
and fun are you proud of me it's not a
price and cooking I'm salivating okay I
just heated the poppadoms up to four
minutes they should be ready the rice
needs straining guys
would you like some mango and orange
juice tough
cheers that Cheers
so literally just sat down to eat and
then my mum phoned and said she's at the
train station to get picked up so we're
waiting we're gonna pick up my mum then
we can all eat together
nice hey mom all right eating dinner
together take two guys you know I was
staying in Canada with slacker and
Kendra check out this this is the
fundraising Kickstarter page it's up
we've got a little video about the cafe
and incentives and stuff you guys should
go check this out I'm linking it below
and yeah can see if you want to get
involved and support Ervin we're going
to we're gonna do some cool ins
incentives so check it out
well it's been a very nice day relaxing
your home I've got some fun stuff
planned this weekend
and I'm gonna take my hammer lemon and
ginger tea up to bed
I'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
