good morning guys I've just woken up my
tent in the middle of the forest we we
stayed here last night mrs. Dave's
forest that he's living in with his
cabins and yeah we just celebrated
Mike's doctor yesterday so we had all
the lads stay in here we had a little
campfire and yeah now we're all heading
out to a local pub for breakfast yeah
this is good fun good fun yesterday I am
yeah
I enjoy being me all the guys and yeah
slept well as well as we're leaving I'm
just admiring Dave's veggie patch Dave
quick tell us what you're growing again
well we got a virtual spinach kale
beetroot courgette and in here we've got
potatoes okay
oh thanks cool titled white get this one
there we go
no way you didn't grow that hey no you
good and King Edward red potatoes hey
good job so he did all of this to you
for those queering a month
but those sweet corns grew in a month in
a month
yes bro yeah the pallets that we just
put together the soil was waste product
from growing mushrooms I've had a mentor
who taught me a lot but okay well done
yeah thanks Adam for working
all of it eatin stuff yet oh yeah I made
forgets four people the other day
obviously we didn't even get to the
cheese but then like to walk over and
just grab all the spinach leaves and
fill up the baguettes with them amazing
feeling yeah I've never really even
cooked for people let alone growing the
food end to end from my soil doesn't
over let you just realize that the
leaves there a taste is in history
they've I'm very impressed
whoever's done that being good you
should get what they thank you
thanks pain pleasure money went in
philippi urine through there all right
they've just left those everyone else
now I'm cruising back to story with Andy
so instead of having better story
and these invited me to somewhere near
Oxford to go in there a test drive of a
jet board like a jet surfboard on this
Lake so we're going to go and see what
we need to do I think potentially we
might be looking at buying one let's
give it a little diaper okay this is Moe
and siggy they're going to show us how
to use the jet board we're going to show
you everything yeah give us all the info
we've got one cylinder two-stroke engine
nine out of CC 96 91 to
good at that twins foot on the wetsuit
I'm pretty pumped for this liquid get
quite powerful alright and ease up
first you confident and II just need to
lay on end hold on and then just go full
stroll and ease up
is that right that's it
we're learning how to standard inner oh
yeah so this is what we're aiming to
learn guys in the next hour if they're
to stand up and kill it up oh oh I
really enjoy doing the line down and
they're kneeling so I'm I'm pretty
confident the standing up is going to be
incredible
I'm wearing this silly hat none of the
helmets save me
all right how is that hard where I'm
going at my final attempt I'm hoping get
a couple of good laps in standing up
okay we're done for today I'm exhausted
but very happy that I'll manage to stand
up and felt confident just like carving
yeah how did I do how do we both do
yes first attempt but you did a little
better and the you are killing it and
we've decided we'll the aim is to
ambitious but we want to try and cross
the channel at some point in the near
future maybe beginning of August we got
a month if it all goes to plan we need
to do three more days of training we
could do I think we could do it if you
want to try this out and I highly
recommend you do maybe come down with a
couple of mates I'll link these guys
below and they just said if you email
them tell them I sent you and they'll
give you extra time on the lake we are
where are we again we're near Oxford oh
yeah we're near Oxford this is the
website rebel Sir Tom yeah yeah rebel
says calm check them out and yeah you're
up for a fun afternoon this is probably
the funnest thing you could do right
with a rice bucket and ease I am going
to stay here tonight absolutely
exhausted yeah it's been a crazy day
actually been a crazy weekend lots of
water activities I'm so glad that we
managed to find a place to take us up
jet boarding I've been eyeing up for a
while I've seen a few videos online and
like I said yet check them out if you
want to go out there not too busy The
Hunger many bookings so I would highly
recommend
that mean and they're planning some
pretty epic adventures like I said still
don't know whether we're going to buy
one I feel like quite a big investment
they're pretty expensive but hopefully
we can at least for now just kind of
rent them and take them out for the day
and stuff but yeah I got a pretty
chilled week planned but it's nice to be
back in the UK and to be hanging out
with friends and yeah I'm just going to
be spending the rest of the evening
doing some laptop Club catching up my
vlogs I just ordered to be very some
Thai food and yeah I will catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
