hi my name is live I'm sitting on the
roof and you're watching fun falou enjoy
I'm about to leave Canada I'm heading
back to America the bees not actually
coming with me
she's just let me thank you bye from the
day she's been an amazing host to lucky
baby back on the road back on the road
okay so I've got three hours just over
three hours to get back down to Seattle
to return the car don't think I've left
enough time but see
I'm approaching the US border again not
sure what's going to happen hopefully
there's no problems you never know you
never know borders London England
my luxury the border okay having a quick
food break and a hungry between us
almost in Seattle I'm actually feeling
very rested I think you know it's just
chilling with the day in the last few
days - thank you
good evening
I'm almost at the airport I've just
filled up and I'm just about to return
the car and I've actually got any time
before my flight so I'm going to catch a
shuttle to the airport now
Airlines at this stop our Alaska
American
JetBlue Southwest
I'm actually uploaded in yesterday's
vlog and for its wife ice Rossum
building hopefully upload the time
landed in LA I tried my hardest upload
on the plane but be of low speed is
terrible so I should find internet
somewhere else I'm now walking to get my
bag and meet Alexa a thing Alexis is
picking me up they made me check my bag
but if the plane is so full so I now
have to wait at the luggage belt
I rarely do this
so I've arrived in LA I'm here with
Rebecca
Ricky's Alexa Connor and I've got this
food I don't know what it is Alexa gave
it to me what is this it's kind of nice
like I'm not used to salads but you know
I don't know what this is what is this a
root beer float we don't have these in
England
these guys are off what a day
another day of traveling I'm I'm
crashing Alexa's couch for a few days
and then other nights where I'm staying
but it's but you'll be pleased to hear
guys that I'm gonna be staying put for a
little while so no more hectic traveling
in exhaustion we're gonna get to some
fun I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
my name is Beck and this is a quote by
John bear keep close to nature's heart
and break clear away once in a while
climb a mountain or spend a week in the
woods
wash your spirit clean thanks for
watching fun for Louie
