hello I'm Alex it's my 15th birthday
today and you are watching fun for Louie
good morning i am going on stage in
about 40 minutes and i have enough
breakfast and i haven't even planned
what we're doing so I'm going to go at
me Nadine and we're going to have a
little chat about the whole thing I
didn't see you did good man good I could
have slept a little bit more to be on it
it's problem we've arrived in the
screening room cinema place and this is
tip as a guy hey we're gonna have some
fun no means you're on the big yeah
my name is Tim vegan Oh God 19 here with
me Lily over here we are going to be
showing things to you guys you're gonna
watch them you guys can be the first to
hear it we were doing it all over again
we were doing the road trip 2013 it's
happening in like two weeks we're going
to be an Australia this time drips all
courtesy to cheeky and it's happening
very very soon very very soon two weeks
you guys will start to see all
information the videos and public
opposed to the weather yeah oh yeah or
shirts yeah masing it's like summer down
there right now isn't it it's so good ok
yeah so we'll offer you must so
subscribe fall everybody and make sure
you guys are following the contiki
channel because that's where the videos
will be life is about building
experiences and you know enjoying every
moment for me and I mean I guess that's
what motivates me is on a look back over
my life and just then wow I just make
sure you guys subscribe in the we'll see
you soon well that was a lot of fun that
went better than I thought it was the
nation
what no I just wasn't there we didn't
even talk about what we were doing until
like 10 minutes of food stylist so we've
finished the screening it's a lot of fun
met up with slack up he lives in Toronto
and he actually makes amazing music
which I've been using a lot of my blogs
and we've met London a few years ago so
I'm gonna be hanging out in today and
like next couple of days off the bus
better wins
lunchtime that's time
I'm probably got a little lie down for
half now because really yeah let's see
my clothes on your bed look how messy
most out of the room is up now on my way
to my meet up and get to me a lot of
Canadian viewers I had a splitting
headache this was just lying down a
little bit a film or they'll going today
we're here
you got your me LC how's it going i'm a
little bit late man i'll spill it rough
i'll be i do alright so me and steven
gore own table the glue name tags and
we're going to be meeting these lovely
people so Nadine actually she's flying
back to Vancouver and I'm not little
Australian but be fun it's been fun
other days but we're going to get to
hang out properly thanks it whoa my
cheeks are home smiling your cheeks him
yeah here man like every bird so we've
met with coil you may recognize it from
one of the intros a few weeks back and
we're going to skate around for a little
bit maybe backside OH let's go
we're chilling back in the hotel room
doing some editing we're covering a
little bit from running around and meet
up stuff hayleyandsteve good night and
we've tidied up let guys cleaned up
because hopefully grace is heading up
and we're going to film a club video
together we're not sure quite what we're
doing yet but it's gonna be a lot of fun
grace is here and we are doing our
collaboration video today very excited
it's taken us like an hour to get the
camera setups we've got a little
audience here ah is very engaged yeah
yeah we're not very very productive well
me and Grayson clearing up from the
video we filmed this is a clue to this
is a clue to maybe what happened but I'm
not gonna tell you exactly what happened
haha goes in take it away man back as to
the window Hey look at me with
my sling dog across the face don't give
a crap English boy get map laughing
consumes abundant Hey look at me now I'm
groaning whoa whoa almost died we are
gathering in the lobby ready to go a
liqueur bumps into his gin hey how's
your day been it's been going
turns out we're going to a sports bar
this bowling there and we're going to
grab some food and I'm feeling good I'm
feeling much better like it earlier
really unhappy yes finally the food
arrived is that it's a really spicy
burger apparently I'm going to test this
out she custom made me a spicy burger
dunno oh yeah yeah so give it good in
there we found Sawyer sitting over the
other side of the bar I was over there
drinking I had no idea you guys were
here
space play this game with beer mats it
you got that man
wow it's yummy how is very yummy where
you got the water with some cherries in
it yeah so we found that Britain boy in
the hotel everyone seems to be here this
is this is a pretty nice room Cory got
some juice through yeah geez whoa I
think you've run out of arguments here
haha we're getting told off by the
security look at this guy oh let's two
of them are we're in trouble we are in
trouble what what just happened the
party is wound down i'm heading back to
the home to edit it's been a good day
it's been a it's been a fun day awesome
filming me grace can't wait to show you
guys those videos and like it had this
morning I'm going to Australia with
contiki which is happening in a few
weeks I'll be all right we have asked
you to stop lying please lot of other
youtubers as well as really fun I'll
catch you guys with these guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life Livia Livia hmph
