good morning guys going back in the UK
flew in yesterday and today is Mike
Morse tank dude and we've just pulled up
oh my gosh look at the bite so yeah the
first activity of today is that we're
going on and we're going on a big
adventure along the river I don't know
where a heading but it's good because I
see do have you got spot them in your
bike already look at a cyclist proof I
also think it's a 50 ok
how you feeling Mike my ear bill me
roping yeah good rear bumper bro don't
need your car do not pop it oh it is
Larry McGee
whoa oh I almost probably flipped over
there
Oh guys listen it is right did your boat
Mike well you know God again I'm born in
I'm boarding the bye
I do it baby
and in our careful with the cameras oh
well my shoe the filthy very sure what
we got going on these guys though see
you later mate all right so you're right
over there
what's happening here is the Louie info
being long edge they wanted us to show
them but challenges we didn't want to
tell so we're just waiting to come out
for life with making zero progress so
Andy has boys electric motor from our
boat to save the day so we're just going
to put that in the boat and see what
happens this is going to save the day
who stays are they yeah dad
Oh
joy look out look out shallow is you
might fall out yeah we might you can see
that ripple there really some sake of my
life jacket like it alright turn that
plane out
I will move it's going to be me and JP
in a month flying around the world we
could pick that out only now oh oh I
knew I'd be nd nd nd guilty like we've
we've got a proper little convoy now so
that's why I say did it with Mike
earlier Mike towed 1302 walking and yet
I don't know we do many more I don't
then we do many more so we've been
waiting for the last three hours that
I'd change but it looks like it's not
going to change so I just going very
slow we need to figure out that yeah
side of it I think time and use on this
side to do slower than walking for sure
all these south of the river
with the change in the gold we could be
out and together but you have places to
go
what's in the sunshine leave the gray I
don't know why you were they you should
call South Boston love is old last time
with the UH think I'd place I think
Vienna is make a right time to time to
dock and pet inflamed lunch I'm hungry
that was that was an adventure
definitely an adventure that's good
teamwork it's a massive boat we
made it work even though the tie didn't
bring us in we've only come about a
quarter of the way that we plan to but
it's still a lot of fun
wow this is a very quaint little pub all
right you have a nice walk oh I just had
a little beverage packet of crisps and
we've decided that we're going to
continue going because look how fast the
river is flowing now this is what we
were hoping for a couple of hours ago
but it it's actually happening let it's
got deeper the waters flowing fast you
naked in there been working sick I can't
wait I can't wait and easily with
someone I don't think I've been to
sunburn in years
hi we going back out yet we're doing it
south of the river
this is where out storms I think we
could stay here forever like under room
temp that we are flying and we are the
side like pools way and whether I say I
should do Dave Tommy noise I don't big
nor hey can you even be annoyed Bobby no
the whole of today we'd be dreaming at
the moment that we just cruise past the
rest of the guys rowing in their
thingies but now our batteries died the
moment so it's not going to ask
everybody else they're all listening and
then we like the heaviest phone where we
lost it's not right though right
or is there right yeah oh right
okay what's in your favorite part today
Mike sliding down the bad back waving
where I want that just that that's right
now yeah yeah how we lost again the kind
of imaginative thinking about like I
think it is the white fish under
sunshine leave the gray I don't know why
you were they
you should call South River love is old
comes out of the river this is where it
starts
I think we stay is rebel like on the
room temp dog so it will just happen
safe and be happier with this is this is
badly made or vs. well my daughter so
how you lass do it good night young so
worried
no I wear off the sack Jordan Johnson
with a little tug right peace out
the better you made it fun you made it
well after a mad day on the river we
finally arrived at Corcovado this is the
forest that Dave lives in in his Hut and
we're all guests of his tonight I'm
staying
got a few tents I haven't actually seen
how he's getting on for quite a few
months so this is going to be this can
be pretty cool how people are putting
their tents already yeah look it's new
hot is it's looking great
so type of pizza have you enjoyed your
day
Mike speed event yeah
highlight was the other much like yeah
yeah firstly pick up Mike more looking
batting as ever and secondly welcome to
the woods Dave what was your nickname
down at the pub again
wild man of the woods I think it was
known at the at the parish council
meeting when I went there to meet one I
said present to the neighbors or an old
lady came on to me said so you the wild
man of Whiston loaded Wow yes I would
like to go better this is a well-known
rustic game called Hamish Logan this
Mike this recipe I have to hit the
hammer they have to hit the small end of
the hammer on a nail and get it all the
way in
in solid rice marshmallow time I've got
my long stick I get your long stick
other way low enough hi this is this is
a good this is a good length it's called
a half fire piston rod we're having a
lovely evening round the fire it's all
about Cowboys is that roughly with that
is definitely about the old barrel on
the last run where ya rolled over so
cool bye ruff and a bit of bird yeah
it's a nice little fire fire describe it
contained voluminous ideal words well
rather than just making a fire on the
floor why is more dangerous than I am
it's 2:30 in the morning I'm just going
to my tent it's been an amazing day I'm
so glad to have got back to the UK to
share in this cool weekend with my kin
all the lads and we've got a breakfast
together tomorrow before we all head off
yeah I'll catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia adventure
