hi I'm Samantha from New Zealand it's
Halloween here and you're watching fun
below today Steve's come pick me up hey
and it's a little bit later than we
planned so I got to have a little bit
more sleep which is good news and now
we're hitting up to see Jake in London
good yeah it's literally a winner yeah
type a little brekkie and coffee and
stuff we've arrived at jakes house and
we're gonna get down to business time
but first we've got and it's sugar
laughs I love you yes I can't did it
right dude oh yes stage yes sir you did
you're going we are now heading into
London jump on the team heading up the
topic all right
comment
Joe close man
oh that's a lovely lunch we are now
going to head up to the YouTube creator
space I've been invited to go and maybe
sitting in on this live broadcast that
what's trending or doing
so this is all the music awards you two
Music Awards already so this is our
here here okay so this is who we be who
you be talking about so these are the
top use acronis on YouTube candy the
most in their fangs so just randomly
showing up for the YouTube create space
to see what's going on and I've been
pulled in on this live show where I'm
going to be like just chatting and
chillin with Shira who's come over from
LA and this is a what's trending and the
cap professional this is all like live
crew this this is all exciting
I don't wanna play cupid again don't
wanna be just a friend I know it sounds
selfish but it's just how I feel don't
wanna know say it ain't so cuz i love
the first but that's okay exactly end of
the day so it's fun they're random but
we're we're gonna head off nothing oh I
pushed it right I know in this printer
but man I'm gonna head off now and carry
on our little meeting with a Swiss be
having that's quite fun minute Steve do
you think dude did you guys think i did
alright ya feel good do i yeah i'll just
make stuff up i don't know i saw a girl
i think i do yeah look II just go
select Google so we're just stopping for
a little light refreshment do you guys
remember this place tap coffee Steve did
little video on this place a while ago
love is most
guys I got a lemon and ginger tea a
healthy option look who's hey josh is
just arrived whoo got a good day now
yeah really good yeah yeah singing a lot
singing to something poison on Halloween
yeah cheers josh Steve what's going on
my step 10,000 followers on twitter with
shopping trilogy for so long it alone
yes take a I try the puck again oh we do
park you guys put the vest with them
other puppies I see let boys these boys
are heading our I'm gonna have some time
of Josh I shall say as well yeah thank
you to everyone
nice bro I let's do a puck what
condition are going to work that's all
right hey that was like bass and treble
man and that's middle types of food gbk
the burgers have arrived is Nikolai some
interrupts are having a nice evening had
shot finish your burgers and we're
having this discussion about how we can
help boost job is Twitter following and
just general online presence we're going
to try and get some videos on this
YouTube in the next week or so the one
that we're shooting on the Ruby other
night so you guys have any cool ideas of
how we can do some promotion stuff to
get a lot of the following on Twitter
comment below and if you're not already
you should go follow in I mean we might
be doing some bigger waves right are you
thinking like maybe
take one of these gigs a ticket of the
idea here but maybe an out I like an EP
or something like to give away so any
anything that you guys want as a
giveaway thing that we could do comment
below and yeah we were going to rally in
support Josh we have met up with Steve
and Lexi and we're heading back
so Steve's driven home and he's heading
up maybe see tomorrow yes yeah we're
gonna hang out fri sleep boom I off to
sleep in a fun day catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
