hello my name is Ania I am Norwegian and
welcome to front for Louie
yo man a man we're off to get pennyboard
to Steven Ben and then we're gonna do
something cool with penny boards we just
got to Ben's house to pick him up we're
going to head into Kingston I'm repping
his t-shirts and we're gonna film a
pretty sick video today hopefully these
guys just these by penny boards now
I can't wait to have someone to skate
with we're here I look at these guys
they're so excited they are so sorry
well you sound bad I'm outgoing hideous
pink hideous pink good color thing okay
the guys made a selection Ben's got to
learn the dark Steve's got blue guy
what'd you say man
so much easier writing these and a
toccata skateboard
to stop for some quick lunch Steve's
getting a nice bad boy sandwich Ben's
got a Jack potato I've only got a banana
though I don't know what's going on no
jokes I got this guy yes oh and I got a
decaf coffee still off the caffeine for
a little bit done for lunch
I'm like a no sounds just met this dude
Aiden and Kingston we up to
I'm just going to the bedrooms cool all
right nice to meet you man
there's a security guy on his mic like
with a fluorescent jacket on the Culebra
boy sleep where we're going now man
we're going to find a skate spot a
Steve's got a blog camera where you say
man Hampton Court Palace
this is a true Street skating location
Wow
almost stacked it been caught on camera
ah but these guys got me this how nice
is that
I should be sponsored by Lucas we just
kidnapped some kids you're gonna help us
fill haha we just found a sweet skate
spot in Richmond parks and now we're
gonna film some food yes
rollerskating backup we've been doing
some good footage
I caught that I caught that my Steve's
just filmed this video we've had a
pretty awesome time you guys need to go
and show Jordan some love on his YouTube
channel for his injuries I think he
deserves some subscribers today go and
check him out I'll link them in the
description with a lot of time Steve's
just filling his radiator out there
Yellin front state dinner time with the
family I know I'm late for dinner I just
go in Excel me though I'm heading out
now I'm not sure that I'm going to see
my mom and dad's before I go to America
tomorrow because they're heading out
early in the morning
well wake you up then I'm gonna be out
late some might say my goodbyes now
anyway
even if I see them in the morning love
you bye bye
thanks for your nice goodbye meals don't
driving over to Ben's again
and Steve's meeting me there we're going
to edit some of the footage we film
today and maybe jumping Ben's hot top
I've heard rumors of frog exciting news
guys Bend this hit 3000 subscribers on
YouTube - amazing no genuinely though I
come really excited congratulations dude
man Bo oh please get used to pre-k now
maybe maybe upload a video man maybe
soon upload a video what do you guys
think I think I'm gonna have later video
I think I've probably helped yeah that's
actually what we're working on right now
it's nearing the end of the night
Steve's headin off me and Ben are going
to jump in this hotel but I'm not going
to CC for a while
little bit emotional not gonna be a
flood
either may like three weeks or a month -
call me give me out it's hot tub time
this is just what you need a one-day
skating I'm talking about I'm talking
about skating like it was hard work yeah
yeah I sure they really deserve a hotel
after that it so it's been another
awesome day hang with Stephen Ben again
I'm actually really looking forward to
seeing the video that we made earlier
I'll link you to it when Steve puts up
on his channel but yeah ah last day in
the UK heading to New York tomorrow
yeah wow it's been cool it's been cool
I'm I'm gonna go to sleep I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
Oh happiness is not something you
postpone for the future is something you
designed for the present
