I'm geckos and you're watching fun for
Lou got up a little bit earlier today me
and Ben have got laptop Club oh yeah Ben
stayed over yeah
we've been eating chocolate cookies and
editing and I think we're gonna head up
to London today there's no storm though
this storm dissipated the embedder
heading over here soon finish our edit
and upload and Darcy and some friends
are filming a video today a cooking
Halloween cooking video which I'll link
you guys to some with my same as a
muffin
summer offends this war laptop club go
with faster internet I love your
internet there I love you too time to
head up to London I think Ben's going to
drive unbeliev rod in here a little bit
I just realized me and Ben haven't eaten
anything today and it's already four
o'clock which is not good I think the
priority is finding some food when we
get my jeans we've arrived at the office
we got some food and we've got our
pending boards for navigating around the
corridors
no you're not having any of my sandwich
are you getting on with your editing Ben
how are you getting on with you Edison
yeah I just doing a video that I didn't
think I was going to have to do this all
I know trip is not really what I need to
be adding to my list of stuff but we're
going to get it done because that's what
we do and what have you got next to you
there this time no that big bin oh this
is just a small collection over family
good now on what there's about a billion
mal worms in there that's too good in do
you think they'll notice we'll have one
the son
in
Oh
guys we're doing a you now Broadway
flirt we are but while late no wow just
clogging I'm just plugging your like
reception whoa whoa Lily's big yeah
what what's this this is some kind of
crazy chocolate it's fantastic isn't it
mate oh yeah command me the best
chocolate cabbage Delaney me and Jack
who designed the city a very hot chili I
don't necessarily it might not even be
hot okay my own voice sure it might not
even be poisonous it might be now on so
all my arms are flattened out this is
what they look like you know - yeah it
was - okay
what Oh she'll be hot actually
well I'm tingling but it's good for me I
gave you the world's hottest chili I'm
sure I'm not exactly that really hot
Queen have one no Jack how was that
chili I feel like I don't feel good I
feel a little bit dizzy it wasn't a good
oh I'm tongue is throbbing I've stopped
hiccuping now when my ears and my tongue
not probing my n1 no in my mouth as well
yeah palate oh my gosh but we are
entertaining 10,000 people with by 18
chilies yeah guys are good I just found
this not either for decoration purposes
only the important thing is that you
gotta win this I fit for consumption
why do I do that why'd you do that
because I'm a crazy
ah well your thumbs around
I got another four words
going on the skating adventure late
night skating adventure boys having a
race it's not about this boat you are
useless both of you useless it's 1:30 in
the morning we are still in the Optus
messing around a pitch boards and with
it's probably time to get food maybe an
energy drink but we make good progress
apparently there's no hot food places so
might I follow in Finn's example and get
pot noodle what flavors the awful
now they merge get chicken thing okay I
actually had pot maybe for like six
months and as in year 11 at school every
day for lunch and I got sick of them
so let it burn get some sleep
yeah I've decided I need to stand Chyzyk
tonight because I'm I've got me in
London tomorrow morning I don't doesn't
make sense to go does it make sense go
back
I hope Darcy's okay oh right where you
can say um can I stay at your house jack
there's a nice bench down the road
Atkins I'll just sleep Oh sleep in the
phone box wait there near Jack this is a
very high-tech sound recording booth I'm
doing the finishing touches on the
film's going out tomorrow which are the
voiceovers so that's my microphone use
my headphones and this is my sound color
yeah luzhin chamber so I'm heading back
to Jack's house we live in the office
it's 4:30 in the morning I didn't tell
you something earlier guys my penny
board which I left the Benz car we were
riding the other night when it's wet and
the bearings which held the wheels go
round are completely completely broken
right look at this sort
so it doesn't really work have to get
this fixed tomorrow in the morning it
still runs just sleep there dry because
we're gonna almost definitely time for
some sleep
I've got to go relatively late for as
well
I'll see you guys tomorrow peace out
enjoy life
misadventure then
