oh my head was I know watching far for
Louie boots so I'm gonna go and see
Steve then we're gonna go into Kingston
and try and get my phone screen fixed
probably grab some lunch and five pair
of jeans so I'm just popping my phone in
to get mended the screen smashed by this
guy said he'd replace it for 40 quid so
we're going to stop in for some brunch
brunch time is kind of lunchtime by this
time it's brunch time I love ginger
there it's very good just show you see
the next American road trip
never-say-die Edison New Orleans and
that was well yummy it's gonna see if my
phone's done
hello how's a guy please don't be angry
with my girlfriend she came to talk talk
talk talk and then I'd be too slow but
it takes about look at that
good as new that's right it just arrived
at the bend of Seminyak Kingston I'm
gonna get Paris genes beef Jesus far too
skinny I don't know help avoid skinny
jeans these jeans look right and they I
couldn't be bothered to take them off so
I just have to buy them and jump on the
calendar to get a security tag off I
just met some cool people were your
names
so we just rubbing up apples Wi-Fi to
upload my latest blog sooo much done it
in like 15 minutes what about higher
it's like takes hours I love that I'm
going shopping
my mom she's got a dinner party tonight
I forget how beautiful we clean this
sometimes so Steve Amir driving up to
London gonna get into some trouble we're
stopping off for a little a little drink
a little snack on the way cool bike
keep going don't stop don't stop yeah
are you happy though you have to run a
red light
how do you even stop how can you even
stop in a penny-farthing
very nice I use Instagram let me go man
but going like that phone Instagram
let's use Instagram you know you want to
like that any father I mean see we gonna
do some brainstorming get a laptop sound
and they have little coffee see we doing
here
it does look what busy
got some cool cheers now
so I got my phone repaired but Jack it
smashed his killer made cracks all down
here probably see it wasn't as bad as
mine but you just got a chunk out your
corner that's Jack's chunk home
that's Jack's chunk out his iPhone boy
we're just in Jamal's place check this
out he's got Jamar and sbtb coke balls
boss man
we've just got late-night laptop clubs
going on we're just watching some videos
listen to some music
have a look at your mom's house we just
got a couple like free Falcon arch
what's an air this is close and change
oh you've got how many time you had the
trainers we go
100% of all give us a closing message
what give us some inspirational words
from the one and only to mind with gotta
find a perp walk there's one for that
same let me just say this is nicotine
free everywhere nicotine free Dave smoke
this is nicotine free orange self-belief
soft belief help me run of the Olympic
torch yeah avoids ourselves believe all
right nice man peace out thanks let's
hang out tonight al are you Olympian see
don't win this me I do you know you
tomorrow Rob this Olympics ah but he
robbed a ticket home they didn't really
you didn't really you didn't really rub
it we just left your mouse house it's
like 4:00 a.m. or something crazy the
Sun is definitely starting to rise on
the horizon and we're gonna head back up
in the morning yeah
probably the Sun is actually rising last
night I went crazy select me so yeah
today's been good it's called chillin
with Steve st. Jack briefly and hanging
with Jamar tonight he sudden he's so
inspirational I don't know if you guys
all know who he is and what SB TV is but
I'm gonna link in the description a
video it's like an advert for Google
Chrome and talks about his whole story
and what he's done on YouTube and stuff
like really really cool guy anyway
tomorrow is going to be sweet and I
going to London again into Central and
have some fun again peace out enjoy life
live the adventure don't go the way that
takes you take life away you come
