hi I'm Nerissa Luca we're here in Cyprus
and you're watching sounds a Louie boom
good morning guys it's just got a a.m.
we're on our way back to LA this morning
and on the way we've stopped off at a
place called Red Rock Canyon check this
out pretty epic okay we're going to get
a classic on top of the bus photoshoot
 some guys in that bus we got the
whole crew up right now we get the drone
somewhere over there we're just doing a
bunch of photos
okay we have parked up when you can head
into some lunch and I'm going to just
put money in both these ticket machines
and hope that that's okay
or I would just eaten and now we're
saying goodbye to the crew you will
split nothing sniffing that's all I've
made it it honestly good luck on your
trip and making that documentary oh yeah
man I'm late
maybe like this hey so everyone is got
that stuff out the buses a lot of the
boys they've already left these with a
lot of priam say goodbye to Jack been
amazing I'm looking forward to the next
trip we do together
yes let's definitely tell my audience
where you're going next what's the plan
I'm going to hit Alaska I'm not sure if
I'm gonna go California or you Taba yeah
I'm gonna go hug some grizzly bears and
possibly tidal wave up there Wow
so if you don't already going to
subscribe to Jack be his adventures in
this stuff and we get sup T the girls
off as well by sitting
so I have dropped the big bus off and I
am back in the wonder bug guide and I'm
just heading over to the YouTube space
to have a little sit-down meeting with
one of the guys from the VR 360 team and
but yeah and it gets the head off like
7:00 p.m. so I'm just squeezing it in
fluff you're meeting that I love being
back in the wonder bunker it's just I
always say every time I haven't been in
there in here in a while but it's
so much fun to drive and I did
I think it does smell as well it smells
old it's it smelled vintage I don't know
if you guys get that but it's just
everything about their life this makes
you smile
guys isn't she a beauty
oh good I've got my YouTube space guest
spot and been here in a while yeah we
gonna get a copy oh cool
so photobooth there okay guys this is
leave or he heads up the VR stuff at the
YouTube space in LA and he's given me a
little tour I haven't been here probably
for that couple years now I have edit
Suites and any youtubers can come in but
they're spaced out almost any youtubers
over like 10k or you 10,000 subscribers
so once you restock threshold then your
next step is to unlock the space unlock
in the space and kind of orientation we
telling you the do's and the don t book
stages hide a book gear and then once
you go through that process you're able
to then go ahead look your stages as you
want as well as gear so everything's
free there's no cost on you need to
provide your own crew physically what
you're going to shoot on whether it be a
curtain a green screen or you build out
a set you have to physically provide
that we provide the space all the camera
audio lighting gear you might need and
the technical know-how if you run into
problems like technical in and help our
guys so so if any of you are YouTube
creators and have over 10,000 subs in
the LA area use Chromebook space out and
do workshops Dufferin workshops
I think it's a really cool way that
youtubers supporting kind of
up-and-coming YouTube is pretty cool in
it not only in LA but we have nine of
these worldwide
oh yeah New York I've been to New York
London I try to get into Tokyo and there
is a real mix of Mumbai Berlin really
oh yeah let me show you to our grand
ballroom it's good this is X about
student control room so your typical
controlling that you might see in a
typical studio this actually gets used
practically but it also gets used as a
set yeah so really yeah one main thing
that needs it as Mission Control for you
know yes totally and so on and then
we'll have creators that will you know
park themselves here throw up some
different images in the monitors and do
a stand-up or whatever and I okay here's
one of the big studio spaces is this the
biggest now we're going to get to the
biggest a little bit later so this age
too
that we have here all of our stages come
with the curtains at you see the block
the silver silver white blue and green
all of our studios have plenty of power
so they're all well crooked power and
they're also clip of these ESP boxes
where we can route any kind of visual
signal from anywhere to anywhere within
our facility yeah it's serious
well do you have like studio audiences
and stuff here yeah Wow I did I don't
have seen the specs for this is massive
it was the largest page that we have
yeah I'm taking a little look around the
equipment room with the stuffed in it's
like beakers and lights and bunch of
cameras or something
kind of learn the our area so uh as well
as other equipment that we have here so
you can see we've got well so many
headset have you done any like almost
like VR parties where everyone's
watching the game say exactly that
that's what these are for
yeah so we have a system where we could
simultaneously feed out the same content
to all the headset and people who watch
at the same time yeah we go I'd I
haven't played with any of these so this
is code after this is actually the first
gen kodak and that stereoscopic 180 now
that can be yes that was a little thing
that would start playing around the
doughboys for a break
i drugged her to lens rig is this
stereoscopic no that's mono okay yeah
Wow so many crazy oh you know I saw that
what is that 360 that's like 360 no it's
no quiet it's only 220 mindful okay even
it's good if you're going to put that
into a favor but she's going to have
spiders crawl over yeah because there's
no stitch line oh yeah and I sorry goes
all the way down to Harrison ah
kind of yeah forget how big black circle
underneath yeah it's almost like the
surface of a camera that kind of deal
yeah yeah like stop looking and either
cool though I like that you've got
little yeah it's gonna get to like a
history yeah like a trapeze act like a
museum guys do you remember a few years
ago went to zeitgeist and I played
around with one of these when I was
showing off my 360 stuff I think some
dude at films and like gorillas in the
jungle that was actually the original
prototype one originally started
shooting with so here so 16 GoPros these
are their hero cords right and it's all
just one button guy yeah it's one of the
easiest reached years so multiple power
sources this is the hyper skinny user
they do they overheat yeah that's all I
can imagine look how much text right
there turn one on let's go okay I've got
the headset on and checking out a video
so now you're going to pick one man I'm
going to see on top of my head and
they're wheeling around oh my girl from
water filling out a ballot will problem
oh my god this is horrible
but now you get to do a heaping amount
of the Odyssey all my head oh my god I
feel like I'm actually going to pull
over
you mind should be careful with balance
yeah yeah this was a proof of concept
which if this is with your this is what
it amounted are my head and the only
flight leaving to you're hesitant
exactly this makes me allowed like a
helmet that I wore it makes me wonder
where the first-person stuff isn't it I
think that's all it is right it's not it
makes me feel really good when you doing
motion you yeah I feel drunk back you
mudram well that's pretty cool and
interesting thing a bit of VR stuff and
where it's heading and getting some
ideas and connecting with the VR YouTube
team I now need to head back to the bus
and get my things because I need to be
at the airport pretty soon I do like
I've had a bit of time today though
because originally we were going to have
as much time once we got back so good
getting back a bit earlier than planned
I just been dropped off at LAX went to
grab my flight now at London Philip even
America that aided by I'm going to get a
little bit of work done abigai email
forwarding I think it's an 11 hour
flight to London I'm going to try and
get as much editing done as possible I
haven't been able to keep up with the
blog to up and the road trip though
plenty of cool girls enjoy
oh my gosh this is awesome
the people hours of the flight left I'm
going to try and get some sleep now
little bit difficult because I did
manage to get active oh so like these is
like ramped up Steve probably stuff I'll
try
and like a good idea because the FDA
: the good part of years baby again
that's moving
No
and it shows
