hello I'm ready know from Indonesia and
you're watching fun for Louie hello it's
another lovely day means Steve off to
find food and run a few errands and
other night I don't know what we're up
to really it's going for a little Drive
so just come out for a little matters
and Louie is getting bombarded with
viewers got my mail guys trying to put
some ketchup on my chips why do they
still make ketchup and gloss bottles
thanks
yummy
good night
doesn't work broke anyone sex this is
the one no doesn't mean it's going to go
over it Maggie is in there
Oh Steve try juggling those guys those a
massive way that's bigger than your ed
whoa ready Pumpkinhead just running some
errands help Sainsbury's where we go now
ste f chase chase hey przeciez where you
go to get any moleskine so i can write
down ideas and stuff for my blog yeah i
need to do more writing you read it I
don't ever I don't ever read books ever
that bad I feel like I feel I could be
more intelligent or read books I'm a bit
boring shave lotion my supervisor
ministry bit I think I found something I
think this is my my cup of tea I think
it's either got Lee this one or this one
back Steve bought another plant I think
Steve's going to turn this up this into
a bit of a jungle it may like my jungle
Metro Jake it'll make a nice night may
turn into jungle but you know be quicker
views poured some water I love the
screwing around obey oh she went right
in and as Bosh my lens bro
Steve aamir now heading to hang out with
Dave and with other guys so we've come
to this youth club that a few of our
friends run and check these
illustrations are you know Jake the
designer does Allah find the nomads
t-shirt designs check these
illustrations he's done in the wall here
how awesome it is so so yeah yes Jake
yes Dave this is this is Dave's choice
of business meeting venue I like it how
you doing Alan really good I've really
done anything for last couple days so to
actually leave the house oh good yeah
come on Alan why did you put the white
boy you're not supposed to do that ugh
who put the black ball so we're having a
bit of a scheming meeting tonight what's
all about though well we are trying to
think about how to build the best
possible product with Gibby for you guys
to make giving fun and a small part of
everyday life so we're gonna brainstorm
some ideas eat some pizza drink some
coke and then ask you some questions get
your feedback and for those of you don't
know Gibby's this thing which I've been
helping and been journeying with Dave
the whole kind of time but it's a giving
platform which some of you guys may have
got involved with especially recently
with the Romania trip and the Gypsy
village thing and some of some other
kind of promotions with done but it's
going to be really exciting guys and we
might be in a minute asking you some
questions and how your guys to get
involved with the whole journey as well
oh I think we should have a break from
our laptop club and business meeting for
another kind of business time
so the evenings drawing to a close we've
had food we've had lots of talking and
brainstorming and banter and what have
we come up with Dave this has been one
of the most important parts of the
evening that's Matt's a caricature at me
thankfully but yeah we've got loads of
thinking tonight trying to think how
best can we articulate the giving
culture want to create with giving but
yea I'd love to know your thoughts and
what you think would be what what is the
thing that is most important to you in a
giving website do you care about being
able to see the friends that you've
given with you care about being able to
see the story of the cause do you care
about matching brands being able to add
more to your donation what matters most
to you please comment we'd love to know
awesome and on that night we are me and
steven alan are going to go up for a
little adventure to help Josh with a
little project a last-minute project
which kids go into the early hours of
the morning hello freight hello welcome
home hello
so we are in Fred's house and this is
used to used to be where I used to live
and it's a cat guy now how much can we
tell him and justin are just making a
secret project basically this is the
secret project secret project in our old
house so this is where anything's died I
know so so there's so many amazing
memories we've got a tripod camera we've
got some light stuff but we can't really
let you guys see that thing because it's
top secret go a little story about this
roof okay so the the church that owned
this building they're like you cannot
stand on the roof it's not safe for
sending on but three years ago is it
three years ago Steve we had steve's
birthday party on here we had like 50
people and we watched Pulp Fiction on a
projector on the world and it was fine
the roof did not collapse
and it's a wrap in scranton that is a
rat now that is a wrap that is the rep I
didn't leave me today today today today
they did let it go josh is off I think
it's like four in the morning in it keep
right on my pleasure well oh yeah and
it'll go back David Allen and Matt's
house and I'm staying in their spare
room he's actually 20 part six in the
morning and I've just finished editing
the first cut of this video we shall
with Josh which I'd get to show you guys
pretty soon I think but I'm going to try
to get some sleep and yeah oh ok good
tomorrow peace out into a life and let
the adventure boom
