hi there I'm Kyle and you're watching
Thunder Lily hmm I just had a lovely
sleep in Brittany and Steve's just
Facebook less mrs. be saying I can see
you in this house so i think i'm gonna
go we r get a confidence thing let's
look how comfy is this what i need to do
is get some blinds so put a freak p blow
your wall pass and be like hey babe all
right do it oh yeah yeah hella get there
were blue happy hunting he happy I'm
sayin I'm happy to be home i had a great
holiday though yeah it's nice to back up
mr. Burke she's human mind internet is
ridiculous
we're sitting room somewhere comfortable
forgot paninis got a quap knees cheers
man Oh me and Steve it back from heaven
our coffee and we've got a little with a
laptop club going on and check who it is
speaking to in skype it's nick i was
going yeah give me choking my facebook
teacher yes just like it we just have a
little bit of business time to talk
making a cup of tea Finn is here hey
we're heading up to London we're gonna
go and see Jack Finn maybe dear don't be
in the office and then other night and
all the dates gonna hold same fun we've
just had a nice time down at the office
the big group of people but the India
edit is looking nice we saw some of the
early cuts of that and now we're going
to go and try and find a little coffee
and some food or something
steve is gonna put some of these guys in
his past and I thought yeah I can do
that try to wire in it Albright
everything bro keep on you say what was
I doing new are you ready could hit like
electrics you like yeah I'm really good
and then you broke all the lights now
I got a little brownie brownie finger as
well Steve I'm not going dry that is
that insane
try it out bro the best thing in the
world I was always expecting it to be
dry and it's the best thing ever that's
one of the most moist engl FM announced
have a bike bag that was my finger is
that yeah celeb am me and Steve are
gonna pop and go and get some wagga
mummers and then we're gonna have a nice
evening in with legs as well we're gonna
watch movie or something so I don't leak
when submit we got to wagamama takeaway
chili chicken ramen movies movie night n
where you saying man did nice be back
really nice yeah no it's under later
yeah
see Steve me finish watching the film I
may have fallen asleep during it it was
quite funny and then I remembered that a
few days ago I got a tweet or something
saying that someone had left us a secret
message out our office or starbucks
office so we thought why not before we
go to bed go and retrieve the secret
message yup there Steve I am that's now
I'm interested see what it's going to
say yeah it's kind of crazy and I might
get low drink probably not a coffee as
it's quite late I think my favorite just
something refreshing and healthy
guys really annoying bad news the
motorways closed the whole motorway
blows so the service station which we
usually go see we can't even get to it's
totally closed so to you I don't even
understand how it's possible Friday you
know they did that to understand that
means everyone that works that service
takes just get an eye on and I'll know
you're still there so I'm I take and
which I kind of hungry maybe want to
drink I'll bro Brooklyn's Tesco's bro
she's smashing it you can't juggle those
Steve all right you record yeah
we're just finding pumpkins that Steve
can juggle I don't know about this guy
like hi I think you'll buy it I think
this guy's going to be annoyed okay and
tell him now what 10 now if we break you
up on a lot LOL him if he comes out
really okay ah ya ya know if we if we
break it or buy it yeah curly I try I
try where do I throw see where do I
throw em bro what's that I way that way
to his channel even though huh we didn't
junk juggling looking at juggle yeah I
don't think he's buried he's very good
at juggling now he's very good if we
break it will buy it will buy them to
need to buy first okay we're gonna have
to buy it first Steve you getting a new
blonde yeah don't leave another way oh
is that my fault these are the just the
essentials you need a tree in the border
yes love you a chicken caesar wrap yeah
san pellegrino water
a mountain five and three pumpkins for
juggling yes pumpkins Anthony wanted to
look but watch the juggle say do one
more one more demonstration ready yeah
go no Steve that's the end of the night
he's so good to have Steve back in town
and you'll be glad to know guys he is on
it with his video he uploaded another
one today of mine and his favorite
coffee shop in London so make sure you
go check that out topline the
description and tomorrow we're going to
be having lots of fun we meeting up with
Dave we are going to have a bit of
business time come up with some cool
plans and future stuff and yeah yeah in
it's nice we're having some fun bromance
today anyway I catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
Oh
