I'm Louie's sister Hilary enjoy today's
blog by the finale today were painting a
city we're gonna go down now most really
hot so I'm gonna rip the sleeves off my
t-shirt we've stopped off at the stage
they're just staying up for the
performance tonight I've in a circle if
you noticed I use one of the sleeves for
a little headband look at these Green
Bay strings so as well as painting
buildings I think today is just a
general festival vibe in the face
I've been given a paintbrush don't know
how much of a be ready gonna be able to
clean this brush I think it's kind of a
metaphorical thing you know it's not
painting buildings not going to
transform a city in itself but I think
it's the it's the mentality of you know
renewing and bringing some fresh
freshness give a little hand with the
painting don't give up YouTube Louie
rubbish
it looks like there's a big Rafiki wall
behind me and all the ice is sketching
out their stuff ready and I'm guessing
they're gonna be painting this whole
wall looks like it's going to be just a
massive art piece it's so hot today
insanely hot
literally I don't know how I'm ever
gonna lose my hips like that I want to
learn they want to get loose hips we're
gonna duck back to the hotel for some
food
we're brief deals and now we're hitting
the road again we're here at the
Children's Center and I've all been
painting and stuff like that so we're
just gonna join in maybe I'll get my
face patient
building ginger together make it right
make it better today building ginger
together make it right make it better
always there's now a big procession a
big carnival procession and I think
we're gonna be leading it in the man
I think that's got me out there like one
of the most incredible experiences in my
life I'm so tired I could sleep I've
arrived at the gig venue and I just sat
on the stage waiting for people I don't
know everyone's gone I think they may
have gone back to the hotel but I fell
asleep I think I thought it's supposed
to start that half an hour ago but I
think there may have been Ugandan time
bad news guys
just got rushed in the crowd got white
iPhone and my vlogging camera stolen at
my pocket and I grabbed the guys I saw I
fell with it and then they cut kind of
kicked off I didn't want to fight him
they ran off security came over they
trying to track him down what I'm not
holding out much hope they're gonna get
recovered so he's a bit of a bomb
hasn't ruined the night though hasn't
read the night but just frustrating you
know sir back at the hotel today has
been awesome it's weird like I literally
had one of the best experiences of my
life and then I got robbed
basically the police actually grabbed
one of the kids that done it he didn't
have the final camera on him
I think another friend had taken it they
probably stashed it somewhere to get
later the police wanted me to like make
a statement and press charges and wanted
to cart him away to the police station
and I was just like you know what I'm
not gonna get the camera and phone back
I don't know put him through potential
prison or I don't know what happens with
the Ugandan legal system I said nah just
let them go and you know I think it's
just a bit stupid of me to go into the
crowd and have all that stuff on me
anyway with in my pockets and stuff and
I thought I don't know what his story is
what these guys stories are they could
be really really poor and this could be
saying they need to survive you know I
could let it really bother me but I
could just choose to be like oh well
there's nothing I can do about it and
luckily I'd got all the footage of my
camera which is so I'm so happy about
anyway I'll see you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boo life should not be a
journey to the grave with the intention
of arriving safely in an attractive and
well-preserved body but rather to
get inside race covered in scars body
thoroughly used up totally won out and
screaming Yahoo what a ride
