hey my name is Jordan from America I'm
currently in China and you're about to
watch fun for Louie
enjoy I had a very nice sleep at Steve's
house thanks Dave I'm heading some my
parents down for lunch
my system while this is to Hillary and
her husband in town have a big company
lunch together
look how big this bit of bread is
yesterday with Hillary and Adam here and
we've got good G lation and corner table
we finished lunch and we're going for a
little car ride to a few places okay oh
nice umbrella Darcy Adams off he's gonna
catch a train back if you're some work
today and get some rest and Hillary and
me and Darcy are going to go out for
some brother-sister time
Sylla Adam we've had to drive back and
leave the Peugeot here and I got in
Rodney which I've not been driving
because Rodney is quite expensive to
drive around but we've got in Rodney and
Darcy's a little bit disappointed in how
much it isn't there yeah okay part Tudor
if you'd ever go on a boat ride Louie if
you ever went on a road trip or even
just car journey with Louie this is what
you'd be in for yeah this is probably
from his last road trip in Rodney the
car and it is filthy and appalling
that's all from me miss Rodney I think
I'm gonna start driving
Rodney around from now on we've just
arrived in Guildford
we're just popping in to see my friend
Katy and some of my other friends and
maybe go for a little drink start a
trend it's quite interesting she's
wearing these chains and shackles for
how many day Daisy Doo and they weigh a
lot they weigh the same as a bowling
ball and it's completely unnecessary
there are loads of alternatives in
traditional Chinese medicine that is
used for liver problems but there's over
50 Hubble kinds of stories so it's
completely unnecessary most of the
colleges get to fit into things like she
helps one of us to help in everything or
even toothpaste or wine so and most
doctors don't even use and Cecil's
message things please
and there's still 12 thousand beds going
out like this so once again to keep my
and it's really cool that Kate is trying
to raise awareness and doing this crazy
like this must be met and you've hurt
your ankle yeah crazy and have you done
a video which is explaining a little bit
more about
what Ichigo
so in your interest in this campaign and
once find out bit more about why he's
wearing chains and what she's passionate
about helping then I'll leave a link
below and you can like to click through
and see what she's trying to raise
awareness the money for food we're
basically having a tea party you know
Katie's been walking around the streets
today trying to get me able to sign a
petition and just raise awareness of
these like placards and stuff we have
stopped off at a quaint little like hub
in the middle of nowhere in the
countryside for they're trying to look
for hot chocolate and some cakes that's
what we need right now in our lives
see late does he love you
we've arrived that Ronnie Scott's again
the jazz club and Natalie is doing an
awesome night tonight called the soul
family so family jam it so family Sunday
and we're gonna go in it so it's just
eyes
oh that was amazing
Hilary's gonna hit home she's feeling
fragile and it's quite late but I may
come back here and go and hang out with
Natalie and some of the others for a
late-night hip hop thing
one awesome day of so much fun it's
really cool to see Casey earlier it's
really good to see that she's trying to
make a difference and raise awareness
for this bear bile farming thing that
she's found out about and it's horrific
and like I said earlier she's made a
video on YouTube and she's explained it
a little bit more and shown some of what
the Bears go through and how you guys
could get involved or spread the
awareness of it and how we can I guess
team up together and start making a
really positive difference in this world
so yeah go and go and give us some
support
it's her first video she's ever made so
yeah tomorrow I'm going to a Halloween
party with loads of the YouTube guys
like Alfie and Marcus and Zoey and all
that a lot it's gonna be a lot of fun so
I'll see you there peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure boom
