hello I'm Julia this is Austria and
welcome to family today everyone knows
bill matt is in hospital
as I know any more than that Steve's
been lying in bed most today
finnaly sick I'm not sick in fact I've
been chilling today we're heading out
the hotel later I think that an
arraignment we just
and I just got lucky
this is the new hotel we're staying in
the Sheraton looks like another fancy
one we're here to meet in a circle
tonight and again from the airport and
the thing that's staying here and they
were headed back to ginger tomorrow
what legend play Lion King yeah that's
awesome about right drop stuff up in the
rooms and we're now heading to the
airport pick up in a circle
oh it's waiting for general mcaddie and
then we're continuing on to the airport
he said it is a black man yeah gold
quick big side yeah we're going to the
airport don't fear to pick up in a sack
hole
let's go blazing why another city you
don't know we've had to come and pass
the police checkpoints so we're gonna go
to security in it checks
oh man after leaving my firearm at this
point
clearly God has got really angry me for
filming know like delete this
immediately and I was like yeah yeah
cool with me but they're very very angry
you know I found out too that is that
general mega day juice to be a gentleman
when the army that's Batman in a circle
have arrived we're waiting for one more
of their facts of things away and
jumping in the bands now it's so funny
where we're going out but these guys are
just flown in from Miami so they're
gonna be enough it should be good it
should be good night so we've got our
convoy what about the head up
they're just arrived back at the hotel
guests are dropping the bags and stuff
I'm tired already we haven't even gone
out yet
that was fun that was a lot of fun it's
almost 3:00 in the morning
heading back it's nice to dance I enjoy
those
the end of the day has been another
chilled one in Kampala tomorrow we're
heading back to ginger and I think
there's gonna be lots of painting we're
doing the painting project there's the
inner circle gigglers going on loads of
stuff I'm going to answer a few
questions a tweet darth vader saying
let's do another questions think your
name what's my favorite animal
a dragon how do I manage to feel
comfortable in a situation where
everyone's drinking but I'm not and I
think I haven't drunk for so long now
that it doesn't bother me and I stopped
drinking before I even started going
clubbing or out to bars I think so I
just enjoy being sober and it doesn't
bother me at all what advice would I
give someone who wants to be more
outgoing step out of their comfort zone
life's too short you know just face your
fears just do things even if you're
afraid and know what's the worst that
gaff and that's why things I'm night I'd
rather step out and do things and fail
than never try in the first place you
know on the deathbed I think the most
common thing is people saying things
they regret their havin done rather than
things that they've done and to finish
off am I going to digi fest yes I am so
did you tour doing this
dizzy fest thing in New York City and
I'm gonna be there it's the beginning of
June I think the first of June it's
going to be pretty awesome so if anyone
lives anywhere near New York or is
planning to go you can book your tickets
I think they're really running out
quickly so break your tickets on the
link all the stuff in this description
below and yeah you can come and meet me
and I'm gonna be doing some stuff on
stage I think presenting or doing some
kind of thing so it's gonna be fun Hey
let's bet now we're here we're getting
up relatively early and we're driving
back to ginger so peace out enjoy life
live the adventure boom alright guys I
hope you enjoyed that video and remember
the difference between try and triumph
is just a bit of umph
