hello my name is Joel and welcome to
fajn Tolui
today we're on our way to Kampala
we've just knocked off in Jinja in the
town on the way to buy another internet
dongle so we've got Wi-Fi for the
journey
we just got an unlimited internet dongle
from the orange shop we've stopped off
buying some stuff out the sunroof
hello we're getting attacked by me we're
getting attacked by me
we got through the security checks
against the hotel so we've just arrived
in this hotel to meet with Craig and I
have no idea what the plan is next run
find out this is pretty swanky in here I
think it's a five-star hotel I don't
think we're staying here though they
were just this guy just drops out of the
sky
you just that you just dangled up a web
and it landed on the table
we've done a very relaxing day just
eating had a cheap little coffee
chilling by the pool bit sunbathing and
more importantly got some good plans
together for the the weekend all the
projects and stuff so we're now heading
to find the hotel we're with we're
actually staying in because this is this
is far too nice and expensive so arrived
at the hotel I think we're gonna be
staying out we're just gonna check it
out
have a look look around this isn't gonna
work out for everyone so we're gonna
have a look at a little look around here
we can find somewhere more suitable to
stay I think I might go and sleep on the
floor at the really nice hotel maybe so
we're gonna check out this place see
where this place is they might be more
suitable priced too high I think we got
cool and traffic and I think I fell
asleep we're at the third hotel to see
whether this is suitable this is a
helpful warning in the hotel here these
items shown a very dangerous bombs if
you come across and they do not touch
them but report them to the nearest
Authority immediately so hopefully we
don't find any of these bombs in the
resort so I'm just leaving the others to
book the rooms and stuff but I just had
a little thought
it's probably taking us a couple of
hours to try and track down the hotel
some people that could be stressful but
I am I just think it's important to go
the flow sometimes especially when
you're traveling in a group and there's
different factors involved and you're in
a culture where you know things aren't
quite fluid and is organized and this
immediate as new yeasty so I just like
join the moment filling content in the
moment and you know even though it took
it's like three days to book a hotel
that's cool with me I'm just chillin
don't need an agenda and a strong plan
often you don't need to try to stick to
that you can just enjoy whoever's going
on he turns out this business not to
work out every Hotel looks like this is
the world
I'm being nosy look they might lead to
the roof on get on the roof
look at this fear I think I'm going to
be crashing on Craig and Steve's floor
the food in here looks amazing this is
gonna be awesome
free awesome l-band in the corner of the
restaurant
to finish eating now we're heading out
on the town to see if we could by saying
some today but we're going into some
Club in Kampala I don't know what this
club is but could be quite fun
they kept on telling me off the filming
inside so I don't really get much of
inside by as good night it's a good
night the end of a long day back at the
hotel it's been a day of kind of
logistics and a lot of traveling and
sorting stuff out and I felt kind of
lethargic but it's been nice and coming
to Kampala seeing some of that seeing
the nightlife it's mad I'm staying in
this five-star hotel it's not something
I'd usually do but I was kind of
thinking you know I've gone from the
extremes of sleeping rough on the
streets to sleeping in luxury and
staying in luxury and it reminded me of
this poem and it says they could eat
caviar Mondays and crusts on Tuesdays
and they wouldn't even notice and I kind
of thought yeah I want to live that life
where you know I can live an adapt to
any situation and not really mind
whether I'm sleeping here or on the
street obviously it's nicer sleeping
here but you know I like to think I'm
adaptable I think it's something good to
strive for in life is to be able to
adapt to different situations and you
know different people and for anyway
I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure through when life gives you
lemons make lemonade
