holidays pause Louise light applause and
now we start another day is fast now
we're in for applause his name is Terry
the
today we're going out on a little Jeep
ride
we've arrived to the radio station
I think big Steve's gonna get
interviewed about all the projects and
stuff so we've just been chilling in
this radio station chatting to the
presenter learning loads of cool stuff
apparently when Uganda was occupied by
Britain or is a British colony always
called Booga under and then when they
got independence they cut off the babe
they cut off the British and then they
became Uganda I did not know that pretty
cool isn't it this is my friend and
noseless it's nice to meet you we're
stay in touch okay right we're gonna go
for the orphanage now and jump back in
their Jeep I would reckon is Steve's
cowboy hat I'm liking that a cockpit
hats on my head's too big a minute there
handsome
we're going to go dancing this guy we
just spotted dancing on the side of the
road we're gonna have a look
look at this cute baby just had a nice
little bougie with some locals dancing
on the side of the road so we stopped
off in the town again we're gonna have a
little wander around oh let me get some
food and drink look at these kids this
is how I want to carry my baby around
when I have a baby we just found some
street acrobats dance and performance in
the middle of June with mellow the cool
kids are playing with now we're showing
them videos of themselves we're now
heading to an orphanage
Matt just found this feather on the road
it's the biggest feather in the world
but it's the size of his arm where are
we sleep we are the orphanage rise and
shine orphanage and this is how you
imagine Africa a little walk through
these the keys is quite sad but I'll try
and keep it up they're going to be happy
and come away inspired this is Rachel
she's gonna show us around the
children's home so what rachel is saying
is that the aim is to reunite a lot as
kids with their families a lot of them
have come into this orphanage because
they can't be at home for whatever
reason so that's the aim is that they're
reunited
this is the kind of thing I can imagine
you doing movie coming out to somewhere
like this in the canal it's yours having
like 50 kids that is a lot of clothes to
wash
I think we're heading off now but it's
been really great seeing what they're
doing here I think this is awesome
I'll link in the description about this
charity and what's going on here but
good job good job these kids we just
stopped off for some lunch on the way
home it's just started raining outside
and it's a lit literally a storm like
crazy tropical rain check this out
so the rains cleared and where we're
heading back to the hotel now in the
Jeep
Salemme so I've just been chilling
tonight back at the hotel we're gonna
head to bed now but yeah check out that
check out that orphanage website and
stuff below it's so inspiring to kind of
travel the world and see projects how
that running and see people giving their
life to things at ice it's beautiful
anyway peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
I hope you've just enjoyed that
incredible vlog my name is Jack grieve
and remember if you want to be
successful as much as you want to
breathe you will be successful peace out
