my name is Kyle and I'm currently in the
mountains of Haiti I'm filming for lafon
school and you were watching fun for
Louie boom good morning guys welcome to
Lake Tahoe we've just had some breakfast
we're about to head back to the cabin to
meet up with the rest of the crew and
then I think they're going to go and
swim in the lake they go for a little
hike and just enjoy the beautiful
weather this is incredible well we just
got back to the house got her found out
a Josh had a little boosted in like
crash this morning yeah bro road rash
all over there it's so like when I fell
I threw my camera as close to the grass
I can't go to a ball all in one motion
and I kept rolling but and you go
did you just slide out the gravel or
something yeah yeah I just kept sliding
it was like downhill just kept firing
like I was like where am I stop it was
going too fast
Oh bro that all right Stu I glitter so
painful man but I mean it's all part of
the game yeah man down other words I
know it really does hurt itself
yeah that's deep alright time to head
off we're all going to jam into Jax's
bus let me easiest part oh yes crew
haha is it cold in here now this is the
whole crew inside in in the truck it
could be close yeah yeah it can be a lot
yeah I think it is actually so right now
we're heading out to the lake I think
we're going to a place called Emerald
Bay if anybody knows Tahoe we're going
to go jump lake and fall two things we
have gotten to this I don't even know
apart ground like how ephemeral is real
awaking from Viking film is where we're
at so just realize guys I've actually
been here before
I don't know if you remember a couple of
years ago I was driving the Wonder wagon
with Dave and we were visiting some
friends nearby
and I'll shoot like a 360 video and
stuff all these skin.look them yeah how
do you hit like oh I don't know
check out Christians camera reg what do
you got there so I've got the 1dx
with the 16 to 35 28 and the Ronin M is
that how quite heavy to carry laughs it
definitely like an investment in the
shot like but when you watch the footage
at the end of the day it makes it all
worth it yeah are there so oh I just got
the Ronin M in all fairness I haven't
traveled it much but I already know it's
going to be really annoying yeah I call
wisely chosen today yeah I got to just
say though guys like this whole weekend
here it's a little surreal because only
a year and a half ago I quit my job I
was like okay I'm going to go travel the
world I'm going to turn this into my
full-time job didn't know how but I saw
there were people who were doing it who
are making a living out of doing it and
one of those people was fun for Louis
and to think that Here I am here and a
year and a half later on an LT a panel
with fun for Louie talking alongside him
one of the greats one of the originals
and Here I am again travelling across
the United States with him and his crew
it's just so amazing like it's insane
what can happen in this world when you
wholly dedicate yourself to something
when you just say screw it I'm goin in
I'm going to make the most of the
situation and you never know where that
road will take you but I have to say
that there's no road I would rather be
on to be able to just chill here in Lake
Tahoe right now just spending time with
quality people and like-minded people
it's such a good feeling for Townes the
slow dog doesn't look a little bit
sketchy over here though half of the
doctor like collapse
please calm or down low this is the cool
truck though cool picnic spot thanks for
bringing the picnic Jim and Laura are
going to dive in anyone else go through
it yeah yeah we go in okay
Jim how's that well like take your bread
yes cold why are you still in Laura
you're not cold
you get like a proper rush of adrenaline
going cold I think all the rivers
running in here from the snow at the top
of the mountains
does it feel like you're jumping in snow
water but then you get the warm glow
this is like the best time technically
every color
well that's it bomb that is gone oh you
think we can do that better did you do
that oh you stopped a little hammock
over here can I have a little guy
oh yeah yeah right and if you turn
sizing and scoot up it gets really nice
yeah I could please maybe sure Yeah
right
do you district into a hot tub I'm
pretty sure you'd be in heaven right how
many cameras have we got done it this is
this is an intense so I should have such
a fun day on the lake we are heading
back now to cook up a lovely barbecue
and I are gonna be and go to the hot tub
because you have to start getting cooler
lots of time back in the bar right I
just pulled over for a little group shot
in the Sun well we gathered the gang
we're trying to try to do a group photo
if you guys didn't know you guys see the
photo just know that probably took about
a half an hour to line this thing up
yeah just like we're welding shot though
because I'm in a show you're going to
shot a little getting us out of that get
that shot EE getting that shot
this wouldn't be a vlog and less Louie
getting the hot tub ready how's it going
in there it was locked
and we only unlock the hot tub never
have to unlock water oh he looks a bit
cleaner than the hot spring the other
day laughs Algie all right you wanna
prove ha ha are all free and I've been
like his tan lines are something else
there I mean it looks like it looks like
somebody hit you with no mother
but having you a pretty good one too
here well that's you got a pretty good
one too yeah you get like a link yeah
you have like the hypercolor
okay that was brought to you by Josh I
might call the camera right there guys
like exploring with Josh translation
check out my channel and exploring with
Josh on tube and all that custom in
there right two hours in the hot tub
done you look like a lot I think under
fluid train and we we will now got some
dinner
quickly joined me after the group did
all the work went shopping and chopped
vegetables they've shot the ljc
oh I'm just chillin now that looks
amazing a little bit worse oh my god
we're apartment has my partner we're
having a proper dinner together
yeah thank you particularly for the
people that did this
let the adventure thank you everyone
I think the guy still for people effort
whatever time is gone it's gone 1:30
anyway and unfortunately Christian Laura
who else is leaving Owen
Lindsay leaving 5:00 a.m. so this is
where we're saying our goodbyes and then
the rest of us to roll in our like 10:00
a.m. you having fun with a Jenga down
there so yes yes been an amazing trip
it's not quiet for us but we're kind of
the whole squad is separating so is that
it's been a really good time spin good
have a new brother we would look like
you're floating around the world yeah
man yeah it's community here and
everyday but we were just saying it's
the first trip of many that will be
going together hopefully we'll be able
to plant some fun adventures if you've
got any cool ideas of where we should do
what where where we should go or what we
should do in the next I don't know
somewhere hard in the next year we'll
all have some time somewhere huh yes
somewhere hot yeah let us know in the
comments and if you haven't checked out
Christian channel go and check it out as
appreciative here's an epic content
creator or vlogger or well whatever you
want to call us but yeah going to get
about and sexy and I'll catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life The Adventure is
the adventure boo
