hello I'm Gary and this is Cookie
Monster welcome to fun fluey we're back
in the theme park today we're gonna try
some crazy golf
yeah yeah that's right
I hit my ball off the course and now I'm
stuck behind a spiky fence oh so spiky
I am so hungry we need to find food I'm
on a mission to find food
I'm so happy
today is turning out to be very lazy
during the sunshine I had to hide inside
with is it raining it's the best of all
week hasn't been something I'm not
feeling too great today I've got a bit
of a headache and it's she Oh balls and
stuff I think it might be a fever
related also I've been waiting for five
hours for my video to upload and it's
been very slow so I'm skating down with
my laptop to find faster internet I can
I found a good spot for Internet she's
chillin here have a little coffee I just
made a Skype call to this horse-riding
place to see if we go horse riding
tomorrow and she said that less that
we're experienced horse riders because
she's not to help us so that's kind of
sad does a little Oh we'll get to the
horse riding on the beach this time so
I'm just having a little Skype chat with
Darcy hey Darcy me and that just
chilling in the tree hey now we waiting
for everyone else they went swimming
again but I was just feeling really lazy
and just needed to chill did you just
need to chill as well we me and that
haven't been feeling that good today but
it's been nice a nice rest time and now
we're gonna go for things to eat tonight
we're having a home-cooked meal
sophie is chopping some vegetables with
Phoebe and Sara's cooking sir
has anyone ever had cooks cucumber
before and if they've not like that why
not
we're gonna try it it's gonna be a cool
yeah thumbs up why don't you ever do
that I don't understand why don't be
able to cucumber
time for late-night coffee
yeah well it's been a pretty children
today we just had a lot of fun then
singing a bit of a Disney repertoire
I've got a few other questions you guys
have been asking so I thought answer
some of them for you what type of music
do I like I actually enjoy quite a range
of music I'm not so such a fan of like
really mainstream pop music or not
massive into rock I think I grew up
listening to a lot of kind of jazz funk
soul influenced stuff and I'm really
into a kind of soulful hip-hop as you
may have guessed a lot of my background
music also started deejaying drum and
bass into kind of dubstep trapped music
a lot of electronic music so yeah like I
like I like a wide range how did I meet
Jack and Finn I actually met Jack
because I watched a video ages ago last
year actually beginning of last year
when he was he had a tiny youtube
channel and he was saying that he was
going to this meet up and that he was
gonna get to meet me and some other guys
and he mentioned me in the video and
then I checked it out and then ice met
him at the Meetup and we stayed in touch
and hung out a little bit and that's how
we that's how we met why don't I wear my
dreads down it's a lot easier wearing
them up I did a few months once years
ago wearing them down they kind of get
in the way and they just they're long so
I wear them up most the time I think I
let them down usually just when I'm
dancing and going crazy on a dance floor
alright I'm gonna head to bed now but
instead of doing my usual sign out I
thought we could start a new thing and
you got to get involved
in outros as well saying kind of a kind
of inspiring saying or proverb or
something so I've got a Chinese proverb
an ancient Chinese proverb and it's a
journey of a thousand miles starts with
a single step
