today me my mama going down to Costas
for lunch with my grandma and grandpa
that's really nice my grandparents ended
up having a long discussion and my
grandpa about the heritage of our of the
MacGregors which is their Scottish clan
that on I'm from that's can I call kind
of fascinating look what my dad brought
home my pennyboard
Ben's mum works as a teacher the same
school was my dad and then I gave it to
her to give to me what's Florida say I'm
happy
as uniquely oh it's a very dark and
windy night and I've come out to hang
out my friend Matt I'm not feeling 100%
to be honest I feel a bit no lacking in
energy should be fun either way my first
go shopping that basically sums up GP
that's nice hanging out Matt very very
chilled so my way home and I've actually
passed by services that means steam
usually a go for a company and I might
just jump our never know don't wait any
board this is being done about week
since I've actually had a nice ride
around
that's awesome
skate before I head home I thought I
could answer some questions I just
tweeted out that I've got a bit of time
the short Q&A today so someone's asked
what's my favorite thing about traveling
for me it's definitely the people I meet
I've made some of my best friends from
other parts of the world and I was even
saying to my mom the other days it's
amazing that I've got such close friends
spotted all around the globe say that's
definitely my favorite thing about
traveling someone else has said why
don't I want to be associated with food
for Louie anymore it's not so much that
I don't wanna be associated with it it's
just that for me that was a fun time and
it was a cool stepping stone towards
doing something I wanted I want to do
like the longer term this is something
I'm Way more passionate about I was
never really passionate about foods to
lose just fun at the time
and I think I've moved on really where
do I see myself five years will I still
be traveling and making videos I don't
know I really don't know what I'm even
going to be doing next year I hope I'll
still be making videos I've been really
loving in the moment I've really loved
traveling I just have no idea though I
think anything could happen I'll open
for anything if I moved abroad in the
rest of my life
where would I move to that's a really
tough one I don't think I should pick
one place to stay I always get agitated
up if I'm in one place for too long I
mean at the moment anyway like I'm just
maybe one day I'll fill I can say I was
one place but at the moment I just after
a couple of weeks of being somewhere
like I want to be somewhere else other
day I just love continually exploring
and I love the variety that traveling
brings to my life
do I ever feel overwhelmed by the
responsibility of being a role model to
so many young people no I think you feel
overwhelms I feel privileged and excited
that I can be lit leading a life that
has such an impact on other people's
lives man like yes it's good it keeps me
accountable to make good choices and I
know I don't always and I know I
shouldn't be as addicted to coffee as I
am and that's not a good example by I
think it's yeah I enjoy having some
responsibility
you guys will you see in my life now
someone said admire your positive
outlook on life and how do you keep such
a good perspective I think just going
through life experiences and meeting all
sorts of people wins having so many
experiences of things I mean I could go
into loads of stuff but I think you
start getting I kind of balanced view
and things and you you become wise and
you learn how to manage expectations and
you just I guess you kind of start
learning how the world works a bit more
you know and how people work and what's
important important and you know just
not to let things get to you and how to
focus on the positive things going on
that's it for now I'm gonna head home
and get some rest so I'm gonna get some
sleep
I need to get in a better sleeping
pattern I got a bit of 6:00 a.m.
yesterday it's not good I've been tired
all day but I think 2:00 a.m. is not too
bad anyway I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy your life and live the
adventure boom
