hello my name is Samantha and you're
about to watch fun filly daily vlogs
7:30 in the morning I'm jumping the toys
Steve and LexA we're going to Amsterdam
we are horridly traffic how long like
two and a half hours and we've moved
like a mile pretty much okay milfy oh
wow
they were disarrayed advice raining I
don't understand good then I'll be ready
announcer then that's all of them Thank
You spike for Burger King boy thanks
Burger King large fries burger left
three hours sleep last night I'm having
a little nap in the ferry for my
sleeping bag to unload
we switch it on crowd let's say the
toughest names a little bit
yeah that starts in traffic in England
we should be stuck in more traffic stop
an outbreak in Belgium I have no idea
what language that woman was speaking to
me I did she's telling me she asked if I
wanted attached attached then she held
up a bag we have arrived after a
horrendously long drive lots of traffic
but we're here to stay smooth
how your penny thing this is my friend
Steve as well well you can call him
bomba and we're let's do is this we're
heading into
we're heading into somewhere to get some
food is where you are lacking an energy
right now so it turns out we I wasn't
coming to Amsterdam I was coming to like
a town relatively near Amsterdam but
it's just dead there's an that it's
10:00 p.m. it's just quite late but like
we haven't seen a single person it's
like every restaurant is closed just
dead
and we're so hungry finally found and I
open restaurant
oh yeah why would you go that's Taconic
athlete that's about man
I literally just inhaled that they
remember him from Texas hello
stay back he organized this whole trip
so you can thank you it's gonna be an
awesome color based apparent it's gonna
be maybe some horse riding theme park
tomorrow I don't know always a crazy
thing we will head into bed but check
check this little cabin we got this
little cabin two or three bedrooms and
we're here for maybe the week it's only
twenty quid each for the week that's
amazing and it before we go to sleep I
thought answer a few questions for you
guys
how long are you gonna stay in England
well I've already left England so not
logs I'm I'm now in Holland konna near
Amsterdam in some random village Dave
wants to join in here's a question for
you what was your first kiss like okay
amazing oh well what's the best birthday
present that someone can get you I'm not
a presents kind of guy like in terms of
material things I'm not into gifts and
material objects really I think spending
time with someone is more valuable to me
what did I get my GCSEs I got three a
stars one a five B's and two seas and my
a-levels were like an A B and a C I
think the youtubers in the US are mostly
young teenagers is it difficult to
assimilate yourself amongst them I don't
know that's quite true I think a lot of
my US youtuber friends are more like in
their early 20s but especially those
guys I don't really feel it older than
them I am older than them but I feel
probably at heart like younger and off
I'll end with this question and it's
kind of relevant
I'm currently in another country what's
the worst thing about travelling
everywhere and I thought about this
genuinely I don't I can't think of
anything bad about traveling everywhere
right now I'm loving it
anyway I'll wrap up there I'm gonna get
some sleep and looking forward to the
next few days
Holland Adventure anyway peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
