one two three four you you you you you
you you you you you you you know what
you're know you are watching you all
wash your
today and has to be trained up to London
I haven't got the car so I'm walking to
the train station and be having a
meeting with voice maxy
you don't miss my train
I think it just made it
you know what I'm going to catch the bus
today instead of the underground thing
Here I am voice is waiting to meet the
person of meeting I just had the nicest
meeting with this girl Misha from vice
and she's looking at research into stuff
with some articles and I think she's
kind of interested in my life but it was
like we just chatted for hours she's
like the coolest person ever
it's just on the phone jack bit who
happens to be insured itches well today
so I'm gonna wondered out maybe grab a
little coffee with it
kind of out-of-the-box thinking I like
why not put two two trains on top of
your building that's some good advice
right there that's a door and injure
each other I just stopped for a coffee
in a banana at the box park assured it's
very awesome place to chill right
chilled on the internet for a bit got a
coffee now I'm heading to see the boys
but you got there jack it's a cheeky
little chicken for you
sausage these carrots can I just point
out these carrots I got my burger but I
can't see it it's behind all of this
it's behind there is a low Manor it's
been a sick day though I'm Colin jealous
I have not one penny board with me ah
let's arrange a penny board day let's
get one spot yeah comment underneath I
move
I just don't fit any good
boom sit up yes so as you said I'm going
to Amsterdam tomorrow morning for for a
week maybe with some mates don't worry
I'm not smoking they're based a
beautiful city to explore so that's
gonna be a fun the vlog starting
tomorrow so I just arrived at Canary
Wharf from here to see my friends Cullen
hang out with him evening this is like
the one place in London with really tall
buildings
is Justin Nando's I already ate with
Justin Fanbox getting a bit of chocolate
cheese day and a coffee is the world
well done
just got back to Calum's little pad it's
pretty nice man a man like thin I'm max
are you guys that ultimate gamers look
at the view from this balcony this is
sick
yeah this is a nice balcony man I am
thinking some summer parties up here
yeah this is that this is a proper this
is like a proper house party kind of
thing oh let's do it YouTube party you
heard that guy's told him to tell him
just said YouTube party on his balcony
so we're in the swimming pool in the
apartment complex and we're just gonna
jump in the hot tub down there
like have you not been in there yeah we
forgot to bring towels and we are very
very cold
I think I'm gonna miss my train home to
back to my parents house but we're gonna
try and make it the train station so
we're going to jump in these and both
these bikes again
you enjoying the cycle just like this is
really good exercise and it's fun
jumping this train
good seeing that yeah cuz nice guy oh
he's got he's got YouTube channel really
good prank one
okay everyone should go check out our
link in the description but can say
hello
so I took quickly whizzed up to
Battersea Power Station and move my bus
my friend's bus across the car park you
may have seen a vlog couple of weeks ago
where we had to move them so had to do
that it's like 1:30 in the morning now
so I'm gonna head back down home I've
got a really early start tomorrow so I
just been on had quite long phone call
with my ex-girlfriend who's actually
gonna be in Amsterdam with my group of
friends with her new boyfriend he's also
one of my friends so we were just
clearing the air cuz it's still weird we
had quite a long-term relationship so
you know that's gonna happen but it's
gonna be cool
so I'm gonna head home now and go to bed
and I'll definitely answer some of your
questions in tomorrow's vlog peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
