hi I'm Claire and you are awesome now
you may wonder how I know this well
because you're watching fun for Louis oh
that's an awesome day today I'm starting
to believe that maybe someone might kind
of be here look you just hang in the
garden I can't go in our house no this
guy is this common outhouse wait this
isn't your house cat Oh mom can we adopt
this cat
my mother's allergic I've been spending
my sister day today sorting out some
admin to obviously vlookup equals grand
total income lookup much grand total
income month fox
just making some mashed potato mm-hmm
bangers and mash
something about thanks mom look at that
beautiful sunset all right catch you
later but still so nice to just chill
it's so weird I grew up in cover where
I'm driving through now and and I've
always seen complements my home and then
I guess I moved to London for a bit
that's funny so London is my home but
since I went to America this year and
I've been traveling a lot I find it hard
to know where I live even though like
where do you live and I'm like okay so
I'm here at Allen's house we're gonna
jump in the hot tub again I think that's
a good idea
they think it's a good idea Ellen oh
yeah it's one of those evenings it's
kind of cold outside and and there's hot
water waiting beckoning maybe we
shouldn't turn it up what you want oh
wow so hot but then so cold and the hot
my upper body hey this is really hot
today
unbelievable it's amazing Oh like I'm
cooking I'm actually cooking I can't
even feel my feet they just went crazy
you know when you get into hot water and
it feels cold I got that sensation this
is nathan allen's housemate hey hey
anything okay I'm sitting on something
both of my Ellen have have fun at work
tomorrow
Alan Weezy we need to get a lipstick on
YouTube that doesn't mean now we're
jumping in Nick's minibus yes yes boys
I find swimming / sing in the hot tub
makes me hungry
there's a better look at Nick's minibus
I haven't seen this cider life is a
journey but maybe we need to pull it
we're at Guildford uni and sorry you
knees are sorry sorry we're just gonna
pick up some random is we're gonna get
some food and just have a bit laugh so
Perry this is where I supposed to eat
it's closed and I'm still hungry
we're gonna go and get some food now
somewhere else but we've kidnapped pruna
ma who apparently was sleeping at the
University so why did you kidnap her man
because I think it's best for the future
of the group to show you mean business
because this university doesn't take us
seriously well this this guy is
realistic about
we're often an adventure now had a nice
full stomach phil has taken us to an
abandoned farmhouse somewhere we're
gonna have a little we're exploring side
you're right oh right dangerous business
this right we found a way in but it was
small but I never went get in here from
London I hit it all right I got insider
it's a little bit smaller or not get it
what is this place we just found this
window like this look at this little
spider I'm not gonna hear this one I'm
gonna let him live we have to get out of
here we're havin to abort the mission
this security for you're scared
wipes out yeah it's probably the best
thing to get hard feeling
I just got as good as my scooter
great parking in it about 3:00 in the
morning we're now heading in to Tesco's
just as we walked in we walked under the
heater that's by the front door and
we're really cold so we'd be standing
here with our hands up because it's
really warm we upgraded to the hand
dryers in the toilet
so something you might not know about
Nick's minibus is it's got some hammocks
in it for when we do the long road trips
check this out it's true you hammer so
when we go like long trips everyone can
just chill up here at hammers and sleep
and their people to chill down there and
sleep extra beds best well this
lying in a hammock
I am asleep now so it's 4 a.m. I'm
driving home I'm gonna go straight to
bed
I'll am I'll do some more question and
answer stuff in tomorrow's vlog so tweet
me hashtag ask Louie Cole any questions
you want me to answer about my life or
anything and yeah I'll see you tomorrow
remember peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
