salutations I'm Marissa and this is
tutor and you're watching fun for Louie
so just got up I had a better line
because it's such a crazy night last
night for Casas birthday I'm now going
to go over and see Zoe Alfie and Louise
at Louise's house I'm going to drive
over there and we're gonna have a fun
time together then we're doing having a
sleepover tonight and then it's my
Louise's birthday tomorrow so it's gonna
be nice
just before I head off as yeah I'm gonna
going to this opticians and trying it my
glasses mended because they're broken
that is more like it
and they clean them free awesome
oh now here we're here at Louise's house
and we are waiting for dinner some
jacket potatoes boy boy was the dinner
late
why Jonah this is Siana white and I'll
put it in the oven and it will put in
there for like half an hour and it was
cold I talked about now there's a lot of
anticipation very yummy
Oh welcome to my home he's over here oh
I know it's Elfie I like your kitchen
Louise my work tops they were glittering
them sprinkle a little mystery and so
this is a distance without mmm I'm so
hungry I haven't eaten since I had that
McDonald's this morning / last night and
then I drove up and I'm I'm pretty
hungry I was going on air a fee go
cheeky chocolate bar just just a little
one we went so we got any chocolate
houses like yeah I can we just open this
up this is important
sorry what game we play and we're
playing dream phone from 1994 electronic
tree
this is the best game in the world
basically find out who your boyfriend is
why I cannot wait I don't know I already
know my boyfriend is Harry Styles I
don't know fancy he's called Richard
this one this is the one I always wished
I would have and as the channels never
allowed to play dream phone because it's
too saucy oh that's the free successor
to the iPhone hi yeah I wasn't boyish my
mum quit
what we have to do is once I press this
gray button we begin the game you start
with Louise you've each got on these
boards and you call us so you pick up a
card right so if you've got pull you
down five five five five five one five
I'm always so dreamy and we ever that
cringe when you were young we ever yes
Paul in your frozen no I want it Paul I
always liked Richard is this what girls
do it's loverboy yeah he's quite
shh-shh-shh-shh hello it's Louise okay
thank you
yo Charlie hey mate
Oh my mom kicked me off the phone I'm
not allowed on the phone anymore
demonstration to mister guy
so if I'm not Kenny
Louise's as Mader maybe guess of who her
admirer is I hope you get rid a zit nah
it's very gonna get rejected
what's the matter Lois Zoe do you're
crashing is that Wallace laughing is so
contagious okay it is just turned
midnight it's one minute past midnight
and me Louise have it's our birthdays
now birthday - yay happy birthday happy
birthday
back it's been such a chill day today I
think a lot of people try and dislike
mad on their birthday but I just thought
our be great to have a chilled weekend
because uh I felt like I've been doing a
lot crazy stuff the last few weeks and
months and I couldn't have chosen anyone
nice to spend it with and Alfie's Aryan
Louise but her birthday as well so I
think we're going to do something fun
tomorrow I thought I could answer a few
more questions just before I go so
someone's asked did I lose my pineapple
jumper in my bag at the airport I
actually lost my pineapple jumper in
Japan and I'm convinced that a ninja
stole it someone said am I going to do a
collab with Jack and Finn I think I'm
actually going to be in their next video
which you'll have to keep an eye out for
have I ever done drugs and if so which
ones you know do you know I've never
done drugs I've never even tried a
cigarette I quite like enjoying life to
the fullest you know without having to
alter my reality or escape my reality so
I've always thought that's the best way
to live and finally and when I do a
broadcast on you now I used to do you
know a lot I don't know you guys know of
it and I've been tempted recently and I
think the temptation is you know just to
be able to interact more with you guys
and that remind me I've really enjoyed
you guys sending me in intros which I
asked a few vlogs ago for each vlog
which you've been noticing so you can
send videos to my facebook inbox if you
want I'll be cool anyway I'm going to
head to sleep but um yeah it's it's been
a great day and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
