I slept for 12 hours and I'm just too
tired so I'm gonna keep sleeping I think
today is my recovery day I need you for
a couple I've finally managed to drag
myself out of bed it's been very short
very far I'm gonna show you and I'm
gonna show you this mess with my face
I have to easy to clippers birth because
this is too thick to try and go straight
the razor it's just going to clog up
I've been editing it's been chilling now
watch the movie today just recuperating
and my dad's go home it's dinner time
what's for dinner dad hey peppery mince
mashed potatoes with skin healthy and
broccoli
one of the most chilled days I've had in
a long time and now I'm gonna hang out
with Steve for a little bit he's just
arrived
yo yell me a man okay I've made a
decision I'll cut back down to one
coffee a day because cold turkey doesn't
work I tried it today I've got a
caffeine headache but one coffee day
we're cutting back down hold me to it
guys
so one day will come up we'll have a lot
of you lay down
ah thanks Starbucks giving us our own
flavor of your space me this favorite
color they get Instagram
we copy on ahead yeah I finished mine no
you did but he hasn't and he just built
you did such other balance copy on it
we're just chillin watching Steve's
Instagram he's very very close to 10,000
mr. Gambrell that was lit Jim is going
on what's it on oh no I just touch the
screen that's fine man don't worry but 9
9 9 3 ok refresh we've had our little
business time upstairs and now we're
going to go get up any boards and have a
little ride in the car park
we had a little Skype we're now heading
to Dave's house for a late-night jacuzzi
these are all the luxuries I've been
missing in India and on our journey to
from Romania I'm needing to recover and
penny boarding Coffee time Jacuzzi time
this is a good day Steve time still your
time
friendship time it's hot tub time hey
wait
our muscles muscle relaxation we just
had the sickest hot tub session and I
feel so relaxed right now I was nice and
there was a good man
I enjoyed that oh I feel very
recuperated from today and now we're
gonna go home and get some sleep
I feel great after today it's just what
I needed I sometimes forget to look
after myself and I end up just running
myself like down to exhaustion and yeah
it's good to recover give you know have
recovery time I've been thinking a lot
today as well obviously I've just been
chilling out and just having a moment to
think because I've just been traveling
so much I don't want to be one of these
people that gets caught up with you know
the most exciting thing to do all the
time you know I'm getting so many travel
opportunities now and I don't want to be
I guess neglecting friendships I've got
and especially friends that are living a
different lifestyle to me at the moment
it's very easy to just do you know hang
out with more exciting people or do the
things that you know I'm gonna have the
most fun but friendships are a lot
deeper than that and also I want to be a
good role model to you guys I think life
doesn't work if you're just constantly
looking out for yourself and your own
fun and enjoyment and excitement and
it's important to you know value people
around you and look out for those
friends of yours that might not you
might not be feeling you're gaining a
lot from but it's um you know it's
important to give a lot to others
so there's a little word of wisdom for
tonight I've got an interesting week
ahead I don't really know what I'm doing
yet I just know that I want to stay
grounded for a bit and and try and stay
in the country although I've been
invited to Sweden this weekend but I
don't know if I'll go maybe yeah I think
I'm gonna be editing with Ben some of
the India footage for Jack and Finn
we've got a lot of footage to troll
through but it's an incredible
incredible video it's going to come out
or a series of videos that are going to
come out from it all so I'm really
looking forward to getting stuck into
that other than that I'm just trying to
get my life in order I think one of the
issues with kind of constantly being you
know away with the wind and living so
spontaneously as I di you I end up I've
got so much stuff I need to like
organize and and try and I guess you
know my life gets it's a bit of a
whirlwind you know there's so many
things I'm thinking about it's flying
around I kind of need to put some order
to it so I can kind of look at what I
want to do and need to do and I don't
end up with kind of another few months
from now and I haven't really achieved
things I want to do or anything like
that so it's been good to catch up
Steve's and I actually chatting through
things but I feel I'm in a good place
I mean I feel good and yeah again I just
want to thank you guys for being on this
journey with me and some days aren't
quite as exciting as others this is cool
I'm enjoying life and I hope you guys
are too so yeah oh I see you for another
another Sunday tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
