what's up guys my name is Hari and
you're watching fun for Louie it's gonna
be a bit of a false start for this 8
o'clock station but I'm gonna go back to
sleep when I get home
have a nice day at work
something very strange is happening with
the car he feels like I'm about to break
down
I've managed to get back but the car is
screwed bro another little nap and Darcy
texted me saying she left her she's got
like cookery class today and she left
all her stuff in the car and I dropped
them off so now have to drive back to
dodge these hills drop the cooking stuff
off but I don't know if the cars gonna
make it so I've got the micro off to my
dad he works at Darcy's school and I
taken the Volvo my other my parents are
the car a nice car to drive around today
is I'm gonna meet a friend for lunch
visit friend in hospital I don't have a
shave which are here in a bit scruffy
so freshened up with your thing yeah
just pop enough for some lunch I feel
like the last couple of days all I've
been doing is going out to lunch and
dinner with friends that you don't
really get to meet because you know not
everyone wants to be on YouTube so I
just had a lovely lunch with my friend
Laura Laura what did you have I had a
jacket and chili con carne that's nice
what do you think of the lovely weather
Laura yeah I think I've got that thing
where you're yeah you're happier in the
sunshine it is nice driving a proper car
not feeling like it's gonna fall apart
any moment I've had this Samba rhythm
stuck in my head for days so I've just
arrived visit my friend at hospital
she's quite ill
so I'm gonna just go there for a couple
of hours and keeping company
so I'm Justin cafe Nero again a little
coffee with my friend Sonny what's up
guys this is funny I haven't seen Sonny
for how many years six years five or six
years
tell him how we met right well Lou was
doing a schema for generate and then
they bring something like a bus ride to
my state and all the kids from my state
would come on the bus give you guys to
see my bus of the year and like just
have a massive light on the bus say
Pisgah start snappin arimasu by these
okay because if you get a takeaway cup
and you put it on top of takeaway cup it
steams the caramel and it not scared oh
look at you there you go tips from the
stomach so you know this morning when I
got up early gave dotty left at school
and then the car broke well and she's
tweeted a photo of what happened after
school so basically they had to get the
AAA out and to get the car towed home so
feel a bit bad
hey mom give a nice Network today no mr.
Sammon detectives and tell us what
happened with the car of the way home
that lovely
Louise has killed the Micra no it wasn't
just me
so I got a free lift back courtesy being
towed by the AAA
which was cool so today I have to drive
back in these drop Darcy's speed stuff
off but her cookery class and she's this
is the brownie that she made so I'm
gonna try some of this it's almost time
for bed it's been a nice evening hanging
with the parents and Darcy um I thought
there's a few more questions you guys
sent me a few days ago and like I said
it'd be cool to end each day with a few
questions answered and I forgot the
other day States
do I ever worry about the future I can't
ever remember worrying about the future
I definitely don't worry about the
future at the moment no no he's my role
model
I've got a few and probably my biggest
role models Jesus have I got my bag back
already the one I left at the airport
accidently nope I haven't it's still at
Heathrow Airport but they do keep lost
luggage for three months so I've got
some time to connect it's no rush and
can I judge yeah I think I can juggle
all right three balls anyway that's uh
that's some questions for tonight I'll
um I'll leave it on that night
tomorrow's gonna be exciting I'm going
to London
hanging out with Alfie and then we're
going to a big YouTube party in the
evening and everyone's going to be there
it's gonna be awesome so tomorrow is
going to be a bit more action than the
last few days and
I'll see you then peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure boom
