hello my name is Sarah and welcome to
phone for Louie right we're off for some
Brazilian lunch at our friends house
the Brazilian couple of family that are
living nearby very Brazilian food here
we got some beans rice chicken is
reminding every Brazilian some brazilian
lunch Eduardo I'm really good better
this missing big fears nostrils on
trotters apparently traditional face
water in Brazil they kind of have all
those weird parts of the pig in today
they do them it's good back so I'm now
meeting with a couple of friends Stephen
and Nathaniel I've been meaning to catch
up with them Ferrari just by I'm always
out the countries all right we're in
part of Stephen and the Fanueil we're
gonna throw a frisbee
I thought you can see it where is it oh
it's here the trees
thank you sick frisbee do you like the
daisy chain I made Stephens gonna love
the frisbee down the high street wait
for this car weights this car
you won't lose it cuz I don't know about
Cory into these hot very hot Perry this
is so long my ears are burning inside my
ears of anything which bring have been
delayed Stephen doesn't like spicy food
you hadn't ever tried my pimple
hi I'm Ashley suede you see like guys
hey do you want to try a cupcake I made
without oh yeah did you film make a film
of these yeah we're gonna post it to
YouTube
okay so don't see my mom kind of picked
me up from hanging out with the fan
newest even that was a nice day and I
think I'm gonna head straight back out
again and hang out my friend Andy so
it's been a day of catching other people
so far so I'm gonna go see my friend and
the you might remember him from my
jungle bedroom video where you know me
and my friend were doing the tropical
island decoration oh that's really nice
I don't always want to intrude and
people's lives and throw a camera in
their face so I just had an awesome
evening catching up with Andy and his
wife Michelle I'm slowly kind of
forgetting to catch up with my mates I
haven't seen in months it's good it's
good you know what I think friendships
one of the most important things in life
and I think I've realized that over
years with friendships that date back to
my childhood
it's those friends that have been the
ones are turned to you and hard times
and you know kept me positive and kept
me dreaming big and I don't know I think
the people you surround yourself and the
closest to you you know that's really
important and it really makes you who
you are I'm just thinking specialist
today is a really cured one I could ask
a few more questions now they care to
answer yesterday and maybe I can make it
a regular feature in terms of my vlogs
with a bit of a Q&A thing so a few other
questions and one was if I could do
anything I wanted right now
what would I do and this is really
interesting whether I'd actually be
doing exactly what I am doing right now
it's
what I do in life is and what I enjoy
that fat by and I'm actually doing
exactly what I want to be doing and I
think that's a really important thing in
life is not be enough in situations
where you're doing things you don't want
to be doing so it's that kind of sounds
crazy but most of the time the vast
majority of time I actually exactly what
would it be doing another question is
have you ever been a near-death
experience I actually have Dave Erasmus
who you met in Texas he saved my life
once I was swimming with him in the in
the ocean it was quite cold and I just
eat it and I am i cramped up and
actually start my best laying that we've
been quite far out from shore and
started blacking out and Dave actually
had to swim me back into Shore and I
vomited and started going into first
stages of hypothermia
and yet they they eventually saved my
life hovering around in the everything
that he's a more personal question have
I ever fallen in love yes I'm a bit of a
sucker
I've got my heart broken a few times
accordingly love girls and think that
they
one of those guys who wears party sleeve
event there's a great saying that says
it's better to be loved and lost
and I think that's true what's my
favorite vlog actually a hundred of that
and I said I gotta say it's gotta be one
of the playlist ones where I got
salvation all my mates of my youtube
face let's see this month and we just
had a big reunion and a lot of badness
parties it was naked pop top five now
there's all that starfish I loved it you
know she looks like my favorite someone
said what do I look for in a girl I
never read about relationships I don't
know I it's hard to say it's hard to say
but probably just someone that's
laid-back
doesn't take life too seriously probably
up living slightly alternatively love's
traveling back home it's been a good day
I'm gonna head to bed
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
