so I just woke up we left all the lads
at the airport last night we've been
driving all night and we just come to a
border crossing so going into hungry
yeah yeah how's your drive man
it's good I just have it they're not
gonna check because I have a visa that's
I'm supposed to leave we're supposed to
fly out and because we changed our minds
them or coming back into Hungary hope
that I'm not gonna leave here in
different format
I realized that I forgot to bring shoes
we're just getting a fueled up and me
and Ali are watching Knicks YouTube
video that you put out every day and
we're still in hungry we're going to be
in hopefully in Bosnia seen probably in
and then coal of ours and saying so tip
the steri-strips off my eyebrow the
thing needs to dry out a little bit even
though hospitals Hobbit it even one for
five days I think it's going to be
alright because then we just hangin up
anyway
we've got a long way to go because my
okay I didn't actually get to nap until
we're we're arriving in certainly right
now
good luck an EU citizen again where the
South Africans belong to same love
series's that was quite easy border to
get through into Serbia so I'm surprised
I'm surprised it's because I had ray-ban
that was just us coming out of Hungary
we're now going into Serbia and you'd
all hyped up for nothing
problem really - you can read the
Indonesian yeah it's saving not changing
we can't we can't come into Serbia so we
have to replan I'll really home now
because it looks like Nick cannot get
into Serbia and that scraps are plans
for Belgrade and Sarajevo in Bosnia but
you know we'll make this work we'll find
another route we'll find another route
we'll come up with a plan we're going to
go to we're going to go to Budapest and
then to Croatia back into Hungary we
just keep like a days to get back into
Hungary which we just left and I was
like 400 degrees in here
Budapest here we come where Ali's
realized he's actually got some things
he needs to be doing back in England so
he's gonna be flying outta Budapest
he's just booked his flights and he's
leaving in like two hours or something
and then he's going to just leave me a
next ride back okay
so we're just chillin in Budapest
Airport way for Ali to go and we saw
these guys filming themselves in the
corner and we went over and it turns out
they've got a YouTube channel there too
Hungarian guys what you what your guys
names hi everybody
and we Channel is no way that's short
movies me gonna end that's all on I'll
link them in the description you go
check check out and you got many videos
up to 2 videos
all right sounds just me and Nick now to
navigate ourselves back to London and
still don't really know which countries
are going to go through I think Croatia
is next on the list through slovakia
slovenia slovenian whatever
you
so we're back in the center of Budapest
and we're just chillin in the hotel
again a lot of editing to do Nick's not
feeling great he's gonna just relax
trying to find somewhere to sleep for a
little bit and we're just gonna have a
chilled evening and then hopefully heads
over would Croatia right I've left the
hotel and I'm just going to going to my
fine Nick he wandered off a while ago to
try and find somewhere to shower because
obviously we don't have a shower in
Rodney so then using the guest house
down here like a like a little hostile
listening it's the biggest I've ever
seen in my life
thanks for the shower that was a nice
refreshing break me in it got a shower
ended up showing some random and Swiss
girls the video that we shot yesterday
in the gypsy village and now we're going
to try some food I'm going to get coffee
on you usually get some sleep and we
roll into pro Asia
so we're leaving Budapest
about five hours on the road
I've pulled over into a little rest stop
because I am shattered I don't think
I've slept enough the last few days and
road trippin with two people it's not
quite as restful as road tripping of the
whole group of people because you can't
share as many driving shifts and stuff
so I'm going to get some sleep and then
do more driving tomorrow morning
but it's been in a chill days being cool
hanging out a neck this it's been fun
if you haven't checked out next videos
yet I think seeing some really cool
stuff and he's he's looking to set up
some things and some advice stuff and he
really wants to help you guys out kind
of what you want to do in life and stuff
so again if you haven't already go and
check him out subscribe and join us for
the next couple of days of our adventure
back to youth the UK peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
