it's ten by six in the morning we've
arrived in Cristero and we're just
trying to find where we're supposed to
be go in oh yes
bunk beds I can I base it up bunk
well we got about five hours sleep and
we're now heading down to a local
restaurant to have some late and brunch
we've rested what's the plan today on
deck we're going to get you guys can
have some foods and that's what you like
doing on these vlogs and then we're
going to go to villages Schwab village
we've arrived in this gypsy village
called Schwab and I'm taking my penny
board out for a little spin
so we've got these vehicles done a bit
of road trips been a bit different
because we've all been split up and
breaking down and all sorts but you've
got this people carry out which is going
to gusty who's like a real man of this
community he's a guy in his family that
we're here that's the reason we come
because we want to support them and
their vision to make add impact in their
own community sort of met this family
you had like a mom and a dad and nine
kids we came here two months ago the dad
died and I'll show you the house now and
he'll show you the house that the one
Ali couple of lads Craig and Barney
raised the money for to build them a new
house er the sketch were going to look
Wow 13 kids lived in here yeah I think
it's just this a smaller room and is
very hard for a prostate Lisa Lisa
circulation is dis family so this
project of building this new house is
supported with all the stuff that
regenerates been doing that and
big-endian here with all these other
lads and it's it's cool it's really cool
to see this because of the situation
with the other house I fear the lads
from your stay and round rooms right as
well we're gonna raise the money to
build a new house so it is sponsored by
tried to Paris which would be was
sponsored and now who know Afghan later
he's built this house yeah you guys met
in the one when I went
Josh's gig in London and he's talking
about the psychic avoidance then to
raise money for this are you happy with
how it's gone extremely happy yeah
everyone that donated as you can see
they got solid foundation yes good man
so we're teaching some of these kids
that it's good to pick up litter and not
leave like rubbish all over the place
it's crazy man it really is crazy I was
not expecting us at all
so ghastly who's living in the village
he wants to turn it into like a
community center maybe a guesthouse and
to be doing some really good stuff in
this area and dave has done a bit of a
more in-depth video about gusty and his
dream and vision and what's happening
here so make sure to go and check Dave's
video out what he's up to
or link in the description we are now
going to go and check out another
village down the road which is even in
even worse condition apparently this is
Tim he's been there family friends for
four years my parents have known a few
years and he's an Akuma yeah he taught
my mum French he was a French teacher
but he's a incredibly inspirational man
and he's been working out here in
Romania for about 23 years doing
incredible stuff and he's going to show
us around and and just tell us what he's
doing at the moment so what I'm going to
do show you one or two houses we'll go
in a house or two and you can see the
sort of thing that we're trying to to
work with and to help all the family
lives even one bit as the two boys can
you imagine a teenage boy having to
sleep with this moment little sister and
little brother that's what they did so
this is the long road the upgraded house
it's the one we're gonna go have a look
at the old house now it was raining last
night by everything and it all came in
here and this will be a bit
and last night it rain and they all got
wet just the roof Tim how much would it
cost to rebuild this house once we'd
knocked it down a house about three
meters by four or four meters right for
entourage things will cost two and a
half thousand pounds so we have to raise
that do you live here yeah you did how
is it living is it good bad yeah okay
it's good you're happy yeah oh that's
good you happy I'm happy
okay boys all right look baby but I'm
very new sister call it a baby
she's got no money at all a husband left
her she looks after three children and
she said to me a while ago you dumb
Cicero's oh yeah she said I'm very rich
I'm a very rich person because I don't
really love each other yeah I spin
an incredibly moving experience just
looking around that village being
welcomed into that house and like the
hospitality is incredible
and it's just been mad to think that
people live in these conditions and
potentially how much we can help them
you know their lives could be
transformed by you know small donations
a bit fundraising and be able to build
houses for them it's just yeah it's just
made me think like how can we all kind
of help people like this
you're back in the first gypsy village
schwab and we've been invited for dinner
we've got goat goulash Oh got some bread
potatoes where you said buys food daily
sustenance very very generous this is
our good friend Brenda from the villager
schwa in Romania so hello Brenda Brenda
came with us to Kenya a couple of months
ago and did some work in Kenya so I'm
mixing it up how was it amazing
very nice memories beautiful experience
yeah well let you go Paulette fat but
she's bought a family they were working
with her and Schwar and they're amazing
people and we love them so just give you
guys with an update in this situation we
were going to give Rodney this vehicle
to the guy here but because of the cost
of registering it and in Romania it's
better for us to buy it often like
offering money instead so I'm going to
keep Rodney and me and Nick and maybe
our friend Allie are going to drive back
to the UK over the next three days it's
going to be sweet
so we've just been chillin in Bonn Feeny
the restaurant I bumped into my friend
or she we we actually met 14 years ago
in this town and I came like 16 to do
some like work with an orphanage here
and we met and stuff miss we've stayed
in touch and we're now going to go to
this party which is like half an hour
away
Sora Cluj Airport in Romania and
basically everyone's going okay students
are facing trip I'm still let man yeah
man hot scenes you know soon this is
this is pretty much the end of my night
I think we're going to drop these lads
off and then I'm gonna go to sleep but
if you guys were moved at all from the
kind of the Gypsy village we've visited
and the amazing work Tim's doing then
feel free top line in the description to
go through and make some kind of
donation towards the houses they're
building be awesome and it's so great to
have the opportunity to share this kind
of stuff with you guys and to get you
guys involved I'm going to go sleep now
and catch you guys tomorrow I don't know
where I don't know which country but um
peace out into a life lived adventure
