good morning guys
VidCon is over in about an hour we're
leaving on our road trip up to Lake
Tahoe in the bus but before we go we've
got the laundry today so heading over to
a laundromat across the road white paper
money do the thing I don't understand so
stupid
so road tripping number one Evan well
she was rushed
okay wrote Cooper number one a day
number two is number two
Evan come on the bus we have road
tripping number three Cody road trip
number four Josh get Josh broke river
number five Jack yet bro we're good
we're almost ready to roll I know no
idea it'll be great it's going to be
epic probably finally leaving the hole
the hotel parking lot where we fought
for three days and we are going to be
heading to Taco Bell to pick up the rest
of the team they work for lunch
believing a little bit later plans are
smelting the goods are from this
building we get some time
got to figure out the best way to down
yeah we have the crew thank you - as you
can see we've got a lot of people we
need to head it to LA now pick up soya
Raya Christian Laura however it can
reopen it alright we've arrived in
Marina del Rey pick up the other lot
nice little Drive
it's a warm day today guy beautiful you
did pretty warm on the bus how do we
have all the windows laughing oh no wait
for my tell Jax is doing right we need
to shift some people over in here to the
Venetian driver I get my guys I got
Wi-Fi 18 P hotspot if anybody needs that
we had a ton of electricity
air-conditioning and it's ounces of it
yo bro y'all ready boosted told me how
many persons are we going out for now
wait wait what is that you just like the
rest of the crew you have arrived
hey Jack Ryan
that's me a lawyer
we've got to Walmart I am just guarding
the bus right now what everyone else
goes in is insanely hot I know I say
that I love it like 42 degrees Celsius
and I think we dipped into the valley as
we were like driving north of LA it's
like suddenly they get into this
completely different climate so
swelteringly hot as I said we are
camping tonight or maybe I didn't say it
but we are camping tonight and we're
getting some tents and we also get some
sleeping bags Laura why are you in that
of it silly oh yeah eight nine dollars
you got all the camping things
hi this is the best place to catch a
trolley guys we have a sound yeah
there's a truck in the slow lane that is
smoking like crazy I feel like it
totally eradicated brake pad oh no it's
not enough whoa
we're going everywhere then it's
probably a combination of the actual air
temperature like heat everything's fine
you a and then the friction of like
desire have no help no
they are but the toilet and revive it
I'm walking around your image knocked me
down no matter how far away I find
myself hey we have just pulled over to
have a little break stretch our legs if
you'd ride around on our board slide
round and just yeah enjoy Golden Hour
yeah
yeah this benign okay so yeah we're
talking okay yeah come on just join the
party Interpol but we're getting our you
got some serious are the pylons in there
100 yeah oh nice oh wait what one one
anticlimax
you
thank you
you
yes
it's dinnertime we are stopping our
place towards Firestone grill it it's
very warm guys do it I think it's still
36 degrees or something and there's like
8 p.m.
hopefully they've got aircon in here
why we have a side of right there and a
side salad back in the bar we have two
hours left got about 20 minutes left I
think and we are heading down a very
steep winding road that would be known
for like an hour now but the brake pads
overheating and kicking out don't you
smoke so we're so we're going to this
but it's pulled over to them cool down a
little bit this is a pretty brutal Road
did you know that you're smoking - yeah
I own yours are smoking so does anyone
know what to do when the brakes are
smoking like this let them cool down a
thing within it as you've done this dude
I've never experienced that either I
thought my view have you done Roseville
utilize those really I did not feel
comfortable or safe whatsoever
especially when we stopped it looked
like we were both on fire within this
please the antagony alleged condensation
build it up with him we to make sure
yeah relations all of our air pressure
yes some of you may not know that Jim is
noses we're on a bus mechanically and he
actually is the guy that owns the yard
and worked in a lot the buses including
my boss back in the UK so I talk about
it more next rate we call me back in the
UK but his and taken over the project
from Mike and if if you've been
following
for the last year my vlogs you have seen
about a double-decker back in the UK so
yeah we'll have a look at how that's
getting on I think it's almost completed
it's taking a lot longer than planned
but anyway Jim's working on that now and
I'm glad he's here with us because I I
don't know how to get the condensation
out the air at the air tanks and I don't
really know any mechanics fearless very
minimal how are you guys doing in here
yeah like with other cars we get our
like in the windy road yeah happen
freestyle rapping yeah I first we just
thought it was your birthday was on fire
and then turns over so close yeah right
we've given it 2025 minutes see that
doesn't nothing hoping we don't have any
serious issues
I'm optimistic
oh okay we had a lot of confusion ever
we finally found the the camp stock it
has a drive along the runway and then as
you saw my vlog ran up and take down
when JP came to scout this place out and
Lindsey joined in and she just come to
join us and a few others driven up from
LA another open pockets of fog there
what our nice to meet you see how did
you drive
well guys and part the bus is up we've
got our entire crew here now the boys
are scared of bears so scared of bears -
the feel of their fitness degree in a
tent on the bus it's too big no it's
gonna work out for us if I can have a
tent on the roof I think Danny Adventure
bus can have its handle around yeah yeah
all right everyone snuggled up in bed
exists on a few long exposure photos of
the stars is look quite nice I've got a
little bit editing to do and know that I
should fully admit as welcoming 3 a.m.
and we want to get off relatively early
demise so we can get to Lake Tahoe
before it's dark potentially and yeah
we've got a cabin up there it's going to
be pretty epic
Ryan catch you guys in the morning peace
out enjoy life and the adventure but
