today I'm gonna be doing some editing on
my computer so quite a lot of the day
because there's some pretty awesome
videos I want to show you guys and I
have no
it's actually I think maybe Spring has
hit in the UK finally though DS picked
up Darcy from school and we are now
going to go and get a hot chocolate or a
smoothie or something and hang out and
do some kind of video stuff I think
we're just going to nip in here for a
little coffee this equipment is
restricted children up to 12 years old
oh good down 12 then i'm 13 next year
still got the swings does gonna try and
kick her shoe over the fence party
I used to climb in the army and still
here I think I might get let's have a
vote which one's best cookie day
carmel soup trucks whole fish food
for some reason tonight I've decided to
look through a whole archive of old
videotapes that we've had to dig up some
really cool footage from for you guys of
Adventures of being on when I was
younger so just a little idea
each of these tapes is an hour long
that's for starters
then I've got all of these down here as
well and I'm capturing on my dad's video
camera for those of you have watched my
draw my life video I mentioned when I
when I was 16 I'd um bunked school for
the day and went to Paris with my friend
Andy I have found I've loved that when I
was 16 I found the video tape of our
trip to Paris our little road trip so
I'm gonna edit that and put it on this
channel is as like my memories video so
watch out for that soon but it's pretty
crazy I can't believe I was vlogging
when I was 16 YouTube didn't even exist
so it's been a really children today I
been hanging at home doing some bits and
bobs hung out with Darcy for a bit that
was nice and I'm about to head to bed
but before I do I was just gonna show
you guys something so um I've been
chatting with Lindsay Charlie McDonald's
mom if she is here and she's supporting
this campaign for the if campaign and
they're doing this thing called if
YouTube which you guys can get involved
with it's basically a campaign to try
and eradicate world hunger it's a simple
issue there's kids out there there's
people out there they're on getting
enough food and it's you know people are
dying just from not having access to
food
it's one in eight people in the whole
world go to bed hungry which i think is
insane that is insane and 260 children
die every hour from hunger so basically
this campaign is saying if we rally
together we can encourage the people
that make the decisions to make the
right decisions to put things in place
so there's a petition I'm going to link
below and a website for Save the
Children which the petition is going to
go to the g8 summit where all the
leaders meet together and I think
together I mean it seems like one of
those big things is like oh you're never
gonna change world hunger or stop Wars
and stuff but if we genuinely all do and
we get this message out there sign this
petition I think it's being delivered to
Downing Street for the g8 summit by Save
the Children we can we can see something
change so I just wanted to encourage you
guys to do that before I head off to bed
so go do that now and I'll see you guys
tonight
