hello everyone it's been too long I've
missed you guys I haven't uploaded in
like 20 days 20 days we no daily vlogs
but today is the day I'm back well I'm
not actually back I'm still in India
this is my last morning we're flying
back to London in about two hours but I
will be uploading the vlogs I'm just not
sure when they're going to be rolling
out maybe like two a week I'm gonna
start in a month or so and we had such
an adventure a lot of you were following
my Instagram and Twitter and stuff so
you could see what I was up to but it
was one of the most incredible journeys
and adventures of my life these are the
things that we travelled across India
there that uses taxis everywhere but we
drove in ninety thousand watts
we have arrived at the airport
nice little drive-through deli and we
need to check our luggage in
and get to the gate quite quickly
because we've got an hour before a
flight wakes up now some viewers have
come to see us up in the airport so how
have you found India overall been and
pulling it in love with in the a little
bit maybe it's growing us a little bit
fleet-footed going home I'm excited for
London but I feel like there's so much
more to explore here definitely coming
back man oh yeah definitely man
definitely up for that
have you found India man are really nice
actually really enjoyed it except now
we're an hour late but well not half an
hour behind it we may miss our flight
so ever be an India for a bit more and
then you may have some more blogs in
India
so I'm could be quite exciting have you
found India Harry it's really amazing
it's been incredible it's kind of hard
to even put into words I've just found
like the most amazing time I've loved
India amazing can't wait you guys to see
the blocks as well it's going to be
so ride the airport and our flight takes
off in an hour and we haven't gotten to
the airport yet because you just reach
this desk and they're just checking if
you like a manual log if we like on this
bike well hey we just made it in time to
the flights we're getting on the I just
saw a flexing on the fact that like five
months ago we marked this Apple on the
mat we're like right we're going to go
across India train Macs deli and leave
it I didn't actually think was making it
yeah yeah now we're now we're here made
on time and we've completed the trip we
getting off flight and it's been a
massive success
listen yeah I'm not like it's rare that
I feel this bad it feels kind of surreal
I don't actually feel like we're going
to be back long nose holidays be gone if
you go away from a quite different or if
you go away for a while when you get
back to your home country it just feels
so surreal like the idea of having 3G
like constants now that's not a thing
judge channel bear who said this
hello thank you
you excited go back to London so excited
to go around me I actually really am
- convening the hottest stickiest
environment emote and I was like
throwing a nice jumper on into the dunes
and go right there very big hairy mat
and we're all just snuck into Premium
Economy sat down I think they might get
away with it I don't usually get weird
about flying to another country so I
just fill this has been such an epic
trip it's a bit weird
my doctor did to get caught even though
Gabriel called like any something else
worth the try now I'm something a little
bit cheeky here we're in economy there's
no power supplies just through these
curtains in economy they've got power
supply so what I've done is
run a little extension later
and
 now
charge my MacBook hurry on the plane
that's what is well thought might be fed
up with everybody in a straight line
actually I already loved it loved a
corner
back in England so the noise having been
cleaned up today about the whole trip
and what we've been up to something
really exciting is happening while we're
out there is that we raised a whole
bunch of money Teenage Cancer Trust and
I'm just pulled up my phone now we've
actually raised almost one hundred and
twenty thousand dollars since we've been
out in India and I think that it's just
such an achievement it's so exciting to
know that what we have in our adventure
out there we've been doing something
which is been having an amazing impact
on something a lot bigger than our
little trip so it's cool it's really
cool
alright I'll start your trip I'm back at
my parents house been dropped off to let
man twisted it's been been amazing
amazing I'm actually back very briefly
because they even steeper picking me up
very soon I haven't told you guys yet
but we're driving to Romania tonight I'm
not joking yeah I'm so glad I got to
come home I don't bin I just heard a
horn outside look who it is ah good see
you know hey baby hey boom look at this
baby and we named it yet okay we're
gonna name it again Elena we're gonna
let you guys name they're our new
vehicle juicy goose bit
come on below and we need to go really
are we going to go back to let me go
about we're driving to Romania we are
going to Romania and we've got a little
two stops we've got to make on the way
one we've got a rescue some stuff in
Belgium and we'll see how that goes
and we are going to see a community that
a bunch of our mates have been really
committed to and connected to over the
last couple years and we go give some
give them some stuff that they need and
it's all part of regenerate you get
probably gonna hit the road now I'm
excited for the next adventure already
oh wait like below I get a swimmers idea
so I hope you guys had a little accident
I was opening the boat and my skateboard
fell on my head split my eyebrow right
over so we're in Dover anyway and we're
just refilling just blood coming down
your noggin hey I'm sorry of your screen
which guys there's blood all over my
face okay we're going to be waiting
about an hour to get the ferry my ie is
really hurting my eyebrow it's split
these guys think I need stitches I'm
going to try and get some medical
attention on the ferry in the meantime
there's nothing much of food so I'm
going to try and do this again this is
versus we got power in the vehicle
because we've got about 1,700 miles to
drive over the next two days
guys this mine I can't get any worse
eyebrow now I got my iPhone smashed it
having going front-facing camera now
she patched me up but also advised me to
go to the hospital when I get to Calais
and maybe get stitches oh you guys whoa
she says boy she says on these stitches
rough and I should definitely go
somewhere in Calais
we're in France I can't find a hospital
because we haven't got working maps or
anything so we're just going to try and
find something in Belgium tomorrow
I'm gonna get some sleep all the links
are in the description too like
continued innate Enterprise yay and the
stuff that we've been fundraising for in
India find the nomads limited-edition
India vest top and t-shirt you can order
as well links there and oh I'll catch
you guys more of the adventure across
Europe tomorrow peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boo
