hey guys I'm doing a bit of different
video today this is I'm loony sister
Darcy some of you may not have met dotty
yet and we're going to be watching
through some old videos of us growing up
together I'm quite a bit older than
Darcy so this is going to be a bit of a
shock to you guys at how old I was and
Darcy was born and seeing these clips
and Darcy hasn't ever seen some of these
clips before so we're going to watch and
enjoy now it's after day well you
remember the video yeah this shows my
response cuz I'm literally a Babel where
you get going
oh no he give it like a totodile
engineer baby him this is before I went
oh my oh hot tonight bright uh I've
never so like
I love you ah now that's when you yeah
I look pretty young but you look quite a
bit younger just a little bit yeah
oh my god okay this is a little outing
for the fun buzz encourage a nice dinner
yeah you're making me yeah I could admit
this is me learning to walk okay so
here's the thing you've watched me grow
up all right
but you still wouldn't even remember
these like it was the video yeah
basically I used to drag you around
remember
all I remember that bill baby see that
Golemon are you safety driven man
nice to look up baby C Q hold our under
that tent ha
good flavor sir
come see my critics tend to move away
this is when you're first recognized in
the camera you're like my this is my
favorite friend on Louie I'm Hillary and
so you do a very stout Yuri over Louie
I'm Henry and down and we put together a
video of our family
I've lost 25 years
so that's the lesson just me at the age
way by what clips me I just
cringe I don't think it's cool thank you
oh so how did you how did you feel
watching back our life together as the
years went by the more embarrassing it
got for me I could have used way more
embarrassing clips it shows like this
amazing like like age difference and
then it kind of grows up to how we're
like friends now cuz me and Darcy a good
friend you forgive me for some of those
clear well I was gonna know we're going
to be friends of yours like oh well
that's been really fun and it was so
nice looking through all that footage
and finding old clips of me and Darcy
and we did a Q&A on Darcy's channel the
sibling tag the sibling tag so if you
haven't seen that click on Darcy now and
go subscribe to her channel and I'll see
you see bye hi
