good morning and we are outside the
Google offices we are here today to what
we did today before so I've got a flat
on my face we are here for a charity
youtuber collaboration day and so we've
got two things going on inside some cool
talks and yeah just hang out see what
happens let's go check it out
and you got a name tag days back oh my
god here we go it really really did i'm
looking at the comments i thought there
might be more like you sellout me that
was one or two they're always it is like
horribly abusive but like actually 99
okay so we're sitting in a creative
space here talking with the Save the
Children guys and Steven I just had this
little idea and they're a little find
the Nomad to give away and so do you go
to either give me doc on for Saturday
the better channel or to give me back
from Fort I Steve which is obviously you
want to give me every day we'll both be
support and save the children for 48
hours after this vlog goes live and we
will select the winner at random from my
streaming from Steve stream to win I
find the nomads item of your choice so
go to give you talk on for thursday
right now wave Miriam come on just a
little way there we go Miriam works at
Google with charities and she is awesome
not often I get to say this but today's
biggest mirror or toilet behave goes to
the you two boxes tie-break all read
full length mirror hello hello we have
in the Google canteen it is unreal we
just finished the YouTube offices and it
was wicked such a cool session that was
really awesome to be there any company
that has banana is an atomizer it was
great to do the panel session and it's
just like realized how lucky we are too
young that Louie has helped us to sort
of launched our channels independently
and now I like what I've been working on
with giving for so long trying to get
people to connect with giving and
finally meeting people that can do that
and you know I guess the same for you
yeah no definitely very very thankful to
Louie for obviously helping us out and
us being having these opportunities to
do these kind of things yeah definitely
and even today to be able to put it on
the channel without the children and I'm
going to be the theme in my eyes no just
give it up for full HD space just
another little thing anyone who donates
through Dave and I we're also going to
give you a five pounds off to find a
nomad store so no strings attached
you'll get five pounds off any item in
the final ms torso
so make sure you donate through Dave and
I but obviously mostly me hey hey
