hi my name is Nikki I play the tuba and
you're watching pump early this morning
we're going on a delivery little drive
for find the nomads we're gonna drop off
some of the some of the t-shirts hand
delivered to people's doors and we're
gonna hope they're in and I got my
little coffee banana croissant
yeah thanks mate and wait we can still
work for a couple yeah yeah and I'm
gonna be I'm gonna have a man day trying
to get ready for India one more day in
England crazy I am trying to search for
these power inverters which we need on
the tuk tuks in the India trip and I
cannot find them anywhere literally been
to like three Argus's I've been to a
home base and I've been like searching
online so it's turned out into a bit of
a mission alongside this these
deliveries were doing can't find a nomad
so
yeah come pick up in other way a man and
look at Ben's equipment India
we rollin you ready film the event
you see the nuts up
we're in Kingston and he's pops the post
office and get my international driving
licence before we go to India another
thing I'm left to the last minute and it
turns out Kingston post office does not
do international driving licenses though
we're gonna have to figure out another
plan wait Steve you know proper
hamburger yeah
by what healthy shoot us a new mac and
cheese it's such a bastard we are done
that warrant burger I found out how much
so Steve's gonna drop me off there Ben's
got do some shopping and then he's gonna
meet me there Yeah right
I mean the post office and I need to get
a passport photo done for the
international driving license so I'm
this little brief I need to like press
something okay
please select a product okay
James just arrived getting his license
before you so I just makes me not
tissues and got my glasses repaired but
I have to put a completely different
like our monitor it's a completely
different time arm to the glasses so it
means the least I'll be able to see you
and I'm driving to India
I'm now heading into Hammersmith station
to meet my friend Lena I came here with
Luna and Chloe and we are Scotland how
you feeling
they've got massive bags massive bags
yeah yeah this is what happened last
night guys how bad is that have you been
getting beaten up by guys Scottish
dancing I knew that was gonna happen
we have dropped the girls stop off and
speeds join dances hello mate
the girls have got skateboards so we
decided it's a bit unfair so we're all
gonna get bite
we have three bikes I'm gonna skate for
a little bit and then when Chloe goes
I'm going to take over
you're right okay I'm teaching Luna to
skate we're just doing beginner lessons
down a hill we just found a very nice
Lebanese looking restaurant kind of
thing and it's all outside and Lunas
really excited cause she's Lebanese
these Lebanese you ain't living these
men Luna can read Arabic hey what does
it say I don't know yeah like I read me
slowly I like this lipstick I loses oh
god I don't know it's not edit it makes
no sense
do you know how crazy my lemonade is it
hasn't even got lemon in it that's how
crazy he'll ever notice
Luna's for a serious no yeah that's nice
and that's the one
okay looks like we've got rice we've got
chicken I don't know what these these
things best are the same as yours but
without the rice in a wrap
we finished dinner and we are now
getting a crepe and maybe a little
coffee yes and Steve have to go he's
gone home but we're gonna hang around
and eat Nutella coffee hot chocolate
what you got there Nutella banana and I
got some hazelnut thing which they
recommend this I've had such a nice
evening of Lena she's really cool guys
she's like videos and stuff she's very
funny and I know really late I was gonna
hang out Steve I've left it ridiculously
late I I'm just gonna catch the last
train
so the trains about to leave any minute
but while some here thought this bigger
try to explain a few things to you guys
so basically tomorrow morning by the
time this video is up it would have been
this morning or release me Jack and Finn
Ben will Harry and Max are leaving to
India I've already explained a little
bit about it basically I'm not going to
be uploading daily vlogs whilst out
there it's gonna be really tricky we're
driving constantly we're doing this big
thing it's gonna be limited Internet I'm
gonna be doing lots of filming well the
main video is going to go off on Jack
and Finn's Channel and then later on I'm
gonna put some vlogs art but in the
meantime you're gonna be able to keep up
with everything on Twitter and on
Instagram which I'll link in the
description follow me in those things
cuz I'll be updating these like everyday
properly Stevie we have stopped off at
our usual late-night spot we haven't
been in for a while yeah
sameen Steve sitting at the top of
Starbucks we thought what better to do
at 3:00 a.m. in the morning four hours
before I fly to India and do a you know
for us so we're live with you now hey
everyone everyone's chance to us yay
Bosh done it's been a crazy long day
I've got I'm gonna get maybe one or two
hours sleep max Steve's off I'm not
gonna see him until I get back from
India that's crazy that is crazy man
it's now quarter six
I've still got a pack of discharging
batteries and stuff and I just thought
one last thing guys obviously Jack and
Finn they're gonna be announcing the
main kind of donation and stuff that
we're doing for Teenage Cancer Trust but
I thought I'd do my little bit as well
and find the nomads the t-shirts Rd we
are releasing a limited edition I've got
the vest top but there's the t-shirts as
well and it's um it's a an India design
Jake did a little elephant and on the
back miss this design find the Novus FDA
and basically all the profits from these
t-shirts are going to be going to
Teenage Cancer Trust so I'll link the
website in the description and they'll
be up on there soon so get involved Bert
like I said go for Jack and Finn's
channel and follow what we're doing out
in India I'll see you guys in a few
weeks
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
