hi there I'm Jasper and therefore moment
you're watching foam for Louie
hope you enjoyed the video I'm not
really sure how today's gonna pan out
because I'm planning just to be home all
day editing videos and relaxing my
family so see how are you doing today
month
good I got a big yeah
Jazmin new contacts turn she's doing a
adjusting
I'm gonna have some piece of for lunch
that's such a cool utensil whilst I'm
having my pizza I'm just going to show
you guys Dave's latest videos it's
brilliant
basically he did this whole parkerich
across fingers syrup dancing like couple
dollars in Waterloo station yes amazing
I'll link you guys in the description
but you gotta go check that out in
hilarious
my mom's going out some kind of band
rehearsal or something she's got massive
keyboard it's actually pretty heavy I'm
gonna give her her hand carrying it to
the car oh I just found this in my house
I want to show you guys where we're
going in India so basically we're
starting over here and we're following
kind of along this river the Ganges
we're driving all the way to like up
here somewhere
across the north in tuk tuks it's gonna
be crazy but like I said before it's all
in aid of Teenage Cancer Trust say I'll
keep you up to date with it all but it's
exciting I'm just preparing for India
and I bought eight 32gig SD cards for my
all the footage we're gonna be filming
for Jack and Finn's channel and I'm
labeling them now these little numbers
today I'm hopefully filming a video of
Darcy where we react to kind of old
videos of us together and I'm having to
capture loads of old kind of family
tapes and stuff with this big video
camera and for the days of these guys
those tapes
hundreds of tapes old technology in
there sorry it's been a long day of
editing I've got loads more today but
it's dinner time what have you got for
dinner mom no thanks that was you made
in a source who things might actually
start cooking channel if they see those
of you that are new might have not see
some of my old of looks and my dad like
a month ago is showing us the cooks some
things but I think you should start
cooking channel got some time presented
a food sorry for speaking my mouth very
rude it is laptop Club in the cold
family household reduced to being on
that top side you working or you don't
mum
PFF I'm doing a bit both editing not
really work but my body is so hard to
stay motivated today I've got so much to
get on with and I'm procrastinating I'm
trying so hard to focus but it's
difficult it's already quite late I
haven't even left the house today
it's kind of a nice feeling cause I'm
always about just going
well it's 3:30 in the morning I'm still
plugging away at some editing this old
contraption and we're gonna get some
sleep
saying yeah it's been a relatively dull
day for you guys but I've got quite a
lot of stuff done I'm happy tomorrow I'm
gonna go down to Brighton and visit
Alfie and Zoe's down there and maybe
Marcus we're gonna hang out and have a
fun day so I'll catch you then peace out
enjoy life and live adventure boom
