good morning guys it's my second day
here in Barcelona if you missed
yesterday's vlog I flew here just for
the weekend for the Mobile World
Congress I've been invited here by Nokia
mobile who are sponsoring today's vlog
and I'm about to head into the main
arena here and check out the setup they
have they launched some phones yesterday
that launched it's all very exciting and
yes now I'm going to go look around see
what other things are happening and yeah
check out their there Nakia village
which is like a big yourself they have
no guys I got my badge we're heading in
this convention is absolutely humongous
probably took us like 20 minutes just
walking through the convention system
just to get here
okay we found Eduardo and yeah this is
the outside village right i've dropped
my bag off and i'm going on the hunt for
a bit food now antigen just to check out
the conference to see some of the other
things going on Sam Evans is here guys
and I haven't seen him in ages so we
trying to meet up with each other it's
just like a billion people here feel
like he's around here somewhere I can
see him I can see him he's stealthy he's
coming through the crowds yes
Longman right I've taken sound to the
nokia behind the scenes this is the this
is the this is the coffee this is the
best part
yeah gods are hold off we didn't go for
the Nespresso stuff I'm showing Sam some
of the phones that and no key release
yesterday and we were just saying with
the banana phone either yellow or black
but these phones are cool for like going
away for the weekend if you don't want
to be on Instagram the whole time short
and sweet but we both gotta go and do
some work now but we just been wandering
around having a nice cat shot we're
trying to find a time to hang out in the
next like month or two and not leave it
like it's over six months I don't know
do you know who anyone laughs was LA I
can't figure out when we lost or each
other of it yeah to London good bye see
you later
yeah bro actually come here enjoy the
rest of the week guys go and check out
Sam he's making content for the rest of
the weeks
love you bro okay right back on it I
think that's the funny thing with this
industry when you're running around the
world doing things and jobs and travels
and stuff it's sometimes don't get to
see each other because it doesn't quite
you don't just you don't have that
overlap of travel but we're gonna try
and make an effort the next couple of
hunts
guys I'm doing a little tape over on the
Nokia mobile Instagram account I think
they're taking a funny photo of me
holding up like the banana phone in the
banana this is silly fun hey Louie aka
Louis and I'm doing an Instagram story
tape over the Nokia mobile account let's
have a look around guys who just having
a little look at the photo shoot we did
that looks that looks legit I look like
a model kind of maybe not
guys it's really funny to me that
because of Instagram stories and other
social medias that like snapchat where
people are consuming vertical video I
know a few people now we're like they're
filming everything in in vertical rather
than landscape which irritates me a
little bit because I think I'm a bit of
a purist when it comes to like video
stuff like I really think it should be
consumed landscape but because
everyone's like viewing videos and
mobiles now I guess in a lot of ways
this is unfortunately where we're
heading with the video content is some
of it will be in portrait so I don't
think I'm going to be doing any time
soon other than my Instagram stories on
my phone I don't think I'm going to stop
the filming on DSLRs and mirrorless
cameras vertically but I do understand I
do understand the need this is the CMO
Pekka and I interviewed yesterday just
want to show you how stylish is check
out his new shoes going on a little hunt
for some food I don't know if I've told
you yet but because I've been
concentrating my fitness and diet and
stuff in Capetown my personal trainer
you're very privileged to have a
personal trainer but is there any way
I'm gonna get any exercise any routine
in my life anyway personal trainer who's
also vegan gave me some advice to eat a
lot more than I currently am saying that
I need to be really eating like five
meals a day not free and just consuming
way more calories because I've got such
a high metabolism and and
also kind of vegan diets at typically
less calorie high diets so I'm just yeah
anyway point is I just need to eat all
the time so do my best and I have spied
to the blackboard which is exciting to
me yes falafel guys this is so yesterday
I did a couple of interviews I'm getting
into the swing of it I'm about to
interview Oliver from Zeiss and Zeiss
make the lot of the camera lenses in the
new Nokia phones and yeah we're going to
talk about it now so guys this is pretty
fascinating just trying to Oliver from
Zeiss and he's showing you these little
camera modules that go into the nokia
six single lens and then the dual lens
dual lens modules are going to be
knocking seven plus and then the nokia a
Scirocco and I can't believe it compact
so much cool technology into just such a
little module yes it's nice crazy it's
like the ultimate spy camera yeah like
imagine when we were kids and they're
like yeah you can basically get like
incredible 4k video footage from like a
device is small finally getting to tuck
into my falafel wrap oh so good I've got
some Kabul a and some fruit as well
we're trying to think of some fun clips
we can make for the Nokia Instagram
story
have asked me to think of a thunder
meringue so I came up the idea of taking
three of the Nokia one handsets and
trying to juggle them which might be a
terrible
doesn't be embarrassing I think I
managed one like full completed juggle
with the finds bucket
dropping them here got told off I think
the security guards are a little bit
concerned yeah the lady was saying like
the drop test is typically from kind of
like like shoulder height but if I'm
throwing them up in the air and they
break then already meant for that it's
as I did a bit of a thorough rundown of
all the phones that Nokia released in
yesterday's vlog I thought I wouldn't go
back through all the phones today but
I'd like to focus on the nokia 8
Scirocco it's their flagship and I've
been hanging out with them today and
just trying to figure out a way to do
something for you guys so I convinced
them to let me do a giveaway of one of
these phones and just for those of you
that are interested the specs are pretty
high it's the 128 gig of on-board
storage 6 gig of ram which is flippin
massive at 12 and 13 megapixel rear
camera and a 5 megapixel front camera
and that's 4k video and 1080 on the
front and then yeah like 2k display a
Snapdragon 805 and yeah it's just an
incredible piece of technology and guys
just to give you a closer look this is
made from stainless steel it's pretty
beautiful with this form factor out it
doesn't have a headphone jack it's
bluetooth it's USB see it's yes it's
it's definitely the most beautiful phone
that not be released in my opinion and
yes worth about $900 so I am going to
post an Instagram so head over to that
Instagram or link below and go and
comment
hashtag vlog giveaway then make sure
you're following my account at fun
flurry and Nokia mobile and then in the
following week I'm going to select a
winner this is a global competition and
I will send you one of these new Nokia 8
siroccos so there you go guys I've
managed to pull off something called for
you guys as well
okay time has run away my flight takes
off in less than two hours and ya need
to go
let's take goodbye to the team oh what a
whirlwind of a day I really hope you
make my flight I literally got like an
hour and a half flight to London and
half like an hour layover and then on to
Cape Town see if I can jump in a taxi
right I managed to grab a cab ten
minutes away hopefully do you think it's
about ten minutes to the earth yeah
oh I made it guys it's half five an hour
and a half until my flight takes off see
how quickly I can get through security
the guy's just london-heathrow
God if she and this was my flight is
delayed and my next flight takes off in
half an hour
hotel
so I guess people have already bought it
I'm gonna have to run so that mr. Gailey
I just really hope is nearby let's try
and do this
connections this is where I wish I have
my penny board
I'm a bit worried you guys I just looked
on the screen and my flight wasn't on
there we just got to the gate
you miss the flight with us dude as well
I came again Calvin Calvin Calvin me the
last ones and they're gonna check if
we'd still get on otherwise we're
stranded in London oh boy I'm exhausted
I just ran as fast like boys
very bad knees I'm stranded in London
for an entire day and we can't fly out
until tomorrow night
I guess good news is they put me up in a
really nice hotel and tomorrow I'm gonna
go and see my parents for dinner and
have some meetings in London and pick up
some stuff I've been meaning to get so
it's not all bad news but it does mean
I'm not gonna be able to see Roy if
another day and I had some things are
doing Cape Town but they'll have to wait
let me check in well I am exhausted it's
been an amazing weekend in Barcelona but
yeah I'm ready to sleep cannot believe
I'm stranded in London life is mad
but you know it's out what control and
yeah like I said I'm gonna make the most
of my day tomorrow before heading back
to Cape Town um before I go guys do
remember to enter the competition to be
in for a chance to win the the new Nokia
eight Soraka is a pretty awesome phone
I've been playing with it and yeah I'm
glad I managed to wangle one for you
guys so yeah head over to my Instagram
like I said linked in the description
and yeah I'll probably I'll just put the
instructions that you can kind of follow
exactly what you need to do to enter but
yeah I will I'll catch in the morning
and I'll probably be running around
trying to sort out things before heading
back peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
