good morning guys
is day three of VidCon and I just
managed to whizz down to use my meet and
greet which started basically five
minutes ago but I managed to make it
here pretty quick it's early it's 9:30
I got submitted five huh you know that's
just the way it is does try I've got my
coffee let's roll out yeah okay guys the
meetups going well at this net page and
she has given me this really cool gift
check this out it's an L of that word
with my name on it tomfoolery me agree
it's finished I'm now heading back to
the hotel the beach on a podcast that
market is betting on Oh
a beard
yes bro yes right we had a good podcast
I also just featured in Marx's little
doing a little skit about youtubers yeah
VidCon is pretty fun catcha later on -
thanks
need to go threat for this panel now
it's going to be so good I am I've been
wanting to do a panel that's a little
bit different not just a normal Q&A so
we've been throwing around some ideas I
think we've got a good crew of people
and we're going to have them stage you
can do a little bit more planning but I
think having max involving he's going to
kill it
he's like his thing is being an MC
that's what he doesn't travel the world
and does events and stuff so this is his
this is his arena guys just walking
through the lobby look who I found
we never used each other Road whenever
we're these people like last it's gone I
literally this big one and you're like
bro I've already left on like math
typically now then how we found it was
this so I got you yesterday and appended
much time here don't wanna kill it it's
been yeah three the little foreman
saying to look pretty
joining the Seattle is happening over
there only air we're going to go to a
little wonderful explore right back on
the booster board now heading wolf
headed to the Convention Center
we really need to start planning for
this but it's still talk we do it so
yeah it'll be like I'll be exploring
with Josh and then like two three
stacked a hive of the pelvis going every
hey Nadine - two seconds ask Blanc -
three seconds
Ryan were serious in two seconds
continuity because Christians here we've
got Josh briar Nadine and the max at
hosting that is going to be the
reductive new special
my definition of success on a former
self and three pillars it was how much I
smile every day the people I'm
surrounded surrounding myself with and
the experiences I live every day and if
I'm hitting those three pillars to me
I'm the most successful person in the
world I'm happy we're all capable of
making things happen and yes something's
our way harder is an other thing like
getting a puppy but that's all problem
solve your life and don't be scared
of things that are scary I'm doing
things differently you face resistance
resistance can sometimes be judgment
people look at you weird likewise you're
doing this but every time you do
something differently you're going to a
different outcome at different roads and
other people are and often that's where
the reward is I look at myself as hugely
successful because every day I get to
work from my laptop I get to travel the
world meet new people and I even earn an
income doing it and that wouldn't have
been possible if I had just listened to
what someone else told me to do people
will try to cut you down when you're
doing something differently especially
when you start to succeed but that's
half of the fun show them wrong and you
know do the thing that ultimately makes
you really happy and follow your passion
yeah everyone has all these like
preconceived notions of what you're
supposed to be doing how you're supposed
to look what you're supposed to like say
all these things and the more you travel
in the morning the people you meet the
more you realize that that's different
for everyone and when you let go of all
these expectations you just become so
open-minded and your heart just like
opens up to everyone this is really
pivotal evening where one of my friends
said to me and like I'll come now we're
going out and do you know we're having
an adventure somewhere else like now I'm
just going to stay in and then he said
something to me with kind of profound
but simple we like are you ever going to
remember this evening like will you ever
in the future will you ever be able to
look back and even distinguish this
evening from any other evening like you
know life's about making memories and I
was like oh my gosh yeah like this day
almost doesn't exist if I can't look
back on it and even remember what
happened so since that day like I
honestly want my life and a lot of
travel
and my aim was like I just want to make
the best memories of my life
it also been able to document them and
share them with the world and hoping
inspire you guys to go and collect your
own memories and have your own
adventures so for me it bit awareness
now that I've had that I've gotten
traveling and realized I want to like
passionately want to make the world a
better place I know that sounds like
such a cheesy line but I really do I'm
so happy with that panel just how cool
is that right
guys I got so scared let's go Bryce Mack
killed at Hilda Telecom no I was really
gonna let some good still coming out of
here there yet if the right the photo
studio I'm going to get some cool photos
hey you look get get a kind of smile
down at the florist
I can rise from your little shooting
them one of my photos edit it yourself
you guys are linked Luke below you can
check out it unfortunate five when max
needs to leave and you don't do next
adventure where you gonna cry I'm
heading east I'm posting at Le Miami
yeah pretty cool travel comfortably
going if you haven't already go check
out his channel link in the description
check out his adventures and price being
a pleasure to be no idea yeah that's a
great time yeah after all so good
ok guys a lot of you've seen this video
blowin up and Twitter where a car ever
is named some kid anyway with being
horrible Joseph here right
walked out of my clinic more compression
Haller is like get the out
of my face I just want to say on behalf
of like the YouTube community I'm sorry
about that
I don't want to say I respect you thank
you very North human being I'm Samantha
and earlier I had this amazing idea
I would love to invite all my viewers
and everyone the Internet to follow an
Instagram account of yours I know if you
have Instagram and I I reckon we could
get it bigger than a kid that was like
yeah I'm down at you I'm out I'm out
being not being famous I think we could
blow you up just to make a point as to
make a statement
yeah the Georgia game let's do it slow
him up guys let's get to like 100k
followers I don't think English would be
so so good
I actually took that and just uploaded
that to Twitter and told people to go
and follow his Instagram account it had
almost two thousand retweets and as of 9
p.m. tonight he's got 13 point 4 K it
followers on Instagram how cool is that
okay we can get into 100 K only thing we
can he said when his shift ends at 11:00
tonight he's going to come and hang out
on the bus so we can chat them a little
bit more maybe we as this bigger
community can get behind them support em
and yeah showing that yeah we are we're
not all kind of a self-absorbed
egotistical kind of famous internet
celebrity but we we want to be good in
the world so that's why I've tried to do
a bit today and everyone's rally behind
this this vision so it's just so so cool
I love it I love it literally when I
spoke to me at like 300 followers and
it's to go amazing Joe just arrived and
Sergio yeah you were there as well Brian
in the video and how you feeling bro
about all the stuff happening today like
the amount of followers you get in I'm
awestruck um um I don't have any words
for another support the way people I
love people's reaction more than
anything I like to see how people were
totally against the way he was treating
another human being it doesn't matter
how much money you make or how many
followers you have or who you are in
this world you could doesn't matter
where you live as long as watching
equals what's important and just to see
the support and the way people are
acting is
it's beautiful there's no words for this
is the type of thing we need in the
world we're in 2017 I guess it's
wonderful to see that people realize
that all those phones and it was a prove
that we weren't the best people we were
just trying to do our jobs
yeah so I said no bullying yeah not good
no bullying not right you know with all
the stuff that happens with kids and you
know you bullied someone you don't know
how they're feeling inside you know what
if someone's feeling a little depressed
you make them so more sad and you tell
them to go kill themselves you know they
might just go and do it the way people
are back lashing even with Christian
they shouldn't be as tough and I know
that sounds crazy because how can I say
that no you're fun member we should be
even a little kinder to him and like we
she doesn't all the bad stuff he's
getting I think Harry knows he's the bad
person like we shouldn't make it worse
on him you know I mean you thoroughly
understand where his state of mind is
after thinking he was a god I guess the
people were something that he was in to
have his world crumble down at the same
time we don't want nothing bad happening
to the end when I made that little video
earlier and I forgot to mention Sergio
here's one of the other security guys
that that those kids are cussing out so
I just think we owe him a bit of love as
well so I'll link in below check out his
Instagram go and give them a follow and
yeah I think these are the guys that
deserve following that the stuff that
you're talking about this is the stuff
that people around the world need to
hear so yeah this respect respect guys
yeah we're watching a I mean an
interview with Christian the guy who was
cussing these guys out there every day
that the whole the whole incident listen
good hi I'm I came at a very bad like
that was not acceptable what I did I'm
sorry I looking back at it now that I'm
calm and I kind of evaluate the
situation I am I am going on whose head
we're like a light like Evo comes with a
little bit of insecurity and just my own
self no like I do not think I'm better
than anybody but like I feel like I tray
that way just to hide it so whoa he's
gonna beep those yeah yeah it's kind of
putting up little bit guys
i'm peacing out i'm going to bed it's
been amazing to hang out with you all
I'll link them all below especially
Provost his his hyperlapse it basically
he was showing me how to do hyperlapse
is you might see him in some upcoming
vlog you did actually see one that he
did as a buff and now I'll show it now
I'll show now if that was his hyperlapse
and he taught me how to do that okay so
you'll see some of those coming up if
you want to see some more go and check
out his channel
exactly exactly going shown some loves
all of those and then next time I come
and hang out Joe is going to show me how
to do some graffiti and tagging and
stuff for that so there you go I'm going
to get you some sleep now
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
