I'm Josh
this is jenna Marbles and these are my
Birds flappy and Snoopy and don't you
guys have something to say so clearly
they forgot the lines for what they
meant to say was she watching fun full
of me I'm at servicing station again
this time of my own and I'm heading up
to London to meet up with Jack and I
think Finn and I think Ben's on his way
in a whole bunch of the India lads to
visit this hospital for teenage cancer
trust I got to bed at like 6:00 or like
five six because of a mental night I
hadn't Alfie and Steve and Jamar I'm a
little bit tired because it's only like
9:30 or something so the like three
hours sleep
they said to me
the boys have arrived
yeah
yeah
how long our thanks honey
so we are heading up to the ward now the
teenage cancer just ward but we're not
going to film their discuss gonna
respect you suppose I'm gonna catch on
the flip side so we have just come out
of the awards and it's quite moving we
had a long track just full of
understanding all the logistics and how
it all works there and what the process
the patient's go through and stuff and
we got to meet a couple of a patients
and I guess got to see what the proceeds
to the whole India trip what the
fundraising we're doing next week is
going to so yeah it's really cool and
it's it's amazing to see the great work
that teenager has for us to do it
what's the country say it's going to be
an honor to be a part of kind of raising
some funds to order how did you find
event it's fantastic I mean what's
Patrol's normally make me quite nervous
but that place was really nice and
relaxing just the deck or and the way
they put it all together
I mean I think the guys seemed really
chilled and it's a lot about creating
an environment that you fuck after you
miss being in because you don't have a
choice whether you have cancer or not
but they can make the environment like a
really really nice one to make your stay
a bit more pleasant you know I love it
how did you guys find there the ward
moving
freshman stuff you can go steal it say
and this is this is Harry it's one of
the other guys coming on the trip how
did you find the experience you're going
into the ward and stuff right it's great
to see where especially to scare the
people that work there
I'd like to talk about the place and the
patients it was just kind of like it
just gives you a better perspective on
why we're doing this so it's you know
well they see the money probably be
going
so Harry's off and just been a left for
meeting we've just done this system
lunch at fret Monday and now we're
taking a little stroll into London it's
a lovely day a few of you are asking the
other day whether I managed to cut my
sim card to fit the iPhone 5 and I did
those successfully did it but the second
hand I went by which in the crack screen
so I just dropped it off and around
their shops on the haul road to get the
screen replaced
so whilst that's happening they have
better get a wander down to common
garden have a little wander around the
shops so this is Burke house and Ben has
hooked us up with them giving us a few
items each towards the trip to India and
aid of everything we're doing so it's
nice to get their support it's exciting
it's gonna have a look
we've just been showing the ranges of
clothes and what we can get I think I'm
gonna have to go this guy because he's
already back to eat this guy I think
I've found the jacket in my size Ford
reckon it's gonna keep me dry in India
it's gonna be very very wet there we
found out today is their own hot dog
about that Oh Stan Cullis
yeah so we got all our stuff so it may
help to sell and we're now gonna go and
grab it properly because I'm pretty
tired
but let's got off to collect some stuff
and I'm gonna jump from the train back
down 60
I'm back in Surbiton and jump to my car
and I'm about to go this is Steve I'm
quite tired it's a dream I literally got
my own slips last night alright this
TV's house y'all man yeah hey what's up
with a sneaky beige thanks not bitter
cold sniffles a little bit he's gonna
take Bay for a little walk quick I'm
just finishing off my upload and then
we're going out for a lovely meal this
arrived at Cobham I am so hungry
it's bad it's bad how hungry I am I'm
kind of a bit angry
Steve's got some new glasses what do you
guys think yeah I'm liking those I call
them spectacles glasses
well it's rooms than any - well I got my
Batman burger what you guess - yeah
they'll bacon cheese I'm gonna leave
Steve we've been breaking bad all right
I'm gonna get some sleep
catch you guys tomorrow I'm gonna have a
fun day London tinsel filming and stuff
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
