a new holiday house Elmas okay beauty
hit them this morning mean Darcy are
going up London I've got meeting she's
gonna get up and have some lunch my mom
he's working there today it's gonna be a
fun day
so that in the Train one more stop she's
gonna look who just showed up to the
office
Emma and cherry looking quite crazy like
like they've got superpowers or
something I always knew I always knew
you were super okay
so we've left the channel flip offices I
had a nice little meeting and then just
chilled every few hours editing and now
me and Terry are gonna go out for
sitting and hopefully make some food for
the night it's gonna hang out a little
stroll
I found this cool little coffee shop
called Fox Trot Foxcroft and ginger it's
like I've been here before this is like
really an antiquey quark kind of all the
furnitures different down there like the
museum vibes yeah
my affair with my mom and Darcy and
Terry's with us as well
luinis evil food because I finished my
massive bowl of chicken ramen and he
hasn't even
I'm heading off see later guys
Terry already left chefs had to train
and now I'm going to catch a train and
go to the outfit see what he's up to
Oh
I just horribly burnt my hand sliding on
the esterday I use my fingers at a break
so I'm without fee we okay Motors flam
we are destroyed around three hours yeah
hopefully I totally forgot but we are
chilling on you now again I'll get back
into it guys look
hello everyone we have some funny
pictures and we're having a fun time on
the way off with ya eating some crisps
just chilling it's been get into rios so
me now if you've entered on you now and
possibly gave away a t-shirt and we're
now - Steve hey man we've got to go
subscribe to see winner t-shirt so hey
all you guys subscribe to Steve because
this week now listen this week I am
doing a video with him and where he's
gonna like put some style into my life
we're gonna go shop and he's gonna like
they get some skinny jeans it's gonna
get so cool he's gonna get some cool
clothes to me so you guys need to stay
tuned I'll pay top line of description
I'm sure you already subscribe it if not
don't do that now you know it's 20 plus
but we're thinking why not let's have an
adventure tonight Steve's will go down
and sorry but he's gonna come up he's
gonna come up to London so you didn't
come up we're gonna go on an adventure
that look nice right Fuli just chatting
on skype and anyway like come in and
then he's there hey bastard a monster
you've got to be somewhere a question
yes
we have jumps in the car though our
eights only like 3 a.m. we thought what
better time to darkness for a little
visit to Jamal he's off to like
somewhere crazy tomorrow so he's only
around one day the last bit we thought
would pop in and say hello because he's
a bit of a night out as well
I can afford some food as well guys I'm
a little let my something that will
sweet a little bit of a little bit
peckish
will you send healthy anybody never
gonna turn down for you that way
yeah I'm very hungry man I'll have your
pancake merinov oh yeah
yes
when you put up your trap
we went upstairs and now we're just
chilling it to Mouse house and it's like
wait wait we're not least 20 past 4:00
in the morning so tired yesterday I
wicked roll out we gonna roll out and
see soon if I get some sleep we have to
go wait till Utley we have fun in
Croatia
thank you but Steve's heading off gonna
get some sleep I see let bone bone see
tomorrow man yeah then get some
statement yeah well 20 plus 5 it's
definitely time for bed tomorrow I'm
gonna be going with Jack and some of the
India crew to visit Teenage Cancer Trust
I think a hospital and visit visiting
some patients and stuff could be quite
moving
so I should get some sleep peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
