hey YouTube you're watching from Philly
and this is Rosa this morning I'm off to
visit my friend in hospital
so I've just left my friend I was going
to introduce you to her but she she said
maybe next time I think I take so much
for granted in terms of just having
contentment and life freedom and having
close friends around me and all that
kind of stuff like I guess I just think
us that's normal but for some people
it's not you know and some people are
struggling in life I think it's not
always a good thing being an optimist
because it's hard to look at situations
or people's circumstances kind of in the
reality of them and I kind of just think
oh there must be an easy answer or an
easy solution see how people are feeling
or the place they're in and I can only
go from my past experience and I've
never been through terrible terrible
things in my life like a been through
heartbreak and falling out with friends
and stuff but I haven't probably
plummeted into the depths of depression
that some people do I think your mind is
the root of things you know you can
capture your thoughts so if you know
there's a negative tour coming just stop
that you know just be like you know I'm
and focus on the positive things that
are going on around
now I'm going to appreciate the good
things in my life you know I think
that's that's important I don't know
like stuff to some people sometimes and
I'm sorry if you're finding life tough
right now hang in there I know it sounds
cheesy but things will get back I just
stopped in for a really nice lunch at
the old station house in Chizik and I'm
on my way to go and hang out at Jack I'm
finally upgrading to the iPhone 5
probably just before the iPhone 6 comes
out and I have to change my SIM card but
I've decided to like cut it myself so
you get this is like the original force
in size then he went down to micro SIM
and now it's gone down to nano so I've
got a little knife here and I'm I'm
hoping this works if not I'm I'm totally
screwed
I won't have a working phone
Oh time lapse the Sun go down your GoPro
get in there the Sun sang we have music
yeah
well benders arrived hey mate
he's been at home working on his draw my
life video which I'm excited about
watching and we've come out for some
food at a lovely place Persian
restaurant holiday it's nice I'm really
excited
look at that chicken lamb tomorrow what
you got there jack no I'm Brandi has
anyone seen a naan bread this big before
I'm so jealous and we were we're as well
hey mate I think we're gonna be Chiang
some exciting stuff about India tonight
what so we are doing a live view now
broadcast hello
there's lots of people that already see
them because you can only see us this is
fun I'm done you now and like but almost
a year I've never known you now the
first time this is a new concept in life
for me yeah
we are finished are you now webcast as
my first one I've ever done hands be
honest I was a little bit shocked at how
many people probably also it's a how
many subscribers I've gained so to all
you these subscribers out there hello
thank you so much for subscribing check
out my videos and I hope you've enjoyed
it
welcome thank you that was so exciting I
forgot how fun it is do live broadcasts
and I think I'm definitely gonna be more
definitely more the wheels of Philomath
and we're just chillin started to go for
a little penny board
but what happens your wheel Joe hey
focus stop spinning that's just not
gonna stop maybe I wanna put a finger in
it
yeah separation that's crazy speed it's
the end of a great day
it's been fun and tomorrow we're going
to Notting Hill Carnival which there's
gonna be like a million people there
literally a million people and it's
gonna be incredible so I'll see you guys
tomorrow everyone's going to bed
and I'm about to peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure boom
