hey guys I'm Cameron I'm Ali and we're
the boat boys on YouTube and you're
watching final followi mathematical I've
just been chilling at home today and I'm
gonna go nurse and lunch with Stephen
Jake hey Dean dad I'm thinking what you
up to
I've got I'm doing genealogy and there's
an amazing or but the family trait years
old but that's only one side of the
family so I'm sort of trying to trap my
grandfather great-great-grandfather
which my parents know nothing about so
we're just looking into enough last
night on a breakthrough yeah actually
got some of the things that happening
apparently did some really cool websites
online where you can like look into your
family tree itself so exciting let's
gonna see what mom and I see you're up
to
Hayden dusty good what we gonna do later
today we are gonna film my 10,000
subscribers celebration video and we can
tell them what it's good yeah and it's
gonna be the brother and sister tag
sibling tag yeah it's been that it's
been well over G yeah highly requested
and well over G at me and asked to do a
video together so that's gonna be
exciting right I'm gonna pop up with
some lunch I've seen a bit dusty
it's a rainy day today right amen
hey wait there
we're back in rainy water and we're
going to get some something something to
eat I don't know yet something something
so looks like I got this healthy drink
and he's got like weird something like
some eyes and carrots and stuff that's
weird innit
we just had a very productive for the
nomads meeting in Starbucks and now
we're driving back in the rain because
these windscreen wiper
it's all broken and stuff it's gone it's
got floppy down there
I'm leaving the boys to it it's been
it's been a fun little lunch yeah it's
exciting times booth took a little bit
longer than anticipated I'm gonna go
home now and film a video with Darcy
I'm back home and I'm getting ready to
film with Darcy we're going to be doing
two videos a Q&A one and a us reacting
to old videos of us like family videos
which is a baby and stuff so we just get
ready for the Q&A start this nice little
camera at my mum's recently bought I
guess we're gonna be kind of sitting
over here we've finished filming our
question and arts video how do you think
I went dancing great and I'm sure you
guys will love it oh you're going to
subscribe the doctor channel and get
ready to watch awesome video yeah it's
dinner time Darcy and Betty Otis and
Peter what happened I can give you a tip
and he he arrived at the door and he's
like oh I didn't know what a pecan was
so I do something else I couldn't answer
here the car is there now I've had a
very chilled evening just in peace with
Duffy and Beth and just getting on with
some work my dad's got back from
Southampton he was that this evening and
he's cracking on with his family tree
and it's fascinating we found out what
you found out that what's going on here
she's your great-great-grandfather
living with his grandfather who's this
in relation to me Thomas Cole Thomas
Cole will pretty be your
great-great-great-great grandfather for
greats in there 81 looking after his
grandson this guy was born in 1780 1780
230 and we're looking at one of the
first ever UK census censuses a census
of 1841 the census of 1841
I think it's time for a bit of a
midnight snack there's a midnight feast
I'm gonna go in and see what's in the
kitchen
this is Darcy's chocolate cake that she
got for hitting 10,000 subscribers on
YouTube
I think I'll celebrate with her and have
a slice of that applicator or a nice
favorite drinks with warm my binos
we don't have any the house but I've got
some topical squash so I'm announcing
hot or warm tropical squash which sure
thing would be quite nice
this little guy lives in the
conservatory because he's so noisy at
night burning on his will that he
doesn't spend Darcy's room anymore
he's cool just chilling down there oh
it's been a very chill day at home it's
been nice seeing my family and yeah just
just recuperating I think the next
couple of days will be a bit more
eventful I'll see you tomorrow
peace out enjoy your life and live the
adventure
