I'm Samira I'm Camille I'm nice ha and
you're watching fun for doing it's
lunchtime we're gonna go out for some
lunch look at it hello mate are you
doing happy guy just jumped in the car
me and Ben are going gonna go and get
some lunch and he's got a slackline
which we're gonna have a go on after but
we need to try and get Steve out husks I
think he's been working really hard and
I think it deserves a break trying to
not do bread in the moment and I just
ordered myself a garlic bread back maybe
today can be my cheat day yeah why are
you eating ice cream been well I nice
wish to be healthy oh it's my cheat day
so shut up there's two lorenz one's got
it both have got eggs on them one's got
artichokes
and the one without artichokes has no
olives and an egg yeah I got two eggs
all right mate welcome we'll bring the
pizza soon
we're just getting Steve's in pieces
he's just now by got piece of Stephen
Jake cover the pieces take away it's
that fine the Nomad sorting office oh
wow Linda's wage sorting country Joe was
sending 29 different countries 29
different countries did you hear that
guys 29 different countries have ordered
the final Oh Matt stops we're
international so this is all UK yeah UK
Australia where's America this isn't in
my bedroom we America's in here that
America's here whoa Wow wait come on
kitchen 0 for real yeah check out these
different countries in Europe yes I look
that Germany's I mean it's not all units
all kind of nice Switzerland malta Spain
Italy Belgium Norway Denmark Netherlands
Luxembourg Finland Poland France Sweden
nothing
we're going for a little stroll take bay
for a walk and we're going to try to
find somewhere to set up the slack line
and have a logo on that Vivian been
trying to work out a slackline it goes
in there and then I think it rot goes it
folds back on itself
we say about Dan
how do you enjoy the first slacklining
experience then I actually really
enjoyed it it's a lot harder than it
looks but for my first time I think
you're the best not you again a man you
again and you've done it before you I
know exactly I'm not doing this I used
it a little bit like these guys are
doing some creative vines check out vine
fine so just pops back to Ben's he's got
swag doubt my swag on Shay on my bros oh
yeah and we're gonna go pick up Stephen
Jake then we roll it up to London so
check this SP and I sucks to this sbtv
it's like the last night of the you know
that shop i showed you guys yesterday
their little pop-up shop they're doing
like a music night tonight we're going
to hang out with Jamal its role its food
time
yes
we are here we are in soho and i think
we've missed everything but we're still
going to go and like hang out with
people we just saw tomales with droid
fast so we missed the whole event that
we're here with tomorrow and how and
James he does all this btv fashion stuff
and we're just going to jump a little
bit so you know I was saying in my video
of sere that I can play a didgeridoo let
me show you on this scaffolding that's
on this building I'll show you I'll show
you
so you just start to nearly halfway and
we are just chilling we are just
chilling it's not to see tomorrow and we
don't really have a plan now but we're
just going to have a little fun little
coffee decaf soy guys don't worry and
phase two let's do tomorrow morning
selectman cheers man I'm not gonna swim
tomorrow sick night yeah yeah it's good
film yeah cool I just arrived home and
my parents got back today and Darcy
they're a little bit tired earlier so I
just kind of left them to it I think
tomorrow I'm going to try and spend some
time with them have a bit of a family
day today is being fun today's been fun
I am tired now I'm going to go ahead in
get some sleep and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
