it's 9:00 a.m. I've had like three hours
sleep got woken up by the boys that
caught my eight these guys are such
early risers and now me and Marcus sir
I'm gonna skate down to Starbucks and
have some breakfast the mornings in LA
it's always really cloudy and overcast
and then the clouds shift and then it's
just super stunning but every morning I
just never see this time in the morning
usually I just bumped into loads of
people in the street nice to meet you
all right so just bear with Tyler and me
and Marcus are gonna go in for lunch
they gonna chat video I guess you'll
have to help us we don't know what we're
doing we have some ideas but we need to
figure it out good distance we're
getting ambushed again
during this place called fire our fresh
mexican boot not my usual choice for
brunch starting today let's give this go
so we spent the whole afternoon filming
some pretty incredible videos they're
gonna be on Marcus and Tyler's channels
they were so so good and now I've just
realized I'm probably gonna miss my
flight because you know I'm really
unorganized and I still gotta pick up
stuff from Sawyer's and there's gonna be
loads of traffic and stuff so let's see
how that goes
turns out I left a little late to
collect my things from Soyuz don't like
to leave like some stuff there when I
fly back to England thankfully Marcus
made a good call
I'm too much of an optimist I'm like
yeah be fine and it would just check my
flight timing right we're only just
gonna make it like well we don't even
that they see who's check-in from right
now he's checking closes in 35 minutes
right now this says we're 15 minutes
away but in LA traffic 15 minutes could
take an hour so I think it's gonna be a
pretty mess if you actually make your
flight what do you think now looking
pretty girl
I just arrived gonna probably miss my
flight by then hurry up so Philly guys
thanks bye thanks man see you later so I
just made my check-in just cool it's a
little bit rushed really I can this is
snuck up on me and going back then you
came through a little bit it's crazy you
know you want a big plane when you want
rows 48
thank you
I was gonna wait till I got home until
you have a curry which I've been dying
for four months but luckily they've
they're serving curry on the plane which
is a bit of a wind so about halfway
across the Atlantic
I'm guessing only take a little nap and
I'm gonna wake up
in English
I see it safari when I land
