good morning guys welcome to corfu
greece we got here yesterday it's a very
spontaneous trip and tomorrow we're
taking a couple of days off by thought
I'd show you a little bit of the island
today we're just leaving this beautiful
hotel that we stayed in we found it last
minute we literally landed and I just
looked on booking.com and found like the
last possible hotel is like 1:00 a.m. as
well and now we are getting in rental
car driving the other side of the island
then an air B&B that we put is just
perfect weather and I can't wait to jump
in the sea as well
how nice to do here gonna fly the drone
right now I want to help pay for it
yards the Beach Hotel I think it must
just be done
all right she gonna get
all right we have the keys it's going to
find out car
okay we have driven to the other side of
the island picks up our kids arriving
our little apartment down the block
oh my gosh thank you oh yeah
aha yeah we have our own little Aranda
oh this is so nice we have a little
garden oh how cute is this
perfect
check out Wow we did well we found a
good spot look how close to beaches to a
house literally out of their little foot
path straight down to paradise oh my
gosh freshen up a little bit and now
we're going for a bit of explore around
the island I'm glad we've got a car
because I think that quite a zombie
island we're going to want to talk
we have found our way to the main town
and coffee is that this big thought up
there and we're just going to have a
little scroll through the streets maybe
find a little coffee Oh
basically lovely is very warm such good
temperature isn't it yeah I can't
believe it's 6:30 and it's like hot like
I feel like midday this is where we just
parked up the old port square and this
is where we've just walked in plus the
venetian barracks and the new fortress
and we're heading into old town
so we've heard rumors of a bakery that
does quite be vegan option and it's not
quite dinner time they have dinner very
late here in in Greece but we are going
to go and have a little snack though
coffee I this is like a tiny little
church power oh I said that so many
times but I just loved building that
kind of slightly you know you can tell
they're kind of not pristine and tell
they're quite old and they're like maybe
falling apart a little bit like all the
plaster and the side falling down I love
that exposed brickwork so beautiful
correct me if I'm wrong but I think this
may be the first proper time I've been
in Greece on my vlogs so hello to all my
Greek viewers that you enjoy our
experience in Corfu obviously is a lot
of Greek island and the mainland and I'm
guest every was a little bit different
but and this place is already looking
pretty fascinating and I've heard that
some gems around the islands we need to
go to some like secret beaches and stuff
well we only just got here in time but
we managed to get a cheeky little apple
pie thing from starry neo bakery and
heels it said they have like eight
different types of savory vegan pies so
maybe we'll have to come back another
day as well and check those out alright
we're going to sit down now chill sweat
happening but they're attacking my drain
really badly like it won't even move
it's saying like obstacle avoidance no
way
oh I've got pretty hot to go you're
going to talk like you like glass
through the bed
we're getting into it I think so yeah
it's darling they're going to it why is
it
all right we're going to see if we can
get a table with this roof garden for
dinner and I only get my coffee and get
a cup here they're not having me going
in with my best top my tank top so I'm
walking down to buy a t-shirt from
somewhere and they've said if I have a
t-shirt with sleeve then I'll be allowed
in fact this does happen occasionally to
me
Spitz is trading all right I've decided
to go for a white long-sleeved kind of
canvas t-shirt kind of summery should
should work quite well what do you think
guys good choice I don't often do white
shirts because they get dirty so easily
but I feel like holidaying on a Greek
island you kind of need to have these
kind of clothes also I feel like this
will be a bit more Aries and a normal
like dress shirt so I shouldn't get too
crazy hot yeah I can out like a look do
you think
hey you like my shirt
we could get this kind of like our
anniversary dinner oh yeah Oh perfect
timing
Jenna is arriving oh yes please thank
you good as I mentioned this is our
anniversary holiday and this is our
first proper anniversary dinner so I
feels like it cuz it's so like nice this
is pretty romantic location like I can't
even believe it also right we thought is
going to be in theme excitement like 10
Europe yeah that is crazy
they shorts abishek caught me 40 years
just to get in to have image they kind
of balance is that right we're just
having our does they're having a nice
little vegan chocolate souffle and I
ordered sorbet and it came out on a
glass like a smoothie and how's that oh
it's just a smoothie but it's not it's
actually just saw back in a massive
glass
as a destroyer
this is try to obey but it's not like
it's moving it's just like whoa Wow okay
in Greece if you're going to order
sorbet this is what it's going to look
like right head back to my head Indy we
just parked up look what car is parked
next to us isn't it glorious they stand
next set Bowie I'm telling you and not
fit in this is not the car it would if
you were significantly smaller it was
just funny no your head would have liked
it would you'd have to have the
convertible down because you had to go
there I'm going to get his : day no good
I think it's a fear I think it's a Fiat
100 that Fiat 100 we are back at our
Airbnb and I am really looking forward
to taking a couple of day in dot skies I
know I've been taking the odd day off
I'm not vlogging every single day but
it's rare that I will switch off
completely and like turn my phone off
but we're going to take a couple of days
off completely off the grid no phones no
internet and just to have some quality
time together and I think that's quite
an important thing to do and I want to
make more space in my life for that more
regularly and hopefully I'll feel a
little bit more rejuvenated and
refreshed and ready
this month is has already been a bit
relaxed I mean I was ill for a few days
but I mean I want to just keep things
calm this month because obviously next
month we're leaving on the world flight
it's going to be crazy and I'm not going
to see much of riot either whilst and
traveling around the world so yeah I'm
going to try and make as much space this
month this month as I can for that and
yeah we're going to have some pretty
crazy adventures soon don't worry
I'll catch you soon guys peace out
enjoy life the adventure but
