okay it's the star of my day I've slept
like maybe two hours thirty in the
morning we're in the state of Florida
every we still got like six or seven
hours to drive and we're stopped and I
hop facin breakfast his haters tend to
drive how you feelin 22 - so we're
probably only two hours away now it's
been a relatively easy Drive
the long-expected
weather's not looking great but still
gonna be awesome we made it
good job guys look who I just ran into
the long-lost Brotherhood Sam Sam hey
hey man I've missed you guys right now
don't even talk to me man
I need to upload the floor from
yesterday oh this is so crazy
the girls are heading off for a little
bit I hope you can catch up with the
lair
thank you so much guys look who I've
spied from across the room
I'm coming into attack I'm coming to
attack you hasn't even noticed me yet he
hasn't even everyone knows now yeah okay
I've just literally bumped into everyone
then Jack Dean's bill so enthusiastic
we're all so happy to be here basically
let's be like it with the main man Louie
do you know there's about 10 people
blogging right now literally literally
it's crazy
see what's the exclusive story so I get
to immigration yes no check and they
took me to an interrogation room where
they interrogated me it wasn't I think I
know racist
marecus races yeah so we're gonna get
some dinner jacket VIN have a little bit
of a catch up
we're in a very posh bistro
 establishment we're having a dinner
party thank you
we call it ready we're back in the hotel
guys bad news I think we missed Jacuzzi
time but good news is we got to hang out
and that's what matters we're having a
little room hi all the youtubers in the
world are in this room although the
jacuzzis closed we've decided that we're
still going to risk it we're still gonna
try and jump in there maybe make it what
do you guys think are we gonna do a
naked yeah we're doing a that's a great
theory new he's got a great theory we
don't know how long we're gonna last
this might be oh this is warm I'm so
good after hours it makes it way more
it's like you know we go away with it no
one's going to get us nowhere it's been
really loud though knowing the women and
finished just about you
okay we should be we should be like the
video guys you can do my make sure that
you do my hair Jeff some believe what me
and Alexa could do as a YouTube
collaboration we're having a sleepover
that's right but we're getting some rest
because the next few days it gonna be a
non-stop party night everyone
