that's the last day of South by
Southwest we're gonna go back into town
I think it's also some Patrick's Day so
it could be a bit crazy so it turns out
it's not as hectic as we thought it's
actually chilled up a lot of thing a lot
of people have already had headed home
from the festival but now in a firefight
somewhere close to 8:00
I haven't no idea why they were playing
Scottish music in the Irish pub but I
know Irish speak Webster bagpipes - but
that was definitely a Scottish song that
was kind of weird
so just arrived at Zilker Park we just
did like a three-mile walk which I think
it's like a normal thing to hate him but
that's that wasn't really what I was
expecting but you know it's cool it's
cool and now we're just gonna chill in
the Sun for a little bit of thing look
at this nuts on it and their really cool
bike it is silly bike club we are
strolling over to Hayden's church which
could be fun
this is a massive
place
you
he's saying the world doesn't revolve
around she you know to a world that once
believed that the heavenly spheres
revolved that rotated around the earth a
man named Copernicus wrote a treatise
and he said the heavenlies don't revolve
around the earth they revolve around the
Sun recall what happened thereafter
Copernican revolution God is calling
every single one of us to go through a
revolution where we realize it's not
about us we'll realize the world doesn't
revolve around us
so we've left the church service this
kind of cool
and we're hanging out with lanes friend
actually I'm just so I'm just talking to
the camera don't worry I've talked to
myself look camera we were on MTV blam
boom so that's the screenshot from the
other night other Woodie awards it's all
about it being warm enough to walk
around in shorts and a vest in the
evening I always wanted to be that warm
perfect Elaine is leaving he's doing a
three run a three-day train ride all the
way to playlist so I'm gonna see him in
like three days or something but oh man
I feel sorry for you bro
yeah
and guys go and subscribe to this
YouTube channel
he's got some music on there I'm gonna
click on the / link and the description
of stuff but check and I saw some guy
these are these policemen just gave me a
pumpkin it says YouTube or now I don't
really know what this is King King lo
Joe that was as a King King glow joke
whoa King blade yo I was going to take
this pumpkin with me now it's not
everyday at least give you a pumpkin
doing afraid the pumpkin in the world
going there
don't don't like for his head
yeah I think Ashley's got mad pumpkin
throwing skills up now Ashley versus
Hayden the crowd goes quiet
okay Ashley says to get Riley going on
it Oh Hayden misses an easy ball there
he always got matched up by the police
there's almost like a six on one light
even who got pummeled back home dead I
really love you guys to be swinging
basically Hayden has put me out the last
couple of nights
and getting a pair of trainers and just
an all-around awesome guy and I'd love
it if you could go and show some support
by subscribing to his youtube channel
check out some of his cool videos he
makes like really kind of arty videos
like animations and stuff like it's
really talented if any of you interest
in that kind of stuff you should go over
now click on this link click in the
description and show some love apart
from me cool anyway off I'll catch you
tomorrow
peace out
