it's really early had a good night's
sleep but we're heading back into town
there thank you so much for letting me
stay
thank you so I've spent the morning in a
nice hotel lobby ever taking my baton
and using the internet very fast upload
it to Sunday so now I'm gonna go for a
stroll maybe stop I can hear some jazz
over there so stroll over here I love
jazz
somewhere laying again what uh where I'm
trying to find someone to chill out
I'm so tired wow this is pretty sweet
let's swim just one eat it and give
these days
they have just been walking from venue
to venue just six on the Talon and it's
obscene is too overwhelming the
intensity of talent in such a
concentrated area a Southwest Southwest
it's just blown my mind think things in
the amount of talent in them in like
this square mauve where it was nothing
dark and yourself another healthy meal
learn to fly so I just picked up on my
logic
I've actually it's really tricky
actually put it back to verse a far in
this start area with without actually
asking there's been enough for two days
so it's lucky you're still here and now
I'll go back to Hayden's house and then
come back in town for another cake this
arrived the havens house I'm going be
sleeping on the couch which is which is
a relief
so we're just wandering over to this
area with these lights on the floor that
changed colour and you step on them
we've just arrived third eye Brian
this guy and his bats we're gonna play
some new songs we're gonna have a good
 time
okay so we're in third I'm blind so we
just got in your left and the cops
showed up because there's a riot in the
street because there's so many people
there's people up in the parking garage
but they let him play one more song and
they play jumper
this is Alex the drummer from the band
how did you find the gig 11 just got
caught me in a banana the girl behind
the bar wouldn't let me pay
she said I'm TQ which is a bit of a
bonus
so freakin Verona
going back on the bus back back on the
bus the bus was a little bit overcrowded
so we're gonna walk some way but we will
close this massive building I don't know
that is well it's 4:00 in the morning
I'm back at Haven sense just district
clarify I think he his house is really
full of the other - wait I can come back
and say a few of you were asking like
why you need it anyway so I was thinking
tonight and as you can see I'm still
wearing and then he showed she never
gave this to me as a souvenir which is
really nice and yeah I'm staying in
touch with them that's the favorite
author
anyway see you guys
