hi my name is oho I am currently on my
way to Berlin and you're watching fan
for Louie boom good morning guys
I'm in London today I think I've arrived
from the airport yesterday and then she
was that theater show all day London
last night though we ended up staying in
London ready to head out on a bit of a
romantic holiday this week it's actually
our dating anniversary or was on the
weekend and yeah we the thing is we
don't know where we're flying yet we are
waiting to hear back about a brand deal
that happening at the end of the week so
we're just playing around and at some
point this afternoon we're going to be
getting sliced last minute somewhere
hope you somewhere warm and beachy but
before we do I need to get a few things
I need to get a new tripod and maybe
check out a few lenses in this camera
shop on the Strand so I'm going to head
in here quickly
okay this has been used only 1224 this
is how wide it is
this is how wide I'm usually shooting at
60 mm it's how much wider it is even
great for normal day-to-day vlogging but
I think when we're in the plane on the
world flight and for light land pet
photography and stuff can be pretty cool
and shoved in the box anywhere is when
you're in a small place the lens but I'm
probably not going to get it today but
would you guys think this is the lens
I'm waiting for guys 15 to 35 2.8 it
will be the same as this then ah I'll
have a shallower depth of field and
crisper better in low light
okay guys I have an update
firstly briar is back he'll be an
important heaven if you haven't said
hello spike yeah I'm good very busy
black very excited to be back tell him
about the cool day additionally my gosh
llama and I went to the Harry Potter
play which was unbelievable of nad of
cement comment up actually don't tell
secrets though that's like the hashtags
are top secret
but if you've seen that let me know and
tell me if you liked it because it was a
lecture there all day literally from
life yeah one yeah anyway he said
respect to going away today the boy
little romantic like holiday for our
anniversary and because I'm going away
to three months though it'd be nice to
have quality time together so the plan
was potentially we were going to be
going to Turkey we actually already
booked the flight to Turkey and now
we're thinking but is that the brand
there we were waiting on actually fell
through we're now thinking of going to
Mykonos in Greece so we just on Airbnb
checking out the McCool properties okay
we have something with the NGO guide a
literary will describe Gunnar and I put
in London see everywhere by now where we
applied today and says that we can
decide to call food and pretty cheaper
by eighty come at flight so I booked us
to one which physical boot and now rise
looking for a tall Airbnb
okay we have arrived at Luton Airport
car remember the last time a part of
Luton this is where all the budget
airlines fly out but there aren't any
other flights like our Gatwick or
Heathrow today we've had to make do a
little bit worried about the weight of
our hand luggage from my hand of it
which is there a little bit more strict
when you're buying flight - 80 quid they
are yeah they're not quite lenient
is absolutely genius nothing to do a
thank you right I've grabbed us some
dinner and pret I'm just chilling in the
lounge
it is very busy down there look how hot
crowded it crack got really good food
vegan food I have been quite good sir
they be like half of that
oh it's nice and warm
well we have arrived in Corfu Green they
did the first time I've been school for
you guys
I don't even think I've been recent
years have you been Cristobal yeah the
only one very very long time I've never
even heard of the dial until today it's
a classic British holiday makers
destination an accountant at Lane I
almost managed to stall everything
unfortunately the Airbnb rebooked we can
check in tonight though the pad booked a
hotel nearby tonight and then we can
check in tomorrow to the Airbnb don't
want to be now achieve anything
car rental places is still open and
jambalaya I get to go on tomorrow
well this your day if she day well guys
it's it's now corpus five in the morning
I've just stayed up all night I mean we
got in it like 2:30 I've just stayed up
before yeah three hours just trying to
complete as much work as I can before we
just fully relax and mean riah have been
planning to take this time off for you
know forever we just need a few days off
just together no phones no cameras no
laptops and yeah I'm I'm really looking
forward to it I think there's something
that you don't always see watching the
vlogs is that this is a 24 hour a day
like job and it doesn't allow a lot of
room for just you know getting down time
getting headspace and you know even when
I'm not got my camera out and constantly
thinking what am I going to feel next
haven't got enough shots it's a great
life don't get me wrong but it's nice to
plan in some some breaks and this is
like a going to be a real holiday
although a lot of my life is in some way
to constant holiday this is going to be
really good and much-needed time for me
and Riya so that's the plan I'm going to
try and take two solid days off any tech
anything dears and this is the place
we're staying guys cool food check it
out look at this
God knows already
and I think what we've planned is maybe
today tomorrow tomorrow on the vlog but
today we are going to I'm going to show
you guys around the beer we're going to
be trout you know we've got a bit more
work to do and then we're going to be
getting to our beautiful air B&B which
is the other side of the island and then
yeah then we're going to take two days
off straight so I'm glad I managed to
catch up with a bit of work get stuff
sorted and yeah hopefully I'll be
re-energized and and maybe yeah just
I'll be able to recuperate a little bit
anyway it's been it's been an awesome
day I'm glad we managed to find
somewhere to come you know beginning of
today we didn't even though we were
going to be in Greece I'd thought we
were going to be in Turkey but yeah it
was I'm so glad we managed to pull it
together last-minute find flights and
somewhere to stay and you know get it
all sorted and amazing I don't know if
you guys ever do that absolutely
last-minute bookings but and sometimes
it can really work out all right I'll
catch you in a few hours and I'm going
to try and get like six hours sleep or
something should be good peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure Bay
