so today's an interesting day I've
received a large package in the post
which I'm about to open let's see what
this is the fun for Louie
Kellogg's crave challenge thanks
Kellogg's
I've seen there that a few other YouTube
is doing this online so this could be
quite exciting challenge what on earth
Oh check this out
fun for Louie crazy it's full-on printed
if they haven't just stuck a little
label on it look how cool it is Louie
your tweet when you eat challenge
involves you eating out which we know
you love we want you to eat your
breakfast in four different locations
number one the underground number two a
double-decker bus number three a famous
landmark and number four it's up to you
interesting we've given you everything
you need don't forget your bib Bon
Appetit of ours a tablecloth these look
like fold-up chairs are you going to set
up the whole thing and a fold-out table
to me and dave are up on our adventure
to complete this crave challenge
beginning of challenge 1
this is my friend Dave by the way those
of you don't know he's joining me for
the dinner party
Oh should we just share the same boat we
probably should get off this train -
they just told us it's terminal now
thank you so I think that's I think
that's the first challenge complete what
you're saying Dave it's tasty man yeah
Janet's complete all right let's do it
yeah
to Spain what a lovely place to have
some crave lovely so robust and we're
gonna challenge achieved its role thanks
mate so on to challenge number three a
famous landmark but this is a pretty
iconic landmark this is eros and this is
Piccadilly Circus so I thought I just
start the challenge here really
nothing's actually happening
don't want to blow out the candles yeah
complete my my we're just heading over
the river is it all right if we
literally just need to film a little
segment in the back it's nothing like
weird is that right well as we drive it
yeah okay to have a bit of food on the
go yeah challenge where's my spoon man
cheers breath eating with a bit of a
scenic drive perfect way to complete
there it's all Japanese
Thanks that is really good it's Carlos
crave hello Sprave very nice you like
yeah well that's my crepe challenge guys
hope you enjoyed it Craver actually
doing a big competition that you guys
can get involved with his laser prizes
and stuff called tweet when you eat and
this weekend they're doing a VIP like
trip to Ã¶land Towers Resort where you
can go with some of your friends and try
out their new ride called the smiler
or you have to lose entries go to
Twitter at crave Unleashed and hashtag
crave the smiler hope you enjoyed it all
it's it's been fun and thank you too AM
L MTV for tagging me in this and I'm
going to tag jacksgap for the next crave
challenge
