I'm Thomas Lake you want an on camera -
and you're watching fun for Louie I'll
go up a bit earlier today these guys are
enjoying laptop Club with very super
fast internet and no no we have no
internet like and me and Marcus are
going to go and shoot a video your buddy
what you saying about that amazing glory
speech Marcus it just looks like it's
calling me M I need to get on that beat
so I'm just giving up to film with
Marcus we're going to wander up and down
their Beach and fields and stuff such a
nice day such a floor is back
this whole video is for another channel
not log this channel bye it's really fun
we're just doing like dancing related
stuff and meeting loads of people up and
down Venice
so we're wrapping up the filming it's
been it's gone really well I think it's
gonna went really well like much better
and I thought it was going to be
it starts at like people so like happy
participate and Venice like that
everyone's killed every was like runs in
a good mood yeah it's amazing so we're
gonna we're going to head back grab our
penny balls local skate go up any boards
and we're ready to roll yeah
it's lunchtime
yeah this is awesome pizza $2.00 pizza
slices can't go wrong hey Marcus
I've just come back to the same place
I've got my penny balls from Venice
Beach and I'm getting dirty a penny
boards bring home for her I've got this
Rick this is really cool
nickel with polka dots here I'm gonna
get my board re like some grip tape it
on some new grip tape
so we're now rolling back to the house
- and everyone maybe go a little swim
this glorious day
what smoothly did you get market is
called The Hangover even though I'm not
hungover it just sounded good it's peach
mango and pineapple can have a little
taste
just got back to the house and I'm gonna
jump in the pool before the Sun Goes
Down
so Troy upload is an incredible video
today and it's really powerful I watch
it with Marcus whilst we're driving home
how you feel about open Troy that feels
so good
I feel so overwhelmed right now that my
phone's like blowing up life is crazy
yeah and yeah and I just I love everyone
hold your breath make a wish count to
three
Oh
you
member
look who's arrived disgrace hey grey
heron jacket filming TV little video
it's super geeky two cheeks right here
let's get a busy Joe and yeah soy film a
little diving video so any on the Deena
we're gonna throw a
grace and Gemma about to film a video
what are you guys filming we are going
to blindfold each other just tub oh
happy how do you feel about that so
great gross and memory off yeah so we're
not gonna get takeout through now we're
actually gonna go me the others and get
burgers is a really sick exit for the
vlog hello there welcome to Pan flew we
are going into the counter to grab what
I would be a cheetah burger where is
chibi people thanks for waiting for us
right thanks guys bye thanks so you said
your honor Jim said be nice orderly
outside okay Polly and then loaded let's
talk about never walk in your life yeah
that's what it was
Burger Time yeah sweet potato fries good
join your burger Desa give me Tonya off
the you flying tomorrow summary titty
yeah we just got back
we've got Casper some drugs how you
feeling Casper I can't leave my dragon
look who's here the financier they're
just about to get change come and get
get get those up oh I gotta get your
pants off me where you can get some yeah
yeah absolute act and it's his hot tub
time yes I hope you guys enjoy the hot
tub it was really fun the best part ever
and I'm really bad at it yeah we ended
up playing all these like
word-association games and stuff it's
pretty awesome
I just come upstairs being alerted to
the fact that what's happened mikus our
shower isn't turning off-white what no
seriously it's tough on hot water Marcus
I mean it works as well I was standing
in there oh wait it's all steamy it will
probably get is that so hot water oh wow
oh I cannot see anything no plumber but
I managed to fix the shower problem bit
of a big deal why there by this is
sleeping we've got some up going on
it's just half 3:00 in the morning and
I'm tired only go to bed and they're all
going home I don't know but we're gonna
maybe have some breakfast together right
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
