Oh another lovely morning this little
cheeky book so apparently this is the
Spotify house place for music
my check that another another day I just
caught a cab to a car rental place
excuse me
just bought this court cab to a car in a
place and now I'm going to rent a car to
go and get my macbook fixed hopefully I
got sweet ride well that was very
disappointing Apple could not help me
it's a complicated issue but I'll try
and struggle through with here as it is
to edit these vlogs and stuff for you
guys I've got some Thai food apparently
should be good so we're arriving at the
star of Texas fair and rodeo you know I
really have no idea what to expect but
it's quite a big event is sold out we
managed to get two hits it's gonna be
exciting there's actual Cowboys here
rocking an actual cowboy hats they're
power drill into a bit Christmas that's
how you've any questions
that is amazing I can't believe you just
took the power drills levitator
I'm gonna get a corn dog these guys
that's weird um yeah
Wow
so the game that playing in the moment
is talking to of a growl reflects the
floor
I don't know what just happened he just
rested the cow to the ground
so you know get out the next day without
a little hiss roaring sheep
so that now Roy in the phone
one of the saddest things about having
dreadlocks and a really big head is I
cannot find a cowboy hat that fits me it
makes me really sad this is so much fun
it's I genuinely thought some of those
guys were going to die at some point I'd
highly recommend if you're ever getting
opportunities go to a rodeo that
everything you thought a rodeo could be
that was it and more
I nearly I think I couldn't breathe for
the first time in it I could not believe
what I see it were getting killed but
once those days was like I don't know
what to expect next they could be firing
cows out cannons that's why things gonna
have a myth it's gonna be cows and
without cannons yesterday and my shin
Dave's video and some of you were like
really inspired by it and what it's
asking for questions so I'm gonna hand
the cameras to him now and he's gonna
share a little bit about his life and
cool stuff so people were just asking
how Lilly and me met and we'd be made
since we were teenagers about 15 and he
was about 17 used to drive around
picking up on mates and going out having
fun and so we've been minced for like
10-15 years now and yeah and I run a
company called Gibby and we help people
make donations to charities using their
social media accounts and trying to
change the way people think about you in
making it part of our everyday lives so
we're just having a wicked time here in
South by Southwest meeting loads of cool
people all those cool companies and
thinking about how we can do stuff a bit
different managed to persuade Larry to
come with me before he goes off to
playlist and it's been a wicked wicked
time one of the questions that you guys
ask yesterday was we know what's been my
biggest motivation and to do I do and I
think I was talking about this with
someone in a bar last night and just
saying that I just want to do the work
that matters I just want to get the job
done and there's lots of stuff going on
in the world that I think if we just put
our attention to it and we could see
completely different results for loads
of people and I think the people who
would motivate me or inspired me of
those that just get on and do stuff and
they they do more than they talk about
and so I've seen two people doing that
had my personal life family and friends
but also some of the
the big guys out there you know the
mother teresa's and them are looping
Martin Luther King's as well so yeah
hope that answers it - there we go
it's the end of the night I mean things
are gonna get some sleep I've only got
one more day with Dave tomorrow but I'm
sure you'll get to know him a little bit
more and yeah peace sound system
