so I woke up not long ago and the guys
went out shopping and we've got nicer
food yeah what we do we get the raise
its laptop club again and we're cooking
some food and so he's going over to fill
youtubers react
oh yeah and to be picture this is my
friend let me see my fridge opens any
just nauseous
don't you be smelling your face better
Joey where've you been this morning
thank you come and look at all of you
during the day this is amazing
yes healthy brunch I don't have a little
bit of that where's at the peach the
strawberries are sick out here twice
strawberry mmm try that got some pizza
look who's right Jin's arrived for a
swim
we're going to jump in the pool in their
little gray actually to finish some
editing how you doin today Troy I'm
going to start our getting ready to film
with video the special someone the room
yeah the boys are in the hot tub what a
glorious day on literally under any
minute finishes in it
Connors arrived hey man gonna wind up
what's up what do you think of our view
over la it's pretty it's okay let's do
you want to be in oh my god I might
describe it's time for some cool action
this is a lot
Markus and Conner filming a video and
we're gonna help them
today's been the nicest day so far just
chilling on the pool such a nice white
now none of the big con blow-drying my
hair for me
got some pop-tarts that's right then
what flavor this done there's more
flavored we are now all going to thin up
for going out to a nice fancy restaurant
we have arrived at the stinking rose
restaurant
I'm not sure if I like garlic drugs that
was a delicious that was a delicious
meal we'll head back now there's been a
weird series of events tonight I which
showed up to Lily's filming thing and it
didn't really work out with everyone and
but now but now but it did it workout
videos gonna be awesome
okay cool that was in it yeah so anyway
so anyway so now we're here with Matt
finally gets hang out with Matt a little
bit the deans here this is her last
night in America so we we all need to go
and have some fun
we are now getting a coffee this is
called a peach cobbler and I'm quite
excited right now to give this little
taster and I had a grilled cheese from
the kids menu because I'm 12 years old
we had an Oreo milkshake I don't
understand wine England we don't have
late-night coffee shops dropping it off
it means leaving tomorrow morning sad
I'm now heading back to the house so
good to see Matt I haven't actually seen
him in quite a while and I miss that guy
this mass hopefully I'll get to hang out
a little bit more but I am tired I
definitely think that I'm back at the
house everyone's gone to bed I think
they're planning to move on a beach trip
tomorrow or something like that
I'm going to go to sleep peace out enjoy
life and at the adventure
