today I've been recording some videos
some little short clips and today it's
gonna be an interesting day I'm actually
leaving Sue's house for a little bit
everyone's relations relief and going on
a bit of an official so a couple of my
friends have arrived from the UK they're
on the worldwide trip in the moment and
I'm gonna go down and find them right
I'm leaving
select guys this side no hair Sarah
we're gonna go up and have some fun now
right we've got to LAX to pick up my
friend day this is my friend Dave we've
just picked him up I'll talk to you
about later haven't eaten all day we're
now hitting the Cheesecake Factory this
one once and food in the time it's
consuming to put my ketchup on my food
Daisy in arms burger already
yeah
so we just had the Muslim catcher had a
big feed at the cheese factory I on
which side I'm so full and now me and
David gonna go chill in the hotel and
have a well needed ketchup we're going
to try and sleep in the jacuzzi it's
past the curfew time but Oh change okay
we're gonna hop over we're gonna get so
towed off you know that
I give us like 10 minutes
I've got lady busted busted
we just got thrown out by the guards
okay so we managed to get at least half
an hour to 45 minutes of it accusing
before we go chart out Dave's asleep
yeah it's all been a bit rushed today
I'm gonna chat to you guys much but
basically I just clicked something up
first sadly a cool me and soy recall
basically me and Sam were and sira ended
up crashing it so is for like two months
we then went to Japan and then get Tommy
back I thought you know it's only fair I
should like to see a little bit just
let's say I have a bit of space at his
house and sad my best friend come over
for the weekend this stuff so we just I
just went to Sears for a week and we
weren't hanging out every day so with
you were panicking a little bit it's
absolutely fine don't worry but now I'm
off on another adventure
so my friends day has come over from the
UK we you know you've met briefly Simon
and Sarah earlier who happened to be
doing the world trip so we've all kind
of came together haven't seen them like
three years came together and had a meal
together it was great and stuff and then
midday you have come to the Hilton Hotel
if you hadn't gathered back and now
we're grabbing a few hours sleep and
then we're off to Texas tomorrow morning
at 6 a.m. at Reuters and I'm going to
South by Southwest which is a big kind
of internet Music Conference thing which
should be really something so it's gonna
be a bit of an adventure I'm leaving
Sarah Sawyer is here you've been with
for quite a few months now and I'm going
off my friend day and we're gonna happen
a great time and then I'm gonna meet up
with those guys I play this probably but
the next couple of weeks I have no idea
what's going on where I'm going to be
and all of us today as well I've
uploaded a memories video of when I was
14 I had a jungle bedroom that I entered
in the competition and I put some clips
of that TV show on as another video
which you can click through to now check
out this spooky living in this room
