good morning guys I am back in LA I took
the weekend off after a pretty
exhausting week which ended in up time
to Oklahoma and buying a plane for the
world's flight so if you missed that
vlog go and check out I've now say
goodbye to JP he's gone back to Toronto
the finish and flight training and I'm
just heading down now to a bikini in
Venice to the Aurora Laura's flown in
from the UK and this evening ride
Landing as well and we are heading to
check-in for VidCon which is happening
over the next four days so I'm really
excited it's going to be really good
week and I feel rested and ready to
party
I've met with Laura for lon how you
doing
yeah back in America okay
we've just decided after lunch we're
going to try and go and rent a bike
Laura I thought my booster board some
registers charging and we're going to
head down standing on a car because we
both got a little bit shopping to do I
think Dora's going to buy some trainers
and I need to buy like a lot of things
clothes stock stuff art you know cause
bicycles thank you I feel a bit bad
Laura that you're walking don't worry
guys are going to go and find a fighter
in a place - Laura we're just arriving
at Venice Beach now so I know on and off
for the last year I've been hinting at
the fact that me and Rio we're going to
try and face up in LA and problem is we
haven't found a time where we're
actually free so so we've decided now
that after the world flight in November
our priority is finding somewhere to
rent out here
yeah it'll be nice especially off the
Sutter in ten three months they'll be
good just to come here and chill and
base up and yeah just have somewhere to
call home for a little bit laura has her
bike this is pretty reasonable it was
only $15 for three hours I think that's
pretty good go is and it matches your
dress
I go we just figured out this is one of
those fixed gear bikes which stop it
like it stops when you stop pedaling
whiny pacifically right funny bishop
oh my gosh those look amazing imagine
trying to cycle we want to know if we
could so dangerous who needs gears and
you got legs of Steel
yeah work it work it disappear
please living in water
guys if you haven't taken that little
beach path from Venice Santa Monica I
highly recommend it whether you're
walking jogging booster boarding cycling
is such a beautiful every alright first
stop we're heading into the bandsaw
guys here's a little tip if you've got
boosted board charge it at every
possible opportunity because otherwise
you'll end up miles from home with no
battery which is happens to be a few
time/space oh is it like topping up so
you might have gathered from other blogs
I've gone shopping it's not my favorite
hobby I'm Connie by all the people I
need in this vans door I've done most of
them I got some socks
found some sunglasses I might even get
like a shirt or t-shirt that's pretty
much everything don't want any underwear
in there though
oh yeah I'm liking the color there's a
really nice survey there any nice what
about your way yeah man if you give me
the wrong side effect so do it like
these I can get the men but some I like
weird stuff so px is very weak on this
one okay
I think they too are they the right side
that's good we're basically making a
vans commercial guys it isn't sponsored
if you wanna confer abandon that we go
perfect to the dude in the store said if
I leave my old shoes on the sidewalk out
here
homeless people know to come I mix the
paper they can get free sheet so this is
pretty cool hopefully these will go some
new home sorry guys
fleurs having dress problems Goodwin
yeah check it out
Laura what are your favorite things
about Venice yeah Mikey Tibet is not
real they are really friendly under here
I think when you were skating and I was
thinking that night and suspected
language Sassenach
cheering me on anyway like from the
house you can do it Dora's distraught
overbite I'm now whizzing back to the
bus and I need to get the laa ASAP
because Raya has just landed and I want
to pick her up with the bus which could
be interesting logistically trying to
pull over in the bus but we'll see right
I have jumped in the bus I'm now going
to drop a few thing dr. Laura with a bag
stuff she's going to chill here for a
little bit what they're going to briar
I'm really looking forward to seeing
Raya
we've been apart for a couple of weeks
yeah why does like road trippin to the
GoPro game so you just seen in Europe
filming a video yeah our lives sometimes
get a bit crazy and we don't get to
spend a lot of time together by all the
think that's a healthy thing in a
relationship
certification
before we head out to Anaheim I'm
stopping for fuel I have this ongoing
problem in America where most people
they pay the pump and then they couldn't
fill up but not having a u.s. bank card
me it doesn't accept my class duty to
did post so every single time I have to
go and prepay for myself so I just have
to like guess how much my fields gonna
cost and which is difficult when you're
bouncing from state to state and fuel
prices fluctuate anyway put 150 dollars
of these unless the weapon
guys I'll tell you more about this after
VidCon but basically we are planning an
epic road trip we're going to pack the
bus full of people and we're going to
head up please leave to Lake Tahoe
let's our plans change but we we've
heard it's really beautiful this time of
year and yeah it's always nice thing a
bit of a LT a live the adventure trip
after VidCon so be good give me a lot of
fun okay we have past the bust up we're
making the long walk to the hotel well I
say walk but I mean we'd be boarding
right we've settled into our hotel for
the entirety of VidCon and it's going to
be a crazy few days but I never felt
more prepared for VidCon I feel very
rested and yeah glad we managed to
squeeze our bus in the carpark
was a bit of a mission getting it in but
we managed to and I was going to tonight
try and get the bus a bit more ready to
show people like like I've been talking
for weeks at UPS and swapping the
branding out which I'm going to try to
you tomorrow morning Ryan's also
suggested from the drive a bit in and we
try to swear our sound system for what
we hear but also to the road trip we're
going to leave on some and see what I
can do maybe we can get someone out to
help with that but yeah it's an industry
day tomorrow which means a lot the
content a lot of the stuff happening at
VidCon is more aimed at kind of brands
and creators and then yeah and then
Friday and Saturday is the full on days
where we're going to be doing some cool
things as well we have a panel on
Saturday so guys if you're watching cuz
I love the back back on track if you're
watching and you're at VidCon and you
want to come to our panel on Saturday
it's going to be pretty epic there's
some great people there and it's at 2:00
p.m. we're going to be talking about and
how to see your dreams and
a difference in the world which has hit
rethink is where they put in the program
but yeah come along we'd love to see you
and yeah I'll catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life Livi adventure but
