there's something on the lens
cool today we are going on a little trip
to see Matt and leader no you film some
videos we just popped in to a bank with
seer to get some money or banker
checkers are they and they've got free
coffee
lollipops we just got here it's like an
hour's drive and this place the bill is
completely different to LA I way up in
the mountains
it's just look so different it's kind of
cool and we're gonna go find leader and
Matt now it's somewhere around here
I hope okay so we picked up Matt and
leader we're now heading somewhere else
this guy looks intense we're all gonna
there's some intense looking guys around
here bro oh wow he's flexing and he's
got a mustache he's smoking he's got a
big bid
he's a PA he looks like like Hells
Angels
there's so many dogs so we got to lead
this dad's house and there's a tree that
you can climb on to straight out of the
window and end up there it's really high
up it's overlooking a canyon there down
there so awesome I would build a tree
house here leaders making me some tea
what's Thai tea oh I've been craving tea
I'm not a big tea drinker in England
that there's no tea in America really
none that I can find there's this
incredible swing out here but if you
want to see some swing action go over to
Sears vlog I'll link it below but we're
gonna go walk down here and watch sunset
was drinking tea really weird orange tit
looks like mud look at this tea looks
like mud
in case you want four different angles
yes
if you connect all these videos together
you can get a three big video a freely
video just click there it is very
beautiful sunset this teas made it
leader happy kid yeah we're now going to
see Hudson's Ivy at the fusion of
Thailand the fusion of Thailand I'm a
big fan of ivy so I got five star hot
curry but the hottest curry let's see
what happens this might be really hot
this good oh it's really spicy
my ears are stinging and my nose is
running
so this evenings got rather strange
we're watching a film about Nazis that
live on the moon I don't know what's
good so everyone's going to bed night
leader that's it it's easily been asleep
now until we've had a fun evening of
watching movies eating chips and cookies
and just hanging out and we're gonna go
to sleep now so I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out
