hi I'm David we're New York City and
you're watching fun on celui we've had a
relaxed morning Alexis and now we're
going out for some lunch and there's a
beautiful sunny day in LA apparently
this place is also too the lemonade
we've ordered sandwiches but with
struggling taking a dessert they all
excels
I'm thinking this one
where's Darcy
differently
cheers dusty
yes
today Darcy is gonna learn how to penny
more
alexxa had a little forward here okay
like this guy
good time
we've had a lot of fun on Venice Beach
teach and Daphne has escaped and just
enjoying the sunshine
now we're having a little coffee break
Louise blooming himself skateboarding
we're just stopping up for some food
where you getting dusty chocolate chip
cookies it's a great I've got two
bananas bananas the cookies are the way
forward and like donkeys found something
exciting what you fantastic guys Darcy
country's did you get lucky Charles with
six new swirled moons or lucky charms
with three rainbows the jet LAG's got me
it's got me help save me from the jet
lag Alexa got this cool a drink which
I'm gonna try now I've never tried to
kill them oh and this is the Lexus
friend Lily she's crazy in a good way
iPhone in the top of water we don't know
what today get some rice it's like a
 demon Denise that doesn't open
obviously we need rice okay we've been
divert it from getting dinner
Lillian's drops her phone in water we
need to get rice we found somewhere and
rice is important right that Rice's how
funny is Lily
it's true in our faces they are
sprinting they are sprinting for the
rice
they're gone they're gone don't panic
the the phone is in the rice it's in the
rice it's in the rice it's in there it's
in there
we just got to wait and see what now we
have found an in-and-out burger place
and we're gonna go there now for some
food so we're hungry in the out this is
Darcis first in-and-out experience yeah
it's a lot of first we went back to
Alexis for like an hour to and then
maybe three and we were just trying and
staying off about me about food I told
Lily about my life and then we realized
it was time to go and meet with all the
other guys the OTL guys it was basically
sleep over villain like yeah we're just
having fun
try not to be lime green jelly right now
and now it's like 2:00 in the morning
we're going from here we are we have
arrived at crave it's like 2:30 in the
morning and we're here we're here
everyone hey guys what's up my guy is
not yummy my name is Connor and hot
chocolate that's right we got hot
chocolate with extra whipped cream I
think I do a tiny bit this is my daily
routine people before I get on camera
after I get on the food at my team
oh that turns into quite a fun evening
it's great to catch up with all the
Second Life guys and yeah meeting some
new people and it's fun to introduce
people to Darcy and help her to settle
into LA I am quite tired and I've got a
photo shoot tomorrow morning at
fullscreen I think it's a little thing
for VidCon so I'm gonna get some sleep
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure baby
