today's a lazy day I'm going to be
editing lots of videos this afternoon
it's 1 p.m.
since kind of still asleep
I would be too properly we gots a bit
late it's been very chill today we've
been sitting around doing videos and
Sears been making some music and me and
Sora I think is gonna head down to the
gym now
it's up on again it's gonna be
sweet
I don't know why but we get to sell you
public but another site Annette is
we are getting ready to go out of twist
tonight for its one day I'll show you
how it's risky because you know they get
really fluffy and messy and then I kind
of meeting them up next time I do it all
that I'll show you guys
hey what you're gonna wear see why sure
brought you you're looking good seer
I've got my share at the back up I'm not
sure what kind of else we're gonna have
fun tonight we go probably parts art
we're heading to the party with we think
we've where arcade poking it yeah I
don't really understand those American
science Vilnius
I got you I'm sorry I'm the leader the
leader following the leader go every guy
well this relation is leader we're
following the leader so it turns out
that the house part is this this bamboo
ghost town they're gonna play us some of
their music you got to go check them out
I'll link they're all that stuff in the
description you guys don't follow me on
twitter and like download all their
albums
we can make men destroy beans okay I'll
get really crazy Japan so make some
cocktails where you know the pop sugar
free right ballpark that's max well all
of the Yankees 0 this is a crazy part
what we have got Thai food everyone this
is so exciting
Wow is the most highest food of
everything so we're gonna go now pick up
the other guys we left for that club
earlier that's why they're not around
right now
hey what's up if you don't know me my
name is Matt G 1 2 4 on YouTube and if
you don't know me
thank you doing the DPD always
alright it's the end of the night these
less than our guys go check out these
guys our YouTube channels they're
awesome
boy everyone tweet everyone tweet demo
fizzy in time to put his finger of his
also and make some video content hasn't
made a video in four months and ashes
not acceptable tweet if some video ideas
may be brilliant
okay not everyone peace out see you in
two days
