there's another day and something
happened yesterday which is quite bad
but Sam didn't vlog it so this is a
little clip of what happened yesterday
to Sam's laptop Sam just spilled his
chocolate milkshake I'm not even joking
literally all over whose MacBook Pro
this is shouldn't even be on camera this
is serious oh no it went all in it went
all in the keyboard yeah
we're back at the Grove and again to eat
breakfast I don't think we're supposed
to skate in it we might try and get
later then there's like angry-looking
Securi America we're here with mahogany
she's got the pig remember when the me
up we're gonna get some lunch
we're at a Brazilian South Korea which I
had a lot of when I was in Brazil this
is awesome this is all really resilient
apart from the spicy chicken I was
living in Brazil for three months and
they don't have spicy food so that's not
Julien Bart this is very Brazilian
see it's best fried guarana wait wait
Shane was it taste like
it's like a garage delicious lunch on
somebody for a little bit let my food
good people skating no good show off the
food OKC is going to attempt the
difficult jobs I've just seen the
funniest thing my mama is uploaded a
YouTube video a song she's written about
me you need to go and watch it I'll play
I'll play you a clip you need to go and
watch this it's called food foolery
blues I put it on for Louie I'm gonna
put it in the description now if you
click
I'm taking out the trash taking out the
trash well exactly rubbish buff you know
trash rim we are heading down to a
Valentine's party that's be put on by
this apartment complex happy Valentine's
out this food down here actual food if
you've ever wondered what's inside a
veggie burger
look at my lollipop Sam is a master of
origami show us what you made there oh
sorry about that ninja star I got
frightened choice face I mean see ya go
whoever we are
restaurant ninjas this is the craziest
tree I've ever ever met
you can punch his hard Sawyer you love
this man so quick guys we have made this
friend of amigo was amazing his name's
Martin we're gonna we're gonna next
couple of days link a YouTube video
that's gonna cut up and this is this is
an exciting time for everyone it's been
a fun day I'm chilled now just winding
down with the evening and I've got a
saying really funny to tell you guys my
mum's been really inspired by me
vlogging she really loves the fun for
Louie Channel not so keen on the food
for Louie channel but she's been so
inspired about the vlogging that she's
actually started vlogging which came to
a big surprise to me but I'd love it if
you guys could go and check out her
vlogs obviously she's new so you know
don't be too harsh on her she's she's
learning but I really love her first
vlog it's about me growing up and like
loads of stuff a lot but I go and check
it out it's Liz Cole vlogs it's my mum
Liz Cove vlogs
um link it in the description and you
can click here and go and say some nice
things there cool all right
