the guys is raining Steve what's going
on just want to say that then you're
going to come up for breakfast Oh was it
raining we try to get up early but I
kind of failed a little bit so I just
better like 5:00
what was the first one up trying to get
everyone up anyway then let me got in
the car we've headed over to cheeky
little breakfast coffee shop place that
Ben loves and he's meet yes Nick I've
been just got here this is his joint
tell us about this going back this place
is relatively new like only open last
year and it's just run by the local
surfers around
they're just really passionate about
good food good coffee there's such nice
guys they've become my friends are now
ours port Bay and actually one of the
best lights up there it makes you miss
Mitzi Mitzi convinced in deep in court
how you did today
we've got a little takeaway coffee
butters
so we are having laptop Club we just
came back to this office for a little
bit and then we're gonna be using I mean
I can show you some of these guys as
well yeah basically
last night I was silly and I was arm
wrestling Steve and was honestly Nick
and I somehow like pulled my left
shoulder and like I've got an hour's
mass of just like maybe ball from Nick
looks I'm really bad but I just done
something crazy and it's so painful like
it's going to solve it it's like solid
in there yes yeah screw food for Louie
this is painful Louie this place
we have a right at some place I don't
actually the big shopping mall shopping
center and we are about to go and see if
anyone speaks say hello we just a little
tweet out the other day saying we're
going to be around so hopefully it's not
selecting
we found some people and we're just
gonna go and chill and like hang out
that is just like a really chill group
of people I've been able to actually go
around and chat to everyone and it's
just been awesome
I'm actually gonna pass the camera now
and let some of the South African
youtubers introduce themselves channel
is more important than your shadow males
my travel is a loss of r1 that's all oh
it's an ala one subscribe I am
sensationally good-looking and Bonnie
hey guys my name is Mike Mike Rogers
this is awkward being on a youtube
sensation channel should I get to the
points okay I have a YouTube channel
where I do short films and skits so
please check that out it's mr. useless
Mike because I couldn't think of a name
of John hi Roy I'm Justin and window
it's where it's not African YouTube
we're pretty cool actually
make sure you check out our channel the
links should be in
the only reason people subscribe because
of our cool accent okay just guys try
guys is a momentous day we have launched
the clothing brand find the nomads it's
up we put the site up literally just now
the Steve's been slaving away all day
working hard again
Tom liked the description don't buy your
t-shirt you would have seen the blog
from yesterday this is one of them
awesome learner we're going to show you
go to the website you see more like this
is here again we just filmed the video
if something's going to go out from here
trying to look a little interview so
again if you haven't already going to
subscribe he just just provide us that
with dinner the other day and it was a
beautiful well yeah we're we're wrapping
up now we're heading off for it's a boot
means Steven really excited about the
DeSales rolling and the t-shirts see how
exciting is this so local global failure
also thank you thank you
amazing so excited it's not even
surprised
I generally one of them
that was grill Chile Villa change that
is a big sub stroke in my body we're
finished on meal that was genuinely the
best steak I've ever had in my life
it's pretty late again
I'm actually really tired and we've been
chilly and just doing laptop Club for a
couple of hours tomorrow he knows what's
what is gonna hold
probably some surfing or was quad bike
and of something fun
yeah the meet I was fun it's been great
to launch to find the nomads thanks to
everyone who's been by t-shirts is so
awesome and I catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life they've been
venture boom
