there's another day and today is going
to involve skateboards again or surprise
and also driving rental ecology loans
which happens most days as well when we
collected this car yesterday
Sam vlogs that it only done for 13 miles
it's a brand new car he's never done a
hundred and forty two bonds I'm boarding
it today I'll put down the scooter again
I'm trying to pick up the skateboard
it's not as easy but it's actually more
fun we have stopped for donuts
very delicious looking donuts look at
this one today
bacon bacon doughnut bacon doughnut
right we're gonna go into our weekly
food shop on skateboards but this time
we're gonna load up toys car yeah you're
gonna make fun dude I feel like all our
vlog footage is us just riding
skateboards around that's me like every
vlog but today we are in a hump again
and I am trying
chicken and waffles for the first time
the parent is a bit of a ghetto food so
yeah so I recommended it be good yes I'm
gonna tuck into this
we found these these things we've just
got back from get some food walked out
to the balcony check this crazy crazy
cloud it looks like a storm cloud so
it's raining which is a bit crazy yeah
oh that YouTube Nextup making actually
not really making vids but just chillin
with some people so we need to bring
that's him
you know how we you know it again
there's a band of brothers and so so it
is we're gonna we're gonna have a good
night Mike correct we're gonna we're
gonna eat fund Eitan I have never had
cheese fondue before you're gonna make
us it yeah but I was gonna make you like
the protein fondue come on slave they
didn't have all the right cheeses
cheese cheese cheese I'm gonna use this
little 6x on it now right y'all fit
enough ladies I'm single and you can
cook you can cook right now dancing
Disney sucks
look he's just a really good time at oh
so tidy out I'm in the bud oh yeah this
is dope look what is that one
okay okay ready cheese pizza surely have
a feeling he didn't actually take a pic
you know we're gonna go get some party
but say yeah my crap
Oh awesome okay we play mr. clarify
people that have been saying about
bubble tea and baby seat in England it's
bubble tea in America if fiber to
apparently someone told me in my blog in
Asia its bubble tea is that true well
bubble teas an American version of over
guys I've got a very very important
message you all need to go and subscribe
to stay I'm not ready
well look good oh oh look a bit face oh
it's my makeup artists do later bye give
him a kiss I'll go mango that scratch
the cruciate unsubscribe from si R and s
plus a sushi and it's here 1260
unsubscribe what's your what's your
eternal diamond Fred slave deep fizzy
fizzy slush slush cr2 a 16 Russia Slater
it's been real it's been fun it's been
real fun I can't talk studying on so
nervous with your blogger peace probably
gonna buy some minecraft
