good morning guys and welcome to Texas I
don't know exactly where in Texas we are
but we are driving to Oklahoma
if you missed yesterday's vlog who's
absolutely nuts we only just made up
light and we are here because we are
potentially buying a plane to the
world's light it's been an interesting
few months trying to figure out how
we're going to get around the world and
whether we're going to get so into plane
toy manufacturer but anyway we'd finally
visibility and we're going to go and
hopefully take the plane for a test
flight and see how it is and then yes
didn't take weeks though will be tragedy
but play doc bigger excited and yeah
we're making good progress the only
problem is here is the massive storm
ahead of us
which may hinder our plan today so this
is the software that we'll be using when
we're flying and this is the aviation
software that shows you kind of I guess
satellite data so is showing us the
storm ahead and
all the embedded cumulus cloud lightning
strike lightning all the valuable stuff
that we'll need on the round-the-world
flight and it's nice because we're in
front of a storm but more safely on the
ground
so we can correlate to you how snow else
on board used to be doing it and worst
case scenario we're thinking even if
this storm is crazy in in our way for
why today we might say excitation not
evil don't a plan will be flying on LA
tonight this isn't any old rainstorm
this is a hailstorm imagine we applied
Little Italy deadly and Tiger the
chorion wracking winter it's ready right
look at the divers quicker there's no
details though I cannot remember the
last time I think it is
I removed about to arrive at the airport
there trying to be the first honest but
laplacian thankfully the weather is
clear that as well please guys
Okara rule answering the service for
anything
I like in this Oklahoma weather finally
Louie yeah are you in
were you the English chat I am now
lovely it's prettiest to thing I've ever
seen in my life really oh yeah
the interior is also cleaner than
expected Wow
this is so exciting
how you feeling dopey happy yeah I
didn't expect it to be this good you
feeling confident this is all guy got
the eyes
got it all right
this is our trunk boot space this is
where we're going to have a lot cameras
or maybe the extra fuel tank I'm not
sure we're just throwing out some
paperwork and putting down a deposit
before we take out for test light break
in exciting oh good what are you doing
Louis now signing the payment agreement
but just for the deposit but if
everything goes well we'll have it we
can we'll have ourselves a plane to fly
around the world let's do this stealer
so of course we must go to a demo course
yeah be inclusive you so this is Dan
he's the owner of the company that's
Michael he's handling the sale date
today
it would just normally go pro does this
remind you of Namibia yeah bro I think
we're leaving in less than two months
right we're just showing down the 360
video content we're going to try and
film a little bit in the culture gives
you your Kindle in your balls like a
building you know yeah time to take the
play now
burr we need to come up with a name for
the plane guys suggest some names below
this is a monumental moment we're going
to clip back going to be it's going to
be a regular occurrence for us getting
in this plane okay how am I getting it
around just to squeeze in the back yeah
yeah I guess then I'll sit on this side
I don't know where are you
Oh
Oh
are you clear
there
thank you
Oh
what should think you sweet landed them
a beautiful role here the main thing
about mothers is so comfortable
she's good solids - including your good
smooth hair that comes boilin so then
let it sit in the back without a headset
like that it just feels like a luxury
alright I wasn't expecting that that are
you very good
how does a JPEG amazing sweating because
it was so hot um yeah boy these things
really they perform they do great with
the original motor this engine in here
yeah there any other loser running
engine yeah thou dismayed fly ok what's
your opinion JP as a pre-check works out
and we can register it in the US love
not being citizens they have themselves
a deal we're good so it's going to get
checked out on staff amazing is that
when your guys going me Saturday Sunday
JB's got a guy coming over just to do
mechanical check check it all over and
yeah if we're happy which I'm pretty
sure we will be I'm optimistic but see
anything
yeah so yeah we'll know within we'll
know within this week public if it's all
to go ahead I'm super excited I just
can't explain how excited I we're
heading off now
to sing on goodbye still a baby
Oh guys
I'm struggling to contain my excitement
right now pleasant related in visionary
where YouTube well we have to book a
flight tomorrow morning now because yeah
we let the chill a start we need to
state and we deny the air for and I'm
just ringing around some speed which
places have hot tub because that's like
this number one essentially specifically
the early thing you hear a lesson we are
back in Dallas we brick the flight for
9:00 a.m. tomorrow morning and we're
just checking in to our little motel
place I'm ready for a nap and also the
best thing
two-forty pirate managed to grasp dinner
I'm about to head to bed in a motel
unfortunately if we could only get a
bedroom with one bed it's a big bed so
we'll be like and then yet tomorrow
we're flying back to LA has been a very
short visit not very successful I'm
still buzzing over dinner me and JP
Hussein we are still I completely on a
high that we saw the plane today and
it's looking very likely that we're
going to go ahead and buy that plane
yeah I mean this is this is a big big
stepping-stone a milestone in this whole
journey and we need you guys to help us
pick a name for the plane so suggest
names below and and also head over to
the Instagram account slide beyond
borders I'll link that as well that's
where we're going to be doing a lot of
the eclipse updates and as we kick out
the plane and as we're flying around the
world we posting a lot of stuff there
yeah I'm excited to take you guys on
this journey and
yeah I'll let you know as soon as we
confirm purchase right see in the
morning he's now enjoy life a little
adventure
