backside a pretty excited we get bugs
but that's about it sorry
so we just have the most amazing
incredible breakfast in the world I feel
absolutely stuff right now it's okay
we're currently on our way to Mexico as
you can only see them guys sitting on
the van in the background we've been
driving for about an hour now I think
we've got about 40 minutes left or
something it's pretty sexy I myself I'm
sure looking to that Motel checkout out
you to drive it down the west coast
towards San Diego I'm gonna chill in San
Diego have a little meet out with some
viewers Mexico see if we get through the
border
so we've just pulled over now in the
middle of San Diego we're gonna find a
Starbucks am i right attempting alright
so we're currently sitting in Starbucks
and we're wanting to go to Mexico soon
but we've been told that it's not the
best idea
Oh Cheers not very reassuring to me I
think yeah apparently because getting
shots on YouTube just had a conversation
with the woman I was like can you take
out your cameras in Mexico and they were
like no so we've just had three more
girls come in and I'm gonna ask them
what their thoughts on Tijuana your dad
agent well no you aren't that your
policy that's scary
so we've been told not to go to Mexico
because will most probably be shot but
we reckon that's just gonna make it way
more fun no I told my mom she was like
don't go to Mexico so it's cool Louise
Atlanta so you're as responsible for my
help okay well just as a message to your
mom because Jack's over 18 now we're off
to a Mexico yeah why not
hopefully not gonna get shot that's my
main party thought one plan it is not to
get killed in Mexico
so I was watching the news the other day
and they they were talking about how
they'd found 37 heads in a Mexican city
are you actually seriously all the drug
cartels like trafficking drugs from the
whole of South America come through this
to my right why why are we going because
I want to get shot I think we should I
think we are gang should be the new kind
of drug drugs
yesterday you want to buy a hug
we're going across to get to the border
now to Mexico and there is police on
every single recorder beat house I go
right up the grid get a look at the left
over there thanks so much you guys be
careful
what does that mean it means I'm scared
I arrived in Mexico baby
what up guys hanging so with my yo-yo
yeah hi ru wait you guys
did you just random and you just around
the chair so you've just met some guys I
guess watch our videos in Mexico which
is amazing and they've offered us a lift
your mum's hauling hay jump in our car
we take you to a Mexican restaurant
how you feeling dad it's all part of an
adventure
what's going on man breathing so we've
just been squeezed I'm just being
squeezed
nothing parent is too dangerous to see
in the back Jack's you need to sit in
the front well this is going to be
really cozy maybe maybe the girls can
sit on your lap
in there we spend a day in Mexico
everyone that was so kind I'm kind of
humbled by how generous they were and
yeah like we just went there think you
would be a horrible place turned out to
be such a lottery place I'm so happy
we're at the border right now in Mexico
and head back to LA get some sleep
before
you
