I'm sure something will break babe
welcome to Buffalo today is an exciting
day we are doing a photo shoot we're me
and our so you're going to pick up
Callum those of you that know color and
then my other friend then we're driving
into central London is about you excited
for today Darcy so we're picking up fast
and we've got Callum as well amen and
now we're rolling to London
did you enjoy that hour-and-a-half car
journey hello
all right we've picked up some stuff and
we are now going to grab some lunch and
some cold drinks because it is warm
today
how you feeling better
so we're just going to find some nice
locations to do some photo shoots that
would be sitting in traffic MO today
it's been a horrible but still loving
this weather
it's time for a light refreshment in
this very humid hot weather right we're
come down to brick lane in East London
to take some more photos have a little
wander around we have found the most
ghetto Park in London
yes color this looks like a little
allotment look at this Hasselblad camera
for those of you know anything about
photography that's the bad man to finish
off photo shoot we're going to head home
while we're dropping backs off good job
man
tiller Callen stopped off for a TT
burrito and dice is getting back on us
so guys I'm back from my adventure in
London and I'm having a little catch-up
with Iran on skype hey man and you know
living the adventure yeah have you been
bro pretty good just making videos the
retail store has been going great
branches on the East Coast yeah
it's 1:00 in the morning I've had a
pretty fun day I'm sure you guys have
started to guess some stuff but don't
worry
literally in a couple of days we're
gonna make a big announcement about
everything but you may have seen some
exciting things in today's look um in
five hours I'm getting picked up for my
friend Emily and we're gonna go and get
Dave drive to the airport and we're
flying to Dubai as I said yesterday then
a couple of days after that we're going
to South Africa to Cape Town Steve's
gonna join us we're gonna meet up with
Ben and we're gonna maybe try and track
down Casper who knows but we're gonna
have an awesome time there so get ready
for an action-packed adventurous week I
actually just go and pack and sort out a
few things before I go um it's a little
bit crazy really but Allah okay see you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
