I was born in Epsom in the South of
England my dad was a teacher and my mum
was an IT trainer when I was one and a
half my sister Hillary is born we've
always been close at school I lived in
my own imaginary world me and my friend
Tom used to pretend our head teacher was
Hitler and we were spies in a Nazi
military camp at the age of ten I
started growing my hair the next few
years I was mistaken for a girl on many
occasion I was not happy as a kid my
best friend Andy and I used to make
videos together we were always bursting
with imaginative games we even built a
homemade zipline out his bedroom window
I grew up in church and was massively
inspired by Jesus's love people wanted
to reflect this in my life when I was 14
I flew to Malaysia and went jungle
trekking with my family seeing different
cultures changed my perspective on the
world inspired by this trip I decorated
my bedroom as a tropical rainforest and
entered it in a competition on the
National BBC TV show homefront I won it
was a proud moment at 16 Andy who just
learnt to drive borrowed his mum's car
one day and we drove to Paris instead of
going to school it was a start of my
love for road trips every week my
friends my used to sit around and Andy's
bedroom dreaming about how we could
change the world inspiring and
encouraging each other to achieve our
dreams
this group continues to be the stronger
support in my life around this time my
little sister Darcy was born with the
age gap and all the nappies I ended up
having to change it gave me a real taste
of what would be like being a daddy the
same year I started working as a
freelance graphic designer for my
neighbor they encouraged my love for
digital design shortly after I got my
first laptop and started earning from it
a 17 not made a decision to stop
drinking to support a friend who was
struggling for drinking at the time I
never took up drinking again after my a
levels I got my hair dreadlocked and I
went on a father-son bonding trip with
my dad to Thailand
we went jungle trekking and one night we
got picked up by the Thai military and
held in an armory of their military base
it was a safe fund I then started my gap
year volunteering as a youth worker for
my church I saw myself as a role model
for younger teenagers also this year I
went for work experience at Sky TV doing
3d animation after a month or so I got
offered a job so I scrapped my plans for
university around this time I met an
amazing man called
he had a well-paid job and comfortable
life but given away everything he owned
and dedicated his life to loving people
and caring for the outcast of society
inspired by him I moved out of my
parents in need my friend's house they
had an open home for anyone to visit it
was always full of very colorful
characters one day I met a homeless guy
in London called Dan after talking for a
while I spontaneously invited him to
come and live with us
he slept under the stairs we became good
friends I then chose to live in homeless
squat
it was quite extreme they were heroin
addicts and no toilets there I met
another homeless man called Nick I
invited him to come live in the new
house I was renting with friends it was
the crazy fun house I'd always dreamt of
my friend Mike taught me to DJ and we
brought a loud sound system I also
ordered five thousand plastic bowls and
we made a ball pit in the living room
for my 21st birthday I brought a minibus
and drove around Europe with eight of my
good friends it was an amazing trip
which has led to many many exciting
adventures together all over the world
also this year I retired from my job at
Sky
although it was fun that I'd had enough
of an office job and realized time was
more valuable than money to me
I then had no money so ended up living
in my minibus nything a permanent job
meant I was free to travel more I went
to New Orleans in America for a month
and helped with the relief work and when
it was flooded I then came back and got
a job as a learning support since then
on my old school I got asked to leave I
think for teaching the kids how to
somersault in the playroom I then went
to New Zealand and Australia traveling I
chose to live homeless for three weeks
in Australia one night waking up with a
rat on my face I then came back and
worked for a charity in London we took
teenage gang members on trips out to
Africa to help orphans
my next big dream was to buy a
double-decker bus and have it as a kind
of mobile youth club I borrowed money
for my parents and bought one an eBay
but the engine blew up then two nice
people donated some money to help me buy
a new one which I named the boom bus I
moved into the bus and lived with two
teenage friends who'd been kicked out of
home Nathaniel and Allan at this stage I
was running projects on my bus I had a
mobile recording studio and I was
traveling around London supporting
charities to engage with local teen
to fund the bus projects I started
running bus parties every weekend and
then moved into a house in a rough
estate in London though drug deals on my
doorstep and I often got robbed we had
an incredibly creative household
we ran monthly music events in our
living room so I brought a good video
camera to film with this camera one
evening my friends Steve and Matt filmed
me eating some weird things which we
then uploaded to YouTube these silly
videos were about to massively impact my
future food for Louie was born later
that year some friends and I bought a
school bus on eBay and travelled 9,000
miles across the USA this was the
biggest adventure yet at the end of that
year my youtube channel had a sudden
explosion of popularity and a guy called
Sam pepper contacted me he introduced me
to other youtubers and I found that was
a whole community of people making a
variety of videos and never realized
this world existed around this time my
parents left their job to move to Brazil
with my little sister for a year I
joined them for three months and helped
with an education project at an
orphanage where they were volunteering
was now earning some money from making
YouTube videos
I got flown out to a u.s. YouTube
conference called VidCon where I met
even more awesome people this is where I
became great friends with Marcus Alfie
Jack and VIN I came back and had become
very close friends with Sam we decided
to live on my bus and tour the UK after
living on the bus of for months we
decided to venture forth and move to
Hollywood in LA we met a cool guy called
soya who invited us to come and live
with him we flew out with no plans just
dreams and ambition YouTube had become a
massive part of my life another it
started from silly eating stunts I was
excited to use the platform that this is
brought to have a positive effect on
people's lives
my future excites me
I hope you guys have been interested in
learning a bit about my life I'd love to
tag jack harries
and Mars to draw their lives I hope
you've enjoyed this video
