are you found in joining the class I'm
pretty sweet pretty powerful anything
you want
you
Ignatieff order
it's absolutely awesome hope you're
gonna fight in the West and we'll famous
round ladies out to be quite friendly
just got pulled over at the Niagara
border and see Niagara Falls over there
to go to America and Canada we're about
to find out whether we're legit or not
really
well we go
chillin in Toronto just popped up into
the Java house get a quick coffee and
 out before we're out on the road to
Detroit
these are aiming to get out the morning
pretty sweet it's not as cool
so we were in Toronto last night we left
the two in the morning and now we're
just about to drive into Detroit back to
the USA
and said customs congruent a little bit
sketchy but all right turns out none of
us have been arrested at all pretty
clean they're gonna roll on check out
this place check out the derelict
buildings on a fresh store by John some
stupid outfits okay so we're in Detroit
just looking around just driven down the
road out of town to go to a thrift store
pick up some blankets and spare stuff
and then you look across the road being
burned down
so lips alone
no Polly know it is a you know that may
they caught their fish no you go up and
down but you know work it's not what you
do is high up right you know when y'all
be safe for you thank you so much for
your song the boys are just bought a
sound system for the bus and you need to
go same birth in Detroit when an
abandoned building
I say Culebra just leave
clowns need the song raise his head for
me in one
Oh
wicked to look back at this video in
like 20 years when it's all been
redeveloped and we're like and it like
Emma to school news and petrol stations
and weird stuff like that it's just
madness
where do they work if you get to this
how do you find this person
see your hands me as you have Ponte G as
a piercing with the words I don't speak
with
they broken the bus
just run back like that to get it
