good morning guys it's a very exciting
day today I'm heading over to my double
decker bus to see the latest
transformations as a lot of you know
I've been converting this bus over the
last almost a year now on and off and
I've shown you the progress along the
way we put hot tub upstairs it's been
completely transformed completely
converted and Mike Moore my friend Mike
has been heading up that entire project
now recently for various reasons but my
friend Jim who's just recently been with
us in the US on our road trip he is oh
you know he's taken over the project he
has done some pretty dramatic changes
unfortunately we've had to switch the
hot tub out because there was problems
with the original one there's just been
ongoing problems but anyway we will see
today what he's been doing and I think
it's almost completed the other thing I
need to tell you is that I've had a
really strange week and after my mad
weekend at the stag foo or bachelor
party for the city watching from the
states and taking those jet surfboards
out I got really ill so I've been
wrestling up for a few days and I'm just
getting back into the swing a bit if you
didn't check out the bachelor party or
stag do vlog please check that out I'll
link it below it was a very very epic
day that today is also going to be epic
and we're gonna yeah you're gonna see
the bus let's go see the bus
so before we have a look around the
lived adventure bus we're having a
little look at the boom bus you guys
know about the boom bus this is now
living here at Jim's yard and he's
kindly got some people in to clean it
out for me I'm here with Laura and
Rachel as well yes bro oh it's smelling
a lot better no no there's probably a
bunch of stuff in here that I like
you've been looking for for years
yeah like tensely good stuff yeah okay
no this is it this is a meet a MIDI
saxophone things like yeah I was
actually looking for that yeah
I just love the sound system and this
box is stuff yeah check out my sound
system this is a this is a serious sound
system right here so as you can see Jim
has a lot of busses he's looking after
here this is his whole business if any
of you guys need a bus they will convert
it Jim Gillette right Jim take us around
the bus show us what you've been doing
it's been a while
you may notice guys that the all the
cladding is changed which something is
looking pretty cool obviously all the
original work surface than these units
are in design changes yeah all the way
over the ceiling as well I do like this
I was wondering whether this would feel
a little bit too much like we're in like
a like a ship like an old pirate ship
base but the up scene is kind of like it
maybe whitewash ceiling yeah I like it I
do like it these window frames as well
original shape to take an original bus
of weight
yeah a lot originally we had the the
lights in that were still kind of the
original like take it away
yeah yeah love it love it and I like
these new light fittings either cool
rustic I were jotting down a few ideas
for final changes down here I'm gonna
head upstairs now oh okay continuation
of all the cladding oh yeah nice yeah I
like that
less less flimsy the other one with a
bit flimsier we're getting over these
this whole section just to make it more
useful yeah the window outside yeah and
what we think that ceiling yeah all
right what we're thinking guys it's been
a futon here so this would be another
little potential bedroom area and maybe
also in a on a future day is taking
these panels outs that are removable
we've got a better Headroom inside
because it it's pretty small in it okay
let's check outside all right new hot
tub now it doesn't look quite as rustic
the aesthetic on the inside is not quite
as cool as the cylindrical tub but that
had a lot of issues was it like there it
wasn't built for moving around with it
always isn't good
isn't and in the bottom of the other the
other hot tub it was getting really
stagnant and nasty but the good thing is
with this is that we're gonna clap right
up to this lid okay so funny outside it
would look like a rustic tile
nice this is the framework the interior
is making a tree we can wash it clean it
you can sit empty yeah it's gonna be a
lot better for commercial use that we
like or when we're renting it out for
big events and stuff we can know that
its course home sounds this this you
know you yeah okay yeah and that's just
a permanent a lot of at least yeah yeah
why - yeah and then what we'll do
he's put some showerheads that come out
back I like that that'd be cool okay
guys last time I was here we just fitted
the the big generator was it a kilowatt
yeah well you're just gonna fire it up
Jim's gonna show me how loud it is for
the parent it's a pretty pretty quiet
one
and imagine this is actually going to be
an in-state yeah are the only boys yeah
that's pretty good
but when that solid wall is no egg not
that vibrations generator and that's a
lot of power that will heat the table I
mean the wall 3 kV a yeah so that
running at max would be about seven even
though you and we could run a big sound
system or film masses maybe boil a
kettle for property yeah it's really
quite out so I like way quieter than a
car engine running nice time to head off
we've just had a kind of idea done over
is we're gonna pull it off or not but
we're thinking although we've originally
gone with this matte black color and
we've got the vinyl to do it would it be
better to go with the kind of LT a blue
that's on our website and thought the
logo would be cooler as a big blue bus
we're thinking yeah we're thinking it
would be cooler so Jim's gonna do some
research see we can get it done in time
for a festival that we're taking the bus
to in a few weeks the secret garden
party that never any of you guys are
gonna be heading over there but we're
gonna take the bus and yeah hopefully it
all goes to plan if we can get a guy to
wrap it in time we're gonna completely
transform the outside and then we're
gonna go have some vinyl lettering for
the live adventure logo and the the
aeroplane and stuff rather than the
spray paint that we had on it before
which you look a bit more prey it's
gonna be good
really good see later Jim thanks for the
work see let it go
right Scott was pumped again for the bus
I think because it's taken so long over
the last year like I said I kind of lost
enthusiasm and ongoing enthusiasm I've
just thought you know I'll wait until
it's really up and running obviously
we've used it for a few events we have
the LTA summit we had our little movie
night over Christmas and there's been a
few things but I'm glad but over the
summer we're gonna be able to use it at
least the one festival which was the
original plan we've learned a lot honest
in this process
in hindsight there's a lot of things
that are trickier than you would have
imagined trying to a hot tub on a bus I
mean you would imagine it's tricky
it's but it's yeah it's almost there we
are almost where the finish line is in
sight
get ready and then hopefully once it's
all launched I can yeah it can be
available for you guys to rent out or
any companies people watching that want
to use it for events and that is the
plan that we want to have it all across
the country doing really cool things
with it as well as some pretty epic road
trips and events with the LTA
crew and the me and Jim was saying
potentially to one day maybe we could
ship over to America to do a little tour
on there but we'll see maybe that's like
next year right I'm heading off now I
need to go and sort out a few things see
some friends and yeah it's my friend's
birthday tonight so I'm gonna be busy I
will catch you guys tomorrow
is that out enjoy life and live the
adventure hey
