what's up guys I'm Raleigh and you're
watching from Berlin I'm on my way to
see my friend Emma but i'm stuck in
horrible traffic very long traffic
cameras know some time with my friend
Emma huh now driving to pick up darting
school I can pick her up what the thing
he might try to film some videos
together and then we're going up to
London to take a partner coming
they're filming at the YouTube creative
space
it turns out on early to pick up the
school this is a bit unlike me i'm
usually late for everything I've been
getting better I've been getting that
hello how is your dad schooled OC do all
right
Oh
me and honestly just about fit of the
London bullies trying to figure out
quickest way up because this traffic is
like stuff it'll be so light
we are running so late we're already
half an hour late we're going to do 45
minutes late
we've arrived at what the pot roast in
now let's go and talk over to the google
youtube headquarters
Oh over here now I just need to check
about 90 drummer we are here there's
some people hey Gary hello Joe but what
the so guys this becoming YouTube
filming session is a secret so don't
tell anyone okay don't go see how many
youtubers in the spot could y'all stand
up
very quickly nice thing about Google
recover and free to how cool is this
YouTube space so that I'll show you guys
is based on Bobby but it's pretty
awesome
Oh
we are finished filming and we're going
to go for a light refreshment
Oh
amazing news guys is curry club I'm
gonna get curry
oh yeah just spilling drinks all over
Darcy's justy heaven what did you do man
it was ok for the Hawaiian last night
guys
rugby and I'll be heading home silly
everyone
thanks for everything so other than
getting a drink spill and you did you
have a fun night out there
Oh
so stupidly I left my car in London and
the cup so catch a train back into
London now and get that and my dad's
gonna pick up dance and so she's not too
tired to school but I'm feel completely
stupid
Ben just of went out of his way got the
train all the way down to Clapham
Junction and gave me the greenback
written somewhere then I'll lose again
is it here so drop this feedback and
he's a complete legends everyone go and
tweet you say thank you well that took
me about our hot water don't get my two
so no way
i'm now heading over to Steve knows one
in the morning he said he's been kind of
lonely today seeing a home so thought
I'd go over and stay the night at least
we can have a fun sleepover
some buckets thieves have a feeling
month you've been alone all day I'm
feeling good yeah I'm happy to have some
company and also what you worked on
there I've got my second video finished
going up tomorrow which will be madam
now go check that out we go now check it
out yeah it's dark oak break time she
has me she was dying though yeah it was
a bit of a shame but your night so
before i head to bed i'm going to ask
something of you guys you all know josh
Josh Rachel's been on tour with them
great friend of mine he's been nominated
for this rebel playlist thing and it'd
be awesome if you guys could all go vote
for him this is the rebel create
playlists thing here and he's his war
track is there I think you literally
have to go you click vote for Josh
record and top line in the description
be so cool if you guys could go and do
that show them some love and I'll catch
you guys to my peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
