I'm Alex i'm quite new I'm Helen I'm
Kelly where you go live it and while
it's being a smart a legally I've always
said it's all about two handles with
your mug of coffee fight Nix off ah take
Kelly ya see ya see round as nice
hanging out on bitch I like Nick good
guy so you know this secret project
means diva working on there's another
member to our team your name's Jake as I
don't you guys met before yes he's
working on some fabric designer some of
the designs hey it's time for a late
lunch I'm just putting together a little
sandwich if I am buzzing from that
computer has a NIC like literally like
I'm my top shaking cutting is great but
also bad i don't know if it's not going
together see if you got any sauce it's a
very exciting day today is the day that
Steve's going to hit 10,000 subscribers
on youtube we just sitting here watching
his numbers go up we refresh and then
progressive Steve's here refresh
subscribe with 10,000 subscribers yes
bro are you happy thank you
I believe that matter there see you
later Steve see is going to chill here
tonight spend some time of Lexi I'm
heading up to London to CP furious p see
some of you guys may night turns out
they're resurfacing Steve's road I'm
gonna be slopped tips a minute wait
seconds until I can squeeze bottle visa
okay I've heard peace in London I've
arrived I just need to find enough I'm
air goes for an old skate money
well no luck yet haven't been able to
get hold of P I know it's around
Waterloo but that's pretty much all i
know so i'm still now have to hold tight
see the text in advance for facebook
back enjoy London finally found Pete in
a park near water so I'm happy and it
come up to London for no reason areas
hey how's your day be man have London
been in general tastic i missed you yeah
well I'm here now I'm here now at the
end of my trip so at least I got nice
finale I'm just really happy but I'm
just really happy to see you it's time
for drunken arm wrestle
I mess it
Wow
the
where do I just got kicked out I think
it's very sad why does that make a
London boys a show so early because it's
11 2011 bedtime bedtime your bets on
days apparently pjs an old man is gonna
take me to my hotel and see me some
lalabas not gonna be a fantastic evening
fantastic end to the evening the
faintest finishing is me up and we're
going to scroll back his hotel we are
hey peter nolan all chickens your
average over a whole chicken hi yeah
yeah we can do we have fan stop the
spiritual we get loads of free he's
going to bed I'm heading back Wilson CMS
just got back at the car and head back
to cover i'm going to say goodbye two
guys out here because i woke my mum up
the other night logging in the bathroom
so i'm going to see you guys tomorrow
probably gonna be hanging out of steve
i'm heading in i'm hanging at Darcy
heading into London in the evening for
maybe for some becoming YouTube thing oh
yeah I'll see then peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure boom
