hi
I'm from Holland and you're watching
fancily
good morning um at Steve's house and
he's just going through some old clothes
that he's gonna give me because he's got
lots of clothes and he's gonna restore
me a lot of you've been saying you
should get Steve to restore you and get
your clothes and stuff so that's what
we're doing right now okay let's see
your clothes man what do you guys think
I feel a little bit like Dennis four
minutes stripy again gray and black
shirt i striped it again all right
another shirt yep blue and we got these
jeans yeah just a particular t-shirt to
finish off Sears upload is and the
awesome video guys he's got to go and
watch this towards my video now I'm
going watch this one is channel I'm
gonna link in the description top line
or my I have no real friends good
morning babe means thieves are popping
out for some lunch with Lexi how you
feelin this mornin stage
yeah good another glorious day which is
awesome
making points against some lunch sir
yeah I love that yellow guy in the sky I
don't see him most the year such a good
guy that me oh yeah yeah yeah
since Lee Min Steve are continuing
through the afternoon working on some
bits and bobs which we're gonna reveal
to you guys soon so there's something
coming there's something big that's
coming to get ready I am popping back to
my parents house to pick up Darcy and
then me Steve and Darcy are gonna go on
a little adventure to find some hidden
treasure me coming back to get Darcy's
coincided with in a time which is
convenient what you could connect up I'm
cookie these are stuffed peppers with
rice and herbs real burgers garlic bread
one of my white shirt not a good idea
but it is the weather for barbecues so
you got make the most of you what are
you doing there for dessert Darcy so we
put in this chocolate in the banana is
wrapping in tin foil and baking the
bananas
Dulcy what was the best thing about your
day today cinnamon roll
we are going on some kind of treasure
hunt thing there's this app called
geocache and you basically search for
hidden kind of treasures a new log or we
need a pen we need to lock down that we
have found the thing and there's like
clues and this app and stuff so people
have like hidden stuff all around the
world so we're gonna go and track down
this hidden treasure we want some random
farm me and Steve are thinking we might
make a little den and sleep in and taste
that tonight we do it we found the
tractor I'm getting in that tractor
where you guys did
some guy on a quad bike has told herself
for being it I think we we kind of
somehow strolled onto private property
but you know I got I got done with
singing out on my legs
oh really shorts are not the right
oh all stinging elves this is like a
secret little passageway into the woods
this is cool how cool is this
we might be trapped in this road
are they furs are they for real yeah we
can't get in or out
oh my gosh we didn't find that little
geocache treasure hunting because we
ended up the wrong side of the river me
a lot getting told off the being in a
farm or something so we're driving to
the right side of the river finding it
we found the treasure our official
geocache please do not disturb yes you
see what's in it yeah let's look inside
this is real-life treasure all around
the world guys what's this no go float
duck bubbles
magic bubbles dose is just writing our
name down and the date we found it
that was really fun I like soda humming
we are now off to get some refreshments
do you enjoy that nothing yeah look at
this lasse is floating that is floating
vanilla oh yes hello cheesecake so we're
dropping Darcy off and heading back to
Steve's fellated our thing
see it's fun hanging out I just spent
the last couple of hours working on a
new intro animation for Steve's YouTube
videos say this now let's go a little
sure got a cup of coffee
no boys good thing no people happy Steve
Booker what you said about my stage I
like that man they sleep in and she's
cold so we wrapped up my Chum pot going
over spider but you're going to my
sleeve we can't be done here me like
stage
and I'd lie to you guys to peace out
into a life and live the event
