right a in the morning I'm up I've had a
Red Bull already we're gonna go to San
Diego
this is a ridiculous book good three
hours sleep
how many else leaves do you get you get
three hour sleep three hours sleep rehab
sleep sound probably less hour is a
sleep ray to shoot a video wow I've got
a scooter out again it is a wonderfully
beautiful day and it's so early in the
morning
Yogi's arrived so little Sam's arise
samples rough and we are heading to San
Diego for a fantastic day guys I'm going
to show you the Sam pepper hair styling
technique
so just two rides in San Diego we're
gonna go and get some breakfast
these pieces are tiny by got quite a big
burger it's not happy with or you're
less sensitive up so just had lunch now
we're taking a little cruise around San
Diego to find some cool sights everyone
slow is shooting a video walk no wait we
got a four way video going on so this
whole day today
Sawyer's shooting this kind of really
artistic beautiful short film for
YouTube channel
so we've just stumbled upon a tropical
paradise on the Google I switch Robinson
family swish swish what's it called -
spoke with some relievers Dylan yeah
that's I feel like that yeah yeah so
turns out this it's like some
helicopters in San Diego so we're going
on an adventure
we're getting into a boat
it might end up leaving we might end up
in like Colombia or Cuba or something
just fell over the dangers of blogging
and not looking where you're going
so we've we've just arrived at this
massive aircraft carrier feel a bit bad
on the guys because me and Sam have got
wheels and they only got feet right you
see this pirate ship yeah you're not
gonna believe this this boat just read
this Black has sailed around the world
21 times
so the Sun setting so the sun's just set
it's absolutely freezing now we're now
gonna go find some food so we just had
an awesome meal Chili's and now I'm
gonna jump in Sears car all right we
just got back to sois and we're all best
and fitori that so at the end of the
night we had a pretty fun day today and
Sears getting all emotional with his
guitar and Sawyer's editing some
incredible footage of today which you
gonna go to his channel now linked in
the description his main channel go and
check out his through my eyes of today
it's gonna be incredible so I think
that's coming was it Oh coming Saturday
peace out guys I see in two days
