hi everyone this is for the Philippines
and you are watching fun family I'm
gonna attempt to put down as 10 as
quickly as possible sweet fairly that is
two minutes flat it's the last morning
of the festival I step by well last
night and now I'm having an apricot
sandwich to wake up to for breakfast
and how you feeling this morning Dave
being pretty good feeling pretty good
ready for the drive home yeah pretty hot
though I was like sweating like a beast
in the morning this is our friend PJ
NC
seriously what time
since I
you
to go
consumption
anyway
fake yourself
did you enjoy your performance PJ yeah
right first time i played morning so I
bit groggy yeah first and a good man go
check them out people go check them out
they've what you doing mate I'm fine my
shoelace day you just tie your shoelace
yeah you're not peeing well we are off
we're back sorry an awesome festival
that wasn't balls so guys I'm just going
to have the one cup of coffee today yes
Dave it's almost as big as your head
it's not as goofy though so Perry this
is like a momentous occasion in the
sporting world I'm not to get up about
it but tennis and stuff you know phase
really excited it's important trust me
Alan what does happen anywhere just when
we were getting straight breaking set
he's just done it
ah yes so he just booked into our
friends house to watch the end of the
wimbledon game which is quite exciting
and now I've come back my parents and
we're just relaxing in the warm evening
weather you know the onesie competition
we did the other day well there's
actually a winner now and there's been
about hundred people that entered we
raised almost 300 pounds for this
orphanage in Thailand and over today for
the to announce the winner yeah thanks
me ah so the winner is there are Peter
Simpson and we will be in contact this
week and make sure that you get your
awesome onesie so thanks so much that
everybody who entered and well done to
you mate well done mate if we can yeah
yes the boys are off yeah it's nice
hanging out see there Adam see you later
okay people so Alan was killed Adam in
the comments so that's funny
what's for dinner mom being high school
board me home cooked meal a very rare
very rare treat me hi I'm with Stevie
boy we're going to have a little coffee
and plans and stuff for this week is
exciting it's a hot day today so i'll go
up some old mango juice we sent Steve
Steve tire they've got little flat light
went MIA you guys have asked a few times
what we're doing when we come to
starbucks late night what what are we
planning what we's blotting we're going
to let you guess see we can guess look
back over some of the times of being
together see this inclusive 22 three in
the morning perfect time for a little
did you bring your honey board statement
yeah
orissa dribble a little state ready I
think it's probably time to head home
now hey how you feeling Steve oh yeah
have you been the last couple of days
man yeah good I'm enjoying the lovely
word that we've been having he had a
good birthday which was sweet oh yeah it
was steve's birthday guys I was a
wagering steve's birthday I know sorry
man as you see you man see you tomorrow
yeah sorry about sissy into the noise
it's been a great weekend I'm so glad I
went to the festival it's been awesome
hanging our people and tomorrow gonna be
hanging out Steve getting up to mischief
i'm off to bed now peace out into a life
nithya venture boom
