hello and welcome to hunt ability now
make sure you watch all the videos in
this channel and subscribe to it my name
is Cameron and I hope you enjoyed this
video it's a great day today I am
relaxing to the max and I've just been
doing some work on my laptop in our mum
and that are we going to cruise over and
hang out with Alan just like to leave
Darcy's pointed out that my shorts are
got a massive ripping up yeah look at
these reps you can just see his
underwear whoa how did you not notice
new there's a little too is that bad
it's it's really bad no not wear these
no you can't oh and those this is these
shorts are unsuitable to where I like
these shorts are so common I call me
boss exchange of shorts I'm just going
to try to buy some someone point so I
got Orange
I've got this big bag to go away for the
weekend but I don't really need it it's
just it's cool my clothes in and some of
the dirtiest us i'm going to try and
wash some of dave's house thanks for the
lift mum I've seen a few days but I've
arrived Dave go for a jog of Emily no
tennis tennis brother quit hogging okay
tennis Dave's going for tennis tennis
playing with emily alyn what we doing
bro can we buy me some shorts where
though ah oh my food you eat no eat oh
maybe other night let's go Ian Allen are
gonna go for a stroll I'm not sure what
we're gonna do yet because i don't think
i'm going to go to get shorts this time
of day between a few places and the same
space now might be an option but we're
not entirely sure because it's not a big
one oh I can see I can see pajamas if
the address I can make some shorts out
of a dress or womenswear turns out they
only have women's clothes secured in
favor well and children's clothes I'm
neither a woman or a child
regardless of my behaviour we've given
up so just going to get Custer instant
fruit cooler guys is far too hot for
coffee right now and I just had to at
home what's that it's a teacake don't
really know what's going on oh yes okay
so Allen's cake is made of marshmallow
nano and he's saying it's not pronounced
marshmallow its financial pronounced
marshmallow say it marshmallow
marshmallow my fellow guys is it
marshmallow marshmallow in my friend
Matt going out to dinner and I still on
the hunt distant shores so many shorts
I've traced in some shorts they're
particularly short shorts road you know
I just need some shorts that matters
laughs hear me
just throw these shorter time for
another wagon bummers oh yes katsu curry
what you got there man lovely noodles so
me and Matt found an abandoned building
which we're going to sneak into
we're just trying to be covert this one
we win I love the joy yeah this is where
this way we're having issues scaling
this building you can do it back
unfortunately there's no success today
Lee the windows were boarded up but
maybe we'll come back and hope we can
get it next time so I'm back at Matt's
house which also happens to be Dave's
house and Alan's house they all live
together tomorrow I'm heading off early
with Dave we I'm going to go hang out
with Jack for a little bit and maybe
have a coffee with Dave then we're off
to you why yours in the afternoon it's
gonna be fun but it's been really
chilled today it's been nice to finally
have some time to chill and again just a
nice time with friends so I'm going to
see you guys tomorrow and you're going
to peace out until we like live the
adventure boom
