good morning guys we are in LA we
arrived late last night
and today I'm partnering with Ubisoft
who invited me to the e3 gaming
convention for the launch of Assassin's
Creed origins and a pretty excited
because I don't play a lot of few games
so this is going to be like a
fascinating enlightening day for me I've
been able to get to see how far the
technology comes see how immersive and
realistic these games are and yet I feel
kind of a little bit out my depth and
this is also new to me so JP's with me
new excited it's like a serious game
Yeah right we're going to go and meet
the team that made it such as crews the
developers and learn a bit about erring
actually gets played games as well I've
been making the game I think that's
there
my big toe set two big toes I'm like
weirdly excited I think I didn't know
how Italy gave me I could stay by that
myself
okay I did before Saturday the vision
results like and pigment where we might
get to have a little chat we shall have
business development we going to see you
now Krista's Lea Tates Creek Erica
we just barrel that he was like the
producer of the Far Cry game four by
five and we hopefully about to have a
play of the demo recovery I don't want
to go supervisor going like a father
okay
we're going to go and check out the
booth where people are playing the
Assassin's Creed games that the T will
be the big event
there we go like legal illness I'm going
to get to play and they are off okay so
we've got outside of the Convention
Center because it's super loud in there
but I've just met Ashe here's the game
director on Assassin's Creed origin yeah
I'd love to hear a little bit about how
you kind of started creating the game in
the background infuriating and stuff
like that yeah sure so it's always been
a dream for us to do the land of ancient
Egypt than to do it justice not just the
physical space but the culture the
beliefs the the rituals of the time
period and so we brought on historians
Egyptologists we embedded them in the
team you know we we have a phenomenal
art team who who really started studying
this time period this land we wanted to
immerse our players in this world have
them you know be in awe of the grandeur
of ancient Egypt so for the last almost
four years three and a half years we've
been bringing this world to life and so
we're telling the origin story of the
Brotherhood okay so this characters
personal journey leads to the foundation
of the brothers so it's a perfect
jumping on point for people who don't
know the series if they're interested in
ancient Egypt or traveling to this time
period it's cool because I think with my
what I try to do with my content is help
people feel like they're actually
they're traveling with me to different
locations but with this it's kind of
going back in time as well and going to
a different location I cannot wait to
try out later on but thank you thank you
for your time and guys we are going to
have some fun this afternoon playing the
game or
well thanks man thanks for that one
thank you we've just arrived at like the
Ubisoft lounge
this is like the VIP lounge and this is
crazy look this is other people in the
accessory room here play these like
serious games I'm just going to pretend
I know what I'm doing everyone's going
to be looking at me like what are you
doing and we're like I'm a gamer this is
Mario and the rabid Kingdom battle
because the new game that Ubisoft have
brought out and then pendo some kind of
twerking battle going on over here
and oh oh oh okay it's going to be my
book without a date guys that we are
leaving the use of lounge that was the
most incredible computer game I've ever
played
okay going something very exciting has
happened and the rest of the day is
going to be super crazy rushed basically
we've just booked flights to Dallas in
Texas with a plan to drive into Oklahoma
to view a plane that we may be
purchasing to fly around the world it's
been a really tricky few months trying
to get hold of a plane we haven't been
sure whether there's like you know a
manufacturer that's going to support the
trip will loan us a plane anyway we
finally have to bite the bullet and
we're going to have to purchase one
which hopefully it will just be you know
for the few months and then I'll be able
to get some money back Ben you're at JP
found a cool one in Oklahoma because of
our time frames in the fact that you
need to get back to Toronto tomorrow
really the only viable day for us to go
and check out and take you for a flight
so anyway if we need to quickly pack our
stuff jump in the bus drive to Venice
drop the bus there and then jump on a
flight from LAX which is leaving in two
hours so we're cutting it super fine
last night I parked the bus in its
little welcome well slice across five
car spots but I paid for five tickets I
think I got away with there we just have
to run from the hotel gridlock traffic
JP was going to wave my bag but I
couldn't get back there in time we ended
up running half the way with like four
heavy bags at Paramount okay okay and
now we're like if we can park the bus at
LAX which we know a short-ass we will
only just make up like there we are like
background sonic likewise Park
oh very touch-and-go right now go stand
somewhere put the bus I can't believe it
probably most of us
right by our terminal as well it's done
believable I don't know whether I'm
going to pull this off but let's see I
am no idea but the zoo reaction hate it
I just ran through
- a the case
without a doubt too much I don't know
how I've made it the lady lady sold me a
ticket me and JP both bought tickets the
mine didn't go through the payment in go
through so I technically technically
didn't have it no need to here as the
flights boarding managed to push in
front of everyone oh my gosh thanks
Thank You T literally pulling up pulling
up to the terminal and the same boarding
a managed apart apart and go in and buy
a ticket which has been the most rushed
so I experienced my life and I'm saying
I've done a lot right right how did I do
that I literally have no idea that was
America thank you right right it was
remembered in Dallas Texas it's like
half 12:00 at night now we've got a few
hours ahead plan is we need to
find a rental car and head to Wallops
hold on in Oklahoma so think about four
and a half hours away so we're going to
probably do a couple of out tonight find
a motel crash and it's get some editing
done and then carry on in the morning I
cannot believe we made it
daddy okay we have the keys we met some
cool guys with a car rental place and we
were just told that our vehicle only has
three miles on it brand-new all right
well it's about 3:00 in the morning
we're somewhere in Texas heading to
Oklahoma it's been absolutely crazy day
I can't believe I'm here now having
spent the first half of the day in LA at
e3 I just want to thank you be soft
again for inviting me to e3 today to
check out the new Assassin's Creed
origins game I have linked the trailer
of the game in the description for you
guys to check out it's so epic I'm going
to head in and get some sleep now
tomorrow
you cannot miss out we are going to be
seeing the plane that we have
potentially flying around the world
I am super pumped but we still have a
bit of a drive to get there peace out
enjoy life little adventure the
