so we parked up on some random
Industrial Estate in Milton Keynes last
night and now we're going to head to
Cambridge and have some fun and these
buy new cokes I've ruined mine under the
bus the other day
during the hairdryer trick again
and there are so many bicycles in
Cambridge we're now heading to find Nick
hope hold so I got a new trail I can be
warm again and now we're going to Apple
just a bit we are we got kicked out the
Apple Store because they were closing
but the guys said and we could sit
upstairs and we can still get the Wi-Fi
from up here so this is why that's when
your high places over the bus shopping
centers sorry about that
got it work today
escalator sliding that's the way to get
around it's dinner time today I want to
let you in on this amazing secret that
last a Cambridge quick you're right
they were insane Springs and in the
centuries in Cambridge we're never seen
before
you can design and cook your own pizza
in the supermarket and it's very cheap
right back at the buffs and I've already
tucked into a bit my pitch from the walk
back but it's gonna be a gift snuggly
warm tasty night so Sam put his
cheesecake down and there's diesel but
spill on it but it mainly taste the
Cheesecake just a little bit easily I
still think it's quite a nice taste of
diesel it had the most relaxed evening
ever
I think where all of us are kind of
really worn out from the trip and it's
starting to wind down the next few days
so so yeah it's been a chilled one today
but we're having a lot of fun and we're
looking forward to the meet up with it
tomorrow
that guy just rode past me on an awesome
bike
