so just left the bus gonna go in find
some breakfast Liam's with us we're
gonna film burn another video today this
one should be pretty bad
I'm back just setting up for a video I'm
filming a pretty nasty so this is a pot
of leeches and me and Liam are gonna put
two on our arms each and let them suck
our blood and then we're gonna eat them
so I spent mostly off the food during
this video which I'm going to show you
sneak preview off now as you can see
very very dark and disturbing it won't
stop bleeding
yeah actually won't stop bleeding it's
leeches injects like an atom
anticoagulant into the bloodstream stops
it healing how's your so we'd be chillin
in the bus and we're just about to drive
down to the park where we're gonna meet
everyone
look at this amazing kitchen someone
terrific
how cool is that
it's literally the coldest night yeah
it's like minus 1 I'm warming my feet on
the here as they are very cold so right
before we do a little party I'm gonna go
get a coffee to warm me up
we just horridly boat upon this woman's
foyer of the cathedral the ended up
being a big favor
so after a good pie we're now heading to
TJ's ally justice now I'm going with
pasta today
Thank You c'n bath stomach Rumble waffle
ice cream glory so just a lovely TTI's
now we're heading to hang out fill in
this email
where we go so we're hitting a club now
alkyl bed and we literally just
nice headed back to the bus now had an
awesome night now we still got like two
more days and leads to have fun
milkshake milkshake madness that's not
the club that's all crazy is
