hi I'm Eric and you just opened up a can
of fun for Louis today we are off to
race track this is going his fist up and
we're going to be embracing it am I
going to get to drive set up like a
hopefully I'll get to drive yeah and
we're going to drive really fast it's
breakfast time
guys this is something I don't
understand why we don't have it in
England is the locking petrol pumps why
don't we look the Petrobras so much
easier it is super warm we're here in
the middle of the desert we're about to
go racing it turns out I'm not gonna be
able to drive the car because I can't
fit a crush on there on my head and it's
compulsory because I've got such a big
head so it's kind of upsetting but we're
gonna we're gonna have see is going to
have some fun I'm self a live preview of
the goat analysis part so we can watch
him as it's going around the track
biggest hug for drink
how did you find your droids they're
just go there's a good drive good job
man good job so I'm going to drive back
get the boys my skit from the bachelor
party down the road what do you say I
think we've got a good GoPro footage
we've recorded some GoPro footage I just
need to collect the GoPro now without
losing it so another thing I'm boy I
think I'll Jam your window
haha
what you got it oh my god he wants to he
wants to race super hot we wanted he
doesn't have what it takes you know what
how weak is your blue card Smurfs are
blue they backed out real quick because
white hey no Louise behind the wheel
that was a fun toy I was a fun drive oh
yeah do you know that feeling when you
stretch oh nothing talk about might go
it low let me love it oh I flex in time
um you've got such a strong you guys
know what time it is
it's hot tub time I feel incredibly
relaxed its nose that was like we did
like two hours you're too long though
yeah wait maybe two hours in the lab we
now just get something to eat and watch
a movie perfect evening right I've got
very big meal this is massive No thank
you thank you red leather jacket Oh sexy
model hello you can try to be me but
you'll know me try to be ca by the way
guys I forgot to introduce you earlier
this is edwin hey what's up i'm sexy
everyone subsection tacos hey
basically series going to Las Vegas
tomorrow and I can't join them because
I've got things that I need to do so i'm
going to be going to San Diego with
Sawyer and Marcus and tonight I'm going
to go and stay with Alexa because she's
nearby and it's easier to get picked up
from there so that's where I'm heading
now Lily but I know I kilo out of this
what's going on at work oh boy yeah no
hands so now in the car with Edwin he's
kindly give me left so lets us right
it's the end of the day I'm at alexa's
but it's very late she's gone to bed and
I'm up super early say I'm gonna see you
guys tomorrow for a fun day at the zoo
with Sawyer Marcus okay peace out enjoy
life lift it meant up boom
