I'm tessia and I'm sky and you're
watching fun for Louie no we're just
gonna throw that we going for lunch late
lunch today we're going to some
vietmanese where you should be able
easier vietnamese
a Dorian's joined us for lunch we found
the fiber to place your bike yes I am
feeling super chilled today like really
really chill where we're going we're
going to go get some coffee Louie is
what we're going to do I run a retail
company guys I had so much caffeine
yesterday just to stay awake all day
helping Marcus and stuff getting up
early I'm actually getting caffeine
withdrawals today and I've been doing
pretty good like on the limit to one
coffee a day so I'm giving myself
rewarding myself with that one perfect
Jana coffee and watching oh yeah put a
little skate park ok we're back and we
are in the underground car park again
filming some more shots for Stefan's
video that was acting in the other day
to remember when I said drop your wallet
we're shooting some behind-the-scenes
mr. boo she's next video
we have finished filming we are now
heading to a party Mike Deaver tonight I
guys know him I'll try and introduce
Mike everyone check our sick makeup
show
that was a really fun party is good fun
it was like a Hawaiian monster see ya
which I week we didn't know it's like a
voodoo the thing is yeah it's kind of
crazy but it's good night can I have a
common number 11 place zip up too far
away to collect our drive-through
therefore isn't it's no longer a drive
it's a step out of your car and get your
food wait I need to give you money man
serious so kind he's buying my jacking
votes meow nice is that thanks man so he
stopped off for some food some
late-night food really good news I
managed to get my penny ball back yay
penny boards back I'm back on the couch
I'm ready to sleep it's been a pretty
chill day I felt rather than lethargic
today I think it's probably due to the
fact that yesterday was so full on and
I'd only got a tiny bit of sleep the
night before tomorrow we are heading to
a racetrack in sears new car and we're
going to be filming some videos on a
racetrack and hopefully I'm going to get
to do some racing so I'm going to get
some sleep and I'm looking forward to
tomorrow peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
