my name is Sophie from Australia and
you're watching fun fillory hey guys
it's me seer so Louie not gonna go for a
quick drive gonna go down the mac store
Zynga's mac replaced we're going to take
a drive in my ford fiesta would you be
really cool I really like really sure
there's no listen to mm-hmm what let's
go this is nico so I'll lilia was like I
want to explain to people how you got
the store so what I did is I I just met
video saying like I want to drive that
next year's model Ford Fiesta so we're
driving a 2014 st model de fiesta which
hasn't been released yet so yeah we're
driving it now they gave me the car / 8
months and they have me do monthly
missions like go to a racetrack and do
this go do this line it up so so we're
doing we're just going to cruise and
have a lot of fun in the car we've
talked in to a shopping center to try
and get my Mac look that there's some
dead pixels on my screen I need to get
my screen replace that they don't have
the part in store so we have to drive
now to another apple store and get and
get it stored there we're going to stop
for a little food and the coffee assange
fair
navigation climate before us be asking
what can I say will always bring up a
list of active command for sync support
navigating from never perfect i love you
navigate navigation say a command
navigate p oh I to get started say
destination street address resonation
intersection or destination just a few
line destination p oh I how would you
like to search by name or by category
name
sorry how would you like to search by
name or by category to search somewhere
else say change state or problems name
right now we are searching for points of
interest in California that's how you
want to search by name by the category
that can also change state or province
by name and where would you like to
search here we go I or in the city in a
city mm-hmm almond in ALA fornia say the
city named sherman oaks
sorry say just the city named sherman
oaks
say the name of the pli I'm sorry yeah
say a line number
by number one line number one so I've
handed my uterine for the screen to be
replaced now I well I've got a backup
laptop which I'm going to be using for
editing so we're all good world it
whilst waiting for traffic to die down
with coming for a little romantic stroll
in a park what is this boxer I I don't
know parties or next year shamrock heart
well I know oh I've got a dilemma I want
to post one of these new videos and
Instagram but I'm stressing out I don't
know what to post on Instagram like I
just want to place an image on Instagram
I don't really want to post the video
clip but now there's all this pressure
like I have to place the video clip so
I've done this just like extended shot
of the sunset with people walking past
is that interesting enough I feel like a
picture of the Sun sets more interesting
and then if I posted to Facebook people
are gonna have to click click play and
be like why did he post this this is
just a video of some people walking into
ground cracks on the lost my video I've
no idea where sure lost it
maybe I'm just not meant to post videos
on Instagram right now we've got a fun
evening planned but before we start it
its food time it's dinner time at dennys
the me and sear were just chatting about
some plans for a video we're making and
the guy that serving us at dennys was
just like what's that and we're like oh
we're just almost talking about like a
trailer we work out yeah dudes eyeball
the car and then he's like I'll sounds
good um I'm around for like two days a
week our last like two days a week if
that maybe I and who's like invited
himself this is the manager of dennys I
was like oh you stop me is like I can't
wait we're going to target to get some
props for lawns film is filming tonight
yes gonna help them new YouTube video oh
yes I got to get my fresh pet select
sausages oh yeah gourmet okay I'm gonna
be playing a hungry playing a thug in
Stefan's new video and these are my
lines I'm like oh yeah like your jacket
drop your wallet hurry up and the jacket
please get is this good after
disconnecting I will stab you slug
give me your wallet that was actually
really fun I haven't haven't really done
any acting before but not for learning I
think they'd be quite cool to learn to
act that's the end of the night tomorrow
we getting up super early we're helping
Marcus film his million subscriber video
which i think still top secret and yeah
I have to get like eight in the morning
of something crazy so I'm gonna go to
bed but I catch you guys tomorrow peace
out enjoy life live the adventure
burning
