we're negin Carly from Tirana and you're
watching fun for Lily we are hitting up
chipotle
it's our daily starbucks visit this is
open now we just we just walked into the
property is this trespassing this isn't
trespassing we didn't break down
whatsoever or the Holies this should be
on your house I where are we el matador
I didn't bring a hoodie guys and it's
kind of getting chilly but it's
beautiful view which makes up
tours and rota got to come down the
beach during the day and do some surfing
or swimming I think that's the way to do
this
just made it through there I only got a
little bit wet
we are at the grove we're going to meet
up with soya and Marcus and everyone and
we're going to have my food together
yeah everyone everyone oh the grout is
the ground you want liquor is guys guys
reunited how sweet how's your well yeah
some of you might not even know story at
any new subscribers you guys need to
junk the hand this is the man jump back
three months and see what life is about
Marcus is heading off know me we're
gonna head back to Sawyer's house I'm
going to see hitch I'm going to get some
stuff I left their ages ago reunited at
last 30
this goes so strange guys you don't
understand hey do you remember me hitch
delicious ah look look what it is it's
the massage chair and Ernst upon but
more more importantly the moustache
bitch Matt massage side sears been
showing us some videos he hasn't put
public yet but he needs to finish one of
them they're incredible you guys are in
info in forest or infra still install
for a trade wait I don't know is they
anyway so so is offered to help him film
the ending of one of these videos and
it's we're gonna do it now just
spontaneously this is gonna be awesome
yeah that's the hand hug first we have
about 2 a.m. people where we're off
we're going hey we're leavin relieved we
filmed filming was success you ready
sylhet hitch
I don't know if you remember that when I
was getting caught to the airport when
Marcus and Tyler we couldn't go and pick
up some stuff from Sawyer's house
because I planned everything really
badly and I was going to miss the plane
so that's why I left low stuffers for
this see what's going on man training
session sears going to train me to be a
machine at my physical peak
sears been teaching me techniques and
boxing we've been down there like an
hour now and it's actually so late that
people are coming down to the gym before
they get to work and remix bed yesterday
we're going to head up to bed and
they'll catch you guys tomorrow we're
doing a party tomorrow we're going to
the fullscreen party there's gonna be
the loads of people there so i'll see
tomorrow peace out enjoy life a little
adventure boot
