well it's quite late in the day I've had
a very long lion
I needed some to catch up with some
sleeps and we're in Wolverhampton
mozzies hometown I've been out for like
one hour and it's already going char I
can't believe it's like four o'clock and
it's going dark and even you fell dog is
we're going into being Q to try to find
a bolt this is our ball we're just going
to take this loosen this and put this
new this new guy in here successfully
fitted and that valve which is going to
hold the engine together
oh the the bus is kind of fixed and now
we're off to give ya
emotional time these are views right
here we're just having a some dinner now
we're going to find an adventure a very
exciting adventure I'm hoping this would
be a lovely lovely bin delay and I won't
regret it tomorrow okay today is our
year anniversary only year ago that's
crazy
here we go now we're living in a bus
traveling the country so about to head
up from Wolverhampton to find a
abandoned asylum okay so we just again
to this asylum I think we've lost mass
we had a murderer dragging his knife
along the floor and as when I cut myself
climbing
Sam thinks he's heard someone distant
rustling investigate
we were we were using torches the whole
time we're crazy maybe the light bulbs
black oh we've got sort of the stairwell
and the roofs missing I need a jungle
that's crying on the stairwell we're
really high up I don't wanna die now
there's like prison bars to stop meant
if you escape
yeah it's that the cedar we would just
walk it all yeah oh I'm glad we didn't
walk that far to earn our way back to
the bus we didn't get murdered
thankfully though it's now midnight
we're on our way to Manchester we're
gonna try and park up just outside
Manchester oh now get some sleep before
our big day tomorrow
you
