so I drove to just outside Cardiff last
night just having a nice coffee and
we're about to head into the town meet
some people have some fun look around we
eventually found a parking spot in the
center of Cardiff we're just getting
ready to pull people arrive getting the
bus tidied up there
just met another vlogger so it's going
track out its YouTube channel Steve
rinds TV and we're just having a lovely
time everyone say hello what kind of
stuff do you do in your town what's your
channel
she's gonna regret that tomorrow scope
permanent marker what do they party
frying points around these cities is a
really cool way to motive
welcome to what's wrong with the bus
today today's problem is our
accelerators broken the whole pedals
just flopping I have no idea how to fix
it so we're kind of stranded in Cardiff
but I'm too hungry to think about it so
we're gonna go get something to eat okay
we're back in a lot about to climb under
the bus this is walking to figure out
what's going on
way to prove to Jon the accelerator Oh
boy
so where we're going at reasonable
speeds with the moths wedged in the on
the accelerator find there's lots of
dangers which I can't quite go into the
bar you know imagine if we had no brakes
or something
compared to that have we so dangerous
okay so we're we were plodding along
policeman pulled us over blue lights
flashing everything
we politely talk to the police officer
she was kind of interested in the bus
and explained we were going to the
garage and she just let us go I thought
we were completely screwed absolutely so
for some reason the brake pads or the
gearbox or something I think it's a
breakdown
something down here is like burning I
think it's cause we tried to drive with
no air in the air tanks I don't know
so although we though we got pulled over
by the police and we've got some kind of
fire happening in the back we did get to
the bus what is this some kind of bus
generation to help us repair we can make
it to Birmingham otherwise I'm gonna
have to postpone the Birmingham me up oh
that looks so bad for that
