we got mozzarella sticks that's really
really stretches cheese
there's a big piece again
that was such a lovely cafe we went to
I'm gonna head out in the best see
Marcus
I celebrate them we hit a million
subscribers today
market
thanks to the left so here at dinner
with Marcus kind of coincides we
couldn't make them me in subscribers
today congratulations man that's so
how's it feel to be have a million
subscribers on it amazing but very
surreal at the same time yeah so thank
you guys if any of you are so sweet
I may be you on don't subscribe to
Marcus now let's get to 2 million wow
that's a big pesto that was delicious
Marx's up I'm gonna go and hang out with
Alexa and the crew again the so Gary
mark it's been a long time and it's so
awesome saml stop amazing common look at
the health and safety in this restaurant
so funny I thought we're gonna get
milkshakes no okay we can go home I have
another time to skate here in LA so I
thought what I'm a little sketchy for a
little bit way that's what the funkiest
petrol station around crazy
so just got back from skating I wanted
to show you guys saying you see this
like subtle bruise on the bridge of my
nose you can you see that basically this
is how it happens yeah in Alexis
bathroom they've got this like
magnifying mirror yeah and but it
doesn't stay up it just falls down so I
was like I had it prop table like this
and I was just like looking in it all
that and then it just like fell down
onto my nose and that's why I've got
bruised anyway I was thinking of
chatting to you guys because I've got an
idea
for my channel basically
probably once a week or so instead of
doing a typical daily vlog is doing
something a bit different maybe doing a
video on a Saturday or Sunday which I
spend a bit more time kind of planning
and there's some kind of purpose behind
it maybe it's a skit maybe it's some
kind of action thing maybe it's a music
thing but I'm kind of changing up one
one day a week to do something different
I mean I don't know what you guys think
about that if you could comment below
and let me know your thoughts it just
gives a bit more room for collaboration
with other youtubers and I don't know
doing something to express a bit more of
my editing skills or special effects or
whatever this is something different you
know anyway I'll leave you on that night
peace out enjoy life and uhm hey guys
i'm rebecca black and you just finished
watching fun for Louie and always
remember that if you really do truly
love something and have a passion for it
never take no for an answer bye
