being the Dina finding something to eat
today because it's lunchtime where's
that it's actually almost dinner time /
where are you taking me for food we're
going to the cactus club Coal Harbour
like the big slide chip star that's
right downtown it's going to use to the
harbor and feel Harbridge but it should
be really nice everyone jokes have been
here yet and let yourself go
so got Batman burger again i'm eating
burgers all the time but i like burgers
hope you got a green salad so healthy so
we finished dinner we're going to go
outside we're told a few people that
we're going to be here so you might be
meeting through a few viewers Hey look
at all these people from Vancouver I
like Vancouver hello I'm Larissa I have
a music channel called Larissa Jade with
forties hello I am Michelle Rachel hi hi
I'm Bethany I'm toughie Leela
and you have a blogging channel yeah
it's called Bethenny Julia yeah hi I'm
chef I'm Lauren and we have a volume
channel it's chez Ashton with two ends I
don't have YouTube account sure hey and
then I'm Tina and check our friends
channels the singing birds okay hi there
and he and I make videos on closet blogs
hi I'm Marco and I make music and soccer
videos on free kick nice hey I'm
Harrison make vlogs on youtube.com slash
wiseass on Harry greetings internet my
bearing just broke I just owe some guys
longboard
I've literally just stolen the door
we're just watching the sunset so we've
kind of finish up the meet up a couple
of viewers came late son introduce
yourselves and we're just going a copy
I'm actually getting a decaf coffee
because I've already had my gosh guys
check this out
I have no idea what just happened I
think this is a steam-powered clock 930
it's pat something on the lens look its
water it's d
quite chilly evening we were going to go
clubbing but it wasn't really happening
and then we were going to go in the hot
tub and that wasn't really happening
either but it's been a really cool day
in Vancouver and its really nice to meet
those people from banku this Opie came
down nice to meet you all sorry again
for such late notice I'm really this
organ on this so i think i'll be back at
some point this year and i'll give
everyone more notice tomorrow i'm
driving back to seattle to catch a
flight to LA which it's going to be fun
driving back down there more traveling
so I'm going to get some sleep and I'll
catch you guys tomorrow peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom hey
guys you just finished watching from for
Louie um I just want you guys to always
remember always keep in mind that to
every negative there is a positive no
matter what the circumstances you are
not alone everything will be
you
