hi my name is Nisha and this is fun for
Louis and I'm gonna toss some paper
Queens issues I'm a little bit worried
it's six o'clock in the morning I need
to be at the airport probably for a two
o'clock latest my flights at 9:40 I'm
still 90 miles away from the airport
and I'm stuck in this
it's 22-8 on 14 miles away from the
airport and I'm completely empty on fuel
I don't know where to stop the fuel or
not because I do not want to miss this
flight guys this morning is not going
well I'm pretty sure I miss my flight
this traffic is just crazy and there's
like three accidents on the way so
massively held up and then as I going to
toss out my glasses and broke them so
I'm kind of sad
I'm actually in the middle of Manhattan
now trying to get to the other side of
it and my flight takes off in an hour
and 10 minutes I have no idea how late I
can leave the check
guys this is incredible I got the rental
car back in jumped from this shuttle bus
got in checked in 20 minutes before the
flight was due to leave they said it's
too late to give me a boarding pass had
to run through security almost left my
laptops there made it I'm shaking with
adrenaline after like driving all night
I made the flight after all that traffic
guys this is a lake this is Lake
Michigan check this out
let's let this sit
I've never been on a plane that's done
this before we've landed some people
have got off I'm staying the same see
and then more people are getting on and
then we're going to Seattle so I don't
know I don't know where we are right now
so arrived in Seattle jardines just
arrived as well well maybe like an hour
ago my flight was delayed but she's
gonna meet me here so I'm gonna go and
try and find her and then we're gonna
make her way to the hotel
yes okay we made the Train
we're just getting directions to the
hotel
first thing to do in a swanky hotel
skateboarding a lobby
I'm so tired check out our room 20
second rule right we're heading to get
some food now so I haven't eaten all day
see that in the background we're gonna
go up to the top of that for drinks not
dinner we found that not doing us drinks
we found a Thai place we're gonna check
this out I love Thai food
I got a Thai green curry that's looking
pretty nice let's get that we're almost
at the Space Needle
what is this is that like an old-school
lens this is Chris he's organizing the
vlogger fair and we're about to go up
guys look who I'm reunited with with
enthusiasm man but this hasn't learned
each other but they should be very very
deep that's why I like the enthusiasm
complainer
the emotional life
we both we both Hanuman shot look at
this insane sunset this is incredible
we're having a very adult party where
you know standing around and laughing
haha
we're going back down back down back
down to the ground level we're now in
the sports bar opposite the Space Needle
everyone just to name a few youtubers
Damon and Christian are gonna fighting
to eat but obviously we already ate
earlier but I was just telling them like
I'm not in a place to make any decisions
I'm so tired I can't really process
anything I've just been really spaced
down we are walking back to the hotel to
sleep I'm gonna sleep I feel like all my
vlogs have been me saying how tired a
more going as a drop or driving my car
around anyway it's definitely better
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure right I just want to say
before your when that life's a great big
canvas and you should throw all the
paint on it as you can see great frozen
paint
