yes we capsized and we go in the water
it's that cold did we only get you know
possibly like 82nd survival time before
you and your organs freeze and stop
operate where we going so I was kind of
Norway or somewhere then I found out
last night how do we get to little why
we're glad yesterday I don't know I'm a
couple to be honest none of which
country I don't even know what slim is I
don't actually be no know where we are
we're in Germany somewhere
I just went to use the toilet and I kind
of forgot I was dressed to drop and let
him go down to well really
this is pretty much what we're going to
be eating always we've got a few
selections you got beans and sausages
macaroni and cheese with a very good
choice we're going to go to Copenhagen
center take four and a half hours to
drive
as one leave us an illegal amount of
beers have an economy stopped in this
random little town in Denmark Tommy
sliver yes and again massive slices of
piece for dinner what they seem to have
unusually small trolleys here in Denmark
so we're in I'm Copenhagen at the moment
and Rimmel friend Jack this is Jarrah my
name's Joe its name's jack
yeah it's not oh okay oh oh
Denmark tilde in the city people they be
greedy I'm looking for some bitches
that'd be pretty
I see the school divide the figure read
wrong you know badly with a buddy Agnes
yeah I'm not aggressive under suggestive
yeah I take the market in that time well
basically have you ever tried getting
fighting drug people into one mini box
dressed as a draw fuck no you're not
going with my hurry for it okay you are
it again can I give you money
hey slippery slime and get out
Oh
got pulled over because there was a bit
of a fight outside that Club because
that blond guy trying to like I see you
good just getting breathalyzer yeah
we're at the swedish border just paying
our toll you know how it is we're doing
it in giraffe style honey thank you
I am Latoya
this is andreas he's Ohio sees organized
everything is over nice time entities
since the Rangers are very typical to
Norway I made bring this to for you
young so we are now in Norway and this
is our trip for the night flying this is
homemade reindeers to you to have a jaw
and wanna go back to the way it was
we're just about to make some whale I
pretty much only legal in this country
here we go that looks wrong I'm not
about you bear like that that's I must
give you about those the ones they all
essentially turn I can taste is blood so
it's like first I'll take up that we're
going to the airport's become River
College or D No
got a fella fella who was seen but what
I see
we're going canoeing son just come on I
think it's funny the first time since I
need at least two days so it's really
really nice what that's where we're
gonna come up a lot yeah we're at a very
beautiful like the waters are still but
merely is spots with frozen patches so
that could be interesting really need to
be close to the shore so snake though
social all the way down there getting at
a person that off from the water in
Turkey no it's next impossible but if I
got like him can I just put yeah yeah
and then I will die yeah okay cool
another lie to you right now I'm
actually a little bit scared about this
just with no real messages she has a
message she should see what the message
is cause to say your whole with knowing
about four or five miles to the campsite
and before is absolutely freezing
we wrapped up warm but having a very
good sleeping soldier
it's we capsized and you go in the water
it's that cold that we only get you know
possibly like eighty second survival
time before you your organs freeze and
stop operate where where I mean
see see see
I've gotta open a kind of peach slices
with an axe
Oh
how's the fishing going been yeah shot
of kyboots
back in the war units cruel cool to eat
dish
oh it was good whoa yeah well I think
what do you think I've got like three
idiots standing around me while I'm
trying to car well you know what granny
no I'd rather now she's down you're
gonna put it fastest but a bit like a
fish
you just simulate the fish this is the
second time I've been fishing in my life
not used to dating you know seriously
well James yeah I had a great night
sleep my seasons I change it up to about
here if you click here you can see the
video of Louie eating rotten fish that's
easily as bad easily as bad as anything
else of Dallas oh so bad ladies up
smells like someone's crapped on my face
if someone had a gun right now I'll take
a bullet rather than to go home so I'll
have to check home
okay Brenda
