good afternoon guys
we are leaving Vail today with packed
all our stuff up took a little bit
longer than expected managed to grab
some lunch
got another vegan wrap for lateral wrap
and our school bus we've been a bit
cheek you've had it parked outside the
hotel for aiding and yeah oh look what
the police just showed up this is doing
a tape over on the GoPro Japan in from
account so yeah we're showing them the
bus also guys we have set up the new
Instagram account for the bus the
happiness button or link below
going by the way we're gonna be poking
fun of stuff on there
and I thought I call it a little salute
if I got here guys check this down this
is amazing I've never seen anything like
this this guy he's using a mirror he's
reflecting the sunlight and burning
shaping panels with work okay we're
about to head off I've actually kept
everyone waiting quite a while passing
things and getting lunch and everything
but we're literally about the head
questions where you going Florida yeah
Orlando Florida Christmas head an ALICE
afternoon if you haven't checked out
Chris's channel I've linked it below you
can check it out he's an incredible
inspirational content creator and
hopefully we'll get to travel sometimes
doing them adventures in Yemen it's
surreal I'm genuinely sad to be leaving
the mountain games the vibes here are
just incredible if you ever have a
chance to come include they all for the
mountain games please do it's just I've
been walking around it cannot stop
smiling
you need and not gain out
like I was saying earlier guys have an
Instagram account and just as a salute
to Felix and Talia called it the
happiness bus there was an exhibition
happiness obviously they do allow you
didn't see daylight did the hug version
and they've got their own Instagram
account for it but this is like a new
lease of life
we need to rebrand it we're going to put
our own like for the happiness button
there and
yeah the new era in the lung
alright let's queue up
I go the plan is we are going to stop in
Moab where we stopped on the way here to
get bit up and hopefully caps golden
hour and then we're going to drive on
through to Monument Valley
maybe camp up somewhere tonight and get
them incredible I think I might forget
we do sunrise
yeah I think we might be surprised I'm
getting incredible footage I've never
done monument valley by pear I've seen
its best players pretty sure that we
told you guys what we're doing but we
are following the oh yeah we're going to
try and get some nice shots of Cup again
seven are here so I'm going to try it
some low shutter speed photos of the bus
on this road
very nice be back the Moab area valley
the captain with my bike
and as I get so do you I have look at
the gold as I bow to the top
I just thought I will get control
I think we're just outside the next
compartment we're allowed
we've stopped in Moab dinner at this
same place that we came to on the way to
Vail and the road trip here because the
veggie burgers and the veggie loaf were
really good and we're pretty hungry have
been driving all day this is the
smallest waitress in the world also this
is the hottest habanero sauce it was so
good apparently I missed the best of it
when they came in it was like I was like
I was being an adult in like just so we
hear like the best waitress ever and he
was just a tiny child I'm pretty hungry
so I ordered another entire burger in
and it's a veggie patty and sweet potato
fries because it's so good so so good
guys I might not have mentioned earlier
when we left that Lindsay's actually
joining up for this road trip we're
going in convoy because she's been
driving behind us the entire time
because how we got some of the external
short bit of us and we are driving for
another three hours
whether it's amazing spot in Monument
Valley and we're going to be parking out
there so we can like be there for the
sunrise
but anyways yeah JP spun to give her a
little break from driving think he's
going to do is shift in her
okay we have arrived at this spot where
we're going to try and park up for the
night and hopefully get beautiful
sunrise but if ever it's like a track
it's like it's like a dust road so we'll
see how it goes you can destroy it slow
yeah yeah definitely not like the
trickle Grove okay you go ahead then you
can just warn me it's going to be cool
okay the original spot we were going to
try and drive to seven more miles on
this bumpy gravel track so we're
thinking this is a good enough spots it
is pretty cool it's like open expanse in
front of us then like outcrops of rocks
and mountains in the distance and that's
where the sun's going to rise
unfortunately the Moon is almost full
and it's like in the sky right now it's
not better star photography but we're
still going to try do some cool night
shots of the bus and as I said earlier
we'll be posting those on the Instagram
like hump so we're going to take this
drive and this rotor about the LA is
that cool opportunity to
cool photography and get some cool shots
of the bus all right what position the
bus so four cameras let's get that ahead
I don't know if you guys can see this
but it is literally got it working yet
all right I just changed in white
balance it's got a pretty blue image and
we're going to move the casters not in
shop guys check this out here do you
want to take the camera yeah sure
okay play late now I'm going to climb up
on top of the bus shot me standing
silhouetted with the moon should be
pretty cool we're looking good okay we
are settling down to the knife and like
I said we've got some cool shots and
tomorrow if we are if this is ambitious
but I think I'm going to get up for
sunrise twice in one week pretty much
this that's good for me it's already 2
a.m. so if only if sunrise at 5:00 yeah
oh my gosh okay look I'm thinking we get
up at sunrise get some cool shots and
then maybe go back to sleep again I'd
like to do that yeah and then we
tomorrow we're going to be yeah having
hopefully some very very scenic driving
catch in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
