hello there ladies and gentlemen you are
watching for their not too far from
Canada now have been driving all night
had to take a little hours break for a
bit of sleep and also had strict a bit
of caffeine just trying to avoid that
but I'm feeling all right feeling all
right
and I haven't told you guys actually why
I'm going to Canada yeah and there's
actually a travel bloggers Expo on in
Toronto which is this weekend and trying
to catch the end of it so I think it'd
be quite cool because that's the kind of
stuff I'm doing it's matte girls
breakfast time I've got a egg McMuffin
so just about the kinds of Canada I seem
to have bypassed Niagara Falls which I
think's probably like a mile over there
or something so I was gonna show you
guys in Agra Falls about
I think oh that
so though our not driving past Niagara
Falls on this trip you can go and see
actually a trip where I did go to
Niagara Falls it's the 2011 road trip I
did around America and it's thinks
episode two if you want to check out
what Niagara Falls is like but I'm in a
bit of a rush so I can't stop by there
today Canadian border
right so
where do you live in England okay oh you
very familiar with our road signs yep
okay because there's a there's a stop
sign you blew through there I don't know
if you're just not paying attention
yeah my concerns me a little bit about
into my country
yeah thanks Canada thanks for letting me
in Canada baby we in Canada the loose
log we're driving into store tell
yourself
this is this thing I've come to its
being it's like I don't really know
anything about it but it seems lazy
related to stuff I'm doing so maybe I
can meet some cool people what's going
on here is this like loads of travel
agents and like tourism boards from
different countries around the world and
there's lots of bloggers and people that
doing different things probably not
quite like me but and they're pitching
ideas to the tourism boards to say look
we want to help promote your country or
whatever like that and travel and show
cool stuff so I've been chatting to some
people to see if I can find some cool
locations to take you guys with me and
do some really cool stuff so hopefully
I've done some good networking today oh
yeah I forgot to say so I'm hanging out
with a couple of other kind of YouTube
bloggers people which you might get to
meet later
this is Kristen and Nadine and we're
gonna go and hang out have some food
have some fun look at this awesome house
we've stopped at this this is the patio
outside
we're in the best burrito place in the
world burrito boys I'm literally gonna
inhale this I've just been hanging out
with all these travel vloggers tonight
and we've gone out to a bar right we're
done for the evening
we're leaving Toronto and we're just
traveling just outside and I'm gonna
crash it Chris this house I am insanely
tired
one hour sleep is not a good number
so I'll just go back to Kristen's house
look at these ferrets they look real I
want to play eight ferrets hey red
bright I am insanely tired I'm gonna go
to sleep and I'm gonna catch you guys
tomorrow I'll be more more energetic and
chatty tomorrow anyway peace out enjoy
life live the adventure thing okay so
what you need to know is that you're
beautiful and that you're worth being
here so go out into the world and give
them your biggest smile
