I love you may know the dailies most of
the newer each other and I just thought
my fool we started could you guys do an
intro for today's video right on the
count of three that you say welcome to
fun for Louie okay one two three
so it's a beautiful morning in New York
City this is the top of the hotel this
is mental in there one amazing
right so I'm off for some breakfast and
a smoothie with Joey oh there and then I
guess we're heading to the venue in a
bit Joey just got me to try the weirdest
movie I haven't tried it yet it's up
here it's good it's not like spinach and
stuff yes spinach parsley kale and
actually on and strawberries banana and
pineapple yeah we do whoa that is weird
jumping in the cab now get to the venue
my soup enough outside the venue and
this he's got prettiman oh my god this
is how you feeling right we're gonna get
rescued hello there look at the security
get angry
hey Sam we're going on to the room
there's lots of people what's your name
me and Megan this is Megan there's lots
of people here today I think it's gonna
be a fun day
oh this is crazy so we're on the roof
and we're just meeting some of those
viewers that I've come along to digi
fest got Sam and Casper over there with
whole bunch of people queuing I'm just
going to take a little wonder tell those
people where the main error
turns out we're ahead of schedule so I'm
actually going on now I'm doing an
eating challenge with a second life guys
Sam here JC it's going to be pretty
awesome right I love you may know the
dailies most of the new funding for
eternal but the fourth at channelside I
had another channel which is still kind
of running and that's some food for
Louie and for those that you don't know
that channel it being some really really
discussing things on it really bad by
the wash and I have all the fun what am
I invite some other guys
peace out and your life even your
venture Oh what did you guys think about
guys like oh I got to taste the worst of
it yeah man you did it I I tried to
swallow it rolls doing a good job guys
where we going down
out of him
p sub right I'm just going to chill for
a bit like backstage I've make these
poor girls introduce yourself hi and and
they do you to tell me what your YouTube
channel where the girls who do so the
girls who do stuff and what and what
stuff do you do we do everything that
for all stupid just me two new videos I
think you should check this out yeah
we're going to head back to the hotel
we're going to skate back across New
York hey Ron I'm heading up now okay see
you later
okay we're skating on the Psychopaths
and there's a horse
time for the after party ah
I'm trying to rent a car but it's like
half 12 at night and I'm thinking of
driving to Toronto tonight the only
place when get a rental now is the
airport that's quite far all of this
cockroach
the Grendel car has been booked from
laguardia airport 2 30am this could be
an insanely bad idea driving to Toronto
at two in the morning right my car's
here let's roll I've got the rental car
it's like caught us three in the morning
and i'm driving to toronto where's 20 25
in the morning i'm on my way to Canada
I've had an amazing day I can only
describe as beautiful on every level
did you fess was way better than I could
have ever imagined and it was great
meeting everyone
and I'll see you guys tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure babe
the very basic core of man's living
spirit is his passion for adventure
