hi I'm a mean you're watching fun boy oh
it's been a lazy morning now it's time
for some lunch hmm soup soup and garlic
bread me and I'm we're just having a
laptop club session and I've got my
favorite drink caribbean crush again
recommend that drink very tasty
it's rainy today rainy I don't like
rainy
so much to see Steve and a little bit
get down get down sit down down down yes
babe look at Steve she'll be put up
that's a nice job man I Steve's DIY guy
Steve's DIY i'm just going to dave and
Alan's house and Matt don't ever leave
them are in Steve's just picking
something up it's Alan oh please not
like this not like this look like look
like this noise there's been a car crash
I hope everyone's alright Butler I
currently see what's going on this looks
mad way that land rover is mashed that
car looked like literary mash Tim I
don't really understand like I think
they I don't understand what's happened
Lissa they lost control of thing whoa
well the hell's happened though but some
people are crazy driver if I had day and
I'd might be a safe drivers people
safety first
mean Steve I just having some a little
pre-dinner snack pasties hey John some
pasties babe no no they're not you but
for me never let these chill Hitler look
caribbean crash falou oh hello again
yeah my long-lost rank is literally what
about that boy this is the one melodies
/ these I don't even know what those so
I'm helping Steve do some electrics
we're rewiring into lighting in this
house how's it going over there man yeah
so long look look at all these wires
this is positive this is negative this
is earth and we've got some sweet things
left chest guy he's got some bad man
bolt showing it and this nice metallic
thing
we just got takeaway curry check it out
chicken jalfrezi oh yeah Steve's got a
problem that I'm balancing it all on my
mac teen that's a bad table unreal it's
fine I he things an apple mac is a good
table I think that's good man medicare /
table been another very very chilled a
very chilled I think I'm just taking a
few days out really just to recover a
bit because I'm offering my adventures
again at the end of the week i'm off to
New York for digi fest I mentioned
before and then I don't know I'm just
going to be traveling around America a
bit i think maybe Canada in the meantime
right now I am just chilling I'm trying
to recover I think I've got a bit of
fatigue I've just been exhausted this
last couple of days I've been resting
hanging out people but just tired so
tired from everything so um was just
round Steve's tonight we just gotta take
away and watched a film but yeah I'm
just taking it easy oh and tomorrow I'm
going to be going into London with steve
and ben you met we're going to be
filming a music video for my mum
hopefully it all goes to plan that
should be really fun I was going to hang
out with Alan tonight as well but it's
just really tired and I was just chillin
with Steve and lexion but I hopefully
hang out with a few other people before
go to New York gonna catch up with Josh
Alan few of the friends hopefully I can
get to deal with that and then off again
whenever I'm staying with my parents I
feel like it's it's just temporary it's
just like oh I'm just here make the most
of it and then off again where I'm gonna
walk back that now get some sleep and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
you've just watched a fun for Louie vlog
and remember it's not the length of life
but the depth of life
