hello guys I'm the Walia from sunny
South Africa and you're watching fun for
Louie you boys right there the hammocks
yeah I got woken up by lovely visit from
some girls hey
what your names isn't that nice a nice
little visit from some viewers they
brought pancakes before breakfast
pancakes this is amazing I think Scott
is the best country in the world we're
setting up a picnic for breakfast I need
to charge my laptop box and Nick's gonna
reverse the the mini bus back so I can
so I can plug it in it's not quite as
warm as it was yesterday so we're not
gonna hang around on the beach for too
long but we're now gonna go to
Sainsbury's grab some lunch and head
over to the farm and Robin Bianca I
gotta cook some food for us
mainly who stops on the road to get a
coffin because I need to wake up very
tired
mix a new betta coffee only recently has
he found the love that is coffee have
you enjoyed the trip Alex awesome it's
been so that Bank is just preparing
lunch there all these hungry lads home
aids realmente
and Hillary that is amazing that looks
amazing
yeah I was probably born into a family
with a silver spoon in my mouth brought
up in a in a wealthy family and never
really wanted for anything I think the
journey in my quest for money was a big
was a big thing I mean money is a huge
especially in the Western culture is a
huge issue in our lives
I felt money was the key to my security
and I realized that as I was working the
office I was getting less and less free
time to do the things I was passionate
about doing and I also began to
understand this this concept of the rat
race this feeling of entrapment this
series of things I went into a church
and to me it reminded me of the churches
that I experienced through school it was
bland it was dull and it was like I just
don't want a piece of this it was almost
like an embarrassment thing then to be
able to disturbing noise that was
Christian it was probably a year later
when I did a half marathon and during
the half marathon I just forgotten to
drink and I had an experience that that
left me unconscious for 35 minutes or so
on the track and then the ambulance came
I was rushed into Tampa Hospital and it
was in there that I had like a death
experience and it at that point I then
went to another level with the Lord of
basically saying you've got my life now
you've got everything he was soon after
that that I came back and we were sat in
Brixton there was suddenly were like
what can we do and down at Brixton at
that time there's a lot of people
homeless begging on the streets I'd
never spoken to homeless people I've
never done that because I came from a
rich background I didn't know how to
communicate and the first person that I
knelt down to and offered a cup of
coffee was a guy called Steve and he had
been in the role Marine he'd been a
marine at the time whilst I was in the
office of training he'd been the marine
at limp stand and he now was in a
position where he was selling his body
on the streets to a forest cracking a
heroin habit I'm fairly soon after we
met a couple called Jeff and Abigail Pam
I was intrigued by that guy's because
they were different absolutely different
and I just watched them day after day
giving giving cash away giving food away
feeding people and it was just complete
chaos and there was this fluid messy
amazing infectious thing going on in
this in this house I suddenly felt that
I was at a junction in my life that I
could go back to New Zealand
Karen running my business or that I
could leave everything and go and join
these crazy guys down in Brixton and I
just knew in my heart that I was willing
to just say goodbye to that stuff and go
and join these crazy guys so people on
the street I then did I saw my house to
clear my mortgage gave away I had a
vehicles boats and furnitures and the
business and just just a whole lot went
just gave it the freedom of that
incredible came back in March from New
Zealand went straight into Brixton and
the first day we just went walkabout on
the streets and had the privilege of
meeting some of the most amazing amazing
people
I was struggling with heroin addiction
crack cocaine alcohol addiction and
often to the level of the place where
they died developed a great friend
called Colin for me learning how to to
love than to be accepted by him was an
incredible journey because it wasn't
he's in love Colin it wasn't easy and
yet he taught me so much more about love
and seeing these stories of restoration
of people's lives been restored and by
this time I'd shut down bank accounts it
was simply what you carry is what you've
got so just sort of walking didn't know
where I was gonna eat dinner where I was
gonna sleep didn't know anything the
journey just went on going from place
not knowing why I was there meeting
people meeting homeless guy him say I'm
going to Bournemouth going with him the
journey just went on and on and off
staying meeting people they were taking
to the hounds would stay there things
would happen you pray like you've never
prayed before I got to see things I've
never seen before the journey has taken
on a whole new dimension now instead of
joining around the world and facing
facing challenges of having it out of
this situation you know in this country
no money or how do we deal with this
situation you know with guns being held
understand in Africa and Kenya and
scared it's like it's a different
journey now it's how do we deal with
with this newborn child
and who knows where the Jenny goes and
he knows where the Jenny goes from
selves it's a rope to shared some of his
story with us ill press the incredible
we're just washing out for the least we
can do to help
see you later chicken of the Edinburgh
ie
yay I don't really know we're just
happened Ignis climbed on the Droid and
then it into the back crazy
he is crazy a short fuel stop
well you said Nick look
and the Americans watching calculate how
much that is in dollars you'll be
shocked at how expensive fuel is in the
UK we're in Edinburgh yes love Edinburgh
Edinburgh costs over on their stop
reticular pizza wait take that bad boy
out that's exactly what I'm talking
about
so the back of the minibus we've had a
nice night in there right now the Knicks
gonna do a little driving shift I think
we're gonna pick up a hitchhiker you
look cold coming the wall what's your
name Dennis nice to meet you Dennis
just before we picked him up we were
having this like really deep discussion
about where the prayer works and I just
think it's really funny because when he
got any guys I was just praying goes I'm
not a religious guy but I was just
praying that someone would pick me up we
were everywhere we were laughing you're
like wow Leeds
we're in Leeds just four in the morning
hopping sleeping these guys are off
and I'm off as well peace out enjoy life
sleep adventure tomorrow
you make the best of it
