I'm gonna Scott and you're watching fun
for Louie
it's quarter to six in the morning we
just got into Scotland and we pulled
over for a little break feel to fuel up
judge the toilet maybe get a little
coffee so we're just driving into the
center of Glasgow trying to find
somewhere nice to get breakfast bricks
it's great yeah the same feeling about
Scotland's name I love spell it turns
out man get out I love son
demen am take away a beta way he's going
to be in coffee breakfast and free Wi-Fi
way that is also guys look at the size
of this breakfast this is a black
pudding for those who don't know that's
dried blood hey ro we have breakfast
color yeah we do something breakfasting
a breakfast rap about everything in it
video we decided some Rob Louise camera
oh yeah quickly do something funny
someone yeah the kitchen eyes of a lily
cole bites so i factored by has a great
white shark writer Nick's helping me out
hack into the phone we're doing the
hacking were hacking know he helped to
miss the guy at the moment not
optimistic as an itunes store ready for
it verify if not they were still voice
is not eligible to the requested build
you need to follow us let's see that
right we're heading up from glasgow i'm
going to introduce you to everyone but
cares it was too dark to see everyone
last night some people were sleeping we
hadn't picked everyone up so going from
sun i'm alex from leeds i'm alex from
Azkaban i'm calling from manchester in
chi column from ash dead
Phil from London or another from here
i'm nick from cobbins yeah this is right
i'm gonna go to sleeps I've been driving
all night
we're about a half an hour away from Rob
and his family this is impressive moving
contact lens insertion are we doing in
Scotland we drive the rocks all right
we're just arriving see if we can get
her to rub yeah track them down we're in
the woods in the middle of nowhere
hey Rock we're just driving up the track
now never meddle it's been so long
I let us out hugs all around ropes a hug
this is bianca Joshua China
so just to give you guys a bit of
background on Rob he's the guy i
mentioned in my draw my life video that
i was really inspired by I think he's
one of the most inspirational people
have met my life ashley and someone
that's kind of shaped my life the most
so hopefully in the next few days you'll
get to get to know him a bit more and
maybe i'll share some crazy stories and
stuff with you guys be cool right we've
been tournament robbing the fam these
guys went on a little hike now we're
going to go into town and try and get in
the swimming pool and have a sauna
I was a nice little swim and steamer and
we walked outside this incredible sunset
chetas out to enjoy the swim it was
fantastic
well I think we're now heading to
Sainsbury's to get some food that is me
while the beach
guys look at the moon look at these
troublemakers look at these
troublemakers we got lamb steaks we got
burgers Jack Daniels sauce and
mayonnaise
so it's almost one in the morning we've
just been sitting on the beach having a
little barbecue watching the sunset we
can still see the Sun it's ridiculous
one in the morning but we're going to
all crammed into the minibus wrap up
warm and sleep by the by the beach
tonight snuggle women Nick and snuggles
anyway peace out enjoy life live the
adventure boom you must never give in to
despair allow yourself to slip down that
road and you will surrender your lowest
instincts in the darkest of times hope
is something you give yourself that is
the meaning of inner strength by
