good morning guys I've just landed in
Barcelona in Spain I'm here for the
Mobile World Congress which is a
conference happens once a year where all
the mobile phone companies come and show
off the latest tech and I'm here with
Nokia mobile who are sponsoring today's
vlog and I'm about to go and meet the
team and hear about some exciting
announcements they're making today Oh
fantastic right I've just arrived this
is Charlotte and Adi they're gonna take
me around
okay still pretty early things are
getting set up back in there in the main
building and we'll get em prepped for
the press press
was it good press day and yeah we're
gonna come out and get some breakfast
this is Eduardo our food has arrived
guys we are winning with this Cafe
recommendation to this now
I am loving the vibes this morning here
in Barcelona good food
interesting streets are just the few
streets we walk to get to that cafe is
like beautiful architecture for freee
these people like skating everywhere
feels very creative here
cool guys the announcements happening in
less than an hour and I've managed to
now neo here he is going to talk me
through the what they're announcing so
I'm getting a sneak peek at the new
Nokia phones there's five of them
they're announcing today first we're
going to do shoot is the all-new Nokia
8110 very old day yeah many of you might
remember it as the as the banana fired
it was also a star at a certain
Hollywood Hollywood blockbuster it's got
things like Google assistant
it's got Gmail it's got your Google Maps
Facebook Twitter all ready to go and of
course not very fun you know you just
slide to answer the call you sided shut
it away for the weekend if I wanted to
chill out a bit from social media what's
the note so the second phone here is
super-exciting phone store so this is
the all new Nokia one and the Nokia one
is really an answer to a problem a lot
of people find in the smartphone market
where typically low-cost smartphones
have offered a very very poor experience
it's inherently color polycarbonate nice
nice scratch it the color runs all the
way through the material so it all looks
great I'm I would definitely scratch it
I'm pretty rough with my in my tech this
product is is machined out of a single
block of 6000 series aluminium so I mean
we start the brick of aluminium and we
carve out of that the body so you see
it's completely seamless and we're
bringing Zeiss optics to the Nokia 6 for
the first time murmuring high-end
features like dual site imaging so
that's the ability to use your front and
rear camera at the same time oh yeah
what's that called both fit both ear so
let guys there's there's me and Neil and
love it so allows you to refocus it and
then I saw can you do like a little they
go around the corner this is actually a
key improvement in this new version yeah
cool site so all of these people told us
they wanted to still be on a captured
both side but they want to put the
emphasis more on one part of the story
in our eyes so picture-in-picture yeah
and this is like the feature that jumped
out me initially as someone is not
really into the video side about I was
like oh how could they use that could I
be live-streaming something and kind of
reacting to you go
or explaining something whilst and
showing something else I don't know I'm
an experiment with it but I love that
future that's cool
ya know it's a lot of fun so this is the
new Nokia seven plus it's got absolutely
beautiful
18 nine six inch full HD Plus display
but we've got a 12 megapixel main sensor
it's features large micron pixel
technology so each pixel is 1.4 microns
in size so they're bigger they're they
catch more light they're more sensitive
and we pair that with a 13 megapixel
telephoto lens that gives you 2 times
optical zoom and then lastly we're
introducing the all-new naw curate
Sirocco we machine this has stainless
steel so actually see at the edge so the
edges this is a stainless steel chassis
it's just 2 millimeters slim at the edge
you see the dual diamond cut yeah and
then we wrap it front them back with 3d
Gorilla Glass 5
can I try and bend it ok so actually in
our bend test it actually took up to 450
pounds of pressure I feel really weird
so so it's probably it's probably it
don't try this at home but it shows you
the sort of quality that we're
engineering the device to yeah Wow ah
thanks for your time that's really
really cool yeah right all the pressur
arriving this is you ho he's about to do
the keynote you excited I can't wait to
chow afters I think we're doing a little
interview later on yeah Coco what's your
what's your role the chief product
officer ok you're the guy to talk to you
then ok good luck good luck
four minutes - cheeky comfy you're
cheeky coffee what's this ah perfect
I'll just have it black that's fine
thank you so much
I've got a cheeky one I really love the
butts before events like this because
I've been chilling with all the staff
people behind the scenes as well people
grinding around and get everything
organized like I don't know I love it a
lot miss minister I haven't been in
event so many years I totally relate to
it so I know kind of it's not like
stress is like kind of chaos and if
people that perform well under pressure
I guess do weather and I've been
organizing and being part of things like
this
everyone's gonna stick
respect the device to be bright
eight-five doors keep our camera
features of my diving sensor technology
we combine for pizza to watch Newport
Beach so we put a few friends models so
you depend on the quality of your cap
by possessing extraordinary phone
give it these interviews with some of
the main guys at monkey mobile
film it that's not a camera die set
filming I haven't quite memorized the
questions of the circus my name is
Johanna because I'm the chief ride
officer at HMV global okay I look up at
the product you did fantastically with
the the keynote by the way what would
you say out of all the phones your
favorite feature is personally is that
difficult question that is a difficult
question yeah I would say like because
all of them have something unique then
like I'm really proud I was actually
using the Nokia one that's my daily
phone for a month well as we were
finalizing the software so I simply took
my SIM card out of my Nokia 7 plus
restored all of the same applications
and I started running with it well I
love about these phones as well as like
how accessible this is to so many people
now around the world whereas what
usually I think of a smartphone it is
high-end at a high price bracket but sit
when you announce this and the price
these are selling for I was like yeah
and away some like this is and this is
like everything you need in it and
that's actually a key part of Nod Nokia
has always been about yeah right and
that's why we're so passionate about the
feature phone segment as well it is a
lot harder to deliver a great experience
the lower you go on a cost thank you
thank you I'm gonna do a little I'm
gonna do a little Instagram like story
I can tell me what your role is not here
I'm the chief marketing officer Hatem de
globo I felt the excitement of the
build-up before the keynote because I
could you know as upstairs with all you
guys and like you know being everyone
scrambling to get ready and then all the
press coming in so I felt excited well
of course you know it's a big day for us
and we've been really preparing for this
for a long time
tell me more about what's on behind the
kind of the whole ad campaign I saw some
of it yes yes we were first you know
thinking that should we go to California
or Cape Town where you just came from
and just to some beautiful people or
nice sunny beaches and so on but then we
realize that no seriously we need to
remind people that they are going to use
these products in real life situations
so therefore we we are saying that the
ordinary life that we all actually
living deserves an external phone well
congratulations on today I think it was
a master suite thank you thank you thank
you
and how long I'm gonna be here I'm
leaving tomorrow but it's been great
okay being able to celebrate this launch
with you guys yes right I've just come
up to my bag and everyone's still hard
at work
sawing everything out for the launch
today I'm gonna go and check in to my
hotel because I literally stroke the
water here a lot of fun I love that they
have bananas next to the yellow phone
this is literally the banana phone
yeah I'm setting that down
as a fun day mm-hmm tasty banana
okay the plan is tomorrow so this is
just like the press day for the Nokia
mobile launch the plan is tomorrow I'm
going to a different venue for the
Mobile World Congress day I think that's
where it starts like properly and it's
going to be massive it's gonna be loads
of people there and there's going to be
a whole kind of like Nokia village area
set up where I'm gonna be hanging out
chilling with these guys and yeah I'm
pumped Barcelona is way more vegan
friendly than I realized
I think just even on this street there's
like three vegan restaurants it's it's
awesome so I'm heading into this place
now the veggie garden main course has
arrived
it's the tarley vegan thali which is
like an arrangement of Indian dishes as
you know curry is like my number one
food safe and well excited
do you know the craziest thing about
this place is is that starter mains
dessert and a drink is all 9 euros 25
which is just over $10 honestly if
you're ever in Barcelona alike you have
to come here you just have to
such a good move okay guys I'm in the
hotel I just heard this banging outside
and everyone's on their balconies with
pants hitting their pants look what is
this in someone's Spanish tell me what
is going on
literally all the balconies like over
here as well taking it
what is going on
no anyway um I'm gonna bunker down for
the night get some editing done and yeah
okay she knows tomorrow for another fun
day literally um I'm flying out tomorrow
and go back to Cape Town tomorrow so
it's like two days of bars later not
even anyway I will catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
