good afternoon guys is day 3 the GoPro
Mountain game and it is busy here today
take this out we're going for a little
explore I want to see the dogs they're
jumping in the water that's the thing I
want to do today so I'm with JP and
friend Lindsay unfortunately Sam had to
leave it's morning very early near 30 of
the year the lurid bitter there but
we're here until tomorrow so we're going
to make the most event which is the
right at a flat lining area very
important way to writing if you wanted
to film yourself around at night in
disappointed that you never get good
image out of it we are talking no way
can I have a go to slack life I'm going
out with all these kids loaded booty a
lottery never come on yeah so no for a
while this is a very short one though so
everything should be easy
jump up jump up me
that's quite top guy yeah it's like
keeping a low center of gravity all
right JP is having to go now yes bro
it's weirdly exhausting the altitude of
a pea too long so unfeasible my lungs
are like a pink Rena I need some
refreshment I think my favorite thing
about the mounting games is that there's
so many stalls there different brands
and they will give it away like three
drink something we got some amazing
coconut water the other day
they're just bonding for the kid
evidence with all the way from Texas yes
yeah you enjoyed the mounting game yeah
it's great
very cooked me you guys I just had the
weirdest reaction off dryer
slacklining
my chest has been so much pain even
though it wasn't out-breath and then I
had a really really bad coughing fit and
the Jaypee looked up online and
apparently at high altitude like it here
rehire you like 10,000 feet in it yeah
apparently after over exertion you can
have coughing bit and is actually quite
dangerous though hope I'm hoping I can
recover from this otherwise I'm oh
please can't find a medic but something
cool filled with
okay I think I've recovered still don't
feel 100% now it's really weird but we
have made our way from Dogtown this is
where they're doing this like long jump
competition where the dogs have to run
and see how far I can jump into this
pool of water
guys much fun I don't even know
what this boy does anyone know what it
is this dog dog okay these dogs are
legend we go there are no many dogfish
everywhere I think they look at this dog
of chilling in the water
we just ordered the food managed to find
a falafel surprisingly be able to have a
lot of vegan options though we found
some self happy and I'm just going to
chill anatomic all I don't think I'm
going to leave here
why some people
okay before dinner we've decided we
should probably jump in the hot tub also
I think the the heat and the steam gonna
help my throat from that little
Cottontail head over there
we left the hot cup headed to dinner the
disc or after you complete the Samaras
is very exciting I need to play for that
awesome
thank you yeah yeah oh my gosh thank you
so much
this this kind lady just caught all of
these spicy sauces Oh bro
Tallulah Bosco we don't need Tabasco
sriracha brats a hot sauce a winner of
13 national award
all right back with the bus um guys I
don't know if I've told you yet but we
have officially renamed the bus to
happiness bus just you know just to give
a little acknowledgement the route and
the fact that it was the expedition
happiness bus so yeah we need to we need
to change the branding on the side there
and we could replace these letters so I
look how much nicer is looking in here
JP and Lindsay cleaned it all up this
morning with it this morning you clean
they're incredible
it really does look so beautiful you are
going to show us all the little word
adjustments cool repairs made sure so
one of the really annoying thing was
whenever we can corner you guys would
come and it just keeps damaging it as
well as just xxx oh yeah I put on some
matches that nice and then this latches
on the side here yeah
there just was broken off at the bottom
screwed up a coat back and then one of
the most annoying things was being had
like little latches on it and they would
like while driving
somehow loosing themselves and the doors
would open and then they would like slam
against everywhere for a knitting this
completely broke off but yeah just one
here so I went and got some new latches
which are like super tight and when
they're in there is no rattle so dunno
this thing is going to be a lot quieter
while driving yeah cuz when we were
gonna have a prompt is like you threw
everything everything was shaking cool
now it's like super easy I also do will
let leather straps on here so I got some
proper handles so we can open it
sweet I don't know if you guys know but
we took the toilet out yeah this was
causing problems and we weren't ever
going to use the toilet here so we're
going to use
the storage from now on and then we
sugar cleans entire but so or like they
were like marks everywhere if it could
we fix this hinge here on this one yeah
I'm going to yeah so the whole glass is
like sugar clean they were like finger
marks everywhere and stuff though no
it's all gone thanks both appreciate it
so the plan now is guys we want to show
you the self and especially in this
condition to all be the GoPro advocates
and the team that we've been hanging out
a lot to the day they haven't got to see
the bus yet because we arrived and then
had to talk it over here so we're going
to drive back and park outside the hotel
and have a little open house the evening
will be fun we got some serious vibes
going right now we'll hear UE boom Bowl
the lights are on it's seldom that the
lights are on like this and then you're
going to see it in its old glory
so beds made up are you happy right now
I like how you're happy nobody's here
you go to the Royal definitely mess
nothing up okay we got Christian the
house have you seen the bus yet
oh my gosh bro have a look around ro no
we have a roof the boat keep walking
back row look how long look how far back
let's go
but look how sick is Benjamin look a
sickness Benjamin it's a memory foam
mattress bras no again yes I feel how
comfy this is hand tiled shower Bryce no
no nice innit
like if somebody tried for me and put me
in here I think I'm in like like a cat
like a yacht yeah yeah it's beautiful
amazing I've had a very fun evening on
the bus it's been been nice to actually
show people and host people I think
because I've been nomadic too like
however long like four years or four and
a half years like actually having a
space to avoid people and host them is
is so rare and I've missed it I've
missed it so much
so yeah it's cool and also this last few
days has been kind of crazy in terms of
like activities and doing things and
trying to get edits done and everything
it's been hard - yeah it's been hard to
get to know people so we were making
some cool connection tonight I'm going
to head to the room now and get some
editing done and I will catch you guys
in the morning
peace out joy life is at the adventure
