this morning abyss finishing off some
editing and then I'm gonna meet up with
Stephen heading to London but come and
check this out
this is really good news remember when I
got arrested and I had all this faffing
around with a courtroom in the police
station and then I had another court
date I had to go to I just received a
letter from the police saying you do not
have to attend this day this means I
don't have to go to court next week it's
all resolved it was all a big mix-up
there's not a big mistake pretty
glorious day
so we're just chillin establishes
station waiting to get a train up the
Waterloo apricot dangerous pastry is
what I want to slide down the escalator
put my toast a little bit dodgy and I
don't have passion so I'm just gonna
chill
so means they become up to kentish town
in Nick Camden in London to check out a
t-shirt for an inn company to see if I
can get some t-shirts print it literally
like a jungle in here right we're just
looking through some t-shirts and see
we're gonna put them so this is the
print floor this is where potentially
we're going to get t-shirts and stuff
printed
that's pretty cool you see we can have a
little chat now and figure out some
plans okay there's nothing I will see
them in what are you doing
what's that now gently only about a
thousand people in except for wait we're
gonna throw a clock flight training
how's functions London's get kids
bathroom
it's been cool hanging out stage I'm
actually about to head off in a few
hours to Scotland on a road trip and so
I'm gonna see Steve till next week but
it's been fun hanging out for it please
see you man
come back time before ahead of gonna
have some dinner together as a family
so wait does it does not well
more pizza for me I think it looks like
my ride has arrived
look at that guy I've got a minibus
outside his neck and that's the Beast
just wanna go I'm Nick where we going
man no no no it's gonna be cold
let's try and goes far north as we can
oh you initially we're going to the
Scottish coast I can't even pronounce
the minutes the northern clothes yeah
top top northern coast of the UK right I
am I tried to jailbreak my iPhone which
means like hack packet to get home to
get tethering internet working but I
think I broke it
it's just been doing that for like an
hour so we're a couple of hours into our
road trip to Scotland and we're just
having a little break a service station
so I haven't a few told you guys what
we're doing yet we're going up to
Scotland to visit my friends Rob and his
family I don't know half the people in
the minibus but I'm gonna get to know
them over there over the weekend and I
can't remember where in Scotland I'm
going but we're stopping in Glasgow for
breakfast and I think we're going to
Leeds now tonight to pick up two other
people back on the road
Suren leads we're picking up a few guys
picked up Alex who you may remember from
the UK double-decker bus tour I did in
the same mass and on the back they were
driving shifts a very long driving shift
all the way to peace out and during life
live the adventure boom hey guys I hope
you enjoyed that vlog from Lemmy now
this quote is actually from San Shi
Junction and it says throw your heart
how in front of you I'm run ahead to
catch it alright guys peace
