bascially me Boogedy fan following
I'll just be drop-top beautiful sunrise
this morning haven't slept well I still
like a couple of hours last night in the
way so funny stories a couple of days
ago I gave my clothes in the hotels get
washed and they never gave my jeans back
which my only pair of trousers that I
rides we did a bit of a cheeky I needed
to charge my laptop
the only plug stopped it was like ten
foot in the air so I am I find I pushed
this chair and throw to the wall and I
had to climb on top of it and then I
tiptoed and managed to plug in my power
extension cable
tonight
so long as it is the party next door
Elias poetry came and five connections
or attackers did you remember a few
weeks ago when I went to Egypt so I left
my bag and the chairman over Heathrow so
must be like at least a month later I'm
gonna try and track it down
I am I left a bag in one of the
terminals about a month ago okay
we think we've tracked it down we set
out to Terminal three now it's good to
be down a family
so now had a seminar 3 to pick up my bag
just for that wait
that's all right thanks a lot yeah and
got the bag hey go sit got your bag back
I'll bring back to America for you man
sorry sorry I lost it I can't actually
even remember what's in this bag I think
it's just inflation stuff so we've
decided to hang around in the airport
and grab some dinner
rather than sunset traffic we found a
nice little place to eat housing human
being what's been away Darcy
it's it's not actually as cold as I was
expecting I'm still rocking the shorts
and flip-flops of my ghetto began then
BAM bitch
oh that's nice some kind of spicy she
didn't stop thumbs up the Leone putting
a lien Dante
mum stops for a little work plan the
piano that's awesome
back at my parents house and I need to
chill I'm so tired
traveling is exhausting I'm having a
cheeky little bowl of Weetabix and I've
had a shave leaned up my dress and I'm
making some warm Ribena love wardrobe
inna look white pants with my son in the
kitchen this is hilarious at best why is
a fruit bowl god bless the fruit
characters in that must be Dorothy
that's so Wilson nearing the end of the
night I'm gonna answer some questions
for you guys because it's been a while
if I hadn't gone down the YouTube path
what would you love to be doing now
instead that's a really interesting
question I think I'd still be traveling
a lot I might be doing more projects
with my boom-bust the double-decker bus
I own I don't know if something kind of
community-focused and involving some
other kind of charity work I've done in
the past that get some kind of project
after all the experiences you've had
what is your advice for younger viewers
there's so much advice I could give off
the top of my head this of advice are
don't take yourself too seriously don't
be afraid of failing do things that you
really enjoy kind of don't end up just
doing stuff you don't enjoy in life
although sometimes you don't enjoy
school but just you know stick at school
stick at school and just use school as
you don't enjoy subjects just enjoy the
social aspect of it I loved school
because I just loved hanging out my
friends and having fun and stuff focus
on the positive things in your life and
try not to dwell on negative stuff and
honestly your attitude and approach to
your life can change how you feel about
everything I'm gonna wrap it up there
but it's it's been a tiring day lots of
travelling and I'm back in in London for
a few days
I think I'm going to Scotland on the
weekend anyway you can the resource them
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure the joy of life comes from our
encounters with new experiences and
hence there is no greater joy and to
have an endlessly changing horizon for
each day to have a new and different Sun
