well guys I'm Matt and this is the
Cookie Monster and you're watching fun
for Louie
Steve lent me his camera today which is
handy I'm also carrying around my DSLR
just in case this one gets stolen as
well
then I got backup but we're about to
head down to the source of the Nile
River and I'm about to jump on a bike
with Matt this area marks the place
where the Nile thought this long journey
to the Mediterranean Sea through central
and northern Uganda some sedan sedan and
Egypt it's quite impressive so the
guides already left in their boat me and
Matt gonna jump in the boat and go
ourselves to see the source
we're directly above this bubbling
source of underground water which
contributes to 30% of the source of the
Nile and the other the other 70% coming
from Lake Victoria but this is pretty
crazy without right on it now in the
boat so this is gandhi's memorial we
caught up with inner circle though in
the boat before us
like that's playing actually seeing the
source of the Nile
it's always nice seeing kind of natural
amazing things in this world I think
we're heading back to the hotel now and
grab some lunch
I think it's time to go and chill by the
pool this is my last day my last and
Uganda right we're going on a monkey
hunt again we've heard those monkeys
over here
I am so clumsy guys I messed up my foot
so bad I tripped on a rock Wow I'm gonna
have to get it sorted out my hole the
nail was come out of my toe sorry that's
too gory for you guys he just poured
methylated spirit on my toes we've got
17 Michigan students worrying about
Louie first day he's lost these phone
and his camera second days Richie's toe
apartment no he's coming back to England
nearly dead so just met some cool people
from Michigan University I'm limping
back to my room now I think I might even
get a tetanus shot
some gang an injunction now we're
getting an affordable answer to friends
we got to the two friends bar there's a
reggae kid going on today last evening
in Uganda
I just like to thank everybody for
making us feel so welcome here in ginger
ginger thank you very much I'm just
uploading my blog from yesterday still
been uploading for like four hours I've
been running around trying to find the
best internet etc I'm now sitting by the
stage at the end of the night pods in
and doing well we're 98% done so I'm
about to hop in the car to the airport
I'm saying goodbye to Steve it's been
it's been emotional man
I were just arriving at the ambulance
Oona think we've been traveling for a
few hours and yes that's the end of
today
Jenny back let's get the plane
peace out to a life live event up dude
don't climb a mountain so the world can
see you but climb a mountain so you can
see the world
