big Steve is a legend you brought me
breakfast literally just go yummy
breakfast
I've just been chilling in the room this
morning doing some editing and bits and
bobs and now I'm strolling out to eat
lunch so look I've just eaten breakfast
but we're heading into town for a little
look around so we've arrived at a market
on the place we're gonna have a look
around
we're in ginger ginger little bit Street
gambling gonna thoroughly know the game
this kid's name is Joshua looking for
some food in there
Steve just gave me some nuts we're
showing Joshua some photos of himself
I love pineapples
I guess the danger is we've come into
places is that you know you can give
people handouts or they can feel like
you're coming to do something but I
think the key is to like them help
people feel empowered to improve their
quality of life and happens hopefully if
we can encourage kind of more tourism
and ginger and he would come here and
the you know money can come into the
city and people can kind of help
themselves
it's gonna lift a bunch of bananas
truly interesting this is evident kind
of the lack of welfare but everyone's
smiling this summer color someone
culture I love it I love it enjoy in
ginger I guess the concern is that
people feel like we're coming in as
white Westerners and we're just like
looking at people living in worst
conditions and arson lights which I hope
hopefully that isn't what comes across
like I'm just fascinated by a different
culture you know in this and how people
do things in Uganda so I don't know it's
cool to meet people and find out their
stories and not just common like peer
into people's lives like tonight making
a feel uncomfortable or embarrassed or
anything
there's a lot I think we can learn from
other cultures
I love these makeshift roof they don't
like plastic bags and oh wow look at
this and this is a stomach just a bunch
of bird carcasses hanging around yeah
what's your name
I'm Louis chilies and ginger okay how's
code slick around the market I think
we're gonna stroll around a bit now it's
the Main Street peaceable people maybe
so on Friday and Saturday we're doing
this project where we're gonna be
painting a lot of the the buildings in
this city bright colors and apparently
we're painting like 67 buildings of
something which is quite a big feat
considering that's one building that'll
take me like three days to paint on its
own some of my viewers were saying that
the money spent on paint and like the
ice swimming stuff could be used to feed
and like people like that was a response
to that yeah you could you could feed
Africa with the money but what we're
trying to do is and we can sort out the
town centre making up nice and that
brings in more tourism and that brings
money to the area of jobs so it's a long
term for this year it's not I mean you
could give money to these guys to feed
them but what's happening next week or
next year so this is prior long-term
program to put ginger up there on that
I think me and Matt are going to go back
instead of in the taxi on the back of
one of these bikes let's jump on yeah
the Nile resorts having the time within
awesome awesome bike ride much more
exciting than the taxi ride a true
Ugandan experience
car broke down and what there was a
giant it was a lion lawyer or maybe just
cause the slower the motorbikes
I look at this guy
I would I would eat anybody if he hadn't
been scurrying around on the floor does
anyone know where the cockroaches can
fly because it looks like he's got wings
but we found happy yards he can fly
let's fly nice fly this is like pretty
deadly luck for you nasty devices she
liked to flip it out the right way
tonight is the night of the insects well
I think the bed it's been quite an
amazing day actually it's been cool to
look around ginger and don't forget to
go and subscribe to big Steve's Channel
see some of the videos they're making
bit higher end production but it's oh my
gosh I destroyed that component yeah
that's the other thing about tonight
it's been like invasion of insects now
anyway peace out
enjoy life live adventure boom
you
