we don't have sounds away
enjoy that every day
and yeah you're waxy
so I'm wondering over breakfast and it
is incredibly sunny hopefully I won't
get burned today I should probably put
some Sun cream leaves a bit of a legend
the first ice and breakfast for me
because they packed it all away by the
time I got down there because I had
another little eye here still out by the
pool just catching some catching some
Sun hopefully not too much stuff look at
these kids they're probably thinking why
all the white people lying out on some
Lincoln
all right it's lunchtime it's probably a
good idea for me to get out of a Sun
let's a monkey monkey this is the
balcony right right yeah right just meet
some of the locals lunchtime oh yeah
the monkeys come back cheeky little
monkey
they did a monkey he thinks he knows its
name he was calling it here monkey this
is the life having dinner overlooking
the Nile feeding monkeys I wanna be a
monkey I love monkeys
who remembers this to the island of
naboombu it some more monkeys
some just playing some Scrabble with
some local kids by the swimming pool so
this girl Katie she's like foster being
a foster mom to all of these kids that
have come today and we just played
Scrabble and chat they're little but
she's pretty inspirational I might go
and see if I can see the house she's
running with all the kids and stuff
later in the week but I'm gonna link her
website below and you guys can check out
what she's doing and you know just just
yeah be inspired
you just got a laptop club going on for
a little bit Matz take me upstairs
apparently it's a great view oh yeah how
did it have a not benefit
so beautiful
so guys turns out I got a little bit
burnt today look at my tan line I'm
hoping that doesn't completely burn I
think it's just like Hilton Hotel it's
cool it's cool it's dinner time
well I'm just gonna go and get some
shoes on and then we're heading out
somewhere good night fun I'll just pop
back to the room look all these geckos
on the outside just by my room one two
three five it's probably more a munch
not those flies you know I'll get in the
taxi and we're heading to some place
called suppose - friends - friends
get a little chocolate cake and ice
cream for dessert
this is really nice another chilled
night at the bar it's nice it's nice to
get a little chocolate cake and ice
cream and later
there's been another awesome day I love
seeing those little monkeys and I loved
me in Katie that was just like one of
the most incredible people I've ever met
and I've checked out her website and
stuff like that and she's got a YouTube
channel and she's put some videos up of
things she's done and I'm gonna link you
to a video now cuz I just think it is
incredible so you can wash I'll put in
the description you you watch that watch
that because it is inspiring and
hopefully this week I'm gonna get to go
and visit the home where she's like
fostering the kids and stuff of that and
you guys can see some of that but yeah
so far it's just been an awesome time
here and it's been an awesome time here
in ginger and I'm really looking forward
to the rest of the week it's a peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
hi my name is Alex and I'm gonna leave
you with a quote by Audrey Hepburn
remember if you ever need a helping hand
you'll find one at the end of your arm
as you grow older you'll realize that
you have two hands the first for helping
yourself and the second for helping
others
