oh yeah so half I Ella it will say Isis
chingu fun for me so I've arrived in
Uganda
this is also
hopefully with some await me I usually
try to not check luggage though I just
can do all hand luggage it's the best
way no waiting around it's a bit of a
long shot they might be waiting for me
but you know someone's there these are
always a bump
so don't know where I am
we've just been driving for half an hour
or so from the airport I think we're
thinking someone off and heading to
apparently a TV station in the capital
where the guys I'm coming to me are
doing like some kind of TV interview on
the Ugandan television so the roads are
mental
absolutely mental I kind of feel in a
bit of a daze so I've just met general
mega D he's a Ugandan musician and we're
driving are we going to the TV we're
going to the TV station to meet the
other guys yeah good to be a Louie yeah
I welcome you one cause one people one
love we're moving in ciao
so what cities it's from Bella yes don't
bother
it is compiled on the other side of them
that's me Vincent one minute
you
so we've arrived at the Ugandan TV
station yeah and you need lots of pain
is in their main okay here it is big
space for all yes I'm not gonna remember
us no yeah yeah guys just to let you
know everything's so mean Steve met last
yeah yeah in London
Steve contacts me for YouTube he's some
doing some stuff on a channel in Sweden
but tell everyone what's going on here
like what's this whole trip about right
so we're in Uganda we met the mayor of
ginger which is a city we're going to
and he came over with 30 delegates from
Uganda
and these people are happiest people in
the world and it kind of started off as
a joke why don't you come to yeah
Uganda and do what you're doing because
I'm from England I'm born in London and
I moved to Sweden
I went on holiday to swim to meet a
friend and ended up Stan and we made we
started a YouTube channel with me trying
Swedish stuff
yeah and I'll link you guys in the
description you've got to check out his
channel as well and so we're here it's
all about tourism really it's a we're
not getting paid for it we're going to
paint in just right we've done three
events we're going to have the first
African ice room so I'm going to see the
little Africans freeze to dip in the
water like ice we
so that's going to be fun and then we
end it all with a big carnival within a
circle you guys might not know they are
but they've done a lalalala long a
lalalala long do that tune so it's just
going to be fun
I've never been to Africa like me and
you already see the poverty on the telly
like me you got to come it's a fantastic
player now we're heading to ginger which
is where the projects happen we're going
in this this guy
so just pulled over and they've jumped
at our time by 1/10 look at these
chickens
let's get into some shorts and
flip-flops because it's pretty cooking
hot I do love the heat but it's not a
jeans ting
I'm fired then sleeve loads on the plane
line right cooks banana this is quite
nice yeah glorious the source of the
Nile is only a kilometer that way it's
crazy so we've arrived at the hotel I
think I'm going to try and lie down for
a little bit
strike at my legs just have a little
rest but it seems pretty nicely this is
like tons of ice there that's going to
go in for this big ice swimming thing
I'm sure that's a rare sight in the
middle of Africa and the ice swimming
yeah competition yeah I'm just settling
in look at this literally walk out my
hotel room the Nile is just here what a
view what beautiful view I'm I'm gonna
have a little nap though I do need a nap
so woke up to this band rehearsal is you
heard those drummers and I've now
managed to get a little worm a little
bit to eat from the buffet so it's
nearing the end of the night I've had an
amazing day in Uganda and I'm really
excited about the next 10 days here in
you guys should be too right I'm gonna
leave you with something to ponder about
there are two ways of spreading light to
be the light itself or the mirror that
reflects it
