hey my name is DF and I have a YouTube
channel called cream and Edith and
you're watching and fun for Louie it's
quarter to nine in the morning
I'm just getting our stuff together what
about the head off drive back to the UK
I just needed to return the little cards
and then we're heading off well we're
finally off so we've stopped off in
Bruges for some lunch Emily
we're having some fast food we need to
eat fast because we're gonna have to
catch our ferry in Calais and you know
we haven't got a lot of time it's like a
fly by Bruges visit yes no parking
ticket I know what happened but wow you
snuck onto the ferry why is she what she
said oh she's she's stopping us now
what she surgeongeneral them she did say
but though I did say directly directly
yeah yeah I thought he was like telling
to get on the ferry I just said I was
hoping to get on this ferry that's
awesome we were supposed to wait an hour
and a half and then we just snuck on
this guy
I hope this goes to David like this
might go to ports before so ever no no
hang on that's why they date this port
Smith is still closer okay
they're just all apart from the port
some of crossing six hours we had an ice
fairy journey we're just driving back
from Dover I supposed to be going to
Uganda tomorrow I think then I check
flights information and it's cheaper of
a book a flight today oh it's not
cheaper base less hassles like direct
flight so I'm just trying to pick up my
phone that could be crazy kiss I might
go home and then leave for the airport
in two hours I'm kind of exciting as
well
so it's ten to six I've booked a flight
for 9:00 p.m. from Heathrow
I haven't actually spoken to the guy
who's invited me to Uganda so I don't
even know he's going to be waiting for
me when I get there so you know ten days
and you got muscles people have been to
either way isn't it
we're back temporarily Dave's hitting on
just receive my boarding pass on an
email and I'm about to get dropped at my
parents house and they're gonna give you
a lift to be thrown pretty much right
away we're gonna have a quick dinner
with the family then we're driving to
the airport and off on the next
adventure probably what just puts a
flyer like we'd like two hours notice
sorry I'm not gonna be around Darcy just
had a quick shave don't mix it down it's
the gate polonaise
it's seven o'clock now and we're on the
way to the airport
hopefully I'll make my flight left right
so here we are maybe forever
rushed lazy babe got my boarding pass is
easy so I arrived at the gate and we're
boarding and you have about to jump on
the plane to Uganda
so in their delicious meal I've also
managed a black 3:6
the whole row six which I'm gonna be
sleeping on later
so about halfway through the flight and
I thought I probably owe you guys an
explanation of why I'm going to Uganda
randomly and it's been something I've
been considering for a while but I
hadn't liked them they see there's a
charity project going another that my
friend Steve who's a youtuber from
Sweden and his team involved with and
they invited me out and I wasn't sure
whether I was going to go or no I
couldn't the last couple of days I was
sending some messages and I was like
yeah I'll probably come along and and
then I looked the flights on the way
back from Dover in the car and saw there
was a flight leaving tonight just jumped
on the plane problem is I haven't got
confirmation from them now they know I'm
coming so I could have right Airport and
have no one there I know the town name
that projects happening
but it could be now I can't find the guy
so I don't know what's gonna happen run
around
to be a bit crazy
the knife let's say so I'm heading off
to sleep
see you guys Uganda tomorrow before a
date I'll leave you guys with a bit of a
line of it there twice hope you guys
enjoyed the video just remember you can
pick your friends you can pick your nose
but you can't pick your friends nose
