hello I'm sorry and you're watching fun
for Louie
and that was Mont Blanc so we were
telling the pets we need to refuel the
first so we're heading off to the petrol
station yeah oh boy
it's one of those stupid put your card
in at the petrol station things and it
it doesn't work none of our cards work
so I've better hurry everyone's shoot
off down the road to try and find
another place good morning ila ila
morning Dave hello we're now heading to
catch the bus into Amsterdam that I some
kind of music festival going on
we just caught a taxi to the train
station and now we're waiting for the
other to get here and then we're gonna
get a train is fun I'm just lying in the
Sun bus way we couldn't buy tickets to
the station so you're trying to pay the
conductor but they're trying to fleece
us with finally after ages got to the
main station in Amsterdam we're waiting
for a friend we're gonna go for some
lunch and then we're gonna hit this
festival thing we've heard about but
yeah spelling out for you around the
nice day this is our friend someone
translate that I don't know what you say
that's the biggest bicycle I've ever
seen in my life just to clarify together
don't know and slam isn't just about
weed and prostitutes is actually a
beautiful city
so we found a little spot by the canals
we're gonna stop get some lunch
Justina just got to finish lunch I think
some people are going for a bit of an
explore around the city but I just want
to chill out so I'm going to walk down
to the park see what's going on down
there
so I've arrived at Webster Park and then
we just chilling out in the Sun with
Tigers and sunbathing
- this little festival things awesome
just free festival we've just been
chilling in the Sun all day now just go
a little crap knock hello crap we're now
heading to dinner I'm going to try to
find a restaurant now see all of us
we've just taken over a whole restaurant
check this out everyone in this room is
up our little just getting off
food I don't think this restaurant know
we're here we funnel with yes
well I think this is the best time that
we'll be together so just to say come in
and making it and do it again are you
what you're saying about that man that's
all about the people who knows about
them
exactly exactly I think it's very easy
sometimes to take friendships for
granted I think with our group of
friends it's very easy that we've all
known each other for years but it has
been an awesome fundraising so jumping
back on the train now we're back at our
local station where we need to try to
find a way back and they're like a taxi
or something there's no taxi so we're
going to walk back because there's far
too many of us for Dave's car
so Dave came and picked us up very kind
of him while still walking thanks Dave
it's been a pretty awesome day today
going into Amsterdam hanging out with
everyone like I'm saying earlier I do
just forget sometimes how amazing it is
having such a wide group of friends and
I haven't been able to introduce you to
everyone individually because a lot of
them don't get the YouTube thing and
might not want to be a part of it all
but yeah these are group of friends have
had since way before I was doing YouTube
you know a lot of them I've known almost
my whole life so it's great to kind of
catch up with people again tomorrow
we're gonna do a long day at the water
park so that should be pretty awesome
I've managed to get hold of a waterproof
camera as well which is handy because
this guy would never survive see you
tomorrow
it's gonna be a fun day again peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
