good morning guys today the first day of
the gopro mountain games and we're about
to head out on a bike ride is my bike my
crew for the morning also I'm vlogging
the entire day on a GoPro so it's gonna
be fun okay I'm here Chris
yeah yeah we spoke to today dopey yeah
in Tempe really do you like my
customized rig
this is already the most picturesque
cycle ride I've ever been on
and it started glorious there as well do
you think I have enough GoPros you may
have noticed I have three GoPros rolling
right now chest mount a karma grip on
the handlebars and then my selfie stick
and then you can see I've actually got a
external mic linked in with
lower-density I'm really experimenting a
lot over this week how viable GoPros are
vlog on that you know I'm used to
blogging on bigger more expensive
cameras but I think there's yeah I'm
interested to see how well can the
footage comes out I definitely use
GoPros a lot but just more specific
stuff like hands-free things so I would
normally see on a GoPro Watson cycling
but not normally talking to camera and
yeah obviously there's some limitations
done yeah give me Sun and this is the
perfect day to shoot as well
some of the houses around here are a
mint take tech check that out so
beautiful so just arrived at a sports
field and this is the Karma station
where they've got a few of the karma
drones that we're going to be able to
fly I haven't had a chance to fly one
yet so I'm looking forward to this so
before we fly the drone we've come over
to this station where they did a little
electric go-kart and we're going to be
filming with the Karma grip check these
out
so there's a obstacle course here JP's
is like navigating around on the trike
yes ROH oh my gosh oh it looks amazing I
haven't ever ridden on a drift trike
before bro drift those corners brows
I just
it is unbelievably
okay this is the Karma drawing you guys
might have seen in my blog the other day
we got to be shot to death but this is
my first time flying it this is going to
be fun I know what the board it's been
estimated and this is up and down a mess
together
okay guys I got a little bit excited and
managed to crash the drone yeah I was
flying in sports mode and basically just
nosedive into the floor thankfully it's
okay and the GoPro survived but that was
a little bit silly of me
I've just ducked in the charging station
and this big truck
check out these batteries out yeah come
believe you got toys anyone obvious are
these in them guns and the garrison fly
everybody wants to fly and there's some
backup drones here okay so someone city
crashes one okay we're heading to our
next activity now we're going to do some
whitewater kayaking thankfully we get
dry seat so we're not going to be too
cold in the water and it's a very warm
day now oh I haven't put any Sun cream
on bro
okay guys we have a problem as you know
I can pretty much never fit a helmet on
my head and it's always like a fluke
when I do manage to unfortunately today
is not one of those days none of these
helmets behind me fit me so I can't go
on a kayak because there's a danger of
rolling and hitting your head on the
rocks
but why I'm going to be able to do is
jump in on one of the the rafts with one
of the guys making sure we don't capsize
and hopefully I'll be able get some cool
shots on that
I am out the Droid suit that was a very
quick little session on the river but it
was a lot of fun I enjoyed it and yeah I
think we're going to grab some lunch now
take master plan it's been a very
eventful morning went for a cycle ride
winners and drift likes crash 2 drowned
and went kayaking ok we are taking a
stroll through the town and I've just
seen it's awesome but we're going to
have a little look inside awesome
our company loves to save miss its
vehicles and put them on the road and
that we do bowls and platters review
trucks into my back to the opportunity
to do a bus like this at the history and
it was really really cool don't really
bring it back to what it needs me guys
like all the original buttons and their
whole original - why to keep as much as
we could when we built it oh well thanks
for showing me around bro yes ma'am yeah
sure laughs but we just found one of
these games - hammer Bell game I don't
know what they called it we've been over
the dinger here for one hand possible
should I go go BB go then you'll engage
our Hodgman
device oh and I left handed and left
handed
that's gonna be hard oh we're going to
go double handed first okay oh yeah and
I think I'm going to get arrested
this is so chill like this whole thing
is it's so nice
further moments of life with people just
like no chore this is not one of them
we've sat down for lunch with all the
boys how's your money means I'm polish
and a GoPro glove I don't know how its
handling in at low light bar right go
check out this dog oh okay Oh
tell him no okay I'm going for a little
cruise on the booster board have arrived
I'm actually going to find the bus
JP parking somewhere out here I need to
try and get our battery disinfect this
is the inverter from our bus the goal
zero inverter and I just found the gold
zero guys I'm going to see if I can have
a look at it he's addicted somehow or at
least tell us how right I've left the
gold zero unit with the girl that works
there and she's going to hopefully sort
out by the weekend so for the drive back
to LA we're going to have power whilst
driving without having to run the
generator which is good news Sunday
evening hanging with everyone I actually
ducked away from dinner early because I
wanted to follow all the UK election
stuff that was happening and my vlogs
coming out a couple of days after it'll
happen but yeah kind of amazing that
Labour had such a big bounce back but
yeah I don't really know what's happened
yet because I think they're still
figuring things out maybe it's been
figured out by the time I upload this
but yeah I just been hiding right in the
rim following that catching up some
edits and oh yeah also guys as you can
see I stupidly went out in the Sun today
forgot to put some cream on in the
morning and I wore my bandana so I've
got this ridiculous town line so I'm
going to try and somehow get rid of
tomorrow but I'm sure you're all
laughing at me and also I'm very happy
that I've managed to vlog the whole down
a GoPro so let's see how it turns out
but let me know below whether you like
it what you do like about the GoPro
shots and yeah it's just whether you
think it's a viable option for vlogging
that'd be cool and I'll catch you in the
morning it's a very exciting thing I
want to show you a new thing that GoPro
releasing and I'll tell you about it
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
