hi my name is Brad I'm from the United
States of America and on the Great
Barrier Reef in Queensland Australia
when they're watching funky Roy
good morning guys it is early it is not
even 6 a.m. and we have woken up to come
see the sunrise I actually only got one
hours sleep but I'm pretty impressed the
whole team of here how you guys doing
yeah none of us really slept much
actually Sam you've let the mind event
like 10:30 my car I was ready to drive
and JP was like nah man you have to see
for yourself
yeah we we managed to find somewhere
just out of the National part where
we're going to be able to take the grown
up
Oh
we jump back in the bus
we've cruised into the State Park look
at this insane that you have found this
is just epic
it feels low in the Grand Canyon I don't
know what state park this is I should
probably have a look but breathtaking
right climbs onto the bus for that
classic shot we're all going to sit on
the edge and then hopefully slightly
drawing up there somewhere and get that
amazing backdrop it's very hard guys to
gauge like how far away those rocks are
it is just immense just the scale of
this Canyon Kharma away just taking the
Karma drone up for a little spin
but look here contain we roll a
spectacle ah try
let's get I will try and drive it I know
Cooper basketball this is literally you
though like at the beginning of Mexico
your life knows Evan I'd never do the
buses are pranking me by night all right
easy easy
we've come back to collect the RV how
you guys doing you ready for a little
Drive
Sam's joining them he's doing a little
laptop Club a little bit more luxury in
here right we are heading to Hot Springs
I think they're a few hours away
hopefully we'll get till there it's
funny thinking about going to chill and
hot springs in this weather because it's
sweltering new health but I still love
the hot water
jay-z's going to do another drive I'm
just finishing my vlog well as usual guy
JP has been an absolute legend and he's
driving most the day it's finally my
turn
JP deserves little rest we've probably
got another hour and a half till we get
to where the mountain games is happening
in the Vale unfortunately between dots
at the hot springs we were going to stop
at the hot springs but we'll have to do
that on the way back and also is it hot
talk but I got a lot of work done guys
I'm going to get a vlog even though like
the bus no box here my trying to move my
mouse and clicking the wrong thing it's
very frustrating but I managed to do it
I'm rendering now and hopefully by the
time to get life and upload
well guys with 45 minutes away I had to
pull over cuz I'm very drowsy which is
what happens when you pull an
all-nighter editing and gals summarize
and I think the daily vlogging lifestyle
for me works with like going to see
sunrises a lot anyway we've pulled over
a little rest doc or hoping they have
coffee here because although I've had a
couple of rebels that I haven't had a
coffee yet we're right
now where are places and all know where
we're gonna go from talked about I think
they have a spot for us up - drop our
bags Oh sir this is crazy this is like a
ski town it's considerably colder
and I just thought raining from
Oh
okay this is where we're staying guys
okay we are going out to dinner
everyone's right all of the GoPro
advocates and Buster's from around the
world this is Chris Rogers all the way
from South Africa we've been meeting to
me and we're finally now that you're
going to be an amazing week guys I'm
really glad do this also look where we
are
this is like the most picturesque little
town look at the mountains over there
and you stay to have your here and it is
impermissible around the world so
hopefully you're all feeling good enough
to be here my name's Leo Johnson I'm the
senior director of social media so I had
to team up and I know that you've been
watching with my wonderful team so it is
a shout out expression around the cross
it's wonderful ladies
so the welcome event has started and
we've just been told that we can come
and collect off my show that it that
they've printed out our photos on little
board Miller I should sound mine yeah
check this out
nothing to buy in the Burj Khalifa we've
just Huck outside Sam is hosting the
first-ever Instagram live on the GoPro
we can tell you big deal because they
have 12 million followers on the account
we literally did like a five minute walk
our twenty five thousand viewers here
grow you know that don't you
I just converted it as a life I'm going
Thank you very
I'm so proud of you to grow a channel my
inner Louie's right back from dinner we
need to charge a few batteries before I
go to bed
we've set up a proper workstation and
also I've just kotas best on our beds
there's like the GoPro bag and I'm gonna
have to take a little look inside
check this out GoPro jacket or GoPro
towel that's handy because I haven't got
a towel
oh this if or like all these accessories
Oh another another GoPro v assess
Oh hi-yah double battery charger not a
selfie stick
Wow good these SD cards little battery
pack oh my gosh
so many goodies ah quite exciting isn't
it getting all those gifts Thank You
GoPro for firstly inviting me to the
mountain games and secondly giving me
all the GoPro things I'm looking forward
to testing the cameras I've been like
using GoPros for a while mainly for
specific parts of my vlogs about being
like you know riding a bike or weather
but I'm going to try some yeah I'm gonna
try and push them to their limits and
yeah we'll see we'll see it will be fun
hanging out with so many other like
GoPro advocates and ambassadors and
these guys like know how to use that
GoPros to the to the best you know in
the best way so there's lots of people
to ask advice from and collaborate with
and it's going to be a really really fun
week and I can't wait you guys - yeah
see what we get out - I'm asleep now
because I am very tired see in the
morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
