my name is Jack and welcome to fun
fillory
so today I'm going for a meeting with
channel flip so just put the train up
and I'm gonna make a job for the
underground
that's the way to get down the
escalators
I love central London up MidCentral
under
Oh
so I've just come out of a meeting with
channel flippers that was nice nice to
catch up
Barney's get some clothes I'm running
out of place so don't have it
that's some shopping and now I'm gonna
find something to eat and so I'm very
glad I got some clothes again now I
literally lost all of them all right so
they're cheeky McDonald's probably
another best thing to eat but I was
desperate
so I'm on the Strand at the moment it's
our street in London very famous I used
to bring my bus down here
we used to give out food to the homeless
people that live in the area but
Westminster Council has made it illegal
to give food time there's people on the
street that's pretty crazy isn't it so I
decided to walk back to the catch of
trees to walk slow just cuz I quite
enjoy walking around the streets of
London a little bit Nicola
hey mom how's your day been
I prefer being work it's less stressful
yeah I'm heading out now with my friend
Steve gonna have some fun see the bet
the problem with living out of London is
there's no late-night coffee shop so it
comes to this like 24-hour services
station and I think there might be like
zebras there's like a Starbucks opens up
the going is recognizing me from my Food
Channel yes and he said he'll give us a
lot of free if I eat a coffee cake which
is like the compressed coffee granules I
guess so I'm going to give that laughing
I wish nothing was easier look at that
guy because little hockey puck is gonna
be disgusting
I should've chosen one that's a bit more
wet mate you're not gonna sleep tonight
I'm not gonna sleep tonight now I am
buzzing of caffeine now
me and Steve are the only ones upstairs
because there's like a barrier and we
just walk past it I'm thinking we could
like probably make some kind of sport up
here in Starbucks the coolest furniture
to make forceless I think a Starbucks
cool
yeah
Oh Steve what you're saying about 25
Starbucks in Coburn broth it's good man
I'm liking that what you got there I've
got a little raspberry put out there and
you're get compote late night late night
yogurt I'll give you a ring tomorrow
yeah yeah I love Steve guys I'm gonna
have to break in to my parents at this
because we didn't bring a key and it's
2:00 in the morning so I managed to get
into my parents house and I'm gonna head
off to sleep now but it's been a fun day
it's cool um looking around London a bit
and then chillin with Steve this evening
and I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure babe
