it's my hundredth vlog today how awesome
is that
and as I said I'm gonna do a Q&A
throughout the day as I'm kind of doing
stuff I'll stop and check my phone and
yeah let's see let's see what the first
question is the first question is will I
come to Australia yes I'm planning to
come to Australia maybe maybe we'll do a
little work tour with all the boys right
I'm going downstairs to have some lunch
was what's for lunch today I can't quite
believe this but it's actually an
incredibly beautiful day in England it's
not a cloud in the sky it's another
question is once by me to make vlogs I
think I've always been making videos and
wanting to document my lie and it's been
saying that's come natural to me I don't
really know what started I guess yeah I
guess just wanting to share my life with
people and and have a record of
something and the fact that I enjoy
videoing it kind of made sense it was my
most favorite memory and it's got to be
I was in Kenya four or five years ago
and we went to a displacement camp after
this kind of kind of civil war kind of
thing that happened and we were in a
tent with a couple of hundreds of young
kids that I guess didn't have much and
we were dancing and playing drums and
there's this sunshiny through the town
there was just this amazing vibe and we
would just you know these kids were just
happy you know amongst all this stuff
they were going through it's just such
an incredible kind of privilege to share
that moment and so I think that's one of
my favorite memories what happened to my
jungle bedroom well my dad decided after
a few years and after I'd moved out my
parents house to paint it all white and
take it all apart and change into his
office so that's what happened if I
could eat one food for the rest of my
life I would eat curry someone said do I
want to settle down and have my own
family I definitely do want to have my
own family I don't like the concept of
settling down
maybe one day I'll feel a little less
than a mannequin both eyes definitely
still feel I'll have a passion for
traveling so as asked how I stay happy
all the time I'm not happy all the time
this there's ups and downs but I think
something I've learned in life is to
search for a deeper contentment and not
to try to chase after these kind of
cheap thrills and and kind of just a
short-term kind of pleasure things but
to realize you know life's deeper than
that and you know I think I've
definitely found the deeper contentment
which means even if the day's going
badly deep down I'm feeling still
feeling good so it's such a nice day I
decided to go for a little walk and my
friend Ben we went down for a coffee at
Costa and now I'm heading back home and
I think Ben is gonna take me out
kayaking in the next couple of weeks
which is fine
this weather is giving me hope they hope
that a summers coming cool if you see
that is it seen a bit yes just got asked
what's the most romantic thing I've done
for a girl I once wrote a song and
recorded it and then walked over and
gave this song to this girl and it's all
about her and stuff and it was yes
pretty romantic do you think possums are
cute yes if I wasn't doing YouTube what
would I be doing probably still doing
stuff of my double-decker bus running
kind of youth projects with that around
London and maybe doing traveling
probably traveling still just maybe not
videoing it or who and YouTube inspires
me the most I think with video quality
and kind of exciting videos I think
Devin Supertramp is a big inspiration to
me
how tall am I am 6 foot 5 almost what
have you got for dinner for us tonight
it's salmon cooked in white wine we've
heard and roasted tomatoes full of new
potatoes because that's been you
requested just having an after-dinner
coffee and I'm here with my French
darlings come to hang out okay
me and Anna gonna go over see Alan and
jump in the hot tub Allen and Dave house
so I've just arrived Alan's house I
think Dave's gone out we're gonna just
about to jump in the hot tub and it
looks like they're filming singing here
oh hello PJ hey what what you don't say
he's just a guy with a guitar what could
be not to today Alan are we filmed
actually film my new video my new vlog
for tomorrow Alan what it's my is my new
vlog why is PJ reading Dracula in the
hot tub with a seat on there these guys
to the video okay anyway we're gonna go
take a game in a hot tub since Austria
do you like hot tubs that oh I got a few
more questions and Twitter
like 600 how do I manage to be so chill
about everything I think something I've
learned in life is not to get stressed
out or offended or let things kind of
affect you too much I think it's
important sometimes to be like really
tolerant and kind of learn good lessons
let things bounce off you so I think
it's an important lesson I've learned
just to be so chilled and and relaxed in
life what made me switch from doing food
for Louie to fun for Louie I think for
me sharing each day of my life and my
attitude and things I'm up to and kind
of my friends and my adventures is
something I'm enjoy a lot more than
doing they're kind of Greg's eating
stunts and you know I acknowledge that
is what got me into YouTube and it's
helped it's been helpful stepping stone
into doing stuff I really enjoy and I
probably will still doing food for Louie
but it's not my primary passion so it's
but how how does it feel knowing people
see me as a role model I think it's
really cool seeing myself as a role
model and I'm not perfect
obviously there's things about me which
are great and I don't take it example
and all of my life but I think being
someone that's looked up to or some kind
of I guess a public figure I think I
enjoy knowing that I can actually do
things and lead an example in my life
which I believe to be a good way to live
and to encourage you guys too and I look
at a lot of kind of celebrities or
mainstream kind of well-known people and
I just think are they're just leading
such a bad example they're just making
decisions which are so destructive for
themselves and also all the people that
look up and say I think it's important
to know that people look up to you and
that you need to have some kind of
integrity in your life
Boateng kebab yes both yes yes does
anyone else in love Rio it's such a good
drink a night collapse celebra some back
home that's a really nice time in the
hot tub it's been so fun answering all
your questions today and yeah hundreds
100 blogs and hopefully hundreds more
are thinking as I continue the vlogs
that'd be great to include you guys more
as an audience I was thinking it'd be
cool if you wanted to inbox me like a
video clip of you welcoming my channel
just saying like hey my name is whatever
your name is and say welcome to fun for
Louie and then I could just put those
clips at the beginning of my vlog so
yeah just inbox me on Facebook follow me
on Facebook and I'll check my other
folder and yeah it'll be a cool way to
evolve you guys and yeah see how that
goes
but it's been cause being fun peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
