yeah so I'm going over to see Jack and
Finn today I haven't seen them since
Florida I think playlist that's going to
be fun if you like my breakfast I've got
em some chocolate and a Red Bull one
tool
Jack just takes to be saying can we be a
little bit later so I stopped and rang
and the he met the other day going runs
a charity and said shot pop blasts
they're like these on the way so I'm
going to go see Emily for a little bit
where are we Andy we are on the
alternate stone my Hampton outside
regenerated please pilot for the closing
moments is an office this dogs called
bezel hello diesel I think it scared me
oh yeah it's hot baths on mini bus yeah
this pitch is when we went to Romania
are you being a monkey what you're doing
I'm making a video what you doing it
yeah I'm fixing up while commenting but
put in some nice clothes it's great time
Oh beautiful job nice what do you think
of what being is in for the community I
think it is good it's good
this is our little juice bar basically a
youth club it's open the evenings we
used to run this little coffee shop
thing in here it's like a little trial
project but do you remember when I was
in LA I visited homeboy industries it is
that a bakery and then if you've seen my
LA vlog but tell him about your plans
with yeah we're going to basically we
want to start a new enterprise the young
people coming out for it and coming out
games coming out of the whole
drug-dealing lifestyle young people that
wanna change we're gonna set up a
business with a cell cafe and a bakery
hopefully Putney High Street which
you've all got come to it's gonna be a
few months time before
yeah which is one eye we're trying to
help create opportunities and hopefully
young people give them a second job
that's exciting isn't it so yeah I'll
keep you guys updated I'm going to come
and be coming down here and just see how
everything's going and helping out and
that yeah I just encourage you guys to
get involved stuff that's happening
locally to you trying to find out I can
try and help but you guys are just
trying to find out what's going on in
your local area and get involved in
volunteering status you know we can
change the world together I think it's
had a really good impact my life gained
a bowl with some of the charity stuff
around here it kind of changes how you
your whole perspective on the world and
people I'm just popping it to our old
house and singer than email link he
lives in my old house a cat called
Charlie hello Charlie oh you cat eye
such a nice community around her kind of
miss it
we're now heading off to go in there and
see Jack and Finn for this secret
project I'm helping with
so I'm here with Jack and Finn and we're
working on a secret project which
involves getting some wood is a good bit
of wood yeah so who is the advisor I am
I can't divulge what it this is what's
happening here but we're constructing
something obviously you need to go and
get the chains and whips and the leather
outfit sorceress you know oh you know
about that yeah sure that's why they've
got me into advice on the chainsaw works
we're gonna get short one and together
okay cool yeah and then just get some
gasoline what do you think what do you
guys think what'd you lose log we're
doing speculate in the comments what you
think our assets gonna be fun yeah
you're not going to like Jack releasing
this video in six months so we've had a
really good day it's filming a secret
video which you guys will find out about
when all the whips and the chains and
though we've established that yeah yeah
yeah and we're now going to go and eat
it gourmet burger kitchen we've met up
with Darcy and Sophie
we got some peanuts but we've kind of
made a bit of a mess I got a spicy
burger and I'm going to add some fire
sauce as well what do you girls got I
have a burger he's a king of Africa what
are you gonna fit so big make a cheesy
burger thing and it's gonna get
destroyed
hi we are all gonna destroy seem like
such skinny chicken really like a little
chick look at my bad witches leave boy
that's chips maybe she do is halibut
there we just had an awesome meal ah so
good and now we're going to drop Darcy
and Sophie at the train station did you
enjoy your GBK so did I a big food belly
now yeah
by oh we've had a fun evening and now
we're going on a little skate on the
penny board Penny Ward if you're
watching this I think you should send
Louie a custom penny board review record
I want to go to like a Home Depot and
get like a handle and then like screw it
onto my penny board yeah and now I can
just hold it till the doctor cool with
that we really whiz that's the other
thing and Bo Johnson Mayor of London if
you're watching and you smooth out
pavements that'd be awesome
cheers so just before Louie goes home we
thought we'd try one life thing it's a
very bad idea but it's going to be
another fun it's known as skitching
which is where you hold onto the back is
an American word things you hold onto
the back of a car in this case are very
old Nissan Micra whilst on a skateboard
and then you get taken a lot my god
well it's hard to balance yeah
bear in mind we are going down it this
is nuts it's what we do and I this is
more fun than sleeping I how far would
you go like this can we go on our long
drive okay okay do you want that false
what does a porthole floor doing and
sketching is I smell again
I smell again that was fun
all right so I end this vlog for Louie
I'll end it and then he can use it if we
want so that's the end of the night it's
been awesome to see Louie and make sure
you go to our channel check out the
mysterious video that we're shooting
today or down or whatever thanks Lou
giving us an awesome day get home safe
see you later blog I was so gonna let
Jack end my vlog then but I just
remembered I needed to tell you guys
something tomorrow is my a hundredth
vlog on my fun flowy Channel and a lot
of you asked if I could do a question
and answer thing for the hundredth blog
so I've decided throughout the day
tomorrow I'm going to be checking my
Twitter and answering any questions you
guys have about me in my life and stuff
so if you could tweet me hashtag ask
Louie Cole and I'll I'll be checking
that throughout the day tomorrow and
just you can check in the description
for the hashtag and yeah as they come in
I'll be answering them whilst getting on
my day so it should be a fun vlog but
anyway it's been a good night and it's
been a good day with the boys but and
peace out
