so I'm late to meet a friend so better
hurry is my parent's car which I've
borrowed when they were in Brazil and I
had it in London I've got a funny story
and someone broke in and ripped all of
these wires out and tried to hotwire it
and for about a year I was driving it
around hot-wired so I was having to
spark the wires together every time I
wanted to drive it some on the way to
see Andy he runs a charity in Roehampton
in London or I used to live and we both
have buses and we keep them a fantasy
power station and they've asked us to
leave them temporarily so I think I've
got it honestly we just stopped for a
little lunch bacon
so here we are battery power station
this is the nvme partner buses so my bus
always does this thing where it hasn't
been driven for a while where it just
kicks out clouds and clouds of reef
white smoke look at this
it's good fun owning a double-decker bus
I've really missed this I'd be thinking
I'd love to do like up world tour like
drive around the whole world be pretty
cool
guys I just saw a mouse in the bus is a
mouse and a
I just had an awesome time avanthi we
were just chatting about plans and trips
he's doing so he runs this charity I
don't know if any of you seen my draw my
life video but I used to work for the
charity that he runs and we did trips
abroad and of Kenya and Romania and
stuff so I think I'm gonna get more
involved with the charity again and
bring you guys along for the ride
so it's exciting Titans exciting times
so I'm now heading to pick up Darcy
school my mom was supposed to pick her
up and she doesn't know coming here so
I'm gonna go and surprise her so we're
here at high school this is my old
school once he's here we're gonna head
home that was hilarious that was
actually hilarious did you know it's
funny some people gets so excited but
anyway we're back home it's been a lot
of driving today
hang out my mate Nick a little bit this
is Nick you may remember him from the
Norway roadtrip videos this is a mix PC
another one of the road tripping
vehicles I've handed the baton to make
this is the minibus that we drove to
Dorian like I was saying and if you
haven't watched those videos go back to
like their like some of the best videos
I've uploaded I went with Sam and a
whole load of us we've got a little
tough stuff like I said before that is a
good sized coffee you know you know when
you've got two handles it's a good size
okay so we're just gonna have a bit of
fun now Nick's is showing you something
you sports show me what's this
this is an air rifle people this guns
are legal in England but I think you can
have air rifles it's like on an evil
limit I'm going to shoot my gun yes look
at that if your boys in their toys I
just annihilate it
where's the bullet where's the bullet
Oh
pull me up dinnertime
nice so I've just jumped in the car and
I'm gonna go over and see Alan and maybe
Dave for a little bit if we've broken
the to this for sure but it might take
three of us we should be dissin sky boy
what's your video today oh yeah you
could a little clip of me hit banging
elect it's had a good night man Alan I
better get my attention I Love You Man
we're gonna hang out again see I just
genuinely had such a nice catch I was
Alan my friendship goes so far back like
eleven years we've been hanging out and
lived together everything and other
night we didn't get to hang out so I
still wanted to play this it was all a
bit crazy so it's good to see him
tonight and makes it learn together it
started a big part of our conversation
was how he would love to be get his
video scene a bit more in YouTube and
kind of expand this audience and start
doing more videos the stuff that he
loves cuz he's always wanted to you know
do something YouTube way before I ever
did something youtuber I don't know I
know I'm always asking this of you guys
but I I just think it'd be such a nice
gesture to go and check out his videos
subscribe to his channel and just
sharing some lamp support and help him
achieve or start achieving his dream of
kind of building his audience and stuff
so if if you want to that'd be so cool
to go and go and check him out
it mean a lot to me and I'm giving you
sign up here I think I'm driving home
pretty much gonna go straight to bed and
it's gonna have another fun day tomorrow
it's so nice to be back so yeah I'm
going to sign out but yeah go check out
Alan I'll link to below click here as
well and I'll see you guys tomorrow
