good morning guys
second day of our GoPro road trip
because left the campsite and we are
going to stock up some supplies though
it's a lot like that Walmart and we need
some new blankets and snacks and things
like that going to drive yesterday twice
I put something down by the window in
the front or the driver seat and it flew
out the window I felt really bad because
it's littering there's only an empty
coffee cup and then a plastic water
bottle but because of that and I decided
we need cup holders we actually we've
known we need a cup holders and fun for
a while so we're just going to screw
this on the front thing and then we can
place our cups in there all these look
these look can be as well are they not
very secure I guess all right next up
get some ratchet straps to hold some
things down well if I am so useless in
the morning before I've had my coffee
guys I'm wandering around and
japanese-like what you're looking for I
was like don't even though
I can't go fish I didn't need it now
they guys like our American example to
God they literally like to please love
where did this happen that balance an
entire forget we have blanket chips from
the blueberries and Red Bull in case we
get rid of fired
Louise busy putting a strap on the tank
and bulging out next on top it I love
these mountains guy takes down so for
those of you that missed yesterday's
vlog last night we stayed in Utah Lake
State Park and today we are driving to
Moab and then we're camping out in Moab
I think it's going to be pretty stunning
nowhere they spelled my name right right
I was like in a bit money not only did
they spell it right she then pronounced
it right from that correct spelling guys
this is a still my name not with an e
okay and then you don't pronounce it
Lewis either so an important part of
road traffic is getting those really
cool time lapses of the road that we're
driving the only problem is we haven't
washed your windscreen for a little
while so just in front of the GoPro
mount it's very difficult day
go wet wipe
just made it - are we gonna stay tonight
looking pretty freakin amazing
we're in August National Park that's the
Colorado River right there
honey we can fly a drone legally
we have arrived at Goose Island
campgrounds at the name of this place is
the warm warm day guide no complaint for
me this is glorious weather when
reunited with the rest of squad you kind
of abandon us this morning they come a
drove ahead I was saying with the
driving convoy and they just hit the
pier
I think tomorrow we're going to try and
stick it up yes bro maybe I can the
girls have jumped in with us we are
driving down the road now and we're
going for a hike maybe it dump them I
cut it
later on everything breaking it's not
that pretty late here with school yeah I
didn't really drive through the table
everything fully over you're going to
struggle to plug there ah this is no
disciple never bad girls is one of those
things in we have a slight problem guys
we didn't realize how small the car park
board so the bus does not fit in the car
oh wait maybe you can park over there
they're going to try Toto video that
cliff - yep hope you found this item
when you hear anybody if you're trying
to evolve into like a
yeah kind of overwhelming then
surrounded by these like epic massive
rock beaches like just towering cliffs
to the side of us in that car more
action
so they're quite we were supposed to be
finding like an arch but we decided to
probably live it too fast to go to the
end of the hike to where the arch is
also apparently from talking to some of
the other hikers the water level is a
bit too low to go swimming so might turn
back and head back to the campsite soon
before we do though I just want to run
up until the top of that lead and have a
little look Wow
Oh Cal this looks like it was a molten
lava check now look stove alchemic is a
pretty sketchy ledge check it out it's
walking down to me the others I think I
found it a dry riverbed it's like a
little stream sometimes runs down here
so for the last month or so I've been
carrying around the LifeStraw water
bottle I got it just before I went to
the Africa burning near Cape Town anyway
I've been filling it up from like the
tap like I haven't actually tested it by
filling it up with fresh water from like
a river or something this is the first
real live test so I'm pretty thirsty and
I ran out of water for this is legit I
feel that boy bad boy alcohol that
already looks pretty clean clearly and
then we could slip that stool back in
all that takes fresh and I've gone like
a survival course that teaches you how
to like eat wild plants because I'm like
here and I'm like we got stranded out
here for some reason we've got water
that'll be good for keeping us hydrated
but in terms of like eating things I
have no idea like none of this looks
edible to make maybe some berries I
don't know time to go for a little
paddle and this waterfall
it is so beautiful the light is so
perfect right now golden I think we're
going to try to find somewhere cool to
watch the sunset if we can in our
classic clapping in heaven
yeah we definitely missed the sunset
unfortunately we did the right at this
restaurant we're thinking of eating out
but the area's not best vegan food yeah
yes just a man
we never look at the moment right food
reserve got a vegetable life so don't
need to think anything if it is no big
oK we've stopped the generator to the
back of the bus these need to go and
seal it up and then snapped up Club you
did right
who you are having Oreos for dessert I
condone that pastor and we found support
the kids attention to every road train
it's been a great day such an incredible
hike earlier with beautiful scenery
which we're going to see some more of
tomorrow are actually getting up super
early and we are going to state park
nearby to see the Sun Rise
I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life little adventure but
