so just got lift down to the lobby and
we were waiting for Darcy going for a
wonder going to try and find little
coffee locate inside are you feeling
this wonderful day to see the most
expensive thing on this menu is two
pounds fifty we just got some little
snacks this is a Turkish coffee it
tastes like cinnamon buyers so we're now
a tourist attraction getting all our
places
I think British people probably never
come in here so there's some amazed that
they want to take photos with us I don't
know no way so my dad lent me these
shorts so at least I got some shorts I
could rock some shorts for a little bit
about to hit some madness but we're on
the way to the Egyptian museums that
should be fun Nicky's and changing from
like two lanes to five lanes and it
suddenly all the cars apart a bit of the
road and people are kind of running in
between the cars and we're trying to
pull anyone so yeah so let's go
please Louie so we just parked up just
checking all the doors a lot nice to
meet you
but this is the egyptian-style crossing
the road okay go do not get run over do
not get when I keep keep walking keep
walking keep walking that's how they do
in Egypt this building looks like it's
been a completely burnt out like some
kind of fires happened to explosion tell
us about the Egyptian Museum dad do you
know anything about it it's got a lot of
old Egyptian artifacts and heads of
Pharaohs I think security have just told
us we can't take our cameras in so I
don't know what we're going to do I
think I might take my phone in and try
and film some cheeky footage my phone if
I can
it's crazy feeling I regret it 1000
years ago that was quite incredible we
got a tour around the museum we saw
stuff like 5,000 years old that was just
like the most intricately made statues
and jewelry and stuff
hello whoa hello
I'm gonna say something really
controversial here I prefer cats to dogs
what you doing mr. cat dad what was the
highlight museum fee just a volume of
and kind of awesome our artifacts and
golden bits piece to jewelry
I think the intricacy of the jewelry and
things like that and how skilled they
were like in those things those this
mask made of 11 kilograms of solid gold
that's great we're jumping back in the
car I'm going to head back to the hotel
for a little bit get our things together
have a little swim how stressful is the
driving mom
we just made as a sunsetting when
jumping the pool for a little bit
Assunta rightly going to jump in the car
again we're driving to the pyramids so
this is a heli he's going to take us on
horses to see the pyramids now we will
and same Zardoz are will stick up here
this is that more for gun alive
yes Darcy I'm going to sit look at a
light show oh no relax man relax
what's happening with you almost there
does this okay man this one I don't know
if I've ever ridden a horse before maybe
once maybe mum would you feel better on
donkey number four cars were around this
is how people got around ah she's scared
ah okay
mum's genuinely terrified oh okay I
think I'm good got my horse Nikki
chilling on the horse
we're rough so we were driving towards
the pyramids this guy jumped in a car so
let's to come and ride some horses to
the pyramids so we were like here right
happy fun I don't really know how to
ride a boss mum's terrified and there's
a camel just chillin how you feeling oh
it's good it's pushing out your comfort
zones don't think my mum's brave getting
on the horse shoes she's kind of
terrified yeah
they're just chillin resting for the
night we're just watching the pyramids
from a distance on horses on the Sahara
Desert and there's they're just about to
light up
back into the light that was beautiful
seeing a light in the pyramids riding
into the desert left good how are you
are we gonna run now we've got nine
minutes to catch the at the end of the
light show on the pyramids
good job horses good job - fancy
yeah we're just water this random shop
we're gonna walk up onto the roof to see
the end of the light show there's a
Sphinx and the pyramids together what's
the big night when you're it's good good
pretty awesome tonight we've managed to
go into the desert see the pyramids and
ride on horses is family as a family and
then we ended up doing a bit of a like
shake yeah
great night
good job mom facing your fears do it
afraid that's the answer that you face
don't you do it a grade
still later horsies that was amazing
experience incredible we're just going
for a random little stroll down a side
street to find things to eat we have no
idea where we are we're at a street
stool these pizzas thirty pH like puff
pastry is like a pastry thing and it's
actually delicious
super delicious well it's been a
fantastic an exhausting day Cairo is so
beautiful and all the warning about
dangerous riots and stuff was a load of
rubbish I literally haven't seen any
danger tomorrow I really should go and
try and find some clothes I've just been
borrowing my underwear off my dad and
stuff but um yeah I think we might try
and get to a market place tomorrow
anyway I'm going to sleep peace out
