it's 5:30 a.m. Sunday morning we had a
taxi booked for five but as the time was
drawing nearer to leave I did a bit of
research and the weather was gonna be
terrible in Greece and I don't know I
just thought you know we don't get the
opportunity to go as a family that often
maybe every few years so I just did a
bit of research and I found that look
for the same kind of price we could all
go to Egypt for the week in a four-star
hotel and that's just like let's just do
it let's just let's just do a week in
Egypt talk about crazy spontaneous
decisions don't see what you think of a
change of plans
and then you don't ease it before yeah
in your six eleven years old it's easy
but still a slipper three hours I stayed
up like pretty much all night trying to
finish and work before we go away so
we're just getting last few things ready
to fly to Egypt as I said and my face
just spotted this quite disturbing thing
on the BBC News website to protest
against the ruling party the Muslim
Brotherhood days their chants calling
that's a big protest happening by
nightfall
violence had broken out between police
and protesters and then I went to the
Foreign Office website and it says
advises against all but essential travel
to parts of the country so this could be
quite an adventure we could literally
landing in a warzone
my dad's gonna make us some lunch
where you may have what we were going to
go on holidays money but it's been like
a yes sir about that I kind of tell the
folks we do anything we've got eggs
crushed me in there initially because I
always put me in a always put another
thing that
rescue together to the secret Bank
katomina a bit water in it let's go on
tell him of that cheese and he has been
throwing richer Tomatoes okay this is
great I should probably get more and the
other secret ingredients maybe we could
try some teller or surahs' be jammed a
seize up the omelet the omelets roommate
now we've done that my goods and family
lunch before we get our stuff together
and I'm just finishing off some very
important editing work where we going
Darcy Egypt
oh yeah so Steve's arrived he's gonna
give us a lift to the airport with all
our bags and stuff and there were maybe
flying into some kind of war zone you
got your stuff go see your stuff Steve
you come with us all right
thanks let's say well legends who are
listen let's grab our stuff
excited dusty yeah this is probably the
first time in history that our family
our early something so we're just
sitting around them we're able to have
hope we'd have a meal before we get the
plane
so we've got a nice a all pie and that's
taken the whole point some kind of
chicken burger thing which is guys were
left my bag at the restaurant in the
terminal and I've boarded my plane or
about - I like completely forgot it so
I've had to be left in the airport with
all my clothes in for the week which is
really annoying and they can't help me
out they said I won't be able to get on
the plane if I run back for an hour say
so haven't my bag anymore he was gonna
be disposed of but it's kind of
liberating
superlight
nice white they'll see as we got off the
plane I had forgotten my my jumper and I
then realized it must be extreme fatigue
causing my memory loss
lost my bag almost lost my job hi we've
landed in Zurich Switzerland and we're
going to have here a few hours kissing
the hotel nearby before catching our
next flight connecting flight to Egypt
I've had some people tweet me telling me
that and there's a bit of unrest in
Cairo at the moment and it's dangerous
this is the hotel we're staying in
m√∂venpick hotels Urich this is a very
swanky hotel I can't believe I can't
believe I've got no clothes no clothes
at all yeah oh alright we're gonna go to
sleep wake up early and catch a plane to
Cairo say it's been a kind of weird day
of commuting today and losing all my
clothes anyway peace out
