good morning it's like 7:00 a.m. and
we're going to head to the airport
really soon I just wanted to show you
this this is funny so basically someone
stole my my power adapter for a European
power adapter I've got this four way
plug fit for those of you don't know
this is this is the English power plug
but I couldn't plug it into the French
wall so I am so I literally had to
actually rips the end of the plug off
and I just shoved the wires into the
circuit and it works very dangerous I do
not try that
so we're waiting at the hotel for our
lift to the airport apparently we were
told the wrong time we're supposed to
get here for 6:45 and it's 7:45 and we
now have that capture taxi to catch up
with the bus that's going to the airport
we managed to catch the coach in time
which is a relief back in the UK didn't
get arrested this time for - here we go
meet my parents now and hopefully
waiting for me yeah
everyone's arrived Oh see Hillary mom
we're gonna go get some lunch have a
nice family lunchtime haven't seen
Hillary in three months me and Dorothy
think it's very important to have some
galaxies in our lives right now so
what else we getting a swanky veg crisps
for my mouth
Wang just won't get a good shot Jill
vlogging Darcy's walking up an
embarrassment I'm such a chocoholic
sun's out we're gonna go and find some
trees to climb ah a day with my sisters
where are we heading Darcy tree so
second home if I climb that tree like
every day in the Sun holidays like to
give you
yes Darcy get much past
please Darcy gun so we're just chilling
in the tree we chillin in the tree and
having a fun time or we die sticky I
think we should just all live in the
street yeah high-five Darcy Darcy such a
good tree Tyler pillows nuts Hilary's
not as good me is it easier for her to
reach oh look a nice duck waddling down
the road towards us
there's loads of docks out today follow
the Ducks
I think they'll eat here they are
leading us we're kind of as ventured
into the woods and we found this like
really cool little area we've never
found before we don't know where we are
I hope we're not in the Cobham shooting
club that's not a house no we're fine we
can go this way let's just walk down
here and then we just if they're like
you're not supposed to be here we'll be
like sorry we've been spotted
oh dear we we're on the shooting range
we literally accidentally strolled on to
a shooting range
Sorry mate laughing actually lucky now
shooting today I'm there and that range
was that the beam dangerous
find the best tree for us to climb
I like England when it's like this sun's
out
beautiful countryside oh hi hi there mr.
tree
okay I'm going to show you how to make
bird calls with a blade of grass
yesterday is pinch the blade of grass
either end with your knuckle and your
finger and then you have to blow that it
sounds like a duck darling we're just
chilling out and with some chill time
with the family
I'm messy third wave you made for dinner
and that's nice because it's fresh and
it's a sweet potato and asparagus late
tomato this is a rehash at lunch this is
pasta things in cream but something
special something is red everywhere do
you think like I should start a Cooking
Channel I think that'd be awesome
you could be like a chef from YouTube
Hillary's going by cycling every we got
to go hit the train go go get the train
get the train they're gonna miss the
Train they're gonna miss tomorrow you
guys aren't gonna believe this me and my
mum and dad and Darcy are going to
Greece on a family holiday for a week
so I'm gonna try and vlog it but I just
found out our hotel does not have
internet so this could be a real
challenge guys I'm gonna try and do my
best but anyway it's gonna be an awesome
week there's gonna be some chilling
maybe some adventures as well see how I
get on tomorrow
I'm gonna head off to bed now we're
getting the flight we have to get up at
5:00 a.m.
anyway it's been fun today
peace out
