we've ever night this morning the
internet stops working and I'm trying to
upload like a couple of videos so I'm on
a mission now to find some boxes
fantastic news managed to get into this
no bombing production office lightning
fast internet got everything sorted and
now I'm gonna head over and have some
lunch with Lauren and Clare I feel
relieved after all the stress is like
sitting there torn up life like in three
hours over here but it's gonna be a good
day guys I just filled up my camel bag
forever it's code camel pouch of water
gonna go and hit the slopes it's gonna
be pretty awesome the weather's quite
badly that the ski lift closed not left
my board up there from yesterday when I
was doing their paragliding
I'm hoping I'll get a chance to do a bit
cheeky snowboarding but yeah the
weather's bad it's not as nice as
information it's rainy cloudy oh I'm
pretty tired is that last day snow
coming loves Nicastro my feeling back
first thing tomorrow morning to the EJ
I'm looking forward to them right
I was just incredibly treated they
wouldn't sell me a lift past the boat in
the mountain because they were like the
ski lifts are gonna close at 4 so you
can't buy one so I just hopped a barrier
jumped in the ski lift because I'm very
adamant to do some snowboarding today
it's like zero visibility
I was literally the last one on the ski
lift from the bottom and they gated off
the barrier so this is the last lift up
and about to do my last run of the day I
went down too far and mr. lossless well
might just get one of these guys he's
but unless you're actually quite tricky
to do on a snowboard per means up there
on the internet sort some things out I
returned all my ski stuff my snowboard
and now heading out to dinner Thai food
love Thai food just arrived at the
forest party again and Kassabian are
playing
out of the house
that's pretty awesome I'm gonna head
back to the hotel now get some sleep
because we've got an early rise tomorrow
to go to the airport catch tomorrow
peace out
