I'm excited today I'm gonna go
snowboarding I've been looking forward
to this all week it's gonna be look at
this view this is incredible I'm so
excited I haven't been boarding for like
a couple of years hopefully I don't kill
myself
this video probably doesn't even portray
how beautiful it is it's stunning
this isn't better I've been up to
snowboard whilst taking in the
surroundings so just got near the top of
the mountain and the sick music venue
rompers reggae shack those blasts now
some chains that might show him a little
bit
right back on the slopes I'm gonna go
out this big ski let's see where that
goes so I've just been chewed off piste
because I think I was going in the wrong
direction I want to go back down down
there and I was heading over that
direction so I came off paced and I've
just seen all these barriers
I think these are to stop pepper
launches and I think I'm in there like a
cordoned off area so hopefully I don't
start at large how the all good yeah
definitely not supposed to be here oh
wow there's a big net I'm gonna try and
get over this barrier
Oh
as easy yeah looks like it's time for a
black run oh look blacks the hardest by
the way oh okay the cameras covered in
tonight so I'm still at the top of the
mountain and I've decided instead of
getting a ski lift bat down I'm gonna
paraglides back down so apparently we're
just gonna run down the mountain and
then take off I guess
the cause like in Porbandar oh it's been
an awesome week with them have you found
it what's your highlights been you
didn't enjoy the mountain experience how
much did you not so yeah it's been
strange and weird right did you get to
see many DJ's or bands playing yeah
obviously a few brothers that was cool
that's fantastic weather it's been
pleasure meeting you guys yeah have a
good fight back
I've said goodbye to the Emperor guys
Oh had a little rest and now I'm heading
up to this forest party in the middle of
the woods
um I don't really know what's going on
disclosure er they're performing there
and it's gonna be pretty awesome
I'm following the music this is crazy
look at this
today's been awesome exhausting but
awesome so I'm gonna don't find a nice
party mail to replenish my energy what
do you guys think of Tom's new hat just
like chili chocolate has come with the
steak so I'm going to give it a taste
there was a chili left over as well I
think some of my Waring students just
got even hotter it's always gonna go for
a carrot there you're gonna regret that
no I don't I'm not sure this is a good
idea guys I I'm gonna go probably to bed
very soon but I'd love to leave you guys
to go over to Tom's YouTube channel he's
the cameraman that you've seen is the
one messing around earlier go over to
his YouTube channel and surprise him by
subscribing he hasn't uploaded anything
in ages but you told me earlier
it wants to start again you should all
go subscribe give him some love
encourage him and he's got some
hilarious videos and there's links are
going go subscribe all of you he's so
funny he gets home he's like what's that
help anyway peace out catch it tomorrow
