I'm heading down to see if they're still
serving breakfast I love a banquet I
think this is the smallest penis in the
world this is like fairytale cover stuff
it's me and Tom are going off on a
little filming excursion we've got this
set of custom-made panpipes and we're
gonna be challenging people on the
street to to play the theme this song
and take my breath away and then if they
do then we'll get from the locker a free
beer voucher you'll be able to watch the
whole video of like me go nuts people
and the challenge and everything on the
other channel not doing these videos on
so I'll link e at the end of this video
or in the description so we've just
finished filming met a lot of cool
people on the street and you can
actually play panpipes we're now heading
back to the hotel and think we're gonna
chill there for a little bit and we're
waiting for bands to arrive the import
bands and we're gonna be doing some
filming with them later on
oh yeah source of fees and ships
then that just refueling commencing
foods and then I think they're gonna go
out on the street and surprise some
people so this is the in pub and we're
gonna be following them around jumping
out some people what your guys names I'm
Nick Matt George and I am Chris nice are
there hiding and then they're gonna jump
out on people as they come down they're
just finding the best locations to jump
out on people
you join it again you'll be able to
watch the full length clips of these
guys jumping out people over on the COS
channel I'll link below some in Lauren
are heading back to the hotel fill it on
that because tonight it's gonna be some
pretty hardcore partying it turns out we
are staying in this hotel which isn't a
big problem but it does mean I don't
have internet unless I'm sitting in the
lobby I'm not really complaining this is
a beautiful view
we're now gonna be heading up the big
ski lift gondola thing and we're heading
up to the Arctic disco which is like a
big party and then a globe out there
that's up the mountain right we managed
to get our parser sorted so at the top
of a mountain and now we walk into it
eglee we are above the clouds this is
amazing
2,000 meters this is where the parties
happening in an igloo
Wow
this is crazy they're inside an igloo
this is insane
good look at these ice sculptures the
Sun is just about to drop below the peak
of the mountain and already is suddenly
dropped like a couple of degrees it's
probably gonna be like minus 10 here
tonight but it's well worth it
we just grabbed a cheeky pizza now we're
gonna go get Wi-Fi so I can do some
important internet stuff before king
another party
we're back here again the racket
launched for some drop of bass I'm
really going to enjoy this
that was absolutely incredible best
night I've been to this month absolutely
I love drawing back so much it's hard to
explain
I love a lot of music but drum and bass
is just there's something like special
that I connect with with it I just get
lost in it and it's just incredible
right so I'm gonna wind down probably
head to bed soon like I said before
check out some of the links below to the
videos that was filming earlier with
cause if you're going to drink drink
responsibly are you old enough and
that's about it
enjoy yourself guys enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
