I have no idea why but I've I've been
asked to make myself known
what I don't want to be any okay so we
have a twist in the story my name is
called on the plane I had no idea why
walked off the plane and the police are
waiting for me and apparently there's
some kind of warrant out for my arrest
in England because of something that
happened last summer which not fully
aware of something to do with a driving
incident so I'm gonna play this out see
what happens go along with a police
officer in them yeah I don't really know
what's going to happen I guess I'm under
arrest
well that was all a bit crazy I'm
currently sitting in Heathrow police
station of I've been released on bail
which was really lucky like they were
like oh we might have to keep you in
here till Saturday which is like two
days but I spent like two hours in the
police cell all because last summer I
didn't like hand in some paperwork
correctly when I was pulled over and
asked to produce documents apparently
the paper boy didn't go through or
something I'm sure I did it and there's
been like court summons and stuff which
I haven't received and so a warrant was
perform I arrest say as I landed my name
was read out over at a knowing there's
police officers waiting there for me and
I was arrested and asked or two to the
police station it's crazy not the nicest
welcome come back to the UK but a bit
exciting and good news is I got a free
pair of Clem cells which they gave me
which they gave me in the prison cell so
free pencils they have a bonus I'm
knowing my dad's come pick me up I say
what an adventure and I couldn't film
anything was arrested I was like can I
feel them though like no you can't feel
we're gonna confiscate everything I was
like oh man I want to film this stuff is
fun my dad is just arrived and the grab
my stuff
and go spend some time with family
that's what you want to do when you
arrive back home you don't get arrested
Oh crazy it's so cool this is my
leftover food from from the prison cell
all your thoughts on me getting arrested
them surprise thought it'd be a good
addition to a vlog if you were allowed
to fill but sadly not mr. best of a good
blog but so just fairly amusing really
because I knew done some major crime
nothing to worry about
and it's a traffic offense Toronto
beside what easily sorted even sir fine
but
as the spice of life yeah anything mum
with this question I just arrived back
home I've been hearing the ages like
months like three months
oh how about this doesn't hit my head
and explain what what do you think you
have I go arrest um I thought oh that
sounds normal
oh let's just get away with things here
is get away with things I don't get how
he does it
I'm not that illegal so nice to be back
at my parents house and I've just been
chilling out relaxing play some b-ball
outside of school in a completely just
spin like we're cooperate and now is
there there's time to grab some dinner
wouldn't kick that low tonight
I cooked ratatouille lots of pepper no
greens I like chicken and a fee that's
fine the usual
we'll just crush them and we're gonna
have a net but it's like to item now
turns out I've been sleeping for six
hours so I guess that's the end of my
day um um I just will recuperate and
from the last week and try and catch up
on some sleep I just had another thought
as I'm dropping off to sleep I actually
tweeted when I was getting arrested
earlier today and because I just
couldn't think who to call or text or
anything but um you should probably all
go follow me on Twitter just in case
this happens again or something else
crazy happens it's probably the quickest
way to find out what's going on so yeah
keep below in the description and follow
the adventure anyway I am going to sleep
now saying up I got you to worry
