like 1:00 p.m. I've just walked out of
my room and there's like performances
going on in the main arena and this is
the last day of playlist we're inside
the Gibson bus the best possible
think come on yeah this is really
tempting but I think it could be very
naughty
hey there's an update on the weather
situation so tell me what what one look
at it looks like a hurricane outside
look at those palm trees down there is
intense or what and I have to fly in
that I'm walking talking pin down see a
little bit they're leaving Marcus is
leaving as well
Rehana Marcus did you sleep well - yeah
ready for some craziness
this is crazy weather guys this is crazy
right to find test and sure no stuffing
there before me gonna maybe work after
my phone tomato warning for severe
weather win this see how excited that
guy's tornado warning
that was boogying I can't help but to do
this when that beat drops it's like oh
it's happening again if I'm a rusty
claim you get your hands together let's
give it up one right now
I know you don't feel well the here's
with you I just wanted to stop by soil
tension that could steal maybe play a
bowline some a song in which I'll try
say look who it is
attention Queen herself Oh rusty you
look very handsome on stage today
oh thank you at least a five of ten good
little girl always picking a fight with
me you know that only backhand but
you're spending the night with me boy do
you want
you look good little thank you I know
little boy that's what you're acting
like oh I don't buy the trailer
why not just say goodbye what I've tried
too many times
that was lame guys so glad my boy she's
here and present bet you guys didn't
know that's what Lane did he Brock sit
on the stage go and subscribe and watch
all his videos and shown some love you
did well today man we're now rubbing
some like serious amounts of $26 the
smallest meal ever alone Tessa and
Rusty's mothers are all meeting now for
Bible study it's like 1:30 in the
morning there's been some crazy
sufferings and I we we basically did the
same glass slides in the late night
includes erupt out by Cynthia again and
now we're just two in gets a pizza late
night vampire trying to stay awake I've
got two hours before my fly made myself
a coffee come on up look I'm terrible at
their fly guys I literally spill coffee
everywhere I don't know how this work
look at thing in there it fell out
coffee spill everywhere 5 a.m. 2 hours
to go I'm saying goodbye to the girls
they're leaving Tessa sure
great test almost all this jumper it's
nice see have lovely flights there's
been a long day in the last day place
it's all over now and then I'm waiting
around to catch a taxi to the airport in
an hour and a half
