yeah it's 6:30 in the morning I haven't
slept yet but it is technically the next
day and Dana's just got better the guys
and really brought burritos rather
urease for breakfast it's 12:30
just got up I ended up going to sleep at
8:00 a.m. which is a bit crazy we're now
heading down to the Convention Center
for a little show these little boys how
you feeling today I'm good I found out
half of the things I did from chips of
your video this morning I love this six
cameras on the guy wait
the toilet is going to be interviewing
all the other boys and it's about 50
billion girls here to watch
are you going to let me happy
guys shall I eat this lizard guys good
get whoever gave this to Louise giving
me this is the coolest thing ever been
given I'm into picture and if you
haven't checked out Louise's channel
spring computer go and do that now go
and subscribe
look at this hair so this is incredible
is a lizard eh what are you gonna get
gas mass and the velocity I've got I got
chicken curry
look how cozy we are to handle this is
the lobby of our hotel tower now big
Kasparov skate
hi I'm Natalie
singer rapper actor dancers head check
me on YouTube and backslash unsubscribe
now click in check them out this is
coffee this ball Heather formas where
you go
memorial wave action tapas gig it was
awesome
Robbie's amazing I'm now going to meet
Matt and leader I'm doing a video I'm
doing a video I'm gonna be eating some
weird Japanese soy beans kind of stuff
with leaders could be crazy okay we're
here we're getting ready this is the
stuff gonna be right we're going to
escape haters are just big let's go okay
Tessa has lost her longboard guys if
you've seen Tessa's longboard anywhere
and you're at playlist can you like to
tweet her saying telling her where her
along Lourdes and it's pink hey man do
you know anyway come skate around I'm
looking forward to this part it's gonna
be sweet yeah
yo yo now it's the crew arriving at the
party it's another pie this is going
well it's been Jessica hey it's gonna be
a good night I think the Brits going to
tear off the dance floor again I'm
feeling out
at me
okay
we will
Oh
Oh
No
Hey
bumped into Tomsk are you enjoying the
night I I can't think anymore
this is on my brain his brain is ruined
people ended we heard everyone's going
to jump to the swimming pool but it's
hard to in the morning there's still
people waiting - what is your YouTube
channel st NCAP everyone should go and
listen to your music right now and go to
subscribe I fell asleep them the whole
time and I miss the entire party and I
broke up in a temporary morning well
he's lucky that we we are the part you
just lucky bumped into the body
okay so we're following Kevin's rose
we're going to find a jacuzzi
we found the jacuzzi we're about to get
in the jacuzzi feels like this is this
is awesome oh yeah are we gonna what we
do what we doing right now we're gonna
throw Rebekah fucking just do it like
Yolo Yolo these guys got in the pool and
how stupid is that we were like chillin
they all got starts screaming jumping in
the pool it was a lot was anything it
was that it was a walker for okay wasn't
really we climbed over the fence but oh
five more minutes to say okay okay bye
guys we're good
okay we're fully naked
this is not erotic
he's been a crazy adventure and we gonna
dart rapper but I'm gonna go to bed and
catch you guys tomorrow so it's been a
long one
