we are on the way out for some breakfast
based probably more like lunch I don't
even know all right
breakfast I'm going to say breakfast
because I've just woken up for like an
hour okay really see Christian okay
we're gonna go to eat I miss Damon Damon
pound puppy guys laser power we're
walking to the jacuzzi I think that's
probably that time of day again it's
service is doing shots earlier just
successfully did the gate ain't under
his towel is that the first time you've
ever done it first time everything guys
we're gonna try to get on horses and I
probably gonna get told up for not
wearing shirt right now trying to cool
down from you Jesus oh yeah got my pass
that's right we've got these cameras
that we need to like we've got these
cameras we need to go around
take pose of everything and then they're
gonna make some big thing with them I
guess
guys so I just arrived fully reunited
everyone's here now yeah I've just been
in the jacuzzi man who else is here how
deploy sorry I'm interrupting okay it's
good I can't explain how it forced me is
to be back together all the brothers who
is this whole blog pretty much it's
gonna be me bumping into other youtubers
but it's gonna be fun it's gonna be nice
it starts a good day this is such a cool
vibe people I wish you could all be here
we are we found that
I'm just introduced today with it how
you feeling we're searching for
Starbucks it's very important in our
lives right now
coffee
they're here after like walking for
three hours
like 20 minutes back
Coffee yoga
we're here we're here with them doing
about the car ran into being a universal
house there Allen has just arrived
have you seen puppy in that there over
there Oh Alan I want to have a food
union with you right now I'm just
heading out to dinner
we've arrived at a Brazilian steakhouse
we've gone out to dinner with some guys
from YouTube this is Josh may I say Josh
and yeah we're gonna eat some Brazilians
there
Jack I'm a user on YouTube yeah I don't
know if you guys have heard of Jack he's
kind of he's a new is a new YouTube ace
maybe you guys should go subscribe to
him help him out
so in this Brazilian steakhouses or even
in me
this means feed me this means
interesting you two layers and some
secrets are televising interesting
this is my cleaver we're about to these
things about to get crazy
so this is kind of what playlist is
really just rim parties we're out for
crazy are you plugging stuff yeah it's a
delegate to a oh do I have it's not my
it's been a fun boy has a be mass here
with each OSU in to see you until you
diversify yeah yeah
there's literally too many people I'm
hanging out with today this is insane
I've been again like I said on this
concert of the hi I'm st. the tester
earlier I was like there's nowhere I'd
rather be than right in right now it's
like that kind of feeling ever leave you
guys around that but there's not being
your life in alignment and I'm gonna
head back to my room now get some sleep
because tomorrow I'll go to Disney World
with everyone so make sure you tune in
