today I'm helping Taylor and Hayden a
bit around the house and we are
constructing and finishing construct
this shed in the garden havens just
peanuts and loved fresh been working
hard
so now on step 12 of 17 yeah yeah Ron
was down but it's been at least for the
roof on that allows review so we're just
constructing the last stages of the roof
on the shed and I just lent up against
this edge to see this really thin edge
and I literally just sliced my slice my
finger out quite badly I know you can
see this this is this is actually quite
a deep slice that's a naughty naughty
very naughty root don't don't do that
that's naughty so we're putting on the
final roof panel and then it's going to
have a roof Havens just go back miss
parents look at his clean-shaven face
I literally ready
so we're waiting around for a girl
called Petey who's offered us timely up
there's a lift to playlist she's heading
over from Dallas and we're just packing
getting ready and here getting ready to
drive all night Katie and Michelle have
arrived we are about to embark on a long
like do you think like 16 hours or
longer it's at least 16 hours according
to Google Maps and we'll I guess we're
driving through your night it's gonna be
fun you excited later yeah we've been
driving maybe just over an hour
only 15 hours to go
actually
now we can actually see everyone meet
the girls Kol we are going to be best
friends for the next 16 hours before we
get nothing like good friends after that
as well let's be hate have expired just
put into a gas station I don't know what
time in the morning is probably like 3
or maybe later
I just been napping in the car this is
probably the end of today's vlog
because I'm gonna be waking up tomorrow
and you know be small right so
Sega smirk
