there's the last day of south or
southwest we're going to go back into
town I think it's also some Patrick's
Day so it could be a bit crazy so it
turns out it's not as hectic as we
thought it's actually chilled up quite a
lot i think a lot of people have already
had headed home from the festival but
now i'm gonna fight fine sir michael 28
I have no idea why they were playing
Scottish music in the irish pub but I
know Irish Pig wife's bagpipes tea but
that was definitely a Scottish so I say
that was kind of weird so just arrived
at zilker park we should see like a
three mile walk which I think it's like
a normal thing behind him but that's
that wasn't really what I was expecting
but you know it's cool it's cool and now
we're just going to chill in the sun for
a little bit of thing look at this nut
on it and they're really cool bike it's
it is silly by club look at these guys
just chillin a nickname we are strolling
over to Hayden's church which could be
fun this is a massive
place
you
you are
this
he saying the world doesn't revolve
around you know to a world that once
believed that the heavenly spheres
revolved that rotated around the earth a
man named Copernicus wrote a treatise
and he said the heavenlies not revolve
around here they revolve around a Sun
they call what happened there after the
particle revolution God is calling every
single one of us to go through a
tourniquet revolution where we realize
it's not about us will realize the world
doesn't revolve around us
you
so we've left the church service this
kind of cool and we're hanging out with
lames friend Ashley I'm just thought I'm
just talking to the camera don't work I
still myself look camera we were on MTV
blam boom Joe that's a screenshot from
the other night other woodie awards it's
all about it being warm enough to walk
around in shorts and a vest in the
evening I always wanted to be that warm
perfect Elaine is leaving he's doing a
three right a three-day train ride I
would like to playlist so I'm gonna see
him in like three days or something but
oh man I feel sorry for you bro got it
and guys go and subscribe this youtube
channel he's got some music on their own
they click on the / link of the
description and stuff but check amazing
awesome guy these are these policemen
just gave me a pumpkin it says you too
Bonnie I don't really know what this is
King King lojo jet was it's a king king
glow joke whoa King glowed your way I
was going to take this pumpkin with me
now it's not every day at least we give
you a pumpkin doing afraid the pumpkin
and the world going there don't don't
lights price on his head
yeah I think Ashley's got mad pumpkin
throwing skills up now Ashley vs Hayden
the crowd goes quiet okay actually serve
to get Riley going on it I'll Hayden
misses an easy ball there he always got
matched up by the place that was almost
like a sick someone like you two got
pummeled back home I'm about his bed I
really love you guys to be slinging for
me basically Hayden has put me out the
last couple of nights and getting a pair
of trainers and it's just an all-around
awesome guy and I'd love it if you could
go and show some support by subscribing
to his YouTube channel check out some of
his cool videos he makes like really
kind of RT videos like animations and
stuff like really talented if any of you
interesting that kind of stuff you
should go over now click on this link
click in the description and show him
some love I'm part for me cool anyway it
blow off I'll catch you tomorrow peace
out
