I had an amazing sleep it was awesome I
had some crazy dream that about a
post-apocalyptic world where aliens were
attacking and me and my friends were
super hero so as a pretty awesome dream
and I woke up and Hayden said he had
some spare high tops he doesn't ever
where he's given me some new shoes guys
this is an exciting time there's only
really happens like once a year for me
so I'm gonna throw my other shoes out
the warmest day yet
I'm very happy that
that's segue wow it's the segue gang we
just stole some monster energy drinks we
weren't slice if we weren't splicer
dailies
we're grabbing some pizza it's
impossible to help eat healthier this
event by a trophy full of monster drinks
yes please we're just escaping the
mayhem of the main bit and we've come
down to chill out on this the riverfront
this is sweet
okay it's not not entirely peaceful but
it's still pretty awesome
we're on a floating platform I wish you
cut this free and brand row across okay
guys there's about 10 million bats
heading our way
so these bats live under the bridge all
day and then they they come out at night
and kill people we just had the most
relaxed if you like our and a bit just
chillin by the river watching the fats
come out watching the sunset and now
we're just going to stroll into town I
don't know see what one Mother Russia
today has been especially awesome
I'm generally quite happy but today I've
been super happy so it's not really know
why
we really children
random guide filling in a swing on a
package back at haters again had a
brilliant day in such a good mood we're
going to happen a little bit of a liar
tomorrow and then head back into town
and before I head off I'd love you guys
to check out and a lot of you know my
mom started blogging and her latest vlog
is like really deep and I don't know I
Schwartz I was like wow like mom you'll
get deep in your legs look so I'd love
you guys to go through and check out
some real life stuff my mom's lady
flogged click here and I catch us
tomorrow peace out
