good morning guys I have some
interesting news to tell you this
morning so we're still in the Dominican
Republic and we're still in the
treehouse village even though I was
supposed to leave for the airport an
hour ago however when I went down for
breakfast Austin who hosting us here
said that and because of the crazy
storms from last night and this morning
basically the road the flooded and
particularly a bridge which I don't know
if you saw yesterday logs but the bridge
was kind of like being eroded and part
of the road had broken away anyway that
bridge apparently briefly underwater and
it's like fast flowing river so yes the
roads are blocked and we are in the
middle of the jungle there's no way out
another couple of also missed their
flights so yeah we're stranded here
until further notice I really don't know
what we're going to do and hopefully we
can get out tomorrow but even if the
flood waters resides we're thinking that
bridge is probably being destroyed so
the talk of and maybe trying to
construct some kind of zipline to get
across the river because once we get to
the road the other side attacks you can
pick us up and then it's still a three
and a half hour drive to the airport I
don't know what we're going to do but
I'll keep you guys updated and it also
means we've got another day here to
adventure and yeah have some fun
hopefully
guys the rain finally subsided and I now
have a chance to give you a proper tour
of this entire treehouse village I guess
that's one of the problems of being out
in the tropics here being in a
rainforest is occasionally is going to
rain
the first thing you notice did you come
into the treehouse village is this main
building this is in the center of the
whole village and this is the communal
space where everyone hangs out what I
love about this place is all the little
pathways in between the buildings are
literally cut straight through the
jungles that you're literally walking
through incredible like passion fruit
trees and flowers and stuff and it just
hits you like yes I am in the middle of
the jungle right now and that's what's
so good about it it is quite remote we
are yeah like right in the northern
peninsula of the Dominican Republic and
we are like surrounded by rainforest in
every direction right this is the main
communal space where everyone hangs out
we also eat our meals here and the
kitchen is right here and this is the
kitchen staff preparing dinner
so from the communal space there's a
bridge which leads to in my opinion the
best free health care check this out
this is still around the tree all of the
supports whereas some of these other
structures are just some stilts here
this is also the tree house that we're
staying in so I'll show you upstairs
there's three flights of stairs and
they're pretty steep
check out the gaps between these ones
check this out guys
this is where we've been staying for the
last four days from here you can see the
whole place so you check over this way
these are the the upper house this time
actually above that as well some kind of
VIP ones this one's an still there and
then there's ones down here and they all
have their own pathways leading to them
so each room comes equipped with a
mosquito net hanging over the bed fans
keep you cool and a little power socket
down the side of the bed and then you
wake up in the morning to this view I'm
a big fan of these lights as well kind
of rustic baskets and if you're
wondering where all our things are
there's a big crate in the corner here
which we tidied everything away empty
well we just actually we just shoved
olenek but that's lockable the doors
look a ball is pretty safe down there to
be honest so I also don't think anyone's
give a trick to the top of this tree
it's Dutch permission
this whole place is built in the heart
of a valley with a river running through
it the coast is probably like two miles
that way with an amazing Beach you can
cycle down to there's like bikes the
guest canoes and also two minutes away
there's a waterfall that you can track
over too and there's a rope swing
so this is the ultimate chill space
hammocks guitars sofas the chillin on
dinner has just been served
and then they'd like a million ball
games over there so that evening
activities so we've had some dinner and
we've been resting up in our tree house
the evening there's actually another
down for a brain so we were kind of
trapped up there I told him to show you
a little bit more of the place but bid
on an operon all day and like I said
that's one of the things that happens
when you build a treehouse village in
the jungle it's going to rain a lot but
yeah hopefully seem to many other blog
in some of the other areas like down by
the water pool and stuff and it's hard
in and out I didn't actually get a
chance to go in with swimming pool and I
heard earlier today in the morning that
the water level of the river came all
the way up to the Swingle which is like
elevated above the past and also reason
why I'm vlogging ending the vlog in the
bathroom is because I haven't shown you
guys the bathroom yeah I think this is
pretty sophisticated Paul yeah like a
jungle lodge and there's a hot water
shower which which is pretty close by
gas gas powered all you have to do is
that without you turn the water on and
the and the pilot light is going on on
that right so nice hot shower and I like
this little disco ball effects from
these loved lampshades to the world
they're played over a part in it and
obviously full running toilet and water
all plumbed in this is like literally
nothing before the owner here we got to
meet as well but wasn't these and yet
before he started building anything out
here
just nothing no infrastructure no
plumbing electricity but it's incredible
what they achieved and I'm definitely
going to be coming out back out here and
yeah I'll suggest you guys check this
place out as well I've linked it below
you can check out the more from the bill
they have especially the limited deal
that I've managed to get you guys 25%
off their normal prices for a limited
time and the two packages there you can
check out and yes if isn't the first
love you've seen of me being here then
check out some the other blocks as well
and hopefully tomorrow morning we'll be
able to leave without getting trapped by
the floods again soon morning peace out
enjoy life this is in charge today
