so I just woke up in the car it wasn't
so bad sleeping in the car the thing I
had loads of crazy dreams look I made
some curtains now driving to return the
rental car I mean Wendy's now and in
fashion town I've met must hop with Lane
Hayden and their friend Alicia now I'm
going to find someone to try and dump my
bags down after these
but we're just trying to get into this
this music event called the woodies but
quite a few cool acts going on at the
moment
you draw festival then annoy slowly and
a free mallinger
talking about some free barbecue
this is Lilly and Anna and Anna's kindly
and it's kindly said I could stay at her
house tonight in the other couch but
this is awesome guys it's awesome
meeting people I love meeting new people
it's a fun way to do it so we're getting
picked up by Anna's mum this could be
really good I feel really intrusive
coming into your mum I told them that
you like to walk around naked finding
things this is how you spread me I just
like a good man so I really don't know
what's going on within five minutes
within five minutes of the rising and
it's mum invite me on a holiday to
Canada with them and now and now
because I didn't bring my clothes I left
my bag somewhere else they're gonna
dress me up what do you guys think of it
that's actually a really provocative all
right maybe strike I'm staying at a
random Colombian family's house and I'm
extremely grateful and this is awesome
and made some amazing new friends can't
believe my mother invited me to Canada
with them I'm gonna get some sleep if I
can leave you guys with a video to watch
it's the next installment of the America
2011 road trip I did it with 15 of my
friends in the school bus so you can
click through to that now it's alright
yeah
