so we've left the house and I'm just
sitting in a golf course about - what
would you sell in some breakfast
Dave's about played golf all day and
then I'm about to set off and drive to
San Antonio for a radio hey ma'am um I I
think I'm really near so he's not here
yet but I'll Park uh from Salinas summer
something so this is JC let me in the
building he's gonna be filming
everything today so we're gonna jump on
our thing up next we got a very very
special guest Louie called food for
Louie on YouTube so I'm just having my
interfere the moment and we've done the
first little section so a lot of you
guys have been tweeting me asking
questions for Louie Cole first fan
question comes from lamb king Mises on
Twitter what's your favorite place
you've ever traveled to oh that's a good
question it's a very difficult question
because I've been to a lot of places and
I love them all but I particularly like
Rio de Janeiro in Brazil yes they left
like a month why I stayed in Brazil for
three months by stayed during carnival
last year and it was just immense
different up the interview and now I
think we're gonna head him get some food
I'm gonna say something really
controversial Whataburger is better in
my opinion than in and out what up
but for Louie we're here at water burger
movies in the movies on the ba√±o now
you know just chilling for all yeah he's
an economist editor you gotta go
goodbye Ron I'm heading off now I'm
gonna leave you with these guys they've
all got YouTube so what's your kind of
videos gonna be on his radio interview
it's Ricardo or Tiaras TV and then I
have one with my friend the Tacey
that one is these dudes and it's Izzy
and then these vlogs easy to the zine
yeah and then these blogs and Z's
that's all so that's just a blog that'll
be in the description anyway go through
subscribe and then Kenny tell us about
you're using the Kenny brown one I do a
little bit of everything and you want to
be entertained stuff on bus yep
go subscribe to the mold these blogs are
often some would say kind of shallow
like you know we don't really hadn't
have a good heart-to-heart because I'm
usually just filming us going to
Starbucks or web raise so I want to try
integrate a little bit more
never deeper aspects of the flocks I
don't know it's not always gonna work
well I just thought I was just often
daydreaming just thinking just then I
thought I may as well kind of info of
you guys but I was just thinking they
had the last night and again today I was
getting really cool I was negative
thoughts about my past and things
they're having with people and just kind
of it it just brought up kind of
emotions of just like feeling a bit
angry upset and I just thought you know
what I can easily I can easily kind of
stop thinking about those things and
just control what its weather and it
will change my whole mood and attitude
and stuff and I think sometimes we can
get trapped in these negative thought
processes where we like constantly
overthinking or like the same bad
thoughts about people or situations are
going over and over in our heads and it
can it can really like eat us from the
inside like destroy us from the inside
and I think you've got a look out for
what you think about earlier what you
allow yourself to dwell on it I just
think it is getting really deep here but
just I think your mind is a powerful
thing that can destroy of your
you haven't kind of got control over it
so I just decided you know what I'm just
gonna let those things go just give a
girl and go it's only harming me to kind
of think about
and then you got them in deep deep
thoughts of the day we're back to the
golf club I'm going to try and find Dave
70 people around well I just popped in
to receive you coffee and actually got
it for free it's two hours old sitting
in the bottom of props but I just pulled
this this ticket out of my copy I saw
something in there I think I saw
something
reggae Rockets we just stole the car
Dave Lewis funny just to go off-road
madness is the coffee just spill
everywhere man Dave's going he's going
to where even go in San Francisco San
Francisco baby that's the end of the day
chapters it looks on now on my own so
Dave's gone on my own there's a few
people knocking around that I know are
in Austin I'm gonna try and go up on my
mate Lane so just now with Lane and
Hayden now we're gonna find something
today I don't know what fun
we're just winding down in a really nice
little coffee shop like a late night one
I think there's three more like physical
all right these guys are off see later
walk back to the car now didn't manage
to find someone to stay so I'm gonna
skip in the car for the night hopefully
are we warm enough and tomorrow after
return it
meaning I'm gonna be completely homeless
with no plans and weirdly let's leave me
feeling quite excited of the
possibilities and just be enough to do
something spontaneous
so I'm actually quite excited the end of
a very long day a very fun love day I'm
now going to put the seat down and try
and sleep in here middle of a random
road I'm not even gonna move the car
probably get woken up people banging on
the window but whatever No
