I've been working this morning on some
videos now we're heading down for some
lunch at a Mexican restaurant when he
said it comes with chips
he literally meant
second course then all this is what is a
days it's a bacon that was a delicious
lunch now we're scrolling that's the
house for a little bit of my chill
today's another chill day this is the
last night we've got staying in the
house
I've really enjoyed staying in this kind
of really interesting they did I think
it's so easy to get used to the luxury
and niceness of LA or like hotels or
whatever it is there's something that
there's so much character in like these
kind of places in like I just love the
uniqueness and the cool little quirky
things and like half the buildings
falling down and stuff and this is cool
this is really cool
it doesn t remind me of America or
anything this is like tonight it's like
if some of the developing countries are
being around the world it's so rundown
there's coconut for dinner to the
Mexican restaurant cause one in a
million
what's happened though there's no okay
we found another Mexican restaurant this
is a phase a bit scared no this what's
good about this missus very authentic
New Mexico it's like
you know we did it it's gonna basically
this is my solution exports from ever
being just like when she plans to take a
drink or dishes for Spanish
so it turns out we we didn't actually go
out in the end we were gonna go
somewhere but um everyone was tired and
I had a lot of editing to be now these
days are difficult to vlog because I've
literally been sitting inside most the
day editing videos but when those videos
are done will be more fun for you guys
to watch tape is better in the long run
I don't know where I'm staying tomorrow
night yeah and I don't really know what
I'm doing from now until playlist I
don't know how I'm getting there so if
there's any office people driving from
Austin Texas to Florida Florida Orlando
let me know if not I'm probably gonna be
hitchhiking just for just for a laugh
sort of fun so tomorrow which is
Wednesday I'm going to be driving down
to San Antonio and I've been interviewed
by a guy called Ricardo and then
internet Radian thing but I already know
what's gonna happen but that's about 1
p.m.
whatever time zone I'm in I have no idea
hello it'll be fun
so tune in on link in the description to
that interviews you guys can come and
listen live oh I say a standard a I'm
gonna go to bed it's like 4:00 a.m. and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
