five a.m. I haven't actually slept I
probably like rest if like one hour and
we're about to catch a flight - I don't
even know where we're going where we
going oh I know Linux and then often
yeah I had to check in my other little
bag because I've got my skateboard and
she's like kind of free eye and say it
anyway but you know
hello lokrum so we landed in Phoenix and
we are now looking for our connecting
flights often by this plane looks a lot
smaller this plane it made this plane
looks tiny I can't even stand up in this
place straight the cannot stick my head
sitting fee that is a ridiculous tier
plane wing as they both just landed in
Austin really tired hadn't looks
snoozing the planes we're here and we're
gonna go figure out what's going on in
our lives so we just arrived at this
house the dates staying out with some
other guys but and we're not sure yet
whether there's room for me to stay here
we're not entirely sure whether this is
the house we just look around the back
and it's a bathtub in the garden so it
turns out I can
so I probably should find some
accommodation for the rest of the week
I think off you go homeless great sleep
somewhere like crazy maybe in the
bathtub outside Thunder they took out
this rundown house it's crazy
we walked along this wall and now we're
trying to climb down here I don't know
how this is going to work and monkey on
the shoulder what a monkey on earth
hippo checks out the conference for a
little bit now we're walking around some
bars
that's an amphibious bus everyone I want
one of these amphibious buses I can
drive in rivers and lakes and stuff I
just got the Batman piece of slice gonna
knock that back and then we can we're
gonna go back to the house for a little
nap before this evening cos they've made
basically understand it's a weird world
fun it's like half 9:00 or almost 10:00
at night I've just woken up
but I'm hopefully now gonna go and meet
George from fullscreen whoo I was doing
some kind of party thing and he's
invited me and maybe my mate Dave will
get out of it as well we'll see we'll
see what's going on
down there somewhere hopefully again and
find George well we just go ahead this
is a massive part I flew in this walk
straight in I don't know if you like
here every two hours you literally just
run straight up fast like 10,000 people
sorry sorry about that
just come out of the full screen point
we're gonna have a little wonder around
maybe you know maybe one of those
friends oh it's raining so bad okay
we're gonna take another
guys it's torrential with lightning
storm rain I'm actually given up running
because I'm already soaked to the bone
we're gonna put on your way back to the
the first club and hopefully go back to
George's house a little after party it's
finally stopped raining
we're now walking so where are we
we're at the mill some crazy join
outside of Austin where these guys from
fullscreen is staying like some crazy
Tower I can't wait to go out there
what's on your book about four or five
for the quarter to five that's not that
part of the plan Louis we're going on a
little tour we're gonna little summer
right well you let balcony bro the barn
doors like this oh wow very decorative
Wow
you wish blending with it yeah we have
to mid my face was not midnight 6
morning but that's like 6 a.m. it's the
end of the night I'm gonna go to sleep
now
and I'm probably gonna be dead to order
tomorrow but I don't know what's gonna
happen all right
