hey guys I'm stuck a new series called
my memories I'm going to be showing
videos from my life
some of them from a long time ago this
video is about a TV show that I was on
when I was 14 some of you may know I
decorate my bedroom as a jungle and I
entered it in a competition and this is
what happened I hope you enjoy our final
contender is 14 year old Louie calm from
Surrey whose room is literally out of
this world I've always been interested
in nature things and I've visited Kew
Gardens London butterfly house and
recently I've been to Malaysia with the
families quite inspiring in the jungle
limits spooky living in this room no
early you like it actually but I've had
a French exchange person came around
sleeping
he's quite scared for my words this
quite funny really it's like having your
bed in a cave like with it was really
fun sleeping under there how did you
actually do your waterfall here what we
did was we got some armed chicken wire
to make the actual shape of it roughly
then we put a sheet over it and put
plaster Paris around to mold around the
shapes and some hard time drawing foam
to make the please this effect here then
we put some fiberglass resin over the
whole thing to make it hard rock and
then we painted it is color and
varnished it so waterproof for the water
to flow down this is quite an unusual
covered isn't it most people keep sort
of socks and jumpers in cupboards yeah
I've got my clothes in a top section and
we cut out the bottom section here so he
could hide the tank in I also have full
view of them you gone how long do I
actually take you to do this room oh
about three years on and off I know
holidays and weekends
if you got into the final you'd have to
do a room in three days do you think you
could do it yeah I probably won't be
able to do it as much details which room
what sort of thing like to do our
sinking
maybe a topical island or something I'm
going onto the beach maybe with some
trees and then and then you can see the
water level maybe above and under the
water with the fish some rocks coming
out how is she looks a lot hello welcome
to a very special edition of home front
we're here at this crest development in
Wainscott Kent for our very first junior
decorator final the standard of entries
was incredibly high but from the
hundreds we received we could only
choose three finalists in the blue
corner 14 year old Louie Cole and his
helper Andrew Lyne saw Louie's stun the
judges with his jungle bedroom complete
with running waterfall he's all set to
create a fantasy island they face the
huge challenge of having to decorate a
bedroom from scratch in just three days
and with a budget of only 300 pounds
well I was hoping to achieve a tropical
island and sort of scheme I'm going to
have the sea coming up to a slope and
then a raised platform and then have the
bed at the same level and has some doors
on it I've also painted and cut out some
palm trees and rocks and things on the
island I decided to have a bubbling Rock
pour in thee in the corner I think
something like Louie and may not have
considered from his drawings how large
that bed was going to look Louie and
Andrews painting schedule was set to be
a long haul they also had a mountain of
work for Jake the carpenter oh the beige
is that right yep can you explain it to
me a little bit more ah well the beds
here are we here it's insane here yeah
yeah ah so what was this oh yeah that's
that's the arm slope coming down from
the platform the limp yeah the ramp
horses in tail here oh yeah um oh
thinking of having um half round
yourself in space going other side of
the window yeah to look like a sort of a
beach hut record lovely
alright all done what do you think
it's brilliant just a job yes perfect
Wow transform this room what is this oh
it's the platform which you want to have
the bed honking to in the rock pool and
a palm tree coming out so it's a rock
pool gonna be working yeah it's gonna be
like bubbling you seemed really
organized how much preparation have you
done been doing kind of preparation it's
certainly paid off Louie is very clear
at what he wanted to do as a theme
before came here as busy time and we had
a lot to do getting things together no
this is a lot of driving around
collecting things looking at carpets
paint colors and so on it rooms great
either this just doesn't really go into
the scheme yeah well that's why we're
ready to rock thanks Alan
Wow
this is spectacular it's absolutely
amazing
she's doing here um well I've traced
from these books and dolphins and
projected onto the wall so I can get the
proportion right so I don't color that
I've read you a little bit that's it
that's it fine
how did you decide what things to bring
with you uh well we thought of all the
things that we could bring and we can
pick the best ones up what have you got
man uh we brought a palm tree to put in
that corner yeah and a bubbling rock for
a hammock and then a beanbag that's a
rock in that corner how you do you wanna
show Jules doing them but yeah yeah not
panicking at all not yet
boy we've been shipwrecked this Anneli
this is extraordinary what I mean what
is this there this is like an upturned
boat no slope going up to my flat form
which is the beach is there the island
quite actually kind of boat come Beach
come platform come bed come yeah yeah
you've got five hours gonna get it done
ah all right Jay gherkin you're gonna
get everything done in time no money
taking now of course you're a builder if
it leaves up is one good one I made
earlier
bubbling rock fill in your bedroom look
we go 1 minutes ago
planter's punch mrs. Collins you know so
look this is very clever
I think Poulos huh yes you need to take
a porridge I don't think I'd like to
sleep on that pineapple
new experience yeah another was a
coordinating blue of the sky bed allows
it yeah look at that
that is great it's a different texture
mmm I think the main thing is just a
kind of whole change and has perspective
how to treat your room and he's done
this cool area that raises up time he's
actually thought about the bed you know
that again yeah get rid of the bed and
he still got all that use press on the
headboard this doesn't Rock yeah I think
it means anything as well as the kind of
detail was worth I mean you know he's
doing it so much yes
no he's a very very I think like this
perspective as well like that's under
the water in this and then the scone
weenies are great it shows an awful lot
of talent hmm at the beginning I didn't
really enjoy it because we were painting
the see in the sky mainly the bulk of
paint when we got into the animals in
detail once the carpet was in I really
enjoyed after I'm feeling quite
confident but still a bit nervous
they're nervous here well this is the
moment I'm completely nervous about this
and I've had all your eyes looking at me
yeah so terrified about I can't bear to
think about it any rules that Kevin CAI
hand over to you too and that's the
window yeah yeah we're just on equal
tenterhooks I have to tell you if this
is anything to go by then the quality of
interior decoration to design in this
country is assured forever
and I for one are going to be out of a
job they deplore bats but yeah we've got
three prizes here I mean and there's a
big one in the middle and I had to say
yep judges always say this you know oh
if only we could give it to everybody we
would do but we had really great
difficulty we'd really like to have all
these do the same size because we really
couldn't couldn't decide but there has
to be one person who takes this big one
and so by a hair's breadth in fact no a
microns breath
it's Louie
