it's time for some breakfast it's 6:00
p.m. and we're off to jump in the box
with some breakfast this is an original
song we're getting a hot mess burgers
the phone was half a man my period so we
got we got some hot mess wedges and hot
mess burgers it's actually raining this
is a rare thing for California right we
are now leaving on operation daemon
extraction over a break over operation
we're gonna drive to his house he
doesn't know we're coming we're gonna
we're just gonna kidnap in we're just
gonna take him it's gonna be like takin
move over entries
okay we're in the complex we're in the
complex
nice sweater
oh you guys in the voting we've captured
a man we're gonna kidnap okay we've got
Damon back ladies and gentlemen we're
gonna learn two things how to
successfully apprehended said and target
first draw your weapon sure I think you
took it too far man that's right we're
going skating I've got my skater but
look it's actually raining it's raining
this is job Louie works for business
office he works as a strategic insurance
he's not a blogger
nice together
even if it is just to the top pocket so
it's gonna say parking lot then I was
actually gonna say awesome no I think on
me getting Americanized my words
becoming American that's bad enough
I need to stay true I'm a true worry I'm
getting guys we've had a terrible
see how it's all combo just hang in
there man if you start losing
consciousness we need to know Ken he's
fine he's fine
jokes jokes I bet you guys who gets the
time it is it's raining and there's a
hot tub outside the range really cold
I'm just skyping Alexa I'm just gonna
make it really awkward now these are the
entertaining
we were both sitting here and on skype
and we're really doing our channel
designs because YouTube have messed up
everything they've ruined their prints I
say we're both doing that so check out
the new channel design let me know in
the comments what you guys think about
it click through to my channel let me
know there's nothing wrong there there's
nothing I can do about it anyway but I
just I'm interested I don't like it it's
time for bed it's been a fun day
I'll catch you guys tomorrow peace out
