right I'm about to go off the full
screens have a meeting with my friend
George you guys that was the worst
pile-up
I've seen that was crazy or certified
calm I love your eyes at the run
so I just had a long meeting with George
I'm just leaving the fullscreen offices
now I'm returning the rental car now
hopefully won't get stuck too much
traffic
okay now we say we're gonna go and grab
a Starbucks chew up a little bear that's
very very kinda nice here
such a gentleman
so we're back at the house today there's
been a lot of it having any kind of
stuff like running errands and driving
around sort of stuff fast so hopefully
we can have a nice relaxed evening I
think we're gonna hit the jacuzzi again
it is chilly tonight and this is just
gonna make little easy even better let's
go kind of boring you guys just watch me
sitting in the jacuzzi every vlog I
really need to I'm going to show you
guys a little bit better what's up to
going on here I show you the other day
but there's people around I didn't want
to intrude in their privacy but there's
actually this fireplace is literally
right next to the jacuzzi
look how sweet is that I think that is
super awesome
some droids offer Alberta Jersey it's
been a very relaxing night of just being
literally Chilean ice we fell asleep for
a few hours yeah this is my friend Steve
I've been up all night and Skype to
those different friends say hi Steve
we're planning some very exciting trips
later in the year which you know top
secret but I'll let you know
what about them we're gonna need some
cool videos and stuff so as I said I'm
skyping also editing a lot of videos
tonight and I think it's about time for
bed it's light outside it's actually 7
a.m. look look at this massive clock
that Sears got on his TV just to remind
me that it is in fact 7:00 a.m.
and yeah I'm still in Japanese to him
even though it's been like a week since
we got back it's really bad but you know
I've had a productive night it's been
good today in general hasn't been
particularly eventful and so sorry if
it's boring for you guys just to watch
but you know I want to vlog every day
some days are gonna be more exciting
than others but anyway um I'm gonna I
think I'm gonna sleep okay so guys
tomorrow peace out bye
