there's another morning and I'm a cup of
coffee we're still here with Matt and
leaders still in bed I think yeah and
hopefully we're gonna film some some
videos today oh we've got a few weird
foods which I'm gonna eat
Matt's gonna eat for his dare Matt G
challenge this is gonna be pretty
disgusting I've got some beef boil this
is stomach acid and cow and we got some
really intense wasabi stuff okay we're
coming outside just in case one of us
vomits which there is a strong chance
- I actually retch just smelling it
let's track down into the woods to find
there a nice little spot to do some
filming I feel really sick guys one of
the things you did was drink this cow
boil and we read off which it may
contain bacteria that could cause
illness if the product is mishandled or
cooked in properly we didn't even cook
it at all we just drank it raw and it's
been sitting out of fridge for two days
so I think I've put some very harmful
bacteria inside me and I feel really
rough guys bad news I just threw up
everywhere I read like that's never
happened I've never eaten something as a
challenge and in vomited but that was
violent how violent was that you were
just talking and then you just like
pulled the trashcan and you're faced
with you you drop your laptop and your
face fell into the truck your head was
in the trash you were almost doing a
handstand up on the couch yeah I felt
like I was gonna die guys never do that
never drink beef boil and never eat that
kind of that amount of wasabi I don't
know what it was or it may be as a hop
hop of what like a joke drank ketchup
which is high in sodium okay I'm feeling
a little bit better but we're gonna tell
him to try to survive the drive back to
LA we're going see you later guys
but we're leaving so late on please
return them rental car I'm especially
having a meeting mrs. plate my doors
open looks my door is slightly ajar the
radio still there we've got back I was
supposed to return the rental car
tonight but there's too much traffic and
have to rent it for another day and I
missed my meeting and I'm still feeling
a bit sick today's not my day
another time in the jacuzzi it dawned on
me today that I'm not really enjoying
some of the food fillory stuff I do
that's probably not a surprise to a lot
of you and I don't blame a lot of youth
not even wanting to watch the videos
that's cool because I do actually enjoy
making vlogs and doing travel stuff a
lot more than the food's disgusting food
eating videos and after today it's the
first time well today's the first time
I've actually made myself throw up from
eating something and I don't know it
just made me think I do want to keep
doing this or is there another direction
I can I can take the channel in like can
you guys think of any cool ideas are
like how it could still be eating
related but maybe not as disgusting
maybe a bit more family-friendly I don't
know I guess the foot problem is it is
all about the shock value of it but if
you could leave in the comments below
any ideas you guys have got of like what
I could do with food for Louie and how
it could be how old maybe I could avoid
vomiting again because that was that was
nasty
I don't like that I prefer just having
fun and hanging their friends and stuff
but anyway yeah leaving the comments
that'd be cool I got my hair wet in the
jacuzzi I'm gonna have to use a
hairdryer because as you may know takes
days my hair to dry
Sears cook some spaghetti bolognaise
it's not even done yet
line them up put the sauce in there's a
secret ingredient my sauce - I'm not
gonna tell you - not gonna tell you on
camera you off the charts okay okay the
cameras off the cameras over it starts
with a see um all right now it's not
cowboy or is it follow sear on Instagram
is very important yeah do that now like
to pause the video go there yeah follow
an Instagram combat and then you go see
a picture of all the spaghetti but I'm
having a second helping you spaghetti
bolognaise we're now watching a
fascinating documentary about North
Korea North Korea have their own
internet separate from the real internet
they don't have YouTube crazy
Ben another fun day I've fully recovered
now from the incident earlier and I'm
looking forward to a good night's sleep
peace out see you tomorrow
