it's been another lazy day and I'm just
watching sere over here kind of CBeebies
into a banana why isn't it working man
oh my god
what what why it's good
yep just kind of aim a little higher
than the target with great power comes
great responsibility
I just want to say I don't condone
firearms I don't condone shooting people
and then really like real guns I do
that's her thing
but that was pretty awesome this is the
second attempt to getting the jacuzzi it
was a horrible failure last night
because we left the to later
this is Kelvin he's Stefan's brother I
didn't introduce him properly yesterday
he's rocking there what's that board
called some people noticed I like it I
was thinking about getting a longboard
but I don't think I'm quite ready yet
I'm gonna practice on my tiny board a
bit more and then you can teach you some
skills
it's looking good oh that is amazing
guys check this out what is fireplace in
the next to the jacuzzi this is its if
that's pretty incredible
it's an amazing hot sensation I'm a big
fan of the fire I was just saying
imagine if some live jazz playing maybe
like a chocolate fondue next to us this
is idea I don't think I'm gonna make
that happen somehow
just got back look at the carnage from
us shooting these bananas there yeah
that is that is so we're heading out for
some food and then we're gonna pop in
and see stuff on film a little video
your eggs worthless
I think we're going to speed it did you
think how big this burger is this is a
fat burger will you send another burger
man it's a fat burger this is the most
ineffective sprinkler I've ever seen
that is just pouring no other than what
is trying to water it's a little bit
excessive
there's a lot one plant there we're now
at Target and Sears getting naked for
some reason why are you getting naked
man why am I getting naked this he does
it sometimes a time just spontaneous
takes of his clothes it's really
embarrassing in public places I'm like
see I see her come on now but your
clothes back on
no good anyway really he's he's he's
dressing for a video which we're about
the film it's top secret though you can
check that out on Stefan's main channel
which I'll link below I don't know when
he's gonna put it up probably like it's
only gonna be months isn't it
the women of Matano is so funny she
sounds like cherry probably good at the
end of the day they're home now did you
get your video shot yeah I Stefani
because we had to keep waiting for
customers to go we're having a very
man's evening in shooting bananas
earlier and now watching UFC so it's
been a pretty chilled day I'm actually
really enjoying unwinding after the few
weeks we've had in Japan and yeah I'm
gonna call it a night I'll catch you
guys tomorrow
peace out
