hello everyone sorry it's been a while
we were in Japan and we couldn't upload
vlogs because we were filming another
video and there was some complications
but anyway I'm back in LA and I'm
staying with fear for a little bit
even most Suzuki and we are still in
Japanese time so I got up at like 4:00
p.m. so I don't know what's gonna happen
today because it was up in the Sun yeah
I've just been lying down and it's
already like it's really like the sun's
already set and that we are skyping with
Poppy hey papi so yeah okay so another
little shade smarten up a bit remember
the time I used um hair removal cream
just crying being like that's a bad name
there you go nicely shaven clean-shaven
and I sneeze show you guys saying I
don't often get excited about the police
but I'm Jamie
the British climber IIST is has tweeted
me about watching my mouth shape video
so we're gonna go get some food say
weird name as well
unless which the vlogs up a bit on
instead of gonna make instead of calling
them the u.s. trip vlogs or whatever
appointment this is just my life now I'm
not gonna label it I'm just gonna I'm
gonna live my life yeah because I don't
know what country I'm gonna be in we are
gangster food but we're also gonna say
hello to Stephane who works here what's
going on he's with the customer he's a
boy abort mission abort mission
I found a very interesting new names
fizzy drink called squirts I'm so glad
this drink has 33% less calories I was
really worried
I wouldn't drop that I was like this
string has far too many calories and
then I saw that and it said 30 groups
and less calories I was like okay we're
back with the groceries tell me about
this fight you and Damon had last night
a man in that got a little rough side
about me and show me this wound I went
under like this one okay we need to see
the wind we need somebody waiting
everything
Oh Dana came back scratched me like the
little witch that you did that is very
violent medicine so right now the
cooking process is going smoothly I'm
cleaning out the rice cooker I'm gonna
cook some rice and Daymond and Louie are
going to be severely pleased with my
cooking sorry I think I'm salon so right
now things are looking pretty tasty
I got spinach tofu eggplant it smells
delicious
oh my sister things delicious right now
this is gonna be good
this looks good look at tofu peppers
cabbage rice we're about to go in the
hot tub but in the meantime I've been
just snooping around
Sears house a little bit I'd like to
stay for this cupboard and there's an
array of weeks almost as if he's trying
to be someone else like he's kind of
here's these other identities and like
some very interesting clothing oh wow
that is well I think Sam would wear this
I host straight up things that much what
do you think this is
I'm so excited it's it's half-past ten
it's 1:30 in the morning so it's
probably time for us to go Oh guys guys
see this went flying like you broke all
your ribs oh why did I feel that this
this is not a good idea this no I'm not
there okay let's try it let's try it
this is scary man oh that's gonna be
bumping whoa
Louie let me go ahead of you
so we go back from skating see his
injuries
quite funny how you feeling with your
little injury there like a boss bro
listen why we fall semester and I'll
leave you go to that word of wisdom and
love see probably tomorrow he's out
