there was another day and something
happened yesterday which is quite bad
but Sam didn't luggage so this is a
little clip of what happened yesterday
to Sam's laptop Sam just spill his
chocolate milkshake I'm not even joking
literally all over each macbook pro this
is shouldn't even be on camera this is
serious oh no it went all in it went all
in the keyboard yeah
another day of skating we're back at the
Grove and getting to eat breakfast I
don't think we're supposed to skate in
it we might try and get away with it
there's like angry-looking secure
America we're here with mahogany she's
got the pig remember when the meet up
straight we're gonna get some lunch is
it lunchtime yay lunch we're at a
brazilian churrascaria which i had a lot
of when I was in Brazil this is awesome
this is all really Brazilian apart on
the spicy chicken I was living in Brazil
for three months and they don't have
spicy food so that's not chilin bar this
is very Brazilian to that
CS best ride piranha wait wait Shane was
it taste like
it's like a garage we've had a delicious
lunch now coming on skate in the Sun on
somebody for a little bit let my food
good out of skating not good stray off
the food okay see is going to attempt
the difficult
Wow guys I just seen the funniest thing
my mama is uploaded a YouTube video a
song she's written about me you need to
go and watch it I'll play I'll play you
a clip you need to go and watch it it's
called food for Louie Blues I put it do
is my mum mum for Louie I'm gonna put it
in the description now if you click
that's where I'll stolen video is being
uploaded already has two thousand I'm
taking out the trash taken out the trash
well it's actually rubbish but you know
trash rim look shouldn't I this burger
really we are heading down to a
Valentine's party that's being put on by
this apartment complex happy Valentine's
you do are you turns out this food down
here actual food if you've ever wondered
what's inside the veggie burger
oh do you like my outfit I like this
Allah it's good for your career look at
my valentine early but that's my last
day Sam is a master of origami show us
what you made there oh sorry about that
ninja star I got thrown a toy space I
mean ya go whoever we are
restaurant ninjas guys this is the
craziest tree I've ever ever met you can
punch his hard Sawyer you love this man
so I quick guys we have made this friend
of amigo he's amazing his name's Martin
we're gonna we're gonna next couple of
days link a YouTube video that's going
to cut up and this is this is an
exciting time for everyone it's been a
fun day I'm chilled now just winding
down with the evening and I've got the
same really funny to tell you guys my
mum's been really inspired by me
vlogging and she really loves the fun
for Louie channel not so keen on the
food fillory channel but she's been so
inspired about the vlogging that she's
actually started vlogging which came to
a big surprise to me and but I'd love it
if you guys could go and check out her
vlogs obviously she's new so um you know
don't be too harsh and I she's she's
learning but I really loved her first
vlog it's about me growing up and blows
and stuff like that but go and check it
out um it's Liz coal blocks it's my mum
Liz Cove vlogs and link it in the
description and you can click here and
and go and say some nice things that are
cool all right
