I was chatting to my friend Tessa
meekakitty and she said oh you should go
to this church in Hollywood so that's
where we're going this morning I do you
think should be super super happy yeah
it's gonna be kind of cheesy but you
know we are now heading to silver very
hilarious video on Venice Beach
should be fun so we run away to Venice
Beach we picked up somewhere and we're
gonna get like to eat maybe first I love
that Cobell volcano burrito that's right
well you didn't get it drilled on the
outside doesn't matter I'm just coming
to the toilets in Taco Bell I just want
to make an observation I never
understand the way to do this there's a
you Rhino and a toilet in the same room
with one lockable door so I can pee in
both of those but why why they got them
both there why then they just put a
cubicle run this one then two people can
go to the toilet at the same time
definitely definitely then uh someone
explain see someone explain to me boy
less though Jack Lewis blood we're in
Venice be shooting the prank for sale
now you guys know me but you've never
really talking like this me and who
you're trying to say where we switch
cameras and we're gonna
- we just know each other's cameras so
you really get hijacked shoot on the
beach fears just arrived and now we're
going to get six drinks it is a very
sunny day there's a helicopter circling
the beach for some reason there's so
much going on in Venice pieces like ever
escape put it around there's basketball
game games going on this weightlifting
feel like this is the most multicultural
part of la's like every single like
everyone fits it they bring chains on
and doing chin-ups this is crazy
guys that's funny this is make other way
what's your it sounds back from doing
the secret prank which is going to drop
on Tuesday so make sure you guys watch
watch the video channel and now I'm
gonna go and head and buy my own
skateboard because I'm borrowing sears
but he's back now so we're gonna get
I'm gonna get my penny board in here I
think I'm gonna go for this purple one
so I've got my penny board this is
looking pretty sick sunset in Venice
skating ice only one of these buses we
are at the Grove gonna get some food
after that long hard day of filming and
inducing skating and stuff we're going
to go to the back we're sitting outside
this is really nice heat is on the
ceiling which people that's food coma
that's what I hope times I'm chillin in
the Masters chair is my next really
perfect from head banging we did the
Harlem shake the other night we should
give you guys having checks out on South
channel check out it was mental tomorrow
we are going to get a little minivan
it's very excited I'm excited I'm you
might seen it in the vlog the other day
if everything goes to plan we're gonna
get it and hopefully do some road
tripping in it so yeah check out sounds
vlog tomorrow and you'll be able to see
that whole thing but I
