hi my name's Richard I'm an electrical
engineer on Google technology
morning guys we are just leaving the
treehouse village move out to go on an
adventure on quad bikes and briers going
to join from the Jeep we're going to go
and visit and be kids maybe see a
waterfall and got some takeout lunch
with us okay I'm ready
these boys are leave enough on their
motorbike yeah
right with discord over we're going to
go and check out a local waterfall up
here so nice driving a quad bike through
these little villages and stuff such a
beautiful country
yeah
oh my gosh I'm so tempted to jump in
look so refreshing
the boys are like beckoning me they're
like come on messenger or maybe on the
way back
you
Roka stop for this little fruit stool
can we get some lunch
hello hello one bomb
I'm Luis Arizona Maradona women murdered
or Maradona yeah Dominic are a bully ha
ha yeah we had this with all its like
walks around the chocolately so guys you
might recognize these from when I was in
the Ivory Coast at the cocoa plantation
this dude here is making some fresh
chocolate yeah how's that how's the job
they're quite bitter because there's no
added sugar there's no added sugar wow
this is proper dark chocolate banana
chocolate and banana see my favorite
things
how's that this is all locally grown
stuff
okay have one dilemma senator Organa Co
coffee
Arabica no perfect handling make a face
you think it'll suck in rice and beans
really
all right
so the other day we took a little boat
out to some beaches and I said on that
vlog that that was the best beach in the
Dominican Republic but I got mixed up
this was actually the best beach that
they told us that we're coming to so
yeah this beats the other one a little
bit as much as I like remote beaches
it's nice to having facilities and a
little restaurant available and yeah
this is this is so f ed life because
it's in a little code you can look
across and see the mountains outside and
the beach stretches all the way around
and then apparently over that that
little section there it's way more
remote and it's like unspoiled and no
tourists really go down that way so you
might go and check that out next
High Times goes to an egg
Ryder pointed out it's actually a good
thing that it clouded over a little bit
because we both call quite badly burn
the other day and my back is only just
starting to recover I know you can get
still burn through clouds but this is
this is pretty good cloud cover I think
we'll be alright guys we're just going
Lightning by night it's going to be a
storm we didn't get to me because I'm
Pequod Viking back to 300 riah's got a
car so we can keep sine other way it is
it doesn't ever root I mean it's one of
over Mia does
Oh
so just went for a little drone flight
and the birds were getting so close I
don't know what type of birds they are
they kind of look like vultures or some
things like there's some kind of better
price but yeah they were they were going
in where are we going to leave this
Beach now and we're heading around the
bay to a place where they filmed there's
one of the locations that I filmed the
latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie so
we're going to go check that out
unfortunately it's not sunny and I think
it's like stunning when it's like bright
sunshine they're still going to be
pretty cool
okay we've arrived at this location it's
tied to properly rain now so we're not
going to hang around long but it's
actually the third part of the Caribbean
moving its parent when they're in both
traveling to visit a witch or something
and this is the stretch of the river
it's like so vibrant blue absolutely
incredible Wow
hey buddy
okay guys we're almost back hi I got
caught in the heaviest rain storm that's
definitely a first for me driving a quad
bike through the rain like heavy rain I
had to put my sunglasses on just so I
wasn't getting like hit in the face by
raindrop oh my gosh I've soaked to the
bone I need to get back to the tree
house and warm up Oh
how you feeling good you keep trying
head I think oh I know it's so beautiful
to tell pink is all the Thunder sounds
crazy as well guys check how fast the
river flowing this was just a trickling
little stream this morning whoa so looks
like the storm hit the treehouse village
pretty hard
and the power's out at the moment of
getting a tree take down one of the
powerlines I'm going to get changes from
dry clothes and snuggle up for a little
bit before dinner
guys look at this rain this is crazy
under storm has finally passed and count
was absolutely not I think that's one of
the craziest storms have ever been it
literally its accountant power in the
local town I was told like it blew
everyone's appliances because they don't
have surge protectors so like people's
TV broke and everything is lightning
struck some of the I don't like whatever
it was the electricity lines anyway this
will calm down they managed to get the
power back on and yeah the rain has
passed I can still hear the river
roaring in the background so we'll see
what I want to see how deep it is
tomorrow and whether it's as mental as
it was tonight tomorrow we're going to
be doing something very different we're
going to be going and visiting a clinic
where some dentist from the US or
volunteering time to go and help local
people with dental work and they're
actually staying here at the treehouse
village they've all come in and there's
like loads of people a like forty people
maybe dentist and today was the first
day so we were hanging out with some of
them tonight and yet tomorrow they're
going to be in a clinical day so we'll
be able to go and see the work they're
doing and took the organization that
goes to different places around the
world kind of hosting teams like this so
that's going to be really interesting
and cause documents and show you guys
and yes I'm about to retire in the in
our tree house thought it looks like an
evening rise just downstairs brushing
your teeth but this is pretty epic isn't
it guys this is
it's been a long time coming but finally
getting to stay at the top of the tree
in a treehouse there's one of the things
I needed to tick off my bucket list
right catch guys in the morning
peace doubt enjoy life a little
adventure
