well I actually got up pretty early this
morning and I am heading to get a rental
car so I got an upgrade this is the car
running
looks pretty snazzy right I've driven
across LA to come and get my friend's
puppy then we're going to go and do
something this is poppy and we are now
going to go to this really cool cafe I
don't know they let me film inside but
it's basically set up to help
rehabilitate ex-gang members into like
work and stuff so we've just had a
coffee and this this cafe called
homegirl cafe or something I'm just
looking at this receipt is really cool
ticket thank you for supporting homeboy
social enterprises your additional
donation helps to sustain all the free
services we provide to formally gang
involved men and women working to change
their lives that's really cool we're
going to go to might find someone who
runs the cafe tonight now see they give
us a tour tax was this is Vance he's
going to take us around and show us a
bit about what a homeboy industries do
and the work they're doing in the
community so how long have you been
involved with homeboy industries I've
been known about it for almost 25 years
I've been involved after working here
for years I got out after seven twenty
nine years in prison and I've been here
ever since and what they did was they
helped glue me and help me with the
daily functions over r-e living in
society again so there's this whole herb
garden and it's just growing on a wall
like this they have to waster the land I
like that that's utilizing space right
so how many people are involved with
homeboy industries like how many people
are in kind of the project welcome right
now we have employed with us over 200
people
this is a
a homeless cafe see here they've
home brother here who employment
training out to our customer service and
the restaurant industries right this is
a tattoo removal we did been from 19
November we did a one hundred eight
hundred and forty four type tools we try
not to move it anybody in the whole
world in a free yeah anywhere now
anywhere from down here your neck and
your face we won't hurt you at all in
your head
yeah that's the deficits any other gang
member see is your rival Gangnam that's
you did this right here is one of two
classes that we run all day long Osman
Bey and Clara from be so is there a real
sense of family and community with
everyone that like it belongs and watch
say something say because then what
happens in under transformation America
take place here if I do you stop seeing
me as your Indian doing
more like yeah so it's like uniting
everyone to the exact this is our baby
now here and our bakery you see the guys
and girls in our bakery that works you
guys looked at anything this new image
is working we and there we see the magic
of what this place is done and that's
true for individuals to work side by
side see each other's human me normally
the news what men killing each other
because you're all from rival gangs what
message would you get people watching
this video well I believe in fact that
it's not my pass that defines me this
way on today the device from New York
you know I mean we all make mistakes
yeah you know but it's a mistake shape
just by who you're from West a lot
dollars mistake I've never met my one
person who thanks a lot Vance what did
you think of that puppy the know he
heard much of what Vance was saying in
there but it's really inspiring story
basically spent 29 years in prison and
then had to kind of come out and try and
readjust to life and got involved with
homeboy industries which helped him kind
of get out the gang life and that whole
culture and gave him something to hope
for and he's kind of he's been achieving
the dreams he's been wanting to do and
he said he's got his own place now and
he's at college and he was just saying
like this whole thing's like one big
family and they're really supporting
younger guys that trying to get out the
gang lifestyle and giving them job and
some you know somewhere to belong so
it's actually amazingly inspiring and I
think this is an incredible thing and
the guy who's run it was this guy called
father Greg which meaning it's me but he
sounds pretty amazing so I'll link to
their website in the description and you
can learn a bit more movie ok turns out
accidentally driving to angle with which
apparently is a little dangerous you
scared puppy
hopefully we're not victims of some
random driveway it's kind of going
through around here go me and pop you're
scrolling down for Venice Beach to have
a look around this is the skate park I
think we're going to come down here in
the next couple of days with the penny
board I don't think we going to do the
bowl but Sam's going to teach me to
skate a bit check and check out some
these guys Venice is now there's a lot
of really crazy characters down because
it's cracked character it is pretty
crazy food just had a fun time on Venice
Beach and we got a little coffee and
chocolate thing and ice cream and now
we're going to head back and see what
Sam and soy are up to is everyone like
what these dress I really like it it's
cool it's like made of it's like a big
jumper base it's a natural hog dress
that's cool I like that before we go up
with just realised poppy matches Soyuz
car so we're just going to do a little
photo shoot we're just leaving so as
apartment something really really really
bad happens Sam just snapped off no
that's very funny because I was just
locking it it was so soft like Jenny
so it wasn't Sam's fault I was here he
wasn't forcing it so the key must just
be dodgey assign it snapped off probably
what should we do
give us some female advice leave it
she's just a she's like one sleeve it we
left say I'm trying to fix the lock and
we're gonna head off hopefully he mends
it or something we are now going into
the apartment where people stay okay
we're here we're probably staying really
dark in here who are you I am Damon how
are you I'm good guys good here under my
suit studio sure
Oh like we vlog in the testa vlogging
the tester and puppy showing her new
dress sweater dude spenders do it well
this is crazy unplugging and Instagram
that you take was her on skype but that
is thinking that's crazy name is gonna
show us his new bed you've been
constructing this for like the Wow yeah
he did it all by all actually I've been
doing it
no no no the souther and watch me and
the thing is is um in America we don't
believe in mattresses we just believe in
putting a beanbag in the middle of the
frame so that the frames here but you
can nor the frame you just yeah
decoration no point of this it you know
just a really uncomfortable Dean that
has what we do
in here I like it a lot yeah but we're
gonna go and get some stuff like
somebody hungry
Selita we just got back to the car and I
just my pocket in this around the place
alarm I can pull you back here it's like
a tow truck towing somebody else so I
was like really worried I'll know the
car's gonna be towed but it looks like
okay I'm driving back now the Soyuz
house I've had a lovely day there's
quite inspirational going to the homeboy
industries place and it was lovely
hanging out and copy you can check out
Papi's YouTube I'll link in the
description she's a singer just a
reminder if you haven't already go and
download Josh records for your love new
single my good friend Josh records and
we're trying to get them really high up
in the iTunes charts like I'll link that
underneath okay so guys think of the
day's yourself
