good morning I've just got up and I'm
about to do a Skype interview with
website called new media rockstars and
they've asked me to set up a little
camera I'm just cooking some lunch I'm
cooking some beef a lot right here
beef pot rice that I found that I
covered but I don't know you can see
this but the sale Boyd day is June 2012
which was a while ago we're going
shopping for food healthy food hopefully
and we're taking a penny boards well I'm
not very good at skateboarding I just
had a little full into some mud wasn't
too bad this is crazy
right we've arrived at Ralph's for some
food shopping we're each gonna go and
trolley and take a border so many
healthy cereals here no sugar additives
fuel healthy food we did not think ahead
we have to know skate back with lots of
shopping bags Oh exhausting exhausting
we have fun well
Hayden hitch you missed us you missing
Sylvia oh yeah I forgot the stage Toya
has gone to Las Vegas for like two days
that's why he's not around
please let's say the earlier hope he's
having a good time but salmon Sierra
just had a fight and Sam's finding some
comfort with it no I mean I'm fine I've
got me in the pin/pendant
know let's go your way in general mark
here on the wrist there are you going
about where they actually pulled out
gone halfway across the Catherine
whereas where we going Sam we're going
on a bike ride going on a bike right now
we're actually gonna get some bubble tea
we're going for the ride yeah bring it
anyway ride
I love going away my adventures I'm so
used to just like lounging around all
evening playing Minecraft and now we're
going on a real adventure this salmon
sea is Instagram Carsten hunka me like
I'm not allowed to be on the road or
something
they're crazy maybe I should have likes
to be in it but I live life in the edge
changes my middle name I'm just seeing
the coolest outfit ever like oceans
adventure which one do you think Sam
should buy from Frank
everyone comment below is it gonna be
the pink bear the little alien oh my
gosh it's closed
we just came all the way here and it's
closed we just cycle three miles and
their bubble tea strips close to try and
persuade them to give us bubble tea I
don't think it's gonna work chand
understand okay the guys go in the
gutter
why construction crew or your
construction Kurt we're in a Korean
version of Starbucks and we put our
bikes inside and this security guard
looks there noise
do not gonna hand and take them out
that's a trip hazard health and safety
so I'm super upset that we can get bomb
our partners and make them up for a
little bit chocolate cheesecake and
Lou's got mango smoothie ready without
fueled up Bango smoothies we're back to
bikes
we're back from an awesome adventure it
was a failed bubble tea bubble tea
adventure but you know here's you just
chit helping we're just gonna chill and
that's probably gonna be the end of the
night so I'll catch you guys in a couple
of days you're gonna do a vlog tomorrow
Sam yeah Samuel do a vlog tomorrow so
watch that peace out
