this is very British it's been raining
it's actually been raining this like
never happened tonight we get this
weather like maybe three four days a
year this is crazy
but it's not actually that cold Bay but
we are off to the tips
but I've ducks out with the gym and
session I feel really sick exercise I do
want to do it but it's a lot of effort
in there oh I think I need to work my
way up Cecilia's level so Sam and Sierra
back how did it go give us a little give
us a little demonstration of what what
one of the line that says first of all
he was acting on this like show you this
morning oh you spy so the question is do
you guys when you are in or we're at
school we call you lunch box because
somebody put raw bacon in your all right
I've just been doing some editing and
some bits of my computer and now I'm
gonna go down and grab a hot tub in the
spa area and that should be pretty
relaxing nice looking forward to that
with this kind of rainy weather and all
these tropical plants in the apartment
complex I feel kind of locking in the
jungle pretty cool
my head's gonna take about three days to
dry
but it's worth it right
what's happened to wrap my dreads off
Nagy's they're soaking wet
I literally tripped myself in that still
41 help mark
joy is having a little misogynist there
Alexis arise pitch it's perfect
okay we ordered takeout foods
two hours ago and them soya just spicy
or point delivered our car via Twitter I
hate them I hate you I'm gonna saw his
car with him and we're gonna draw well
nothing lasts long as your sushi rice
this is a really weird time of day to
have a nap what's under it's 9:00 p.m.
I'm gonna be up late that Lex is off
fine well I'm gonna get this in your
blog so you have to you guys aren't
allowed to make milkshakes without okay
ever again okay I promise that likes to
literally just came around I just fell
asleep huh so the boys have just got
back off to being out all day what if
you go in your hand via to an iPhone 5s
and see the spectators was highly
recommend a night is arousing and can't
read my password fudge and one day what
can I say I am rule having it's nice
quick sweet fast iPhone 5 strongly if
you haven't checked out already I did a
draw my life video which you can click
to year and check that out let me know
what you think it's me drawing my life
story
