hey guys today I am gonna be making a
different type of video I don't usually
do these sit-down videos but now I have
an office space for a little time whilst
I'm in Cape Town this is the perfect
opportunity and I have been requested
for a number of years from I see in the
comments you guys always ask me please
show us how you edit your instagrams how
to use Lightroom and that is what I'm
going to attempt to do today this is my
first kind of tutorial video I would
love to do more of these especially now
I've got this set up I would love to
show you how I edit my vlogs and what
are we doing now is sharing my screen on
the video and talking you through and
you're going to see how I do things so
here we go so what I've done is I've
grabbed a number of images from
different trips over the last couple of
years representing different types of
places I've been in so a few from kind
of tropical locations I think this is
Hawaii and the Maldives and then kind of
more evening Twilight sunset shots I
think this is Hawaii South of France
Hawaii then I've gone for shots I did in
Iceland which were a bit more kind of
overcast tundra then some shots I did in
Peru so I've really tried to kind of
look at a range of places totally
different kind of climates totally
different architecture landscapes
everything here this is Mexico these are
can night shots I've done some evening
night shots and these are forest shots
I've filmed in different parts of Canada
in California and actually this is from
I think the Dominican Republic and then
some street shots architecture stuff and
people from India and then finally some
desert terrain when I was in Abu Dhabi
recently and this is a shot from Morocco
I believe anyway so these are the photos
I'm gonna be demonstrating today for you
guys and show you how I typically edit
now firstly for those of you that don't
have this already I would highly
recommend
paying for the Adobe collection Adobe
Adobe suite which includes Lightroom and
if you want to edit I personally edit on
Adobe Premiere as well
so Adobe Lightroom it might be something
you're used to you've tried before you
may be better better than me but I'm
just going to show you what I do and how
I edit photos cool so as you look down
here I usually open up all of these tabs
so you can really play around with the
image as much as possible I probably
won't fully explain everything here but
you kind of get the idea so this is the
the first kind of panel here you have
kind of temperature and tint where you
can create a more yellow you bring more
yellow into the image or you bring it
more blue and then you also same kind of
with green or magenta and then you've
got exposure obviously the image is too
dark or bright you've got contrast I
mean there's so many settings it I won't
take you through them all sometimes you
want to pump the shadows up you've got
vibrance and saturation I've still never
fully figured out exactly what each is
doing but they definitely kind of bring
more color into the image this is a
curve here where a tone curve where you
can bring black and other mids up that
the highs up you can bring a vide the
darks up and this is how a lot of people
do kind of that faded faded blacks in an
image I'm going to reset that for a
second and then here is the hue
saturation and luminance of an image so
you can play around if I want these
blues here to be more kind of turquoise
which I often do with my blues I can
pull that in this direction or you know
maybe I want my if you look down here
saturation it's very trendy to kind of
mute your green so I might pull my
greens down I might pull my might pull
my blues a bit more turquoise there I
might reduce my saturation so this is
where you can start playing around and
this could you know you can fiddle
around
this for hours and I have done guys and
definitely recommend you do this
yourself kind of have a real play around
with Lightroom here's you can bring
different colors into the shadows the
dark tones you might want to bring a
kind of warmer or a cooler shadow into
the image I often bring a bit of a post
vignette which kind of darkens the
outside a bit and kind of brings the
focus to the middle of the image oh
there's there's many many settings and I
feel like if I carried on talking like
this
we are gonna this video is gonna be like
two hours long so anyway it gives you an
overview roughly and that was a very bad
overview of kind of how you edit images
and what you can play with now what I
found is depending on the kind of image
is the kind of landscape the kind of
kind of subject in the image the
lighting the colors in the scene like
you might want to just play around with
all of those different settings and it
can be very very time-consuming and
sometimes you can get lost you feel like
I've been editing this image so long it
doesn't look good so what I've done to
make it easier for you guys is creative
nine different presets that I use for
different regions around the world
different landscapes different lighting
the colors I want to bring out and
they're all very different and I'm gonna
quickly show you what those nine presets
look like and also show you how to use a
preset because unfortunately it's pretty
impossible to create a preset that just
works on any photo you just click it and
it perfectly amazingly looks great what
you're gonna need to do is tweak the
preset once you've applied it to an
image and I'll show you some very easy
tweets it's much much quicker than
trying to do it from scratch let's start
off with these tropical photos i've got
i'm i've named one of my presets
tropical paradise so what i'll do is
i'll apply that now and as you see i've
lightened the sky up I've brought the
shadows right up here i've brought a bit
of color in there on the curve here i've
faded the blacks so they're not as dark
and then i've really played around with
the color the hue saturation and
luminance for each individual color this
is why it can be very time-consuming
we're live added kind of highlight tints
and shadow tints what I've done is spent
a very long time on each of these
presets to kind of really work and
enhance each image depending on where I
am so I'm going to show you now this
same preset on this image and this is an
example of where it hasn't worked
perfectly I would personally probably
pull this saturation of the orange down
a little bit and and maybe even pull the
luminance of the orange down a bit just
to bring our skin tones a bit more just
to make them look a bit cooler and then
yeah maybe the greens I could reduce a
bit the saturation of the green but as
you see it's very quick that you know
I'd say that's done now and then finally
this is the aerial shot this is a drone
shot in the Maldives again just
literally one click apply that I mean
I'm pretty happy with that
that's pretty beautiful yeah maybe I
could slightly meet those greens and the
island on the trees actually I think
because I feel like they're actually
actually more yellow so I pull the
yellows down yet there you go again
slight tweak and we're good to go so
let's move on to these sunset images
here I have this preset the sunset mood
I supply that now I've really messed
around with this and this again it's
tasties might not be everyone's taste
but I've I've added quite a lot of blue
to the shadows and I've also faded the
blacks up and just played around brought
the the highlights down so you can see a
bit more of the kind of that the sun's
not super overexposed and yeah I really
like this look and I think there's
different ways to edit sunsets you can
go super vibrant you can try you could
potentially pull the shadows up if you
want it to but again I'm happy with this
I'll show you what it looks like with
some of these other kind of Twilight
sunset shots this is later in the
evening this is after the sun's gone
down but if you look what happened now
sunset mood boom it really pulls those
oranges back and I really love the Edit
on this image but it
and yeah some of these images are ones I
have instagrams before again another
kind of stiffen shot the silhouettes of
trees here's the clouds in the sky and I
just apply that preset boom there you go
cool so let's move on to the tundra
shots or if I call this one stark tundra
and this you can see immediately I
really like use the the vignette here
might not be able to taste and it's very
easy to remove if you don't want it we
just scroll down here post crop vignette
you can take that vignette off if you
think's a bit extreme but yeah I've
really played around the coloring I
brought the highlights down to bring all
this kind of detail in the sky faded the
blacks again a little bit and yeah I've
kind of tried to meet the greens pulled
the saturation of the greens down what
I've realized it might be a good idea
guys is if I just show you a split
screen of before and after this might be
nicer for you to kind of get me an idea
of so let me pull these ups it gives you
a bit more so before and after as you
can see let's click onto the next one
so this is the same as soon as I apply
the preset you'll see just boost it but
it looks a bit more moody I think when
you're going to some of these kind of
climates and places in the world it
feels a bit moodier it feels a bit kind
of yeah I've used the word Stark in the
in the name of this pretty set but as
you as you can see I'm assuming in I've
really kind of pulled a lot of contrast
and tried to really enrich these these
blues and then finally yeah let's look
at this one yeah again it just I think
yeah added a bit tiny bit clarity pull
the shadows up because you can see it
kind of really enhances that image and
makes it pop a lot more let's go on to
the this is in Peru Peruvian palette so
yeah again use a bit of a not as extreme
but used a bit of a vignette and yeah
really messed with kind of pulling the
highlights down to get this detail just
adjusted kind of exposure control
and then again trying to meet the greens
a little bit some of these presets are
more extreme than others I quite like
this one it's not too extreme again
check this out so if I preview in
palette yeah I mean this one you can
really notice the faded blacks and kind
of really trying to focus in the subject
of that image with the vignette and this
one might be a bit extreme with the
vignette but like I said quite easy to
remove that it might look a bit nicer
and you can really play you might want
to you might want to pump the the
exposure up if you want a bit of a
brighter image it's it's very easy to
play with once you've applied the preset
this is a nice shot I got out of the
train window on the way to Machu Picchu
in Peru and there you go guys before and
after that's the final shot and
obviously I'm not cropping any of these
images and you might want to give them a
crop and you can kind of rotate them too
for me I like to kind of keep my
verticals straight swipe I probably kind
of pull in there and these lines
obviously for using the rule of thirds
which we can do a bit more of a depth
video at some point about composition
and learning kind of photography
together they go might be a nicer
composition there anyway on the woods so
this is brighter colors now moving into
this trip in Mexico and I was driving
the happiness bus back from Mexico so
this is the preset this is I've called
it Mexican streets very strong vivid
colors there and I really love this
preset what I might do is well guys and
again this is if you want to get a bit
more advanced and play around with it
yourself
but as you notice this image isn't kind
of quite straight the house is at an
angle and what's brilliant about
Lightroom is you can skew the image so
you go down to transform you can pull
the the horizontal here across until the
image looks a bit more kind of kind of
straight on there
and then I'd be tempted to kind of
rotate that image as well so it kind of
as you can see this the top of the roof
here is straighten for me already that's
looking way cooler and then I would
again like I was showing you can then
crop that in but you can see how fast
I'm doing all of this that is amazing in
it and then if you if you look at the
before and after coloring wise yeah it
just pops especially that beetle that
looks amazing that car and then if I
reset you see yeah the whole kind of
image doesn't look straight so those are
some other things you can play around
with but that is kind of depending on
the image each image is shot differently
and of it obviously I probably could
have shot this image a bit better but
there you go
and then again Mexican streets boom you
see that kind of sudden pop of colors
and contrast and yeah really loving that
another one outside this was Sammy gets
the door and I might just bring the
exposure down a little bit on that and
yeah you get that fine a strong powerful
coloring and yeah I would love to see
what you guys do with this precip so I
think it's it's very unique moving on to
an even more unique preset actually
inspired by a guy on Instagram I cannot
pronounce his second name but his name's
Brandon I'll link in below but if you
look at this I'll call it magic Twilight
now it's a really unique look it might
not be your taste but I love it and and
I think for kind of evening images
obviously you see there I've really
faded the blacks I've pumped a lot of
blue into the shadows but you might want
to play around with the coloring here
and just create a warmer look by just
kind of pumping up the the yellow a bit
in the photo and but it's kind of yeah
I've kind of reduce the contrast pump
the clarity but as you can see it's a
pretty stunning image again if I apply
that preset to this shot of a mosque in
Abu Dhabi
magic Twilight boom I mean super crazy
colors it kind of Pumped the the blue if
you look side-by-side here kind of it
brings in a lot of kind of Pink's that
maybe this the first place really gives
you a more interesting sky because
that's a very dark kind of just pitch
black sky there but I found just and
again with this image look at how
interesting that is pulling up the
shadows the blacks to fool the clarity
just for me and yeah this is this is
quite incredible the gradients have used
to pull this color up I really love this
look so let's move on to some green kind
of forest vibes and this is in
California on a road trip order I think
two years ago and right let's go for
forest adventures again the kind of
muted faded blacks really kind of tried
to work with these greens I really love
this image this is one of my favorite
images of the Wonder bug as you can see
have really played around with this and
if you look side-by-side I try to kind
of yeah just just enhance the whole
image again if not it might just be a
subtle change but I feel like yeah this
is a great look again if I apply that to
this image really makes everything pop
you know the contrast pulling the
highlights down you might even want to
reduce the exposure even a bit more on
this image it's quite a strong look
there but yet but but subtle but
definitely makes the image pop and then
finally for the forest adventures boom
look at that
so it has reduced the vibrancy of the
greens a bit but creates quite an
exciting look for me that's yeah that is
definitely a kind of adventure look and
the other thing to see here is as you
crop any of these images again if I'm
going to crop for a square for Instagram
or a kind of portrait ratio for
Instagram four four five and as you
apply that the vignette moves into the
crop that you've made moving on to the
the street shots I took an India
of the people here this older women and
these kids in the street and then this
cool temple if I apply the Bombay Brite
to this you can really see that pop
straight away I really love the kind of
pulling those blues more turquoise if
you look side by side and just
everything about that image looks better
to me really making the vibrant kind of
skin tones and the oranges and the wall
here just everything like that
pulling the contrasts yeah I really love
the Edit on this one again that's that's
no tweaking that's straight just
applying the preset and then moving on
applying the same preset to this temple
again just brings the colors out and
I've just popped pump the shadows a
little bit to get more detail back in
there the clarity is high and side by
side you can just look that just that's
just a much nicer image and then finally
I've got some updates there to do
finally this this lady popped that
Bombay bright and yeah as you can see
just much stronger more vivid and for me
this this kind of look feels more of a
real representation of being in colorful
vibrant countries like India let's move
on to the final preset I've prepared for
you guys and yeah this is the arabian
sun preset so this again faded the
blacks and i've kind of not gone
overboard and the vibrancy of the colors
but wanted to kind of darken things a
bit and yeah just said bring a bit of
mystery to these shots which yeah i
really enjoy taking these when we're in
Abu Dhabi again just if you look side by
side it's quite subtle but yeah a very
kind of distinctive look I'm not
imagining all of these filters are your
taste and that's why those kind of
annoying different ones
maybe you travel the world like me
and you take photos in all different
types of locations and you want to play
around with all of these you can also
mix these up so you might decide that
the Arabia and Sun look if you see the
preview here in the top left isn't quite
a look if you hover over maybe the
Bombay bright actually fits this photo
better for what you want or you know any
of these might might suit but you can
kind of scroll through and have a look
like I said each of these presets can be
tweaked and hopefully you guys are going
to enjoy playing around with these I
have linked below where you can purchase
them try them out I would love for you
to tag me send them to me when you've
applied this preset to your image on
Instagram I'd love to see how they look
and I could I would love to kind of
highlight some of my favorite of your
images on my Instagram story tag some of
your accounts I'm sure a lot of you guys
have traveled to amazing places around
the world that I haven't seen and I
would love to see what you can do with
these presets but also I would love for
you guys to use this as a basis to learn
Lightroom and learn how to tweak and
edit what hoping for you guys is that
with this preset pack a lot of you can
delve into the world of photo editing
without being overwhelmed by all the
settings and all the things you can do
and using them as a basis to create your
own masterpieces so let me know if you
enjoy this video you want me to do other
workshops sorry it's been a bit of a
plug for my preset pack but I also want
to show you guys specific things how I
do things editing tips and yeah maybe I
can do this more regularly on my channel
let me know what you'd like to learn
below and yeah I will see you soon peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
