good afternoon guys it's our third full
day at the dominican republic treehouse
village and today we've just hiked up to
the top of a mountain so we can go on
the zipline and this is a pretty
incredible zipline apparently this is
the number one rated attraction in the
dominican republic and yeah it looks
epic
check this view out take it
that was really fun and really high up
oh my gosh don't respond did you enjoy
that Riya we're starting from a thousand
feet up and we're going to be going back
down all the way to the the bottom of
the valley weather treehouse Lotus every
day going like across the bed life now
sucks a nice breeze and like cooling
down very refreshing
Oh
let us offer oh no all your weight
lasagna sunburn back don't get badly
sunburned on the beach the day before
doing this because the truck a big image
my some word shoulders of the little bit
painful but the excitement and enjoyment
of it over eyes the pain so it's all
right
how many there are like I know a great
aunt another hunting yeah when I'm sorry
we've always taken a you did in between
maybe it cuz it to serve us as well
let's go
if there is a little bit scary by the
end because you you're going at such
speed and then I met it like just
catches you and breakthrough for us and
it's time for a little refreshment
that'll be done in between the different
zip lines it's like low safety line that
they typically it's good I'm also pretty
happy that I managed to find a helmet
for today because normally helmets they
fit me so we have to take these now and
walk to the last lip line and I think
this is the one that brings the time
oh yeah look this is this is at the top
of the tree house the villages where
some of the little houses are
you think I went overboard in the camera
solo they're sweet I'm literally
dripping a head to toe oh yeah
definitely worked up a sweat
check this bridge we need to walk across
to get back how cool is this horrible
quite hard not holding on right
lunchtime I don't quite know why they
think a fish is vegan but you can just
chill this oh yeah I definitely worked
up a bit of an appetite and that's it
like guys you haven't seen it yet this
is the treehouse is staying in because
that I love it so much right as managed
to have a little rest get dressed up
we're now heading to dinner a really
nice cliff top restaurant on the end of
the peninsula so we're going to gather
with the rest of the group and that and
head off oh there's a nice get to cool
down a bit
oh it's really hot the light is so nice
right now
just like shining through the valley
just like the right angle everything's
just glowing gold I love this place so
much guys I'm glad we had a whole week
here rather than just coming up like
three days I just don't feel like we
would have experienced it solely in
three days and there's so many cool
activities to do around this area as
well
like the zipline the little boat tour we
did the other day I think tomorrow or
the next day we're going out on ATVs and
we're going to go and find some other
cool beaches and I still need to go on
the rope swing here at the waterfall as
well and also do some evenings in the
campfire
Hey
this is one of the most beautiful
restaurant locations of ever seen like
everywhere you look every direction
this sunset is so beautiful like look at
the color of the clouds
yeah I have a single spring rolls
whatever size can we eat the flowers no
return oh this is just a shortened
place our epics that you run by a French
couple and the lady is originally from
Laos
I think she's born in Francis could have
done it laughs thank you it kind of tie
last quiz a very delicious well it's
been an amazing evening so before I go
to bed I've got a little treat for you
guys
I forget up a time-lapse of the
treehouse with the night sky in the
background
and I think it's going to be a goody
check this out
right I'm catching the morning she's out
enjoy life
slip adventure the
