again I think if I sleep last night I
had some crazy dreams and there's
someone waiting downstairs for us we're
gonna go onto this live show on YouTube
today called what's trending so we just
need to get ready and then we're gonna
head off there so we're on our way out
to try and find this
so we've just arrived for the what's
trending offices and they've got this
really cool glass floor where you can
look up at the Louie's just like nothing
else can so we're just preparing for the
show we opened up a box of some food
they're gonna get me to eat in the show
guys
weeks from now in the what's trending
office they're gonna hear this like
chirping but that's my little snack
during the show these little E's dinner
got crickets in now I've gotta be the
waiter and bring them out to Lily on set
so I'm just gonna start filming what's
trending she ran the team she she ate
one my gag reflex came out but a mere
through
go go to the what's trending youtube
channel and they'll have like the video
up but we've we've just come out the
studio we've gone to get syncope and I
found the hilarious
Bloo names restaurant hold big Wang's
right we're back home now we're gonna go
see soya get let's get on with some bits
and then the wreckless eating guys are
gonna arrive back home sigh as hell are
you saying no what you're saying yeah so
the record see you guys have just
arrived we're gonna know yep
unfortunately the octopus isn't here
yeah we're gonna go and get that later
on with given soya some of these mouth
loving food things come come and check
our interaction just keep you in just
keep doing it yeah I don't think this is
something
you should put in your mouth that's very
on me to do and I overcame that and
maybe next time I'll be warm yeah
pushing out your comfort zones yep
that's what life's about but we're still
waiting around for the octopus which
we're gonna collect later but in the
meantime I'm gonna try some delicacies
and some weird stuff with these guys for
their shape and then I'm gonna do some
some really disgusting stuff we're just
about to drop some Mentos and Coke guys
we go that slow mo so click over to
soyuz china we take my second channel
second chance piece hit enough and give
a little shout-out to china to my
channel yeah series talks that's a good
one serious talks i love each other so
this is your boy yeah Lincoln 1/8 and
the octopus apparently isn't coming now
but we're gonna figure something out to
this guy anyway
select them right we're now heading out
for the night for a crazy night out with
Sawyer in his friends
it's gonna be amazing
okay me and Syria got to look for some
food but that was a crazy night yes and
people actually throwing words of money
this is proof this is a souvenir from
the club people were throwing up mere
words of money so it's hard bus to the
morning just have breakfast a bigger
better breakfast like I ate it and I'm
just having the pancakes now are you
enjoying your bigger breakfast but
Alicia's bigger breakfast bigger so it's
the end of the night it's actually
actually ridiculous up in the morning
it's it's almost 5:00 in the morning and
we've got a 9:00 a.m. meeting site I'm
going to head off Oh catch you guys in a
couple days
peace now
