I'm Williams and I Marwan we're at 5,500
feet and your license for food good
morning guys we've just left the
treehouse lodge and we're heading out on
an excursion today to the most beautiful
beach in the Dominican Republic gonna be
pretty epic I think we're going out in a
boat as well we're going to get to do
some snorkeling
having a little stop up I won't forget
the mango so we've arrived at the first
beach where we're going to be catching
the boat from guys with unbelievable
look at the color of the water
well a pretty wet right Carla trench
episode could even get my camera out the
film
wave darling ha ha but with right is our
beach we can have lunch at
Wow look at that
you
now we're picking off spot to lay down
do some sunbathing
right time for lunch
it is our lunch here they've been
barbecuing some vegetable kabob or five
fun time I'm a rock talking about
another piece on hands
gracias amigo I'm getting from out twice
it's cool all right
we're going to get photos before the Sun
ducks behind this mountain
again if you call instagrams in these
palm trees you want an angle like this
you
this is absolute erudite I like it it's
Bambi but then there's also this little
riff offshore what we can go see the
fish and stuff which is what we're about
today
I'm going to do best locally
Oh
it's been a super relaxing afternoon
just like laying in the Sun did a bit of
snorkelling actually a little bit
sunburned on my back but I'll be alright
now we're getting back in the boat I
think we may be heading to another beach
left
alright the tide is gone super low so
we're struggling to get out
hear me now loud we're going to trek
into the jungle a little bit now I'm
going to explore a cave that's nearby
I've got my M 20 ml 1.4 in case it gets
really dark because that's basically
like night-vision goggles it's so good
in low light on a semester high why you
can't dis my my my Wow oh my gosh is so
many bad recording stellar types guys
what is this it's like a spider with
scorpion pincers it's definitely some
kind of arachnid
yeah Ryu probably don't to come in here
so apparently these caves were used as a
place of refuge like by the indigenous
people of the island back maybe like in
the 1500s and then when these islands
were invaded people moved in here
full-time like kind of like refugees I
guess so there are some kind of cave
paintings which we can't find right now
but yeah those date back to the 1500s
right johnie's taking us on the tour
today he's climbing up a coconut tree
palm tree Jen
egman aye hi mom yeah yeah thanks okay
we don't have a machete on us but you're
going to show us how to even it by
hitting it on a tree you wish I could be
that manly I'm gonna do it okay okay but
it don't worry check out how manly I am
too so manly you do look really manly
because I'm like a hunter-gatherer I can
get you coke I mean I can't climb the
tree but if they pull down
oh oh yeah they're taking on
oh that's great okay you can survive
anything now kind of doing something um
I'm getting somewhat op9 get back on the
boat now is this our last stop and we
headed back now go back to the right
leader Jane cool shot on the end of the
day is a pretty photogenic location
oh my it's like body comes out this is
just in past Mexico
I'll say it's been way too long Ellen
shouldn't live at the planet I would
love for my Bali no I think Bali
we've been to warm countries but we
haven't been polite tropical beach kind
of ice boiling I've learned to set a
rule that right time to head back to the
tree house so it's come to that time in
our travels where we need to get our
laundry done
thankfully they do laundry here which is
actually kind of surprising but I'm
guessing they um and they might have a
washing machine here or they might be
running it into town to do it either way
we're going to have clean clothes in the
jungle it is pretty a couldn't warm out
here so lots of sweating guys how cool
is our house seriously she's so so epic
do you like living in a tree house yeah
those steps are a little fury but
besides that man never find this me and
Roy are both just wiped out from the Sun
today we both got a little bit burnt but
just I don't know if you guys ever had
that way you just get yeah just
exhausted so yeah the evening clean
super chilled I've managed to get some
editing done and I'm leaving it
uploading overnight but we're going to
have a little bit of a later start
tomorrow and then in the afternoon we're
going to do the zipline and so there's
like a sister company to this treehouse
village and it's at the top of the
valley and it's yeah I think it's the
number one activity to do in the
Dominican Republic so I cannot wait it's
going to be so so good I'll catch in the
morning peace out enjoy life a little
adventure so
