another day here all of that come on
cookie my banana with a night heading
down Starbucks yeah we're going from
walk to Starbucks with some coffee
how's it feel on that big camera now
look how big my they can come to my
video and see it go to soya check out
Sawyer's vlogs anyway you guys how big
the camera you guys been asking about
but I'll link him now and in the
description it's just soy your Hartman -
how you feeling this morning Sam good on
the hunt Starbucks lovely sunny day I'm
wearing the best part and it's the
middle of life
it's January so normally freezing cold
that's all right horses like
so we actually haven't made any plans
for today yet but oh it's such a lovely
sunny day that we don't really need to
make plans so we're now heading down to
the gym
these guys are editing and rendering
there yesterday go in the hearts of
going in the heart so we just come out
the Chairman or some sort of session how
you feeling so it's her choice it's her
play any of these little you've got this
little character
to give you something you cannot sell
how many chickens cool I'm sorry so we
just come out the comedy club very funny
night we're now walking along Hollywood
Boulevard how the Stars
pace Masoli way it was so dark I can
barely children was back at the
apartment probably gonna play minecraft
again so it was the end of the night I'm
slowly shuttered so go through sounds
channel to see yesterday's vlog and
ready for tomorrow's and I'll see you
the day after peace out
