so happy new year it's the first day of
2013 quite a few people crashed over at
soyuz house last night and we've had a
bit of a lion awakes yes breakfast you
know that fast food sizes are a lot
bigger in the u.s. look having that fun
 if you have seen check this out a
hundred dollar bill that's like sixty
pound night that's correct that's a
crazy amount of money to have a one bed
paper
he's got bad money so it turns out we're
having Subway's for breakfast slash
lunch Louie telephone ring burger okay
whatever your sandwich how's your burger
burger oh yeah I'm such a passionate
I'll just eat a footlong to the cliff
face a massive ho and now I'm onto
yogurt and berries where we had a now
soya you're heading home because we're
exhausted what edited video
yeah within the other half don't like
just spoofer sugar today's like the
laziest ever we're just chilling out new
is they literally laziest day ever
having so much fun
ramani burger in Barney burger I think
this a set is we're gonna have dinner
tonight
what how do you say that Amani burger
Ronnie I'm going to get the manly burger
because I'm a man or and then the bed
what are you going to sew up the Martin
baby remodel yeah we all have mean a
mass M
option so we're just finishing up out of
Molly burgers Sam damn tuna burger has a
problem a little bit all I'm after
speaking care they might have messed up
boy out still so they won't make me new
like here go guys have three freakin ice
creams yes we can plug it right in do
that please light heading off see you
later bye see you in a few days he got
no Earth you see voting left okay good
boy so nice or Sam making some plans
where we've got laptop club going on and
we're just planning some very exciting
things we're going to be going over the
next few months so exciting things yeah
so at the end of the evening it's been a
really chill day today but yeah we're
going to get some cool stuff tomorrow so
subscribe to sound channel if you
haven't already for tomorrow's vlog
we're doing alternating blogs click here
to see yesterday's and here to see
tomorrow's when it's done but uh yeah
catch you tomorrow peace out
