okay it's quite late in a day we parked
up in London we got here last night I
actually didn't get to bed till like
8:00 a.m. but we're now heading into
Central for some food
we're in Waterloo get food
see
today's just what I needed I feel warm
and fueled up ready for a cold gathering
outside
this is my sister Darcy she's come up to
London to say hello
are you cold Darcy I'm who your friends
look who I found I found a Black Power
Ranger
who's Buster move me yes we're here with
hey guys I'm crate teaching them so you
can check out my channel if you want to
that was an awesome awesome party I'm
gonna walk my sister Darcy back to the
train station with her friends did you
enjoy the party
well there you go
customer come to this place where they
serve chocolate like world-renowned top
oh yeah look how seriously so we're
walking back to the bus it's been an
amazing adventure this whole trip is
being awesome
unfortunately it's come to an end so at
the end of the daily vlogs for this this
trip but I'll be doing more trip soon
means that me going to America so I'm
gonna be vlogging that in the meantime
you can see any of these other vlogs
that friends have got between daily
vlogging check their channels out and
yeah I'll see you see
