guys I've just woken up in the middle of
the night looked out the window and it's
snowing it's actually snowing I really
hope this settles for the morning okay
Wow I love snow this is also
unfortunately the Sun is melted all the
snow with Malibu Sam King again we're
just gonna be some
I feel Christmassy in size
we just come out of Costa and there's
like a big brass band playing over here
cheeky little man tunnels so I think
we're gonna go ice skating with Sam's
mates
blimey my long blog ever because I'm
probably gonna break my camera on the
ice it is now the end of the session
yeah good session so we're just in the
supermarket just flipping through some
magazines look what we found
yes man I've talked so much coffee today
especially we found the Mexican
restaurant tonight it wasn't closed
k√ºbra so we're gonna pop into this live
music night there's something going on
in town
so before we leave Cambridge we're going
on a covert operation we're going to
break into one of the Uni grounds we've
got a friend here who happens to have a
key the architecture in Cambridge is
absolutely incredible we just got into
this gate where you gonna take us mr. a
man is that the Union we're just trying
to sneak in without being baited up as
not being students but everyone here is
like super posh
sorry just got try this door we're in
this round probably I don't know where
we are we're trapped in the common room
there's people in the corridor so we're
inside the staff cause I don't think my
space man here I know our friend
obviously the get inside this food lips
probably break the lip and get trapped
we're just gonna run away I sent Ollie
in back in a time machine so we've just
got back to the bus and unfortunately
we've got a charge of a test right Wow
35 pounds weight out my favorite part is
color of the vehicle multi colors look
at this I'm pretty sure we're a bus look
buses so it's 1:30 in the morning we're
leaving Cambridge heading to London it's
gonna be a long drive and tomorrow is
the last day of the road trip in London
so it's been a crazy time it's been
crazy
