this morning we're having pizza for
breakfast
yummy yummy pizza now we're heading for
a jacuzzi and sauna as usual whereabouts
going for a warm relaxing so that was
very refreshing
oh we've quite tight for time Nathan's
we've just just come out and it's about
20 to 5 and we've got 20 minutes to
leave and get to the centre of Cambridge
I'm going to reheat that pizza again
okay so on our way to me everybody
Cambridge and we ran out of fuel again I
don't know what something feels like
it's just weird the fuel filling slots
again for the heating so just having to
store that do we do a little party later
this devil's gonna be freezing otherwise
we're gonna head out from the pie now
and pedigree give me oh it's really cold
again though we're gonna have a lot of
fun
so we're here at the PI I'm here with my
friend Sam King he's gonna tell you
about his YouTube channel is so long Sam
and on Sundays and sometimes other days
I upload weepy videos you wanna grab
elope
you keep calm or slash banking did
everyone have a fun night yeah so we're
here is some breakdancing training
session some of Sam's friends and big
mouth is going to join it
definitely gonna learn to breakdance
Mauser unit easy to break inspiring
stuff that's where you get naked on
camera now we're gonna grab something to
eat Mexican restaurant so if we left it
too late the AMEX is actually closed but
we're gonna try to express because I
don't even being enough piece of the
last few days it's P to Express sorry
about that slippage is epic
are they tree just to inhale back so
we're back at the buffs of the my speed
Express show you sounds French Memphis
off that lovely pizza we're now going to
tuck in to a delicious cake oh I think
that's a massive cookie yes so I'm gonna
have a little bite of Sam's laptop club
and then bedtime No
