good morning guys
day 2 the GoPro mounting games they're
sitting down to breakfast and also as I
said yesterday I'm going to talk about
an exciting product release at GoPro
doing and we're going to get to play
with we actually played it a little bit
yesterday but it's a new 360 camera
called fusion okay so yesterday this
dude what's your name again
Brett Chris was running around filming
with the fusion and we're about to see
the results Luis struggle critically hit
that solid red I either have to like let
my hair down and dial
good morning my morning guys
okay guys I'm going to give you a closer
look at a gopro fusion to introduce
yourself how's it going I'm Pat I'm from
GoPro and we're going to talk about the
utility today what's your role a GoPro I
do marketing a GoPro I work on the
camera team great can you show us the
fusion yeah so here's the fusion in the
flash it's not going so it shoots in 5.2
K 30 and we're really excited about it
shoots a full spherical so you'll have
like the full sphere that you can shoot
in and then it also is really amazing
how you can do over capture in it so
everything thick screen so whether it's
your standard YouTube video or Instagram
you're able to reframe your content to
be able to publish wherever you are want
to watch your content hmm yeah so look
you guys know I shot a lot of 360 video
on my channel but it's kind of mixed
reviews some of you don't really engage
with it yet obviously some of the
cameras aren't shooting high enough
resolution to be fully immersive you
need headsets and stuff the thing that
excites me and you saw some clips
earlier in the beginning is this over
capture feature like the fact that at
any point you've got this full full HD
kind of shot and then be able to move
around that and manipulate and kind of
what's it called and you kind of fill in
and out of that zel effect where you can
go all the way to tiny planet and then
it's really adjusting the perspective
yeah that's the one yeah
so changing the how you're projecting it
so from whether it's equirectangular to
a standard like YouTube you know or
GoPro like wide-angle lens to all the
way back to super wide like the longest
selfie stick you've ever seen all the
way back to tiny planet if you're
consuming video on the go and you're not
like in a space where you can wear a
headset or you can move around to see a
360 video you probably want to be like
sitting down and for me this when I
watch some of these over captures like
versions of the 360 videos I actually
enjoyed them a bit more because the
person creating it kind of took me on
this journey and you're like these
incredible shots you can't get normally
like I don't I think it's got a lot of
potential and I can't wait to play
around with it you can never look
younger you know it's pretty it's pretty
slim it's lighter than I thought it's in
a bit yeah so those played around with a
few cameras guys as you know with the
360 footage I've been shooting I've had
a rig with four GoPros is like adapted
like lenses but I often get these kind
of wore piece stitch lines where you can
tell that there's different cameras and
it kind of draws you out of the kind of
immersive feeling but I'm going to talk
a little bit about the difference and
why the stitch line domestics are good
so you have multiple cameras like go for
omni you just have a lot more stitch
lines to deal with versus a two camera
rig where you just have one hemispheric
stitch line yeah yeah we're really
excited to get this out and market and
get up
yeah yeah so wait for a guy's hopefully
I'll get to do a bit of beta testing
before it officially released and you
can kind of see some of the these some
of the final kind of videos that we make
okay I'm tagging along with Sam and
Chris they're filming a little video for
our talk this afternoon go for a recap
yeah I didn't tell you but me and Sam
are doing a little talk on vlogging what
it was all gone they think that iconic
integrate GoPro into travel vlogging and
shooting on the like running gun
shooting on the go yeah so they're
shooting a little piece are now about
like how different people shooting the
GoPro is different rigs and stuff so I'm
just tagging along like a little bit
behind the scene result that means we
right now find a few different family
I'm very comfy
hey hey Larry yeah man Reena and this is
Kelly's dog Loki hey I saw Loki and all
your stuff from last year oh you're
going good Hey probably we've just spent
a few hours and Stan's room prepping for
our little talk maybe to go we're just
going to share a bit about our own
experiences like I guess how we blog how
I can integrate GoPro footage and how to
use cameras Sam's with edited a cool
little worm clip of like here we're
using different rigs and set up to their
GoPros I think really useful to some of
these people here the little chat
because Louise I can thank day 1400
something now so like it's literally
like your lifestyle yeah and I think
that people like to know how you
incorporate vlogging you to like a
day-to-day life life
yeah and yeah I think for a lot of
people this is quite a new area arena so
it's gonna be cool
I send over advocate from Magellan he on
Louie told na a bug fluid and on the
investment blogging arena for quite a
while now pretty much daily vlogging
today is day 1411 Olympic I was always
like building my holiday trips and
cutting nice montage isn't it realizing
of there's a cool way to engage people
where I'm actually kind of talking into
the camera engaging with people a kind
of verbal level as well as yet showing
all this and doing and if you this month
or so I think for me like was wanted to
share and how I share that kind of a
model and but the core of it is desire -
yeah just capture memories and then be a
sharing fund writer people are unwelcome
engage with and hopefully inspire them
as well I know I'm looking to the jump
on that so I would be like ninth grade
everyday like two terms I would go to
the library one time and outline if you
didn't I was this guide was in that
nine-game I like grew up I wasn't late
yeah well I really enjoyed that that was
a lot of fun we are now heading over to
an intimate Q&A with Nick Woodman he's
the founder of GoPro and he's going to
be sharing a little bit more about GoPro
fusion the 360 camera I was talking
about the beginning of the vlog and
hopefully some other innovation and
things that GoPro up to my god capturing
every perspective coupled with software
that helps you identify the best moments
and the effects that you can create are
just mind-blowing forget who it was
mentioned you did
I'm sorry what's your name do it Louie
yeah we met Louie walking around and he
did to me what I usually do to other
people he grabbed me he's like dude
looked at me was crazy I full of time to
be able to edit and like have a bullet
time effect where you freeze the scene
and then rotate around and speed rap
into something else happening and go
right and honestly I've never even
thought of that for measures right and
it occurred to me that people like you
all are going to show us what as you
always have
right what you can do with our products
what our products are capable of that's
why we love the professional end of our
customer base because not only they blow
our customers minds they blow our minds
and your guys's work inspires our
engineers our teams our marketing teams
and it's like we think we've got
something that's really awesome and then
you show us like no ding-dongs you've
got this over capture with a director's
cut that can be unlocked in to a VR
experience can help market VR so imagine
it if this is a lot maybe a lot more
work for all of you but imagine if
anytime a prosumer Pro kind of put out a
VR experience they actually marketed the
VR experience with the director's cut
like what you saw of the recut of our
fusion launch video
there's a good argument that that really
long that that that over capture cut is
more compelling than the VR but what if
you knew that there's a little icon that
pops up and playback and you're like oh
I can unlock it to take over control and
that you can have this kind of choose
your own adventure experience with the
content as well now you might watch the
content multiple times to engage with it
in new ways I think that that that can
help market VR and be a stepping stone
to whatever comes next in terms of like
more of the HMV viewer experience okay
next thing this evening we're going to
be heading up the mountain on the cable
car to have yeah I guess we're going for
dinner somewhere nice I don't know a lot
about what we're doing but I heard it's
really really beautiful spot they got
the whole squad rolling out this is the
thing that nothing but a GoPro can
capture is like massive squad selfies
like you just can't do that another
camera we got everyone set up some food
I managed to convince them to give me a
vegetable dish all right
well guide is being a very exciting day
it was amazing to see the fusion and see
how GoPro innovating and yeah just to
hear Nick as well just to hear kind of
how excited he is about the future and
the direction and I don't know I just I
just have had a great day and it was
awesome to be able to share a little bit
as well about kind of my journey and
stand there with salmon and be able to
kind of yako present our our talk and
yeah I'd like to do more kind of
speaking gigs with someone I think like
me and Sam works well together really
like bouncing back and forth and yeah
it's just been an incredible time we've
got one full day tomorrow
unfortunately Sam and my just said
goodbye to him he's off early in the
morning tomorrow me and JP and others
are going to be hanging out all day
checking out the mountain games because
I haven't really shown much of it yet
and then yeah we're road tripping back
to LA I'll catch you in the morning guys
peace out enjoy life
and lady venture
