I've got woken up this morning someone
knocking on the bus came down it was
Leeds counsel someone has complained
that we've been parking here there's no
real reason why they've complained I
think they're worried we're going to
have a massive party in the Strait which
we probably will do later today so we're
leaving the Buffs gonna be doing some
more filming this morning for some video
so finish helping film with Sam got some
lunch now we're heading down to sneak
into the Student Union and chill for a
bit see one game with one we start by
the way this is the last day of Movember
and I haven't raised much sponsorship
money so I'm gonna leave a little link
in the description you guys can donate
towards the Movember thing is to do with
like helping cancer in that guys
drinking coffee doing some editing
yeah
so we're having laptop table we've been
here for like five hours and we're kind
of around us this whole Christmas meal
like a fish cell and everyone's waiting
in a queue over there and a very cheeky
Depot voted the good thing is just not
all University so
six seven hours you cannot France that
the person is students so I guess who
else is here come to join us
yeah brothers reunited wedding to Wagga
mothers and their me and Sam
so much sexual attention
Wacka mothers and talking again it's
really spicy
yes for our kitchen boys what are y'all
that Jack
this was very very hot I'm very
impressed them I love to say it can we
do a salute to door from the English yes
it matters were gay they see I'm making
a little cocktail salute sorry no no
it's just beer yeah lovely I love how
it's like that
that's really nice that's why you know
you're really good at making drinks are
thinking
you massage
that's what three weeks on a road trip
with me and Sam does so just walking
back from Finn's uni we're gonna jump on
the bus and we're gonna throw it to
nothing it may be quite a long drive for
me and it's first thing tomorrow morning
let's shave this guy off
so say tomorrow
