it's been another service station
morning and now we're heading to being
key because I need to fix the top corner
of the bus it's it's letting rain in and
it's like soggy and you know where I hit
the tree and South is going to buy a
leaf blower
another day another being key another
thing cement the bus Samms found an idea
leaf blower let's get it only a hundred
pounds
I think that's a very good investment
right we've got the leaf blower now
we're going to get this special tape to
mend a brief flash band if we had a band
I think we should be called flash man
why aren't you getting a leaf blower
Ireland hi it's the new trend the best
thing about being cute are the
didgeridoos they sell
right come up with this genius plan to
get onto the roof to fix it I've got a
good view of damage it's really really
really bad about about three years ago I
used to have a pulpit in the bus like a
playpen then somehow inside the bus
check this out what's it's uh it's not
often you get to walk on top of a
double-decker bus
I've got those two bits done now to
tackle the bad boy literally looks
brand-new right I just got oil on my top
I'm not just quite sure how to use this
it's this fabric stain remover this is
not affected the bus is sorted we're now
gonna have a relaxing evening having a
sauna and jacuzzi
that was refreshing now we're off to
meet fin Fernando's just sit down for a
well-deserved man base no bit cheeky
nandos done right we're supposed to
drive to fin ceiling have some fun
tonight
where are you meeting at sneaky 3d
University well I snuck in with all the
stars as well by the way this is my mo
member mistytravels s watching the vlogs
and so we've just had a great night with
Ben and his friends getting back to the
bus now see laughing hey guys that was a
good day
very good day
