we just hit another breakfast we took
Yoda to the vets this morning to be
worms and now we're eating a delicious
delicious meal it's raining outside day
very raining that's your problem
thumbs up so do your time how about
yours
to see how much it's been getting this
horrible horrible weather cold loosely
just like Jamaica that way guys we've
got em Sammy asleep and we're heading
back to the bus rain is a terrible total
thing it's not good weather this is bad
weather purposes and holes for wet
miserable
it's definitely one of those days you
just wanna stay inside all day and keep
warm
you don't be outside of the right Nicole
be cozy inside
this is definitely the western Scotland
about so far I'm very cold and very wet
but we're gonna have a little party
despite the rain tonight we're still
managing to have a really good night
we're just keeping the boy inside the
bus right finish the party and now we're
heading off to eat something I don't
know what they're still miserably cold
and wet still determined to have a good
night though I think we're gonna have a
chilled walk we're going for a change
tonight instead of mandated in TGI
Fridays so let's see this is see how
this compares
oh yeah that's right
this is our friend Joey but he's
actually having to head off now train
and then with probably gonna head we're
gonna head off well it's 1:30 in the
morning we've had a very cozy evening
just chilling in the baths having laptop
Club
now I've got to drive to Leeds
it's quite a long way so it's 4 a.m.
finally at some services where we can
stop for the night asleep
what's left of it the guys have been
gangs rest which they may get some sleep
safe
catch tomorrow peace out
