so it's another day we're doing a little
gathering kind of meet up in Edinburgh
today and we've had the bus part kind of
where we're going to be doing it and for
like three hours prior to us doing it
there's been people kind of just lump
milling around outside and I'm like you
do you know you're like three hours
earlier they're like there's a shower so
the police quite chilled they're just
curious what's going on there they're
saying there's no issues with what's
going on so far I think the riot police
on their way doesn't break
I bet some YouTube stuff going on let
them tell you something about it
alright guys prank videos and our names
on busses Alan should we try and walk on
that tomorrow in it it's very very cold
and dark outside now and we're gonna
make our way into Edinburgh and find
some fun things to do now is had a
little walk through beautiful Edinburgh
and we're gonna have dinner at Nando's
again traditional Scottish foods but
it's how many Nando's have we had on
this trip so far this is good for motion
bananas it's all about extra extra
what you say my husband drew
temperatures your numbers I think you
know just walked up this hill to edit
Picasso news plays this guy's absolute
done his massages for moments today
sounds not feeling too well some math is
giving him a piggyback you that's that's
real camaraderie right there
spider-man spider-man so we found this
comedy night we're gonna go check out
anyway this haircut is what you get if
you go into quite trendy and about
hairdressers and go I don't know
paid only
I think they are but can never be too
sure just go back to the bus off to a
great night and Mars as somehow crushed
his finger can we look at this might
look like an apple Oh get a first day
some Buster's and I don't really feel
good till beeping with a plastic fork
the end of a plastic fork some
electrical tape and hold that for me and
peek people say we call it a core
processor we say that's the first
episode of dr. Allen tomorrow he's gonna
operate on Sam
