good morning guys we're in the dominican
republic we've been here for a few days
just chilling relaxing and one hotel and
this morning I'm super excited because
we are now heading to go and stay in the
jungle in a treehouse this is something
I've been dreaming of for like years I
can't believe this is the first time I'm
going to be staying in a little jittery
house the only problem is there's no
internet there because it's going to be
like promote individual nowhere so we've
stopped in a little town on our way
there we're going to get lunch and we
also just want to upload a vlog and use
my CSS possible before we head off and
yeah go off grid so this is going to be
an amazing week and I cannot wait to
explore and share with you guys what
it's like living in a Korea
so I checked our lungs how amazing is
that in a pineapple
if you have an outfit location I'm going
into the jungle and it's like crap ride
that and I didn't quite finish uploading
I try my best so we might come back
later on
hola
was shortened in Spanish caballo guys
check out his pig yeah we are literally
in the middle of the jungle this is like
a dream
these are very treehouses
so we're going to be staying in one of
these houses on stilts for a couple of
days and then I've requested moving to
this one which is a bit of this crew
apparently thanks
apparently it being honest right now so
I need to wait for time so we've been
chilling for a few hours just had a nice
big plate of fruit and now we're going
for a stroll this is Austin he works
here and he's coming down to show us a
waterfall that's like two minutes down
here we're basically in the middle of
this incredible valley with like just
dense vegetative education like this
really nice little river here it really
feels like we're completely out in
nature this is just so beautiful and it
lizards everywhere there literally every
step is like three little lizards run
away and they're like tiny little cute
ones okay and apparently we might see
some tarantulas later but there's no
like monkeys here in the Caribbean
where does this lead fine actually now
he starts out above the tree house I can
see it up here these are the zip lines
there for those electrical papers around
up there the last station actually drops
you off over there and you walk across
the bridge and leave out this tree huh
yes so in a couple of days we're going
to go on these zip lines that start
further up the hill and come all the way
down I've done it in a few places where
do we not see the zip lining
m'lady yeah yeah yeah at that time that
we've just lined it through the top of a
tree and then they're like cool now you
have to get down yeah we have to have
stuff but I didn't tell us to the corner
until we were at the top of like
100-foot tree this is such a beautiful
little spot down here when the sun's out
in the next couple of days I want to try
and do this roped wing and go for a
little dip in this pool I'm imagining
it's pretty cool good it's freshwater
coming from the mountain
let's have a little film
all right it's actually quite warm oh
yeah definitely go swimming in there
100% oh if pretty bounty
oh my gosh guys you've seen Indiana
Jones I think it's a Temple of Doom when
they have to walk across this bridge
it's across it's like Canyon and India
and then they like cut it and then they
fall hanging on to it that this is this
is cool that kind of bridge this is
definitely sketchy
I though you to be fair they've got
they've got metal wiring in here as well
just not just a road bridge I'm getting
so many ideas guys it would be not like
the fighting land with a river running
through it I don't think it is central
but it would be pretty nice like I'm
kind of obsessed with this one
particular treehouse the one that's like
actually built onto the tree I know like
from speaking to people that have done
this it's an absolute mission to be able
to support a treehouse like actually on
a tree a living tree rather than on
stilts but for me it just it just looks
so epic and I cannot wait to stay in
there obviously there's a lot of
supporting struts coming down but just
oh my gosh just look at it isn't that
just like the most beautiful home you've
ever seen it feels like it's straight
out of a movie like Swiss Family
Robinson or Tarzan or something like
these are the movies that inspire me as
a kid to want to live in a treehouse
one day it's going to happen I know I've
been saying that for years but it really
is I'm just like biding my time finding
the right better land
there's been a few attempts but I feel
like I'm just gonna have to save up a
lot of money buy a really epic piece of
and unless I do it somewhere here like
like tropical like in the Caribbean or
in parts of Asia but then I feel like
I'm too far away from friends and family
and stuff I'm still thinking California
is the ideal place because of the
climate as well it doesn't get crazy
told but then also I can fly quickly to
see people and I've got a bunch of
friends in LA so this is the communal
area this is where we're going to have
dinner and the meeting and against the
lights maybe playing two ball games and
stuff tonight how magical is this Riya I
was just saying I feel like we're home
mainly because this is what we want our
home to be yeah good oh my gosh I don't
know like just coming here and feel
relaxed already
yeah I mean clearly
this is my stomach I'm just going to sit
down look how cool little kitchen area
is you're just about to get our starter
a little bit you have a cheeky little
coffee so everyone has gone to bed we've
managed to finish some edit I've got a
vlog uploading on the internet which
isn't that flow I'm so glad
so there's internet here cuz I was
getting ready to have to drive into town
on every day to upload so that's good
and we're going to head up to our our
tree house now and tomorrow we're
getting out quite early because we're
going to be going to this like epic
waterfall on horseback which I'm really
excited about so and yeah can be a
pretty amazing day and then hopefully
we'll get to move into the the tree
house at the top of the tree and yeah
right
I'll catch you guys in the morning peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
