okay it's almost half eight in the
morning we parked outside this garage
and then I woke up with two guys in the
bus they've like look unlock the door
somehow and and the guy was sitting in
the driver seat ready to drive the bus
so that's kind of a weird way to wake up
okay so we've driven the bus into the
bus workshop and they're gonna try and
waste the whole bus up in the air to
have a look at our totally just joke the
whole
genuinely couldn't hope for a better
morning got the exhaust sorted water
leak saw it and only charges for Equus
we're winning we're absolutely winning
just pulling into a spot ready to do
another gap ring and I hear tree with
the bus there's a low branch I didn't
see it here's a really big branch and I
destroyed
you come into the pouch if ya ever play
so we've just pulled up in Bristol
Center for a little rave on the street
so the party's ended and we're heading
over to see Jack and Marcus triangle
covers an explosion mother so we've
started to park and sleep outside Jack's
at University tonight just because as
easy as a quiet space other than the
university security goes which q come on
past but the other night our heater had
some trouble so I'm trying to repair the
other hero and fit that okay so that he
is run on diesel and there's a blockage
in the pipes so I have to suck the
diesel through from the tank working and
yeah it's been another have a good day
merci Michel always fixing the bus which
I why I do seem to be but hopefully the
next couple of days might be ongoing
problems I think I'm ready for another
night's sleep
so that's your next time
