it's about 3:30 in the morning on the
way Southampton just stop for a little
fuel top-up and yes driving well good
thing is the exhaust pipes tiller
fair behen we're in South up to focus on
industrious days listening to trap
mornin Plus Yoda say it's like 2:00 p.m.
or something off - maybe
and we've just got up and out the bus
and we're just going for a little scoot
I'm fighting to eat but is actually a
really glorious day
so backward for last day slept most
morning which website to a and we've
just been gearing up getting ready for a
little gathering in Southampton tonight
so the community supporters have shown
up apparently we're not in trouble
they're just nosy but I can smell some
smoked weed around here so hopefully we
don't get the fight shut down because I
do not do drugs okay so we're going to
do a little little eating challenge
reduce where's my challenge okay this
doesn't look bad okay I'll give them
half eat right
take half each Wow what's your mouth
feel like right now there's a pie in my
mouth and everyone's invited never win a
trick we can't really describe the
sensation but a whole mouth numb mouth
none is just tingling like crazy
okay so earlier I broke a pipe under the
bus and all the war leaked out so I'm
topping it I'm going to top it back up
again sometimes I'm going to just go
down here Oh what no problem no wow
that's really bad when the engine has
been running a while it tends to be
quite a lot of smoke above the exhaust
pipes I'll just start up again and we've
literally flooded the whole of
Southampton with smoke look at this
cartoon
so we're filling we're filling the radio
back up and trying to make the final
post the final drive to the to the Gary
oh man it's just literally floating
straight back up okay so we've got a few
miles until we get to the mechanics and
we're hoping the bus doesn't right now
just find a lot of water in it hopefully
we don't break the bus shit
roundabouts
