I'm Zack that's Briley and we are in
Keller Texas and you are watching fun
for Louis good morning guys we are in
New York City we are heading out a few
hours flying to the Dominican Republic
but before we do we've got a few errands
to run and things by and we're going to
also have lunch with Briers Perry and
back and Best Buy I broke my power
adapter the other day is a pretty
essential okay guys I've been
deliberating about buying this next
thing but basically when I was in
Somalia I had a slight incident with a
drone but none of you remember by
crashed into a tree now it was still
kind of working but it's a bit glitchy
and I need to get it repaired as soon as
possible so I'm going to bite the bullet
and buy a replacement maverick Pro
because when we go to the dominican
republic today we will be flying over
the ocean they're doing so many epic
location for shooting and I don't know
if I can trust the current one by I'm
gonna stand out to get repaired so I'll
end up with two working rabbit pros
hopefully
but yeah it was quite a pricey mistake
guys don't never let your battery go
down like 7% because then it tries to
auto land or is try to fly home when it
actually tells you to so I have my new
maverick price I've also just jumped on
earth on a bike because it died the rain
and it's a ten-minute wall that's a
hotel but it's nicer slide but it's like
I thought this makes more sense
I think so quite as confident cycling
around roads in Manhattan as I do in
London I think I don't quite understand
all the rules of like merging Lane the
doctor kept sunlight coming my life so
Fitz getcha
the
we arrived in a Mexican restaurant and
this is making us some fresh guacamole
okay now it's nice I like a little lunch
and catch up with Roy's parents we're
now pushing it get the air one time I
just hope there's no bad traffic
I haven't even packed yet I was there
leaving my new laptop installing the
whole Adobe Creative Suite so I could
start transitioning to editing on that
time to jump not uber security took a
bit longer than we saw
so I started boarding like 15 minutes
and cutting it very very fine
we made it
absolutely
outside of MIT yeah they closed the gate
one 30 minutes before and we have
touchdown in the Dominican Republic
which is my 76130
just about to check out my lid open to
mother for three and a half hours pretty
coatings market but I like certainly
seven o'clock turtleneck the stomach dip
saying right before we leave the airport
we are just getting some dinner areso
vegetable burrito dude come pick us up
yes from we were right yeah oh hey buddy
well going to check out there it's like
fresh and have some produce in the
pattern through that is sorry
oh yeah Wow lucky little partner swing
and this is nice
so I haven't really explained what we're
doing in the dominican republic
basically we're just having a relaxing
holiday now I love you things that my
entire life the holiday not technically
true I'm traveling all sorts of reasons
yes a lot of it's really fun but we are
like trying to have some proper time
just to relax out here so as soon as I
got my editing done we're going to take
a couple of days off and just chill like
literally like put the phones away and
just have some quality time together
because we haven't had that in a while
and then we are actually going to be
doing some kind of some exploring we're
going to be staying in a treehouse order
next week a lot of you know I'm kind of
obsessed with this dream of one day
having my own treehouse so that we've
pretty epic to kind of figure stuff out
and yeah get my days but all of this
needs to I need to basically get all my
editing done first before I can relax
and then we could go on adventures and
stuff so I'm setting up a little
workstation randomly in the kitchen but
it means ryuk and kind of and sleep when
she needs to and I'm not going to be
using the desk here but I have to use my
bedside light and I'm just creating
little vibe here got a comfy seat I'm
going to be plugging in all the laptops
and stuff and yeah hopefully I can get
things that it's done
I'm a little bit tired I just let myself
coffee we've just ordered some food and
then up to room service and yeah then
I'm gonna get cracking this had food
delivered vegetables to the game so we
can hit this joke yet well I've had a
relatively productive night if it asked
for thirty in the morning I'm really
trying to push through what I've been
like drifting asleep on my laptop and
talking about my laptop this is a beast
guys this has been a powerhouse trying
to edit
yeah just like multiple different
cameras you've got my a 7s and autumn I
have been shooting in full HD at 1080
until until these last couple of blocks
in 4k but when I was in Somalia shooting
in 1080 and then on the GoPros are
shooting it like 2.7 K and the drones
are cheering at 4k and I was like
shrinking all the footage down but
anyway it's handling it all amazing I
can scrub through it there's no good
there's no slowing down dragging it to
the timeline it's just smooth I haven't
done a render yet I've just got a little
bit more to doing this vlog tomorrow
morning but I'm very impressed and the
other explained thing is we're
struggling a little bit with this mouse
I got it wasn't scrolling as nigel is v
and well found out you can get drivers
for a Magic Mouse for a PC so it just
feels very natural and other than a few
shortcut differences it's being a pretty
smooth transition so yeah tomorrow is a
big test boat I'm gonna do the test
render
yeah our fastest because I've heard it
twice as fast so that's why to talk is
the newest MacBook Pro like the touch
Bowl one and this is like
a couple years old though I feel like
going to be like three times as fast
which is a dream anyway that's enough
nerving out and tech talk you're into
tropical vibes that's what this next
kind of like ten days is going to be a
lot of beautiful tropical scenery beach
vibes and then some jungle exploration
in tree houses and stuff and that's
plans anyway are catching the mornings
peace out enjoy life live adventures so
