hi my name is Stefan and greetings from
Finland
you're watching fun for Louie good
morning guys I'm in LA today I spent the
whole day on a plane yesterday flying
here from the Dominican Republic and
there wasn't much blog but I am here for
a very exciting reason a lot of you've
been asking about the school bus that I
drove back from Mexico and what am I
doing with it where is it well I've had
it stored just outside of LA and I just
arrived to come and collect it because
tomorrow we're actually tonight late
tonight we are leaving on a road trip me
Sam and JP we are driving via Salt Lake
City all the way to Colorado for the
GoPro Mountain games it's going to be
epic so yeah it's going to get the bus
there's years so the place I've been
storing the bus is actually an animal
rescue center so we may get to meet some
cool animals here 212 pounds
named tuxedo
ah he's so friendly he likes the camera
kind of rusty be reunited with the
happiness bus yeah oh yeah she's looking
she's looking good going some of you
haven't seen this yet this is the bus
that I managed to get holder if I bought
this team unpack maybe in February I
can't really remember but we drive it
back from Mexico look at it okay let's
do this
you're gonna help me put your knife die
so thank you and we are off back on the
ride oh my gosh guys
no good to be button above oh so excited
this road trip but I just filled her up
she's running on empty I had to remind
myself how many gallons the tank is and
it's 50 gallon which is like 150 dollars
right now I also got some supplies for
the drive back to LA is going to be
about an hour maybe an hour and a half I
hit traffic oh and it is a warm day
right I'm back in Venice I've parked
their happiness bus up we're probably
going to end up leaving quite late
tonight because JP probably won't leave
the airports are like 10 p.m. you could
have got school come here and then we're
going to get supplies and wait for Sam's
come meet us as well and then yeah we're
going to head off ah so surreal having
this bus in LA after that crazy road
trip we did through Mexico I cannot wait
for another adventure of it hey guys I
take the booty board out go and get food
took a little bit longer than I planned
go and get the puffs so someone had
lunch yet it's a good thing that the the
bag of roads been looking after this
baby
I'm definitely taking this on the road
trip oh I've missed it so much
I managed to get some takeout from my
favorite restaurant Cafe Gratitude all
my gosh is look incredible check this
out this is like a Indian lentil dish
with sweet potato this is called humble
and this is called ecstatic this is like
Brussels sprouts for roasted Brussels
sprouts no fried I don't know they are
but they taste delicious caramelize the
bank and then I got a green protein
shake
I'm just looking for some audio tracks
that up and coming vlogs this next week
is going to be insane guys I really want
to go all out of the vlogs
thank you for your nice comments about
the vlogs from the Dominican Republic
yeah I don't often get a chance to reply
but I do read through the comments and
yeah it meant a lot okay the boys have
arrived JP has flown in from Toronto
ah Sam he's literally just coming up to
pass now yes frog he's been in LA for a
couple of days as well chillin and I'm
really tired we could be leaving like
now by my after my 7th at the bus so my
dev is livia amen payment all the Indian
well a lot of good news you know what I
saw a little powering up okay
guys I'm trying out sound 11 - was it
level 24,000 - 24 here's a canon lens
it's 11 to 24 look how I don't like it
is super warped
it doesn't like walk like that but not
as be shy but like the edges naturally
will be like a little bit walk oh my
goodness - heavy lips with it a quieter
yeah yeah nah my game it's so sharp
photos and stuff yeah it is it always
like thing
okay I might need to get the cleanse
actually mine is good for like wine less
whining some photos here like landscapes
and stuff you like leg shots out of a
helicopter literally I want to see if
you're in the edge of the frame okay it
does crazy walking face but look at
ticket
Roy's gonna hate me about logging neck
is actually sick now I've got 11 204
falling free lenses okay we're back I
just did a JP I didn't think we'd be
back in this club so I know
excuse me about those me how would you
guys in the van
how does she meal really bring it
I think it's is ready to go Colorado
right it is 5:00 a.m. I just got freaked
out by those dude like mister like weird
puppet men over there anyway it's 5 a.m.
and JP did the first shift I think he
did did a good like two and a half hours
driving probably I took over at 3 so 3
than 2 hours and now Sam's about to do
shift we're kind of on track basically
we're on a deadline because Sam is
filming some content to this road trip
for GoPro because we're heading to the
annual GoPro Mountain Games which is
where all the advocates and influences
and ambassadors will meet and we're
going to be doing crazy activities for a
few days and having fun seminars and
anyway that's where we're heading and
but we need to get there for 11:30 a.m.
to the airport that's the plan but we're
currently due to arrive at like 12:00 so
hopefully they don't mind landing a
little bit late and what else yeah
oh we've only had one hiccup JEP
managed to fix it but what the bus has
been stationary somehow we lost some of
the some of the steering fluid or
something maybe it dried up anyway it
meant that it was super stiff so we
didn't have power steering but
yeah it's sorted now so that's good and
yeah guys I'm just so happy to be back
to the bus yeah a good thing earlier
it's so nice and to be back with the
boys the only person we're missing is
max max where are you bro don't worry
we're going to be catching up the max at
the end of the month all right I'm gonna
try and get some sleep now and yeah I'll
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
