good morning guys
here's a very rainy day here in the
Dominican Republic we had storms all
night woke up to the crazy
thunder and lightning storm of ever
experienced literally like a flash of
lightning literally to feel the Thunder
like rumbling your whole body and we
were up in the top of the tree house is
like huddled in bed like I do hope the
Lightning does not strike this cream
anyway we're all right we survived and
it's just still raining a little bit we
are heading off today to go and check
out this project basically I'm saying
last night a ton of dentists have come
away to volunteer their time to do
dental work on local people's though
there's like 40 dentists or something
staying in the tree house village and
they've headed out to yeah run a little
mobile clinic today so we're going to go
check out some of the work they're doing
and maybe get to chat to a few them and
you need some locals it should be a lot
of fun okay guys half the road eroded
from the storm last night into this this
is like this is a full-on road
don't introduce yourself from my video
hi I'm Jonathan Diaz I'm a co-founder
and local director of Friday's and
outreach we are hearing Samana in the
city hall of Samana doing some free
dental work to the people come on
coat make sure it is here we're doing
three dancers for the patient's they
need the equation we're going to make it
here so we have our set here this is a
patient that didn't have anything and on
Thursday is going to have a brand new
set of teeth that's emerged oh I'm going
to show I'm going to thank you the
before and after on Thursday so we can
we answer so this is where the magic
happened here we have 15 portable dental
units where we can do anything that
requires the handpiece so we do fillings
with use surgical extractions with the
root canal so let me show you around
one of the things that that makes us
unique is that not only we do
extractions and groceries we also try to
do a more comprehensive fare and we have
like portable and digital x-ray that
this is something that you don't see on
the field so so that way we can see if
they need a root canal or so so we can
save the tooth instead of extracting -
today we came in there were 95 patients
waiting to get treated we we've been
working for the first 40 send a group
home so they can eat and come back later
in the afternoon so we do four trips a
year we're coming back to the dominican
tree health in august again so if you're
watching and you're interested of
spending a great time in a beautiful
place and and helping people out check
us out we receive every type of
volunteer you don't have to be involved
in the dental area Jacob this is Jacob
he's our nun dental volunteer yeah so he
does everything from assisting talking
to the patient cleaning stuff so we need
more people than more people like came
from dental we have enough dental people
but not enough volunteer to help us out
I mean a volunteers from all over the
world all over the world they can come
from anywhere we're going to end up the
week in our all-inclusive resort in
Waldo Leo we're going to go Saturday to
join a Colombian
and under angle so we're going to we do
a little bit of tourism as well you know
show the beautiful Dominican Republic
the vijaya date for four days they've
been helping the people here working
hard so we want to have a little fun as
well very well I'm sorry what awesome
thanks for being Amanda we're trying to
do an extraction that we wanted to see
how far the room goes into the bone so
once we see this it also darkening
around the tooth this means that we've
kind of widened the PDL which allows us
to get more mobility of the suit so
right now it doesn't look like there's a
lot of mobility
that we just wanted to make sure we're
not kind of damaging anything adjacent
to it the problem is it's so dense that
when we're trying to elevate the tooth
out the bones kind of just like hugging
it really tightly so we're trying to
open up the space around this area of
the tooth to get a jacana wiggle this is
John he is filming out here for the
organization he's been shooting cool
things I've actually included a new
visited one it's like epic red camera so
yeah
wait is it a dragon it's a scarlet the
weird with the Scarlet okay so who's
been film with some really cool
cinematic stuff yeah I I wish I could be
here to see on Thursday like the
dentures that are paintings there
earlier I showed you they're like
molding the teeth they're taking like
imprints today or which could be his
birthday part that some clips were last
year and some photos the before and
after that I'll show you now so you can
kind of see the impact
you would like their the having had some
serious dental work myself recently I
can relate to the relief of being able
to get things in your mouth to it a lot
of people here having like the major
issues and you know rotted teeth and
problems being able to get them sorted
here it's all free as well is like just
incredible a lot that people here have
never been to a dentist don't really
understand how to like take care of
their mouth so this is like such an
awesome thing for them we're going to
get a funny thumbnail on me like with
one of the Masons that we get now okay
right
I see you were a lot of oh yeah oh yeah
oh oh oh I'm definitely going to wear it
oh we haven't our website for $25 so
they're really really cool yeah nice
just stopped off because there's the
cutest puppy ever here okay puppy Oh
why are you since Luffy oh my gosh all
right dude anything we should get a
puppy okay can we get a puppy bit slippy
yeah
Piccolo's I don't eat chicken movie yeah
you can tell I came across this river
oh we we may have broken down in the
river all right lose giving it a shot
now I think I'll cease fishing in the
back
okay we're abandoning the Jeep I really
have no idea what's wrong with it the
reason why we were crossing the river is
to get to this little village where
Breyer wants to film a little clip for
her video she's making oh my gosh we
found another puppy can you tell us
what's going on oh my gosh why you thank
you okay we just jumped on some bikes
and we are going to head to the village
is a little bit far to walk and there's
like a bunch of lights okay for us to
use though why not so rise inside just
finishing up the last few little bits of
filming and doing a little interview
with a lady who's kindly helping us out
and I'm here looking out for the kid
this little kid bending over now okay we
have successfully filmed riot secret
video and now we're going to take these
bikes and cruise down to the beach
nearby this is an awesome beach we found
ourselves in this big Indrani big boys
Tarot we're wait we diggin I'm serious
get a little cheeky coffee guys the rain
is coming the rain is coming oh no oh no
it's been another lovely evening the
kree house village unfortunately the
power never came back so we'd pretty
much run out charge on our laptops I
didn't quite finish my edit I'm gonna
have to get up or try and get up earlier
in the morning but yeah we're back in
our three houses our last night it's
been the most incredible week and yeah a
real treat today seeing the project and
the dentist at work if you want to check
out their project when they're doing and
I'll link stuff below also if you want
to check out the treehouse stuff I've
got a discount code you can check in the
description as well if you want to book
like a 3 or I think like a 6 day or 7
day visit where they'd let activities as
well and tomorrow I'll try and do a more
comprehensive tour of where we've been
staying because I've kind of shown
snippets throughout the week but I want
to do a vlog mainly just about here
because it's so so cool right um yeah
I'm gonna get some sleep now
and tomorrow I'm going to be heading to
LA and then off on a road trip after
that which I can't wait to tell you
about it's going to be pretty cool see
in the morning peace out enjoy life live
adventure
the
