okay right let's not probably now so
about an hour ago I tweeted out saying
that I'm gonna be doing a live stream
tonight at QA and to ask me a bunch of
questions and there's no specific topic
for tonight's Q&A but I get a lot of
comments throughout the week and emails
asking me all sorts of things so I
thought let's just keep it random see
what people want to ask and yeah I'm
pretty much up for asking answering
anything that you can throw my way so
let's start on the Twitter questions and
then I can move on to some of the live
commentary coming in I mean the live
comments coming in but it is difficult
sometimes guys to kind of keep up with
the comments because they're like
scrolling past super fast right let me
just check it or working still yeah this
is all good my seems to slow down okay
cool right working yeah sweet okay yeah
so right but I just as I was about to go
live Riya responded to a tweet from
Candis saying that you know men and
Messi basically and I was like yeah he
has got a point because look this is my
desk right now as we're as as I'm doing
this live stream so anyway I volunteered
a answer there that I am quite messy
person I said I guess you've gathered
you watch my blogs right so I'm just
gonna throw out some of these first
question am I gonna collab with more
youtubers this year specifically asking
you I was gonna collab with Nash Grier
which is interesting because I've been
tracking to Nash who I've never really
hung out with much but we've been
chatting online and he
actually we'll be coming to join an
adventure possibly in the next couple of
months well so yeah I'm looking probably
not to do many sit down kind of
traditional YouTube collabs but really
want to collab with more youtubers on
kind of adventures trips away and also
gathering kind of a community of
youtubers that want to do something
positive on the platform there's a lot
of negativity flying around especially
the last month or so with kind of
high-profile youtubers like you know
logan paul and stuff making videos that
upset people and reflect badly on the
rest of the community they want to be
doing good things with the with the
platform we have so anyway yeah i want
to do a lot of collaborating kind of
ideas and setting up really cool
projects and helping other people with
their projects that do leave a positive
impact on the world around us so that's
kind of what this year will hopefully
you know there'll be fruit from this
year in different things can't be too
specific right now but anyway that's the
vibe
how do I feel about the challenge of
being a vegan whilst traveling best and
worst countries I'm sure shared a bit on
this before but for me some of you may
not know about two and a half years ago
decided to go vegan many reasons why but
one was this cowspiracy documentary I
watched which I'm sure some of you have
watch as well and it just yeah just
really challenged me on kind of my
impact in the world around me my kind of
how I'd grown up and my kind of frame of
thinking about the world around me
anyway put a lot into question it's
difficult because I'm travelling and
it's hard to have any kind of routine
whilst you're traveling or stick to any
kind of anything because everything's
changing everyday but I did find that
are though challenging being a vegan
wasn't too difficult especially my
favorite food is Indian food curry and
I've traveled to India think twice since
being vegan and it's yeah
probably the best country for vegan food
other than maybe some real kind of some
of the developed cities in kind of the
Western world there's you know obviously
really good vegan places in LA and New
York and London but yeah I don't know
difficult countries there's some parts
of Africa which been really difficult
but I think the most difficult places
are some of the kind of Middle America
states where yeah it's just kind of
diners and nobody's vegan out there so
they just haven't catered for that so
yeah I found that really difficult
here's a fun one what weapon would you
prefer in a zombie apocalypse why you
got a guy for kind of a probably a
slightly shorter range weapon but one
you don't know a gun is difficult
because you're gonna have to be
reloading constantly and what you might
run over am I would you want a baseball
bat I don't know if any of you guys
watch The Walking Dead I have I am a fan
of The Walking Dead mainly because of
the psychological questions are puts in
about humanity in a post-apocalyptic
environment but um I don't know
yeah maybe quite like a samurai sword or
a baseball bat or something anyway let
me flip to flip to the live comments and
see if we've got a neat you guys you
guys here we go here we go someone's not
said what camera do you use for vlogs
and what camera would you recommend
that's great because those are two very
different questions that my cameras here
actually hung would it with me but the
camera I've been using for a few years
now is the sony a7s mark ii now that was
quite a big jump from the camera I've
used in the past and when I first
started this channel the camera that
kind of got bigger and bigger and bigger
which is weird because technology-wise
cameras are getting smaller and smaller
and smaller but I've been kind of
wanting to up my quality I'm now doing
four cave
a little shoot slow my so unless you got
a lot of money to spend on the camera
which I do because I guess it's my main
the main thing I do is filming and
vlogging so I thought you know I can
assign a good chunk of money to the
equipment I use unless you have got that
and want to kind of produce the absolute
top quality stuff you can I would
actually suggest using a point-and-shoot
camera and the two competitors are the
canon g7x to which i actually just
bought for my sister darcy she wants to
get back into a bit vlogging which is a
bit easier to use it's slightly better
stabilization in my opinion than the
Sony rx100 Mark five now it's like the
the canons cheaper better I think better
stabilization when you're kind of fully
you've got the full image in frame but
I'd say Sonia's better quality you can
do super slow-mo you can shoot in 4k but
I have noticed maybe they look corrected
this in the next edition but when you
put the full stabilization on it crops
in a little bit and therefore it's
difficult to hold it arm's length then
you need to get a little gorilla pod
anyway there's so much like a talk on I
don't know all of you guys are
interested in this kind of you know
technical jargon but yeah I think I
would recommend for someone beginning
vlogging that doesn't want to use a
mobile phone to shoot at the canon g7x -
mark - is a really good camera and I
went through like five or six of the the
original g7 x mark ones before I moved
on to the bigger cameras oh right I'm
just gonna start randomly answering as
I'm saying these questions fly in and in
the comments here and what's my favorite
animal I'd say don't know this is
cheating but I'd go for a dragon now I
know that's a fictional animal but it's
kind of like a dinosaur so I guess if
you're getting if you don't mean to say
fiction animal maybe some kind of
dinosaur one of the big you know big
dinosaurs but dragons are the coolest I
think and then if I wanted a pet I think
some
something fluffy and smoke raya has
definitely got me more into kind of dogs
and puppies so I'm sure one stage we're
gonna get a puppy Oh someone said oh I
just saw a comment commenting on this
guy in in Vale in Colorado it's random
but one of the vlogs I did when I was
there with a GoPro Mountain games in the
street I saw a guy using a big
magnifying glass to burn patterns in
wood from the Sun he's using the
perilous Sun focusing I guess you know
when you're a kid and you got the
magnifying glass of burning leaves and
stuff and he was using that to create
artwork and someone said did I like it
or something all of my thoughts and I
thought it's really cool actually I
think you know to harness something like
that something that people can relate to
as a kid you know yeah I remember doing
that and kind of taking it to the next
level creating some art with it super
creative love it love it so yeah that
was cool Wow so many so many questions
coming in someone said how much money do
I earn in YouTube I'm not going to get
specific with money obviously that's a
big question that's asked to youtubers
when when you're in the media and you
know everyone wants to know but I would
say I would say either when you when
you've got a big audience and you get
views on your channel you can earn
enough money to yeah to live off to to
not need another job another another
Avenue of income and for me that was a
big pivotal point in in YouTube for me I
think it was early 2013 I've just moved
to LA and I managed to get to this point
where and at the point at that time I
was crashing on Sawyer Hartman's couch
for like a few months because I didn't
have a lot of money but I realized that
if I can just dedicate some time into
creating YouTube videos and building my
audience and I could you know create a
career from it but key thing here guys
because a lot of people want to jump
into YouTube as a way to make money
the climates changed that it's a lot
more creative than the platform now to
start from zero it's a lot harder than
probably when I did and secondly when I
did I wasn't trying to do it all at the
beginning to make an income it was just
a massive bonus for me and I thought and
I thought wow if this is something I can
do whilst doing something I love and
creating videos and then wow like this
this would be the dream situation so it
came from a place of passion wanting to
make videos wanting to have adventures
and share those of an audience so yeah
if you're if you're kind of
up-and-coming youtuber or you're wanting
to create stuff and you're wanting to
get into the social media world to to as
a job just make sure you know it comes
from a place of passion before you start
thinking about the money how old am I
these questions are gonna be so random I
mean random like I'm just gonna pick
them out of it
so how old am i I'm 34 35 this year
pretty old and but you know I feel young
I feel young and well here we go thanks
will
wills paid on their super chat thing on
my world around trip on my world trip
around the world trip did I get scared
at any point said turbulence or JP doing
rubbish landings firstly JP did not do
any rubbish landings I was always
impressed with his landings yeah maybe
there's one or two moments were the
turbulence got a bit crazy there wasn't
a lot of fear and I think a lot that
came from maybe naivety not realizing
exactly how dangerous situations were
but also trusting JP that he know I
trusted my life with him really and yeah
he's very trustworthy so I guess he
reassured me I think if he was
constantly panicking or not seeming
under control that maybe I'd felt more
scared
why am i stuck at 1.9 million
subscribers I don't know guys the
platform's difficult at the moment I
think I've been creating similar content
for years there's new louder crazier
vloggers on the platform that are kind
of pulling people in I think a lot of my
audience over there kind of five years
I've gathered those subscribers as well
has moved on maybe don't watch youtubers
much anymore but yeah I'm thinking of
ways of growing my channel um but saying
all that I really want to be making
stuff I enjoy I don't get too
sidetracked trying to get the most views
and the most subscribers I think for me
it has to come from a place of enjoyment
first and I'm still really enjoying
creating content I'm gonna slow down a
little bit these the first few months of
this year
maybe I'm playing around with the idea
of uploading every other day which I
have been doing so far throughout
January and yeah just to create give
myself a bit more headspace and to think
about projects like the Beyond Borders
documentary which me and JPA can be
cracking on with over the next month or
two or three and yeah I think I'd only
get too caught up with my identity being
that I can put a certain amount of
viewers in every day or every other day
but it is tough sometimes because you do
think like oh you know why my views
getting less for you why my videos
getting less views or maybe people don't
like me anymore but thank you guys for
those of you that are hanging in there
and maybe actually you could suggest in
the comments some directions I could go
in which would kind of breathe new life
into my channel and help my channel
thrive because obviously the bigger the
platform
I have hopefully the more positive
influence are gonna have with the
messages I share and things I'm doing
and inspiration and potentially if you
feel inspired by some of the travel
stuff I do and I'm trying to read
through other dreads here to stay
yes yeah I think so I don't know if
you've seen obviously my hair is looking
a little bit different from usual
because Sylvia Sylvia Sylvia
the other day shaved the sides here and
neatened up my dreads if you haven't
seen my drapes down before and this is
what my dread to look like down shall I
leave them down for the rest of the Q&A
was this look too weird people say I
look like a completely different person
with it down eat weird stuff again oh
yeah it's not really me you know like I
think obviously the food fillory days
remember was me eating really strange
things often animals which I'm not gonna
eat anymore because I'm very good you
know I've come a long way but it was
very sensational and crazy and shocking
videos which got millions of views but
again I think you know I don't don't
want that to be what my legacy is you
know doing crazy stunts and madness
because for me I want to communicate
sing a bit deeper and share a bit more
something a bit more than a meaningful
so yeah I have thought about it like
bringing back food fillory would be
pretty mad and right so the dawn in
London has messaged on super chat saying
I plan on riding a motorcycle around the
world any tips shoutout he's growing his
channel guys the dawn in London check
him out
any tips riding motorcycle around the
world I mean I haven't done any
motorcycle riding so you might be better
to ask Ben Brown Steve Burke has got
made by now jack harries who else
there's loads of guys doing motorcycle
adventures but I can comment on kind of
a traveling around the world I would say
don't overpack you can always buy things
whilst you're traveling if you need them
I'd say try and bring things that allow
you to be versatile I mean if you're if
you're going into different climates
you're gonna be travelling throughout
the year you want enough clothing kind
of different layers coats t-shirts vest
tops whatever and yeah just think about
how you would charge if you're going to
be doing real
kind of adventures and you know me
staying places you're gonna be camping
think of ways to charge stuff battery
packs multiple batteries there's a good
video you could watch actually on my
channel from from just before we set off
in the world around-the-world flight
trip which was kind of what's in my bag
kind of thing like what I've packed so
there's some good good tips there of
kind of things to bring but yeah stay
open-minded stay inquisitive and in the
mine frame of not rushing but
discovering the world around you as you
travel to connect with local people if
it was a bit weird sometimes if you're
just used to kind of doing your own
thing especially in the Western world we
really keep to ourselves but I would say
try and reach out to the locals around
you try and connect to someone ask them
to show you around you learn a lot more
about place if you're with a local and
yeah just stay stay positive because
adventures tend to throw a lot of
curveballs your way and you can get a
bit disheartened if things aren't going
to plan so yeah don't plan to thoroughly
either herb has message saying why not
linger in exotic places for longer
periods of time instead of rushing
around everywhere so quickly and not
just posh hotels a few things there yeah
so obviously me and Ryan both really
prefer warm climates when we travel but
a lot of my friends are in the UK so
right now in January I'd say it's the
most the coldest and most miserable
month of the year to be in the UK but a
lot my friends are here they're doing
cool things there's an opportunity to
catch up with people and me and Ryan
waiting for her to get her visa to go to
South Africa which thankfully now she's
got yesterday or today she landed in
Cape Town and I'm gonna be joining her
in a couple of days and someone did
actually ask then when I'm going to Cape
Town next so yeah I think I'm arriving
on Wednesday and but going back to this
posh hotel thing look sometimes I need
to partner with brands tourism boards
hotel chains and also often when I'm
doing other branded content they'll put
me up in nice places that's just a part
of it really I'm sure
as long as I'm doing a whole kind of
spectrum of stuff like in the world
flight we were staying in hotel some
days we were staying with locals other
days I was crashing than other people's
couches that I I think for me it's not
all about living luxuriously and
traveling luxuriously but I think I
enjoy that from time to time and then
you can do the real adventurous stuff
and go camping and the the summit that
we held at the end of the world flight
in California we were all camping in
tents
apart from to be fair I was in my school
bus I converted school bus but anyway
it's not it's not a luxury kind of hotel
so yeah I think it's there's times and
places this I definitely want to keep it
mixed up right Cortney has said you
should look into TV wildlife documentary
producing and presenting be the new
Steve Backshall from girls can't climb
mountains look I'm really interested in
documentary making let's see how this
one goes beyond borders let's see later
in the year kind of middle of the year
hopefully we'll have something to show
maybe a director's cut and for those of
you asking as well that contributed to
the Kickstarter and we are still in in
post-production we're still well we
we're only just starting really of
trolling through all you know the these
hard drives these are four terabyte hard
drives I've got three of these so you
like 12 terabytes of footage from the
trip we want to do loads of kind of
interview post interviews with ourselves
kind of like debriefing chatting we
really need to sculpt the whole
documentary so hold tight is coming it's
not coming in the next month or two but
hopefully but I kind of mid 2018 of this
year but yeah after that let's see how
it goes that see how well I've managed
to create this documentary with JP and
then Leah maybe we can start planning
and getting excited about the next thing
the next documentary do you plan on
doing anything like Dave Erasmus making
it off-grid place or making a normal
house eco yeah so
Dave if you don't know David Asmus is
has just got a cottage in the British
countryside very quaint miles from
anywhere really out and out in the
forest and he's starting the next phase
of his experiment last year he there
were a few little huts in the woods in
the woods and now this year he's got a
cottage to play around with and try and
make it kind of sustainable energy wise
but also a place for yeah I guess just
maybe having a few people visit and and
a place to yeah I guess experiment with
community and sustainable living and
stuff like that I want to be involved
with that when I am in the country but
I'm not gonna be in the country a lot of
the year I'm gonna be in Cape Town then
I'm gonna go over to LA later in the
year I think I still I'm trying to fit
in place this bigger vision of getting a
forest for myself and friends and
building treehouses maybe there's gonna
be multiple locations globally that I do
that I can imagine one of them being in
California one of them I guess because
of the connections and network of people
in the UK maybe one of them will be in
the UK but I just probably won't be
spending the winter here
so yeah as you know the last few years
have been kind of talking like this so
it's it's unraveling we're kind of
figuring things out but who knows who
knows what's gonna happen maybe an
opportunity will present itself and I'll
jump at that or maybe I need to build
stuff up a bit slower so Oh someone's
message from Norway I'm trying to figure
out what this currency is not I don't
know if I'm saying it right anyway that
I don't know what your name is
m'kay anyways he's this guy's just
saying he'll show me around Norway if I
visit Norway I just want to thank you
for all of you guys that and kind of
offer to show me around and it's not
always an option
to kind of go places and meet up with
you guys but I've really enjoyed on the
world flight and I'm sure you saw it
from the vlogs isn't meeting you guys
because I was doing little Instagram
stories saying you know I'd love to get
shown around can you host us and it was
one of my favorite things about the
whole trip was connecting in real life
with with my audience with you guys
watching so yeah thanks and if you do
see I mean in a country and want to
reach out and try your best I can't
promise anything but yeah I do really
enjoy and love meeting you guys so maybe
I'll try and do some more organizing
meetups or you know Instagram missions
or something what did i do before
YouTube I'm gonna tie my hair up by the
way oh by the way guys just to show you
how I this is how I keep it all out of
my like my head asking me so many
questions guys Oh before YouTube that's
it I was waiting for someone to say um I
did a lot of things in my life before
YouTube as I said earlier I'm pretty old
I'm getting on before YouTube I if
you've seen my draw my life video you
probably know but I left my a levels
within aim to do a degree course in
graphic design but in my year round my
gap year I ended up getting a job with
i TV doing 3d animation which I was just
learning myself just as a fun thing kind
of experimenting with 3d animation
really enjoyed it ended up working there
for two and a half years from my work
experience I got offered a job a
full-time job really loved it um was
working with a lot of guys older than me
and yeah I think I learned a lot but
coming to the end at that time I'd kind
of given up in the idea of university by
this stage because once you've got a
good creative industry job you don't
really need a degree to to get any
further jobs because work experience
often is just as valuable so unless
you're doing like being a doctor or a
lawyer or you know an engineer or
something you don't really need a degree
so I would firstly think don't just
default kind of don't go to university
and run up a massive debt if you want to
get into the creative industry I don't
think you need the university personally
anyway now you're not hearing me people
saying the volumes too like sorry guys
I'll try and speak up but yeah sorry yes
so from there I actually decided to
leave Scott my job at Skye because I
wanted to I wanted to do more youth work
which I was kind of doing on the side
and I just found that really rewarding
to be supporting and kind of taking
younger guys under my wing and being a
kind of older brother to them and for
the next few years I did a lot of that
did a lot of kind of road trips it was
very community-based though it was very
kind of organic but I did do some kind
of work for the local council youth club
and then kind of stuff my church and
then I launched this big project which
I've been dreaming up for years which
was to buy a double-decker bus which I
called the boom bus and you know some
friends graffiti the whole of the
outside and I have this mobile youth
club which for five years I drove around
London doing kind of youth work and
teaming up with charities and churches
and even the police
- yes have this kind of mobile recording
studio and try and have a positive
impact on young people's lives and steer
them away from the gang lifestyle and
getting in trouble and stuff like that
so that was my life before YouTube and
then randomly stumbled into YouTube by
making these weird kind of eating videos
which is then led on to this channel and
now for five years have been making
pretty much daily vlogs traveling the
world so I guess that's kind of in a
quick summary what I've been doing for
the last I don't know 15 16 years of my
life and yeah I'm excited to have this
platform now and to to continue trying
to impact the world positively but maybe
on a bigger scale but I've got lots of
things cooking away thinking about ideas
of how to do more kind of real like
connection stuff so whether it's more
summits maybe as trips away with other
creators and maybe festivals in the
future all of those things are stuff I'm
thinking about all right how long have
we been going guys
I've been streaming for 32 minutes right
I think in the next 10 minutes or so I'm
gonna wrap this up it's been really cool
I am trying to answer so many questions
but they are just flying in ok I'm going
back to Twitter just because they're
here I can read and I can pick some yeah
best travel advice I can't touch them
this earlier but guys if you're planning
to travel whether it's now or in the
future I would just say go into it with
with the right kind of with an open
heart
I think travel to places where you're
gonna be pushed outside your comfort
zone a little bit may be places that
look unusual and different to what
you're used to and I would say yeah just
enjoy it make sure you're chatting to
people and locals make sure you're you
know in a place to be flexible because
like I said before things that go to
plan
I'm just excited I would say definitely
capture it in some way whether you're
vlogging or just taking photos for
yourself or whatever I'd say definitely
kind of capture what you can of the trip
because it's good I think it's good to
capture memories and and a way to share
them with friends as well guys I'm just
reading through and someone mentioned
would I do another tour to South America
because we think through South America
on the world flight we also didn't
really go to Africa we did go to Egypt
but we didn't go to sub-saharan Africa
it is a shame that we made this global
you know this documentary about global
diversity and did miss major parts of
the world but we couldn't do it all we
had a bit of a time restriction and we
did fly a relatively direct route kind
of around as direct as we could around
the world so we weren't really gonna Zig
zagged across it loads but yeah it would
be good to do more projects I've really
enjoyed doing the interviews in the
world fly chatting to locals learning
about them maybe I can incorporate some
of that into my normal vlogging which
would be cool so many good questions
here guys I guess this is why people
don't do Q&A live often they kind of
collate the best questions are getting
asked sorry there's been a few super
chat people that I've flown in when will
you go to Chile I can't find any Chile
videos yeah I haven't been to Chile I'd
like to do more South America I really
would and there's a lot of South
American countries I would love to visit
I don't know when but at some point
someone said they want to travel to
Iceland currently living on the Isle of
Wight and any any tips on living there
what and me in Iceland oh you want to
travel and live there I mean Iceland's
incredible great scenery definitely
travel there first before you plan to
live there maybe you've already been I
don't know but
yeah I'll just say go there's so many
inspiration of stuff in Iceland that you
look up online it's become a very you
know hot spot for destination for
travelers over the last couple years so
yeah beautiful beautiful place
someone said they remember me on the
boom bus and coming to you to vents and
stuff so yeah cool
any big trips this year that aren't
secret yeah I think I'm definitely
guilty of saying of what I just secret
projects in there in there it works but
yeah
Cape Town definitely in the next couple
of days are going to be over there and
then I'm hoping to oh yeah something I
can tell you guys about in April I've
just agreed literally last night agreed
to do a cycling trip down to Morocco so
it's from the UK down to Africa I've
done no cycling before so this could be
physically very demanding I did mention
I was gonna do this to JP who if you
remember cycled from LA to New York and
he said maybe I don't need to do
training maybe I can just kind of train
on the go but I might do a bit of
training I don't know I'll figure it out
but that's that's one trip middle of
April I think we're leaving 16th or
something and I will keep you guys
updated because it might be that you
want to join us you could come along
we're doing a fundraiser for the charity
I used to work for in South London
called regenerate if you've seen we've
done some trips with them to Kenya and
Romania and stuff so yeah we're gonna do
this big cycle ride I think there's like
ten of us at the moment but yeah if you
want to join maybe this would maybe this
would be a fun trip for you to come and
join on I'm saying whoa whoa I think
someone's saying I should come to
Northern Ireland and I stand for
Northern Ireland ni what does what what
does a nice stand for anyway yeah I've
been once in Northern Ireland but I
would love to I'd love to explore
Ireland and Northern Ireland a lot more
than I have because I've only been yeah
once or twice in the past
yeah Northern Ireland yes yeah my phone
was clinking bleeping and stuff guys I
cannot keep up with what you're asking
and maybe I'll just kind of finish this
all off by saying I'm really looking
forward to this year thank you for
everyone that's been kind of continuing
to follow my vlogs even though now
there's a they're a bit more random
because it's just my day-to-day life and
it's not the world trip anymore but yeah
I'm hoping this year I can continue to
up my kind of content game maybe a lot
of the actual the message of my
continent and maybe switch it up a
little bit so it's not just daily vlogs
following me around and documenting my
days but sharing more sharing maybe
other people's stories as well and yeah
also having some pretty epic adventures
my big dreams and goals for this year
would be to deliver the documentary for
you guys to potentially have that on a
bigger platform outside of YouTube my
dream would be Netflix but you know
we'll see and yeah I think it's well if
I can find some way of beginning the
beginning steps of this dream of getting
a patch of forest potentially in
California starting this this kind of
treehouse community would be incredible
so that's where I'm at in life guys and
I hope that you'll follow on continue
continue following on with my adventures
and also I'd encourage you to plan and
dream up your own adventures as well and
yeah push outside your comfort zones
approach whatever you're doing in life
approach it adventurously whether it's
traveling the world or whether you've
got an office job or whether you're
still at school and keep living the
adventure and I will catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
