I'm Sonia and Helen and I movie and
we're an Annapurna bacon and you're
watching Sandra moving
well good morning guys I am back in
London and I've actually taken a few
days of logging I got really ill in
Florida and is like throwing up and even
trying to fly back to London it was just
like a nightmare they took a few days of
logging
I've almost recovered fully now and I'm
off to Somalia tomorrow and I'm trying
to sort out a second possible because
there's going to be complications like
the other places once I fled Somalia and
with the amount of travel ID I feel like
it's boarded up to pods or so I can
apply for visa specially with the world
like coming up later in the year anyway
that's my mission today I don't really
have a proper appointment but I'm hoping
like a blank my way in the passport
office is over there and I'm going to
run in now it's my very plain I'm
actually into Somalia tomorrow
am i yeah I'm doing working with an NGO
within is a big salmon out there right
now and my friends managed to raise like
two million dollars to help with salmon
release they going out to see some of
the work they're doing it is cool
well guys absolute success I managed to
get a second passport ready to pick up
in four hours which i think is pretty
incredible considering I only found out
about this yesterday okay
the plan is the Laura has kindly offered
to come and pick my passport back up at
3 p.m.
I'm going to get down to sorry now and
see Dave for lunch
because I managed to catch up with Dave
for a while and yeah got a few other
things to still today and I'm off to
Somalia tomorrow
I'll talk more about that later on and
it's going to be pretty epic trip okay
guys I'm Albert day we've just had lunch
and coffee and we're just trying to find
something fun to do for the afternoon so
I find exciting they wish to pop along
the buckets farm it's like a petting
farm where we can go see goats and stuff
I think it open keeping a chill if you
came here just something nice you know
it's a relatively nice day so it's not
as more than relatively nice made lovely
for England okay let's go check out
some of you may remember a few weeks ago
I went for a little stroll with my
grandpa near here we went to Austin
another pretty forest and forget-me-nots
for comment what they were a little flat
okay guys we have our little bag of
animal food and we've been told not to
feed the pigs horses or donkeys but we
can feed the cows and the sheep and the
goat here's a big rabbit yes but it's a
little bare copper thing yes bro guys we
found tiny tiny luggage oh my gosh look
how slowly funny girl oh boy oh baby
animals Doki may that's more your cup of
tea - mine is it okay you don't think
that's like you don't just want to point
that yeah fine you don't need to be like
ah yeah a little bit man is a Billy
doesn't there I love his biggest it's so
cool oh why he just mashed the whole
board one by your son yeah guys do any
of you have llamas maybe you've got a
little baby llama Dave can get off you
he can like look off your llama yeah
I've heard that they're pretty good
slightly in the cast themselves and they
look after other animals as well and lay
basically coughs some horses
and at 37 year old girl when you know
wick yeah this is this like children's
petting zoo
probably not the classic like Friday
afternoon delight but their eurozone
fans up lover those and I love it this
racing pigs behave they set them all off
oh look at these guys
these are the racing pigs we should oh
my gosh these set them ponies yeah is
this a baby Shetland baby
hello hello
they say the same maintenance of Dave
save it I know
oh you are a fluffy donkey
he's got a hint as well yeah he's like
to stub he's got the stubby knife I
could his joys just got a hen straw see
I'm a donkey of it these your guys even
though this car don't need look
terrifying night like they're just going
to spit in your face and chomp you yeah
I know that and I was scared when I saw
on the other day but they look so cool
though look at them look at him
literally a ginormous animal smelly is
what to be mrs. Ricky doing something
there's always a greedy one isn't there
I mean you're not really fitting go say
I mean listen to mr. donkey
they literally dwarf those on the Rings
look at this guy I'm scared for feeding
boss we want those eyes about that what
we go signs of yeah I think Billy go
grasp right there come on then be shy
hey Timbo guys this little Shetland pony
is so excited he's like squealing with
excitement
I'd love saliva they need to be
miniature bar ran over face ba Oh this
sheets quite nice by heart attack King
sister wait you are not messing about
eyes are the lambs are so slow eating
they get like one pellet and there's the
other she comes in and watch the whole
amount hey chubby chubby you have that
you know them
oh you've never know it mr. kaui check
this out guys oh hey yes bro hey this is
pretty bouncy oh oh I want to go to a
trampoline park see
yes I not suitable for children under
four doesn't say an upper age limit
which is good bro this is quite safe way
of doing the high if you were doing high
treetops canopy putting a full-on net so
that even if you had a little pet dog
asan you wouldn't that jump off yeah
because that's right as main consent I
really yeah and these themes are good as
well yeah it may help you with this
location be for a geek yeah it evening
like oh yeah just have Josh playing up
there in the tree house yeah love it why
is he going up sliding slide so fun hey
guys if you're wondering where Rio is I
forgot to say when I left Florida she
flew up to New York and I flew back to
the UK so I could go to Somalia but
we're meeting back up after that Oh
who's silly break a sec man take it in
smiling here in one or at least two
pieces please sorry
so just go back to my parents and on the
way I swang past to meet Laura and pick
up my brand new passport the one that I
literally got this morning I now have
two valid UK passports and they're both
jumbo sized which means they've got like
extra like an extra 20 pages or
something so these are both now valid
for me to travel on which means it's
going to be super easy or a lot easier
when we're traveling around the world to
me to submit both to get visas for
different countries so that saves me
having to stay in the country for like
two months whilst I'm giving them to
different embassies and stuff so I'm
going to within now grab some dinner
with my family and then tonight I am
catching up with Mike and then Steve
before heading off in life Somalian
adventures tomorrow which I will tell
you about the end of the vlog because
it's very exciting
alright oh hi yes but I haven't seen
your hair for real life yet Oh
it's a bit orange in his life I'll get
to you then go to Google they're all
gone God bro I like you feel like you're
a different person I feel weird talking
today to actually be like though I know
that's weird man I'm going to try and
summarize as quickly as I can
why I'm going to Somalia and I'm
probably give you more info tomorrow
when I meet up with the rest of the team
is going but a lot of you may have seen
I think about six weeks ago maybe two
months ago Jerome Jerome Jarre Casey I
think they got Ben Stiller involved
another guy one pal maybe his name is I
haven't met but a lot of big influence
basic basically off the back of
something
Jerome kind of triggers launched this
big campaign to raise funds to try and
help alleviate some of the devastation
that's happening right now in Somalia
and other parts of East Africa where the
famine and drought that's been I think
it hasn't rained in two years livestock
of dying people are dying and Tyrone was
amazed to find out like this was
happening the media weren't like talking
about it he you know he posted a few
things in social media and quite a lot
of stuff happened but basically like so
many people get involved maybe a lot of
you guys donated money and together we
managed to raise I think two point
something million dollars only 2.4
million dollars which is now being you
know it's well under way food and water
is being distributed across Somalia it's
like amazing it's it's literally saving
people's lives
now Jerome's been out there a few times
I have been journeying with Tyrone the
last few years with all of the awesome
things he's doing in his life he's super
inspirational and I've been messaging
drone like a bro and it get involved
when
they come up when it can I come out and
join you so anyway he's like look I'm
twins back from Somalia on the dates
you're around but go out with my friend
Shaka now I hadn't met this guy I met
him yesterday for lunch to learn a lot
about Somalia which you guys will be
learning over the next week but
basically I'm going out with a few guys
that I've only you know I've only just
met Shaka there's a few other guys that
I haven't met I think girls come in from
somewhere I don't know but we are going
out just to document some of the amazing
stuff happening out there
and to see some of the food that you
guys have helps raise funds for the food
and water being distributed like tons
like thousands of liters and tons of
food is getting distributed and like I
said like literally saving people's
lives
now samanya again I'll go into more
facts tomorrow but Somalia is pretty
unstable the government you know
unstable there's a lot of violence or
danger out there it is a bit of a
hostile environment we're going to have
a good security team around us but I
feel like a lot of the people we're
going to meet and the villages we go to
a very separate from that virus it's
it's the people's lives that I'm
interested in is just seeing their the
beauty of culture out there which we
never get to see on the news all I've
grown up knowing is Somalia is stricken
with famine and people starving and then
you know Somalian pirates and all of the
things we see in media and for me I just
want to go out and see it for myself
and see the great stuff that's happening
that's what that's all I know and I
would yeah I want to bring you guys
along on that journey I'm gonna be
vlogging it all apparently Internet's
good out there so hopefully I'll be able
to upload while some out there if not
when I get back but yeah it's going to
be one of the biggest craziest
adventures and one of the
country's I'm going to which is pretty
uncommon like when I was in the passport
office today the lady was like I talked
to hundreds of people a day and I've
never met someone's going to Somalia so
anyway it's going to be a very
interesting trip and yeah I think yeah
things going to be incredible and
hopefully yeah I can show a little
window into into the beautiful people
into the beautiful Somali people I catch
you bright and early tomorrow morning as
we set for the airport and embark on
this amazing trip peace out enjoy life
live the adventure boom
