good morning guys I'm in New York City I
try to vlog my trip yesterday from Kenya
to New York start on the leg from Turkey
to New York I had my camera's taken off
me because it is high security alert the
moments that laptops and cameras can't
be taken on and hand luggage anyway I
didn't have much of a vlog so I just got
cut straighter today I'm in New York two
days I've met with dryer I just left the
hotel and I've come down to P&H because
I am going to be selecting a new laptop
today which would be capable of
rendering 4k video and I'm going to stop
logging in 4k so that's a the thing I've
been wanting to do for a long time and
I'm super excited so let's let's head in
all their clothes they close early on a
Friday
there's a few other things I need to
collect autumn here one is I'm hoping on
getting new protective cover from my
Mavic the camera protector and also I
want to see one get a little red filter
or underwater filming with the new GoPro
because my old Phil doesn't see on
for those of you that haven't seen any
vlogs before where I'm in bnh basically
the best camera store in the world I
mean the drug addiction lighthouse look
there's just so many options and then
this would be VR area right loads of VR
rigs and stuff I'm trying to find a
mouse that will work the pc/laptop like
the Magic Mouse hmm and the options
thanks a lot
guys my new laptop I'm so excited I am
making the jump as I mentioned from Mac
birth to a Dell XPS 15 I've been living
in it for a few months I looked at some
different laptops when I was in Dubai in
December and I had modified from other
PC users are my friends but really the
fact is that the new MacBook Pro is
doesn't cut it when it comes with like
raw power for editing so I'm hoping this
Dell machines going to be going to be
pretty epic let the hotel
come with Raya and their sister Dina how
you doing Ryan we realize differences
each other for almost two weeks we
thought we are going to the Dominican
Republic sorry which the folks very
exciting you actually do 56 Carter okay
we couldn't find the place on our map
because it was underground in the subway
station so just come
down in the 59th Street subway station
and it's like awesome down here but a
little market guys you just got lunch
and coffee check this out this is an
interactive game just in the subway
station
anyway
I might not have mentioned yet today
guys but it is scorchingly hot I cannot
believe it's May in New York it feels
like the peak of summer
yeah a picnic Oh
yeah I cannot remember the last time I
went recycle right in Central Park
today is the perfect day for cycling
I think tend to park big enough so even
if you've been there a few times you can
keep on exploring and finding new parts
of it you know it's crazy as well
I still haven't ridden a booster board
through Central Park and this would be
like the best spot to do it I've ridden
skateboard through a few times that
first it would be incredible
unfortunately one of mine's in LA and
the other ones in London I didna need to
head off to work here I are going to
continue exploring
I love the business little area of
tranquility in Manhattan because I think
one of the things I struggle with when
visiting New York is the pace and
they'll be stressful for me I think
maybe it's something that grows anew but
when I'm just coming for a few days or
even a week sometimes it's just a bit
overwhelming they're coming into Central
Park's like a feature especially in the
summer
again this is my thinking with the
accordion 4k now obviously most of you
watching my vlogs on your phone and
those of you that are watching on your
kind of laptops or desktops are probably
not watching in 4k you might be watching
in 4k if you're watching from the TV
however these videos hopefully are going
to be staying on YouTube like decades
the my thinking is in the future if I
don't start recording everything in 4k
I'm going to look back and be like oh
why didn't I recorded 4k because by then
we'll all have like 4k like 3d VR
headset and be watching what I usually
do to nose probably so that's like
thinking I'm future proofing my YouTube
channel and yes
upping the quality only problem is at
the moment none of my cameras shoot over
30 frames/second at 4k so can't do any
slo-mo unless I get like a 1 DX 2 or a
gh sighs but I'm sticking with Sony so
we just have to hope one of their
cameras that comes out tuned as 4k at 60
these bikes we've rented are the new
york city bike they're a little bit like
the the forest bike London so
conveniently we can just take these
three back to where our hotel is because
there's a docking station right there
the nice little nice little right away
maybe is cradle hot so I don't think we
could survive much longer pretty
exhausting his net having like fun so my
legs have gone you may have seen six
weeks ago when I was here with JP and we
were down at B&H checking out equipment
for the world's flight documentary like
microphones and cameras where they are
actually storing us out some equipment
including upgrades to our laptops which
we're going to need for editing before
the trip as well we're going to be
documenting some of the sort of you know
press and getting ready and stuff so I'm
actually posting a laptop to JP in LA
I'm hoping I can overnight it to him but
this is the the new MacBook Pro you've
chosen to stick with Mac and like I said
earlier I've chosen to go back to PC I
haven't used the PC in probably probably
like I don't know like eight or nine
years so we'll see how it goes
we've the few mice here none of these
are the one mainly this one this might
be the guy okay so this little guy is
the one I saw online I thought would be
a good option but this check this out
this is the the mouse that Microsoft
designed to use with Microsoft Surface
but it will work with the Dell PC as
well to check this out to travel it goes
completely flat and then you just send
it into position and then it's wireless
Bluetooth check that out and then you've
got C wave scrolling this is exactly
what I was looking for this is
innovation right here right it is time
to unbox my new computer looking nice
well unlike the new MacBook Pro it's
gone FB card reader HDMI two USB ports
and a USB port USB see
oh my gosh touch screen you have a touch
screen Oh X means going to get so deadly
it seems like it's going to take me a
while to set this up properly I don't
want to bore you guys with me sitting
here for the next hour just downloading
all the software and ease and all that
kind of stuff
realistically I'm going to have to do a
proper review probably either tomorrow
or the next day when I have a chance to
like install everything get my files
over and edit a vlog and then I'll be
able to talk about the render time how
much quicker it is whether I've been
able to edit this 4k footage
successfully I'll give you a full full
on review in a couple of days anyway
it's been a productive day it's been fun
and tomorrow we're going to be rushing
around in the morning to get you things
sorted and then yeah catching a flight
to the Dominican Republic is going to be
really nice and I wanna spoil the
surprise but we may be staying in a
treehouse next week it's going to be
epic but anyway I will catch in the
morning peace out enjoy life Olivia
adventure boom
