good morning guys is the last day in
Cape Town we've been staying at this
beautiful place Blackie's blood to this
now it has been our little refuge was
just recuperating after the amazing time
we had Africa burn but tonight we are
flying back to the UK for one day and
then on to America so we've got few
things to do today including its
dropping in on Nick and and we're going
to meet their little baby
Jesse also max has just dropped Pascal
some footage this is the biggest okay
heck okay you will chill there dude in
the world laughing in the face yeah
looking tight looking for it must be so
happy here life is good alright we are
going to see max again at the end of
next month for VidCon is going to be in
LA so good timing he's often summit
Africa adventures so make sure to check
him out on linkers YouTube channel an
Instagram stuff below but it's been yeah
being a mad adventure and yeah I'm glad
that Matt convinced us to come to Africa
burn alright we're leaving our place
we have all our bags still have our
rental car and we're heading out for a
few adventures today before leaving Cape
Town it is stunningly beautiful day and
then we're going to go hit the beach for
a little while we're going to go and get
lunch as in yawn
so we have arrived at Clifton Beach I've
been to the rocks a few times now but
I've never walked down to the beach and
the Perry this is the number one best
beach in Cape Town
yeah for the third lines head this is
beautiful
guys I just say how amazing would it be
to have a house here look at these
houses overlooking the beach imagine
only one of these and every morning you
look out your window and you see this
view
so any of you guys live on the beach I
felt like that the night I'd like to
live in a beach one day
is it take oh yeah maybe in the summer
when it's like super high or be nice but
no way yeah I do not know how people go
swimming and surfing in this temperature
war
and now with Ben yesterday he's gotten
Cape Town and he said him that Nicola
looking through some warm water surfing
and I don't blame him so we might try
and plan something in maybe Hawaii or
Farley so we've just arrived and
vineyard now to get some lunch
this is so beautiful we're in Constanta
just at the base of Table Mountain I
can't pronounce the name of this
vineyards but that's what it that's what
it looks like written down
butin Berg vast King don't like that
about any ray Briah found this place and
it looks so beautiful Nicholas II
kids
right they just brought out this awesome
little vegan saga nice collection of
bread
next up which is a plum sorbet to
cleanse the palate I've been told was
three green ice give it a taste
I've never had plan for moving for any
but they didn't have much vegan on the
menu but I got a nice little plate
themes veg and some chips guide one
little note from here the coffee is
incredible I was not expecting that but
I was like one of the best coffees I've
ever had we just found out that the name
of this place means beyond expectations
in Dutch school and I can see why this
is stunning
it's legal in is so nice and even though
me and Ryan drink it it's such a
beautiful location and the nice little
spots grab some quick lunch where all
the great so they've been harvested guys
you see how these leaves are turning
brown that's because it's autumn in
South Africa moving towards winter like
the opposite in northern hemisphere
we're in a cemetery right now
still like blazing hot the only reason
I'm wearing this top is because I've got
a tank top underneath and it's quite an
respectable place like we don't won't be
wearing my tank top okay it's been a mad
hour - we've just dropped off the rental
car a ride to the airport our flight is
in like an hour and a half thought that
was the relief we just hit some bad
traffic and I was worried we were gonna
get here too late but I think it's all
good okay so I knew that in South Africa
you can't fly internally with a penny
board I didn't realize they stop you
getting on international flights at the
penny board so I had to check it in and
I'm terrified of the ticket desk or you
check in because they always ask the way
my hand luggage and it's like quadruple
the allowed weight because I've got all
like my electronics and stuff in it so
she checked in my penny board and she's
like boom turn around let me see your
hand luggage I'm like whizzing around
she's like I need to weigh that and I
was like no no I don't worry about it
it's going to be fine
and I basically convince them not to
weigh my hand like it I just like now I
just let me through its kind of valuable
than anyway she's very kind and let me
through I always check in online so I
don't have to get interrogated to weigh
my hand luggage they anyway I'm through
now rides almost here
she actually swung past to say hi to
Nick and hand and then you baby Jesse
you know show a little clip of Jesse now
okay so Louie had to rush to the airport
unfortunately to make it to the plane
and I'm about to jump in an uber but I
met Nick Andrews really quickly and I
wanted you guys to meet Jesse because
he's the cutest baby ever and I'm not
being biased Hey look at tiny ears
oh we've been trying to keep them awake
for you guys oh he wants to see oh my
gosh sleep is life guys Nick and your
parents now crazy how weird is that
yeah oh yeah five days very in your
pocket little hey little guy Oh Who am I
you're Tommy if you see oh so soft crazy
he told me Jessie say hello
he shouted with you to our life yeah I
remember them do you see them
whoa she cut me draw yeah buddy
oh hey right we're boarding very soon
and I am ambitiously going to try and
finish render and upload my blog before
we take off I don't think that's going
to happen I'm gonna try hey guys I have
is like 11 minutes remaining your fiber
and our lettuce did a speed net which
from the flame cy5 market I don't think
is going to work I don't England get
this uploaded towards Asia off
sometimes the same likely delay you're
wearing on the runway trade itself like
it wasn't human ever 38 seconds as if
you have assorted taxiing to the runway
I suspect it could you might be behind
you to remind us of the prospect of a
cycle begins we need a safety party
going on
right I'm going to get this leave now
cuz we still got quite a long flight
back to London and we've got a very busy
day tomorrow including meeting line
neath indeed for the first time and I'm
gonna get my dreads or it's later in the
evening and just hopefully think white
people popping in on my parents for
shooting up tomorrow just Florida
playlistlive they going to be a long few
days but it's been yet an amazing trip
such a cool time in South Africa
especially the Africa fan and I hope you
guys enjoyed that
yeah being really nice and yeah
he's really good at being Nick and
Andy's baby Jet Li as well
not the baby moments got the baby around
I will catch the guys and the landing in
a morning without enjoy like in the
adventure
