good morning guys it's our second day in
Somalia and we are about to head to a
village called good plan there will be
distributing food couple big trucks with
food and supplies if you've been
following what I'm doing out here with
Shekhar and this project that Jerome's
been involved with the love army it's
just amazing to see the people that have
been contributing to this yeah raising
money for this project actually seeing
what it's doing here with the local
people is yeah it's just really powerful
the other thing that's really good news
is love that I was we were sleeping
there's a massive downpour of rain
whether it's been around here for two
years the last two weeks it suddenly
started raining so it's going to take
some time crops again and it's not you
know we're not in the clear yet but it's
a really good sign there yeah that we're
coming out of a drought
crush my drone in a thorn tree didn't I
okay alright let's load up and get it
okay the militaria are going to go get
it for me
thank you all right it's right at the
top there this is quite the entrance to
the village today get my drawings done
all of the army are helping me now
everyone is on the case this is so good
ok so not only is it super thorny tree
it has a very very venomous snake we
should kill people in the past lives in
this particular tree oh my good no way
- ooh a lot of booze laughing our folder
became polluted or another
mahat said it I'm rich legend this
legend got it
what's your name Eileen Elliot are you
ready I had seven so visibly oh thank
you in Somalia
there was a line in heaven so the trucks
have almost unloaded all the food I've
been told the procedure now is this big
crowd of people over here patiently
waiting we'll get called over and then
they'll be allocated an allotment of
food and they will sit with that food
and then once everyone has kind of been
fairly distributed - then they'll be
able to leave with the food so it stays
like having a big rush of people just
you know scrabbling for food I think
this is yeah a lot more safer and fair a
way to hand it all out
Oh
yes bro the main bulk of the food is
rice flour and sugar so these are all
the bagged up here on the truck and then
they're unloading them and stacking them
over there I know two villages here with
this crowd here and then there's another
crowd assembled over there do you know
how many people roughly
a lot a lot of people here yes also
share with other people so this isn't
just going to be for their household
doesn't household next door maybe made
it here or need food as well and I'll
just share within their community
the guy this is the full set of foods of
life each family are getting they've got
flour sugar and rice all 25 kilo bags
and then a 10 kilogram bag of states a
2.5 kilogram tin of dried milk and then
thing is vegetable oil I guess is like a
couple of litres of vegetable oil as
well
the guy's understanding on the Somalian
military car with their mounted like
high caliber gun on top I don't know
what exact type of machine gun this is
look at the size of these bullets they
are like how longer than my finger oh
this so this guy was the guy that just
climbed up the tree to get my drone so
the gift I gave him my playlistlive
glasses I got the other day he's looking
pretty good in them yeah basically I was
just told that the village leaders have
identified the most vulnerable people in
their community and they're the ones
that get a priority and collecting the
food and then their family members will
get called over to help them carry the
bags and stuff once they've been yes
they've been shared out to the different
people all right everyone's sitting with
their food
amazing what a small ideal dream can
start like the chain of events that can
lead people actually getting says the
other side of the world yeah thousands
of people's lives are being affected
right now in an amazing way because for
the last few years of seeing this kind
of increasing famine and drought and
although they're starting to see an end
to the drought there's there's so many
people out here in Somalia suffering and
yeah I think this is in the short term
this is an incredible thing to do I
obviously think there's there there's
long term solutions that we need to kind
try and figure out together at the
global community but I just think this
is this is great to see and knowing that
these people will not go hungry for the
next month so this is a month supply
that they've got right now and then
hopefully next month will be another
shipment of food
okay I'll just have a little nap guys
just rested up I think it's nice to come
back for lunch and in the heat of the
day just recuperate a little bit
unfortunately got a tiny bit sunburned
this morning because I forgot to bring
my song cream with me isn't too bad
though and I think the plan now is we
are jumping back in the car and we're
heading out to I think it camp like a
kind of like a refugee camp and we're
going to be meeting some local Somalis
and two children and yeah hopefully
hearing some of their stories it's been
difficult so far that have kind of
engaging conversations obviously there's
a language barrier but even with that I
think the scenario settings we're in
yeah a little bit more difficult to kind
of pull people aside and chat but
hopefully we'll get to do that here
so I've just found out some of the
people living here come from the Dadaab
refugee camp in Kenya which we met some
other people from there yesterday and
that camps been closed down in Kenya or
they're starting to close it down to a
lot of people now coming back into
Somalia that used to live here
or that we're originally from here and
they're having to find ways to kind of
yeah to reintegrate into society here
and it's difficult it's a difficult
thing to deal with
yeah you're very getting yeah very good
I like English
I'm covered in absolutely will excited
really thing welcome visitor Somalia hi
Milazzo we long live Somalia long-lived
Amalia
well we're back into the evening it's
been an amazing day I feel really
privileged to have been able to come out
here and document what's been going on
firstly to meet some Somali people and
also to see what the love Army's been
doing and like I said like this is a
collective effort this is I think more
than 90,000 people across the world
helps raise that 2.4 million dollars and
I think they've managed to distribute
600 tons of food and 2.7 million liters
of water to different people across
Somalia and it's all local Somali
volunteers that are helping distribute
and yeah I just think this is a global
effort we're all joining in I'm not
doing anything special being out here
I'm just literally documenting and
seeing what's going on and I think yeah
I just did this kind of thing just
excites me to realize like what we can
do together what we can do when we join
forces when we focus on a goal and say
this isn't okay this needs to change and
globally from whatever country you're
from wherever you're from yeah that we
can team up and do this this is the last
full day I've got in Somalia and then I
think I've got a little bit of time
tomorrow before I head back to Nairobi
and then Istanbul and then on to other
adventures but this is definitely not my
last trip here and I really want to come
back out maybe when Jerome's here as
well and yes see some of the things
they're doing at other places and
hopefully get to see a bit more of a
Somali culture I really want to go to
like a music night or something and be a
lot of fun but anyway I'll link below
any of the I don't know ways that you
guys can get involved in helping long
term and yeah I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life
live the adventure
