what laughs good morning guys it is very
early
just just gone 5 a.m. we're in Nairobi
and we're about to jump in the plane
because Somalia I'm with Shekhar and
we've just been joined by someone else
and Mark he's just blowing in from
Canada we don't know what's going on
it's a little bit crazy we haven't even
got a possible if you don't know where
they've gone includes run off of it but
gonna be good in it is not yeah not cold
we we didn't sleep at all so I don't
know what we're going to claim today
maybe we'll ever see escalator so I'm
actually really excited it's going to be
an incredible trip we found of all sorts
we found the box was still good it's all
good just went blank oh well you got
nothing on anything nice shiny no you
got the Newton to play listen this is
big
mahlia is our security talk we're going
to do it by our military every guy
do it just a ride our guesthouse still
only 9 a.m. and it's very warm nice so
to those of you that haven't watched my
last couple of vlogs on their explain
quickly what I'm doing in Somalia
basically I think two months ago my
friend Jerome and some of its friends
including shut up basically launched a
big campaign to raise money to help this
massive famine and drought happening in
East Africa specifically in Somalia and
over the course of a week there was this
viral social media campaign to raise
money and they've raised 2.4 million
dollars it was incredible I was watching
it all happen it was all unfolding in
our site I've got there part of it the
movement is called the love army and
this is the first big cause that the
love army trying to make a difference in
so I basically asked your own if I can
come out and join them
Jerome unfortunately is just left from
another part Somalia so I've joined his
friend shutter who I only met a couple
of days ago and yeah we're going to be
visiting some places today and tomorrow
and doing some of the food distribution
but also getting to meet some of the
Somali people and hopefully yeah get to
talk to them a little bit and learn a
bit of the culture I'm really excited to
be here and get the past that kind of
environment of what the media say
similar is and get to learn a bit about
the people that live here is what I'm
most excited about alright time for
breakfast
my breakfast
like none of brake pedal I managed to
find myself of coffee and we're about to
head out we are heading to come visit a
youth vendor nearby I've got a security
guys with us again
hey guys
my name is Mel North I was born in
Somalia I was I left here when I was
about six months old
and obviously is right after the war I
lived in Canada since 1989
pretty much I'm here with Shaka and
Louie they're giving us a tour right now
of the AR XP camp actually the people
here are returnees of Dadaab refugee
camp but and they're really doing
amazing things they're reintegrating
them back into the community teaching
them skills or playing pool they're
sewing and we're just so happy to be
here welcome to smile welcome to the
returnees Center here we have about 600
young people and majority of them from
ma and that can we try to educate them
and different skills so that they will
join the workforce here o gives our
tailoring class la here we have our
producing a handbag on the walls you can
see real-time bags with the place plus
the fact okay
after the training you may give them
each a filling and in the open small
shop delivered some of them are born
Luigi can world's largest widget can
recover the data in Cana and because
Keenan government will give depending
them back it was important for us to
open this Youth Center for them because
we have to integrate within the society
get a job with school get some training
in school whether they can rebuild their
life at go back if you want to expand of
their own team but also one of them to
be part of the bigger society of Somalia
and to rebuild this country that has you
know problem for 25 years River the
feature of Somalia or banal from hell
because they never think it's saving
countries they will government in stable
Somalia 25 years ago civil war happening
so they've never seen I'd like to be on
a stable systems draw energy so for
always with ill we have to help them to
succeed rather than to fail
we need to know how I am I am Alan
Shannon like yeah she likes she's very
proud of her culture and the dance of
council yeah my ultimate goal in life is
to work with children she wants to teach
them things that she's learned and from
her past experience so she could
councils on pretty much she said she
felt the most proud and happy when she
was given the responsibility to take
care of her family oh this is one of our
two computer clusters we have here
okay for anyone that doesn't know what
Somalia looks like this is a map of
Somalia yeah it's like this is the Gulf
this is a gulf here right now and then
Ethiopia tear
Kenya's down here we're right down here
okay just tell pathology so I just
learned fascinating fact that in 1974
the central government sent out 20,000
teachers across the country and at the
time there's only 5% literacy rate and
within six months to a year they had
taught 1.7 million people how to read
and write and within five years the
literary story literacy rate went up to
65 percent in the country I've never
heard anything like that about math and
so so cool we're learning a lot about
people's lives here and kind of the
stuff they're going through their dreams
aspirations and very moving stuff yeah
I'm trying to capture all I can but this
is this is a really amazing center here
and I think they're doing yeah
incredible things for people's lives to
essentially rehabilitate people back
into the Somali culture that have been
out in different refugee camps I think
in Kenya for a lot of their lives for
many years and then this is a place
where they can come back to to try and
yeah reintegrate into society meet
people make friends learn skills get
educated and maybe find jobs
so we've just arrived at a stadium in v
Mayo and this was only built three weeks
ago this new pitch and I just told that
not only is this a great thing from the
city here but also it's uniting the
whole country because obviously teams
are coming from all over if you can
bring people together with a common
thing like football then you know maybe
we'll maybe we'll see some some of the
relationships prepared some different
areas you know maybe people will connect
some different areas that haven't had
that chance to before so this is an
amazing thing
Oh
mr. Mao who are the local team
well we're into the noise we got early
start tomorrow we're going to be
seasoned with a food distribution that a
lot of you have helped raise funds for
with the love army and movement over the
last couple of months so we're going to
be seeing and somewhere that kind of the
free of that but funds that you guys
have helped raised and if you don't know
about the lover army I'll try and link
some of the other stuff I think they're
still looking a funding campaign running
to you to get involved because we are
far from over in trying to combat the
famine and throughout here but and you
know it started and it's amazing to see
some of the other projects running out
here and trying to make a difference and
yeah I'm yeah I'm already wanting to
plan the next trip out here it is it's
an incredible country with beautiful
people catch in the morning keeps out
enjoy life living venture but
