good morning guys is our second day at
the Africa burn and my birthday today
because pretty exciting it's a cool
place to celebrate match was about to do
his with normal morning workout with me
Jeremy's going up I'm going to tell you
this later that is Jeremy electric
off-road skateboard or player that later
on in the meantime do some dancing
doing
source of that battery now I'd
electric-powered knowledge yeah
Johnson over Jeremy's going to get the
other
fifteen so much fun guys this is
incredible
we did like this is like the next level
of foods good so good let's go the urban
machine is just given me a necklace
thank you so much thank you so your mess
of Africa oh yeah
that's one of the cool things about this
place is everyone's giving you gifts and
that's the whole kind of ethos of Africa
burn and Burning Man it's like no money
no buying things you just yeah gift
people things we have left Jeremy we're
going to go and catch up with him and
his friends in a little bit before we do
we're going to pick up lunch right
jested avocado and toast because our
avocados are super ripe Howard toasted
you on this
we like
that is not bad going for a camping meal
so the wind has picked up and it's going
to be dusty out there so I got my
goggles on I've got a little a little
stuff my face yeah check this stuff down
I have our bike max is God's mo I'd like
to introduce you guys to Germany as well
jiminy giving it up he always travels
with you so
oh hey Jimmy
so is this one caste sister like repair
center like tire repair play because
yesterday a guy come Jason here let us
install to take the back seat out of the
car so we can sleep more comfortably and
it's very kind of him so we just dropped
off a package Oreo say thank you
these guys I'm not getting paid to do
this so sorry how the generosity of
their own hearts they like helping
people with problems yeah
alright let's keep exploring so many rad
vehicles everywhere hello
it's a good shoes off vibe here sounds
like you came to yesterday oh yes right
we are cycling over to a unicorn
sculpture to get the photos check out
before they burn it I think probably lay
inside
me
Albus
here
thank you
so the plan is now we're going to head
back to the camp and just get some more
kind of evening clothes on shorts and
batteries maybe have a lily and then
head out the cache sunset
yeah son quote on some he did a
absolutely epic something as expected
right there's a burner side over here so
we missed the beginning of it but we're
going to try and get out legacy see
what's going on this is such a beautiful
birthday evening like epic stuff there
chillin by the fire looking forward to
exploring all nine can we do a late
night tonight yes the first time I've
ever met with Louie Anderson as always
with the guys in Iceland and horseback
riding for tours
yeah this is quite a small bird I'm
guessing I don't know what that was
without a unicorn
you having a good nice day bye max
honestly I'm not even sure I can come
over the word to describe how incredible
this moment diploma right now is so
chatting with the company with the ferns
kicking off would like to do for you
around us it's okay
so I would made our way back to camp for
dinner just heat up the water made more
noodles all right we are going through
exactly like college life yeah and then
I can't remember the last time I ate
this many noodles here almost finished
our noodles here we've at somebody's
just noodles and can food that's
basically what we're surviving on so we
just finished dinner
we're just recuperating before heading
back out into the mayhem and Riya would
just open this little cake a little
birthday cake oh it's so nice and we're
just chilling watching TV and then in
the car with it aircon on exactly we'll
just take a nice comfy cushion to our
bike feet because it's taking its toll
and all that and and we're ready Riya
shows you're like you can only see a few
light years right good light up food I
go
we only found them pretty good music
it's very important
Africa band to wear light because if
you're wandering around in the dark
people can't see you and you might get
going vintage this is the music that
most of the venues that Apple Gabbana
play and this is a sign of how popular
that on a music is I think if it's just
straight techno music and I'm a big fan
of electronic music Clark no really take
time any problem baby seems a funky how
maybe a bit of like rap music but not
technologies this is not popular awesome
news we found an alien coffee shop
so probably coffee time this is amazing
and just to remind you again guys
everything's free here you don't buy
anything we really just like how the
generosity of their own hearts like
providing things equal tomorrow is the
last full day we've got Africa burn and
I think that's when they're going to be
burning a lot of the massive sculptures
and stuff like that so that'll be
they'll be pretty crazy
yeah hopefully it's another scorching
hot day it's been like the most
beautiful weather we brought fur coats
but like tonight it's been so warm so
they wolf I catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life in the adventure
