good morning guys today is the day I'm
getting my dreads fixed up we're Sylvia
it has been we figured out over six
months right yeah it's been I think a
July last year before way before I went
on the world flight anyway over that
time obviously what I created become a
little bit tangled kind of loose at the
top at the roots and yeah we're gonna
show you how she can transform them from
the kind of the mess they are at the
moment to like super neat as you I'm
sure you've seen before but yeah I think
this is must be one of the longest times
I've left it yeah so yeah let's get
cracking it's gonna take a few hours
we're gonna time-lapse it
I've got my coffee ready and yeah see we
can give you some updates throughout
just to show you how again you'll see it
looks like it looks okay to be honest
listen doesn't look too bad
um I'll see ful
but hey nothing that can't be fixed
before we start can you run through the
technique you're gonna use their
hundreds the main tool is 0.75
millimeter crochet hook we might need
some scissors to cut like the edges and
I have one of those bad boys have a few
sizes finally got my hand thing again
they all go around the edges amend but
main thing is crusher can hands yeah
okay
so fixed this area so far fix the dreads
all along was that they're kind of the
most matted yeah I think that side is
gonna be more mattered so yet to do that
but so this how it looks
the roots at least looks fixed and this
is how it looks
I'm fixed are you feeling okay is not
painful yeah sweet
we're almost halfway I think and I just
got some lunch tomato soup got another
coffee gonna crap on with some editing
how we getting on good good like Oh what
have we done yes
so what's this technique here where you
rub where you're rubbing it against yeah
well people just say like palm rolling
really but it's just like route rolling
between your fingers and then you do
palm running but mainly focus on these
bits of my palm so really like I roll up
the dread get all the heads in it
crusher sounds super simple like I'll
just wrap the hair around the hook and
pull it out just repeat but there's
definitely like techniques to that each
individual dreadlock needs to be done
like differently according to the route
and like denseness of your dread and all
that stuff so yeah you make you make it
feel like it's quite easy but then when
I really pay attention to what you're
doing I'm like I don't know you have to
do that yeah a lot of people said that
but some people pick it up quicker than
there was as well like
guys all of the dreads have been
tightened and crocheted and stuff and
now it's time to neaten around I don't
have you were watching at some point
last year we took the step of starting
to shave the sides all kind of trim the
sides because that my hair is thinning
quite badly here so she's gonna shave
here I tried I tried to do this over
Christmas but it didn't really work too
well I think I shaved the wrong bit
anyway she's gonna neaten this up and
then around the back that I don't know
if you can show oh yeah like all of this
needs meaning right mm-hmm wow they look
so much better now already yeah then I
guess all of this needs yeah we'll just
trim a little bit like cut in shape the
rest
okay we are now cutting some lengths off
the dreads this is like I think this is
a good amount this is like two or three
inches of dr. Edelin last time yeah
that's more than that's lucky yeah
that's the coffee is great for something
there but anyway Becca it's getting
quite long and and no more just straggly
so it's trying to get rid of that
struggling this it's always weird seeing
my dreads like this
alright sylvia's off thanks so much
oh she she did a fantastic job I wasn't
gonna wear my headband and she was even
suggesting I could wear my hair down
tonight but it's a little bit chilly
outside still so this is keeping my head
warm and if it gets super cold I can
just tuck my ears in but yeah I'm ready
to roll now I'm ready for a few more
months at least and yeah
maybe when I get back and do a little
spin and show you how good it really is
but extremely happy
I'm gonna get some dinner now it's a
long day six hours okay I'll show you
the dreads finished this is them down
don't off the web my dreads down the
guides as you know and I only really
would unlike dancing or swimming or
maybe I should wear them down more I
feel like they're gonna get in the way
I'm like you know differently to my hc5
say yeah I'll choose my moments better
yeah and then if I uh I tie them up to
be this way
yeah way that up
this is waiting that's just way need up
and then yeah that's not too messy
that's pretty good
good job Silvia thank you so it's been a
very non eventful day I thought I'd give
you guys a little insight into my ritual
kind of bye and your ritual of getting
my hair
sorted I'm sure you've seen my other
videos well it's been a pretty non
eventful day but I thought I'd include
you guys on my kind of dread repair
ritual that happens a couple of times a
year I'm sure you've seen the other
videos but yeah this is a part of kind
of maintaining this hairstyle which I'm
not planning to get rid of it anytime
soon I still very much enjoying and feel
connected to my dreadlocks
but yeah tomorrow I'm heading to London
for some adventures so I will catch you
in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
