hi my name is endre and we're at pulpit
rock Norway and you're watching unfree
Louie
good afternoon guys is the Thursday
maybe playlist I don't know I'm going in
for a panel now and then we've got three
our meetup which be pretty cool so we
could mid you guys I am obviously to go
get a coffee
okay I've just found Charles we're about
to head into a blogging channel where we
are I leave River there I don't know who
I'll be joining us Ellie here okay and I
know a few cycle a lot of walkers
vehicle that do things like this
is it an alligator
Wow
Willie by which so will he bite really
really good really big man I love it and
I'm really boy Willie bike and how old
is it
you don't like Fremont all amazing Yeah
right I really give you a little net I
will give you them fight like wrong
there but back before the names of that
are you going right where you going and
how big will the congressional 1200
leave you later you'll be kind of man
yeah try we're heading in all right so
what guys the only thing wrong this one
so I'll grab a whole depend on something
who
they love happening to us all tidy
everything and it's all about my son's
run the world having adventures and then
a plea bargain adventure and gal there
and face affairs in trouble
Lord we must allow it's fun I have
learned 20 minutes late on me up though
I think subscribe by this profile on
media pro mark Monaco and Alex in Rio is
it just possible nice we're running a
tiny bit late for me up there you know
fashionably late
magical yeah we just wandered into the
cannon lounge and we are printing off
like photos not firing on these tiny
little printers how cool is this right
so I've just selected a photo of my
photo gallery select the printer over
Wi-Fi and then be I think this is easy
as that whoa how cool is that right yeah
guys get ready for this we took this
selfie as we came in this is Michael
he's a professional latte artist and
he's just going to make it a little
cheeky coffee and then going to draw our
faces in the coffee this camera is
capturing a bit of a close-up and macro
shot of it all
there you go guys
I think this is the coolest latte out
coffee I've ever had right we managed to
grab some dinner
your uber ease delivered the room we're
now heading to a little party and then
on to Universal Studios that it's being
booked out jumpers are just with YouTube
if you guys feel like and then if you
remember two years ago we did a save
then Ryan did it last year
I'm going to be yes
we have a ride universe DDOE fun this is
new fun guys this is our crew this is
our crew for the night
what is this scooby-dooby-doo if you
like being a kid guys you don't give a
 again yeah yo
the only way I can describe this joint
it's just overwhelming excitement and I
don't even know why I'm so excited I
just feel like overwhelmingly how
excited you guys know how it go exists
okay it's so so good well that's simple
freaked me out a bit this is the plan
now we're going to head to the
Transformers right I think unfortunately
some of these rides are not going to pay
much cameras on with it
I don't have a little pocket camera but
my big bulky cameras with me
that
to be also
yeah
yeah you're you see New York in a way
they never like you feel like falling
off skyscraper and all this it feels
real if you don't never ever in real
life yeah celestial is this a good so I
just like a replica of Kings Cross
station and it it feels weirdly like
we're in London right now by changing
this feel weird and this feel like
you're in London these weird innit and
you are real okay this is Harry Potter
world
the guys in like one minute this dragons
going to breathe uh fireball we did it
two years ago and we're going to pose
for a photo and get like an epic photo
of us like we're running away from the
dragon
I have my wand yeah you do the camera
look EVP magic
right back at the hotel that was an epic
evening hey there wasn't after pie and
as much as I get serious FOMO
I am completely destroyed of so tired I
think being in the theme park probably
is tiring as well they get jet lag on
top of having a very energetic evening
as here wipes me out I'm ready for bed
all right we're going to get some sleep
we actually don't know what's happening
tomorrow is the end of playlist now
everyone's leaving tomorrow but I'm
still waiting to hear back about a trip
I might be doing this week and it kind
of decides whether I'm going to fly back
to the UK for a couple of days or just
go to LA and I don't know I won't here
till tomorrow so everything's up in the
air but I kind of like that I kind of
like not having everything planned out
so who knows I might even stay in in
Florida for another day I'll let you
know tomorrow anyway
touching varnish is now enjoy life the
adventure
