good afternoon guys another incredible
day in Cape Town and look who's joined
us hey let's go on I my who's that freak
yeah yeah landed this morning he joining
us we're going together to Africa burn
and we have just right the Africa Bernie
Africa dynamic apart and we just arrived
at the car rental place to get our car
and then we need to drive around today
and just get things sorted by some more
and supply usable at night this is
perfect
this is going to be our little bedrooms
are these good let these peeps down
this would be yeah I think these go down
by the way don't they and then these
going to be it's going to be tight I
didn't really get dipped there we're
gonna have to Pat that out we'll figure
it out or figure it out and even if we
need to kind of that get my legs out if
we cozy it's going to be cozy so before
we head to lunch and then start again
our supplies ready we've come to this
area called Folk Art which we did
complete last on and keep sound briefly
but it displaces all these amazing
colorful buildings so picturesque we're
going to do a little photo shoot and
film some clips for a video that
varieties making
so nice you hear the call to prayer the
Rio is just telling me that this was
originally like a Muslim area because a
lot of the slaves that I brought into
Cape Town originally from different
parts of Asia were from kind of Muslim
descent Matt was just saying that when
he came indicates an today he flew in it
just hits you again how incredible Table
Mountain is as a backdrop of everything
let's look at that wherever you are in
cakes that I need to spear why are they
all brightly colored so this is like a
mainly Muslim area speaks of the
nineteen fifties and I read that in
celebration of Eid they painted houses
like this and then they just kept it
going
so again I think this is my favorite guy
with green half of the turquoise window
frames and that nice little kind of
balcony
Bionic you think more Street should
paint houses like that like multicolored
it really doesn't look so beautiful
right it's the spot lunch is done you're
ever in Observatory in Cape Town you
need to check out mango and ginger place
which is a really good and now I'll come
down to this like car auto accessories
store
hello I'm going to get an inverter so I
can charge things well so driving guys I
got so many cool things in there camping
so this is a tent for riot at the shower
in I mean we we can all shower a net but
this is mainly Cariah she's worried
about not being able to shower look camp
shower this is incredible
what is this even doing in a car shop
the thing I came in for though is this
this means we have power 800 watt
inverter be one of the other essentials
for the Africa burning spikes for
getting around so Laura's kindly
learning a spike if we get a man
okay next thing on the agenda today is
heading up Table Mountain
I've been up a few times but again Ryan
ever wanted to get some cool shots films
a bit for one of our video so we are
about to on the cable car and it's not
looking particularly clear but I got
I've got a feeling that that means the
sunset could be pretty epic with a lot
of clouds and haze so we're going to do
Table Mountain and then hopefully come
down and then walk right up this little
spot down here where we can watch the
sunset take the small rotation here and
I'm sure this is rotating faster the
last I'm done I think it's been already
busy oh it's already made someone feel a
little bit
firstly coffee time I haven't had my
daily fix of coffee today
pretty impressive to me it's already
like five five the occupation bit of
advice to become the table mount in it
leave plenty of time to explore and hang
out and relax up here which we didn't do
today we just literally ran up here for
some photos and just a pretty night I
can set the kind of haze it give this
sono dreamy kind of look different to
other times I've been on this yes I do
feel like the sun's going to pop and
it's going to be can be pretty epic so
nice up here is Matt oh yeah I wish she
came like ours no we have to come but
I've so does last times I want to come
back with a book and just sit here and
read McCullough picnic a cloud thick
Sinai dollar all
you
all right I've met back up with Bryn hey
do embrace originally told him five I'd
like yeah we'll meet if I even get there
sunset then it's by say now likely half
an hour late six Sun looks amazing
we probably won't make it to the top of
the trail before it sets for the light
is gorgeous
well we didn't quite make it to the top
but it's still an incredible view and
the sky lit up pink for us there's been
getting some cool photos
the library hi all right food shopping
time okay we're just a write-back the
waterfront I'm gonna go and try and find
a few the last things we need
we're almost there with our shopping
list we just need food water and maybe
chameleon waiting yeah like a million
other things we've been talking about
doing this but we're thinking about
getting walkie talkie so we're going to
giving them a little test three boys
torches like this as well well that's a
nice little dude he's a nice little guy
and he's all the way over there
be fair saying it can it's got a range
of up to 10 kilometers I can hear you
loud and clear over what is that
okay shopping done heading back time now
and we do need to be future these deals
those shopping activism them everything
else is done just need water and snacks
and meals now alright the last phase of
all plan
pick and pay we need bananas green
bananas
although yet on what is what I'm talking
about that's all my them and see this is
a bad move through and then heavy water
what were you thinking Riya we have
sixty billion liters of water no one
more guys question do we go tins asleep
or powdered soup which one's better
obviously neither of them abacus is one
clearly better than the other
the problem is that was going to be like
insanely hot were in the desert we can't
really bring my vegetables and things
basically has me really bad that's what
I think and asleep that was the object
even though then we've got metals to get
rid of okay we have one box we have a
second snack box filling Oreos dried
mango crisps this is a can box doubled
up but all our water this is actually
good road trip advice if you're stocking
up with lots of food is pack them into
boxes cuz imagine if we were packing bag
bags in here like carrier bags now that
would not be a good move we have plenty
of space for our bags now flimsy I have
quite big task ahead of me tonight guys
I've got four vlogs there including this
one and then schedule them throughout
the week because we're going to Africa
burn and there's no internet we are
going off the grid which is going to be
fun we've got so many things we have
hula skirts we have inverters and we
have we have way too many things like
probably double the amount of things
that can fit in the car but we're going
to squeeze them in social business
keeping the car as loud oh yeah in there
anyway I'm going to I'm going to sign
out as log here because then I can
concentrate editing but it's going to be
super super exciting week and I can't
wait to bring you guys and if yeah it's
going to be mind-blowing Lee awesome
but I'm going to probably sleep the
first day catching the morning peace out
enjoy life little adventure there
