you're watching bumper Louie she's out
surely adventure boom good afternoon
boys we are at plays lies it's the third
day nothing's really kicked off it and
start tonight we are very chill morning
and fight sorry this basic argot we're
getting we're going to get mark and Alex
and then heading some lunch and then
yeah things are scouring later tonight
yeah yeah becoming even hey there chill
how are you yeah are we gonna go
yesterday oh man how are you guys good
for lunch
hello I like stuff to go back he didn't
realize they needed to go to something
but we have another Alex and Gary we're
gonna you're going to eat so have you
guys at luck I've not eaten all day
thank you you have any choices or how do
you feel about the portal de la playa
Posterous how do they did oh well your
lunch was incredible we're now coming to
Walmart to get some snacks to the next
few days because we're going to be held
up in our hotel room some nights and
work and it's tough
alex has uh got a little electric boogie
I wear the bananas bananas in pyjamas in
Mohammed loving flavors really guys I
found out that apricot dried apricot are
the highest calorie vegan food I can eat
don't get some of these you look thin
that to Linda good you can pluck
we were just joking about how you can
get lost in war life so big and that's
exactly what happened to Raya I'm sure
she's got a lot we've been waiting for
like 15 minutes and the front for her
biting him literally don't know where
she got last time I heard she's looking
to go and get almond milk and open and
then where she's got this guy's take
these pieces out precooked ready to roll
$5 each good little next collection we
found Raya we found it where way I know
all I heard was I'm going to go find
almond milk and oatmeal and then I turn
around you a gun we're back in the hotel
we're going to head out to a little Wine
Mixer party thing that's happening but
we're just stocking up our snacks got
this massive smoothie check out these
little cold Brews now they are Starbucks
so I'm not sure whether they're going to
be any good or not but we'll give them a
guy this secure ego just showing me this
space pad just almost like you to get
into the creative building so good we
does it that is I do the initiative
they're like we're just here picking up
our wristbands for the VIP party tonight
okay we bumped into J Niki and Sammy
we're going to go find some other people
in the greenroom I think there's like a
big event going on on the stage right
now
that's been investigate we are going for
a little explore to see we can find out
where the stages and see what's going on
this is doing art this is just a chilled
back back back those area got down cell
chilling here they're hosting the event
tonight so I've kind of been off the
radar for a while I've I'm back with
movies like I don't know mobile I walk
it's something I'm watching on at the
moment
I just cool do it for real I was about
follow your dream
ha
how does our Thunderman soy by the way
if you don't know Dodie is going to be
joining us for a small section of the
world flight that we're doing in Olga
he's really excited about we don't know
what countries because she's going to
join us school yet but I'm hoping she
might want to write a little tune or see
why she put up cannery lot of amazing
content and topics to write about them
sorry Dominus the girls have stolen this
little car and it's like raid because
everybody's cocktail before we head to
the party in true playlistlive tradition
we're going to hit up the hot tub for a
little bit this hot tub in a cave you
probably remember if you've seen any of
my previous playlist vlogs that this is
like one of the most epic hot tub yes
fryer
IRA's other hot tubs ourselves
go to that League Warfel we've done with
the hot tub I feel very relaxed now I'm
in charge
jumping in one of these golf cart oh no
wait come back okay we need to raise the
next one here we go here we go and
heading to the party
for the point is man is colder for sure
this is not the pie oh there we go this
is the party
oh just a younger younger
well going first 3 by 1 a.m. pre jet
over an hour but it was very fun party
my pointed sir awaiting transport the
people's music was very loud which is
awesome for dancing d but not into
Chinese and hearing tomorrow we have
paid fun-packed day as panels and making
me in grease and stuff and it's just
going to be to hanging out with our
friends and yeah always love play this
life it's been a good first evening but
yeah it's going to be a matter we get on
Captain morning t-cell into a life
little adventure
