good morning guys
we have got a really fun day planned
today we're heading over to an animal
sanctuary that we went to a couple of
years back and I know whether you
remember Douglas the honey badger that
we went to visit I'm hoping he's still
there if not there's been reload to call
animals and birds and stuff but before
we do we're grabbing some breakfast so
we've arrived at the world of bird and I
just seen this sign how cool it is said
40 years ago world of birds have started
with no resources and vacant least
farmland to follow a childhood dream and
vision goodness alright first stop is
the the monkey jungle they call it and
that closes earlier than the rest of the
place so we're going to go see the
monkeys and that's one quick tidbit mama
deter this little one Oh Mike this is it
this must be a this must be the baby is
a crazy dream we're trying to figure out
which one's the baby and we did
oh my god oh they all want to be in
timeout meaning big thick out of the
whole cage they've all just gathered at
the front look at our camera to one of
the really cool things here is that they
have breeding programs for endangered
species which is really cool because
often their natural habitats are kind of
at risk and it's good to have places
that are built specifically to protect
animals and also educate people and
allow people to guess get passionate
about wanting to save wildlife in this
planet mobile
passengers are a little monkey you're
looking in my pocket or you might forget
me this is amazing bigness they love
your camera this is amazing Oh buddy
ready
this is a monkey me lady
buddy oh yeah
okay here so many monkey pick it up
okay how many monkeys you have a name
yeah this is incredible
Hey
are you doing we're going break bye for
those little monkeys with squirrel
monkey I think they're my new favorite
monkey to be honest they're so cute oh
my gosh doing your mail it was coming to
me this is the best thing I've ever done
if I'm a cat oh those are the
friendliest mission ever oh my gosh Oh
shucks hook the duck honey badger this
is where Douglas lives
hey Douglas Riggle hey oh I've missed
him
I don't know hey for those of you that
didn't see my blog a few years ago this
is a honey badger
they are pretty ferocious animals for
their size they're they've been labeled
the bravest animal in the animal kingdom
because these guys will stand up to
lions in the wild they are fearless this
particular honey badgers called Douglas
and Hughes hand raised
so wouldn't provide in the wild
unfortunately so I've just been told
Douglas has got a little bit rough when
he's playing over the last couple years
ago when last time I could I play with
him through the cage apparently he's got
a little bit by sea now
and the guy just told me I'd probably a
nothing Hospital if I try to play with
him like that again whoa what is that
with you bro don't stab me with your P
can you talk hello you fella hello hello
hello
well hello how about you can you talk
huh Hey
right we just walked into this area week
there's a paradise look at me it's so
pretty I'm literally getting children
now look how many colors there isn't it
good look at this white squirrel it
looks I'll be you know oh yeah let your
eyes are red hey buddy you isn't
supposed to be in here so I think I read
somewhere that they have over 300
different species about this this is
pretty insane
there's so many beautiful birds in there
I'm just wanna the colors it's so rich
so we're about to head off now but we
managed to have a quick chat to Walter
who owns this place and he was telling
us a little bit about what they do to
care for birds here and it's quite
interesting he was saying three quarters
of the birds that come in are rescued
and they can't be rehabilitated to go
back in the world even the chicks that
are born here if their hand raised they
won't survive in the wild he was saying
they have a no-kill policy so if an
injured bird comes in he said other
organizations like the the RSPCA and
kind of wildlife trust they feel like
the best thing to do is kill the animals
but here they have a no-kill policy so
even if it costs them to look after an
injured bird they will and then he was
saying in order to fund this people
won't pay to come in to look at injured
birds and that's why the most popular
parts of the park are the monkey
enclosure and stuff like that so he said
it's actually really difficult and
they're always struggling to run this
place they don't get any funding from
anywhere else so they rely on kind of
tourists coming through and checking out
the the park and the enclosures and
stuff he said over the years they've
cared for 40,000 birds that have come in
which I think it's pretty amazing so I
think it's a cool place I think it's
really good what they're doing here and
yeah it's not always easy kind of
keeping animals in captivity and the
ethics of it but I truly believe that
it's better to keep them in captivity
than just to kill them hello
okay we've just been dropped off by the
uber and we're walking up the vigil
account point on chapman's peak and we
hopefully are going to get an incredible
sunset this is Dustoff you can check it
out
Thanks wind might learn to drown out
this guy what do you mean well it is
aircraft disconnected and it hasn't
reconnect with that
where was that last time like really oh
so I can text the wind see strong
oh my god very strong I know I'm trying
the wind was too strong to the drying
it's got 1% battery left and he's about
to crash gives up there somewhere
I'm so close I can see it I can see it
landed oh he looks like six days
well I'm aware up there together
I have to climb up here to try and find
the dried that the guy said have to do
this at my own risk hoping out the
broken that was crazy guy somewhere in
here the drawing is crash-landed gone up
lost the dried so I'm trying to track it
with the last known GPS coordinates
should be ready somewhere I found it
yes buddy totally intact all the
propeller still fine and it on the hitch
here found my drone I found it it's time
to relax get something shot oh I was
crazy first time that's happened to me
guys run out of battery and crash-landed
don't you just love the wind the wind in
your hair doesn't limit you feel free
not just my friend
actually right now that you're something
it's like kind of bummed out but
normally in my hair is like guys look at
this cute little alcove in here how cute
is that perfect little sunset spot down
there is no me and Riya a hitchhiking
with them some random travelers
for getting in this tiny car mostly
where shall I go well guys it's been
another great day it was so good to go
back to the world of birds and I was a
little bit sad I can play with Douglas
again but check this vlog I'll link it
below from when we went like three years
ago and I got to play with Douglas the
honey badger tomorrow we are meeting up
with Jeremy Luke's and Matilda and we
are going to be prepping and getting
ready for an amazing trip basically
we're going to I don't know if I've
mentioned it yet but Africa burn it's
the Burning Man festival they hold in
Cape Town or outside of Cape Town like
I'm a little bit apprehensive I don't
really know what to expect I've heard
amazing things it's going to be crazy
but we just need to make sure we're
properly prepared for it and yeah that's
what we're going to be doing tomorrow
getting ready and figuring some things
out but it's going to be it's gonna be a
lot of fun
and I cannot wait and I'm going to be
vlogging it all don't worry right kept
in the morning peace out enjoy life live
the adventure boom
