so guys we've landed in Dubai not
connecting flight to London I had a
little nap on the flight yes they have
London's bar exam is done but in the
meantime we need to make it for a lounge
and she'll we just managed to change
your ticket because we weren't you just
being next to each other on the next
flight and we managed to change to exit
road and Cygnus which other food to quit
well the lounge absolutely packed so
instead we found this little math bars
place and a little bite to eat we're
going to get half now our back and
shoulder massage pretty with what I need
right now after sitting on an economy
for like 7 hours with no leg room
always hurts on that a lot unfortunately
we had to cut our method 5 minutes short
because it last call for our flight zone
at the RUS we've got much better things
like
we have just landed in the UK we were
only here for like just like 24 hours
probably and the main mission today is
and the reason that we diverted to the
UK is so I can meet my little niece Indy
my sister Hilary had her like I don't
know three weeks maybe month ago and I
was just flying out the country so just
missed meeting her but yeah we're
heading up to London today to me going
to be really nice before we head off I
think could collect some luggage I had
to check in Cape Town because I have my
penny board with me I couldn't carry it
on so somewhere around here I've got a
penny bush I don't think it's going to
be on luggage belt Lee got my board
grabbing an uber the first place we need
to stop my parents out because I need to
drop off a lot of excess luggage I've
been carrying around with me I think as
we travel even though I travel all the
time you're going to learn what you
shouldn't be lugging around as if you
think I need to drop off and yeah you
know have a little pit stop shower clean
up get ready and then head into London
would be a good day
right we are now borrowing my parents
car trying to get up in London in time
to meet my sister basically today they
are registering officially legally
registering their baby that someone is
baby registration we're going to join up
okay we made it in time we're just
walking there now is freezing in England
I pretty much say this every time we
land after being in warmer places but
are you cold Rio no me no define the
center now boom we're here
nobody just focus and CP faces you mad
funky clothes like no nigga know if you
look at me let me get out of the way hey
you know you're related to me my gosh
your hands are so big
so what is this registering her legally
as if as a person anyway so the moment
she doesn't exist legally Wow indeed the
real person now guys that was an amazing
moment quite like significant moment in
my life actually like meeting my niece
the first time I'm going to look back
with her years from now and be like I've
got a clip recorded of the moment we met
it's matter thing like I'm going to be
involved their life all the way through
like kids teenager into a 20-30 like and
this is a very beginning so yeah really
really cool Oh kind of feels unlike
anything else must be even more extreme
when you of when you're actually a pair
and but one of the closest things is
your siblings and then I guess yes like
me meets the nephews and
oh wow so worth coming back by the UK
distance to meet her and my sister
Hillary was saying like it's actually
probably good thing that it wasn't like
the first couple of days just after
she's born much nicer now that you know
think that settle down a little bit and
yeah we're going to spend a few hours
together now we're going to head out for
some food and brixton get lunch guys you
know about Brixton village where should
we eat Mexican I think we could be
Mexican right so we're just giving some
of the gifts that we bought in South
Africa
okay these little too
and the Dryad idea to get a
mother-daughter matching so we know
though I'm hoping at the right side
check it when you start with no giving
it and that's like different colors of
the thing pattern I love it auntie Raya
look at these tiny tiny fingers the
crazy thing is having that even bigger
than Jessie thing yeah hi guys oh oh so
nice
how cute is indi I know it's on the
schedule today is I'm gonna go and see
Darcy we're going to go up to dinner
Darcy and then we need to head down to
Brighton to get my dredge sorted because
you probably have noticed the last month
or so they're super fluffy and untamed
and needed attention so and maybe during
that time Ryan is gonna rent rest up and
chill because them been a long day of
travel isn't it yeah okay guys it's been
a fun evening it's been a few hours we
cooled in in Cabo and where my parents
live and dinner with Darth my sister
I've now driven all the way down to
Brighton drops Raya off to get some
sleep at a hotel and I not going to get
my dreads done like I'm saying earlier
Sylvia I just put the coffee on it's
gone it's gone midnight like half 12 and
we've got a lot of work to do and when I
say we she she has she's going to be
going out the mess that I've created it
and yeah it's gonna be a long night but
thank you so much last minute I
literally spoke to her yesterday
England like yeah 24 hours ago
perfect timing perfect timing I mean I'm
flying out tomorrow so yeah to Florida
yes God look at the size of this copy we
are two hours in just over halfway and
we're looking for another little coffee
break this is Brett the Bruce one life
oh you know it has to be done we've
backwards done now and then we're also
going to trim about this much of the
dredge well because they're getting
pretty long guys the dredge they've all
been tidied and now if you watch a few
months ago you remember been struggling
to like get all the loose hair here into
the dredge so we're going to trim it
down and then we're going to see how
much finish em off
that is cutting fear this is it always
making feel strange when we're talking
it register looks like here yeah yeah
yeah we don't have a Clifford and it
like really mean they're looking similar
oh yeah well go time with this if you
like try them hold 34 13 elements
justice for art I was foolish to lace I
am the linkage there are don't the
header oh all right I might sign up i
vlog here guys because I'm just going to
Widow today to--and just crash out but
it's been an amazing day it was all
still to meet my little niece indie and
hang out on my sister Hilary and her
husband Adam and yeah it's just being
there
yes been a very short trip to the UK I
don't often stop like one day
glittery is like an extended layover but
yeah tomorrow we are heading off at
lunchtime or kind of early afternoon to
Florida for playlist live and I've got a
few things to sort out the morning Thank
You Sylvia what you can say my fight
over these fairy like Suzanne telling
camera there's been lovely to see you
yeah going to pleasure right up in the
morning guy peace out
enjoying life and live the adventure
