maybe
good morning guys in the last few hours
of the Africa burn it's about 7:30 in
the morning last night we slept out
under the stars to watch this massive
structure burning I found out this
morning that this big if you know check
look yesterday's long view on a sea wall
burns but this big structure was like
multiple millions of dollars to build
and the other day we were like we walked
all the way up it's like four stories
high yeah it just it came down in an
epic epic fireball this morning it looks
so good and then we get to watch the Sun
Rise as well and yeah I'm going to
stroll around for a being take it all in
before we head off at lunchtime we're
heading back to Cape Town the yeah is
being just such such epic few days my
senses are overloaded with incredible
visuals and just you know we're in the
middle of the African desert right now
this is boiler
the optimal it's incredibly hard
jumps on a magic carpet I don't know
where we go in yet this is available
no quiet feels like it feels like we're
floating left the magic carpet
I'm quite fast and where I started
another star over there memorize it but
and it does work out well because I'm
going to try and find some coffee I
think it's gonna be totally random I
made it
you
kind of ironic that a vegetable like
this where they're just loud music and
kale all day and all night
it's the time where I've actually got
the most sleep because I haven't been
editing my vlogs I've been I've got a
lot of editing to catch up with but I've
been blogging but not get my laptop out
it's meant not being able to get like
solid sleep every night
probably like averaging it like eight
hours nine which is incredible for me so
I feel very rested even though most
people come away from the burn I imagine
feeling exhausted cry I might join dryer
backs get a little bit more sleep
because it's probably not even a am here
and I'm quite coming
so it's let's for a few more hours I'm
feeling great I'm feeling pretty dusty
though check this out this is super
dusty over here we may need to clean all
of our things and we get home when we go
back to our camp and we literally missed
everyone who's just after left
okay so we've left riah sorting out some
of the bits back at camp and we're
groovin down to this tire repair place
which is like this volunteer tire repair
place where we left the tire last night
with a little note on it we did get told
we were you know that they could fix it
on an Oreo yeah we left the packet of
Oreos and we're just really hoping that
it's been fixed
five minutes Gus yeah
guys absolute legends they've already
packed down their camp but I still
managed to fix it I don't know can I
leave it yeah we asked we asked if they
got it all and they're like you'd have
to pack of biscuits and we ate and so we
kind of happen so good so good and then
I've got the this little socket spanner
as well so for the seat backing because
we needed to take this out so you can
sleep flat a big part of the ethos here
at the Africa burn and Burning Man is to
leave nothing behind that isn't natural
it isn't meant to be there so we have to
take all of our rubbish with us if all
festivals like this it'd be so nice some
festivals sleeve and it's just like a
bombers hit and it's just like
destruction and litter everywhere and
it's like Horrible's up this place look
how clean it is it's kind of impressive
literally perfect pet I don't know how
could we brought so much more stuff
tight all right we're just song past to
say goodbye to Jeremy and Matilda silly
guy's yeah okay we just pulled over this
camper van has got a really bad blowout
and Max has been an absolute here.i
climbing underneath just trying to
figure something out
look at this is what you don't want to
happen oh my girl
Jack under the axles tricky to get to
forget their brake watch out for this
shop shop oh my gosh that is a destroyed
tire it is high enough
look guys okay
don't forget max you hear right zero we
know the pain now we have to be a I know
we we had people help us in the way so
it's all about paying it forward
guys we have just hit tarmac tried after
two hours maybe more maybe three hours
horrible horrible bumpy road thankfully
guys we found a petrol station and just
in the nick of time I think we're well
into the red column for lighting up most
in an about a 15 20 minutes
all right back in Cape Town
just dropped max off bro it's amazing
few days yeah I catch it tomorrow
alright so we are staying at Blackheath
at lodge today
oh wow got our own balcony wow this is a
welcome treat after five days roughing
it had amazing time away but this looks
like a really really cool spot thank you
so much well it feels amazing to be back
in civilization to have cleaned properly
up even a little shave and we've gorged
out on it
takeout food and we're just chillin and
ya watchin TV episodes and just yeah
just excitement izing back to back to
the day-to-day life and yeah it's been
it's been a really really awesome week
so I'm kind of still processing a lot of
what we experienced but yeah love it so
much
I hope you enjoyed the vlogs if you ever
happen to be in Cape Town or South
Africa area at this time of year if it
coincides with the burn and the Africa
burn then you should definitely check it
out and yeah I mean you saw it it's nuts
all right we've got one last full day in
Cape Town tomorrow and we have got some
big plans are going to be heading all
over the place and we've got very busy
day so I'll catch in the morning peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
