hi my name is Regina from Taiwan and I'm
currently in Iceland and you're watching
fun for Louis good afternoon guys we've
come down to Nordic in Cape Town to some
horse riding and then how do you
remember like two years ago and me and
Nell am today wars right along the beach
so we've come back to a similar area
we're going out for ride another
scorching hot day we're just putting our
stuff on now choosing our helmets and
I'm going to try out the GoPro Karma
group today which is stabilized and I've
got a chest mount looking I can put it
here and ride all this hot water is the
board oh stabilizer please anybody
hey what's the name of my hooks venom
venom hey Benham let engagement going
off-piste the last ever this is thinner
we shy - like a month
jump up here yeah no like this how you
feelin Raya it's nice to be back in a
horse I always try and grab
opportunities to go a little horse rides
I think last time I was here I was
talking about being tempted to buy a
horse at some point but I think I cannot
do that till we have our own land which
that's no idea when that's going to be
and also people there kind of look after
it when I'm traveling thing I know one
of these little ranches around here
Jeremy who we were hanging with
yesterday he's got a horse called Troy
then exactly where he is we were going
to try and time it so we could go for a
horse ride together us and him and Troy
but didn't work out
how you doing are you have a noisy hose
I think my horse has been pretty good
oh look at that I love this kind of like
haze across the bay
I wonder if our horses like the water
last time some of the horses wanted to
run a net and some didn't I think white
horse like the war is going towards the
water
yet problem
you got that empty
yeah
I feel like this is the best time of day
to do this Golden Hour the heat of the
day is kind of cooled down a bit so so
9:00 look at this view behind me so
heightened by enjoying getting your
boots wet I just have to lengthen my
spirits because I like to all Bend and
like up here I feel like this is a
better position now whenever I do horse
riding vlogs people tell me I need to
put my key my heel and I point it
forward I think help all the horse is my
horse like the water the best the themes
will just be staying in there in the
shallow
all right we've got fooled way to the
other end of the beach your ward is
super chilled is he not taking one step
in yet senem has to be near the front
he's not satisfied chillin at the back
sanim chill the other hand riot horse
just wants to stay way back until waking
all the other horses my horse's legs are
so long in the shadow my horse took a
little detour to eat some grass which
meant is easy for me to take any video
shots that now you have to catch up with
everyone thing like I said it doesn't
like being at the back
and then did you enjoy the grass you did
that value can you work in our today hi
writing back very peaceful I think the
last one I went on we were chatting a
lot more to the guys that this is like I
don't I quite liked it a lot of kind of
chilling out like almost like a lot kind
of meditating and meditated sports
riding still at phanom thanks hahaha
oh yeah get it ryuk huh do you found a
Jack Russell did you see her the Jack
Russells on the beach okay
she liked dogs better than horses and
dogs better than human
me
and
ah
and
so we have caught an evil back into town
and we're about to grab some dinner with
Jeremy and Matilda it's been a very fun
afternoon
skips on the horse's neck we have
finished our dinner Jeremy and Matilda
in the car and they're heading off now
we've just been dropped at this shop get
food for the live stream I want to do
tonight I want to do another like life
challenges video might get some crazy
boost immunity and then you define
Churchillian MCA what's really the thing
and then we're going to yeah me up get
tomorrow morning I think we're going to
go out sailing sailing trips and once
friendo divider we're definite that's
vegan
crushed garlic chilli and yeah maybe
great straight ginger all of those
things that intent well with
after-dinner it's been a really fun day
it was so good to get out on the horses
riding up and down the beach like I said
if you ever come to Cape Town you have
to do that it's like one of the top
things on the bucket list for me that
and maybe paragliding off Signal Hill
but yeah it's been so fun and yeah I'm
gonna chill out a bit now and get some
rest
catching the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom
