hi my name is Raymond Mufasa my name is
matthew Taska and where the original
attendees of the LTA summit we're here
on the beautiful French Alps just north
of Cannon nice on the Riviera and today
you're watching fun for Louie
so go live the adventure baby boom good
afternoon guys today is the warmest day
we've had in Cape Town since being here
so I'm putting shorts on and we just
arrived at the park life festival things
like a food and music festival Jeremy
loops is playing I think about half of
school so we're just going to hang out
chill and do the weather right we found
a little spot to sit down Jeremy loses
the Ducks come on the main stage perfect
timing ready
you
for me
we managed to take back day the little
bit more space back end
you
Oh
Jeremy suck legend oh I'm liking this
new cheese I haven't had it stand for
like maybe yeah
he
of your face man should be in this place
man Vampiro please people how is your
set bro yeah I'm with Kevin you lives
warm you like warm either it's a
high-energy Stethem on days like today
where it's like over 30 degrees it's
just like a struggle I need to get a
more summery rock up on there's a
company I like some of the new tunes I
haven't heard all about so like thing to
me three new songs they always done what
I couldn't believe like oh it's like an
insane people singers here right we're
leaving
still every Jeremy Matilda we're going
to get dinner with him tomorrow
our feed and stay for chilled afternoon
I love these kind of events
just hanging out
and it's not too cold got a little bit
chilly overnight I'm quite excited about
night guys because we have go to cinema
to see Beauty to be highly recommended
by riot this is her third time doing it
so is it good yeah we brought in like
everyone I think well very pretty much
half the leaders in the I'm actually
really close I love Disney movies and
I'm I I'm expecting some good things I
have seconds rioting movie over it was
pretty good guys I've got to admit I'm
not usually a fan of music from Sun it
was it was good I really needs it
how is it your third time watching it
yeah did you guys like it yeah Larry
French is very cutesy
I wondered how they were going to do the
romance but it was believable you know I
was thinking how are they going to make
it believable it wasn't bestiality so
I've been working since we got back from
the cinema is now 6 a.m. I've been up
all night editing vlogs change JP
because he's in New Zealand Slayer of
leaders at timezone difference
and yeah just excitedly watching the
Kickstarter climbing we hit 80 thousand
powers tonight which is a good milestone
and we're still a long way off by the
time I upload this vlog I don't know how
much we would have hit by him I'm hoping
in the next few days we reach the target
I yeah I just really hope we get to make
this movie I'm thinking today actually
getting to see Jeremy play and just
being it being in a music festival got
me sort of thinking a lot about the
sound
to the movie and how cool it would be to
invite musicians on set legs of the
flights to different locations and
include the tracks that they kind of
write and compose whilst we're on the
trip in the soundtrack so I'd like to be
a Kawai to collaborate with people so if
there's any musicians that you think
would be epic to have along some of the
journeys or if you're a musician
yourself comment below and yeah that'd
be pretty epic we have already got one
musician that's hopefully going to join
us which is Dodie and she is a youtuber
from the UK incredible singer but yeah
hopefully she'll join us and maybe
she'll be up for being a part of the
soundtrack so yeah help me out let me
know what you think I'm excited about it
I really am
alright catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life live adventure whoo
