good morning guys it's our first day at
Africa burn and Max has already got it
off to a good start getting everyone out
on the street dancing and we are about
to get some brunch this is a camp that
we're taking along with the next few
days
this is nathalie she's going to do some
baby
I now need dazzles on my sunglasses
apparently a little bit of results here
okay one of the principals at the Africa
burn and at Burning Man in the u.s. is
that you don't bring money so you don't
buy things here but people just give
each other stuff kind of you you need to
be coming with something to give so for
instance Rio made up some peanut butter
and jelly sandwiches and gave those out
the day and yeah and then we've just
been given a vegan sausage which tonight
well I've just had my first outdoor
toilet experience this is a long drop
toilet with not a lot of privacy
something I've noticed already just
being here for the morning is that I
don't think I'm going to need my phone
at all this entire time because there's
no phone service no internet and I don't
really need to know what time of day it
is either kind of freeing not having my
phone on me feels weird
right we're about to leave the camp for
the first time we're on our bikes me Max
and Riya Rhys decorated her handlebars
with little flowers
you
Africa but I could
ah
that's what we heard last night and I
may be hidden
was it doc
oh my god like about to fly
yes max max is the life of the by is
having a little talking about a
different computer I can never said I
don't know how to copy edit ruling if
you like I will be driver here we have
got a wooden rhino oh yeah and they were
about to go and explore this crazy
wooden structure so cool
we can get a good beating up here
right back on the bike I don't think
that's always thought to do like a
cycling walking onto the pipe of our
time I just like getting a lip off them
yeah
this is an adventure vehicle
look at this univille guys this is the
dream one day no no no man it got a bit
alike like audible vigil
that's all sentences up it isn't open
those wind up now yeah okay
this is the shape that we're down here
somewhere in the bottom section and now
we've cycled all the way up and rounds
and we're four at the top now what is
there that's some futuristic transform
us kind of guy
amazing-looking a convict ice one like a
spaceship literally like right let's
just send up a base camp
it looks pretty incredible
got a hot tub
what fresh oranges yeah you made our way
back to the camp managed to get food to
speed it up can of beans and and they
helped me to try and make a smoothie the
main camp next door has a nutribullet I
released and honors have a cara de and
my big beaker raisins
the leading up to Africa burn I've been
not getting much sleep doing the
Kickstarter campaign and just getting
caught up with blogs stuffs I've been
sleeping like really like I can I five
hours a night maybe less last night got
12 hours solid sleep it's amazing the
only problem is and I didn't seem to
mind last night but the seats and the DS
in the back don't allow enough room for
me to lay flat so I was kind of hunched
up a little bit both yeah I was anyway
so I've been trying to find like the
spanner or if you're American a wrench
but like a socket one to try and take
the seats out so I've got this I've got
this guy this is Max's but we're trying
to find another one so I might need to
pop around to some of the little
mechanics and there's like areas where
they fix people's bite and stuff
Steven get a big socket set and take the
seeds out before we sleep tonight
secular job that is about me first
African foreign sunset really hard the
beasts assault that in desert Africa cuz
it's done it's down this is when they
start burning things I've heard there's
only two structures burning tonight but
the main big structures are burning on
Friday and Saturday night but yeah this
is going to be a long night partying
ahead I can't wait it could be amazing
and
the guy's good news we just got to
mechanics and they lend us a socket that
take the seats out so I can lay flat
pipe it's been a time got some vegan
sausages from the guys earlier and we've
propped up this grill on these cans
they're honest if I could click them on
the grill
Louie you are ridiculous it's not
working if one of your viewers clicks on
from this moment we're just just your
leggings that around your ankles okay
and now yeah maybe maybe t-shirt on the
outside okay we are ready to roll we
have our bikes I have my light-up legs
and yeah this would be a lot of fun guys
just realized in about an hour and a
half it's my birthday this is one at an
event nighttime at the burn chicken are
Wow okay just lay down a trip out to
following the trippin
guys I just let my phone for the first
time today pretty much and it's four
minutes past midnight which means it's
officially my birthday yeah it is a
pretty cool place to do but it is done
it again pretty much so it's so warm
that we've actually left off her jacket
we're going to rewrite the snail fastest
are we going to the techno shell I'm so
much better when you're getting under
snail with lid up Kiki bag right
they got a snail wave going on boys
going on
like floor is crazy rocky trying to
avoid
right we're back at the camp been a
really nice evening been a good start to
my birthday yeah looking forward to our
second full day of exploring tomorrow
it's gonna be good catching the morning
peace out
enjoy life lived adventure okay
