good morning guys today's the day that
we drive to that burn I didn't
sleep last night i instead drank two
coffees and three red bulls and edited
three vlogs so you guys have some vlogs
whilst we're in the middle of nowhere
with no internet and usually when I get
this far behind my gloves I have to take
whole days off till I catch all the
editing but instead I pulled an
all-nighter and at one point I woke up
slumped over like drooling on my t-shirt
but I managed to wake up again and carry
on it's now I almost 11 a.m. I think and
we are running a little bit late the
other thing is if it's like raining like
what badly like it's thunder and
lightning and this is not ideal for
trying to park a vehicle in the desert
or are acceptable but we'll see how it
goes
we're getting the last things together
and then we're loading up the car and
hopefully we won't have any problems we
have a lot of things
we might have had too much considering
me and Ryan is asleep in there yes all
of this means the moon's confusing when
we get there we're going to sit set up a
tent just to store a lot of this stuff
and then with free some space up in the
cloth that's the theory anyway I've
never done that before
okay well we're trying to skip right
that's all right yeah nice and comfy
awesome right we are ready I've got
three vlogs uploaded and scheduled the
thing that's a record did them all last
night I'm feeling good little bit tired
we're going to grab some breakfast and
then we're going to hit the road and
hope that we are we get there before
dark it's quite a long drive the rain is
coming down
who knows who grabbed them break breath
on our on our way
so we have nothing more disease again
air now well it's just non-stop
lightning thunder the penetration
right we've been going for a couple of
hours I'm actually doing a good job at
the wheel the rain has stopped looking
quite nice and me and Ryan have swapped
so I'm going to chill in the backyard we
all might join get some sleep
what's the percent that's down hello
same just wandering three hours all
right everything out three stage in a
road where it's not really a road
anymore and it's pretty much a dirt
track and Louis you pull the arms high
another would yeah is enjoying the fight
there and I think nothing like it on the
ground and lying on the seat
max what's going on
I can't even think about how messed up
this is right have so we had a couple of
cars just kind of pointing at us and to
the back of the car telling us something
was up I just poked my head out the door
with an extremely flat tire but our
spare tire is underneath no all of that
rock we could not be more remotely
stranded than we are right now
this is this is a no I'm actually
looking on the drone and like nothing
for like just as far as the eye could
see
alright um max is going to try and flag
this dude down
Oh No
what what oh my gosh we're trying to
profitably biloba to help us because we
don't know where the jacket how do you
feel about this situation Riya I'm
feeling good I think this is like all
situations the recitations is to happen
because everyone is so friendly helpful
stuff I think we're going to get it yes
so so clap
that's why flatter that's the Land Rover
what every plan I think it would
probably been driving on their flat so
this is Johnny's help giving us a hand
after quite a bit scrabbling around and
trying to avoid having to take the bikes
off and unpack of gear it looks like the
spare tires actually held on the chain
that we need to release from the top can
you see anything in there
now we're trying to get in this tiny
little hole there's some a little hobart
system to release the time we're just
trying to figure it out yeah
write-update is like five different
people have stopped now and we finally
managed to get the right tool teamwork
guys teamwork thanks guys yes we saw
over there and then we found out there's
a padlock holding the wheel on and we
haven't got a key
there we go
yes did it yeah okay okay we're back in
action
thanks so much you can't legislate and
absolutely oh my god no way
look he just rolled up look who just
rolled out of all the thousands of
people we found Jeremy finally back of
the ride oh my god arriving so we are
needing to find some friends which were
staying with a girl called Kirsten who I
haven't met yet but Ryan max know her
and she's less than message on this
board apparently or she should have done
and we're trying to find it guys
turns out I might be a little bit harder
to find on those let me store okay
before we go in and try and find where
we're going to be camping tonight the
tradition hits the people that haven't
been before is to roll around in the
duct and hit a gun so that's I think
what we're about to do as is tradition
we're putting them first you have to
roll in the dirt come on Louise get down
there get their end of their car right
they'll raise our bail so the plan of
the moment it is cruising around here we
can find Kirsten and the crew double
tandem we don't really a maybe idea oh
my gosh again I defended Alex stone
hello
we found our resolve hello don't worry
with that we found that we found that we
just been shouting your name and our TV
show yeah we've been asking people very
nice to meet you
I go to Planet we're going to shift all
of this over a little bit so we can
touch our car in there yeah yeah perfect
all right now we need to put up some
tents this is Max's ten
this is our little Lada we've got a
whole tent set up just for our supplies
so our bedroom situation is kind of
getting there in the meantime though we
need some dinner
serves up a little kitchen Raya is
heating up some noodles max has got his
little tendon there are yes bro lay down
well guys this is our camp for the next
five days
it's gonna be pretty cool whoa
so we've made a group decision not to
stay out tonight we're going to rest up
because we didn't leave last night and
that's going to give us a bit more
energy for the next couple of days but
like properly hit hard tomorrow I want
to explore this place probably because I
still don't really know exactly where we
are and I have a gar bearings yet but
I'm really relieved that we managed to
find person that we've got our camped
out now we know we've got some a cop
wouldn't leave and yeah I think that's
that's a relief because I thought we
were going to have to dislike ha go
somewhere random tonight I'm also
relieved that we're going to get some
food enough and yeah I just get here
with our massive prior Fiasco earlier
but it's going to be an incredible
couple of days already so far like the
people lying on some like crazy wooden
structure over there it's like people
juggling fire over there this is going
to be like quickly pretty crazy but yeah
I'm going for a full explore to my right
catching the morning piece down enjoy
life
Adventure
