give morning guys I'm heading into
k-town today because it's a very special
day also very scary day I'm getting some
pretty serious dental work done some of
you may remember two years ago I came to
Cape Town and I saw a dentist we said my
teeth are in really bad shape and I
basically got our tendency to grind my
teeth and also I went through some of my
early 20s whereas drinking a lot of
sugary drinks a lot of energy drinks and
basically the combination of those three
things that eroded almost all of my
enamel which is why I can't seem to
whiten my teeth at all and because the
enamel is what you weigh in and then
presenting which is under the enamel is
what has a kind of a yellow ahead
the problem is not just the coloration
that the sensitivity so like things and
pineapple the other day and it looks
super painful and I don't know if you
Seaver back look how I rode in my
faculty garland and the dentist here was
saying that this is the normal erosion
you'd see in like a fifteen year old and
there wasn't many options of what I
could do so the last two years I've kind
of just been throwing around ideas like
should I save up the money and do get
some kind of protected porcelain kind of
capping my teeth and then I tracked my
friend the other day and he's done it
and he hasn't like a lot of is he's not
protected with porcelain so they're kind
of a cap over the teeth and I decided
it'd be interesting to look into doing
in Capetown that this is where I got my
laser eye surgery done and it was like a
lot more affordable here than doing in
the UK or the
January did some research and it turns
out that I can get it done there and
it's a lot more affordable still a bit
of an investment but this conceal I'm
divides the Cassidy's to the last my
entire life if not like 10-15 years of
protection and my teeth and kind of
restore them back to how they should be
oh I'd love the salt fight my team I'm a
little bit worried and that it can come
out this looking like Bugs Bunny but it
might be bigger if you think of bar and
I think if it's a good little investment
and what brings you you later long on
the journey it's going to be funny today
because and I had a little appointment
the other day that they're going to and
bigoted essentially like some temporary
caps on my teeth I don't know what it's
made of lighting in a plastic over the
next week I'm going to have these like
Ana temporary teeth then I've also heard
I'm going to get on injections which
means I might not be able to speak
there's also about that
yeah it might be an interesting journey
and if some of you have done the same or
literally the same it can be a little
insight into how it will work
so hopefully go as well thank you
here we are
thank you I will say guys I just wanna
say man if you're young until we're 50
just look after them like I'm trying
better look after mine now broccoli
twice a day not drinking a lot should
really drink some fizzy drinks or should
we read about a country later me is why
I'm having to resort to this stuff you
can avoid this please do okay so this is
George he's going to be working for
magic today thank you it's good to see
I'm going to be sitting in for like the
next three hours or something what we
normally do is and we're using the
guideline we can do a preparation of 0.3
millimeter
point three of a millimeter on the front
here you can see how thin this area that
gray is actually the back shining
through because all that gray is too
soon to actually support the produce
you're supporting evening and there was
still decaying between the earth and in
between years most probably this modern
number or a broken off and you can see
here we can do precise use measurements
because we calibrated these pictures
into your int and yeah if you want to
lengthen it one point three millimeter
because each key is to you can actually
let me say it like a wall the ideal
length of the tube is about 10 not off
to 11 this is what small design we can
actually this is the process would be
doing as small that is actually you can
get a predictor our topic so we're going
to know what we get in before we
actually starting this all should be
much higher there should be if you look
at that look at that
between that youth and that you hmm
it's that's worn up as impressively worn
up and a lot of people have this and
don't know they end up when they're 15
this looks cool funky keep you can see
how eating all this enamel is shining
through that said finding that you
cannot audio anything after when we done
we also going to protect them by giving
a night guard asleep was cool but I
think you have a great result onto that
damping ztp in a natural position where
they should be
I had we're halfway through I come
across to talk
I've been injected full in the cause of
Allah
my whole fight it down back into rant
we just put veneers on yes it's not
going to be strong enough often online
it is going to essentially just going to
slide right through them oh wow we have
to get in between yeah to get to the
back
oh my god but if you look at the front
teeth yeah yeah there's not they only
took about a point three of a millimeter
away their back I didn't do any
preparations yeah we did with a link
with dead probably but ultimately
Nietzsche and we only had makes little
space in between called big site that's
the funny little comedy quality kiddies
have like fun today
remember that it's going to feel a bit
odd because as much you have teeth yeah
and it's obviously a little rougher than
what a final product will be for us
because they line up at the Portland
Trail because we have to have made all
right we haven't we've got a
professional layer that actually makes
them really today's work is done my
mouth still is all numb and stuff but I
guess I won't the prefer exactly what
it's like until later on but feeling
pretty good does look a bit odd the feed
pair or a bit longer but this is
restoring that to you what they should
be like them feels good like what do you
think
like how about the bottom youth are
living here
okay I've swung across the office and
now with the girls
we're doing shopping what do you think
like me I love my new teeth yeah I think
I love nature I mean yes
I love you see I love to see how they
have hold up the tweet but then the real
test is going to be you and they with
the real ones oh yeah I was worried so
they're real I look stupid and crap
hello well I think it's good and now we
are off to the Millers house this is
Nick's parents because brother Simon
birthday today so we're going to
celebrate by having a bride this is a
massive barbecue pit we're cooking vegan
thrust yeah no me no me trick right
we're just sitting down
mocking Nick next old magician routine
from renews like 11 next up Nick Miller
right we are back from my evening out
and yeah who exerted good fun I'm still
kind of adjusting to the tea but I think
the consensus was that they look pretty
good yeah I think it's just weird
looking them in the mirror God with them
one last thing before I sign out guide
if you haven't yet got involved with the
Kickstarter there really is a lot less
where the final week we're still a long
way off
our target if we don't hit the target we
will lose out on all the money that
people have put in to make the baby
happen and people won't get the rewards
that they've opted for words and like
the digital copy the dignity maybe the
whole thing is not going to happen
to be reaching so you can afford this
week despite a copy of the movie or any
of the other awards and you'll be
massively appreciated and I think we can
do it everyone jobs aboard now it's like
a final perch I understand people would
be a bit like on a slow throughout the
month because Google time but yeah you
want to make this happen
and help us make this happen if you
believe in me and JP that we can create
an epic movie with a great message that
goes further beyond the YouTube audience
then yeah we need you help
we really do so head over there now I'll
link it here and yeah I'll catch you in
the morning
peace out enjoy your life little
adventure the
