hi my name is John I'm from Spain but
I'm currently here in Moscow Russia and
this is some probably enjoy it often you
enjoyed today we are prepping and
getting ready for Africa burn which is
happening next week it's basically a
smaller burning man but it put all my
burning man and it's happening in South
Africa in a few days so we have to get
costumes
so we've met with Jeremy and Matilda and
we are buying some some fun clothes to
wear oh yeah that looks cool yeah I like
it I like it all the big for me the idea
that I'd probably be perfect size for me
I'm going to try to find some colorful
clothes that's what Jeremy suggested
everyone's dressed crazy and working
right that's not better Clara is there
not gonna get annoying walking around
all week the helmet we are just out for
this yeah okay
this to me rainy what do you think guys
I did I I'm not annoyed Alex oh I think
I'm going to talk the other finger so
one of the big things is that the Africa
burn is happening out in the kuru which
is like I think really density and I
think it gets really sandy and the sand
storms and stuff though you need kind of
like material to like stop you inhaling
sand and then also either glasses or
ideally goggles so we're going to try
and find a local nothing are you found
some goggles are oh they look thick a
bit of a slip down though the proper
steampunk those a steampunk on any of
this coat I feel like the arms of it
short but other than that I'm fine joint
yeah it's good this place is awesome
this is what I need and it's quite quite
some shoes some more rugged shoes
nice loot a needle bit overkill he's
like a big pirate boots go back to the
drawing board I'm going to go more
towards the Mad Max steampunk kind of
vibe than the kind of hippie long kind
of flowing robes and stuff so I need to
I need to rethink guys what do you think
about having a little statue like this
and then if it gets really sandy I can
put the camera in the bag on it then
pick up
I think you found the night junket
it took Kobe we're dressing guys got
shirt here and cheeky little coffee
thing Breyers got a feather boa and some
cool Africa new pattern stuff I like it
okay we have put a bunch of stuff behind
a counter and we're now heading to
another place similar here we can find
any other gems there's a divvy steam
pokey
yeah they are chunky boots right I got a
ton of stuff guys I'll show you we
dressed up later
Jeremy got his cool coat happy with this
guy yeah I like the floral the yeah it's
like royal floral designing that scarf
as well keeping keeping a colorful faux
finish with this shopping take your
budget Jeremy I'm just coming into the
LTA Oscars to give lower back the king
she kinda menace
calculator thanks again thanks and now
heading with Breyer to the waterfront
we're going to get me to eat this little
filming bit with one of her videos all
coming together we also go thankfully
managed to get at a rental car today to
take to their African burn because that
we are really badly prepared and
everyone at all this week to go so hot I
thought for a minute we might not get a
car Soros thanks on skillful food
oh yes please
this is a nice little pre-dinner snack
Annette our little mountain looks so
good on a day
it is wellness yourself
we don't worry let's go this way
goodnight mine nice doing it you're on
it doing it all things we got a little
bit out of hand now stop looking
okay I made friend you really love you
love you
we've won the back into this little arts
and crafts market area we were in the
other day there seems to be some
different like stores here like this one
with these cool animals so it's now oh
yeah oh we could get that tent and stay
in it for Africa been just freezing at
night yellow so give us all the
insulation
all right we are ducking into a couple
of stores to get some extra supply and
things we couldn't pick up earlier
because we were just getting costumes
earlier for that event but we're trying
to get some practical things now so I
need a water bottle guys have just found
the best water bottle on earth this is
the LifeStraw water bottle I don't know
if you've heard about the LifeStraw but
you basically drink any water and it
sells is there and this is at war but
all version I can take this all around
the world not even like can catch things
if there's like I didn't have little
green thing you can ya know that in all
seriousness this is amazing and even
better guys for every lifestyle filter
you purchase a child in Africa which is
provided with safe drinking water for an
entire school year and now prepared to
drink any water in the water
yeah let's go let's go get more things
we need to do all this shopping
what are you doing what maybe doing
if you find the African Pokemon clear
assign them oh boy okay we are heading
back now to be a baby we're going to try
on our costumes Raya doesn't want to
ruin the surprise yet so I can't show
you
yeah she's got but I'm gonna try a
little all of my gear with some of the
extra bits I just bought and I'm going
to see if there's anything that we need
extra we do need to get all of our
groceries tomorrow like water snacks
alright all of our fears basically it
guys I mean it's going to be too late
but let's only see this but I don't
really know what to bring to like a
five-day festival where you don't buy
food I don't think I've ever been for
something that for completing cans maybe
like dry noodles and stuff it's not
gonna be a good week for like being
fictitiously find like vegetable fat
noodle that's fresh you love I know I
love Tigers probably I've been sorting
through my clothes and I've picked out
my outfit what is in guys I've got these
awesome boots pick up these trousers in
H&M the rest of it from the thrift store
I think these goggles are my favorite
these are going to keep my eyes
protective to understand mmm I'm really
actually pumped I need to take this off
you hear me more clearly I'm really
pumped for a quick a burn something
haven't told you guys yet is and we've
got a special guest arriving tomorrow I
haven't told you about and that you'll
find out tomorrow morning he's joining
us and it's going to be yeah if the is
exciting is it going to be exciting to
reunite anyway tomorrow we have the last
few things to sort out we are picking up
our rental van like I said earlier very
lucky we got one I need to buy an
inverter so we can charge all our things
in the car apparently there's no
internet at all or phone service out
there so that's why I scheduled the
vlogs which should still be going out
and
yeah there's just a few things we hadn't
really thought that like suncream what
kind of foods we need we're really
online a bunch of different like advice
websites throughout the things we're
going to need but I think we'll be fine
I just want to make sure we wrap up warm
in case it gets cold at night and yeah
I'm ready for anything really I think
it's going to be pretty mad pretty mad
so make sure you tune in I'll do a whole
series on on this week so we've got
tomorrow's to prep and then we're
heading off the morning after that if I
think it's actually already started I
think that festival has already started
today so we're going to be a couple of
days late but all the main stuff happens
on the weekend can be can be mad all
right I'll catch in the morning peace
out enjoy life little adventure
