Thanks
so the plates have just arrived is a
cafe that's run as a social enterprise
by an organization called the message
which is a Christian Basel project
organization where they do amazing
things especially with gang members
ex-offenders and Justine - Justine you
work with Abel LCA he works in the
organization so we're going to meet some
of the people that have come out of the
gang lifestyle and prisons and have a
life transformed and now they're doing
amazing things being a role model
helping other people step away from that
kind of lifestyle and culture find work
and a lot of social social enterprises
like this Cafe is providing work from
inside so super inspiring exciting and
I'm interested to hear the stories of
people and esteem see what what it's all
about
okay so I've arrived at cafe this is
Justine who worked LTA this is Alastair
her dabs and this is Lola all right okay
the reason I clicked then it's because
the one of the local languages more
stuff all suck it involves clicking in
the actual words though Ola is yes
that's his name and we're just going to
share a bit Barry's story and some of
the cool stuff that's happening with the
the message projects out here I used to
kill at a time and then sometimes
sometimes another drunk I was a skater
kindly pointed in Hawaiian attribute and
then people they saw this happening over
and over to end up living according to
the police call a lot of police activity
of them
so they were coming in in our promise
remind them to search me joined them to
touch me
but it cost me one sided went in so it's
a safety when they find it kind so
that's a lock or teller said now
according to quality of court sentenced
fight over sentence outside sentence six
year sentence six years the progression
of the company yes then we saw that this
group of it that used to come preach in
trig himself
this is sit-in missing three hundred
Italians are into land for customer no
alliance till tomorrow a new or life and
taking away new steps in life but for
customers Jesus convene for spiritual
programs and then I was transformed when
I went out prison that was 2014 to same
another focused and now and telling my
story to these guys how our core
transformed by God in what God can do in
prison if and outside today guy to
forgive us all challenged upon rather
said to them to them and also they
Twitter step forward in that year of
2015 when I left my place that more than
fifty of the guys that came to face the
viscous had a similar background being a
wave ended up a plan almost the same
before some of them I echo failure their
larger unformed repair to positive life
and looking for work looking to gain
examples in the locations of men but I
was not satisfied financially I feel
sort of looking for a financial
opportunity let's offer to the message
and then able to to be satisfied with
financial financial stuff and also my
life also has crowing step by step into
a dollar school in and I'm still we are
facing now
God still quote equipped me but thanks
for sharing a story verdiant personal
things one God
in prison ah who's addicted command got
me seriously okay so you influenced his
life and now he's influenced the other
people's like what you see
right we're now jumping in the car we're
heading to the younger township nearby
what we're seeing in the township we're
going to go and the church or new
crossroads Baptist Church where our Eden
team leader is with his football guys
okay it's like a sports sports program
yeah yeah he's trying interested
mentoring flesh football club was part
of our message in theme so we were just
told that this area in Cape Town is the
murder capital of South Africa which
kind of crazy to think I'm sure a lot of
that is kind of contain amongst the gang
fights but yeah Matt yeah here we go
guys look the anger will become
salvation capital of South Africa
instead of murder capital is crazy one
of the sports projects they're running
to connect with young people here they
do like a I guess like a football or
soccer training thing a couple of times
a week and there's a few guys from the
training session come down to show off
some of their skills you can have a
little day Laura
oh no you did not well it's detroying
that counts
that's probably quickly going to drop
these kids down the road
Hayden boys did yeah okay
did you enjoy your little football you
call it football or soccer soccer okay
here I guess I trampled
a lot of them have dads around all the
joints so he's kind of like he's
offering the milk so that's his heart
let me as you could hear that's what
he's been yeah this is MK he leads our
eating team here and he he works full
time for pizza with me and he leads the
team in his in his spare time and he's
one of our urban heroes or so he's been
developing a vision since the days when
he was in prison and now it's coming to
fulfillment tell us about it I grew up
in a future family in a home with my
parents and um
oh I'll call my father father to let
doesn't abandon me
I left with my mom and my grandmother
and after while my mom got married to
another male in about their pit material
Ackerman's gave me a good kiss in life
she believed in me and lovely I remember
then I started to feel Dustin of
disparate you need a father in my life
and I started hanging around with Dawn
of guys and I remember coming out late
run about 3:00 4:00 a.m. in the morning
drunk and some they were high
we laugh in the car and I get home of
barnacleman waiting for it m'kay I just
want to talk with you and I remember to
all just go and closed it all and I was
shutting the door to someone who
believed in loudly not only I'll go I
remember in the morning there was a
knock on my door run about 5 a.m. when I
woke up the house was full of the family
and the neighbors and that's why they
said my grandmother passed
and that hit me so hard a lot no one
must be quite the long specific TPS
innocently while I'm in prison I met a
man who was preaching about Jesus face
line and we're sitting up on the tables
in life and I look at myself and I look
at this man and what is saying in a look
at God as a God to uranium pebbles in my
life prison our days are full of young
men and woman working of the abundant
Millea by a father who live recklessly
leading but one thing every young man
desperately needs a father in their life
amazing man thank you very much no
really nice thanks father
yeah it's bina yeah great work all right
guys I'm just checking this fact crime
stats show you Western Cape is South
Africa's murder capital the top ten
murder hotspots in South Africa have
been identified as Nyong'o which is
where we are right now I still can't
believe it can you believe this removing
any believe it it doesn't feel like shit
yeah it feels okay yeah well we have
been in the car they yeah that's true I
mean I'm sure we're not seeing the worst
of this area but also we've just been
playing with delightful children yeah
I'm sure there's some pretty crazy gangs
down there good sweetie right please
she's in case yeah okay I am gay
bye right we're now heading to Nick and
Andy's because it's unjust birthday
today here today isn't it
Hey so we got takeout food we're now
about to eat some yummy dessert some so
well vegan chocolate birthday cake and
what's it like being 34 it's amazing
heavy no wait that's pretty
did you guys know that ang is nine days
older than me you never get it that's a
compliment
honestly I do think you know younger
people is saying my teeth maybe like ten
years younger but yeah right I've left
the party forage next pennyboard and I'm
heading back to the air B&B to do
another big live stream I want to do a
couple more big pushes for the kick doll
so we're still 14,000 pounds away from
our goal less than 48 hours to go so I'm
gonna have to try everything I can to
yeah Teresa's reach a target I'm even
thinking of just pulling like an
extremely long live stream like maybe
even doing like four five hours straight
so I'm gonna
quickly pick up some Red Bull and then
I've got a bunch of a crazy foods these
being challenges not quite as crazy as
when I doing food for Louisa it's
important myself so we just hit eighty
eight thousand pounds on our Kickstarter
get it and I promised them in working
life that I would do a spoonful of this
habanero sauce punishingly hot sauce
lethal within ten out of ten
okay three two one poor violet aggregate
or this is my body reacting oh and you
let's mine hold on
oh there it is 3:00 a.m. we have hit
eighty-nine thousand six hundred forty
six on the Kickstarter and we've hit the
next milestone for me to do an eating
challenge and I've agreed on camera to
do this cinnamon challenge so we've got
a big bag of cinnamon with it ninety
thousand ninety thousand which means
it's habanero time three two one guys I
am buzzing that we hit ninety thousand
pounds we've got thirty eight hours to
go I think we're going to do it guide
it's been just a really crazy week off
actually I kind of felt anxious saying
in the live stream like I just felt yeah
this loves two days and like our man
like imaginary don't hit it like all
this hard work but I think we are and
for those of you that about the campaign
thank you so much it's yeah it's been
it's been a roller coaster it's been
such a journey now I think by the time
this vlog goes up we'll know whether or
not we've hit the target but
yeah thanks for getting involved and
yeah I I'm going to get some sleep now
my stomach's still churning a little bit
I managed to clean up all the mess I
made and but I hoping there's not too
much of a not too much repercussions
from all the weird things I ate tonight
but yeah it was definitely a flashback
to that food delivery days just not
quite as extreme
I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
