good morning guys another day in Cape
Town and we have come down to help bay
with Kyle Raya and Britt hey guys and
we've got we're actually heading now at
boulders beach to see the Penguins but
before we do we are getting some
breakfast and some coffee and this place
is awesome to go up so glad to get stuff
in here
going to bouncing sweet potato soup
I'm just trying to pick a smoothie now
they have my really good food here
there's like everything you've got
too many things
so before we carry on driving down the
coast we've stopped off at the harbor
and we're going to go and see some seals
there's a bunch of seals down there
Oh another one baby
I'm gonna get him you must wait let's
see wait
like you dumping I said yes yeah
okay we're driving down the coastal road
and we just pulled over at Chapman's
peak just yeah just scouting out some
cool photo locations last time I was
here that if you remember guides by ID
basically had to crash-land my drawing
because I almost ran out battery I kind
of know I evilly flew it out to sea not
realizing the wind off the mountain was
like kind of pushing it out and then
when I went to turn around and come back
here and it was really struggling I only
just got back in I was going another
location on chapman's peak this is so
beautiful
bro what were you saying this reminds
you of yeah we have to do it okay okay
that's it it is on the bucket list
but our bucket list is pretty long so
just need to prioritize places
well it's so fast Wow
guys the Penguins are right here on the
beach we're at boulders beach now we've
tried to walk along a bit from the main
area where everyone is and kind of
ducked in between some of the big
boulders to find these guys
I've taken my shoes off wade through
some some of the shallow water here to
get to some more of the Penguins
watch out watch out oh my gosh I Hey no
do you like penguins Britt so cute this
guy
what's up is he looking for I need to
try and get through here without getting
bitten hey buddy can we get past amen
there's one of the pink Vincent laid an
egg yeah okay we're waiting through all
my shorts away those loads of Penguins
in the water this is what I wanted
the tide has come in right we've left
the beach have left the Penguins this
has been just an amazing experience for
me because as you may have seen from
previous vlogs in South Africa when I've
come to see the Penguins we've gone to a
completely different section where
they're usually nesting and you're not
really supposed to be interacting with
them whereas this area the Penguins are
way more used to the people they know
that if they're gonna come here and
chill on the beach there's going to be
people around rather than they're kind
of protected areas where you can't go so
yeah they're way more friendly and just
swimming all around us and just coming
right up to us like it's really really
cool if you want to see the Penguins
properly at boulders beach you've got to
pay to get into this section because
this is where it's at and it is a
particularly busy day today I wouldn't
advise coming on the weekend but yeah
I'm just pumped I love penguins at the
best so normally to that point so I've
done this and walked along here before
and this is all fenced off you can't
actually go near the Penguins we're not
supposed to anyway and then you can do
that boardwalk but what we we came in
this entrance act and it would plan
under all these rocks and we went over
here okay so guys then going to the
boardwalks area go down this way
Nilsa drone flight good fun yeah yeah
come with coffee
oh okay we've dropped the girls off
they're going out for the night I've
just got back to Kyle's and his mum has
cooked some roasted vegetables he's look
amazing yeah hey Milo okay back in the
car for one final mission again the
drone up again the Sun is behind some
clouds at the moment but firewood shows
me it's about to pop out cheering okay
he's thinking hopeful and it's likely
that the cloud that the Sun is gonna pop
out the bottom see this like orange
strips where I guess this is the clear
you see in a second
successful drone flight guys what did
you think of some of that footage that I
was getting close to those birds I I
feel like I almost got taken out luckily
not oh I can't afford to lose another
drone right now well back home it's been
an incredible day as you saw the
Penguins were epic it was fun meeting
new people hanging out with friends and
just getting to explore new parts of
Cape Town and yeah I am loving it here
guys really really loving it and I hope
you're enjoying the vlogs even though
they're slightly less frequent yeah I'm
feeling very good
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
