good afternoon guys it's a beautiful day
in Cape Town and Happy Easter Easter
Sunday it's been very relaxed so far and
that's why it's already pretty late in
the day but we've just come down to meet
with Kyle yeah
a vlog and Laura's with me Rhys not
feeling 100% today she's chilling back
at their B&B but we're going on a little
mission we're in which is Clifton rocks
yeah
Clifton rocks I don't think I've been
here before but that's Lionhead lines
head up there and we're going to find a
little spot to get some photos watch the
sunset you know relax this is a really
beautiful area we need to go up the
lion's head one day I want to go and
find that caves I think it's like a cave
somewhere okay yeah I've got my little
maverick with me so it's my flight and
paid out for a little cruise obviously I
don't yesterday yeah have you blown a
tire so much fun bye
first time I try to catch it my fingers
went through it I like pop my fingers
this is much nicer than the other night
is really windy the other night it's
like here very wind so still this entire
Beach is shell look oh my gosh
Oh
I trying to get a little time lapse it's
done popping through said this many
times guys that already be taped and on
this
you
please bro excuse me man
yeah Dean enjoying the mithya all right
that was brief but always always cool
you know okay before we head back to the
everything being getting dinner with
swinging past the waterfront because I
managed to find somewhere that doesn't
bandanas was before yesterday
Zhora sells them randomly we saw them on
our way out some dinner those too late
so we're going to pick up that also guys
I'm doing a live stream tonight and it's
attempting to try and raise a bit
support for the Kickstarter by now I'm
going to have to be doing things on the
live stream that I'm not going to enjoy
but other people's entertainment so I've
been kind of think what should I do and
one of the things I'm going to do is wax
my legs alright I'm getting the script
and the actual hot wax it's Laura says
it's better we'll see if the kid's gonna
be stayin going we're back at the air
B&B I like totally forgot to vlog but we
have started a livestream of me waxing
my legs after those users don't know
about our Kickstarter me and Josie is
flying around the world in August we are
doing that it's definitely happening
we're going to be doing 22 different
countries with an aim and this is where
the kick start of it comes in with an
aim to create an incredible movie about
diversity and celebrating the diversity
people all around the world
it's basically fair without uniting
humanity it does sound quite base on a
criticism yesterday that it's kind of
generic but once we start the flight and
we meet the people and there's gonna be
a lot spontaneity about who we meeting
that's when the story is going to unfold
so you need to be able to trust me that
this is going to be an incredible trip
and an incredible movie and something
that's saying oh why don't you just blog
it I'm getting lots of behind the scenes
but I've been blogging now for four
years and I wanted more than anything to
do something bigger and me this is the
best thing I can make a movie about and
it's going to involve others
people's stories not just about me from
Hilarion JP it's other people we're
taking other people it's guests on the
plane it's going to be more diverse than
just me and goes me to white guy it's
going to be really really cool and yeah
I want to involve you guys so we've
launched this Kickstarter and with
Kickstarter the main thing I want to
push and encourage you guys to do is
pre-order the movie as a digital copy
you can get DVDs blu-rays and then
there's a bunch of other rewards
including be able to join us on the
flight or a little next if you come out
for a couple of days to a destination of
your choice and well it works with the
trip and there's loads of other really
exciting things we're doing a landing
party at the end of the entire trip at
the moment is planned for California
this beautiful little Airport where you
kind of come to the weekend we're going
to do another live adventures summit so
if any of those things appeal to you and
you want to get involved I just want to
reiterate this isn't a donation to
charity this isn't a charitable project
this is just me and Jason me wanting to
independently create a movie there's a
lot of cost involved for the movie
science they like getting a director to
help us a production team the
post-production equipment or needs it's
a sliding scale or obviously you know
Hollywood movies cost like millions and
millions we're going to try and do it to
this budget of 100,000 pounds we're
going to try to raise get a boost in
people claiming rewards and a kick start
tonight by doing some crazy things so
rioting evidence I'm here to do a game
called truth or wax okay ready okay guys
get ready going on under ones it should
be getting to it come on keep it ok
wasabi well I'll put this dog in first
yeah that's quite a lot wasabi yeah
wasabi okay let's do this okay oh okay
oh-oh-oh inserting my head on my leg ow
pain everywhere whole armpit I'm just
gonna do this like three upset me last
time watching oh oh oh oh oh
bleeding good three two one Oh
weird so weird well the live stream is
over and we had an amazing night we
raved almost 4,000 pounds for the
Kickstarter so thank you for those of
you that tuned in and also thank you to
those who have backed the Kickstarter so
far and what I've been shaved waxing my
legs and in wasabi and waxing my armpits
and JP has been over in California
checking out the venue and the camp area
where we're going to be landing in
November for the finale party the
welcome home party after we've completed
our entire trip so if you haven't got
tickets to come join us for that yet you
may want to see how epic the location is
so I'm going to hand over to JP to show
you around give you a little tour all
right so we're on a bit of a mission
today
I need to head out too can Valley
Airport which is about three hours north
of LA and it's where are we going to
have our arrival party so once we fly
around the world the day we come back
this is the April we're going to fly
into we're going to have a massive party
with like a bunch of you there and we're
also going to then straight off of that
well that's pretty much going to turn
into the next LT a summons of the
eventual summons all right
that is the lake and over there
yeah roundabout there left Kern Valley
and when we come to land after flying
around the world we're going to be
flying into this valley and the airport
when that side just over the hill on the
Kickstarter there's the option to come
for a 30-minute flight with us we have a
few locations around the world where you
can do that and one of them is here we
just met the owner of the ample and
super cool dude it really resonates with
what we want to do and he's going to
show us the campground now will will
definitely have a big bonfire and I mean
couldn't be better IRA good we just
walked down the river and still running
look at that Wow
incredibly I cannot believe we're gonna
have our event here so the plan is we
have I don't know exactly how many
people showing up but quite a few people
are going to pick up pull for for the
event we're going to land on the runway
right there and then this is a big
tarmac so I think you and I often
sighing around the frickin world right
here tie it down get out there's going
to be a bunch of you waiting to party
with us and we're going to have an
incredible weekend of photo workshops
bonfires chats movies going to bring the
the new expedition happiness bus out
here plus the Wonder bug we can park
that right next to the plane so you'll
all be able to see that yeah so much
space for camping so in the ticket
camping is included so you can just
bring a tent and you can just pitch your
tent here we'll have showers and toilets
ready so really really so cool if you
haven't gotten your tickets yet I will
definitely recommend going to
Kickstarter because that's coming soon
and that's the cheapest the tickets will
be there are a limited number of it so
we're the next LTA summit is going to be
after we fly around the freakin world so
for you guys enjoyed seeing where the
events going to take place and imagining
how epic the party and event and live
the adventure summit is going to be in
November so please to those the
Kickstarter now and get your ticket it's
going to be honestly I'm not just saying
it it's going to be amazing I think it's
one of the best rewards we've gotten a
Kickstarter yeah and JP's heading off to
New Zealand for a little bit now and
then he's coming back to the states and
then Canada to prep for the flight and
I'll be able in the States next month -
yeah - get ready to start getting ready
a lot of work to be done but yeah our
main focus right now guys is hitting our
target for the Kickstarter so yeah let's
do it let's do it guys catch in the
morning peace out enjoy life live
adventure boom
