hey guys I'm here with JP today and we
are here to talk about the Kickstarter
and the movie we're making of our world
flight if you haven't yet watched the
Kickstarter video you might need to
watch that first to get some context and
we're just responding to some of the
people's questions we've had some of the
concerns and just to update you guys on
some of the latest things we're doing
with the Kickstarter one thing we really
want to clarify is what Kickstarter is
and how it works it's not a charity
platform Kickstarter is a reward based
program where when you donate money you
get something in return
Lou and I are using it as a platform
just pre-sell the film itself as well as
offer you guys some limited edition
products so one of the things people
have been saying is that we are trying
to get our holidays funded that isn't
anything to do with it for me we're
we're paying for this flight we're
paying for all the cost involved in
flying around the world but there's this
massive additional cost that we see as a
very separate thing of making this movie
the main thing this movie is about for
us is sharing other people's stories
showing the diversity around the world
and how beautiful that is
and how we connect together and unite as
humanity in this current political
climate where all around the world as
such division and this media narrative
of conflict we want to tell me the
opposite spirit and show the love to
others see other people people's lives
and societies and communities and be
able to share that in this new format is
bigger movie format without this
Kickstarter we cannot fund the movie
there's going to be a lot of cost
involved with trying to create something
of this caliber like the equipment will
need the extra people will need to help
us the teams wouldn't be flying teams
out to different locations around the
world with much bigger equipment and we
can even take on the plane with us we're
going to have our small cameras that to
make this properly we need a lot of
resources and that's where you guys come
in to help us make this happen we see
this play as a
massive canvas and it would be a shame
if we couldn't use this platform with
slide to showcase more of the world and
offer other people the opportunity to be
seen and to be understood so the moment
we're still planning the snaps days were
going to be in certain places we're
still confirming the brew that JP said
but was that a bit more solidified we
will be posting me up to hang out with
you guys in two places are going to be
visiting and for us that's another way
to find incredible stories and chats you
guys in here about your life you guys
could be in the movie you sitting right
there you could possibly be in this
movie and be seen by millions of people
around the world I think that's very
exciting we're leaving in August we're
allowing up to three months we are
landing back in the California on the
weekend of the 10th of November and we
have found this incredible airport a few
hours north of LA and we want to invite
you guys to come and join us for a
celebration weekend as we land back in
and that is the new additional reward on
the Kickstarter so go check it out join
us for the entire weekend
this is essentially our second live the
adventure some it with abroad in the UK
this is going to be our California
little adventure summit and you're going
to be there to welcome us back in and
the first to hear some of our exciting
stories as we land I think it's going to
be an exciting weekend we have camping
available there's also accommodation
nearby we're also talking to some pretty
exciting photographers and filmmakers
and we're thinking about offering a
course in a wave maybe a day course
we're releasing workshops yeah we can
teach you guys stuff and maybe some of
you can teach other stuff but it'll just
be a fun weekend of hanging out getting
to know people and spreading knowledge
and stories one thing I really need to
talk about is the route itself there is
a map on Kickstarter that is sort of
outlining a route than we have priority
set out but it is most likely going to
change for example this week alone we've
been working on getting into the Ukraine
and Pakistan we're trying to find those
hidden gems with people living different
lives to us
and beautiful eyes and trying to share
their stories so all those cities you
see you around the world that are mapped
out and they will change I'm pretty sure
about that and there are port of entry
so we're clear customs there and then
we'll explore the country with the
aircraft from there so you'll see a lot
more of the countries than just that
means it the other thing we want to
clear up is the difference between the
vlogs I'll be making and the movie I
think some people think I'm just going
to be making vlogs with a better camera
that isn't the case the vlogs I will be
making for our trip there's still about
me you know it's fun for Louie
it's from my perspective I'm sharing
with you guys my thoughts the movies
going to be so much bigger than me it
could be so much bigger than me and JP
this is an opportunity for us to find
other people's stories get other people
sharing on camera the whole trip we're
going to be having guests I'm going to
be having extra space in the plane for
guests to join here there you know
opinions their perspectives on the world
and help us with this journey of sharing
other people's stories of adventures
from around the world so this isn't just
about documenting our trip and our lives
is so much bigger than that we already
have talked to a number of people a
number of other big youtubers that are
so excited about joining us we can't
confirm everyone yet but we are going to
be building a website while JP is going
to be building a website we'll have a
section where we'll be listening the
special guest very soon and then the
next week of thing yeah and it's not
just about high profile people we
obviously want some additional exposure
to the film and to get our message
further out but there was the
opportunity for for example on the
Kickstarter you guys can join we'll be
flying you out to where we are and yeah
we'll cover everything every yeah we'll
also most likely be picking our people
in random countries that we meet and not
just like you're awesome we want to
share this adventure with you it's far
beyond just high-profile youtubers
joining us it is really about sharing
the adventure with friends and new
friends of travel millennialist
so obviously a lot of questions have
been about the aircraft that we're using
it hasn't been completely confirmed yet
but we're hoping to fly either a diamond
ba 62 or if we can't get that a diamond
da40 - the reason is it's super safe
aedra twin-engined there is redundancy
and it also allows us to take an
auxilary fuel tank with which is very
important to the distances that will be
flying when we're crossing oceans and
it's just the state of the art a me onyx
in it I'm heading up to Canada in a few
weeks where we will start preparing the
aircraft and doing trial flight testing
out all the equipment we also met with
B&H yesterday the NH photo video which
is a massive company here in New York
they're helping us equip the aircraft
with different cameras and systems that
allow us to capture the flight as
vibrantly as possible and without being
intrusive that's really important on a
plane like this week I'm going to be
flying to very busy airspace probably
complex weather systems where I wouldn't
be one wanted to deal with cameras and
stuff so B&H is helping us out with that
and yeah like I say it'll all be
documented so you guys will know about
what's happening once we get that far so
we're figuring this out as we go along
guys and we need your help to know what
do you want we've already added some new
rewards we've adjusted things also guys
it's very easy if you've already pledged
to the Kickstarter to change the rewards
you want you can just go back on the
Kickstarter page and see some of the new
things we're doing we also realize that
this movie is a long way off it probably
won't be launched till the beginning of
next year so some of the pledges we
realize you won't get anything back
straightaway
that's why we've added two new rewards
which you'll get sooner so we're doing a
limited edition run of t-shirt full
Beyond Borders we're also doing some
prints of some of our previous
photography but if there's anything else
you guys want us to add please let me
know the comments below anything that
would make this more appealing for you
guys to get involved with we want to
give something back this is all about a
transaction not about you just blindly
donating to us also going just to
clarify is if already back to the
Kickstarter and it
about 15 pounds you will receive a
digital copy of the movie we might not
explain that on the reward system
properly but we're going to clarify that
like I said we're learning as we go so
hopefully we covered everything is not
please ask more questions below we'll
try and get back to you but really it
comes down to we need your help we would
love to make this happen
and we really believe this can be a
positive incredible movie for the entire
world we'll keep you updated with all of
our exciting news peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
