good morning guys a very nice day here
in Cape Town and it's exciting day for
me
we're doing two things one I'm going to
introduce you guys to the LTA team and
show you the offices we have and two we
are doing a surprise baby shower for and
later which yeah I'm going to go and get
some Prison school now you want to get
the little baby outfits lately yeah
everything is like something that could
be for an adult but just super
miniatures but I feel like this isn't
quite for a baby that it's did you
dismiss the kid
but like this is the outfit we got for
when you three to six months so it's
like a little bit older a little bit
more hips your little shoes match and
I'm getting some non-sexist clothes this
is for my little niece let's find
adventure outdoor guided trails could
you the girls are like my like
princesses boy stuff is like hero
adventure so yeah through things that
are made for boys or girls by whatever's
yeah
I want my needs to be an adventurer even
your present I think so maybe we just
bought all the baby things I'll have to
keep everything okay guys we've arrived
at the LC offices okay I've been keeping
this relatively secret from you guys but
basically a few months ago the Upper
Cape Town office though Laura's been
running the UK team and she's been
visiting Cape Town held and set up and
sent through some clips actually a few
months ago when they first arrived here
which I'll show you now so I don't know
if you know that live the adventure and
have a branch in Cape Town South Africa
and we've just moving into an office
space so we sort of redoing it and
redesigning is I'm going to show you
around okay here's our face those pink
for now that we're going to definitely
be painting this the painters are here
today it's a very big light office
because the brick we got some views you
can't really see back there for big
desks because they're going to be four
of us to start and then the team will
grow from here so Louie and Laura and
Rio will be coming I think in March so
they'll probably show you the finished
product when it's all done and beautiful
and wonderful and you guys are welcome
to come and visit us anytime in Cape
Town so if any of you confused why I
have an office basically Libby Adventure
is like the brand I set up it's not just
like t-shirts and stuff but we've set up
an agency to manage other youtubers or
instagramers as well as the
I'm getting in so we're working with
brands we're setting our projects cool
trips away like we did in January the
summit event and loads of other big
projects which you know about.i the
world's light so it's really exciting to
finally having this bigger company
bigger umbrella and having my own team
it's yeah it's really cool and it's the
first time I've been to the office so
we're going to have a little talk the
Laura's been here for three weeks a week
and hopefully can have helping with all
the setup and is about to leave in a
couple of days tomorrow oh my god oh my
god she's got more important things to
do right now
like have a baby yeah this is mixed
company this tutoring company sharing up
expect yeah but you guys you have a mat
coming up gr it Danny
hello zero and putting it all right yeah
oh my gosh it's awesome
yeah I like to leave I like released and
the up desk things as well yeah so we're
doing the healthy thing by standing
while we work and discus and accompany
kick down the kisses as Alice's
beautiful day I mean what a little ugly
things it's like good feel for ya
exorcising work gallery
I'm checkout gallery oh yeah ah
Instagram Prince yeah dry mine Lauren's
and Jax and Ally in Rob's I like it but
the more space that that's new people
this is my office so I've been doing
lots of planning for the year Beyond
Borders
that's as well as I hate your master oh
yeah so guys this is our map so far this
going to change but this is our roof me
and JP are doing in August and the other
good thing about having a team is that
we can plan awesome projects like this
and there's going to be people on the
ground helping like linked with other
brands talk to you know advice about
aviation stuff trying to organize JP's
training finishing that and you know
there's a lot there's a lot to do and
then the whole movie side of it as well
with there's like equipment working
building a bit of production team doing
all the post stuff so yeah it's going to
be a very busy few months leading up to
the trip and yes yeah exciting I'll keep
you guys updated with everything as well
as our office little meeting room that's
why we're lazy can i crush your meeting
say hello yes bro yeah exciting and
sharing an operating company yeah okay
I'm gonna let them get back to work to
season our LA apartment yeah so we've
walked downstairs but I need to show you
guys something this is one of my
favorite things about the office
building here
this is coffee shop in the lobby called
love coffee so this is Tembe he works
here and he's completely dead but they
have set up an instructional video of
how to sign language to order your
coffee and Laura's an expert now she's
been here for a week now
so show us how to do it because this is
different from yeah it makes it
different from the UK so this is just a
cake time okay so you like a single
black American being or black America no
but we want to do that on as well as
they - yeah single yeah americano right
next black oh okay let me try it okay
okay so keys single single nice piece
yeah yeah single guy 30 single American
and then black okay perfect
hey guys there is an instructional video
how's the place in order point of the
menu way we just pointed at the menu I
love coffee so to enterprise that
embraces death culture we train an
employee death bursters and help break
down communication barriers it's really
cool so we quickly stand on the office
for a little celebration thing as other
thing area we've got some gift or a baby
shower and I think makes it a first baby
shower I think she's had the most of the
way yeah it's the fifth baby shower it's
a little adventure but I want yeah we
have Scott
visit your Instagram account maybe what
da okay I'll link the baby below oh
that's perfect
we need you need to take it
we can't let Team fight okay guys we've
spend the afternoon in the office get
some work done doing some more planning
for the world flight and we've now come
down to C point watch a beautiful sunset
Cape Town is famous for its sunset
you're going to be seeing quite a few
over the next few weeks
look at this sky
don't you just love Cape Town sunset
view the waters like slowly right-click
for dinner right we have the most
incredible it is mediterranean
mediterranean meze commerce this Ottoman
pit of flatbread staff artichoke
mushrooms roasted vegetables got some
falafel on the way how good is this I'm
going to mill we're going to let you
film you know I think we need to fold it
all of it how you know how your so to
eat again don't filming because I'm
going to say okay a tool a few days
we've just finished an evening at making
Anders with the team girls are playing
this game which I haven't played yet but
looks like a lot of fun and yeah it's
just in a really nice day it's been
explained to spend some time with
everyone because obviously I'm not
usually based in Cape Town and that's
where the base of operations for all the
live the adventure stuffs been happening
it's good to ya see everyone in action
and also to finally show you guys what's
been happening if you want to hear a
little bit more about it I did a talk at
a photo show last month which explained
a little bit about where live the
adventure started from what I'm doing so
I'll link that it's like an unlisted
video
my channel and yeah like I said earlier
as well it's been really cool having the
team to kind of put work into these
other big project ideas and having
people there too yeah working all the
logistics of things so much behind the
scenes which you guys don't see but even
for me I just sometimes I'm blown away
like wow it is so much work and you'd
have never you know never gets it so
this is you know the world flight is one
of those projects on so many levels
there's so much to organize so so good
that we can start working through some
of it and also just get things so it's
for the final week pushing for the the
Kickstarter if you haven't checked that
out yet I would really love you to get
involved the interview just want to get
the movie in advance get the digital
download ready that would help a lot
we're not too far off target but we just
need to really push this week so I'm
just really excited to create something
that will go far beyond my YouTube
audience but hopefully spread a message
to a much much bigger audience and yeah
has an impact and I'm really grateful
that I've got you guys to help me do
this and I guess doing it together
really is is how I see it but yeah one
week
let's do this alright catch in the
morning peace out enjoy life live
adventure
