good morning guys we have left our hotel
in Nairobi and headed to the outskirts
of town to visit the David Sheldrick
elephant orphanage this morning do you
remember last year me and Raya adopted a
little elephant here and we've come to
see him again
he's around named Otto we're bringing
Jack and Laurence meeting as well
they've actually just had the feeding
time but we're going to go out into the
forest area here and hang out on them
that's another iNDOT oh hey hello hello
hey do you ever up oh my gosh are they
friends how cool is this guy and
daughter that uh oh
you can't know exactly is so cute yeah
skin so like oh and also what wife is
she
they're also party is it from the milk
even and Marvin to be sure to keep
kissing we got to buy the wiser ever
remembers him feel like a proud parent
hey you probably notice the elephants
are really orange because they've been
rolling around in the dirt
what do they say it Protection Team yes
like sense Junior clicking from the
Silent Assassin from bugs its knees
so once agree that so cute hmm are you
doing there
how are you that's how you feeling you
blow in their trunk
alright your trunk hello gonna smell
your breath
yeah high five nice breath don't farting
they made my day this would be like such
an awesome job just hangin out with baby
elephants all day do you love your job
yeah guys this one's injured its trunk
really badly let
oh hey it's looking my hand
oh no that in my hand yeah oh whoa it's
got strong oh oh my god you bit my thumb
so hard oh maybe you shouldn't say your
head is bad but you have a big mouth I
such a strong boy whoops what sequence
name English and Geshe I think after in
daughter and guess it's my favorite only
seven month Oh goodbye I think my bad if
you guys missed my vlog from here last
year highly recommend to go and check
that one out but yeah I just I think
this is amazing
foundation they're doing incredible
stuff and the rehabilitation is their
main goal with the elephants though only
a lot of these little babies have been
rescued from situations and the aim is
to get back out in the wild and some
really sad stories of how they were
found I think in Dokdo was found like
lost from his head he was like kind of
confused walking around with a herd of
goats and we managed to rescue him we've
continued our adoption for another year
hopefully can help fund some more of the
great work happening here or about going
to see max the Rhino the blind rhino he
unfortunately will never be released
back in the wild because he just
wouldn't survive
white rhino black rhino
super blind since birth yes and the
research maybe that dedication to our
mother rejected him how is this one
rested your mother had business nyet
Oh Kim cabinet oh when is a four days
old about one and a half so did the
mother died yeah hey Kiko you go oh wow
get it in the evenings this is where the
elephants come and sleep and then they
have a point of their the guys the
minders the look of the elephant sleeps
up here if they need to bottle feed them
how many how many times in the night
when they need to bottle feed them
everything that the the guide sleep in
here with the elephant yes the elephants
leaks underneath and then the guys sleep
on the bed and then like during the
night the elephant can reach up and wake
them up for food oh okay yeah so we were
just told they're about to launch a new
website where you guys can go in adopt
an elephant if you want like I said the
great cause to get behind and yeah I'm
excited
they just told us the dot and dot is
going to stay for at least another year
so hopefully we can go and see them next
year as well
all right these guys are off to the
airport right hang in there soon
we've still got and like an hour or so
to a motel and then we're heading off oh
I'm such a nice trip wasn't wasn't it
yeah great guys so we've just got time
to grab some lunch before we head off
the chef has just made some zucchini
noodles this isn't even on the menu that
looks so legit it looks like actual
spaghetti yeah you never know not quite
like that this looks so good and this
one spicy and Rhys is not fighting
okay we've had a little holdup Riya
didn't have any like yep change that a
yellow fever jab so let's turn out out
the airport
go and get an injection and I know where
she's gone and I'm just waiting with
their bags hoping we make up fly I think
we need to be through security and ready
to go to like an hour so we've got I
don't know a little bit manic did you
get everything sorted you go do it
we are in Cape Town
quite a long journey to go wire and it's
work that we got name
GPS
Oh got it
can't wait to the command and is
incredibly fragmented like stealing all
right where do you like next week to
week so anyone traveling internally in
South Africa they don't let you take
skateboards or penny board on the flight
so I've always flew in from Kenya the
main beach check it in Johannesburg I
just came off the baggage belt like this
we've arrived going to try bags and
quickly oh yes bruh a good weight not
from lots of months here this is my room
now and now you kicked me out but what
pervades our eyes we think rival sit in
it this will be the baby's favor one
that immediately snug living a project
with you oh my God look hot noodle I
need ammo heavy yeah yeah this is
Instagram wardrobe yeah you can follow
him baby Miller today
yeah we already start the again 100 let
me I was like someone's like baby has an
Instagram account no no he doesn't know
you signed in bill two years yeah all
right we'll get Brando straight away
yeah so like I said earlier in a pretty
long day of travel but I'm so glad we
finally here is so nice if Nick and ash
to pass up especially as she's literally
about to have a baby and we've got this
little area which I stated before so
ourselves outside and we're going to be
here sink
how old are you I'm going for days and
then we're going to be staying an air
B&B
so soon as she like take the time off
we're going to get it like you're making
it sound like we're like taking over it
while she's about to pop we're just here
for a couple days
catch up and then yeah get out for her
to like properly relax
yeah so he's going to we're just going
to hopefully get a few days unless she's
like suddenly going into labor early but
we're going to meet the lids venture
team or bring out Cape Town haven't you
told you guys much better because I
wanted to show you the office and talk
about the whole company in stuff when we
arrived but I do that like in the next
couple of days and it's just going to be
really nice to hang out here and yeah
relax a little bit it's going to be
we're going to be here for at least I
think three weeks without having to fly
somewhere so I enjoy these times and I
just said it well we arrived it feels a
little bit like I'm arriving home in a
weird way because yeah I don't know I
think this is a nice refuge place
alright catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life live adventure
