good morning guys we are out on our last
little game drive before we head back to
Nairobi and this morning we're trying to
find a leopard if you don't go is dawn
at night but we really want to do in
during the day got a couple of hours
maybe we'll get lucky
like blowing twig strongly look at them
all out here crazy
I mean I'm wearing just a bit last night
would be enough set up to hide
definitely yeah I saw it look it's found
a crate admit this after the rain put
after the door it was like back around
the coast yeah we haven't found a
leopard yet that we just got in Marshall
eager in this tree and that eagle is the
master of eagles it's wingspan can be
over two meters long
Wow up to two and a half which is longer
than the door so if it's got out the car
and we're now going for a walk which is
potentially dangerous but not when
you've got the right people with you I
don't thing I do this in my own
even if you know what you're doing when
you do it on your own comes along with
you key safety members of our oh yeah
now go straight free the flip-flops and
that looks like a water back to me
copito see yo yo what's this China and
it looks like a porcupine to me a porky
power half and it's not very clear
they've got quite long feet obviously
the party notices with the claws and the
front but the pets got a long foot and
the pad actually comes all the way back
to here
such a lovely morning I quite like
walking nice net famous beef hash so
happy reddit rain we're taking a little
detour to check out the vegetable
gardens for the lodge here did it quite
a lot of the food you serve come from
here and it goes through stages and
relearning it's not easy business
farming yeah especially in the interview
of semi-arid desert but come on in
come on Humphrey Oh scotch bonnet
chilies
beautiful big flower okay
and as the base of the flower you see
the baby that's a nice guy he's a little
mad for the veggie garden see all the
things they grow it would be nice to
have some land like this at some stage
we'll do this only last year so we're
going to feed the chickens with some
sweet potato leaves so underground
already yeah they not kill miss lemon
the chickens get sufficient attention we
like Mickey and I come up here mostly
you know yeah give them a tickle enjoy
being pampered do you eat these chickens
no they just I got it because
everybody's doing it you can just let
him chop it off some slap like that
that's amazing hey cute a little bit
before but nothing long as got my finger
uh-huh oh it's amazing I didn't know
chickens ate lead baby I'm sorry Lou
they've gotta really miss you okay like
that enjoy unfortunately no Leopard but
still a nice little drive around for
morning activity and ready to breakfast
now
we have packed our stuff about to jump
in the car and head to the little
airstrip nearby thank you
I'm going to miss this place especially
walking up and down this path and seeing
that little dik-diks those little tiny
deer chilling out and they're in the
bushes
that's so cute I'm hoping on the drive
to the airstrip we'll see some more
animals good luck on the way here it was
seeing everything like giraffes
elephants so let's hope so BC a leopard
still holding out a little bit of hope
the other animal we haven't seen yet the
wild dogs and the hyenas
drugged
either dropping someone off or worth
picking up two people before we go to
Nairobi
yeah in my Roby okay so on the way back
from the airport jack looked his phone
and then his taxi and you in fact the
airport he's just arrived back and he
got it broke
I'm so happy for you you oblique in the
way so we're about to head to bed but I
am so excited about tomorrow morning so
those of you that watch my vlogs a year
ago with me my over here we visited the
David Sheldrick foundation and they
basically look after baby elephants and
reintroduce them into the wild and you
can adopt them stuff so we've adopted
this baby elephant called endo and we're
going to go and see him tomorrow morning
after a year of not seeing him and we're
going to take Jack and Lauren and
hopefully get to like play with them and
it's going to be a pretty amazing
morning and then in the afternoon we are
flying down to Cape Town to go and see
Nick announced oh yeah leaving Kenya has
been an amazing week
getting like in the morning peace out
enjoy life liberty adventure
