good morning guys
just gone 6 a.m. and we've come out this
morning to a local village to meet some
of the people here and see some of the
culture this isn't a village that's kind
of catered for tourists this is this is
how people really live out here and a
lot of the people that work at the lodge
these are the villages they've come from
so this is pretty exciting it's worth
getting up for this example a village
and then we have what this sense to keep
what animals from getting into the
village and protect the domestic animals
from getting out how do you say hello in
the local language you say super super
sorry we're going to go in the house and
what's this yes very kind of us actually
you cannot use it to live the good for
my mom's good survivalism
so rise filming a really cool video
today she's basically doing a morning
routine for this village so like she's
looking at different cultures around the
world on how they yes how they do their
morning's and what they do in comparison
to other places so this is cool they
like wake up put the necklace on start
the fire and they come on met with
guides we man hello
why do they keep the babies in their
cage holding Pennell is lost so they let
them out in the day it will take time
for therefore they look at what system
yeah and also we milk them so that they
don't set for their mothers at night
something for the milk to drink in the
morning so that's why we put them there
keep them safe - house is fascinating
they're kind of similar to the mass or
houses I'm guessing this is kind of
compact cow dung but then it's like it's
got like a wall of sticks on the outside
and then they've I guess put this bits
of fabric and plastic and stuff and
cardboard on this on the roof to help it
stay relatively water priests normally
these houses are just powder
go down go down mixing with some ashes
and then we made them onto our houses
and that's the same as the Messiah same
as in Marseilles we are we assessing
food so again why those sticks and
plastic on it little is why we have the
plastic if it helps us move around the
cross is said rose and look it started
crumbling apart yeah and then yeah
that's why you see all the stress that's
why we are losing their follow didn't
say so on
otherwise used to be just couch
you look up to be permitted on the right
yeah that's uh that sort of thing oh
yeah the thing that ties the earring to
the necklace that means she's married
the copper earring may have means that
they are married I guess they renewed a
wedding ring and then if you see you
haven't changed and that means that she
has son to her warriors like the white
and black paint from earring down
sous-vide would be pretty cool yet set
up that chain there dangling down that's
obviously like a sign of respect that
you know you should respect honor
because yeah and then on their hand for
the money ladies they have some metal
thanks you guys then ever been in your
life look what do you think Holly's guys
level tonight
how's the circle there made out of cow
Pat you know that yeah
oh yes they do prefer the stick that
they cure yes
the Jack's got a Polaroid camera with
them and you just click this say own get
four kids what's good what you say what
you say you just oh my god I look so
funny I look like a wild animal
how comes my fan comes out he does nice
things like we're going to come out this
is it these guys are and oh my god let
me send the drone up now and I don't
know whether some people have ever seen
a drawing before so you might be kind of
after the baby goats have had their
morning feed they put them back in here
so they don't follow the herd of goats
out how are you guys doing Matt so don't
worry guys the baby goats don't get kept
in there in the little fence cage all
day the kids actually take them out so
this is I guess how they practice goat
herding so they're going out together
and a little head of baby goats young
shepherd in training so I don't know if
I've told you guys yet but the name of
this tribe is the Samburu did you
remember last year we went down to the
Masai tribe and it's kind of similar
there's some similar tradition but yeah
this is Sam Bowie and we're in northern
Kenya right now it's a slight different
area but I do think there's Maasai up
here as well because it's kind of
nomadic yeah
man one morning bye-bye bye good bye
good bye all right
heading up for breakfast what an
incredible experience you guys like that
yeah it's just so happy they love the
Gambia yeah I feel a little bit bad
sometimes like showing them that level
of technology like the little maverick
like I'm blown away by that
yeah I grew up with technology these
kids must be like what yeah
well we've been chillin for the rest of
the morning managed to get a little bit
of sunbathing in just grab some lunch
and now there is an epic storm rolling
in over the valley just hear the Thunder
over there I've got a feeling we're
going to get another big downpour of
rain any minute
so you just love being inside when it's
like stormy and rainy outside especially
like a tent you feel all cozy guys look
how much the river is flowing now oh my
gosh
is not
if I just heard a scorpion
somewhere maybe is this a dangerous
scorpion or yes a venomous I guess
what's your one off when you look at a
scorpion okay it's got two places that
can hurt you the front end the pincers
that can bite you know venom and then
the tail which has got the sting which
can obviously envenomate you if you look
at the Scorpion I'm just going to try
and gently remove these two exact it's
got a very big tail in comparison to its
body sizes almost as thick as its body
you know is its principles a very
toothpick like they're very dainty sit
it's like a knife and fork so this one
the dangers packing at the back and the
sting if this was to sting you it could
hurt you maybe three four times a bee
sting as a rough gift for this specific
species so unfortunately riah haven't
been feeling too well this afternoon so
she's been resting up and we did manage
to get some dinner and now she yeah
trying to keep it off I think she should
be okay probably just because we haven't
been sleeping a lot the last few days
we've been up very early every morning
and we're getting up early again
tomorrow morning before I sign out
though so yes so
the weather has cleared up quite a bit
almost got a clear sky my plan is I'm
going to wait until the moon sets which
may be in a few hours and then I want to
do a star lapse I'll probably set a
tripod up over here and yes give and get
some cool shots of the stars if I manage
to do it guys I'll play it now to get
out so hopefully that was successful let
me know what you think
I love doing star lapses I'm always
looking for the opportunity to do them
even if it means staying up hours to to
get it done and yeah unfortunately this
is the last night we have here at the
lodge it's been an incredible stay we've
got to see a lot of things that we are
doing one last game drive tomorrow
morning so hopefully we get to see a
leopard in the day that would be my
dream some of the other guys staying
here managed to see one this morning on
their game drive so let's hope so let's
hope we see one and yeah are we falling
asleep to the sound of the roaring river
this is beautiful guy did you ever get a
chance to come out Kenya I highly
recommend it catching the morning peace
out
enjoy life live the adventure but
