good morning guys I am back in the UK
it's very exciting day today I've
arrived at the photography show in
Birmingham which happens to be the
biggest photo show in Europe and I'm one
of the keynote speakers though I'm
heading now to do it for a little bit
nervous but we've been preparing for the
last few days with Laura also comic-con
happening here so I've got my talk
around there by coughing the comic on
its account
the power social photography Here I am
going on a super stage guys look at this
venue this is 500 feet here and this
thing's I don't know how many people are
coming but I'm really nervous I've got
to read you think I'm going to do okay
Laura okay this is what it feels like
being on stage oh my gosh okay so I'm
not going to use this podium mic I'm
actually going to get one of the headset
so I can scroll around I'm going to have
a slide show I can see here going up on
the screen well same thing applies
rehearse quiet enough so I think it's
going to be alright guys I think I'm
gonna
and then I'm going to put I grew up in
the suburbs of stories in a very
creative family and right from the start
gained a passion for photography and
cameras from my dad this is me my dad on
as younger in fact cameras of such a
central part of my family that when my
parents got married
instead of taking a wedding ring my dad
asked my mum to buy him a camera
Along Came funforlouis and started
thinking this was an opportunity for me
to travel the world and not to share
about one tiny strange aspect of my life
but all of the things I'm doing and
exploring the world and so I realized I
can use this platform and the power it
has to inspire people to go and have
their own adventures so I decided to
make videos every single day of my life
like a little video diary odd you know
carry a camera around it began it began
with a very small camera and I was just
kind of share a bit about my life and
what I was up to and who I was hanging
out with and on that journey I coined
the phrase this is my little slogan that
I sign out my videos peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure and that was
my personal message to my audience that
was building all of these guys here
create content online whether it's video
or a lot of these guys that instagramers
and it made sense to me I've got this
team who have just really honed in these
skills and learned some really hard
lessons about what works and what
doesn't work
and I'd love to be able to support other
people in doing that and expand the team
and build it away from just Sun to Louie
so we've set off of social media travel
management agency could live the
adventure I now have seven employees a
cape town office and a London office and
this is just this has been the most
exciting transition for me okay guys my
talk is over I think I pulled it off
like it can be a few rumors but overall
pretty hat
yeah a very new experience for me I'm
not used to doing things out my coffin
so far that was good and now I'm doing
like a little interview now with some
people I don't know who the photographer
EJ did it you have just come off the
stupid stage where you've been talking
about the power of social photography
what is it about I talked about I guess
my own journey that's why I'm getting
this knowledge from on my own social
journey is what is possible when you're
posting online and watch what things can
happen from it and I talk about building
a career building a business but also
the positive impact and Emily was like
and the social impact you can have and
yes what I want to do to harness that
power to be good in the world live the
adventure is is a thing that you're
working on at the moment comes more
about that so last year after years of
kind of doing my own self response Louie
posting on my own channels I just
thought what's the next step to me what
do I really want to do I want to build
something beyond myself you know my
name's in the title of what I'm doing
and it dawned on me let's build a
collective of of other travel creators
and essentially with all the experience
we've learned with managing brand deals
and stuff we can also run that as like a
creative agency like a management
company okay so we have a bunch of other
kind of travel creators now on board and
yet what we call it lived adventure and
it's a lot more than just a management
company but we want to be doing kind of
impactful trips we're going out to
Borneo in May to highlight some of the
deforestation problems happening out
there we're going to an orangutan rescue
center and yeah we just want to be doing
users platforms to do really good things
as a bigger group and our wider audience
yeah so I've just been hanging ours
Molly and Christie we've been filming
some videos of their channels to link
below but you just rushed out the pit
next door like a vest earlier at Comic
Con is happening and how to do a
stormtrooper procession through the
photography show those are legit
Kosta Koufos I would not say to this
today
my goodness and really want to high-five
a thorn tree provide I know it's gonna
happen
high five high five yeah this is this is
great this is so gross let's look over
the predator
okay that was pretty crazy guys I'm
scrolling over the Sony booth now I'm
going to meet other people and then
hopefully I'll get hard to wander around
the team some of the other gadgets
stands here like all the brand's are
here today apparently few that might be
like announcing new product releases I'm
very excited okay guys I've just found
this incredible company called lungi
this is Riley
he's just been talking to me about how
amazing these products are and they saw
excites me if you put them on a drone
and this joy to fly and they trailer
back here it's just taken by the fan for
flying with these lights on so I've got
a little pack of lights on there take
these on my travels and test them out
thanks very stage bag don't keep I'll
keep you guys posted and yes I love
finding new tech I love it these events
I'm just like the kid in the candy shop
the guys it's coming to the end of the
day and I just bumped into Kai and his
team of friends and if you bought any
camera tutorial and his point in your
life you probably recognize this guy
from the digital web stuff he's doing
his own thing now and these guys go and
check them now in the description we're
trying to plan to do some kind of
collaboration video a triple something
Buddha's body suggestions please comment
below maybe try it out some new gear you
got any ideas I've got them brewing
and what what are you doing is to update
my audience what's your plan what you're
doing on your channel is working alone
channel speaking out in just in between
single plug-in system this is a bit
extreme as the vlogging start bar now
that's exciting bro and it's
disappointing me we've been talking for
loyal yeah and we finally connected so
what to say I'm not sure but no matter
Janos yeah okay guys are just nuggets
there believe it is this it's a 2000
mill then oh my gosh that's incredible
that's probably weighs more than
everything I ever take with me
travelling
we there go we've got a train at eleven
an hour about the hotel global stuff
understand if I stick around longer but
been a minute Bombay in front of them
I've had a good time
I've learned Alpha Gamma Keith on yes
Cameron you know all those you know you
know of a leader then I'm gonna get that
census and very nice yeah it looks good
so we managed to grab our back to my
room and runs the train station I like
gripping now
oh-ho-oh but we made our train for like
10 minutes the league including back to
London now
well I am now back down and sorry I'm
staying with my parents this week what
I'm back in the UK today was a very
special day to me guys because that was
the first real talk I've ever done for
any significant amount of time I hope
you enjoyed it if you didn't check out
the full version of the talk because I
let the key snippets in today's vlog but
I will link that below unlisted you can
go and check that out and yeah I'd love
to know what you think and how I can
improve my public speaking it's
something I'd like to do more of and
yeah it would be cool to share a bit
more of my life on a stage and yeah I
don't know I like pushing out my comfort
zone so it's been enjoyable Wednesday
I'm going down to hang out with Zoe and
Alfie and I think Joe and some others
and yeah it's just I'm going to make the
most of my time back in the UK before
jetting off again I'll catch you guys in
the morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia venture but
