Oh
good morning guys is our first proper
morning in for sub it's just gone 6 a.m.
and we are headed out on that Safari
Drive and the Sun is rising it's so warm
it's just so beautiful hopefully we can
find some amazing animals honestly some
lions today how you guys doing didn't
sleep well
Oh
Boyd's lies they're pretty camouflage
they like
Oh everything baby lines before
he's calling out because the others left
them you'd like mom I'm scared is well
scary when you're a kid then you lose
your parents did you see baby lines at
the last place
yeah no way
it's when there's like a big pride of
them that's when they like properly
playing and you're like we're trying to
find somewhere awesome breakfast it's
pretty cool because it's like I think we
just connect stop somewhere and
literally throw off right there elephant
the other side of the road barking this
is the first tiny bit of River I see
were you kicking yeah well I just hang
gage yeah oh yeah this looks amazing
we just finished our breakfast we're
continuing on our game drive what's
incredible guys is it's only just on 9
a.m.
normally I'm not even awake by now we've
already done so much it's just stop
guides is a lion right there chillin in
that village so beautiful
trying to figure out how safe is this
place Lauren have you ever seen a line
that's like I don't think we have much
of a chance of it decided to stay for us
no no you come today yeah it's looking
straight that way
it's about it's a bad idea okay
I'm coming down Oh totally cut admission
so interesting watching like a family of
animals
just like living life they just get you
know they're just playing with a kid and
like finding food it's like seeing it's
like seeing a whole society because
sometimes it like a herd of animal you
don't really get like the interaction
whether these guys you should be much
squabbling and helping each other and I
think because also you can see the
resemblance in human I don't see that
yeah you kind of stick we all like it
similar relationship some of them are
more dominant what these monkey called
blackface monkeys oh my gosh she's so
chill the guy lying down yeah I want
that and I can we just trained all the
monkeys to Masada oh yeah
that at the Lord
whoa it's crazy that I'm it's lunchtime
so those have an entire day already
Italy so good
is it Pizza delicious
I'm not usually a fan of salad but hot a
mother
Yeah right we're learning how to ride a
quad bike
a 2003 Yemenites kantha
Oh
the Haggadah mud how heavy they owe is
because I'm on the tree trunk
ah this is saving fun in this stainless
but oh my gosh you get like power slide
through the sand
we're giving you to mess it around and
they've got their quad bike stuck
together
are you enjoying Araya
you can't hear what you're saying which
is getting better and better the more to
get used to it
ah
this is all for us while you see that
lightning cable that lining is probably
not a good sign
considering recovered out with a no
waterproofing this is awesome so this is
very sleeping how fun is this sitting
down for dinner I'm sorry I gotta go
really say amazing did you definitely
love the proof this time no there's no
way I could get through this we have
just been chatting for about four hours
it's now midnight and we're going to be
climbing into our little tense but I'm
so happy to be sleeping out tonight I've
wanted to do this for so long
this is still kind of luxury like we got
served in a table and stuff but it's
just nice to be sleeping outside and
hearing these noises listen yeah this is
cool
I kind of like the element of danger
that there's like leopards sneaking
around around here as well right
tomorrow we're going to be heading off
and visiting some villages nearby and
yeah learning about some local cultures
and traditions and stuff should be
pretty amazing and yeah I'll catch in
the morning I don't think we're waking
up as early but I'm going to be riding
the quad bikes back it should be pretty
fun peace out enjoy your life just
adventure
boom
