good morning guys
I've arrived in Kenya we're in Nairobi
I've met with Raya it's been a long time
we haven't seen each other for a month
we're finally back together reunited and
we're about to jump on a small plane to
a place called Samburu I think it is
about to me out with Jack and Laura and
our friends we're heading off on Safari
can we all but we're not allowed to take
all our bags because have small the
plane is so you have to leave some
luggage
these planes it's so tiny
I ever feel this way guess it was only a
kiss hello Lois Hey
so you get off the plane and they will
the other people in the plane to go to
the next flight
together two riverbed so what month is
this a river so this is rainy season now
we have spied an elephant oh is that a
male he is a monk this is one of the
biggest elephant extremist like come on
Anna what's it like being a first
African elephant going maybe it is over
Larry hey Larry I'm Scott hi nice to
meet you that's me yeah I just finished
a delicious lunch we're going over here
to meet a little bit big and like tiny
little antelope
you're watching a stomach it's a greedy
bird little and then that's a little
baby with a tiny horn that Larry's
feeding okay baby he's a little bit
nervous you it thank you I didn't know
their nose is gonna love it
it is yes tactic to get close cabbage
from the camera
those little dick pics are so cute
amazing
got some Winkle scott coffee as well and
we're now getting shown to our rooms
this is an amazing view we're like on
top of the hill and yeah quite a bad
drought right now so the river bed
totally dried up but they were saying
there might be a chance in the next few
days that we'll get some rain and then
we'll see the river appear it's warm
really nice
Wow
we have our own pool what Wow a little
work area a double shower is also open
as well yeah this is ultimate lamping
family of warthogs all the babies in the
back and it's two camels there's like
running around
honey look thank you just in case you
thought our are like greeting of Roya
after mother not seeing her was a little
bit like nonchalant earlier we have
spent two days together before starts
logging again so as soon as I got to
know Robi we just took off and it's very
nice I don't think we're going to leave
it a month again a lot of you been
asking whether we've broken up and we
definitely haven't broken up for just
for some stupid reason we just had
things happen which meant we didn't see
too
we'll make sure that get back together
and this is like did you just say this
is the best logic data we've only just
got here and this is unbelievable I just
spotted the rain on the horizon that is
not just like the clouds are just opened
up and in that case maybe you'll see the
river fly let's fan out there
banks no worries right off to take a
little game drive to find some animals
let's avoid the rain can we avoid the
rain or are we going to get wet okay
good maybe this
jacocks keeping an eye out for the
leopard look at that camel
okay we're using the drone to try and
find the leopard because the monkeys are
going crazy again to the leopard
somewhere around there we can actually
find her the dryer off over there yes
mr. Jarrah you guys pick a dress oh
you're excited as we were you need rest
I still there's like where the most
interesting in my photogenic
it does look a little bit annoyed me get
ready to go ready to drive bye guys we
have finally found a leopard oh my gosh
Oh beautiful he's so beautiful this road
is crazy if this even a rope it kind of
looks like a road throw it back good
what time is it dinner time thank you
okay easy dinner is over I'm back in a
tent we had some pretty deep heated
discussions about some of the problems
in Africa with the wildlife and
conservation and habitats being
destroyed and stuff they pretty full on
very important issues yeah it's not too
late actually I'm gonna do a bit of
editing but we have to get bed
relatively soon because I have committed
to getting up at 5:30 in the morning I
don't usually do those kind of times in
the morning but it's going to be so
worth it for the sunrise and yeah the
wildlife we're going to see it's yes
safaris of some of the only things I
want to get up that early for and yeah
going to be incredible hopefully we'll
see another leopard at some point I love
scene letter tonight but yeah I'm just
super happy to be here and really
looking forward to the next few days
this is such an incredible spot and even
for me like the evenings here are just
really warm this is quite different from
the Masai Mara where we were at
and it's also great to be here with Jack
and Lauren as well right catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life lizzieadventure
boom
