good morning guys I've taken the last
few days off the weather's been pretty
bad we did make it out yesterday
afternoon on the slopes but it was
chucking it with rain and I can really
get the camera out but we are heading
out this afternoon well late morning
early afternoon some of the others went
out very early but I just didn't sleep
well last night so I thought just rest
and you know that's the big thing of
this whole trip is just being up to rest
and start the year off well anyone with
Bridgette Steve and Riya and we're we're
gonna squad up today I'm just gonna take
it easy of these guys apparently today
is 5 out of 5 avalanche warning which is
super rare and I think it's gonna be
alright and the peace but anything off
peace is super dangerous so we're going
to be careful I brought out the big
selfie stick today to do some cool GoPro
shots I've also got the GoPro fusion the
360 camera but tomorrow is gonna be
sunny
apparently something and I'm gonna take
that out tomorrow and we've actually
extended our flights to leave later in
the day so we can get it running in the
morning yeah I have to get up early
tomorrow
it's gonna be fun hanging out today
isn't it we haven't got to like ski
together yet
before we head down we get some
picturesque
shots at the top of the mountain this is
really nice it's a much clearer day
today
the guy's his low warning sign Avalanche
hazard like his said earlier Smalley is
on a five bitch now drop down to a three
if the other the five have not been a
not being cool we stopped at the top of
the mountain
we've just finished lunch we have some
chips and C and then I've I've said but
each day the gondola closed is that a
certain time I think like half for us so
we're gonna try make it down the
mountain to be able to get the last
gondola back up so we get two more runs
in hopefully
it's been fun hanging out these guys
today I think the girl has been doing
really well considering they're
beginners I think how many times have
you been before yeah so basically
beginner again okay let's do it and
Steve's also killing it you're getting
those that carving down well bro all
right let's hit it
heading back to the chalet unfortunately
we didn't get one more run in so we just
had the last to understand it was fun
it's nice it's cool just chilling with
these guys we're out the hot tub we're
around the dinner table now last evening
together after dinner Dave Andy and
Emily are heading off driving back to
the UK we're all flying tomorrow it's
gonna be nice having one last meal
together it's the Last Supper one of you
will betray me go cheers cheers Cheers
the final cheers it's probably this
probably isn't the final tears oh oh oh
cheers got it got it all right what are
you saying Dave best moment of the trip
twice by accident
I landed on my face from flippin to your
face about it and I think my favorite
was actually last night at the top of
the slope when we had the beers and and
everyone kept filtering in and then the
music was playing ub40 it was like cool
tunes and then there was a nice French
guy behind the bar and everybody the
thing I loved the most was they gave us
a free bed and they yes and what I loved
the most was everybody was buying
everybody else everything like every
time somebody else added in somebody
else looked after them and we all I felt
like we just had a good community going
yeah generally say we just rinsed it
down as well which was great New Year's
Eve on the dance floor that was a great
moment that was a great moment
I think the food need to mention the
pitching style
yeah yeah and the floors for the food we
haven't been showing you all the food
but it's all been incredible I think
some of the best meals we've ever had
it's gonna be tough to come downstairs
well I mean just the hot tubs been
incredible moments in the hodza I think
we were saying on the first night being
in the hot tub creates an environment
where you've got your put your phone
away you know and you're not thinking
about anything you're just relaxing and
it creates an open space for goods good
chance so yeah what does be great and
jumping in the snow as well I wouldn't
normally do that I don't think you'd be
able to tell honestly like it was you
are killing it today yeah same is Steve
same as Steve first time snowboarder
this is electable cubes of delight can
you tell us what what's for dinner yeah
carrot puree with purple sprouting
broccoli and a celeriac fondant with a
balsamic dressing so and what about the
meteors so the meat eaters are all
having our butternut squash puree mashed
potatoes also the purple sprouting
broccoli and a lovely braised cheek of
beef with a red wine sauce nice my
dessert has just been served
Dave how would you describe your dessert
guys we are playing old retro games we
found some website like Sega Megadrive
emulators this is amazing
yes punching or you punched me bro
the music is just so good sandy Dave and
Emily have headed off most of the guys
have got an earlier night tonight
because tomorrow's our last day and
we're gonna be heading out early I think
we've decided to head out at I think
half eight from here which is like two
or three hours earlier than I have been
maybe three hours earlier but I want to
make the most of the last morning I've
just come into a little cabin I don't
know if I've shown you this guy's this
is the little cabin outside the main
house and Ian ryr a big staying in I
think I've shown you from the outside
the hot tub is literally right here with
a view of the mountain and I think you
see that oh and yeah there's the main
house but anyway it's all my spare time
we're just packing our stuff trying to
get some of my editing done it's quite
hard to get anything done when you're in
a big group of people but something I've
realized this week is this is more like
how I want to live full time like with
friends in a bigger community maybe a
bit more kind of or various living room
areas and spaces just kind of spread it
out a bit more but I love this idea of
not just living like this when you're on
holiday together
but yeah more of a permanent kind of
lifestyle of living with friends so
that's the that's the plan at some stage
and maybe like I've said numerous times
kind of going from different bases
around the world but I love the idea of
these little community
so yeah I've been chatting quite a bit
especially with Dave he's doing some
experiments and has been with kind of
community and what that looks like in in
the digital age and global communities
and stuff lots of lots of very
interesting things to think about anyway
I'm gonna get some sleep I'll catch you
guys in the morning for our last day in
the Alps and then back back to the UK
for a little bit peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
