hey this is Elizabeth from Havana in
Cuba and you're watching fun for Louie
good afternoon guys me and JP is still
in New York is a horrible day today but
we are in a good mood because we're
about to meet with B and H the camera
store see over there
you've probably seen my vlogs when I go
in there and I'm like a kid in a candy
store running around getting equipment
anyway we're meeting with them and
they're going to be helping us with the
world flight and yeah just linking us
with the right people showing us the
right equipment we need to make this
movie happen so yeah we can't wait to
show you guys the journey right here's
Michael from B&H yeah it's a rainy day
at net how you feeling today JP yeah
the country no you know a company's
legit when they present you with this oh
my gosh right this could be this could
be an exciting partnership guys we need
cinema quality cameras that can fit in
the plane and we're not you know they're
not like this big I think they're
ourselves and we do have so makers in
the nation or something yeah filmmakers
we want to take classes as well me and
JP need to learn a bit more about
recording audio in a good way and what
mics we need to the fly and we need to
like rig the cockpit up in a particular
way so we can get all the best shots and
but also retardant way the plane down so
there are lots of things about and I
think these are the guys that help us
and we're doing this Kickstarter to
raise money for the movie right and what
are the things we want to spend some of
that money in is getting a team of other
filmmakers or you know a cameraman
director to certain points throughout
the trip and they would probably have
you know the highest end more bigger
cameras and some of that so we don't
have to take those on the flight with us
we can't we can't weigh it down with all
the big agreement but maybe there'll be
a few locations around the world where
we know there's an amazing story there's
going to be something you know awesome
for them to come capture so we'll fly
our session or people to just to kind of
improve that contra duction quality air
and get it kind of to the standards that
we would be able to show it cinemas yeah
we had a good meeting we are now hopping
into the store just before it closes
right leave our stuff there we're going
to go in to check out some of the
equipment and things we might need is
always so exciting coming in here which
we go first JP I think we should going
to check out a cinematic camera all
these guys here look at these so many
choices
we throw down the plane
I've never used a slider in any of my
vlog even get an amazing shot with it
okay so this is the Sony FX 5 this
shoots 120 frames 4km know what they
said yeah and it's a it's lightweight
enough to take it on the plane going to
be a lot of figuring Alice's so you'll
never blow them something this big but
really for the movie this is gonna be
perfect
well lenses are now a lot into 105 but
this is the cinema length so you can
zoom using the button oh wow or when you
feel look a solicitor we might need to
get a gimbal like a Rowan in a favor
body itself is only found after love put
this monitor here here or here if any of
you guys have used this camera I would
love to know what you think of it below
like leave a comment if you think this
is going to be higher and I ended up
roughly making Ruby standard stuff that
could go in cinema right bills going to
show us some of the mic but we might not
be able to test them right now so we're
looking at making a movie and we want to
look at as kind of the best mics we
could use portably to capture stuff on
there out in the field out in the field
yeah out on the field right that's the
markings like portable so depending on
the best audio quality best audio
quality right now is probably going to
be something like 2 for 16 what's the
best portable recorder we can get we're
looking at we're making a documentary so
I need something small compact on the
girl you can look at a two different
recorders so look at the sound devices
going to be the 633 is up in the 3035
hundred dollar range if we're doing
interviews and stuff we'd run the lab
mode yeah we were just calling oh yeah
right through those our mixers and
recorders all built into one Wow perfect
everything you see done on television
yet please in a 416 well I notice a
little bit of blue noise yeah I mean 2
is peaking at the fans or figure yeah
nice address I can kind of tone that
down a little I can also roll off a
little bit of or when done it to get rid
of that so maybe we to look at a
lightweight beam pole as well well we'll
probably have to get a second person to
our tweet yeah sound basis circuit as
good as it gets
this is the best one is as good as it
gets and as you can see the price tag
reflection
it's not like we need guys n2h4 16 if
you look at ladies solution corner dig
think about that was all the singing and
the vocals were shot in real time and
they were out with the 460 really oh wow
that's good tonight all right I'm gonna
head out
golden it read yeah really nice there
you go thanks again for all the help
we'll be in touch yeah yeah bye bro bro
bro bro so go try to get talking to baby
bar now ji I've never been there enjoy
office
warning photographer if another loved it
testing isn't working just doing a
little flight
or I could get this one what do you
think guys right we've just finished our
last meeting of the day in this place
mechanism and yeah we both need to head
off suit for our flight JB's head on off
first to Newark then I'm going to JFK in
like an hour to need a hand with your
stuff you get a lot of leaving all right
later bro in a month been a good has
been a very good week clear right
like I said I'm going to be here for
another hour and then I'm heading up to
actually kind of looking for the gang
outlet whether I'm heading to Kenya via
Amsterdam
and I just found out today that mariah
is going to be meeting me in Amsterdam
so she's like la so we're going to be
reunited like a month of being apart
it's been a pretty tough last minute
I've arrived at the airport I'm heading
to the business class lounge to do a bit
more
editing maybe different spoon pretty
hungry and then I'm flying to Amsterdam
and then on to Kenya so two very long
flight I'm very glad I'm going to have
to sleep okay I'm going to get some
snacks for the flight let's take a
cheeky banana maybe at all thank you so
much
how many Mayo is this 71 K thank thank
you
upstairs upstairs what I think I've ever
been up thanks Wonder flight I'm heading
down for damn it's been an amazing week
in New York is called bring Laura out
and for me her and JP Downton full
meetings about living adventure and
amount of light in the movie amazing to
meet the B and H guy today and start
planning some of the practical stuff
we're going to need to happen yeah super
exciting and it's so cool to be able to
bring you guys in the journey with us
every step of the way again if you
haven't already check out the
Kickstarter campaign we've been adding
some new perks and some of the new
rewards you guys especially be the big
of rival celebration weekend in November
of this year so head over checked out
if next week's going to be pretty cool
I'm going to be meeting drier tomorrow
reuniting and and then we're going to be
meeting Jack and Lauren do you travel
when gypsy laughs and explore in Kenya
going on an amazing safari trip and yeah
and then we're having another Cape Town
and meeting up with a gang we're going
to be seeing the live the adventure
offices for the first time I can't make
sure you guys those and yeah it's just
really exciting time I'm really happy
and
Bloods did my life is good thank you
being a possibility
in self-injury life
