good morning guys
beautiful day here in the UK we're in
Leatherhead a place called Newbury Park
and I come out with my grandpa
we'll just manage to grab a coffee and
now we're going for a little stroll
she's just chilling right now
there's no cut free what down here
ground pirates and Prem raise it yeah
y'all since you please so these are the
flowers that I had a little nibble of at
Dave's in dayz woods he said they're
edible they take little like that to
come out well as a very pleasant little
walk some of the wild flowers amazing
sometimes figuring out that there's
places you've never been in that a very
near where you grew up
educational morning
so I just jumped in the minibar and I'm
showing the ark without
thank you so much if you're say flying
and we good there thank you
today I am flying to New York
unfortunately after waiting for a week
my sister Hillary still hasn't had a
baby so I think I'm going to miss being
around when it's gone but hopefully I'll
be back - it's going to be a good week
though the main reason I'm going out
because Samsung and Casey are having a
launch event and yes it invited me out
and then I've got a few other meetings
and yeah very excited you go back to
America
I think there's loads of youtubers going
out there the three three three three
films before I go through and get a
little coffee and with Laura there has
been a little bit of a mix-up with the
tickets so we just wait to find out how
Laura's getting New York and derivative
we don't go to so play I played my dad
aborted - beep
with when does our sporting clothes it
closes later the point is to go to
security community for because they yeah
close well I am very relieved you have
standing in a ticket desk or a good 15
20 minutes trying to figure out what
today and it's all resolved now and also
this is the first time Dora it's lying
business are than that
are you excited the lounge yeah
private and I'll see how to live it a
little done business article where this
is this is a seat where Laura can set so
we can and this table fall down and we
can have dinner together
how cool look that's very cool enjoying
your something I feel ready and my
little little face managed to relax I
offer the very precipice of
Saurus do anything for lunch
this is like too
they're funny it's pretty close enough
kids or
there is talking today with a butternut
squash salad with a lemon oil drizzle
- oh man check this down
and you have a full bed the little
mattress topper
nice overall
well they didn't enter welcome to New
York's JFK the local time here is kind
of the court must do in the afternoon
Wall Street after the gate please keep
your seatbelt fastened until the captain
has turned off the bus
Oh
guys we have just taken our backs to our
room and I just got a very exciting text
from my dad saying Uncle Louie just
doesn't exciting take some atoms like
this is husband baby has just been born
it's a girl you have a knee and then he
signed it off dad in brackets grandpa so
I've finally I'm an uncle of the way go
in a week she had a baby the day I flew
to New York so that is really exciting
but unfortunately I don't think I'm
gonna get to see the babies like a month
which it that is annoying but I'm so
glad gives me also like Luton Town
Bradley hey
when do you fly in a couple of days ago
I flew in I get in last night yeah yeah
yeah
you looking forward to the event yeah
I'm super excited super nervous and got
a roll in it that I don't know what it
is yet so we'll find out we'll find out
together yeah there's a lot of like
secrecy but it's kind of exciting so
I'll let you guys know it soon as we
know anything but it's going to be the
next few days there's a ton of cool
things going on and a lot of cool people
coming down yeah there's a lot of big
youtube you can stuff in there I was
like checking industry I keep taking one
of their first coming and I dragon like
sure enough there are not quite on the
way so yeah there's going to be a big
event and party tomorrow night but we're
just kind of going to be mingling till
then so check out my room I'm going to
be sharing this with JP unfortunately is
that his flight was like seven hours
delayed from LA so he's supposed to be
with us now we're going to head to a
meeting but he'll be a king like getting
and I guess like crazy earlier the
morning um yeah this will be our little
cozy bed for next few days it's
definitely going to be cozy but cozy
with a view it's pretty amazing when
those clouds clear over there as well
that will be kind of the bottom of man
Han you going to see some a lot of the
big skyscrapers okay we've done our
meeting we're now heading to some kind
of event really don't know what it is I
found a whole rabble of people Tom's
here this is Alexa Alexa like Alexa
Alexis and yeah just being a lot of
people we just met up with Jesse as well
he's coming down
and yeah it is there this is the event
name the rest of us people like you who
do what you can
I'm sorry
and this idea of you can i think is so
intrinsic to this new generation of
creators that are coming up right now
they're defining sort of this generation
but tomorrow night is about that idea so
that the idea do you can't it right it's
about it is why fans we invited all
these creators here tonight is because
tomorrow night is is is to be a night
that celebrates this idea of doing what
you can and in finding your space in the
creative world
okay we've dug out the party really well
it's pretty loud I always get report
void I have conversation so we're in
some crazy gallery wait is brave to in
the middle what I saw was very little
occasion everywhere launching is a wall
of vagina what is going on here
this is so trippy what is this why
people look for hidden meaning yeah I
want to know I don't really know hidden
meaning I want to know why what do you
want to know what they were thinking
yeah what were they want my
interpretation you just did ha ha I'll
walk around in the grass on a money
I think JP has finally got here after
quite a traumatic day apparently JB tell
us what happened today bro all right
well first of all I didn't quite know
that I had a flight until I woke up so
and 3 a.m. I like having wake up and go
to the airport the vagabrothers were
legends they let me stay at their place
and then got on the plane everything was
fine I was flying business club I never
fly business class I was so stoked and
then just as we were testing out the
right engine cut a little some vibration
when I cut and then you know it was like
alright we need to get off the plane
everybody gets off and two hours later
we will get on again and then the same
thing happens but we all get off again
and then like an hour later we will get
on again long story short we wanted off
four times and then they finally decided
to get a new plane and like 10 hours
later and it was supposed to be I
finally got here and then I ordered an
uber and I was standing on the side of
the road and as we were pulled in he
hits an old lady in her car like right
in front of me and I had to order
another Ohio Jones worst day ever
so he's finally here and that hopefully
can relax a little bit right I'm heading
to sleep guys I will touch in the
morning I'm pretty excited to see what
Samsung is releasing and yes can be a
lot of fun with everyone but I'm out I'm
tired
ready to sleep peace out enjoy
the adventure the
