hi I'm Stephanie and I'm from Orlando
Florida and I'm at the top of the temple
of the Sun God and help sauce I agree
with disbelief and you're watching fun
to enjoy good afternoon guys
we have made our way down to Brighton
today because we're doing a photo shoot
and the live the adventure t-shirts and
sweaters and stuff
we're meeting up with Alfie and very
enjoy because we're selling all of that
stuff on Alfie creator store we're going
to head in now and then I've got some
exciting me Holly later on Laura's
joining me today and in Laura only
lovely those who elevated on weight to
the doors open it
hey there bright ladies
yes nice been a long time in it this is
your she works like little adventure for
brands that you like running that
go ahead meet you oh yes Elsie ah right
oh yeah yeah good
hey Zoe okay we're setting up now for my
shoot I'll be very enjoyable is done
there we just figured out whether to
shave or not if you guys reckon your
lovely Louise option was to shave and
then if he doesn't like it go back and
kind of can't do that have you not got
our lot it's all that laying down we do
know what we're using to premieres I
don't see the political touch we have
got - well let's get on them you know I
don't really want to tell get beautified
oh yeah there's a good man
don't we understand me this way you've
never traveled I think makeup is like
one of those worlds that unlike the
least connected - I have no clue what
this cord is this called blusher you
should have done it to yourself either
your own makeup or the products are
there get to my line online Tata
yesterday hey Chyna this is the most
useful one bro do you never wear their
names I know you joke obvious very and
every woman never powder
oh because then you'd only shiny on your
blog no I'm not saying you look shiny in
your all you have a very shiny boy
yeah those eyebrows shudder Louise
getting a straight town officers buy all
the stuff you years sitting my new
morning routine D I'm gonna make a
morning routine there like a new man
going over look at him ever feel
fabulous we're ready to roll boys and
everyone has a creative store of got
their shirts and things here they look
saga lies got heaven stuffy driving
later his ability better tank top
t-shirt well as a clingy hoodies and
sweaters along there have all on model
them that we've got price over here
together a nice shot
son and of the fire chief Louise love in
the model end
that's Managua easy make sure all the
clothes now we're going on for some of
the other things phone cases laptop case
and the notepad trying to figure out the
best angle to shoot it would reckon
happy holding it here and good I think
hold Mitch recycle okay yeah we want to
do this thing again
all right heaven is here done is photo
shoot and now he's teaching Laura how to
play where this game follows nipple
clips on the middle index which I never
seen before that helps more the
controllers are so tight so that's a
wrap done with our photo shoot of the
day we are now heading over to Alfie and
Zoe's house because I am going to be my
first YouTube livestream to announce
something that by this time you guys
would have already heard about it which
is our Kickstarter for a speech length
movie
following me and JT around the world
instead of navigating a small plane so
again I'll link that below but yeah I'm
really promising like it has been over a
year in the making maybe a year and a
half and today is happening it's all
being announced like I'm really prepared
so guys we have done the livestream on
Instagram on YouTube and I'm just
feeling a bit more relaxed now with
raised 2,800 pounds and yeah the ground
water table and we watching ground pool
and alfea's about the prize login on the
Google pixel face oh so excited I do
always a complete nutter always they
give like that it has been how long now
at two hours and we've hit 4,000 pounds
donation oh that's pretty good we like
almost the 20th of the way there because
that doesn't sound quite oh yeah
we're always like this in the freezer
the first couple of hours would you guys
think of the whole project you think is
quite fun let me say you can enjoy
knowing yeah you're going to come along
for them a bit
yeah come along sit but you saw how big
it was in your face okay Photoshop
rapido are you going to come for legs I
bet that's right yeah all right
when we should find out what point Joe
and Alfie and maybe Zoe and maybe Evan
should join on the trip like a moment as
like a special guest from the plane that
we've done I want is with some of really
remote where I'm never bit yeah I would
welcome island de France all right we
enjoy it Easter Island oh yeah oh yeah
so justly be epic all right I would
definitely be la yeah hi
cuz I'm thinking when we land at the end
of the three months there should be a
massive pie and la yeah that's really
cool in there we need to go get in there
because Nando closes in half an hour
yeah let's head off cuz the Hangout guys
successful fight oh good shape by
plays away we've arrived 9:18 alright
chord plays they're very we are tucking
into on Nando's and I just have to jump
up my seat and do a little celebratory
dance because redbull have tweeted out
an article of Rin and put posters and
red ball calm about the Kickstarter
campaign also guys a little update with
almost raised six thousand pounds now
and again it's only been like four hours
pretty happy colors going so with left
Nando's like drugs or and Evan at the
train station they're probably going to
get back up to London before I get
started summary I'm going to drive back
now and get some good rest I am NOT
including his last few days with the
with the prepping for the prepping for
the talk so I I did and also trying to
get ready for this kick start noises
then yeah I'm working hard that it's all
paid off happen if you haven't managed
to check out yet
link below and anyway you want to get
involved I think this is going to be a
really really cool thing and if you're
watching and you're like a brand or you
want to get involved kind of sponsorship
of the vlogs song is still going to be
blogging and again just email eileen
uploads well yeah she loves my peace out
jewelry life leave the adventure
