there was this beautiful moment where
Luana I found ourselves sitting around a
fire with his himmat tribe while the Sun
was setting and we had no idea who they
were and they had no idea who you were
we had no way of communicating with them
beyond beyond just hand gestures but
there was a certain enchantment behind
not being able to relate to the way they
lived
we both saw beauty in it we both
appreciate it the difference instead of
cutting ourselves off from it and and in
a way building a wall between us and
them it sparked a deep desire and both
of us to to see more of the world in
this way to really envelop ourselves in
as many different cultures as we can and
try and understand why they live a
certain way it was more about
appreciating the differences rather than
having those dividers flying to Namibia
with JP was one of the most incredible
experiences of my life
not only will be flying in this tiny
plane to some parts of the country that
was so remote I mean it's a vast country
but I felt the freedom that we could
travel anywhere it was so exciting to me
at a concept of doing something bigger
so me and JP started planning to
circumnavigate the globe so we've
launched this Kickstarter to make a
feature-length movie of us embarking on
our biggest adventure yet with a purpose
of celebrating their diversity around
the world in a climate where people are
building walls and closing borders we
want to find people groups from
different cultures from different walks
of life and connect with them and show
this common humanity we all have so in
August this year we're leaving on a
three-month trip visiting 22 countries
with a dull to find people with amazing
stories to find people groups and
societies that are so different from the
societies we know but also find that way
that we can connect together the things
that we share in common
and we want to document this and share
it with the world we want to capture
this in the best possible way I got to
mend my life daily on my youtube channel
which I'd like to continue doing whilst
we're on the trip to share snippets of
what we're up to
but really that will be a behind the
scenes of this feature-length movie that
we're creating we also want to involve
you guys and that's why we want to run
this and Kickstarter is that we can
visit people we can visit you throughout
the trip and maybe some of you will even
get to join us to certain parts of the
flight so this excites you much as it
excites us there's loads of ways you
guys to get involved on the Kickstarter
page and obviously the more money we
raise the bigger the adventure in more
places we can go to and the more budget
was to protect into production so I'm
inviting you now to join us on our
journey in anywhere you can and help us
create a beautiful movie with a powerful
story and hopefully in pilot
