hey I'm Dexter I'm from the Netherlands
hi I'm Logan I'm from Belgium we're
currently looking for the Northern
Lights here in Thompson Norway and
you're watching time for a newly
good morning guys we are in California
another good Drive last night and we're
actually quite near Palm Springs which
is cool surrounded by the most scenic
mountain landscape and we are just very
very excited right now check this road
out this is like a long straight road
that leads to a mountain so we're
getting those kind of long focal length
shots of us in the road where you live
saying about this location the long lens
you can press the background and with a
little snow-capped mountain in the
distance looking rather large
and makes for quite a novelty stuff
television
let's get you down Tiger COO shoulder
bump here and it looks at it no well
it's a little bit more traffic than with
hope but we're getting the shot
I could literally stay out here all day
- so photogenic but we kind of need to
get moving soon so we might throw the
drone up in the air get your GoPro shots
and then start heading back to LA come
and say hi to the camera it wind up no
but I won't say I won't pan down
hello Lisa's having a shower in there
it's really actually refreshing pretty
good
guys we have just been pulled over by
the place someone reported us
skateboarding so America yeah let's go
this guy wasn't very happy I'd like to
be fair he was pretty chilled he just
gave us the warning and instead he was
going to where we were going to get in
even more trouble if he caught us again
so we're totally not going to risk it
with it's going to go
so guys we have arrived in LA finally
after six days on the road we did how
many miles 5200 kilometers 5,200
kilometers I don't know how many mild
days maybe 3,000 miles and yes I'm ready
to carry on but unfortunately we have to
end here
she has been incredible I think we still
need to name the bus and also I need to
we were meaning to do it but I'm needing
to rebrand it because expedition
happiness is Felix and Sally's thing so
we need to rebrand live adventure at
some point probably when I get back
look who's arriving yeah someone's been
looking after the Wonder bug rider bud
yeah right look at the bar look how big
it is
okay it's the Wonder bug oh my God look
at them oh my gosh
so cameras going to be looking after or
amazing bus thanks bro
I'm heading off now to the airport and
I'll be back in a few weeks hopefully
and then we can continue the adventures
make sure you check out Sam max JP's
channels and yeah tell us where we
should go next where we should take this
I'm thinking Canada possibly a laughter
who knows let's know in the comments all
right so another good boys lads it's
been emotional I think I can't wait for
our next adventure
hey bud babe thank you be nice in a bit
quite when to roll hey let's go get some
sleeping your ass back in the Wonder
barge still a boy
the guys that is the end of our amazing
trip from Mexico and I know a lot of you
disappointed because really trips like
these are what it's all about this is
where true adventure happens but you
don't need to worry because with me and
JP are planning something and we have
been planning something for ages it's
finally finally ready to happen and it's
going to be the biggest adventure of all
that I've ever been on
and yes tomorrow we're basically we just
filmed it we're going to be dropping a
campaign video on Kickstarter to explain
the entire thing it's going to involve
flying and if any of you enjoyed our
Namibian flying adventures which I'm
pretty sure you did
people ask me all the time when I'm
going to go flying a joke again anyway
we have planned the most unbelievably
epic adventure and we need you guys to
help us make it happen so tomorrow make
sure you check the video that I drop in
this channel and yeah I can I don't know
if they would what you want to say
though in it it's going to be crazy like
I can't get my head around it I've been
working on this for so long and I think
this
yeah it's going to be life-changing it's
going to be the adventure of a lifetime
and it's like dejected and and the
chance for some of you to come along on
the trip with us and various ways to get
involved anyway I'm not going to ruin
anymore you can find out tomorrow that
yeah lots more adventures if I go pee
it's been incredible look after the
Wonder bug technique tomorrow right is
time
my flight leaves in just over an hour
I'm playing it very time but I just
steal toys
pennyboard sorry about laughs so yeah
I'll bring it back I'll look after it
oh my gosh guys I was so funny I had my
bag pulled aside at security and they
like emptied it completely and Max had
emptied a bag of goo VII you know these
little plastic Isaac different things
get emptied a packing my bag so the
security guard is like going through all
my belongings and getting little goo boa
sticking to this club hilarious but that
took ages so I have to rush my flight
now thankfully got penny board
well I've been editing me until I I'm
going to get some rest now and I'll
catch you guys next he come into life he
may live eviction
