good morning guys
the very exciting day today we're doing
a project with land rover we're going on
this chartered plane at LAX and with
salmon Riya are you going through this
is incredible
we literally rocked up to the front of
the building and a bus like one minute
ago literally one minute ago and we've
just rolled onto the runway
we were bumped with a bunch of other
influences and like press people throw
us never done this before
so Dow Land Rover has branded the plane
oh my gosh that allows how going to Adam
the presentation bromine chicken after
me Hammond right
but this
until I got windows on the way back
we're going to try and get through the
table in the middle because that isn't
something you experience every day one
is going to be cold here but if they're
really really warm outside look at there
I'm reserving insight like
so the next part of our day is we should
have been catching a helicopter where
we're having a lunch this afternoon and
there nothing we're going to do
activities are going for a drive in the
new Land Rover Discovery I was learning
all about it on the plane yeah pretty
pretty awesome pictures and I guess
we'll get to show you them later on
ah here it is I love helicopter ride are
we all going to be roll it together like
like formation I will be pretty sound
being alive is over this is the third
helicopter ride ever this is by far the
cause I love that you guys like
snowboarding up there that makes a
gorgeous like Oh
the pretty epic flight guide those are
amazing views coming in over lier
National Park credible Canyon and here's
the fleet absolutely discovery oh this
is David he's going to show us all the
cool features of the discovery most of
the features inside really so probably
best things yet to get you in and he'll
okay one of the love features that Scott
yeah you think cup holder then I can get
before I packed in there and little
children whoa oh my gosh I love stuff of
this because it's like really intuitive
use of space where you know some button
there so yeah because this is you know a
family vehicle yeah it's about storage
because when you've got kids which
effectively sort of rear occupied area
it's all about the space airiness the
needs of getting wind and then in the
back on lots of charging points through
iPads and phones and those sorts of
things or if it's electrically fold
either from the screen in front or from
the rear or even from the iPhone app if
you press this button here I got the
memory that was the main roof that
moonroof all the life I love the amount
of thought that's gone into designing
there so under the V so that's the what
we call the inner tailgate nice no
that'll take three of me satellite like
this save you know having a picnic or
area beautiful view lovely shade over
the top all the seats are underneath
here because you put your bags in here
I'll show you that later tow bar is
under here that's electrically
deployables oh wow wow that is
incredible
thanks for showing us around the
pleasure we'll see you later we're
giving some more information later on
yeah let's roll
oh it's all for a time
he's crazy because it's like the most
comfortable car driven in and it's like
the best adventure Lego
and love villages left go up and right
I've never done operating without like
sometime next week like slow down slow
down
how does it feel it sorry reduces clean
I could just drive today with it
good thing we are yes I would be so
terrified to drive down this kind of
dared whoa oh my gosh
Oh
guys I'm switching to stand mode I
didn't even know the thing probably
should have been on stand mode the
entire time that you may be like little
look at that she was just saying that
the sand is really soft just like there
was some trouble getting through it
please have to make the car ready okay
somewhat random Adam literally just as
informed means it's a two-front drivers
and passenger seat has like massage you
can do like lumbar and like look look at
it going right now oh my gosh I'm
getting like a pro Colombo like someone
just working there something right now
like I need to do that ah I was like
Louisville LA Louisville frother man I
love this car
second that this car is like luxury high
tech super comfortable but also like the
best adventure vehicle okay to give
speed up this stuff done
okay whoa are you just having so much
fun right now yeah this is a baby I
don't get in a massage business I do we
just turn on the Mathmos thing yeah guys
look at this you can choose which seat
you want and then you see this you click
that and then choose what kind of
massage one hand shoulder or shoulder
gasps it's all there - how do I fish it
showed up can I get everything I'm gonna
good ways
I love committing and choosing what
muscle things
oh my god you can get in the hallway you
know yeah are we again good Utah heaven
she's so funny guys I just needed a
toilet stop so I was going to find
somewhere discreet so I ran down the
side of this rock and for some reason
there's a portaloo behind this rock in
the middle nowhere
what's happening let's go
I was joking when he said ready that you
go next look at this rock ahead of us
don't write up a cliff face oh my god
okay let's do this ah oh my gosh
what is here this angle guys literally
me look at the angle of the car is on
right now are we up in there huh I'm
fully in nailed that
ah
right guys we have arrived that was like
one of the most epic drives of my life
so much fun so much fun like you saw it
you saw it
guys look at this view outside of the
hotel window we are in the middle of the
desert
area and then just right to the back is
where the jacuzzi will be located and
that's going to be about 130 degrees
Fahrenheit oh okay I'm just going to go
straight there do you have anything else
today guys I think this could be the
best hot suburban in size wise the fact
that we just out in nature the stars are
going to be phenomenal tonight and then
this is everything about it this is
incredible
going them back in the room I'm just
warming up by the fire pit at the back
look at the view
look at the night sky is just so
incredible in the middle of the desert
it's been perfect and to an incredible
day thank you Land Rovers for inviting
me to be part of this project hope you
guys have enjoyed today's vlog we've got
a couple more days I'm really looking
forward to exploring this area and
having some more adventures in the car
and I'll catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure be
