we've just come down to a market today I
think this is called the old biscuit
mill I've been there before my vlogs I
just met up with Eleanor and Shay and
yeah these guys are from uni loud
adventure okay so yeah awesome how are
you finding Cape Town
yeah it's good we finally got Samia
Ryan's wandering over there we're going
to find some lunch just got a lovely
puppy and yeah
both days here we go this is what we're
going for for lunch
it's got like a charcoal bun
yeah baby guys this is Olly
I met him a while ago this place
Rossetti but he has a little store here
if you're ever here in the market only
specialty coffee but I'm just buying
something Thank You Man yeah better to
see it yeah let's do it let's do it this
is an incredible copy incredible Oh
today is the day that I am handling over
the big 12 terabyte hard drive to the
head editor Nick who's going to start
shaping the documentary and yeah it's
been I haven't been uploading a lot
recently because I've been sitting in my
office just like sorting through files
connecting interviews with the audio
files anyway it's all done now and yeah
it's an exciting day it's a big step
towards get the documentary done okay
guys I've arrived at Nick's house he
happens to live in Manon Berg which has
a bad reputation and historically
there's been a lot of violence here and
it's it's not the safest place in Cape
Town I came a few years ago and I don't
know if you remember that vlog but there
was some gangs and I was in a bit of
risk because I had all my cameras out
anyway that uber driver has like got in
he was a little bit wary about driving
me here but it's all good and Nick and
his wife had doing some cool projects
here what you guys doing here what
called you out here to live in Memphis
the long story but I guess I realized I
had a lot of privilege and people were
really struggling and I thought I
basically used my skill which is video
editing video making and kind of make it
part of mana burg and say like do you
want me I'm part of the team man and beg
so and my wife's running a crash for
like local kids who were like whose
parents the drug addicts and that kind
of stuff who were just really struggling
wow that's cool so I'll do a whole vlog
where we kind of on a shine a light and
the project Nick is involved with here
and and but for now we're just gonna get
because he's in a bit of a rush today
and we're just gonna check this drive
and see if we can get the edit start
affairs and make some sellotape
so we can put all our brainstorming yeah
yeah like it
guys this this little room the next bill
is like perfectly soundproof so we're
going to do a lot of hopefully I'll
voiceover stuff you said he got a bit
obsessed he said this is a these are
bass traps and this is a diffuser and
yeah it's all kind of DIY but it sounds
great in here for the voiceovers as I
saying you're the soundproofing is
amazing okay so we've got these little
squares of paper smella tape it's like
storyboarding sweet okay with left mix
house and we've come down to a little
church group this is the project that
they're involved with in mellenburg Tree
of Life and yeah it's I'm not sure what
to expect but I'm having to meet some
cool people see what they're doing in
this area and yeah just just tagging
along really but this is cool and I also
found out I don't know if you guys
remember like I think that last year
when I was in Cape Town I went to a
project in yong-go and that's like
actually the housing district like
opposite Manon Berg so it's quite near
that and they were doing the group I was
visiting them were doing some similar
projects as these guys are doing here so
it's cool to see good things happening
so every week for those of us who
visited one is one of the things we ask
each other is what's the good news it's
mostly good news this week in your life
so we send you today describe who you
are I wonder what you would say just
don't think about that for a minute how
would you describe yourself I don't mean
to lie so what gangs on this side of the
road this side is HL silencers and which
like gangs on this side of your the
title get you on these bins in that
I have headed over to the other side of
the mountain their camps bay to Kyle's
house he was hanging out with last week
yeah I'm gonna go and hang out with the
boys actually in here and meet all the
dogs hey guys guys this is my lay my
legs very cool hold in my life who say
this rap I ordered I just had one this
is from Kauai these are really really
cool delicious
got a little smoothie hanging with these
guys and their guys do you remember
Benjamin from Iceland when we were
traveling around the world and this
friend are now yeah these guys are
heading to Namibia when like in a few
days or yeah so make sure you follow
their adventures or link and below
how nice is that over this side by the
way where I had just arrived
we need to yeah we've got the last three
weeks where we don't have anywhere that
would sing oh yes but of the house we're
staying in it's only to the end of what
okay and then we have another three
weeks after that to stay somewhere got
the cough a chill in this is the vibes
this side of the mountain Oh guys look
at the sky when the clouds came in I was
like oh it's kind of a shame because it
wasn't like a crazy sunset but now it is
mad look how pink is that is sick right
we're jumping in Britain's Carl heading
down to this kind of open street party
vibe thing and gonna get food me up
smothers
mojo market right we came here yesterday
we had a little walk around got some
hummus but we're back for dinner and
sounds like there's some live music
well back home and I don't know if you
noticed guys but with today's vlog I
kind of merged snippets from different
days mainly because I don't really want
to upload three minute vlogs and I
haven't been out all day doing things
like I usually do with my vlogging I've
actually like I said been staying a lot
at home getting things done anyway it's
been a slow start for the year but I'm
excited about kind of creating content
for you guys trying to do new types of
videos as well and working with a bunch
of creative people here to get things
done so yeah I'm excited to be down here
and I cannot wait to yeah to do some new
things and to take you guys on the
journey as well one of the big things
that's going to be happening I'm gonna
talk more about it and do a big
announcement but we are doing an
influencer a trip which is happening
next month in writing some people down
and we're doing yeah a bunch of cool
things anyway I'll let you know more
about that I'll let you know details but
that's one of the things I'm planning
and yeah I guess I will catch you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure but
