hi my name is Leo from Korea and now you
watching fun for Louis bow jostling
going to derive a very fancy hotel Santa
Monica where we can be thanked tonight
for heading off bursting tomorrow
morning on a project to doing with land
rover get the right check in 6 and
somewhere else where we're going to
throw it back over the net
okay guys there's some gifts on the bed
that Land Rover have left for us ah this
is no and oh my god
we were just saying Oh dandy but he's so
cold and I don't have anything
Yeah right chilly much a hotel and I'm
wondering that the shopping area I
actually need from you unclip my my
cameras the people that could have worn
out but you can constantly literally
picked up point them somewhere hidden or
I may have to about some cameras I'm
going to attempt to get some jeans again
I tried yesterday and failed we can find
ones that fit well so I've only got the
like cargo and trousers at the moment
thought jeans are quite central Phenix
Troy Aikman here right just an
inconceivably okay guys
absolute success Norma jeans
I'll show them to you later on but
they're looking pretty good and there
are only like $50 we did find another
place that was selling jeans yesterday
but they were like 180 up to like $250
for a pair of jeans of like
okay Sam Sam
he's goal of his uh his all of his plays
ready for ye car gonna be told by Sandra
:
it's nothing like aliens jumping Oh No
okay I didn't know that well let's let
me just show him the other thing you
just told me I get a habit when I see
study stuff I get excited and just go a
stunt drawing this is like a miniature
thumb drive so we just wandered down
from Santa Monica Pier even get some
more beautiful sunset views like we did
yesterday they're not filming that that
crazy video that we saw yesterday of you
saw guys are colored smoke
what's the beach and like guys and crazy
by school stuff that anything they're
here today but yeah I want to go down
and try and get some shots of the guys
in the slack lines they're like swinging
on the bars
my crews on there to get a little that's
impossible they've got a cheeky little
veggie burger they should tide me over
to dinner we've got a fancy dinner
tonight
with one of the Land Rover guys so we
have to wait till then yeah I think it
could be a good meal though okay change
of plan slackline and swings and stuffs
are already kind of in the shade but
we're thinking of going under the pier
there's all these like vertical pillars
and see when you shoots them epoch kind
of sunset shots in there
guys we caught a light pair Billy this
is so beautiful
which give us this is like one of the
most epic sunset locations of ever been
it's just like people light comes
through yeah it's like beams the beam
just coming through the pillars guys we
just took so many epic photos so many
epic photo and you know I'm going to do
I might use one of Sawyer's new presets
and one of these photos oh I don't know
you freeze that right
really yeah I made a maze like mine
preset for photos that instead of just
putting color on top of your photo like
most soldiers it actually changes all
the colors in the photo to be different
colors yeah so I'll link below and come
out they're definitely worth the
investment if you want like a if you
want I our Instagram account yeah you
don't need up if you're just a start up
if you like wanna like the entire photos
go and check them out anyway yeah it is
an inspiration it's always fun hanging
out with creative people and getting
getting inspiration with photography and
these are the guys these are the guys we
are jumping in and even now we need to
run back to Sammy's cameras there's
nowhere in Santa Monica that sells my
camera clips my belt clip so I'm going
to try and go over there before the
clothes but we are against the clock
closed in half an hour and it's a hot
now new Bluebird right oh thanks man
okay
god I made it I made these were guys
he's our guide oh I'm so relieved I
managed to get into Sammy's cameras and
get my stuff
I am I'll show you why I'm replacing my
clip to stay without so this is my
current clip I've had on my belt for
probably like a year or something
totally worn out and then lifted that
this is a new one I just got and then
Sam got a camera strap as well
butcher shop shoulder strap at night
night thank you yes cool so we made on
if you're going to insure my camera
doesn't fall off because I feel like
something I don't know exactly what's
happen but something weirds worn out
here and it hasn't been clipping in to
properly say
we've just wondered outside I'm going to
go check out the hot tub situation ah
this is there in a bit is it nice and
warm yeah man
let's go get a filming stuff on
right I'm out the hot tub grab some
dinner now me and Sam are going for
cruise this time I'm on the penny board
and he's on Soyuz booster board and
we're cruising to get some more warm
weather more warm weather clothing to
Utah and it better be over prepared and
under prepared in my opinion guys liquor
is Cameron is back in town
oh you can't wrestle yeah yeah pick up
off the legs work Allegra so great yeah
yeah I'm the slowest here with my man
powered skating down on the electric and
Cameron on the dog power cable
he's going for it
yes go
he is going for a cow is officially the
coolest dog ever yes bro
okay we've met with soya and you've been
seen and I saw your Instagram story bro
first time skating and like I see like 6
years like yeah a guy's going to attempt
to leave it okay
I need forget to do that guys I'm back
of a hotel missions Lee I got all the
warm coats for me Sam and Roya thanks
Sawyer and Angelique very generous
lending us their warm clothes and I
think that means we find we now need to
get some rent like oh yeah early morning
in when leaving a dead on 10:30 in the
morning because we got a flight it
shatters like a machete and yeah heading
in Utah
very excited we've got a lot mitosis
plan and it's going to be pretty epic
today do not miss the next few days log
see in the morning peace out enjoy life
live the adventure but
