hi I'm a human I'm from the UK and Alice
Walker at Coney Island
sweet season screen and selfless and
Lauren following good morning guys an
amazing day here in San Miguel de
Allende we've just stayed the night at
this incredible Villa and highly
recommend checking this place out or
linking below their stop food yes what
an amazing spot for lunch we've got the
guacamole going and then this is my
go-to vegan dish just gets my pastor
kind of click vegetal super spicy sauce
and you do it
for the buildings and architecture here
just glorious and you can see the color
a lot more than when we were here last
night because these like bright oranges
and yellow
I'm currently walking around town trying
to find the best roof to jump onto some
are pretty high but to get this drawn up
after me so I don't have to climb up one
of these you nothi ha stay with that Oh
you guys do it well okay okay you good
it
yeah boy
the peacocks gotta let me fly where did
you find this guy see from the South
Island
Oh
now our mission is to get something
repaired on the bus
basically yesterday the cage of the back
of the bus the the metal bar underneath
snaps so this it is supposed to be
connected here so we are trying to find
someone to weld this fixed it and we
don't really know how to find a welder
in this city but we're asking locals and
we just got some directions from the
police to find the mechanics that might
have to weld it for us and we found this
random mechanic
viki's half the fun of these road trips
is like overcoming problems on it to me
it wouldn't be excited we weren't having
to figure out how do you think I love
the language barrier too though it makes
it so much more interesting
I really really screwed up a max the
monkey back again you go be careful
through some of these buildings they're
gonna fall apart
I come too far
ah mr. a lot there is back in the bus up
we are holding these seats out of here
yeah we got the drug go go go mm legit
three-point
yeah so we had somewhere that we had
organized to go down to but then we
passed it this mechanics on a corner
here and this dudes having to look for
us see we can welder and we can see we
can install South Korean forces one
deserves decide already yeah
we've been worrying about this all day
guys but incredibly we just managed to
fill up he's estimated 20 minutes and
he's only going to charge us 500 pesos
give us a science lesson and how a MIG
welder work make wealthy Jesus Paragon
gasps sort of surround the world while
it's being welded and then it feet the
soy soda right thank you
it might NZ while you get different
components depending on what your so
luring because there are not let job I'm
assuming that you must be seen a seal
but yeah there's a lot to go into but
this is a really nice welder and
probably the best we can get some jobs
though and he's a badass oh yeah this is
looking amazing welding is done he's
lookin very secure we're now thinking of
just cutting this little worm this
little leaf up here so we can open this
door all the way yeah yeah and we'll go
got it yeah back on the road boy
arise my dog in the freedom I've taken
because if I get lost idiot donkey the
real beauty o'clock every night was
there like a dragon waiting until the
data run to write on the last supposed
it would never come to the question of
different assessments on finishing but
slipped down to take it back like an
acting can't get back relax a bigger
role tough way to be on the flow when
the dancing an apprehensive is always on
the mind if you find a fancy you can
really only this impact we go
Oh guys I've been a bit jealous pushing
me to ride on the bodies I I've jumped
on we can we go for a ride
hopefully we don't get pulled over by
the place
Oh
Jamie's going down
the police did pulled over because we
were riding on the bonnet but they think
for each alves they actually think
retail back name
boy what's up in some factories being
flagged as it's covered by a lease right
of I'm not sure why don't you got
speeding it fully just like not
advancing into traffic
laughter York hola got your license yes
oh my gosh guys Calabria scariness had
to bribe the police allowed go they were
getting impound the vehicle they were
not happy new no he tried to film drama
I think I chopped
yeah they don't ignore me filming I
think that causes more trouble
like handshaking transaction in cash
with what well well coin no there wasn't
a thumb we made it a thing this is a job
another day another day give me a call I
needed something is going to happen it's
inevitable we have just found a Walmart
look at that Walmart also look how big
our bus is it's not just ridiculous
there's a few things we need from
Walmart before we head into the state
we're trying to cross the border
tomorrow morning we've made amazing
progress coming into the Olympic high
downstairs we went to test to the visa
still eat drink and liquid sounds done
to me I could be interpreted say round
go
all right I've been slamming away for a
while and I got the lights working
I'm stoked and ended up being the left
side connector I'm assuming it would
have gotten wet at some point and just
built a layer of corrosion in the
contact working good
like I going because light in the
challenge that you came in she was on
the right there's very very sound in
stock employment
fabricating the bed safety thriving and
I've got real venomous Rosa we will find
out until the US border and
is going to be a new leg of the journey
new leg of the adventure we are heading
to South by Southwest Music Festival
music festival and I mean for a while
they are very players here should be
there whether some throw it on any issue
gang in the country today
in South Joyce all right
