hi I'm teri hi I'm Tina and we're from
Washington DC and you're watching fuzzy
Louie good morning guys we we did a lot
of driving last night it was me then
were you driving next time
and then I hand over to Grady who killed
it
Grover like six hours straight and now
we're well a well ahead of hard schedule
place it means we can take a bit easier
than X today we're we're way pop met
Kody we were debating whether to stop
they're very strident ugly
okay we're almost at the place you're
staying today other reaction just
figuring out details on that but when we
stop for fuel we know if that this back
page with your guest recurring bike shop
and stripe in here there's like a joint
so the boys have been very inventive and
managed to secure it with some bungee
cords ain't going anywhere
I don't know if I put any way on they're
clearly coming am to be magnets working
really I don't know what else no it's
not working it's not working
it will hold on though it's not going to
pull up okay good job does anyone know
anyone nation Commons well doorbuster
ha ha ha really that bad right guys it
could be a problem I will make it look
our wine today I'm conducting the safety
briefing before we go down this little
cobblestone street we have the big-ass
bus trying to get down this tiny in
little street it gets super super narrow
down there I think we're going to be
able to make it it tends to keep getting
more narrow silence I mean it wouldn't
seem like a refers a piece of time Max's
decided it's a good idea do a
three-point turn in this very narrow
road oh my gosh bro we've basically
wedged ourselves
no-ho-ho
boy we totally wedges those yeah you got
it right
keep keep it locked so if you trying to
get your campground to park up the bus
if it's a road it is trying to send us
down
this is the sketchiest maneuver yet we
are scraps on this tiny road for some
reason the RV part we found is damaged
tiny cobble three so I whip through
we're joggin up to have a look at the
end so Google Maps doesn't mean updated
safe
extry is oh my gosh yes great for their
edge then why didn't they tell us not
know what I think if you have a lot of
wiggle room should come up this tree
that cars are struggling to get past us
so our original plan of staying at an RV
park fell through because we can get the
RV park at the road 50 narrow thankfully
Felix who originally owned the bus he
had some connections here and he picks
us up with his friend who owns some very
nice village so we're going to we're
going to kind of recoup today and yeah
chill we deserve it we've all been like
hammering the driver we're ready for a
little rest
hola Louis I do this walk through the
whole area and look how genius this is
little model for every length of spring
so just bouncing away you breathe oh my
gosh Casa del cactus
hey are you boys we have orange we have
all right how's this even what on earth
now thinking how do they do that
yeah we just posted it how did you do
that
well welcome okay
going there a nice big a little pasta
this is beautiful man easily this will
make a nice change from sleeping in the
bar boy tiny Winx town I got some taco I
got some Thai curry which I cannot wait
Lee Lewis finished lunch and jump back
in the hot tub
so if any of you ever wonder where and
how Louie does editing for these vlogs
this is it right here he only ever added
in hot tub guys right now I'm
experiencing some of my favorite things
we're in a tropical climate in a hot tub
drinking coffee working on videos for
you guys my dream
Hey
okay I'm done the hot tub for now the
boys have all had little naps
feeling rejuvenated and we're ready to
hit the town I think we're just going to
catch the last of the light really
beautiful especially
oK we've decided we're going to come
down early tomorrow morning
to catch the light I don't know how
early we'll make it down here but we
want to spend some of the morning here
just exploring a bit because the
architecture and the colorful buildings
the just phenomenal reminds me a little
bit of with me and David's Guatemala for
giving a last year very similar I'm just
going to head in and of that Bell
guys I've met some of my Mexican viewers
in this random matrix and sound effects
and of Santa hat
yes bright let's get an Evo
have an a.1 lucky Holliman watermelon
cause he's voice feeling good yeah this
is a dream the ostomy
yeah them so we were just saying guys
that we're about halfway
well I tripped and we can I'm just
relaxing and really well when when
you're letting go and filming and you
know we can we could have picked a more
perfect break to have like real children
our beautiful little town and mgtv time
we've managed to catch up a lot of work
and that was it
recuperate in chillin before we head off
tomorrow pretty cool they love loving it
it's just as ideal situation show that
sexy jacuzzi maximum lines right now
pretty dreamy
I've been a dated super chill well going
to almost quarter to 5:00 in the morning
we literally spent all night having
these mean meaningful conversations
about of it's pretty cool getting to
know each other a bit more but yeah
didn't get much work done and it also
means that our morning plans might not
happen but I'm going to try and get
myself out of bed because this is the
last kind of traditional Mexican town
we're going to spend off a time in we're
just going to be whizzing true we've
come up with a new plan today which is
to I mean things might change tomorrow
but the plan at the moment is we're
going to try to rise all the way to
Austin Texas and catch the first day of
South by Southwest before we head back
to LA is a bit of a detour it means
crossing the border into the u.s. in a
different town than we plan to so
there's a few unexpected potential
things that can happen but we're going
to give it a go few happens and
hopefully we could be in the US by this
time tomorrow so
let's hope it all goes smoothly
there's no delays getting through the
border and sweep I'm going to get a bit
of rest now a bit of sleep and sort of
have it's amazing place to stay
guys I'll link the place we've stayed in
this villa place and I'll link it below
because this is like incredible place if
you're ever in this area to come and
check out anyway I'll catch in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and the adventure
