good morning guys
we've just arrived meeting with Facebook
in LA we did meet them in San Francisco
but we're meeting with them and I think
a couple of the guys from Instagram and
I'm just trying to figure out how I can
use Facebook more in my life as a
platform obviously I post daily on
YouTube pretty much an Instagram but
Facebook it's always puzzled me a little
bit so we're gonna strategize and I
might start thinking about how to create
more video content on Facebook it'll
probably be very different for daily
vlogs but if you've got any ideas let me
know below and I'll let you know how
things go once we had a little meeting
and a little brainstorm about it we are
in the Instagram studio and we're just
shooting a boomerang of me like throwing
popcorn it's like frozen in time it's
like suspended Hitler it's so cool
or what
we are spelling out live the adventure
on this fun kind of pixel wool this is
the best we could do it's not quite
enough space to fit in adventure so we
just put adventure live the adventure
cool meeting done
times gonna get some lunch it's a lovely
day today guys so me and Laura decided
to have our business chat down at Venice
Beach I don't know what exactly Sarah I
think the skate box over there this is
like where the basketball players play
and we got takeout from that lovely
Mexican place gonna have a little picnic
okay my meetings are done now I've
dropped Laura back
picked up my boosted board and I'm
heading up to hang out with Sawyer
cruise around at Venice Beach a little
bit hopefully catch a nice sunset hey
man when shopping the one I went
specifically shopping for a helmet and
you want to stitch
so how long have you been down there
getting this pit now
so I suggested we went and got acai
bowls so gonna chill for a little bit
yeah he did
true story right we've just cruised down
to Marina del Rey so we suggest that
there might be some seals down there and
I think we just found some
so the hunt is on now we're gonna try
and find somewhere we can get closer to
the fields because these each docks like
closed off obviously it's like private
dock for just the people who live on the
boats here so we can't actually get in
unless we climb over these glass fence
things okay it turns out the door was
open the entire time so we've managed to
get onto the dock where the seals are
sunbathing
yeah but I'm freaking them out
he is just shilling to the max you're
gonna come around yeah here we go
hey buddy that is so freaking cute
let's my room yeah oh yeah he's got an
itch get it
someone's just told herself for coming
down onto the pier without without
owning a boat I guess I guess there's a
reason why it's closed off to the public
but it's cool we got a few shots of the
Sears
just cruise down to the the area where
the sea kind of meets the harbor mad I
don't know why I've never been here the
voice is so cool
I'm finding so much out today about this
area apparently this is like a little
bird sanctuary right in Marina del Rey
don't know where this leads I guess does
this connect with like the canals or is
it part of the okay we've just been
chillin at Sawyer's I had to recharge
the booth did the Sun has now set and
we're heading out so he's gonna go get
something to eat and I'm gonna cruise
back over to Venice to find the girls
because I think we're going out to
dinner it's unfortunately Laura's last
night I'm towing the Sawyer on his penny
board
all right so is aftergrass some food
let's head out
okay I've met back up with the girls we
have come about to Jesse's house oh oh
so Rachelle's here and we just watched
second planet earth that we've watched
kick we watched the first ever one here
oh yeah yeah inspiring first and I'm
just having a little go on this it's
cool little hoverboard guy and me and
Jesse are just talking about trying to
come up some cool concepts to film some
videos for his channel so yeah have you
got any ideas of some cool ideas we
could do not like vlogs but kind of yeah
I'm more creative one of your servants
no word in the same day yeah never
snowboarded that does surprise me right
that does surprise me 5:10 time is like
2 a.m. so tomorrow the vagabrothers are
getting back and we are going to vacate
their house we don't know where we gonna
stay yet but we've got the they want the
bug to throw things in I'm still waiting
to hear back from the mechanic about
having to replace my gearbox which is
quite a big feat I think he said he's
gonna sell like four days so he's just
 getting some pricing for me but
it it's still running just means I can't
do long distances I just need to drive
around like up to third gear but I can't
go into fourth gear so it's still good
for just running around locally yeah so
I don't know we're just gonna have a
children tomorrow and need to find
somewhere to stay tomorrow night Laura
is unfortunately flying back to the UK
it's been really nice having her here
doing a bunch of meetings and chatting
all the live the adventure stuff which
is what she's doing she's helping if you
don't know a lot of people are being
wandering he she's she's been helping
what she's running all the led the
adventure side of we're building
together
I'll go more
more into that later I'll kind of
explain more there's some very big news
with live the adventure which I'm
waiting to talk to you guys about but
anyway it's been really productive a
couple of weeks is what I'm trying to
say and she's heading off tomorrow and
yeah it's gonna be a fun weekend
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
