good morning guy we have left the hotel
we've just driven an hour and a half to
a place called the coral pink sand is
where we're going to be driving around
cool you'll be driving around and yeah
having fun the Land Rover Discovery this
is our last day and doing the lambda
report yet but flown back to LA later on
the other thing I'm excited for today is
that Raya hopefully is going to get to
drive the car she can't drive so this
could be interesting and by value means
and all the lights about that I can't
drive Lisa when we were in Bolivia last
Christmas it drives a little team buggy
thing around yeah yeah
okay we could ever look so sad to see
drive your eyes why need to get ready
fresh you're nothing but a good time
shine this is going to be good do this
ready June drive with my sauce don't
forget that guy's seat is key
okay we have a GoPro set off on a swivel
and recorded to come around it back here
hopefully we tended to hear about like
oh hi can we get a flat Aryan letter I
get on the wheel from here yeah you're
drunk
yeah oh my god you're even it I'm
terrified to get the clarify guys Riya
doesn't drive cars I love my license I
don't know if everyone here is fully
aware that at all my license they kind
of were really chill about it yeah
thankfully we're not on the right we go
okay um right accelerate and then use
your right foot the brake and then they
click on your prize wait I'm not going
to bat right yeah like a big yesplan at
least a little behind them right it
feels so good you driving
how you feeling I feel great I feel so
bad ass right now
damn what do you think I brought is
driving nicely so impression actually
killing it who's letting me drive a
brand new car I don't know good right
properly flat I thought they do not
deliver on it they've let it out but
like it's like flat fire in it oh my
gosh guys when you straight too hard oh
my gosh how did I do that without me it
wasn't right with it oh my gosh this is
amazing
like some of the air out so it's easier
to grip on the Sam and then momentarily
we'll have a brand new style
here we go oh my god regarding a
mysterious frickin Hill right now okay
oh oh okay oh my gosh scary good cuz you
panicking a video keep this precision
keep it colored it oh my gosh okay thank
you I love that this is like that the
roles of sloths because usually you're
doing the crazy things and I'm worried
I literally cannot like this happening
right now they're so good yeah yeah
hiding in the desert between the sand
dunes have a selected three moons I'm
running on fumes fly stability my mother
Phyllis revenge but I know my dad waited
till the madness here we gotta keep
moving
what you closing the enemy's dead man we
got him on the ropes
holder patrol boat and your head I was
upset in the highest stop the war cry
the angle about it was gonna throw kids
a ghost when they rolled up into town
and sold the show we've arrived at this
amazing location for lunch there's these
two pp and there have got a barbecue
going hopefully as the food vegan option
look at this guide
and yeah that's a good lunch I'm excited
about it
okay we have to throw food in city
takeout containers because we're going
to miss our flight otherwise so we come
back in the course
what an amazing today yeah we know
awesome and I'm really looking forward
to getting back on the plane I get the
same chance to play it on the air I
really want to get on one of those desks
now got like a little full way back
so we've arrived in the airport after a
very windy drive and we're about to jump
back on the plane back to LA hopefully
it's not too windy to take off is crazy
Reserve is not able yeah check it out
bro
oh yeah take me seat self what I don't
understand bro can you move you get the
light control is a thing you guys this
plane is literally designed for laptop
Club
back in LA what incredible flight yeah
what an incredible flight and things
how's the flight
yeah guys I go back to the vagabrothers
house and have a little nap
and now I've boosted brought it down to
meet with Jeff who's in the area and
also look who's arrived who's in town JT
is back we're about to go on our
adventure which I'll tell you about in a
second but first of all and we've just
been chatting with Jeff about some
future plans I'm not going to show you
the bus we're still going to do a bus
tour at some point but we were just
talking about helping Jess at some point
do a bit more of a conversion on the bus
if you remember two years ago I think it
was we crowd-sourced Jess was living
homeless and we managed to buy this bus
so thanks again for you guys that
contributed to that but I think the next
stage now is like helping kid it out a
bit more and yeah come up with a plan
just want to do a big road trip across
the state so maybe some of you guys
could get involved with that I'll keep
you posted anyway we'll talk to you
about the whole plan and but we me and
JP I haven't told him yet but basically
me JP Sam and then his friend Max who
just arrived as well and this guy down
in Mexico Beto we are going down to pick
up a school bus and we are going to be
driving it back to California I was
supposed to be flying with these guys
tonight they've got a flight at 11 but
the documents that I need for the bus I
can't get to tomorrow morning so I'm
going to fly out and join them the trips
going to start tomorrow it's going to be
epic
I know me crazy go to Rico isn't it
oh dude yeah it's good it's going to get
intense I'm sure it's going to be a big
adventure yeah so if you're just tuning
into my vlogs occasionally because this
is a little series that you cannot miss
you cannot miss the next week it's going
to be nuts but yeah it's been a really
good couple of days and the land rover
stuff was pretty amazing at I kind of
missing some of their kind of roughing
it a little bit and kind of just
cruising around and like camping stuff
like that which I just want to be doing
more of it's a gang a mixture in life
isn't it like it's cool to do the luxury
stuff and not their awesome experiences
and the flying places and like a
chartered plane and stuff but for me I
think over the next week we're going to
be yeah having a bit more of a kind of
less planned out adventure we have no
idea what's going to happen and then
when we get back here it's going to be
awesome
to plan a bit of a convoy road trip with
Jeff we were just saying we want to get
out to Joshua Tree and do some cool Star
photography and stuff so for that anyway
I need to head back now and have a
little date night with Ryan because I'm
not going to see it for a few weeks and
I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
