hi this is Sarah I'm sorry and Ronnie
we are currently in Ghana India and
you're watching fun for Louis good
morning guys it's a beautiful day in LA
just kind of coffee smell with these
guys and Blake and Sam's in town he just
flew in this morning bro dryer system
where story when he sped off where we're
going to go shopping I need to buy some
new clothes and prepare for a little
trip that we're going on we're leaving
tomorrow next day for afternoon yeah
yeah let's go done yeah we like you
right how long was your flight 15 hours
15 with my pocket editing the whole time
and that's all flights a good book it's
one time would you like to have to just
sit down thank you cadre totally worked
at you
okay spread good see you get mom back
that's funny
listen this brush always my dear
neighbor
sorry going to grab on to my bag and get
pose okay okay sorry
okay we are heading to lunch we're going
over Santa Monica to do the shopping
right to grab the new bar over there and
Sam's the sister ID you got room for one
more this thing if this is the craziest
bike of everything oh my god I'd even
get down from there
that's how you get down I like it
this is Rory we've met back up with a
girl she sat down food so healthy yeah
okay we finished lunch time to get
fashionable Raya where we heading where
are we heading I don't know I've never
shopped for a guy oh okay
I have no idea
so not only do I need some new clothes
in general because like my dreams of
rips of stuff we also tomorrow heading
to Utah where we're going to be doing a
project me Ryan Sam so I'm going to need
a few warmer clothes as well cuz it's
pretty chilly up there
Oh what we getting for you new jeans
yes all you played in the film is
embarrassing how they even happened
yeah yeah we see so definitely got up
and then a couple tops again they're
your jacket yeah jacket can keep that
maybe a long sleeve detail cardigan
underlay some reason a lady doesn't
believe in changing her look cool I'm
long terms under day not revealing but I
think I like these pants a lot what do
you guys think
pockets are cool wait caught here do a
little runway
I didn't like that okay wait don't walk
like a normal human
I think they're cool
I liked your side pocket yeah okay here
we go this outfit okay
why do you hope it's a weird right
surface because yeah you like it I'll
take that as a yes we don't get really
freaky
okay so we have marine team shirt white
shirt this green Keesha and these cocky
is this cocky like light cocky cargo
pants trousers
we're still on the hunt to see more
things you need guys I've given up on
shopping for now I seem to relax a
little bit it's really stressful or some
reason but I'm now going to catch
breakout with Sawyer and Sam I think
they've gone down to the beach front for
sunset going to be a very beautiful
sunset yes boys what's going on what is
it what is it look at the light coming
through sir I wish I have my telescopic
lens
the guys we just met Isaac on the beach
and he watches me in Sam and soya and
he's just shown us the tattoo on his
wrist
inspired by Sam yeah I had one in Idaho
do ya really signature for Washington I
know I might as well how about together
yeah and I love that I love that
inspiration how you doing man good did
they show you down oh hey hey I know
what he's doing you know you what even
is going on right now I don't even know
what it is with these things on it's
like an easy video features
we're getting a fight over for dinner
now this pops needed now the whole woods
actually seems like main game would go
flat
feel it feel okay I've just spent a
couple of hours hanging out with Sam
Sawyer and Justin cruisin around
I then strong positive saga bro tasks we
got rise laptop because you need to
Princeton visas office of traveling
we're doing Jesse's later on and now I'm
going to go me in her and loan us dinner
and then we're going to go Jesse I've
also just picked up this head torch for
booster boarding at night which is
pretty handy about over the cellphone
I've arrived the gratitude smell with
the girl hey did you know your shopping
done yeah yeah yeah I found it a little
bit stressing about them no I'm just not
using something I need to learn what
works good on me like and one like
pleasure I'm wearing the trousers now
because the jeans today the different
work on them so good timing we're at
Jessie's Sam's right you never got
heated up to go on there vo are the Sony
Biela we always go almost here
yeah Witchiepoo humor you guys like
working on anything
yeah a little bit
it gave me a lot better guy do you feel
is doing with the dryer is scared of the
shark in the vision she really is scared
legit I was trying to watch this like
you see the controller line up Oh little
cheesy better present minute you reached
out for selfish there we go what a mess
Wow way to do relate nice nice quality
this is how good Jesse's kicking it you
want some how is it awesome it blows up
to yo you can clean your dick okay
things are going way too crazy Jesse so
where we're heading us now
we want to get some cool photos and
shots before we go back yes bro
guys this is so strange cruising down a
bikini this time in the morning there's
like no one here usually so busy well
action night it's been so fun hang with
sound today I'm so happy to see that war
legend I love that guy tomorrow or maybe
the next day me him and Raya are flying
to Utah like a Fed actually to do a
project with Land Rover
so we excused Sundays of activities and
then when he when we get back from that
me and Sam are going to go to meet some
other boys down in Mexico to pick up the
school bus but yeah it's it's been a fun
day things got kind of crazy Jessie's
tonight it but yeah playing with camera
lenses and cool like filming and photo
locations is a lot of fun for me so it's
been yeah it's been great I'll catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life in this adventure
but
