good morning guys is a beautiful day in
Venice we've just had some breakfast
we're strolling back to the wonder bug
now and look what we found this is
amazing okay this is some of the most
amazing street art I've ever seen
someone's painted this like stretched
out face but when you look at this this
pole here and the way that the
reflections been it makes it look normal
can you see that so so cool
guys look at this fire hydrant he's so
cute that is amazing that is so amazing
so we've checked into a place for
tonight we managed to get our work done
and now Rai is taking a rest and I've
decided to cruise down to the beach and
see who I can find yeah guys just is
back from Europe and I'll come down to
hang out this is his this is his baby
this is his van what's his name yeah
beautiful is that a bed up there yeah so
I can pull this a little cushion thing
over actually got a tempurpedic mattress
there no kunos ball i got your cliche
Hawaiian tweek politely right there yeah
clothing rack love it I love it we need
to go in a van trip together serious
yeah next week boom
this is Justin his friend Dylan and
they're filming a little YouTube video
I'm just gonna chill here behind the
scenes my message my lifestyle
definitely not
there isn't a certain way to live life
everybody is born with different counts
I've left Justin and Dylan and I'm now
arriving for some lunch with some other
friends probably catch up with Justin
later on guys we've had a crazy
afternoon we had a lunch with some
friends got into like the most deep like
philosophical discussions about things
and then we came back to the hotel we're
staying in to grab Laura's bags because
she is heading back to the UK tonight
and we can't find her uber driver he's
around here somewhere
Chelsea who do you like a good Skype oh
yeah Kate sir
okay hello funny videos this side it's
been really nice having a Laura with us
for the last couple of weeks
Oh lots of exciting things we've planned
and discussed and organized but until we
have like a solid thing to announce
about some of the things we're doing a
live adventure I will I will just you
know I hold back to telling you
everything but essentially people have
been following the whole journey Olivia
venture and that the launch was it last
summer with Dave Dave was basically
taking a bit more of a backseat now and
he's kind of doing his living in the
forest experiment and now Laura's taking
the reins and we're going full steam
ahead say thanks Laura for all the hard
work and yeah I'm just very excited now
it's been cool it's been very cool whoa
right I'm tired guys I'm so chill for a
little bit
so guys I thought I'd treat myself to a
little dip in the hot tub tonight
it's been a very chilly evening just
being with Raya we've got some takeout
after we said goodbye to Laura and we
just watched like five hours of Gilmore
Girls
we're on season seven there on the final
season yeah it's just been a super chill
day and yeah that's okay sometimes I
feel like yeah I said this so many times
but it's not it's not always about
adventure and sometimes it's just about
getting the balance right and yeah not
not living at a hundred miles an hour so
you know it's about piecing out as well
sometimes but yeah I'm feeling really
good it's been very exciting thinking
about having a bit more time here in
California especially in Venice over the
next year and obviously I'm gonna be
traveling a lot as well but enough to
come back here when we're not traveling
he's exciting to me and we're thinking
about a few options about what to do
I've mentioned the bus that I bought the
school bus that I need to go down to
Mexico and collect actually so the plan
there is in a couple of weeks me and
some of the boys Sam Evans one of his
friends maybe JP we're gonna go down
drive it back up to
and then I just need to point someone to
park it so as you know we were looking
the other day for land in Topanga Canyon
I went over to meet rich he's got a big
space overfor that like north of Malibu
that whole area is pretty cool that's
still a big potential possibility the
other idea I'm thinking is finding
somewhere in Venice obviously will be
way smaller so maybe he's either out
renting a black bigger property with a
big driveway or seeing if someone has a
space in the Venice area that part the
bus and then either live on there all or
live in the property when when I'm not
traveling and then potentially rent it
out as an air B&B as well yeah that
could be pretty cool
I mean I'd wait if that wasn't there
being me I could stay in I definitely
would anyway I'll tell you more about
that when we get it back here and if
that happens I would definitely let you
know
but yeah I mean I I just think the
community that I've been longing for for
so many months or years ago
it's something I'm finding here like
every day or so I'm just like
reconnecting with people and managing
you know imagine to go out for meals or
people and stuff away and it's just yeah
it's it feels good
it's like feels good for the soul you
know yeah
it's definitely something I've lacked
but it's like filling me up being here
at the moment anyway I will catch you
guys in the morning
oh yes more children s vibes hopefully
the weather's alright
but yeah I'm feeling happy I feeling
pretty happy I hope you guys are as well
peace out enjoy life near the adventure
