wazzup guys I'm Harry from Durham hands
are there and you're watching from blue
--boom the staff of the custom staff of
the good afternoon guys we've seen after
late breakfast with the gang and today
is another beautiful day in LA and I
think these are finished we're going to
head down to the beach go quick escape
pretty much I'll plan every day
what is that cop the blue cab not pay
you happy power pretty cool no to be a
little bit little bit coffee it gives
you yeah you got a careful back here
that's great to drink a cup of milk guys
before we head out
riah doing her first live stream an
Instagram yeah I don't know if you can
see we're kind of in the Sun hey guys
wait now that yeah hey guys
yeah I haven't even done I haven't even
done a live stream on Instagram man I
think I should probably be that see I
just found out that Jess
and then if you remember road warrior
Jess to this stuff that we helped
crowdsource
for him a few years back anyway he's in
town and currently suffering a little
bit of a clean out of his bus so going
to go down and yeah see how it is
yeah how is life are you doing me a big
hug man how you doing buddy
right right yeah it's good to see you
briefly and it's good to see stuff as
well we I'm going to cool back later on
it's just clearing out at the moment but
I'll bring right back later and we'll go
I'll give you a little cool we can hear
a little bit about what you clean up to
do is get specific to our whole scored
this road our auditor success ting we
are testing the big mug I don't know let
me put that over where we are finally
rolling out well show two new boards our
comfort and remember this is fine yeah I
like it I like this a night
so if your daughter I got my own luminar
right oh no it's not yeah we don't
bamboo I like it it's pretty cool right
oh it's got like a clear grip sight
uh-huh wait your boards are safe stop
the shots are destined to be stopped the
beat hey stop the shot the best the
season
please stop the beat shocked about you
so much much yeah those guys you love
with it well what's it like being back
on the board
yeah get a hang about you they did the
place to do as well this is like we're
skateboarders and invent it yeah was it
dog sound right this is a famous ice
cream store and a bikini look how long
the lining is a serious girls have you
chosen your flavors they're three so you
have a few 31 in it
away you don't know I think earlier what
choice would be the Black team open up
that is why the only vegan observe all
sorts of things I'm gonna try the third
scream out I'm not so sure the tea
flavor bubble tea
well that's interesting
not at hangar
oh I like
my own
Oh
I just thought helping me I want it
doing the darkness I want to rollerblade
and yeah what we do with these guys we
just did this ticket skate line where
Cody's are the front pulling us and it's
boosted me I'd like six of us on the
holding hands trying to again later this
cook with look we've just arrived at
this like a drum circle thing that
happens every Sunday I say we start one
love look all these flags from around
the world
how cool is this have you found Bulgaria
yet yes
Bulgaria somehow the girls are life and
try God flower crown I like it that was
awesome so much like happiness and unity
that was just like loving being together
dancing this long cares very cool very
face we just don't need to worry about
periods of death use go wild and a
complete mix of people as well like
tourists you can tell some of them a
lots of regular locals they come down
with a drum start to good vibes
unfortunately we're not going to stick
around here till Sunday I think we're
going to try and cruise over to Venice
pier and find a find a nice little spot
to chill with our squad
you
we're going to try and get the whole
squad on the chain now how you finding
this Raya I love it is so much fun okay
okay
like we're kind of pretty awesome spot
watching sunset this is Venice here and
there's this like massive sand dune
pebbles just chillin on he's just such a
perfect evening
Angelique the ride she's completed the
squad
what's the plan dinner yeah
then at I'm willing odd and ahead enough
still a guy
guys we've had dinner guests joined up
the government to get and where's your
bus you park nearby he's got his bikes
down a few minutes well worth like nice
and there's a good combo having a bus
and then a bike the short trade deborah
saying the passing is a little bit
difficult around here so i need to learn
all these tricks when i bring the school
bus up to LA in this city it's very
challenging
yeah it's did a 24-foot but part is very
tight but you can do it you just have to
take some time yeah I'll have to like it
learn all the spot I think that's the
trick like learning well I have a little
map and I can learn Java right
unfortunately we have run out home check
out gifts off today also we need to do a
bit more cleaning up which I'm going to
quite help with but when I get back to
LA next week we'll schedule enough time
to hang out and I'll have to wander bug
still be able to drive and go meet in
wherever it is but yeah let's do that
yeah
all right cool in a few weeks take care
bye bye so I'm back on hotel unless the
other guys because I heard we had a hot
tub and had it closed at 10 p.m. it is
actually also 10 p.m. now and no one
want to tell me off so I'm just going to
chill in here a bit longer
and it must be a cool time to chat to
you guys a bit me and Ryan's been saying
this but there's just something so good
about the atmosphere here now a lot of
people don't like it la because there's
a fake slide to it and I don't know I
guess some of the people here
are difficult to connect with but we've
found kind of the complete opposite and
I wonder whether it's this particular
area in Venice
and the kinds of people we gravitate
towards who are creative and ambitious
and stuff but that's been my main vibes
is that people here are like just
wanting to do things in their lives and
they want to achieve things and see
their dreams and hustle whatever it is
must feel like that's a positive thing
to be around right now yeah that's what
I'm thinking and yes it will bring you
guys along on the journey and thanks for
kind of sticking with watching this
YouTube channel even when I'm not going
to traveling constantly or you know
maybe the videos and creating day to day
on quite what you subscribe to but I
just wanted to say that I really
appreciate and value you guys and that
you've enabled me to yet live the life I
am and opened all the doors of
opportunity I have and I'd love to
continue to find ways to like involve
you guys and things I'm doing and I
don't planning events or I don't know a
little giveaway I might actually try
this week to do a live stream which will
be to be cool for kind of interaction
anyway those are things of thinking and
yes I hope you guys are having a great
day wherever you are in the world and
tomorrow I'll see you because we are
getting a train all the way to San
Francisco it's like 11 hours and it's
going to be pretty epic
of the morning heat down enjoy life in
every adventure
