hey I'm from I'm from England and I'm
Carly hearing slightly cloudy Marrakech
Morocco and you're watching Ponte Louie
good morning guys
if I could play have cooked an amazing
breakfast and yeah and the Sun is out
and I'm so happy and this coffee alright
is like a it what is it what what's been
picked up there like some onions peppers
mushrooms spinach and now at Kenan Ellie
beans and whether it is like tomato
paste and some avocado yes
hey buddy
he's so chubby going tonight there's
over bro have a housewarming party even
though they've been here like two months
now so we're helping them a little bit
get organized and so I need to find my
shirt stones good a tiny hiding ward
then a figure like this before it's done
another table
I'm doing my bachelor I'm not sure all
right we are heading to our Airbnb that
was singing tonight tomorrow and then
we're going to go skating later on I'm
very excited so we've checked in I've
left Roya over in Venice and I'm headed
over to West Hollywood because I've got
a meeting I don't quite know what to
expect our writers pretty funky hotel
and yeah there's something happening on
the rooftop over here oh yes he's loving
life he did a lovely glow that's how I
feel the Sun comes out I'm gonna hang
out the window well guys like that a
very productive afternoon had a cool
business meeting with some bee
and I've managed to come back down
sibenik - golden our dryer is on their
way over with a skateboard and we just
get accrued up down the beach and yeah
make the most of this weather because
been really bizarre weather last few
days like I've been banging on about a
lot but this is a skating weather right
here I also just heard the bars and
borscht table today we were hoping that
odd and we're will come down so we can
skate around but we might have to do
that tomorrow enough
guys have met back up with Raya you look
so pretty in your dress I feel like
you're going to get freezing and tweedle
sungazer
yeah if somebody's you remember a few
years ago this is a spot where I thought
Darcy how to balance the hair pennyboard
so I thought this way good sport here
this little very slight downhill
gradient that means you can roll on the
board and like learn balance and stuff
I'm gonna let go gotta walk alongside
yeah that's right you can sit right
beside sits right now yeah you got it
you got it
there's a left of it
that's it keep going to the left yeah
yeah
we've spotted a wild soya how is your
training for the video right now oh my
god let's just use again yeah
I'm just hoping to get balance like
coming down it's like slight slope
see guys I'll catch you
we're great again you good night I'll
take you I got you
we're good fellas you're not eating
hahahaha you just get your sight
yeah that's good I'm good
because even when you panic like you
didn't lose control did you see how you
together
let me get dog you need a dog pic of it
look how I read it up are you feeling
you feeling more confident like this
straight road yeah yeah ready for a
party right we've just been chilling
back Marcos and Alex's and we're just
getting ready for the party but before
everyone arrives we're going to cruise
down and pick up our pizzas that we
ordered and munch out we're skating down
in the dark you live in the dark it
Street I know this is so dangerous if
you're just cruising down a hit of crack
in the road what would you do with
what's on the light I need to get I need
to get some headlights my skateboard
yeah I've been trying to get like I'm
trying to get like a lantern yeah to
carry with me one go to bars and be like
to go to be the ultimate hipsters a he
specifically said I don't know how we're
going to carry these rocks cable I'm so
glad you came down to help me I can just
make me the server okay it's awesome to
go
God knows how big with it okay I said we
can skate back with them become going
pizza delivery subsided jalapenos on one
side of them maybe this side here how is
it so big
yeah II agree with you to finish with
the party they only miss one this this
one's all a song to you like I go like
the parties well underway we have
visitors
Hey filthy roommate yes we realized
almost a few years and it's a boyfriend
stores all the time
we've dispensed with it now trying oh my
gosh right so we're trying to plant in
employment and evacuate is a bit of love
from the cause may as well buy a lot of
toys lick you up on tin - Edwin will
stop me now my new friend my lover hand
yeah yeah yeah what's a white chick if I
get all the time but yeah it's awesome
Casanova Lou if you remember back in the
day
Edwin's be my original la homey yeah you
was in my home we're gonna organize
hangin out of it yeah and if you have
the fun you only a couple I smell blood
blows yeah yeah they don't know all the
facts but they know I bought a school
bus zone when we eventually get over to
LA we'll we'll go on a little trip yes
yeah it looks so sick and we have I
literally haven't blinked everyone in a
while because it's been inside catching
up Chang this is a little this is the
spot out here with the fire what is
called is a name for these isn't it yeah
the chiminea
serious on fire duty yeah yeah it's been
a good night one awesome housewarming
party was funny it was a good night yeah
good job I think we should be a regular
thing I'm thinking I think it's once
that once a month or so maybe like
something is good yeah
I like that I like your lingo till air
guys did you have a good night at the
party Riya
it's only completely people I love
showed up and we all got something out
is what people that like are my really
good friends separately but don't really
know each other that well together but
now I'm like connecting everyone yeah I
felt tonight even more like oh my gosh
la is our place oh my god yeah oh my
gosh this guy this and let me say again
just built like hours of casual
conversation with quasi people I haven't
seen in a long time
yeah I'm only expecting that I was
expecting that depth of kind of
conversation of the party yeah with some
gift and yeah I just have a feeling the
longer we stay in LA the more
opportunities we get hanging out with
our friends and the sense of community
I've been asking for so many years it's
going to come back and the new friends
were making as well I just I feel like
I'm at the right place right now and you
don't worry I'll still be doing lots of
travel adventures and stuff but I feel
like this would be the place that we'll
be coming back to and quite a bit this
year
cool right I seen your morning peace out
enjoy life and if adventure boom
