hey guys I'm doing a sit-down video
today with Ryder we are doing the 1-2-3
tag and then afterwards we're going to
be doing the boyfriend tag on her
channel we score the one two three tags
variant Alfie did it we've seen other
people do it and just sell funny I
thought it'd be cool to see how well we
knew each other basically the way it
works is that we're gonna like I'm gonna
have all the questions on a stair
question so something like what you
broke into a food they both answer it I
do I think it's going to say he says
what the answer is and that yes you'll
get it it's really easy to get I feel
like we're going to be pretty good at it
I hope so got my 24/7 together we'll see
first question if your boy wanted having
a bad day what would you do to cheer
them up 1 2 3
mmm oh yeah knew it that's the reason I
guess when other way around okay 1 2 3
oh okay go but then I was like okay what
would you do that with here Mia yeah he
told me it hear me okay so yeah that was
really close cos Chi go it was a kind of
thing the bathroom while you were
pedaling if your boyfriend could get
married to a movie star who would it be
just probably on her name the high body
I can't even remember everything you
come back 1 2 3
tomorrow oh that's an answer listen yeah
everyone does Emma Watson cytosin Erik
yeah yeah listen this guy was good on
you want to give you a hint I have no
idea I'm gonna go ahead even say his
character this is hard
I think this because we're not really
into like yeah I mean I never talk about
this guy yeah this is like weird kind of
like he knows you like yeah having new
life and they like all my girlfriend's
that I think you thought I would really
show you 1 2 3
girls yeah yeah what is your boyfriend's
ultimate favorite movie ok ok ready 1 2
3 the matrix yeah
I success point no but it's like arena
I'm winning right makes them like all
you know and yeah you anyway huh I don't
know I made you guys are keeping score
that's not who wins at the end okay no I
won
you think you know yeah okay one two
three
Love Actually yeah do you mean I'm glad
okay
if you're bored when could be a
celebrity for a day who would he be okay
I give you him it's an older man and hey
I need a legend
whoa what one two three he's like not
was all lesson yeah but he is angel I
don't know what Obama's even doing now
but I just think I think I was a legend
he's like water a shameless baby stop a
foundation right with Michelle oh yeah I
don't know I know I see I was gonna
guess you on my that what if that was
another one up yeah yeah okay I guess
for me no I do you know I think okay one
two three
beyond that yeah who would want to be
Beyonce forget you would want to be
beyonc√©'s oh yeah we think about being
a woman
what is your boyfriend's most repeated
sentence or phrase my cookie is fright
oh okay but besides that Oh besides that
mini yeah one two three okay guys I need
coffee
yeah okay with you my one oh I know this
is okay there's gonna be a huge clue but
this is what I say to you yeah like a
lot okay one two three
love you yeah this isn't dead this is
motive personal things obsolete
we love each other like a lot if your
boyfriend to listen to one style of
music for the rest of their lives what
would it be so easy one two three guess
what Oh dad um what it's well dad yeah
you're right because I was thinking
typical because a lot of the
instrumental tracks are use a hit over
there like using jazz and funk kind of
like and so influence yeah you're right
though that's me okay
I know you better than you know yeah you
do is it okay
okay for me city it is genre yeah okay
okay one two three
travel glass yeah whenever loaded but
any trouble going house though on your
life your partner was ever in jail what
would be the reason parody one two three
trespassing okay sure yeah I don't trust
us that often but like often when you're
exploring pool place yeah you kind of
wonder off the beaten track yeah and
then I was probably film it and now yeah
I like it I think they'll be like you've
literally shown yourself but we didn't
like break into someone's house or
something but it's like if there's a
place that's like you know out here
you're you're very much like wow I feel
like this multiple blogs where I felt
like literally found evidence against
myself breaking the law but it's all
like - why did you go to jail
I feel letters like nothing okay yeah
one two three processing oh yeah I'm
missing cats I think as I was going to
come with you whatever you do but yeah
if there's something that's really where
protesting and like we're like holding a
chain against like you know I mean I can
totally imagine I feel getting arrested
totally what is your way around ultimate
favorite TV show is this really hard
because I didn't know that we watches so
many TV shows my ultimate TV show yeah
one two three 2424 is like a classic
yeah you talk about it so many like I do
bring up 24 like one of the original
classic TV shows that I really loved
what's your guys
favorite TV show let me know yellow
because I want to actually look what's
my TV show could be needs Mike we do my
free time I have and car do you watching
with 10 okay okay I don't not go Milan
and they're my clothes you haven't seen
my one okay I've got it
okay one two three baby yeah you did
talk about that Kaiser yeah yeah it
looks like some city like helped shape
me in the woman yeah but you said that
numbers of them like war I didn't get it
but I haven't seen it because I like I
was a boarding school so me and all my
friends II sit around watching section
city and like learn about life what is
your boyfriend's worst accident okay
okay ready yes one two three scape later
go yeah I see the thumbnail for a video
my other words no I can't watch that you
know something you know you don't see
the accident you just see the Altima
okay what's it doing like crying it does
yeah why I want to do that so every so
upset
I don't know that yours I was it was a
long time ago
that's my clue oh I okay okay one two
three skip accident oh I knew it
something weird there's a scooter-cide
hell and I fell I remember you telling
me Michael with the bike okay it's kind
of hot
yeah pretty good okay and then last one
what is it working really good at well
the program in I feel like some kind of
a good all-rounder they something like
honing on one thing I'm good at with it
skill or like a personality trait I'm
like I know people are better at that
than me
yeah but doesn't you have to be the best
ever but like something that you just
feel you're good at okay
yeah one two three general right people
ah yeah that's a good I mean it just
because I hid you say do I inspire them
that I'm like oh I must be good at that
yeah yeah I said generous and also add
arrows where was driven just because how
do you guys realize this but he saves up
every night was matter how tired he ran
I wonder what's happening he gets the
vlog done like he was with hundred last
night 6:30 or something yeah
six days it's like your work ethic I've
never seen anything be a bad and a good
thing but it's good to feel like
motivated it's good for daily vlogging
like unless you had that work I think I
may be able to daily vlog do that's
crazy
okay okay okay do you yeah one two three
finally be good yeah yes the same thing
yeah yeah yeah I feel like even with our
ups and downs and like sometimes that
stress the travel like you are really
positive compared to so many other
people I know you like even if we're
having a bit of a like a stressful day
you used to bring pollutants when I
stinky so that's pretty fun dogs a
little bit different we are now about to
go and film the boyfriend tag so I'll
link back here go subscribe to Riya and
yeah we'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life mid adventure
