everyone on color I'm feeling very
stately sir are you having an amazing
day and you're watching some fluid good
afternoon guys
we have just arrived in downtown LA to
attend a travel convention like a Travel
Show which apparently is one of the
biggest thing in the world so going to
go in chatter some tourism boards some
different travel companies and yeah if
we line up some cool trip for later in
the air just finding the people we want
to me already going into the bail
overwhelming there's lots of things to
see
so I don't know if it'll be there random
we canwe jumping from place to place
these things are happen why I at the
moment is if mascots plays which I'm
going to probably have a little math or
later and also lawyers pointed out all
thank you
this is mushroom and coffee this
they just think I didn't think Oh period
month
these are veggie burgers
this is pretty cool listen people
teaching how to cook dishes other than
that like Rahab the guy could just come
to the Maori tourism board and they're
just giving me this little span that
plugs into the bottom of the phone here
check this out
it's going to blow your mind ready
powered by my iphone it's actually quite
it's definitely quite a strong back Hank
rivet
this is really help we've I'd like
really really hot this is one of the
coolest little travel gadgets I've seen
in a long time
look at that we found a little dog he
does
those how matter there they have humid
over training in this convention center
well I just had a 25 minute massage and
I'm feeling pretty relaxed from now
continuing to wander through all the
exhibition stance Steve anything catches
my eyes there's so many tourism bill
care that it's difficult to know where
to start
I've got feeling there'll be one or two
around like British Columbia I
definitely want to go to Columbia that's
today Google
ah
I've hijacked one of these fold away
mobility scooters so I'm going for a
little cruise I'm getting old guys I'm
feeling walking around all day it's
exhausting back
it depicts the way the trouble enjoyed
the driver
this is amazing this is actually amazing
I'm going to go and try and find ryr in
Laura
so I think things are wrapping up in
about 45 minutes we have just been
productive conversation mainly just
getting contact to the marketing team
see we can organize the press but
there's yeah there's a lot of cool
countries and even thought about
visiting them expectantly
let's go to head I just don't it
how much today he's online twenty seven
fifty right here too so say ringing
could you got it right we are done and a
very very company we're a we're done Wow
yeah I said I was talking collectively
we we've had a very productive awesome
and agree yeah as a good we have just
driven up to meet a guy that was
changing Twitter just north of Malibu in
a canyon cotton mill Topanga Canyon
anyways in relation to looking at land
the possibility of talking my big school
bus that I brought up here somewhere and
yeah a lot of you mentioned this guy's
name's rich roll I think he's like an
athlete and vegan and has a podcast
which I might maybe be interviewed on
today but yeah anyway a lot of you
suggest I talk to him so we've just
arrived at place and I'm about to me so
guys this is rich in sis's play going
welcome without saying look how
beautiful this place is right in the
hills this is lovely
as if your office over here yes my boy
trappers this is a cool site just get
finished rolling it so I haven't quite
figured out yeah I wanna
it doesn't feel like you're in a
container they know immediately you know
we insulated it drywall we have like
obviously my fine yeah oh my god trying
to figure out how i I just kind of
staged all this stuff here but
ultimately I'm going to figure out a way
oh you got a electric skateboard as oh I
just got that yeah how's this is better
at least it it's different
oh yeah it's a much thicker bullet and
thicker here in the motor is actually
inside here as opposed to here and the
batteries are in the bowl of it and
battery is here and you can you can swap
it out to bring an extra battery so
you're never you never run out
yeah let that go this is an amazing
location check this out
just so much land it look at that oh
it's amazing
this would be a very cool bedroom I
guess
don't know how you've got the rain
though one of the things we were
chatting about with rich was just about
communal living and living with other
people rather than just in your own
little family unit unit you know in the
suburbs which is something that
interested me for a long time is finding
other people finding some land at some
stage as you know with a whole kind of
treehouse vision yeah plot of land like
this could be pretty cool all right I'm
going to head in now and start this
podcast the thing is like a 90-minute
podcast I think he does in like most
weeks he said or like maybe more than
one switch so guys this is the music
studio in Rich's garage and this is
Harry messy gonna play me a little track
from the album they're making
I'll link harrion is my music in the
description just sent me the soundcloud
linguist audience I've got online and
anything they're going to release this
album see you got a sneak peek and yeah
I guess I'm going to do their talking
now but don't really know what we're
talking about but I like talking so it's
good thing cool you ready to rock yeah
buddy let's do it
cool we've been talking for two hours
straight what are we talking about now
all this sudden to go further
thanks for coming up to the house man
stand on
it's been good getting to know you a
little bit like flowers and I've been
following your journey for quite some
time so well the podcast was was a bit
longer than expected
two hours of talking very very cool
really like rich he's awesome
he said the podcast will be out in like
a few weeks or maybe a month so I'll
keep you guys posted when that comes out
but yeah we're also going to talk about
I don't know I just don't like he's very
interesting I think there's a lot of a
lot of things I love to chat to him
about so I think we're going to stay in
touch
we're now heading back down into la
kitten food we are very hungry and it
goes have been very patient waiting
whilst we did Apple costly thanks girls
it's been a very chilled evening and
it's been a very good day very
educational
firstly just learning a lot about like
kind of travel industry although I would
call myself travel vlogger and there's a
whole kind of other area of the industry
and things people are doing out there so
going to the travel adventure show was
yeah Bevan Iassogna hopefully like I
said make some good connections and then
this evening meeting rich and just
learning about his world I guess kind of
meeting people from a completely
different sphere doing very different
things like the whole podcast industry
xi know anything about those it's called
- yeah be a part of that and just really
good discussions
he's a very good interviewer so thanks
rich for having me on and I'll link to
all this stuff below so you can kind of
check them out and check out some of the
other podcast he's done as well
fascinating people yes somebody I hope
to keep in contact with and hopefully
there's some future things there I feel
like on a lot of levels and we're a
similar wavelength about life and the
world and yeah good guy anyway I will
see you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
