hello guys we are Dennis and Ola from
traffic anybody and you're watching one
fluid good afternoon guys we're back in
LA we drove in late last night we've
just driven the Wonder bug down to Santa
Monica and me Laura and Raya are going
to go shopping I need to buy some more
appropriate to wear for skating and
stuff so I'm going to go and get some
skates
also I'm going to get helmet so I can
cruise around on my boosted boards
responsibly and yes I'm going to go and
do a bit of shopping basically but it is
a Saturday to be people busy
all right checking out the first shop ms
right start with them looking at some
van I really don't know much about
fashion and shoes and stuff they didn't
have these in my size but I'm gonna try
the the low the low top one they're
pretty cool either these or another
these what do you think of allegiance
guys in there cool
we'll be found maybe he's skateboarding
shoes they go with the board colors they
communicate in a same go out anymore and
running - okay I just realized you've
got almost identical - yeah yeah and
then now we're both trying on knife yeah
there you go
and these are these made me for running
Janna Lord is testing out her running to
like it yeah they're reading it they did
look it is racist an obsessive baby food
identified you can and all things I've
never had a friend like another friend
that's how to be more specific I'm
exercising
oh good okay this is the place I found
online with a range of kind of skating
gesture quite like these ones
twelve well alright I'll be the top here
cool so these are you know it big
good anecdote they look really good
where does he go
yeah they look good okay it turns out
though this is like it escapes the
fashion store they don't have like some
of the more sports equipment like
helmets so you just given me the name of
the place down the road we're going to
go check out so I'm definitely gonna get
these guys I feel like they're way more
suited to skating anything choir boy
Zoe present yes so Ella is so crazy
oh good night
yes siree so random
well this is really cool you see how you
get a bike like that which you did get
beach cruiser right look at some type of
helmet I'm quite like this more kind of
solid helmet maybe not like bright
greens that not stuck for clarity's more
like cycling helmet though
instead try I found a helmet that's miss
no boarding helmet I like it these evict
or I'm gonna try this guy as well
here the clip show this brand the triple
XL goes up the PICU we point five bins
mirrors and I just like this one so that
60 or simile is known employ them better
this is my favorite type of shopping
where you can just walk in you know what
you need you get it and get out okay no
like waiting around and taking all day
fine things you need this is it this is
productive hello he's getting there
oh it's awesome men riot going to go and
get like a bunch of new clothes don't
need to update my wardrobe what are we
going to do it this week okay yeah oh
yeah guys tweet me like the style of
clothing you think I should don't worry
like homework yeah thank you homework I
don't know I feel like they got
particular body type and lifestyle and
stuff I feel like it certain fashion
that will fit me and see me another for
the Wednesday and he's be inspired
because I'm not really into fashion
you just throwing some of the shopping
in the van and I got my boosted board
and I'm trying my helmet out okay I'm
going to how pretty the sky oh my god
Oh
yeah whoo right we are now heading to
get some dinner the girls want to cook
some food tonight so against Trader
Joe's going to get a bunch of smoothie
ingredients as well as we're basing
after the bag of road tasks for the week
which make smoothies again I'm pretty
excited
oh yeah committee at all the banana 63
banana see guys this is what healthy
food looks like all there granola not
healthy
does anyone tried this vegan ice cream
made of coconut milk we have literally
bought the entire store hey guys we're
back at the house and we are making
dinner which I'm so excited about
because we never ever disclose so what
we're doing tonight
the ghost gums quinoa cooking away she's
got earlier on marijuana we have got
green and Metcalfe and and red onion and
then we get on some mushrooms in yeah
and then some cilantro and scene and
some corn and meat and cheese yeah this
is true like mayor of almond cookie and
then sun-dried tomato as well this may
look like a Mexican quinoa warm salad
head oh god welcome away and I will call
this into on top so yeah I think it was
like really good cheap easy healthy
recipes to make together students earn
anything out there saving up to travel
really yeah Darren and I was going to an
artsy shot film you know Ryan don't get
a man from the tree outside doesn't hurt
like a little bit
nobody said it was
No
okay the next coming along well teen was
almost ready got all these things chops
up ready together and the lemon lab side
really so good
we need the clock tonight is ready good
job girls Thank You T for the wrong
Emily he hasn't done right yeah economy
well I'm really hard maybe Nye whoo
we've had a lovely evening the girls
cooked a delicious meal and it's been a
pretty fun day pretty chilled I'm very
happy with my new shoes and yeah it was
good to be back here for a little bit
especially with the wonder bug I don't
know I feel like I was saying I've kind
of been reunited and and there's going
to be many adventures I think later in
the week we're thinking of driving up to
Palm Springs or Joshua Tree or something
and yeah technically that's been getting
some cool photos and starfighters with
the van but yeah yeah lots of lots of
cool things planned this week I'm going
to continue looking for somewhere to
park the big school bus that I bought so
I'll keep you posted on that
and I may be meeting some people up in
them Topanga Canyon to see we can find a
spot and yeah just generally catching
out with friends here I think the
weather is going to clear up a bit and
yeah catch you guys in the morning
give me Sunday tomorrow we're going to a
big Travel Show so we're going to be
meeting a lot of people and hopefully
organizing some fun trips
peace-out enjoy life and live the
adventure
