hey I'm naturally big Brit I'm from New
York City and I'm currently inside of a
glacier in Iceland and you are watching
fun samui good morning guys we are in
Berkeley if this has been breakfast and
we are now going to go and get some
supplies for our roadtrip today we're
heading back down to LA the wonder bug
is getting some final kind of little
repairs there's nothing majorly wrong
with it I was getting an oil change and
you know they're just fixing a few
little things and then the plan is this
afternoon I'm going to hit the road
unfortunately the weather day isn't
great so we still Don a decide whether
we're going to go on the coastal road or
whether we're just going to go to the
fastest route which is about six or
seven our driver think all right I got
all the popcorn there's a good snack
Thanks
there she is ready to roll ok so this is
the situation guys this is the punctured
tire if you can see there's like em it's
like some staple or something or some
kind of nail stuck on the side I'm just
going to get this replaced because
that's the quickest thing that they
still said they're backed up for a
couple of hours so they said if I can
take this off they will switch it out as
quick as possible and then I can just
mount it back on myself so that's
talking to try and do plan oh cool
you want to put your hand right here so
I don't fall off yeah yeah yeah perfect
thanks you're welcome ok all right now I
get it
yeah the guys get hit more even is that
right for the tire on and fine up these
guys to help cut back on and we're done
right it's finally time to go with the
girls six hours google map Dez but it's
probably going to be more like eight or
nine hours I think
guys that was ridiculous
we've been really low on fuel as we left
and the first part of the journey to get
out vertically was like heroes like
there and then like a windy road knows
where oh my gosh you're never going to
find petrol but thankfully we just made
it were like on the last day of red you
guys ready for six-hour Drive yeah I
think I'm in plain clothes yeah sweet
semen that we say yeah okay maybe we hit
eight back and then sell the truck so
we're not even an hour into the journey
yet but we had this idea to listen to
some podcasts on the drive down and I
remembered like last year of the year
before that famous crime detective
podcast came out called serials that was
just done listening to that we're not
even an hour in yet pretty fascinating
so the first of our food has come out
got a spicy noodle soup golden rolls and
the mango smoothie which I'm very
excited about this place is awesome
I don't even know what these visit up
what's up I think that's the tofu no no
this is the type that could be the soy
protein no this is soy protein okay we
got some steamed broccoli and
righteousness came out and I'm pretty
jealous it's like a coconut power thing
an exile coconut curry
Google Maps there's five hours remaining
so that's pretty good that's not bad 350
miles let's do it this is a really good
podcast right now so words we wanted it
was wasn't it lovely it's been a very
stormy drive so far it's only just
stopped raining so we pulled over have a
little bathroom break got a coffee and
I'm hoping there's not a lot more rain
and but who knows
we're making good time they're making
very good time there's only four hours
left and she's holding up okay there was
a one slightly worrying moment where we
still wasn't a bit of traffic and she
wouldn't immediately start again and I
was like I'll know is there a problem
but there was no problems that would get
right we've stopped again and we've made
a decision guys we're going to go all
the way to LA we were thinking of
stopping a few hours away and you know
finding little motel Oh something's up
we're going to go all the way and
another thing is something of also
reminded of is that there is no heating
in the wonder bug and for some reason
it's really cold right now so that's
something I'm going to try and figure
out because it would be good to take the
wonder bug on future road trips all over
America even some of the colder state so
I'm going to looking for like a small
heating system for the front and the
reason that he is what bad obviously
it's an old vehicle but because the
engines at the back it's hard to pump
the heat and then any even when we do
have the heating on it's actually kind
of pumping a bit of the fumes it's one
bit oily and stuff so one of the issues
is having an old an old vehicle but yeah
I'm still awake we are eight episodes
into the cereal pasta and it's riveting
and I think that's one of the things
that's making this roadtrip pretty fun
is just yeah I've never done like a
walking podcast and road trip luggage
they highly recommend them
got a little bit extracted and BOTS and
things always helpful
typically I taught this hammer because I
had a problem earlier when I was them
getting this tire replaces I couldn't
get this hubcaps off
I tried loaders and things ended up
having to get them to help me at the
tire place but this hammer here I can i
can easily prize that hubcap off if I
ever need to and and I've got this to
check there's any electrical problems
these screwdrivers and the techs kind of
whether there's a live current or not
electrical tape and then there we call
the mole grips that these are called
curve your locking pliers I'm going to
use for this the employed handles broken
on this door say even though it's like
1:00 in the morning I'm I get easily
distracted by anything how you go
feeling great yeah yeah have you told
them of the podcast yeah I've told them
yeah we were just saying that like it's
totally keeping us away because they're
just gripped by Laura fell asleep the
mission but I don't blame you I don't
blame you one company though cause it is
no reason huh I'm okay
he's a really quite be all right let me
try was it like to spicy
no but I guess this will be giveaway
that they could be like a flaming chili
on it well guys we got to LA it's 3
o'clock in the morning waiting belayer
maybe like half three so it was very
long drive but a very riveting podcast
didn't the other crazy thing it has been
latest storm warnings we've been seeing
on the news and about landslides in
Southern California and even in Studio
City there was a sinkhole opened up into
cars fell in because the amount of
flooding here so yeah the rain is crazy
thankfully we're safe and there wasn't
any major problems but yeah it's a good
job we made it and I'm very ready for
some sleep now
oh alright catch guys in the morning
hopefully the weather will clear up a
bit
peace out enjoy a nice little adventure
