good morning guys I'm in Cape Town again
I'm back and this time I'm not leaving
for probably a couple of months we are
in a place mean Raya and we've just come
out for lunch with Bridget and this is a
vegan place in Cape Town in C Point I
got falafel wrap these are flapjacks
this is what they call flap this in
England that's not what those are but
still that's like it kind of pancakes
and then a vegan burger and this is like
a really cool place if during Kate time
you need to come here
we're just going to chill here for a few
hours do some laptop Club and there yeah
we've got the whole day and it's so nice
here because the Sun doesn't set to
light after 7 p.m. and it is a beautiful
beautiful there
big fan of them using the last drawers
in there as well I did for a little
while thing that I was gonna carry
around my own drawer with me everywhere
but realistically that's just not gonna
happen so I really appreciate places
which don't have plastic straws
where we just arrived
and I do live music
let's have a look look around apparently
this is the best hummus in the world
yeah
very good hummus
immediately in my whole mouth
okay let's get something to go
okay we have our hummus
we've now walked down to the beach front
at sea point that's where we are right
see point this is a really cool spot to
watch the sunset guys but we're not
gonna be here when it's sunset but we're
gonna go for a little stroll along the
shore now
so all of the see around here has this
like kelp forest which is like this big
thick green seaweed forest I don't know
whether it's just this time of year or
it's all year round but although the sea
is freezing I am I genuinely tempted to
go scuba diving in the kelp forest
because it looks incredible like unlike
any other kind of scuba diving I've done
and yeah I think the marine life is
pretty amazing
quite unique so yeah you'll see been was
been most persuading me last week when I
was here so at some point I'm gonna go
in
okay we are back home yes that's right
we have a home I don't know you saw our
video the other day but we did like the
little livestream where we talked about
how me and Raya moved in together we've
been traveling for like two years
non-stop but this is the first time in
like five years that I've been in one
spot where I can like unpack and call my
home so we're both really excited and I
realized I haven't shown you where we
are yet so I'm gonna do a really brief
house tour and Raya also did a house
tour which you can check below or link
below but then I want to show you my
office space which I'm excited about so
let's start the kitchen this is our
kitchen obviously all the usual things I
managed to get some vegan protein powder
I brought from the UK so we're making
smoothies we have a nutribullet and I
haven't ventured into cooking yet other
than like heating up soup thankfully
this ubereats here and there's lots of
amazing restaurants with delicious food
nearby right let's head through this is
our living room area check this out hey
so we've been chilling here doing some
laptop Club and watching movies and
stuff yeah this is where Rhys main
workstation is look at that view guys
that is spectacular and but yeah what an
amazing office space what's your
favorite thing about having a place I
think just
we're both like an entire routine people
but being able to wake up and have a
smoothie and yes it on my desk yeah
productivity what else got my booster
board like you saw the other day managed
to get this in the country called cheeky
little penny board there as well right
one thing I haven't touched on yet guys
I'm gonna make a whole video on this
there few of you have been asking me
about it but it's the water shortage in
Cape Town so just to show you quickly
we're collecting all of the runoff water
and we're having showers so this is
referred to as grey water and then we
use this to flush the toilet when we
need to which all stone it sounds gross
but after we pee we don't flush in
Capetown that is the way to roll you
leave pee in and then I've seen you do a
number to use this a flush doing the
same for the sink more washing our hands
today as of today or yesterday the
restrictions on personal water user
things come down to like 50 or 60 litres
of person again I'll touch on all of
that and explain the whole situation in
a whole independent vlog so I want to
make a whole like video just on that
right let's move on bedroom obviously
this you know nice bedroom space for the
first time in since I can remember I've
actually got a space for my clothes I
don't have many clothes but it's nice to
have them all they're accessible right
on to my office right this is supposed
to be the spare bedroom but as we shared
in the livestream the other day one of
the problems that we were anticipating
about moving in together was how messy I
can be now today's an exception because
I've cleared the office off and I've
made it all neat and organized but
generally I'm pretty messy when it comes
to my workspace so Rio is panicking I
was thinking oh I hope this doesn't like
break us apart but thankfully because
we've got spare room there's a desk in
here I've set this up as my office and
this is my space and if it gets messy or
I can just close the door and we can
keep the rest of the house tidy so
that's the plan anyway finally I'm going
to show
my workspace now talk about what I'm
doing out here what I have so yeah so
the look ok so I have my macbook pro set
up for all of my editing and as you know
the reason I'm facing out here in Cape
Town is to work on Beyond Borders
documentary the world fly me and JP flew
around the world for three months and
now we need to crack on with creating a
masterpiece of a documentary for you
guys so good news is a little update
we've found a kind of head editor editor
who's going to take on the project and
they will get out from there and see who
else we need whether we need i guess as
it is as it progresses we may need
someone to score music the sound design
a colorist and potentially a writer if
we're struggling with the kind of the
plot but and yeah that's where we're at
and in order to kind of do the handover
for him to really start working on that
the project that the few things that
needed to do so these four terabyte hard
drives have been where I've been storing
all of the world flight footage so these
are quite slow hard drives and obviously
there's different files kind of mixed
amongst the hard drives and I've been
creating various projects of my vlogs
over the three months trip and it's all
a bit confusing and all those books that
you're shooting like these are cameras
I'm shooting on so they have the same
file names and I forgot to kind of add
unique file names so it's all got bit
confusing so I spent the last few days
sorry I haven't been uploading as much
but send a lot few days transferring all
of that onto this raid G Drive 3G
technologies raid I think this is a
twelve terabyte hard drive so this is
much faster it's actually a Thunderbolt
2 or USB 3 connection and I've offloaded
all of the blog footage onto that then
had to go through meticulously
reconnecting all of the blog files
premier does have an OP
kind of searches but anyway I've got to
rename them always unique names go
through reconnect them all so I've got
one project now with every vlog so it's
kind of a framework for how we can start
building the documentary obviously
there's a lot of other footage the
interviews and stuff which we're gonna
be kind of putting in building the story
out but this is this is the the bad boy
I'm going to be handing over this is the
the work I'm doing this week all going
on here and yeah I'm excited I'm really
excited about kind of not just the set
up and getting it ready but to seeing it
come to life and getting a traditional
kind of editor on board yeah he's very
experienced understands the kind of the
the formatting for documentaries and his
worked in the TV industry and stuff so
hopefully that with my kind of vlogging
experience we can kind of come together
jps gonna head head out to Cape Town at
some point soon and help us start really
you know all of us together we're gonna
be shaping this so a few other things
I'll show you what my self is here what
I've managed to get down to Cape Town so
got all my camera's a 7s a 7r I'm
shooting on another ace of an S we've
got the twelve to six twelve to
twenty-four lens
eighty-five one point four twenty eight
two and the 24/7 PG master then groans
as usual the other day I've got the
Mavic air this is a very exciting drone
and then I've got the Matic pro GoPro
your GoPro fusion spectacles snapchat
spectacles have news these in a while
but got all my charging station here big
battery pack Mavic Pro batteries got on
mice Tony's got another hard drive so
I'm gonna duplicate this once I've
handed this over to Nick our editor and
then a little USB charging port the
other thing guys is internet is
difficult out here in Cape Town and they
haven't really got like fibre cables
around the Holika town and we're in an
area called Clermont and the Internet's
patchi's for the two mobile providers
that I've tested out here for data of
Vodacom and telecom and both pretty good
fast speeds has been great uploading
that I found that telecoms a lot cheaper
and so we've got two phones so we've got
the Samsung essay doing a hot spot and
then I've also trying out the new Google
pixel - phone which we're just using as
a hotspot at the moment but this has got
the telecom card in SIM card so that's
giving us Internet in here and both are
loaded up with a ton of data so we can
just use the internet to as much as we
want which is really really cool
finally got my little cupboard here
bunch of audio gears and sign Heiser
mics the radio mic you're using in the
world trip in case you want to do some
more interviews here we're going to need
to do some audio of me and JP they're
doing and kind of post interviews and
narration on the whole documentary site
we need to set that up at some point and
yeah and some loom cue some lighting
oh yeah one last thing guys you probably
knows this webcam that I've cut on my
macbook pro and basically they don't
like the built-in webcam and I'm gonna
try out this Logitech one for doing so
the live streaming as you know I've been
doing kind of will try to do weekly live
streams in YouTube just to mix it up a
little bit and so yeah it's gonna be fun
I hope you enjoyed my brief office tour
and I will keep you updated as we make
progress and you guys will meet Nick the
guy that helping us on the documentary
and yeah I'll talk you through different
stages there's some exciting news on for
those of you interested on the way that
we're transcribing all the interviews
and being able to search through all the
content we have which again on I'll
explain in a later blog but anyway there
you go guys that is a pretty thorough
office tour and yeah I love having a
space it's something that you guys
probably take for granted but when you
travel all the time like me and Riya
it's actually an amazing feeling
have a base somewhere to base out of and
I think that's gonna be hopefully or
plan moving forward in our lives is
always having some kind of base
even if we're still traveling and doing
stuff that we you can always come back
to so the Sun has just set and the moon
has just risen and this is a very very
special moon tonight guys this is called
the super blue blood moon and those are
all three occurrences which happen with
the moon a blue moon a Blood Moon and a
super moon but to all occur at the same
time it is very very rare I don't know
when the last one happened but I think
it was a long long time ago and the
three occurrences are correct me if I'm
wrong but the super moon and I think it
happens maybe want some once a month
where the moon's at its closest point to
earth so it's the it looks the biggest a
blue moon is when there's two full moons
in a calendar month so one of them has
to fall on the first of the month and
one on the 31st because it the full moon
happens every thirty days and then a
Blood Moon I think is something to do
with the moon passing in front of the
Earth shadow from the Sun or something
so it gives it an orange of tint which I
can't see right now anyway I've set up
my camera with this zoom lens check this
out so this is what I'm seeing now I'm
gonna take some photos but I mean it
kind of just looks like a normal moon to
me but yeah
it's very big okay I just found out
actually it isn't a Blood Moon in Cape
Town it is in America and Asia and
Australia and stuff but we didn't get
the blood part so it was just a super
blue moon anyway it's still fun shooting
there I want to get more into kind of
doing time-lapse photography and videos
and shooting night staff and just
generally up my cinematic game and
there's a lot of inspirational people to
learn from out here in Cape Town so I'm
going to try and do that in between
working on the documentary I hope you
enjoy today's vlog seeing what I'm up to
seeing my space seeing how I'm working
now and yeah I'll catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
