hey guys I'm Alex from your friends you
watching farm for we enjoyed this video
boom good morning guys it's a beautiful
day here in San Francisco I've come in
early to the city for a meeting with
Laura and Raya and discovery and then
we're going to go for a little bit of an
explore around the city later on I have
my boosted board and yeah I'm ready for
adventure it's going to be a good day
right we are done with our meetings I've
had lunch and we are now going to head
over towards Golden Gate Bridge and the
plan is the girls are going to get bikes
and I'm going to be in the booty board
we're just going to cruise around for a
little bit you guys ready I've never
been to the Golden Age yeah how awesome
ok well it's good weather yeah it's good
weather is really beautiful
right first stop we are picking up some
bikes I'm going to rent a bike the girls
we've also met with Briers friends and
yeah the three girls are going to be on
the bike I'm going to be on the boots
cause I just managed to find a power
socket to charge it up 100% so I run out
halfway across and then the plan is
picking Eve yet we're going to stay in
cycle across the Golden Gate Bridge
thank you first okay guys I am planning
I'm planning to get like a helmet to
wear when I'm on my booty board but I
haven't got it yet so today I'm not
going to wear a helmet but I'm planning
to very soon so you know I want to be
more station I don't want to encourage
you guys to do high-speed road kind of
transport stuff without them for that
helmet you guys have been charged in
here see it's not like seven percent
extra spent about 15 minutes ago you
know the cool thing with boosted boards
guys you haven't seen if they have an
app yeah hundred percent a range of
almost four miles howdy
you can do it girls you got this yes
Laura at this point I'm feeling a little
bit guilty because the booty board is
too cruising up here no problem but I'll
probably I'll probably run our bathroom
yes ting so where are we found the
perfect spot to take photos and however
it's quite busy so it took us a while
but we managed to get all of our shot
we wanted and now we're going to attempt
to cross the bridge see how this go
pretty long so pretty long which does
anyone know how far across the bridges
like I can probably just look on
Wikipedia but I reckon it hangs out a
mile
how people there
it's not as cold as I thought
you in the blue hat come on back you
cannot walk on that side no pedestrians
on that side
I just got hold off the skateboarding on
the bridge and yeah apparently you're
not a skateboard on the Golden Gate
Bridge
so he said if I carry on skateboarding
I'll get ticket so accident uh because
the girl got a cycle across without me
now and I'm not even allowed to walk
alongside if I have to cross over to the
other side and then walk along the other
side of it I guess I'm going to have to
do now that's not cool
here we go calm believe I didn't see
that man
I wonder why they call that road really
bizarro may have allowed by Queen I love
table
oh thanks this place give me this to the
other side of the priest me the girls
very - did you see me skateboarding on
the other side tire you I want the seat
number California few times a year
other you so I love it here is one of my
favorite places
quick quick this is a cool job good now
I really I love it our super cozy in
your your volunteer
don't let anyone I will do a surprise
widget would water is always there will
hit was it you on it's an opening me off
the cable look no no no that was the
problem
alright let's the offset bar will go
already
20 miles an hour angles by 23
you often pick people up and give them
lists across the bridge oh yeah you're
mine my sir one thing I really
appreciate is a very nice surprise after
thinking I've been up to walk across the
blue keyboard don't worry catch me
hahaha
thank you so much oh look leave anything
thanks great look a nice thing
okay good be man I go girl free yeah
my name's little named Louie yeah three
Boston Wilson have a good day
well it's not fun to go that was so
unexpected how in sort of expenses what
a legend only problem is I've lost the
girls or can't find them anywhere maybe
I'd beat them across I'd be so funny
I got the back of its finest and there's
a key and on the back could you give me
another side of it so dude cycling fine
standing there taking a photo
was it really windy in the middle right
it's probably just thing I wasn't it's
probably good thing I wasn't flogging
you hey guys we strike from all the ways
they're like building Jabba
so we decided we're trying to figure out
her plan how to get all back across
something literally bus there there is a
ferry but I think it's going to take you
long so I've managed to scrap the
booster board to the side of the bike
not touching the wheeler and áthisá
and that's pretty good okay it work
it's actually work I'm pretty proud of
myself oh nice to get a treat to build
on it so we've got we're from Riya
she's only halfway across the bridge so
we must assist sponsor a pastor he's
suggesting that I take the bike back
down we return them and then drive back
up Hey we drive back up and collector
because she's pretty cold so I think
that's a good plan so I'm just going to
cruise that down and the nice thing is
it's all it's all downhill from here so
get a free wheel right we drop the bikes
off picked up Riya and now we're going
to find some of your dinner I'm hoping
we can find any with some live music
maybe some jazz really cool well guys I
found an Ethiopian restaurant she's also
a jazz club very excited this is injera
the bread it's a little bit like a
crumpet mix with a pancake and then
these are arrangements of food but
unfortunately they're all quite pricey
so we're just going to assess which Raya
we'll be able to see
and what
you
amen
I go home we were actually planning to
head back down to LA tonight in the
wonder bug but I have to take into the
garage just to get a few final things
fixed on it just to make sure that it's
in the best condition it can be for the
drive down so we're going to pick that
up tomorrow and head down tomorrow
instead but it's been yeah it's been a
really cool few days in San Francisco
we've had lots of very productive
meetings and yeah a bit of fun today as
well trying to get across the Golden
Gate Bridge of my boosted board now that
just turned out his hilarious situation
but yeah lots of fun and cats and jazz
at that Ethiopian restaurant tonight as
well was like for what being there what
I've been looking for I need to try and
hit up some giant in LA when we get
right down there if you know of any cool
jazz spots in LA let me know in the
comments yeah anyway I'll see you
tomorrow for our our road trip the
beginning of our road trip down to LA in
the wonder bug are conservative it's
going to be so good catching the morning
peace out enjoy life and listen sure but
