hi guys this is David from YouTube Dave
and Merlin Merlin in the United States
and you're watching fun truly live the
adventure whoo
good afternoon guys it is a beautiful
day here in LA
me and Raya are wandering out to the
beach I'm just so excited to be here
feels so good to be somewhere where we
actually like have friends here we're
always traveling somewhere where it's
just the two of us in a random country
but we have so many people to see here
and I'm so and it's it's funny a lot at
the time I don't embrace kind of routine
in my life but I think sometimes it's
important just to get a bit of balance
have a base so we're not planning on
traveling anywhere in the next couple of
weeks but just like recuperate a little
bit I think that's really feel like a
new person already have been here like
I've dated and guys look how amazing
this is compared to the UK right now
it's just glorious
guys check out this house we just found
on my way down to the beach this is like
someone's house it's not like a hotel or
something crazy
it's like freaky gargoyles good how are
you doing Angelique yeah good it's great
to be here I know we need to get
ourselves some bikes like this guys and
then we can cruise around since we were
lost since we lost in LA Sawyer and
Angelique have moved to Santa Monica
whit no wait what to wear Marina del Rey
Venice so we can we can go and check out
that pad later and hang out we have so
many friends that are all in the same
location up guys are pretty sure this is
where I bought my penny board back in
the day unfortunately I don't have it
here with me I'm trying to get hold of
another boosted board to use what about
in California
suitable one penny though that was a
mistake
so stroll back to a bikini to get some
lunch
this place looks really good right food
has come out got some vegetable pasta
sweet potato fries this is like some
amazing avocado aioli and I also got
some sauteed spinach with chili flakes
we had a delicious lunch now heading
that down to the beach I can't get
enough of the beach is it's so good
I just wish had a skateboard there so
let's see anything that can make this
moment brother although if I had a
skateboard I know
Roy is finally gonna let me teach her to
skate so we're gonna try and borrow a
longboard off Sawyer and then like yeah
and we can take it slower we don't need
to rush into like yeah I don't want you
to I don't want it to fall over I've
been just being here like this is the
place and the vibes you know cool is if
you starts him and Anjali will start
eating and then we'll have the coolest
rule of escape
yeah definitely
so we'll know I plans for the next
couple of weeks it's to go surfing
I know this is going to be really cold
so I think I'm going to need a wetsuit
but I am actually up for it the waves
are called is always been going with
Alex and although alex and marko have
gone away for the week yeah I feel like
we can do it they're here
it's okay but this is like a lot better
okay okay so yeah we'll bring you this
week wetsuit board and then yeah we'll
go ahead yup
as usual we've come down to the skate
park check out some of the skaters
sunset saw you're saying because it's a
Saturday we'll probably get some skater
I feel a little disappeared
now the stuff is going in it's going a
little bit chilly I think we're gonna
head back to store and Angelique's now
but there's something so good about the
sea air I want to come down here every
evening it dislike breathing alright
this is my first time at Sawyer and
Angelique's pad nice this your little
office area yeah yeah we see any little
sneak previews okay so this is their
trip to Farley now where this is when we
were there right this is where we were
in Bali okay
how long have you been working on that
well I'd spent like 60 hours on the
original and then last night I'm like a
PMI rose I found it quite boring yeah so
I restarted it hey do you remember me
hey remember me you hit her hit I miss
you too hey Ann you early hey Phil hey
guys guys I got a penny and a long would
write me and Riya are going shopping now
to get some supplies for the next few
days I'm not really up for loads of
cooking so I think the main supplies I
want are just fruit and things that we
can use to make cool smoothies
Mariah's managed to walk faster than I
can skateboard which is very impressive
I have two massive bunches of bananas
and some satsumas Raya has found some
frozen berries that's the trick because
when it makes
and I see
and these cheer seeds are a key thing
just meters as well although I find they
always get stuck in my teeth afterwards
but if you have you ever made chia seed
pudding
no well you put that we'd like almond
nut or something and you leave it
overnight and then it's becomes a
dessert you can add like berries - it's
really good guys I had this genius idea
look just push the shopping along on the
skateboard what
we love bananas near background like
what's your favorite free watermelon
yeah but only when it's in season yeah
this is how you carry home groceries
like the gentleman he's so so proud that
he came up with this idea how proud of
his love for you right now
very minimal wheels is all about wheels
this is it I want I want a Vespa so bad
and they gonna be so cool to driver on
Elena Vespa and the white one so cute
too yeah where'd he go where'd he go
okay guys we have back home and I might
look like I've just woken up but it's
because we just booked a massage you can
Vic on this app to get masseuses to come
to your house so we just got to
masseuses to come over that's why I like
a bit weird right now but it was awesome
and yeah I've got all our fruit ready
for our smoothies in the morning I
didn't show you this earlier as well I
ordered this nutribullet which we're
gonna donate to the Vagabond house as a
little gift for letting us house it over
this week I can't wait to test this in
the morning I've never really done this
before
even though I love smoothies and I love
fruit so I'm looking forward to love
this oh we also got I feel like we've
got a big vegan protein powder thing you
look we also ordered this online
apparently this is one of the best ones
so we're gonna add some of that in there
get my protein levels up start working
out a little bit there's a tuneup bar in
there and like I said as well earlier
I'm gonna try and go down to the beach
and use some of the equipment
down there but yeah it's been a great
day it's been nice hanging out with
Soren Angelique and a brother scooter I
didn't introduce you properly to earlier
but i link his channel below he was
filming some cool stuff today anyway
i'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life Olivia denture
