hi I'm Carlos and I'm solid honest and
we are in Malta and you're watching far
for Louie and joy good afternoon guys
I am literally about to hit the airport
to catch my flight to LA but before I do
I thought would be pretty cool to update
you guys on my gear and show you what
I'm packing to my trip so I'll try to be
brief but there's a lot of new gear I've
got here is all of the things I'm
bringing I'm packing it into this bag
which I'm carrying on as hand luggage
onto the plane so in no particular order
I'm going to just sweep through my
things show you what I've got so got
eight terabyte of hard drive external
hard drive storage very handy when
you're on the move I bought this new USB
hub which means I can charge all my
cameras and various things which pretty
much all charged and USB yes so there's
seven USB ports here this is the brand X
power I just found this on Amazon Prime
I also done this on Amazon Prime which
is awesome right this is a international
4-way extension lead with four USB
charging ports as well I just need to
put an international end on this and
then we're good to go here we've got
Internet Options I've got to kind of
Wi-Fi boxes for the US this is for
Verizon and t-mobile they work different
in different states that's the high
speed internet uploading for general
international data I'm now using this
thing called to Sky Rome which is a
Wi-Fi box and you pay like a daily rate
to use this in any country and that's
very very handy
moving onto cameras I've got the rx100
mark 4 and the rx100 mark 5 I've got
three batteries spare batteries for my
h7s and a7r I know where my other
battery got to be but I've got three
there the lens is on rockin for these
cameras this is my latest favorite lens
all kind of cinematic stuff this is a
one point 485 party master range I'm
rocking out on my h7r and I've also got
G master 24 to 70 and a 24 to 240 which
is actually my overall favorite lens for
versatility I'm using ap design clip and
this clips pretty hand because it can
clip onto your belt and I'll show you
quickly you know get there so this just
clip them here and then you've got easy
access button lock in there and then you
got easy access to your lens you can
unclip them and it means if you're
shooting somewhere where you need to
change lenses often and yeah that's
pretty handy and then on the h7s which
I'm using here to shoot I've got my 1635
which is pretty cool as well for wide
shot if you're trying to capture a lot
of stuff but I'm moving on to my GoPro
kit I've got the GoPro 5 which goes pro
kindly replace - me - I lost my gonna
see I've also been sent miss Loki Loki
handheld thing to me I won't really
gonna see again hopefully this is for
mountain - road trip from the car or
whatever and I've got my full GoPro Hero
4 blacks with the exact lenses for my
360 camera which I haven't used in a
while and I've got 6 spare batteries for
those so hopefully we'll get to use that
a bit when I'm in the US this gimbal
this is the new the upgrade to my last
gimbal it's the beholder ec1 which I'm
going to be very excited to use when I
get out there as well and these are the
batteries they Yusei and this thing just
kind of slots in the bottoms recharge
this if you've seen any of my steady
shots in the last few months and these
are the guys these are the little
handheld steadicams for the the a7 range
or any mirrorless cameras really moving
away from tech for a moment this is my
coffee addiction and I've got some
things here
roasted bean from Brighton and I've got
my arrow press which I got for Christmas
I've also got this new metal filter
which means I don't have to carry around
a paper filters with me never runs out
and I've got this handheld very small
coffee grinder now which I can grind the
beans and it fits conveniently inside
the Aeropress so that's a little trick
from Nick Miller there plus we got going
on oh yes we've got the tripod and this
is my Siri I guess the branded this is
this twice what I use it uses the same
mount as my P design clips which I
always have on my belt here so it just
clips with my camera and after that very
handy this is a another little kind of
thick thing which I'm going to be using
for the 360 camera so that's going to be
handy as well this is well guys this is
really good this is so you can charge
your laptop's from a car so whether
you're in the uber or rental car you can
plug it into the cigarette lighter and
charge your laptop up microphones very
handy for kinda windy condition oh
talking about windy microphone
conditions I'll just sent this from a
company called X puffs and this clips on
to your iPhone headphones you can still
control them with the volume up and down
the stuff but it means that in windy
conditions you can still speak I'm going
to be using this a lots of recordings
for vlogs and stuff I think this is
going to be pretty awesome because you
can just you know hang around your net
my new Stanga life is I'm going to be
using my friends brand so lists he's
just started say these are made out of
bamboo so very sustainable and I think
that's pretty cool lenses as well so and
we try and lays out unlink all of this
in the description by the way so you can
find a lot these brands and this is the
torch I used in the catacombs a very
very cool torch super bright and last
it's like four hours straight continuous
use razor obviously to keep nice and
neat these might actually packs I'm
using actually this is another one I
bought an Amazon Prime is that thirty
thousand milliamp battery pack which I
think it does like 20 charges of my
eyesight it's pretty crazy in comparison
this guy is only an eight thousand
milliamp state and this is a bad boy oh
yeah this is handy as well this clips on
this is just one of those wide-angle
lenses you can clip on your phone but
also on your lap that when you're doing
Skype calls and where the FaceTime that
can just click on your
on laptop and means you've got a wider
shot and then this is handy this is a
little this is a little lens cleanup so
instead of using my t-shirt I can just
use this little guy looking that yeah
rub it and clean the lens there and yeah
there's loads of little things I've
picked up this is another one this clips
onto your kind of err convent in the car
and then you can just put your phone in
there so becomes getting a rental car or
anything it means that I have to balance
it on the dashboard
I just clip my phone in there we got
noise cancelling Sony headphones amazing
I actually break the leaves by I got
this retractable lead which is pretty
cool though it's kind of like that and
then you just kind of pull it and it
kind of winds in to itself safe and get
tangley leads if it does the Bluetooth
audio as well but I do prefer plugging
in bamboo straw this is so when I go to
a restaurant so I'm going to try and
remember to bring this with me in my
pocket means looking at using plastic
less this is another way to try and be
sustainable as much as possible little
you know it's a little things account
obviously these are the two most
essential items here possible phone and
then in the back of my phone case I have
a wallet that kind of my cards can flip
in a lot of people say this is very
dangerous if you have your phone stolen
you lose your cards as well the other
thing about this case I really like is
inside the case there's a little slot
for an extra SIM card which is amazing
for me so again I'll link a link all
these things and things I found very
helpful hopefully it won't you waiting
there that'd be handy for your kind of
travel essentials and yeah it's now my
job to tuck all of this into this and
head to the airport I was supposed to be
there now so I'm running a little bit
late classic
and seminal to Heathrow Airport yes yeah
yeah okay guys I've arrived at Heathrow
cutting it pretty fine my flight leaves
in just over an hour so I need for your
hurry through security
they're almost definitely going to pull
my bag aside the amount of Technol got
in there you impressed though all of
that stuff I've shown you sits in there
and my clothes the way to roll carry-on
only no check your luggage that long
well surprisingly I didn't get my bag
checked which was all of it me like five
minutes yet to secure a Planitia stop
the lunch a little hummus falafel rat
and a coffee and now I'm heading to my
gate well landed in LA and I am very
happy to be a guide
of the long flight okay now with
everyone Microprose Joe Terry fryer
reunited and within now for a delicious
meal there's so much good food better
I'm going to go and get fat I don't
think I'll be able to be able to good
how you guys doing anyway good yeah
excuse me opening that yes they're off
tomorrow and they're kinda Meghnath
outfit what they're away but when they
get back we'll kill probably and hang
out I go looking for CNN dinner was
delicious
I feel like we're going to be able to go
to the different restaurant every night
down here looking for what's going down
sir intelligence here in the morning as
well getting some good coffee all right
I managed to last this long but I'm I'm
going to I'm going to fall asleep soon
as we get in oh yeah guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life this is good stuff
