hey everybody we're Eric and Alison from
the endless adventure we just climbed to
the top of howling in northern England
it's friggin awesome and you're watching
spun for Louie boom good opening guys
I'm at the airport today because I've
decided to do a one day trip to Berlin
go meet my friend Felix Ali before I
leave Europe become doing him Thursday
heading over to the states meet up with
Ryan stuff I had a bit of a bad weekend
basically I lost a day and a half of
blogs written one of my SD cards must
have all about my pocket I don't know
what happens there anyway managed to get
most of the shots from the catacombs
which I hope you enjoyed that video
yeah it just meant I lost an entire log
guys sorry about that stuff and yeah off
to new adventures
do be a very very short trip so it
should be a lot of fun so I just found
out that it's snowing in Berlin right
now which is pretty not a good thing
which is bang on my big jacket it's only
one day's I'm sure on to fight it more
good news is I just went to nilam and
she said I should crash in her couch
tonight would be pretty cool so I get to
see me laughs and I get to hang out to
me look at Ellie the good day
very quick sleeping trip village
do you think everybody should be and now
the gated another shaking or catching a
lot of them are committing other I
expect that we able to close the doors
so what answer expected early part yes
welcome to Berman as a nice little slice
what some work done
and feelings one leaf come pick me up
for those of you that forgotten Felix is
him and Sally were the one who had the
amazing store Buster they converted in
States and we met them in Mexico and had
a little tour de bus so they've been
come back to Germany and we've been
trying to arrange for a long time
meeting up so I grabbed the opportunity
ah yeah yes hello
sorry thanks for coming to get me okay
first are we gettin food really to take
me to the pizza place okay I like this
candle this is very this is a very
unique leader it's a Sicilian Sicilian
Sicilian base and it is also not
motivated Thomas so it's yeah it's very
unique and I'm gonna add some chocolate
Eliza
I hope the goodies are degraded Oh whole
thing is coming out okay
oh my gosh you're a GOP so as a kid I
like it I mean
you got that being special yeah yeah
okay guys we have left the restaurant I
haven't told you but the reason that
Felix and Sally are in Berlin rather
than Hamburg where they live just Ali's
recording a music album and we're going
to go in and get crash there and a
recording session it will be really easy
we made another sneak preview comes up
exciting thanks for letting us crash
your or yeah you're recording look at
this massive mixing desk this is old
school this is like from the 70s or 80s
Erica recording room through there we
were very old and amazing yeah how does
a bit yeah nice si all straight fun easy
raisin classic yeah yeah yeah
you
that is listening back to the song
figuring stuff out
nice to have a little sneaking to the
recording process
Sally is saying that they called 12-hour
days here recording from 10:00 to 10:00
pretty intense
how's it going today yeah good well
sounding pretty good or I might mix
completely didn't look good as a Grammy
how did it go today Sally
yeah yeah that's the problem with like a
soundproof room they're also free
airtight as well
no something is something beautiful and
when you're releasing it in May
okay so the other thing is are you guys
and when we met these guys in Mexico and
they were driving the toolbox they're
making a movie about a trip and they're
currently they just show me the trailer
I'll show you smart but they got
released a for their German release and
they're releasing maybe three valve is
the same time so I'll link select upload
didn't keep up today which was rapidly
were still very exciting very inspiring
so guys another thing I don't never
mentioned earlier but Neelam has clearly
said I could come and stay with her
tonight because she lived in Berlin and
I've never come to video he never come
and I only told her that was coming
yesterday I was like yes Berlin way
today it was today I think you're right
bridge this morning when you Berlin I'm
arriving today and she's just telling me
about the good coffee shop nearby
I need to check in the morning but yeah
it's nice to hang out we've just been
chatting for a couple of hours and
trying to figure out when we can
actually hang out again we're thinking
March either we could go snowboarding or
maybe she'll come down to Cape Town for
a visit I would prefer it yeah guys also
she just told me she hasn't uploaded so
Cape Town vlog from where we read at the
beginning of 20 2014 literally three
years ago and I still hasn't uploaded
her video to go pester her that's
alright well it's been a very chilled
day pretty much a travel day but I'm
happy that I managed to squeeze in this
little trip to Berlin before and heading
off gallivanting off to the other side
of the world and I still haven't spent
more than like I think two days in
Berlin in one go so I think this summer
when are back in Europe for a bit I need
to spend a bit more time in it because
right here it's a very cool city and
some everything I've experienced so far
is very cool hopefully tomorrow when I
get picked up by Felix we'll get to see
a bit of city I don't know what our
plans are yet and it's mainly just
because I want to catch up with him and
he's yeah he did some very cool stuff so
I'm hoping we get to do some projects in
the future together yeah I'll keep you
posted on that
some one last thing guys before I go to
bed I've been meaning to analysis for a
while but at the beginning of January a
lot of you will know we did the live DS
then to travel summit where we had a
bunch of
people come from all over the place and
for this weekend and a lot of awesome
content was created there a lot of
youtubers came and a lot of
up-and-coming youtubers and we asked
people to yes film and take photos and
everything and we haven't announced yet
the best videos that were made that
weekend there were a lot of great videos
but the videos that we picked out which
we thought kind of really stood out as
being awesome
and I wanted to give a shout out to for
you guys to check out as well
one was from Mimi which I'll link here
and the other was more of a blog style
from Eric and Alison from the endless
design shots which I'll link here so go
and check those out and go shown some
love subscribe to their channels and
yeah I want to continue supporting a lot
of you guys that are watching my videos
as well it's more events coming so
anyway I'm catching the morning peace
out enjoy life live adventure
