hi I'm Chris and I'm breezy and we're
from Arizona and we're at the Taj Mahal
and you're watching fun for Lily
boom good morning guys I'm going stay up
and I start my stays on Venice doing a
little skate mostly back in the
longboard the royal NP I've managed to
loosen up very little bit I got rusty
rain noise I'm heading down to lunch now
it's arriving at the beach look at this
fog coming in it's crazy I can visibly
see like a mist so I come back there to
Koya which is it's amazing medicine
place I'm now with Hugh do you remember
you from the elsi-8 comet in England
random leads in LA moment with his
girlfriend Sofia and there's this to be
and we're about to do things very
exciting but I'll tell you about it when
we get in the car after love yeah it's
pretty cool these guys are offered to
help me out today
I always say much more but I'll tell you
with it as you know for a long time now
I think about buying lamps somewhere and
I'm being like deliberating between the
UK and California as a face and even
last year as you saw when we save and I
was looking at land down there where
Dave's building his cabin to stuff but
after spending the winter in the UK and
realizing I just can't handle cold
weather as a lot of you know I've
decided I'm going to look into just a
bit research lining lands near LA but
still like kind of away from the city in
their urban areas so there's this area
just north or kind of northeast of
Malibu called the panga Canyon and a lot
of people have recommended to me to go
and check out so I've downloaded a few
like Reaume like apps where users like
buying property and land and I found a
few plots of land which we're just going
to go and check out and see if it is
like good access to them and you know
that's what they look like what it is
trees there I don't know this will be
the place to build my tree houses but
potentially no because a good spot and
it's only half an hour's and Venice
Beach which is amazing for the levels of
people here so that's what we're doing
we're going to go check out now and yeah
hopefully yeah hope you will find it fun
okay we found the first floor but we
just want to figure out how to get there
I think it looks died right guys this
would be pretty fantastic getting a plot
like this get his trees yeah this is my
vibe open space but few trees the roads
a bit noisy but other than that it was
good I think the reason the plots are
quite cheap in comparison to like houses
is because they probably don't have
Planning Commission to build on because
some of these cute little houses like
tucked away in the mountains
it's really quirky little home and like
there's like that there's like a big
statue of a cat like I'm a static right
I can't wipe it over on his pillow
you're looking for some hair this
retreat is like rector's and we go now
we're struggling to find the exact
closet to say oh I feel like it's up at
the top of the hill I kind of want to
have a look at it but this might be the
kind of situation where we need to
explain the estate agent and get an
official call so they know these that
boundary and stuff there's more
information on this one but it's still
really difficult to figure out without
like traipsing through things gardener
for me what is going on it didn't look
very hopeful I think we're going to move
on to a third spot because nice day
I think this plot is for sale from what
we can tell on the map this is this is
an area I mean there's some cool
neighbors there's a like a stream I
wanted a stream this is the most
promising yet isn't it yeah $17,000 oh
no okay I need to look into this maybe I
can bring me stay to dinner this one so
guys there's been a setback and I'm
going to be transparent with you here I
was going to say there's a surprise but
the reason I'm one of islands isn't to
start building the tree houses yet but
it's because I bought a bus that's like
the sickest converted bus which I'll
tell you more about another vlog but I
wanted to find a space to park it now I
just find the estate agent that owns
this plot right
and she said lots of people try and do
this there's no way you can buy a plot
without a house on it and park any
vehicles there as soon as you're even
it's like a car or a van like it doesn't
even need to be like a converted house
as soon as you stay the night and the
neighbors get wind of it Park Rangers
with guns will show up and escort you
off like something you said it's like
super illegal and there's no way around
it and I was like what if I like get the
right Commission shoes like now unless
it's like got a house on the property
and then the vehicles like parked next
to the house there's no way of doing an
economy like a little
on it no you'd have to go through yeah
but then you apparently even building a
little house you need to get a septic
tank and like build a well get connected
water and main she said it's like
extortion it expensive bill I know so
there's two options guys and this is
where you I might need your help
does anyone know anyone in Topanga
Canyon with like a bit of space around
that might rent me an area of their land
to park a vehicle on that's my first
option and the cheapest option so yeah
just like it's a school bus and I just
want a little corner to park in and then
I can stay when I'm in LA and like you
know it's only half an hour away the
other option is just looking and finding
like the cheapest possible residential
property and then like getting a
mortgage out and buying like a really
small rundown old house and then using
that land like around the house but
those are my two options it's kind of
shattered my dream a little bit she said
it on the phone she's like before you
say anything else because I started
telling I was really excited like we
just need to find a bit land Punk a tiny
home on she's like before you say
anything else I'm gonna have to shatter
your dream and I was like no no then she
told me no thing and like it's
impossible to do so that is a bummer but
maybe you can have a little look for the
cheaper end of houses which I think
Villa it's going to run into like
hundreds of thousands of others anyway
guys if you know anyone that lives
around here please get in touch like
email me your find in the description
but I really need some help and it is
needs to happen in the next few weeks
ideally a little snack maybe little
cookie guys look how often this cafe is
look at the vibe this is your ever
driving through to playing a canyon come
to this cafe delicious food delicious
coffee I even bought a bag of bean
market and cafe it's done the name oh
here we go
Japan you're living cafe guys I have to
pull over to look at this but looks so
cool actually quite like the color
scheme this is what I need a roof rack
put a canoe on
you look like an Airstream like the
curve is curved in the back yeah
I love that there's like the spare tire
on the front these guys are heading back
through there where they're staying
they're flying out tomorrow but Cameron
happens to be coming up to Topanga this
Canyon area right now so I'm going to
get dropped off at this lady's house I
don't know her but he's interviewing for
the film we need help we make it's
really random I should probably find out
what her name is
and this is it apparently is up here
come and Tilney have arrived
and so scout and joy and scowl are
getting them like a house on fire look
at this they're having so much fun look
at them say I just love him playing
amateur set up the lighting I think it's
because those going to work go well yeah
I think you look good this is Gemma and
natty hello and I just found out that
the remember when I was in Italy we went
to that Mayan village and Oh show it we
pulled up honey
and it's from this like Mayan stingless
bee but they do loads of stuff with
these bees and they run a like a healing
center in where is it somewhere Cozumel
in Mexico save the queen it's Halloween
they're telling me more about the bees
and they're endangered like yes this is
white fun for them to work with them
right now
and this is between me yeah Wow
she's big yeah going ahead and back then
it check this I know I think it all the
way across it is yeah this is money so
we've arrived at the apartment that
we're staying in tonight and before I go
to sleep I just wanted to explain
something happened earlier that I didn't
really say but when I was with Hugh and
the girls and we were going to come back
down for Venice and then I ended up
going to that the house with them the
lady we met tonight
I was like oh I could just go back down
to Venice and chill but I got a feeling
that she might have some connections or
ideas about somewhere to park the bus
because of the problem is you know when
I split the estate agent and anyway she
was yeah she was very helpful and said
like if the road down to her house
wasn't as bad that she could probably
figure out where to park the bus there
but she's going to ask friends and asked
around so I feel like it was kind of
like um an encounter like a meant to be
saying you know where and yeah you just
feel like things just a line and the
right time so that's what I'm hoping
that through some of these connections
are made today that we can find the rest
of the bus and yeah and then I'll have
like the sickest mobile house like half
an hour from Venice which is awesome I
mean going amazing road trips
but I'll keep you posted on when I'm
going to go and pick it up it's
currently in Mexico so I need to drive
it back up to LA probably doing or some
road trip or something anyway I will
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life in this adventure
