this is Peyton Smith from Spokane
Washington and you're watching fun for
Louie stay warm and enjoy boom
good afternoon guys spit the late start
to today well I am finally up and
skating down to the beach see you I can
find things toy is down there surfing
again and there might be two meet back
up with Cameron who you guys met
yesterday I'm also back on a penny board
it feels pretty slow the music being on
the booster board and even the last of
the days I've been riding a longboard
but unfortunately I took it through a
puddle yesterday and the bearings seem
to have rusted so I'm I need to replace
the bearing than that
we've got help added get in the rain
luckily it's not raining today yes bro
make the Wonderbolts little brother oh
yeah I've got some news about the wonder
bug I'm going to be picking it up next
week in San Francisco where my friend
Thomas slightly been looking after it
and I'm going to bring it back down to
LA so we've got a big crew grounded
because their only form of transport the
moment in skateboard and Riya on Cadia
oh that is also on the to-do list
hey hey come on let's go
I didn't very good I've got to go
surfing yeah yeah yeah so I'm going to
wonder down
what's Cameron and Toyota Vitz person
yes right no no today right wait till
it's like stunning and then I'm not
going near really sunny I come back to
summer was out like you still like
determined to get up today he's like
how long have you been our cutie doesn't
get up now
it's very possible to see him cry today
something is a river here an
oddly-shaped and princesses
sir family
whilst the guide the surfing I'm going
to wander over here he was going on they
start this like ride and always like I
think it's not going to Fashion Show
it's a weird seeing this whole area
fenced off I've never been down here
where it's been I booked for a private
event before I I just met these dude
what's your name my name is will
well where the be hasty I am never been
on the stage are you going to bust a
little free stop me yeah what sorry sir
I meant put me on the floor bark use the
beat up in the background I hope we
realize you two stop the top don't know
how tracks down probably use the studio
the side of that is beautiful but life
can be a bitch too sometimes it's just
not consumable I mean the world is full
of pharmaceuticals I'm up on these
streets is trying to really make it
musical there are so many beautiful
bands around check this boy out and then
this guy over here all right cameras
tracked mr. P how was it man yeah rainy
freshness year yeah it started spitting
a bit I've just I know I've been going
on about where the weather is weird
also the road like the little skate park
part I was skating on there's so much
sand on it
I don't know whether because the rain
like washes the sand off the beach into
the past I was like try not to suddenly
get like caught and fall overboard
I'm just having a little peek around
cameras man are you in scout
he said there's a little leak in the
roof must be annoying in this weather
like this little oven is this
gas-powered the oven yeah Dean you're
leaving so I haven't been able to use it
I have to undo the protein every night
does it trip me up is this a kahan yep
nice oK we've got the camera graduate
within us for my humble bowl
Johnny Sona yeah this is looking lovely
Hawaii please get back alright yeah I
haven't tried the pizza here yet but I
might have a little bite I'm happy I'm
happy
okay guys we've popped over to Jesse's
house
Hayden bro you'll be right you're my
brothers with talons Anthony did you
recover and Jessie's just finished
shooting a video Snoop Dogg which is
very incredibly being serviced and clips
I cannot wait for it to be real here's
the bascule are we all know we should
show this yeah how much of it see
question there yes I will show no okay
visual couple will see this useless
tutelage three weeks ago I gave three
weeks time I'll remind you guys can
check out is looking sick also guys
check this out this is an electric motor
bike that Jesse has and it's got like
Fat Tire so you can ride on the beach
with it
or maybe I'll get them to take me out in
this tomorrow Johnny's having to go at
the VR but you can see yourself
doesn't it cool yeah this is your in a
short hair
you're hired flip it over your head
slowly
whoa what
oh yeah Judas Judas setting out waiting
for the shots is out you know you're
looking behind you yeah down to the rock
Oh
it sounds guy he's now in a short time
right coming be waiting for any some
likely thanks mother compasses oh my god
what did you ever do in here over the
gifted other thing I might experience it
down to this day I wanted to let out
oh please lion 308 we thank you welcome
the sharp oh yeah show a little bit less
intense we're here but if the knife in
to get me under my name is Maegan you
watch anything ever
I'll get over your face the universal
the utmost and apply no triangle weapons
war well I'm back from jetties it's been
a it's been pretty chill day like a
saying the other day a lack of
motivation a little bit when the
weather's miserable like this also had a
really long winter so I've only had one
sunny day the other day I'm looking
forward to the weather clearing up a
little bit but yes being cool just
hanging out of people being cool getting
to know the guys a little bit more just
having some pre cool conversations over
dinner and with Cameron and Johnny like
this about our kind of church upbringing
and our journeys into like kind of vegan
vegan diet and you know spirituality
stuff loads of kind of fascinating
topics but hard to kind of elaborate on
the vlog like this but oh well at some
point I'm probably going to be doing an
interview for a movie that Cameron's
helping with so I'll keep you posted and
that ugly pretty cool the airs been a
fun night I'm like mentioning earlier
and I found some pictures to share with
you from the music video Jesse's making
looks like there's a little clown Donald
Trump and there's a snoop as usual
smoking away and here's another photo
here and the video looks pretty epic it
makes me wonder like I'd love to do some
kind of more high-end video
at some stage will be part of a team
doing that'd be pretty fun anyway yeah
I'm gonna get some sleep and tomorrow
hopefully we're going to go out even if
the weather's bad I'm going to go out
hopefully on the Jesse's electric bike
they'll be a lot of fun right I'll catch
in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
