hey guys we are currently on our road
trip around New Zealand you are there
trap my screaming we're currently on the
road around New Zealand and we thought
we'd take you with us for a little bit
of it so that's ahead of you so nice
that yeah it's a beautiful day so you're
lucky hopefully the exposures okay you
can actually outside that nickfear
I've tried want to be in vehicle 360
before and it at all concept this didn't
work so well so hopefully it's working
right now I don't know if thing looks
really overexposed outside because it's
like dark inside and bright outside that
the countryside here is just phenomenal
like meadow and it's like cows and sheep
everywhere we just spent the morning in
Hobbiton with you credible and then we
stopped in a field of wildflowers to
execute
oh I did a 360 public in the globe you
want to take now because of a truck I
stood firm like over an hour
I quite like breakthrough the kids
they look game and have your
conversation
just on the road our
driving the top son question game play
oh we're here people like fun questions
and I found one I'm terrible at
questions like we always say the same
like iron
would you rather and as a no right to
show you enjoyment like I just think a
really good question throughout the day
that's all as much will be to ever think
of it
so yes it looks closed and I found some
on 17 and the title of the article is 21
questions ask a guy or girl you kinda
won again
up up stand and feel like I'm gonna be
hilarious
very good but okay got that far away not
girly yeah this is why you sucking up
magazine everybody's on anyway far away
okay if you are really hungry really
exhausted and really broke which reducer
mass or sour
the and incident
he was cured maps are the building I was
scoured bird yeah I was showering
that no one is fed when you work totally
supports feeling peppermint
go do that so I did not like that but
maybe that makes you have a quick
Selfridge yeah
the other type of seat which you go back
to size through businesses
I think I've been at a teacher I do love
history fun we then know whether to go
so it means experience we can pretty
much find out I mean lineup in more
details about history wet setup
Oh
the girl might want to know about the
future
I kind of like living in this Lake
Verret split that everything's gonna be
fine
what it likes the leader will happen oh
and then you come back and you're like
little bitch
yeah you're like wrong I would want to
know that lady is make you want to take
babysit I see something fascinating and
I think the I should go back in time
Palmer deficiency was always my favorite
class cards oak as a woman going back in
time
maybe lot of traffic is visible I can't
get like those customers agents house
also other things learn about to make
like ancient civilization areas of
Greece what's more important trip their
happiness this is our life yeah num1
we're sequencing
then they're like really regretful and
they decide that they're never going to
do it again but yeah healthy and somehow
they can deal with it they live with
themselves right and they forgive
themselves but tell you we destroy your
happiness so it's that are in or if they
just sit with never happen again
would you rather not know okay I can
never happen together one off one thing
just make them as like realize how much
they appreciate yeah controversy so late
I think like I think I would only
because I don't like it and that happen
in film they'll not tell the person and
I think it was wrecked it's honesty and
trust
without person like I feel like the
whole relationship
it'd be like a face image on
- like I'd have to be honest and then
work through that pain and like repair
it I guess I'm thinking about it like
again on the receiving end of it work
like it if I can live the rest of my
life personally makes me super happy
like everything's amazing versus like if
they told me that they made a mistake
once I'd probably break up with them
which one's better
I'm delighted by the way I'm serious
like this price hasn't been super
seriously going to we're going to go
somewhere else
mountains and stuff where we can find
any mountain we're on the North Island
next time item will go to South Island
and we'll go to like super teeny place
overall terms of taxes here in Sweden
beautiful turn the Sun is the wrong time
yeah girlfriend in our Zyliss
stop we can all it would be nice
shifting foodie guys in some way and
it's like pleasure sitting hanging out
of a cigarette butt
I were about to write so I see you
around maybe driving poor out maybe we
can make this appearing the three dairy
places so let me acting on that foreskin
yes I was like a really big question I
know but it's if you're good lot to
think about right
having it's all true we're living at any
of the funny one we knew we would in
more funny respect I'm next right okay
you so that to get the Wonder wagon okay
I want it good good honesty's that right
here you gonna make stories high and
we're going to like are they going to
play with the story
