we cool yeah I think good shape I think
it feel good boy
hey guys I am here today with Josh from
exploring with just a lot of you would
have seen in my vlogs that we decided
sitting down and telling you guys some
stories would be a cool way to do a
collaboration because although we filmed
a lot of our adventures we also have
some pretty amazing stories so on my
channel today we're doing good adventure
stories and then on josh's channel we're
going to record bad we all have them and
you everyone which ours something always
unplanned is going to happen it will be
pretty bad so we have each prepared a
few stories that spring to mind about
great things that happened and maybe
some of those you haven't heard before
maybe we haven't been able to vlog them
or like some of my stories are from
before I started YouTube because to do
this so those of you that seem lighter
all my life there's this one part where
I talk about a trip to Australia I did
and I had zero money at a time a lot of
you talk about how can I travel with no
money and I literally traveled with no
money I booked a one-way ticket to
Australia from New Zealand where I was
at the time and didn't have any plans
didn't know anyone there I ended up
living on the street in Sydney so I was
like homeless I found this big hedge it
was near to botanical garden and I kind
of crawled in and hollowed out a little
area found some cardboard laying down
the floor
I had a sleeping bag with me and I made
this little den in the hedge I then
hitchhiked all the way up the East Coast
like two and a half thousand miles but
because of Australia and on that journey
I really found myself like it sounds
crazy but some days I wouldn't talk to
anyone and some days I wouldn't get
picked up and other days of like get
picked up by a truck guy who's doing
like a 10-hour Drive and I had these
amazing conversations and the whole way
I was like I don't want to like just
take charity from people but also I have
no money and I was honest with people
that I've chosen to come here I'm just
traveling people super generous like but
one of the truckers like bought me
dinner and let me use the shower in he's
you know if only YouTube was like there
back then other than the craziest single
film yeah so I had a couple of weeks if
you can create crazy adventures and
maybe I'll go more in depth with story
time on those adventures
I met amazing people things up in
reality I wouldn't experience now
because often I have the comfort of
knowing where I'm going to be staying
and it's a bit more planned out but this
was like winging it everyday anyway the
point of the story is I got back down to
Sydney like three weeks later and again
I had no money I hadn't been eating well
for two weeks it's been like literally
for I was finding food on the floor and
stuff I was like full a dude yeah no I
got my dancer Sydney and it happened to
be that my friend's parents were in town
and he was like oh you should hang out
my parents they're in town for the night
so anyway they invited me up for dinner
and it was like hadn't had a proper
like eaten at a restaurant in Australia
so how long
oh just for like three weeks yeah I
hadn't been eating I just been eating
scraps and anyway so controllers
restaurant I ordered like everything
occurred and it's like super generous
system obviously I wasn't trying to take
advantage bars also like this is so good
and then it's it where you sang denial
Oz but oh well you know does this place
have been spedrun I was kind of
embarrassed like you know the hair so
just with my sleeping bag in and then at
the end of the dinner know like we've
decided we want to put pew and night as
a Four Seasons Hotel and it was like
5-star Jacuzzi everything and I went out
to the hot tub on the top deck looked
over the balcony and I could see the
hedge that I've been sleeping in a few
weeks before that it's like sudden like
reality check like wow like life
sometimes it's tricky and hard and it's
like you know you have to make your way
and then other times you get totally
blessed by people or you find yourself
in a situation where everything's just
incredible question though how did you
get home
oh so at the time this is another bit of
advice guys if you're traveling and you
hang on much money trying to find a way
of earning money remotely so at the time
I was designing websites so wasn't
earning a lot of money but I earn enough
I have put this whole dollar home as I'm
a laptop limit so every day I was late
to like the shopping center I plug in
charge the laptop and then so I designed
a website
whilst I was homeless in Australia and
managed to get paid to that website by
the end of the trip to book a flight
home hey guys that's like the oxygen so
yeah we've been hanging out a lot but
like you the story studies saying I've
never heard yet so like this is like wow
and I think you go ahead Vegeta alright
so here's one of my story so I go to a
lot of crazy abandoned places but
there's this one time that it's been on
my list I have a bucket list of places I
really want to go we probably all do
they're going to trample but this place
um ticker was an abandoned theme park
called Nara dreamland and in this theme
park was this rollercoaster that was
obviously expanded and it's all rusted
and old and as a shot I wanted to get
there my whole life since I was like 16
I was like I want to go Japan it's not
going to happen before I even did you
kind of like in photos amendment all
over yeah I'm like this would be a dream
to take this picture in this abandoned
theme park that's called dreamland and
so I'm like one day maybe it's going to
happen I don't know how I'm going to get
the money I don't even think I'm gonna
be able to travel where I wasn't that
confident and then anyway so I lied a
Japan and this is like six years later
and it just has to be the theme park
you're still abandoned I'm like okay
this before all can we met in Japan oh
this is a week after we met and that's
no story I was telling you guys how I
met this guy but first okay so so then
I'm inside this abandoned theme park
it's 4:00 in the morning no one's around
and I'm searching for where I can get
this shot like I have to find the roller
coaster and long story short I find a
roller coaster and there was a stool and
people actually put the stool there just
lick and stand up to get that shot and
the group the grass is all along well
because people just just go there all
the time and walk through it the path
was just clearly there it was like it
was meant for me by my son could just
walk up to there and I led you to the
kid me to the spot which I'll share to
sit on this let's just sit right on the
chair take the shot and I just some
reason it was like I accomplished life
like my whole life I just wanted to see
this place and I and I did it and I just
felt like I felt like the man you know I
felt so good to do that and that's that
moment I feel like I could like I could
do anything after that it's like it's
like everything that could be a dream I
can just make reality it's like I did it
like I went from the United States to
Japan and the big thing was to see that
abandoned theme park and I did it yeah
and if you go to photo dude I got good
video I got the idea is here's the photo
will link the video below but here's a
photo and this is this represents Joshua
cheese and he drink first
new story this isn't so much
travel-related but it's a cool story
that happened when I was living in one
location for a while again this was back
but in like 2002 I had a it was the
first time I had any money it was a lot
of money but there's enough money to
rent a house with some friends and I was
in London I can't even remember what I
was doing in London but I was walking
around I went to pull some cash out of
an ATM and there was a homeless guy
sitting on the floor and he started
talking to me and I had this urge just
like talk with him because often I'm
like rushing and busy but I wasn't
rushing that they saw that I'm able to
sit down and chat with him I look down
at my watch and we've been talking for
two hours what yeah two hours of sitting
there chatting about his life and these
problems you being in and then I was
just about to say to him like sorry
there's nothing more I can do to help
you and as I went to say I'm sorry
there's nothing I can do to help you I
actually said do you want to come and
live with me and he stopped and he was a
bit taken aback ago he's like yeah okay
for about two years we hung out with
this guy and I helped him help him get a
job and like it felt nurture him I'm not
saying it wasn't difficult as definitely
problems and that's a whole nother story
but overall I think it challenged me to
think actually I can make more of a
difference to this guy and I think he he
impacted my life as much as we inverted
his I don't think we like came in and
like saved everything we never stole or
nothing from you their whole time there
was haha there are some issues right but
one thing is overall it's really
positive and I think some of the
problems is people have never had a
relationship of trust with other people
so they don't know how to behave and
they need to learn how to have the trust
other people say I feel like it it's a
big thing to do to welcome someone to
support them in your life that's had a
really tough time like whether they're
homeless that would drug addict whoever
but I felt like for me at a time it
helped me realize that like I don't want
to just be comfortable I don't want to
just deal with my own you know I want to
like everyone yeah I see the world as
more than just me it me succeeding yeah
in the same way is that any friendship
group you have
you want to help them and yeah like you
want you want to support everyone you
don't want to get support you don't want
to just exceed yourself you know so
that's the mindset that's going to make
you successful by the way it is and to
be honest I sometimes feel like I could
learn things from my past selves like if
I met myself 10 years ago maybe I'd
actually be able to learn a bit more
about generosity and selfless living
because I still like being swept up into
the whole like YouTube success and the
amount of traveling we're doing and nice
places we're staying and not actually
it's fun activities with you kind of
sometimes we get to you get into that
you do it's a could be a little
dangerous and money to actually I
understand that I think it's making sure
that some of the tricks were doing as
well has like some social good aspects
where we can do you know promote
positive things support other people so
they humble support good causes yet not
all about like how much fun we can have
folks about supporting other people
around the world and issues around the
world that happening so that story makes
me want to do more right now
yeah that's inspiring do it for real
okay so my next story this was my first
time ever leaving the country with the
Thailand and forget the money for
Thailand this is actually what happened
so this is when I was started do you - I
was posting about you abandoned videos I
had no money either but during the
winter time my car got hit by someone
and instead of fixing it with the wing
wall problems and it was parked in
Germany it was just happened to be that
I I was trying to go on a trip and I had
no money and then my car got hit and I
was like oh I don't really care about my
client is getting hit I want how much
money I'm going to get from it happened
to be I got like $2,000 man and and then
I just met this guy named Cody which is
in my other crew and she's like let's go
to town I said dude I got the money for
it my car got hit oh we were going to
Thailand and and one parts of my day I
ended up losing my tripod and but I was
filming and on the side of me when I was
like oh man I kidding I can't get this
she'll trying to low low exploited shots
yeah there was a guy that doing a low
exposure shot with the tripods too as a
who seemed like a cool guy I said hey
can I borrow your tripod for a minute
and so I know we need for what I'm
trying to get this cool picture I also
I'm making YouTube videos
he says no way I make youtube videos his
name's Paul by the way so
so I just asked for a try finally kept
talking as I'm getting the shot and then
we just connected we became good friends
and for the next week because I walked
my tripod adapter his tripod she stayed
with us and we just did a crazy
adventure with him and it gets better
because after that we kept in contact
a year later I actually went to Germany
to visit him yeah and he took me all
around Germany and then I went to
Chernobyl but the point is like anything
could happen like anything could happen
when you travel everything unplanned or
if you think you planned it all
something's going to happen you're going
to meet someone and then the whole plans
are going to change because you're going
to end up doing something that's better
or with someone else I think one of the
best things about travel is the people
that you meet and there's a lesson guys
things can seem bad like something
negative might happen but because of
that it might trigger a series of events
which ends up really positive so yeah
look for those opportunities when
something bad happens think think like
okay this this could end up get yeah
what's going to happen X so if you
haven't seen Joseph's channel it's funny
you're saying you start by watching my
videos were inspired he's actually now
overtaking the interstices who's about
the hit earlier driver the channel is
blowing up the big thing about your
channel if you guys haven't seen this
channel is he explores abandoned stuff
that he's like the abandoned King on
YouTube very very interesting places you
can have to take you to some there we
were we were we have a lot to do so we
go to this channel now if you haven't
already subscribe also check out the
video that we're filming to his channel
which is bad adventure story and yeah
we'll catch you guys later on
peace out your life and live the
adventure Oh
