okay what what even is this
it's getting crazy now what happened
big the secret life I feel like I'm
escaping jail right now we are following
a map but it's still pretty distal down
here because it's all looks very very
similar so I think there's a little bit
looks right now keep in mind that this
up here is the road like there's Carla
you're driving up over top arrows right
now this could be somebody how people
are sleeping above us this movie that
there's like real life is going on okay
and all this exists under Paris whoa
what goodnight this is like weird town
statue you look terrific you've not want
to come and get through here okay I'll
have to take my backpack off because we
see so narrow
so many rooms oh my gosh it just keeps
going
well that is freaky guys look how freaky
this is why is the dolphin feeling I'm
crazy what is going on one and this is
the biggest open area of the catacombs
has been turned into like tons of
different room I'm already a bit lost
and there's weird things like these
mannequins like hanging from the ceiling
and stuff he's freaky right it is really
pretty in there you go into the other
section down out there throw a little
slicker on my end up talking to huge
rooms or just just more rows immoral mad
mad when his era yeah this guy
alright guys this one seems quite a bit
older than the other scientists in this
is the first 17 one I think it's been
seen quite a few 18 months hello this is
like 18 1875 any census 1784 oh you can
go down right over here is where the
bones are the actual bones right here
yeah it's a graveyard this is with the
tombs off
so some of you may feel like we've got a
morbid fascination with the tombs but
it's more just that it's kind of
incredible to me that they chose to bury
people under here you were going down
yeah it's like sloping down that the
first sign of a lie
a fine all right in the middle of the
pot just walking seeing human remains
well it was scattered on the floor why
they just kind of just scattered on the
floor with the mud this is like people
this is like this is a natural person
that was just like alive and had a light
and it's like walking around and stuff I
mean look what I'm in look through here
there's bulbs everywhere here man I hear
something you hear something no what I
heard an animal wherever you can't use a
mouse but like a rat literally climbing
over bones that's up there is literally
blown right here this is kind of creepy
bright wow this is like blinking this
looks this looks like a hip bone
bro I found part of a skull their skulls
over there these are this is just like
the top of the skull maybe
oh my goodness oh my goodness there are
so many bones now I can't walk the path
without stepping on somebody or multiple
people in just one wall it's
unbelievable and the craziest experience
was late I feel like this goes quite
delicate so this is all probably part of
the same schoo dunno mean yeah is this
the first cutting to Venus this is the
first true and probably the only real
catacomb I'll ever go on with you know
no tourists around me no guide like a
real-deal thing how are you feeling
about the volume for real it's an
experience I can't forget like I'm not
weirded out or anything by this because
all the cultures they see these bones
and like all that's normal to them like
South America and all that stuff so it's
interesting all right
this just doesn't compute in my head
Louie this is just a skyscraper of bone
what a skyscraper of human remains
it took bone stacked on bones like you
only see this in a movie how did you
even get up there I just crawled in like
a weird okay okay what what even is this
what guys as far as I can see out there
it's just going looking this is like a
whole shaft full of bones this is just
insane like climbing into a grave from
hundreds of years ago your mind blue
girls in the time you're gonna you're
gonna freak out and get it I'm kind of
just like yeah you still like really
weird it out what am I looking at
holy shit these skull fragments the
thing that fascinated me the most like
someone's mind was in here
this is the most intact skull that we've
seen this is crazy if you like half of
skull and goes check this this is not to
deport the jaw is part of jawbone can
you actually see where the teeth we're
in here as well yes it's amazing so
fortunately I could leave now we've been
under here for over three hours
and we are we're going to be late if you
don't get out soon we like to get back
to UK so you guys to catch the flight
this rough guys we made it out we just
go back to the car we actually made our
Eva Drive a little bit annoyed because
we are quite density and but we now need
to head back we literally just got
changed in the street
be very very because we make in there so
tiring drive but what an amazing
adventure yes I just honestly of all of
us I think it's one of our top
adventures we've done and yes oh yeah oh
right it's a completely time Alice could
bid into film party it's forbidden to
film on the terrace okay okay thanks
right I'll see you tomorrow and I'm just
going to drop these guys up for the
airport please days ago yourself philia
by Josh from
peace peace out do life you did venture
they
