what's up you guys my name is Benito
Sanchez I live in Miami Florida and you
are now watching fun for Lulu good
morning guys
I bet very late last night so your money
just waking up managed to go get a
little coffee and we've driven to a
place called asteroids Gus yama which is
with yama parliament caves so we're
going to be caving today we're going
into a ginormous cave of seeing a little
video of it on the TV also getting a
coffee and it looks pretty epic so we're
heading in there now it's also glorious
day even though it's very very cold
hey Denver yeah I'm good I'm a lot
better than you man yeah I got my
high-tech DSLR filming solution here
yeah Dave vlogs everything a move and
it's fine yes you got charged it
off-grid man yeah it's simple I haven't
told you guys yet but Nadine you're from
Philly Neon Hitch were you born here are
we gonna meet up with any of your family
I know I message them but they're in
Serbia right now yeah like the one week
I'm here because the cave isn't actually
that cold I've stripped of some of my
layers of list of my snowboarding
trousers and massive Arctic jacket here
and then I'm gonna get some of these red
seeds I don't really know what to expect
that that's how stream is going to get
by thing I've heard rumors we're going
to be going into areas of the cave which
aren't usually open to the public tools
I got my three on a mannequin gasps
morning to drop my camera and I think I
saw a helmet the thing we look like
we've been called out to clean up a
chemical spill nothing like we're
probably like in bios's doing so I
brought y'all here today for one
specific mission
y'all have certain times that we need to
get the job done just now we're going to
save the world they're doing is up to
patch up a little hole in there but it's
gonna take it happen so you should just
do that your trousers every time you rip
it wouldn't look good on the wedding
suit oh yeah you ready for this dryer
high-five high-five yeah
yes
stop
identity manual eyelid
breathtakingly disturb on and on and on
do I feel like I'm in BFGS three wells
how do they even build it how do they
bring this marble we were like a secret
military base right now it's so crazy to
know have you been anywhere like this
before Joe yeah ha ha ha
I've been to a lot of caves around the
world and already these boys are the
best caves of everything and we haven't
even gone exploring them yet they are
immense one of the animals that live
underground on these plays it's the cave
salamander
you know that's often referred to as
spadix their baby dragon important will
enable spoiler
these guys can live up to a hundred
years one yeah and they're born with
eyes and in significance but because
they like but is really pitch black if
their eyes like end up having no I let
the adult animals contamination and they
have a really slow metabolisms of
arguments along the point where they can
survive without eating for ten years
because this black area is where people
have been touching the stalagmites and
mrs. Royce shouldn't touch it because
the mineral deposits can't rest on these
areas because the grecian whose fingers
though there's a left
yes but imagine finding this or kind of
like it was a life stuff of them so this
next area of the cave is out of bounds
it's not open to the public that we're
getting special access and there's no
likeness when you turn on tall strong do
it oh yeah yeah you lead the way just
look at how these minerals are formed
eat pray for
we were just told if we touch one of
these formations are forming it
destroyed 200 years of like effort I
mean am I good yeah great
whoa oh wow this is that daylight he's
freezing in it yeah she's lovely walking
for three days I got an orange okay what
drains looking at least yeah this is
psychical telling might look at it
yeah looks up in the paper Wireless is
that bad boy it's good so happy about
these icicles
it's so weird coming out of a cave and
it being even colder outside doesn't
really make any sense to me
okay guys some of you may have not seen
Kristen before we've hung out a lot but
it's always at events where we don't
actually you know it's always really
like brief and fleeting but we actually
met I think it was I think it was the
beginning of 2013 yeah it was it or the
end of 2004 getting it beginning of 2013
Oregon yeah yeah he back yeah have a
blog exchange so she invited me up to
Toronto and it's when I happen to be in
New York anyway so I drove through the
night and then yeah if you remember that
far back
it was when I was doing did you Fest in
New York maybe anyway Christian has a
channel as we all do very cool Travel
Channel and she's about to hit a hundred
thousand subscribers so if you haven't
subscribed we need to head over there
now she makes awesome content
been doing it for years and yeah we're
going to be doing a lot more trips
together as well as a crew so go and
check her out go show some love yeah
we're having us we're having a very fun
time we were just saying how much it's
good to actually get to travel together
cuz we often don't get to we have so
much adventure ahead yeah it definitely
this is just the beginning it's very
good
so stop to get some tea to warm
ourselves up thank you so much hmm
what's this about it does smell a plum
seems to be a bit so this caper the
river running all the way through it
check it out if you can
old school light called a carbide light
yeah
have you heard of it Dora I think I like
him I must be feeling a high road and
having to that door is a scientist by
the way this will make light I don't
believe it yes really happen we do that
the other ones open and
you know my handler camera yeah the
password light oh oh yes right deeply
disconcerting oh you look like a coal
miner so this money thing is when you
shake the bottle of calcium carbide it
the flame goes higher so gives you two
more reactions and in Cyprus it's like
I'm getting fired
Frankie don't you stir my hair is aflame
I smell burnt hair I could smell burnt
Oh God yeah I just backed in today cool
boys boys Riddler bogeyman we get it
yeah yeah you can put your Lexuses down
oh yeah how did you find that day see
that was one of my most unit legit legit
over bounce it all the way down the
flame in his head he had
guys very lame on Dave's head just hurt
me you went in to hug me and its head
restraints my cheek
I'm so sorry Lizzy remarkable yeah there
is this like math me a bandana do i just
calm it down yes Joe has just bought yay
first time first time I'm telling ya
first time out though that's pretty good
that's pretty good
this is actually quite a actually quite
tricky why we're finished without hazing
I guess you need hearse procurement
equipment and then the plan is hopefully
before it gets dark we're going to go
and visit a castle which is very nearby
so we should probably goes quick as you
can
boy that is a cool castle
so the name of this car is pretty Emma
and apparently it from the 12th century
pretty old and also Nadine told us a
very interesting fact that you can
actually get into the caves that we were
just in from the castle so it's like
connected but it may be it's probably
like 20 kilometers away so probably a
pretty good thing we drove right
dinnertime yeah I've definitely worked
up an appetite mr. dharia mr. mr. dharia
we finished a five course meal and the
first place that was supposed to be
lunch so I think we're going to have
that earlier in the day and welcome to
another place for dinner
back-to-back lunch and dinner and we're
in this really cute little village
there's my baby
hello leo okay 11th century first people
you're here
it's a long tradition produced wine 800
year non-traditional produced wine here
in this village and with your family
this is a prepared with the 33 this is a
specific for this region I think boy
that's right
no wine what makes your wine vintage all
right out of the barrel time I'm very
busy right now
they drink Akane this cognac 26 years
ago it's 75% alcohol and now he's
hearing it with you Mayer than me very
love to see so beautiful under how old
is this town do you know around 700 750
years old and what's the name of this
town
gorgeous gotcha gotcha gotcha yes right
we are finally back at the hotel after
the longest day ever
tomorrow we are leaving here and we are
going to Lake Bled which a lot of you
will know is probably the most famous
landmark in sylvania it's that Lake with
the island with the church on in the
middle so hopefully we'll get some
awesome footage and look content
tomorrow and yeah I cannot wait on
catching the money peace out enjoy life
a little adventure boom
