good morning guys today is another day
of us visiting this amazing community
called Damanhur we've been brought to
another part of the community this is
this house in a different village and
we're getting a little tour learning a
little bit more about what they're doing
and how they're doing it this house has
been completely thought of view bills
really according to use as little energy
as possible whorehouse powered by the
toilet and yes it has it creates almost
more energy than it needs but we will
see it is many many systems that are
combined and that's really a strength
employing statically so it's a half moon
and the whole the whole inner part is
exposed to the south and the outer part
is exposed to the north Wow pull the
kilowatt of solar panels back serious
guys check out the mountain whole place
has been like bespoke designed to save
as much energy and create as much energy
as possible like a fully sustainable eco
house I have a feeling that most houses
in the future are going to be built like
this you're acting eating here we are in
the control room this is the most
high-tech house I've ever been in just
the things that this place does blows my
mind these like high tech computers that
sense when certain temperatures are
needed in the house so doesn't waste
energy it pumps things up this is like a
very sophisticated water heating system
that kind of runs through it hot water
and heat the cold water really quickly
and and always going to it over here
this is the air filtration system and
this is all the dirt being filtered out
the air from outside so the whole house
has really clean air so spot their
beliefs here and down
they have this spiritual instruments
they keep in mouth
everyone gather around so does it like
harness energy is that what it does it
harnesses the energy harness the energy
that are there universal energy yes
there can be used in order to harmonize
the group it can be used for for
protection for certain things it can be
used for the contact with me whether it
was a plant it can be used for for many
many many things so this is it really
has an infinity of different application
is it like a spiritual computer terminal
yeah and it's like connecting a Wi-Fi
link that you can program themselves you
can activate it actually good it's like
a keyboard like a keyboard it's like a
keyboard on the spiritual computer
terminal well I'm learning a lot of new
things on this trip I didn't really
understand any of the the belief system
around the self and harnessing cosmic
energy the last couple of days I've been
learning about the beliefs here yeah
still can't quite wrap my head around
there we've arrived at a new location
now this is just down the road from
where we were I think maybe there's a
farm here okay we're going into one of
the greenhouses we found out that this
farm provides for half of the year
provides all of the foods to Damanhur
but then in the winter and spring it's
difficult it's hard to grow stuff that
listen I can in classical music to
diploma all these kind of plans that
stay here for not so long commute you
don't see so much the effect of
communities division on a different
record or if you already see it on
tomatoes or eggplants because they stay
longer on the plan
I want to learn more about the bees oh
good so I know honey technically isn't
vegan because it's made from animals but
we're going to learn a little bit from
the beekeepers today about how they
collect honey in an ethical way I think
there's like really damaging ways to
keep bees and flipped honey but tonight
maybe this maybe there's good ways to do
it without harming them I still think my
favorite thing about the farm so far is
that they're playing music to the floor
actually awesome so if you come to
another area of the farm where we're
going to make some animals I'm super
excited we dishonor oh yeah you don't
you don't you go to you on an apple and
ballet
yummy Oh God donkey droll on my hand
this is the key donkey here so baby
dumplings this dog over here he's not
usually on the chain but I just blame on
the chain because he can get little bit
by T around new people and guests and
stuff but he was whining because okay
because he's being left out so I came
over I came over to keep him company
guys I had a little bit sidetracked with
the dogs I didn't even really get the
meetinghouse probably but though still
dual system right
lunch is there look at that all
homegrown from damanhur is it all going
home going from Dominus apart from the
chickpeas and the rice we have just
finished up a delicious lunch and now we
are going to be continuing to learn some
things about the mo harrion's it just
sound outgoing pretty cool it's that
there's an ancient language that I've
learnt and one of the ways to speak the
language is free and dance form can you
show us love again it's the dance moves
for love the way what's live the
adventure
don't leave the eventual downfall that's
pretty that's pretty amazing
so how crazy is slice now well it's
probably one of the most unique at
places I've ever been in my whole life
but I'm just so um stuck on the
time-travel thing yeah that's just
ruining my whole life is it yeah because
I'm so curious we'll try to uncover
their secrets so I just can't stop
thinking about it what the food here is
super good and they're all like
eco-friendly and I really like that a
lot
that's good and if you don't know what
you're talking about and you haven't
seen all videos from the last couple of
days this isn't the only aspect of them
in here this is like more the practical
farming eco stuff but yesterday we went
on a very interesting spiritual
discovery journey and we're going to
continue a bit of that as well I think
we're going to art now we're going to
learn how to do
right for the art room ah made myself a
coffee Josh is raring and ready to go on
he goes yeah she's really dragged me out
of bed we got a date guys we were having
a DFS we were really ready to ever learn
that but you know we can do this instead
it looks like a mix between yoga and
pottery I'm going to call it yo
yes get a battle each other yeah go
ahead what do you think this is how my
crannium coming alone
a little bit more work to do it my
cameras got so much clay on it okay
right i'ma show himself right we have
written on a piece of paper and words
that come to mind and we look at each
other's sculptures and now I don't know
what we're going to involve paint I've
got my palette of colors and we are
printing representations of these words
that would come up with for an ideal
community where did we put coffee if
we've got good wine and coffee
what do you think of my tree health
community we're almost finished our
amazing mural of what represents
community lots of tree houses here
thousand megabytes per second in Wi-Fi
internet obviously hammocks campfires
lots of fruit vegetables and friends and
puppy and love and coffee and freaky cat
this is this is awesome
sunspot my dragon facing the community
the treehouse community it's a big mean
if you look three of us the three houses
in a row we're like the ended another
amazing day I feel very inspired
especially visiting the stable house I'm
very interested about steps I can take
my own life and the human race to you
know think of ways to use energy better
and travel and transport is another one
which basically we can explore together
as a community of one we added well it's
really exciting that we get to speak so
creative I don't often tap into the pure
creative taught me I feel like I am
autistic and these love kind of creating
weather is this dragon culture or the
pain
where the life don't often get some food
after that's really cool and it is cool
as well as me right
Kristen ordering the tree houses when we
were asked to you know paint what we was
most important about community and yeah
it's exciting to think that one day that
we will have a community Cory not
decided under and we won't have the same
belief systems but there's something in
in collective communal living life I'm
really attracted to so yeah lots of
thing about to take in and pretty
interesting to you guys tomorrow we
really continue on our quest to learn
about down there and all of the
fascinating things about this place I
woke up in the morning
peace out enjoy life and the adventure
