josh here from JQ adventures here in the
beautiful Palm Springs California and
you are watching some for Louie it's
bright and early 9 a.m. and we are
jumping in the van to go to the main hub
of Damanhur which is this community that
we're visiting for the next four days
and we're going to find out what it's
all about so they said that these people
discovered time-trial back in 1997 so
i'm going to discover all their secrets
okay
and then we're going to tell you we're
going to a secret unless they don't want
us a very sexy person anyway yeah we
grabbed our breakfast and went out
starting at or 40 years ago when the
founders left researching you know
telepathy or you know parallel
dimensions and so on they were weird
people so they start traveling all
around the world looking for the
synchronic on synchronic lines are those
rivers of energy that flow all over in
the world and keep the chronic connected
we're not pagans okay we as I said
before we think that all the divine
divinity that has been believed come
people they are part of the truth is the
founder still here
possibly after was four years ago yeah
please did somebody take his place when
he was festival Farkle Costigan was the
person were the father was crucial and
it was an amazing person I have to do
like a Gary no was nothing - exactly he
did not want to be a guru because you
always told us that we have to search
the master inside of us you know he told
us to believe in impossible dream you
know and this is the more beautiful gift
if someone can give you together you
have a strength that is much much more
than the one plus one plus one so we're
still kind of at the beginning of the
tour and we're learning a lot of crazy
things just how mad is this very much
everything that's going on is like
you're either going to believe me not
gonna believe it but I can tell levitate
and I'm gonna die at so they are talking
about harnessing powers that we as
humans don't often harness and the fact
that there's a lot of paranormal stuff
that happens that can't can't really be
explained by science whether you believe
it or not it is actually really
fascinating that there's a community of
people I guess going on that journey
together of finding a different way of
living this is cellco the founder of
summon her he looks happy
so when you see people painted yeah
another way but because we paint them
because we want them to be amongst us
yes nothing to be with them to be with
outside guys I found a calculus very
opaque you know I like very well really
fluffy cat so I guess the communities
are let off into little villages and
this is one area where people live Wow
look at will be solar panels
do you know the percentage of power
that's drawn from solar yeah 45 45
percent of our electric consumption so
all of these patterns and the floor you
just explained they are for like dynamic
meditation and they represent different
things what did you call them again the
circuits are so like healing purposes
and stuff none of them do have healing
purposes other ones are for like self
improvement things are not for
inspiration for artistic inspiration
lunch is finished and we are now heading
to the tempo of was intended simple
humanity the temple of humankind so
there's an elevator down into the temple
sled the bat cave this is legit like the
Batcave home how many years of the snake
15 in its 15 years
and women now showing us around actually
helps build the temple
all around we have a beautiful name with
like the different landscape kind you
will feel of different ages and ages
guys might find a bit alone right now
the first room we walked into is called
the Hall of victory and it's called the
Hall of gear and like every little
detail of everything thing has like real
serious meaning behind it and I can't
really explain everything we've learned
already but they said they're taking
three days to explain all of the details
of this painting something that's
currently doing a bit of renovation up
here but as you can see it is absolutely
crazily detailed painting every single
person painted is representing one of
the members of the community so everyone
that's showing it around is actually
represented so they're like a lot of
them have painted up there in that crowd
at her on the wall that's so cool I have
no idea what this is unbelievable
like this the portal to beyond and
community here believe that they can
communicate with me from Earth dies and
these statues represent each person had
passed away from the communities that
they sculpt their own statue and
everyone in the community has a statue
representing them
if you think there is not a
statistically significant or so I have
to push
well not at all mainly time is the third
temple built back in definitely
hand-carved the piccata no way the
entrance
anetha corrector oranges open first of
all at the beginning without healing our
teachers so he is a close no and we were
our intention was to protect the temple
as much as possible to build another
Kingdom nobody for 15 years because
going be my favorite bazaar no idea the
occasion is amazing for the story of
this place that my play and we attended
amazing stories was about how the temple
was secret until they had a link to 15
years to see greater they had to reveal
where the timber was and that I've been
building it is one of their ex members
had a was blackmailing since I it all
came out but it one of the things that
the secret exit was slow understeer
entrance is all symbolic because often
like you're searching for a way out of
the situation and then as you know a
doorway open
savate wrinkle and in the middle is to
the face but to see other four faces and
you see all the attributes that are
linked to this belief because each one
of these windows represents a different
belief system around the world and this
is La the Hawaiian goddess of volcanoes
yeah if you have seen the film avatar
you might have noticed that the Navi
they call it an educator the ICU is
amazing to read each other and actually
they have taken that from Buddha because
of cool in the morning when they meet
each other they say I see you yeah his
tangos windows Jesus good and the Holy
Spirit represented represent I've just
been talked through what these murals
are and a history of mankind so honest
white man and his side is women and this
is back from a stone age stone circles
and then we keep going down this places
like the invention of the wheel
colonization that is representing
slavery really the Wild West French
Revolution the first and second world
war in the mist dude he represents
capitalism and there's something
symbolic here with an empty briefcase
that essentially capitalism is nothing
and she's saying this represent the
future what do you think about the
future Riya just the reason why there's
a parent here is what we need to
understand that the future is entirely
up to us like I literally have been
feeling chills the past minutes and see
she told us about this and we ended up
with the future I just looked straight
ahead
and I was like it's so true that it's
entirely up to us what happens with our
planet and it's just like the feeling
you get when you look in this mirror
it's just it's our job to protect men to
you yeah
hey guys the features down today give
another secret no you have to find you
Oh
get it get it or when you see something
issue it means only one thing
that there is a secret passage taken for
example
love a secret door oh my gosh this is
really slow
you're like I'm going to blow your mind
you might not believe all this
I'm not sure by doing that I found that
this place next without coming from the
future 600 years in the future
he's done time travels and twelve
ancient languages and then in this room
he will again
a code of how to save humanity and how
to unite mankind the deciphering
languages around this room which I can't
show you in detail but is that it was a
pan around if they poured a lot please
secret the future of mankind imagine
discovering this place without anyone
giving you a tour and you have to
reflect on the walls and try and figure
your way around
okay should I go with them
our outside quite suddenly suddenly
we're out with them Hitler I didn't see
that coming Oh tripod anyone have that
Joseph you lost all your stuff yeah I
have to go back in and get it I guess
right so just line the entire tire well
guys it's gonna take me a while to
process what we found out in there and
it's all pretty crazy stuff amazing
though and like just an intense amount
of work done instantly I'm still not
sure what made for you today it was
fascinating and I try to go back to
study the pitches more so learn that bit
more about the leash and the community
here tomorrow is really interested we're
going to be looking at how they have
explored kind of eco living and
sustainability we then today he has that
think you know thing like forty five
percent of their their energy is from
solar and developers suffocate areas and
growing or growing the greenhouses or
some local communities so all the lines
up a prayer
then it's healthy building up into our
lives which unknown benefit plan and
more sustainable for our future of
humankind the journey we're going to go
online they hopefully apply that
interesting and yeah maybe we'll find
out more about the spiritual mental
stuff here as well we might see some
meditation something yeah right I see in
the morning peace out enjoy life with
the adventure
