so today guys we are in Hobbiton in New
Zealand
doing a 360 video so you can join us on
this tour it's pretty incredible this is
Shane he's going to be showing us around
thanks we're going to take a look in one
of the hobbit holes I don't know who
lives here
the crazy thing about this place is the
detail the attention to detail is
incredible each hobbit hole has its own
little like setup outside depending on
what that hobbit did as a job so the
last one we went to is like a little
pottery thing it's like a butcher's and
the fishmongers and stuff a lot if you
look inside
yeah why are you coming in
this could be a cool photo looking out
yeah
like standing there yeah I mean against
okay just my rocking chair to shame who
lives here
suppose an amazon hobbit hole yeah you
do
so it's available yes feels cool how
much imagine goodbye i hope it holds it
i was hastily duck through the doors
each time to be with us
yeah i'm looking this year to buy some
land in the UK and i want to do some
really interesting things i want to be
able to build some tree houses and then
potentially if we get a area with a
clearing i'd love to build some hover
house that was so good
pretty girls please all those and three
hats yeah and roy i was saying if we did
it would have to like plant a lot of
flowers because i think that's what
makes it when you're walking through is
just these yeah flowers everywhere yeah
great
this is again this is where Frodo and
Bilbo lift we can't actually go in there
right now because there's lots of tall
groups going around so this is the this
is the hobbit hole this is the main one
it's got the best view as well I think
see if you can have a little peek inside
I preferred the hobbit holes whether
there's just a round or like I think one
of them's just like a normal kind of
door but it's all about the round of so
guys this is the party filled and the
big famous tree by the lake is going to
go and see some more hobbit holes now
yeah yeah stand is known as a modern
hobbit so you've got fresh running water
and I'll come see you right of the
trundle certainly to note number one two
three be honest answer is the only hole
that holds remaining on spit better
understand yeah oh yeah I haven't told
you guys there's how many scales other
three three there's ninety percent which
is the majority two big ones you've seen
one and tell my viewers why that is
because there are different size crete
to the middle earth so we have to create
those different sizes out here by
forcing the perspective so accessing the
hobbits are placed in front of the
hundred percent is in the ninety two
senses because i'm here the hobbit holes
up there everything's in the correct
portion items like company look there
but then someone such as Gandalf even me
to be bigger than the hobbits so when he
comes fast he walks past our 60
businesses so Gandalf stop here the
Hobbit holes down here create the
illusion season one three oh yeah we're
now taking a little walk along the
lakefront
these are some more 60% Hulbert house
this is your favorite yeah it's pretty
cool it's so magical here guys and
that's and there's like bees and
butterflies everywhere and that's a
green dragon in over there we're going
to head over there lunch look at this
cute little bite down here yeah this is
one of my favorite spots in Hobbiton
that's the fence that Bilbo jumped over
when he said he's going on an adventure
and then this is a garden down here I
like this hobbit hole here as well yeah
yeah look at these flowers awesome last
year when I was here I got a cool photo
jumping over that fence and if you go up
a little bit up the hill you can see
bag-end like right up there there's so
many bees and butterflies the guys were
in the green dragon in this is the end
of our hobby
it's amazing it is it absolutely
mandro that open fire we could pass
orders and lunch best day ever
