my name is Jacob I live here in these
snowy but beautiful New York City and
you are watching fun for Louie
joy good morning guys we are about to
leave our Airbnb we've been staying here
for a couple of days and to rinse that
is true in down there you can't really
see at the moment but as you drive out
you'll see this spectacular but we've
got in the Alps and the edge of the out
yeah I'll show you quickly around the
house of been staying in and this whole
house has been the spoke to you designed
with this amazing spiral staircase the
room this is a room in Ryan wing it
which has been using these last few days
there's a bit of a relaxation time film
some videos together relax get some
quality time this downstairs check out I
love how everything is curved in here
like everything is designed it has been
one of my favorite things about the stay
it with had fires going every night and
it's a really cool fireplace because
it's like you see it from both sides
central to the whole room are also these
balloons because the other night Kristin
hit a hundred thousand subscribers on
the channel show you a few little clips
now about celebrating 50 people to go
how are you feeling Kristen you deserve
and he goes enjoyed I'll stay here for a
few days know everybody a little more
yeah it's fun to celebrate with you as
well for hitting a home break a another
adventure let's do it
I feeling just I'm ready to go yeah whoa
well so we spotted this massive building
you lit up from the town at the top of
this mountain and it turns out there's
only like five minutes from where we're
staying
this is the Basilica the Superga here's
a better view of the mountains
surrounding terrain this doesn't look
real
right we've parked up in the town center
we're now going on a mission to find
food and this is just great I every
street we found down there just
beautiful architecture look at that
church
I found lunch we're going to check out
the menu right we basically just ordered
everything on the menu and we're just
like splitting in trying different
things and it all is Gloria
right on some oil exploring just notice
is very cool emoji has been painted on a
sign up there so we just gotta dis call
building at the end of the street and we
just been walking along towards the Sun
like look we're in the shade of the
moment but look all right guys we just
met Martina she's going to be our tour
guide she is studying here locally and
she suggested we go to this cool place
the bridge some park somewhere that's
really really beautiful
we've arrived in a very cool Square
what's the name of this square the
address on Cardinal yes so San Carlo so
it turns out Martina is an instagramer
she just showed me some of their cool
Instagram shot take it
it's called making connections abroad
alive million people and also getting
local knowledge
he's only been studying here five months
but she she knows enough she owes more
than we do we really don't know where
we're going guys I just stopped in to
buy some gloves and I feel like a
thousand percent better I will wear next
off thing as well
whoa
typical building out it looks like a
train station of the main is this a
train station yeah I guess get that we
just found the chocolate shop we're
thinking we just need one chocolate bar
this one do you think they do vegan
chocolate I think all of it being in it
yeah I agree I think guys I think we
missed times our walk with it beautiful
Blake because now the sunset and we
missed it this happens quite often to me
movie corners natural habitat do what
you love to do best and they can I shut
fire get in the shot we have done a lot
of walking around today we finally get
air up have a little sit-down restaurant
even kindly invited us back to her house
to upload videos because it's having a
white white class so you can kill here a
little bit maybe steals with no copy and
make a plans go into the evening I go
with her laptop Club and it's now dinner
time all this looks delicious this is
quite credible like it all all the walls
the mirror and then they've got these
beautiful chandeliers with these like
Ivy draped around there alright let's
roll let's roll gang we are heading to a
magical place
so guys we have arrived in this place
which we're going to be staying at the
next few days it is a place that we have
planned to visit since the beginning of
this trip and this is kind of like the
penultimate part of our trip
it's a Eko community like this some
spiritual retreat place called Damanhur
it's been around since the 70s other
than that I don't know a lot about it I
know there's a really cool temple I know
there's like a lot of cool traditions
here a very alternative way of living
and there's a lot of people living in
part of the community tomorrow we'll be
able to ask a lot of questions and find
out a lot more about it so the things
I'm really interested is there them
exploring like eco sustainable living
and yeah how to live in the community
together because I feel like in a lot of
societies that the Western culture lives
in quite segregated like you might have
your neighbors but you kind of have your
own household whereas I'm really
interested in the future if I ever have
a house or a tree house is looking at
way to live in community like in a more
communal way so I'm gonna find out so
much next few days I feel like it's
going to be mind-blowing and and quite
bizarre I think in some ways but I yet
cannot wait we are going to get some
sleep now and just rest up we've got a
full-on day tomorrow of yeah just
finding out information exploring this
place and yeah I want to be full of
energy for that so I will catch you in
the morning oh one last thing if you
haven't seen mine and Josh's collab
video where we shared our best adventure
stories you can watch that now here and
if you have seen the other one that we
uploaded josh's channel our worst event
of stories you can check that out here
anyway okay I'll catch you in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
