good afternoon guys me and Raya
are in Brighton been staying here for a
few days before the LTA traveled
somewhere which starts tomorrow and just
had some lunch
a lovely falafel place and doing a bit
of shopping Rhys bought a new bag and we
are now heading we decided to stay in
Brighton one more day so we're now
heading to a hotel right on the
beachfront which will be really
beautiful and we're gonna go film some
videos like a little Q&A and a little
video about the favourite things have
done this year which those videos will
actually already be up in our channel so
I'll link those so look how beautiful
this place is
okay guys I have left Brighton I've
driven back up to Cobham which is a long
way to drive but there was a few things
that we hadn't collected yet for the
event tomorrow so I'm doing my best to
help and I'm gonna be dropping some
stuff down to Lewis which is where in
the youth hostel where we're doing the
event so I've swung to my parents and
basically just grabbed as many things as
I can think of that we might need
probably don't need it all but it's
better to be safe than sorry so I've got
like some spare cables and a tripod so
we can set up a little photo booth some
little gifts some things I've had
knocking around I want to be able to do
giveaways like camera straps and I don't
know loads of different things and also
fairy lights because we're gonna be
decorating I don't know if you saw when
we last went there with Laura and Rachel
and had a look around we want to make it
really magical so I've got lots of fairy
lights as well always feel like in these
situations I'm gonna forget something
and I probably am but we get there early
enough tomorrow to set up then we'll
still have time to whizz out and collect
things the other thing I'm thinking is
the Internet's not very good there so
I've got these little Wi-Fi boxes which
we can put SIM cards into potentially
just to get some some faster Wi-Fi for
people right guys
this is the mess you can't really see
what's going on here but there's a lot
of things it's camera hard drives in
case I need to get things there's even a
little light thought head for photobooth
staff and for fairy lights and yeah some
GoPro goodies to give away speakers are
set up on the bus
I actually miss kind of organizing
events like this and kind of get them um
sword it all comes together in the last
24 hours that's what I'm used to doing
but also if you're all right in the
middle of it all you tend to get a
little bit less sleep when you're doing
that classic when you're in a hurry
somewhere and then you look down and you
have a zero fuel in your tank so I'm
doing a quick stop off for some petrol
okay okay Laurens just given me a little
speech today when people arrive tomorrow
discovering all the essentials and
they'll write down a shopping list the
things we need first thing in the
morning what was it again some of the
things in from the car yes what do you
think is the so a good show
very double TV it's my dad's idea
a mini HDMI into the camera and then
we've got this light as well so we can
set up and there's a spot on the other
side of the building where we're gonna
make it a fun little piece I've got the
most important thing fairy lights
now some of these are for inside is
someone ever outside I think his letters
like these ones it yeah I think these
are inside ones right yeah are they
and then these facilities are definitely
outside I've left the girls making their
paper chains and writing their final
lists and going on a mission to find the
little tepee tent that we've set up I
found it
come on check this out guys this is an
idea we had were just checking the place
out earlier this is amazing look at this
yeah oh yeah we're gonna make it so cool
in there I'm thinking fairy lights yeah
through a few more cushions and the
floor and stuff a little rug he's gonna
be a cool hangout space very chilly I
might need to put a little heater in
here and then down here I guess this is
where we're gonna have the fire pit I
guess I think guys these the cabins here
that's a nice thing
I just really hope the rain holds off
because if it's chucking it with rain
it's not gonna be good vibes cloud is
fine
I think either idea is either bright
sunshine like real crisp nice sunny day
even that's gonna be cold or if it
starts snowing imaginable
days but like I said cloudy final are an
exciting turn on an event like this I
haven't really done it to this scale
before or like a whole weekend event
though I haven't been part of a team
I've done it before but it's nice doing
your own thing you know I'm actually
really pumped for it I've got a good
team helping me guys we've been waiting
this is our first arrival our first
career I would say how you go back you
can manage get some food yeah right this
is what everyone gets hot water bottle
itinerary and a little Welcome card Dora
and Rachel have been working harder all
right I'm gonna trace it to his rib now
how's your journey long yeah this middle
of nowhere yeah maybe we should have put
a heating on before you go ahead
so that should heat up pretty quick it's
kicking out so we've done all we can for
tonight everyone's headed to bed me and
Roy are heading back into Brighton for
our last day in a in a proper bed I
think the plan is that though we're
gonna be sleeping in the bus tomorrow
night but we'll see how that turns out
hopefully it works
hopefully the heating's on this stuff if
not all be in a cabin like a Serie thing
and that's my room in the terrifying
elevator there's been a very random day
today guys what I didn't mention was in
between being in Brighton this morning
and then going to coven to collect
things I actually had to go a little bit
ashamed to say to a speed awareness
course which was like four hours of kind
of sitting in a classroom learning about
why it's bad to speed that was an
alternative to getting points in my
license for speeding wasn't going super
fast but there's you know still
dangerous so I've learned a lot of
things today anyone that's been to a
speed awareness course you know I'm
talking about it's it's quite a long but
but necessary and I think it's a good
scheme it's good anyway so got that done
managed to sort out some of the things
for the summit tonight but tomorrow will
be the main day of helping set up I'm
gonna try and help as much as I can it's
gonna be kind of rush because it's all
kicking off early afternoon tons of
people are coming in and yeah today's
tomorrow work today now today's the day
technically today so yeah really excited
I cannot wait I'm hoping I'm gonna keep
my energy levels up the whole weekend I
think I will because I'll just be
buzzing on the fun of it all and just
that this is actually the start of
something which I want to include more
of you guys in maybe we can start doing
events all over the world eventually but
yeah let's just stop us more right see
in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
