hey guys I am filming a Q&A today with
Raya with filming also video on her
channel oh hey guys I'm filming the Q&A
today lol hey guys we are filming a Q&A
today on my channel I'm with Roya we're
filming a video on her channel - or 2016
favorites we did something similar last
year the beginning of January we are
currently in Brighton and tomorrow we're
heading to the live Adventure Travel
summit so we're just having some chill
time before then but this is the perfect
time to have a little sit-down chatty
video so I asked some questions on
Twitter and we're going to read through
and yeah try and open up a little bit
maybe there'll be some funny questions
in it right let's do this this is from
Rochelle our friend she asks describe
one another in three words okay I would
say generous kind and adventurous those
are like two out of those there isn't
say for you haha that's what it's good
for
um okay loving hard working and hmm
that's a nice way to say that you're a
little crazy and like risk your life and
just two crazy things what's a word for
that
like adventurous but like to another
extent yeah okay okay I don't know the
word is what's the word yeah I feel like
there is a word leave in the end
comments you guys I'm talking about but
that's that's the vibe that I think Oh
for just like adventurous but like to
ventures like a little bit of crazy
sprinkles yeah what was the most
romantic place you visit together and I
think the Modi's is by far
like maybe unbeatable more most
romantically I mean like as soon as I
got there I was like I totally see why
this is everyone's honeymoon destination
yeah but it's also I mean it was like a
tiny tiny island in your own it's very
private
which I guess is the whole point like so
it was just time to like be together and
talk and no distractions just like fully
there with each other I guess yeah and
your birthday day where we went out I
liked it right if you didn't see I took
right out onto this like platoon now in
the platoon platform platform MC don't
know what happens when space platform
yeah if you didn't see it
I took her out onto this platform in the
middle of the sea and we had like this
private meal made for us at sunset and
it's like crazy romantic so yeah I think
if you're looking for questions
interesting has Roya fine you came to me
and I would say no because in my head
taming somebody mean I think it just
means lifestyles change when you get
into relationship and maybe when I was
single there others lid slightly
differently but I still think even in
the last year we've done more traveling
and had more adventures but but being
basically thinking about someone else in
your life and having somebody important
that you care about does change the way
you do things and basically you don't do
as many like super dangerous yeah well I
try
yes probably something is an ongoing
thing where aya and I think she has a
point
I think I'm just still adjusting even
though we've been together a long time
now I feel like I'm still adjusting to
not having like a mindset of just
thinking about myself so but also I just
want to say that it has been like two
years now even
together and stuff and you changes a
person through that time as well exactly
literally anything that changes that he
does there's a comment it's like Oh
rising him do that look what he started
wearing like bandanas that people were
like all rise make him do that like as
anything that he does is apparently
because of me I just like to say that
he's also doing things and changing as a
person it has been like two years so
even if I wasn't here he still would be
changing as a person so not everything I
know I'm quite stubborn with some stuff
so I know I'm not gonna let like anybody
just changed my life
I think if things are changing in our
lives it's because we're both deciding
yeah exactly
there you go so stop picking a riot yeah
thank you
would you go to space and I can just say
for me yes yes I would go space actually
number one thing in my bucket list
all about you I definitely would if I
came back like I wouldn't do a one way
to get to Mars kind of thing would you
know and they want me to get over you um
but yeah I'd love to like go out and
experience that and then come back in
yeah if anyone's watching that's like
involved with like space programs and
you're like wanting to find people that
want to go up into orbit please pick me
I'll make an awesome vlogger promise
what cheers you up why don't you answer
that okay just thing see me now
what what is you yeah which is yeah Oh
which is you up I there's some things
which I think tear both of us up one of
them watching Gilmore Girls
yeah and cuddling yeah kind of often
while watching Gilmore Girls yeah
sunshine sunshine yeah and warmth kind
of go hug him and sunny warm weather
basically mmm what else we a lot of them
are the same for us which is handy yeah
if I get like in a weird mood yeah I
listen to Congo I was literally just
about to say that sometimes like please
just give me a minute to like take the
headphones off and wanders off literally
two minutes when she comes back only
happy yeah food I would say freak you
know your mood took changes thank you
actually I get very angry I really am
not a real person in the morning that
I've had like food
coffee coffee is probably even more yeah
coffee and hair dress yeah I was about
to say I've told you guys this before
but I got this weird thing where I think
it happens like you know like people
have security blankets I've got a thing
with hair dryers where the noise of the
hairdryer and the feeling of warm air I
think it takes me back to when I was a
baby and I apparently when I was getting
my like nappy or diaper changed my dad
would like dry me with a hair dryer so
it was like this really nice feeling but
yeah if I'm feeling really sad I'll just
let lay in bed with the hair dryer like
pointing out my face
let me feel really happy does anyone
else have that a obsession or not oh I
just really weird
pick one animal the best represents the
other person I want to say puppy for you
really why just because you love puppies
and you're also like very happy and like
like puppy ish ah thank you
um-hmm I want to say it's particularly
one animal we were on this safari in
South Africa and there was this baby
elephant do you remember this yeah and
this one particular elephant like there
was like giraffes and all the like adult
elephants around there was like grazing
and this one little elephant just like
started like causing havoc and he was
like running around scaring all the
giraffes and just like doing what I
wanted to scientists in there like what
are you doing and he's like oh giraffe
start running I don't know I just his
energy was just so good and like full of
life and he's like I just want to go
have fun and he's like running around
and everyone's like what are you doing
they're like that's kind of what you're
doing is oh I've never been compared to
that but that particular one also all
the river animals so that's a huge
compliment okay here's one for me are
you going to bring back viewer intros to
your videos if you've watched the last
couple of videos I have brought back
viewer intros so this is a good chance
for me to tell you guys if you're
traveling you're in cool places film
like a 10 second clip make sure it's
landscape just saying like hey it's John
and I'm in Africa and you're watching
fun fluey
boom and that I'll use that clip of the
beginning of my vlogs I haven't been
doing it for the last year I actually
stopped in December 2015
bringing it back because you know by
popular demand a lot of people are
saying they kind of missed that and it's
a brilliant way for me to include you
guys and I feel like it's kind of
bringing the community back together
submit your email I'm gonna link the
email below even though there's ones
that you've done this year and didn't
get a chance to send me from last time
send them send them now do you ever make
up some of the drama of you rushing to
catch a plane just so you have something
to show us
no okay I wish oh my gosh I wish it's
it's been like it's so funny I joke
about how when I first met Louie he was
like really into massages and I was like
I never get knots I don't know why like
weird about massages and by the end of
last year I was so tense I needed a
massage like all the time because I mean
a few different reasons but the fact
that were late to everything and have
missed almost every plane that we've
taken yeah but we only need stress that
we haven't I've only missed one flight
loves dearly yeah but it's just like the
hours before we get on a plane is always
high-intensity stress and mainly for
meiyan cuz you're just like slightly
more chilled and I'm just yeah I'm like
we're fine we're gonna be we're still
gonna like five minutes there but
obviously it's nicer to have like half
an hour yeah sometimes though it's weird
because we're actually in the lounge
waiting and then suddenly it's like
final call and then we like go in
there's like 20 minutes to walk to the
gate we're like war yes whatever last
though we're like running like sweating
like but this is actually an interesting
question because I feel like as of quite
recently a lot of YouTube has switched
to more like skits and scripted things
but it's like it's because vine stars
move to YouTube so a lot of it's like
fiction almost slightly fit but it's
like vlog style but it's not real and
that is really interesting because for
me personally if something's blog like
it's a blog I trust that it's real so if
someone's like exaggerating or even like
scripting a scenario personally that's
like a trust thing for me that I'm not
comfortable with but for just so you
know like we don't do anything we don't
exaggerate your script or don't like
this is full on maybe the a page real
thumbnail or titles a slight
exaggeration but that comes to the
current climate you too as well
as I don't like furlan click baiting
like something that isn't even video
related but if there's something that's
going to draw people's attention I still
feel like I'm making a good quality
video but I'm now competing with a load
of other people click baiting so it's it
is an environment I don't like that I'm
part of but it is the current
environment but YouTube has become
personal it really sucks but if you do a
little experiment like if you do an old
video like exploring blah blah and if
you do a clickbait the cookie will get
like double or triple the views
sometimes and it really sucks but when
your video is like a normal video in
title and then like fall though if you
look at your subscription feed all the
other ones or clickbait you're like no
one's in a click mind and that is proven
they say oh lines like I'm not gonna
start like hosting Ryan's cleavage and
whatever my thumbnails no matter how
many other people do it like I just I
don't want to do that yeah but I might
focus in on like something dramatic that
happened that day
unfortunately it's where YouTube's
headed so something we can do about it
yeah so that's a lot of fun guys go and
check Rhys video out we filmed on her
channel our favorites of 2016 and we
will see you tomorrow for the travel
summit it's gonna be awesome
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
