I'm Joanne and I'm Carlos I'm California
and we're on top of a castle in Spain
and you're watching fun for Louie
enjoy so good morning guys I just
arrived at Gatwick Airport Riots landed
New York to spend Christmas in New
Year's there with our family and friends
I'm hoping maybe I haven't missed time
so it's meteor she comes out so right
it's all in a very very long secure line
so I had to fill up your water away so I
think she's coming through now
so we are heading down to Brighton today
spin an air B&B but it's not available
till 3:00 so we're going to go back my
carriers and just rest up as Brian and
really get any sleep on the plane and
yeah look important x4 today to see
people taking the weather is going to be
not too bad
it's going to be cold but it might it
might be nice down there
so Riya is going to take it out with
Knapp and I'm going to pop over to the
Buffs
and just see the latest progress this is
going to be 2017 bus progress report and
in three days time we're going to be
using the bus down at the summit Bolivia
Venters summit so I'm hoping it's going
to be all ready it's gonna have a look
so Mike is away on a little trip and I'm
just going to show you around the buses
there still a lot of the latter they've
been helping out for a long time now and
we're trying our best to get it looking
as good as possible and its function was
possible for the weekend so I'll show
you what's happening this is all been
insulated and for the moment we're not
gonna put windows in here so that's yeah
that's the current situation there which
i think is cool things can be painted
white and then maybe I'll put a cool
poster on there or try mount the TV or
something and this whole seating area is
going to be nice - to get some extra
cushions for this area and why this is
happening downstairs and I think we've
got most of sound system hooked up Josh
has hooked up the wednesy LEDs yeah he's
hooked up LEDs under the kitchen thing
she's looking pretty good and I think
he's working upstairs it's gonna have a
look are you doing Josh have a good
holiday Christmas yeah nice oh yeah lots
of little
if any of you guys got a flu of the
moment we got ill over Christmas what
you're working on at the moment so at
the moment what I'm doing is we're
expanding on this on the sound system so
I'm just doing some soldering joints
here that allow you to use basically
this auxilary which is straight into the
blu-ray player yeah and then put out
what you're putting off the XP sevens on
your Bluetooth connection sweet sweet
xb7 awesome awesome so basically it's
going to sound great and we get it all
hooked up we've got the external
speakers here I have got a ginormous
sound system which I used to run on the
boom bus but we won't be needing that
unless we're doing like massive parties
or concerts yeah but yeah with the speak
on cables ready and then for the weekend
as well going to get the hot tub all
fired up and working it's currently got
no water in but the guy downstairs
working on the boiler situation so this
is the vent for the boiler down there
somewhere we're going to put some big
tanks some gas tanks and we also got the
generator fitted which will come to show
you but I don't know the generators
going to be running for the weekend I
think we're just going to try and do a
cop into the mains power there take the
generator always hard at work over there
all right that's
all right
see how beast about there that is our
generator it's a pretty serious piece of
machinery right there they had two
forklift it in because it weighed so
much but once it's all completed this is
going to be the ultimate events vehicle
and I can't wait to start using it this
year this is the year for the bus oh one
other thing that's going to hopefully
happen is in a couple of days we're
going to get the bus wrapped a lot of
you suggested wrapping it would be nicer
than this spray paint on it so we're
going to go for more of a professional
finished and they're going to get a
matte black vinyl and then hopefully get
the the logos done with vinyl as well
it's going to look incredible and I also
don't know if I showed you the other day
but Mike did this amazing job in the
front well Mike and the boys creating
all this paneling to kind of just make
the front look really nice so I think
they're going to cut some cup holders
into here and then I guess we're going
to cover seat as well it's all looking
lovely and then the last thing as well
we're going to try and get some kind of
coffee machine or kettle just so we can
do some hot drinks at the event I think
that's pretty essential but it's coming
along well it's taking a lot longer than
I originally planned but then again this
is quite unique not a lot of people have
done anything like them so I guess it's
a bit of a learning curve
press that press well press it this oh
how you rigged it up so that's gonna be
hooked up to the gas as oh then yes so
that was just work so then I cooked so
we can cook some dinner as well I like
it I know yeah this fits as well all
right let's bet on - oh yeah yeah so I
fixed my clothes and that's rigged up
red is it nice I just managed to get in
the back here this looks very
complicated this is why it's taking a
while because you need to leave these
things to professionals you can't just
wing these things I think in a lot of
areas of my life I just wing it all the
time but you don't wing this kind of
stuff because this is where things go
wrong and all this needs to be signed
off by like certified people with gas
and all that but we're almost there
months of issues but you know there's
always going to be issues when you're
doing big projects I think just gotta
learn how to roll with it not get too
stressed out Mike's done a great job
though I think he deserves a bit time
off
thanks Mike you'd be watching so I pick
trier up and we're now heading to
Brighton and hoping we'll miss em in
traffic but we would literally need to
leave right now I was going to grab some
lunch to go because we forgot about
lunch
oh come on you're on we have arrived in
Brighton
I've known to find somewhere to park
near where we're staying and I managed
to find a coffee we're going to chill
out for a couple of hours
and then the plan is we're going to go
out to dinner with DJ kick the PJ and
his girlfriend Sophie who also live in
Brighton so it's very they're very
kindly invited us over so it will be
nice to hang out they really haven't
hung out with you so much anyway let me
give you a quick tour or a B&B I think
it's quite small Raya said oh cool this
is really key oh I really like it oh
great choice it's kind of like that nice
rustic style nice toast
ah let's look in the bedroom this is
going to be our home for the next couple
of days I've lovely so we've finally
made our way to PJ and Sophie's house
and we just ordered pizza it's looks
delicious apparent it's from a place
called pizza face
let's go give us a taste it's always one
hand ton of do things one-handed and
plug in mmm all right good yeah I
approve excellent I'm glad know we're
now planning a very exciting game Cobra
oh I feel like it is over there so me
yeah yeah yeah another who's winning
though yeah I think you what's the name
of what's the name of this game this is
memory the memory game
if ages three and above but it's damn
exciting yes we will race Lantern I
think yes you're gonna go again you turn
the first woman at all Mayan and we have
seen the other ones there okay for it I
think they'll like your memory oh he's
the blue line you gotta guys we had the
best night at PJ and Sophie's it was
really really cool
it is however like 3:30 in the morning
and I've just had to drive to find
parking and Brighton I had no idea how
difficult it is to park and Brian what
is good though is I've got my booster
board in the back here
and so I can now yeah escape back for
the the Airbnb hopefully the roads
aren't icy because that's less they
could be catastrophic guys this is
awesome because the whole way back is
uphill and it's just been it's just been
lovely the zero effort if I'd had to
walk back a ladder being a very annoying
I think it is one place in the UK that I
could imagine living during this summer
would be Brighton I think I've said it
before and I know Alfie has tried to
convince me before to get like a flat of
something Brian but I think that could
be a possibility at some stage probably
not this year but maybe once I've done
the little treehouse thing in Bali and
maybe we've spent a little bit time in
California maybe a whole warm to the
idea of potentially next year I'm
getting a little flat here or something
for ya some low getaways when we're not
when we're not traveling because there's
a lot cool people here and as you know
community is important to me so yeah so
I'm thinking anyway the next few days
we'll have a little taste of that and
where we're going to be get to explore
Brighton a little bit and yeah I'll
catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure but
