hi mr. PLO Taipei Taiwan you're watching
fo for Lois bow
good morning guys we are in Ljubljana
signifies an outfit in Slovenia we
arrived last night and the first thing
we're doing today is going on a tour we
have a tour guide and it's going to
quite fascinating walk around the city I
saw a little bit last night and pretty
amazing architecture is like a class
with other Hill very interesting looking
things though I'm hoping a fun day I'm
going to introduce all the crew that
we're out here with good Josh a Dean
Kristen here and then Riya Laura and
Dave everyone as everyone what we found
30s we just survived everything so this
area is called Nutella cough and it is
the alternative capital of the city I
think it's kind of unofficial with
basically a squat and I think a lot of
different artists and people live here
you've got workshops and things and we
were just told that this is a hostel but
used to be a military prison so you can
still see on the first floor there's
like prison bars on the windows and
apparently there I still refer to the
rooms of cells these are freaky
characters are they crazy are they are
they imp they told I know they are Wow
guys look at this mosaic as well mad
what's interesting as well as this used
to be a military base so I feel like
it's a bit of a metaphorical thing going
on here that they can the control center
into like the creative freedom center of
the city and it's definitely it's
definitely not created freedom here it
just keeps going isn't it this is why
tolling myself the walk again yes I saw
it if we look at the museum from vo2
this is like this is like legit this is
your dad you know I like to do I like
everything I do like everything but I
just naturally feel good around this
area by check out this like spider thing
is look at this this is our metal spider
sculpture made out of like metal and
tree log
it's kind of like a bit freaky like a
horror movie isn't it
dude actually I want to make like a
scene with us yeah that is a creepy
Mouse Dave what is that I know I look
like a seal but this is my secret weapon
you warm and cozy I am now and crazy
ain't nobody got my only baby Merc
eggheads I hope you packed the
essentials Louie ha ha ha so good after
we're heading out for you guys
the castles a couple of hill who are
about to take a little like cramping up
the top of the castle what are these
called Lee tramping over Nick Euler
we've made it to the top this is quite a
cool I like the old buildings mixed with
like this new architecture that they've
got in like the glass start but managed
to find the little floppy inside and we
are just warming up
how are you guys feeling a little bit
cold starting to get a little ephod I
was wondering my words in my face like
was it moving fast but now trying to fit
so there's a lesson there's a letter you
guys make sure you were stressed protect
your climate all right this is what I
want oh yeah so I made it to the top
this is the highest point of Ljubljana
Wow that's why we just were down there
I'm a coffee and this is the church bell
that kept me up all night every quarter
of an hour goes off
right back head down he's got the
waiting to make we need to go lunch now
a gang on a food tour
I love how the stairs are built into the
rock so we're going to be shocking in
two different food places over the next
few hours and doing your pages though
this is the first places up this is some
kind of sausage really friend what do
you think there has a paper that's a
really nice like juicy flavorful mustard
the red light we saw decrease six okay
very good results ahead to the next
place but before we do and Josh problems
if you can hear because the pound is
really beautiful it's really interesting
going into traditional church building
loving kind of peaceful body very very
quiet
the children see white people kind of go
in the time scale and find peace rather
it is the next spot we've got a challah
leaves you it was really hard to look
the best thing yeah what is it
Wednesday's mushroom vinegar
hey Barry did I scare you for your
destruction
oh oh yeah bitch is a bitch the next
location
I was just chatting to Josh and fear and
I'm saying something this that makes
this city feel a bit different from
other cities there's not much noise
there's no like traffic noise I know
we're on some pedestrian areas but even
in the background you can't really hear
traffic that feels more like we're in a
remote like town or on the countryside
so quiet throughout this place wire
it's like arising so much of Bulgaria so
I feel cozy and care like I'm home when
I'm here but the same time it's all in
you and amazing yeah so many cool things
Aziz so there's been a lot of wandering
around a lot of ducking in restaurants
for like five ten minutes and eating
things this is the last one we're going
into how it is an amazing view in this
type is called the skyscraper this is a
fair approach the elevator getting 11 at
the top is right everyone man oh yeah
right this is pretty cool view okay
that's where we're at the top of that
tower and yeah
- and Jeff you don't do really good I
think the castle is sick yeah like we're
staring at the castle it doesn't seem
real
okay guys all day we've been bumping
into Slovenian viewers I didn't even
know I had many beautiful Enya but a
bunch into these guys for your name Alex
Mischa
we've just been posting on the top of
the building light level Instagram story
so they came and found us do you find us
from it always supposed to be was not
planned at all I was random however
we're going to a museum now it's like
it's a Museum of illusions apparently
still a lad hi
it's so cool we do these are like
optical illusions in it finally we have
literally ah see your face in the middle
yeah yeah it looks this way it's like a
kaleidoscope so this is towards the
infinity whoa haha we are literally in
the biggest room in the world
yeah so when I'm at the club they
realize now it doesn't seem right
it's on a baton back everybody huh it's
so good no I hate wow it's so good it
works so well because this is look quite
good together now you look like an
absolute giant today we're going to eat
everyone look how the game is our oil
killing your oil how is that good super
good I'm freaky
oh I feel a bit queasy going to view
ever come to the viana so cut the
illusion we they're pretty mental well
we had a little chill time at the hotel
we've now headed out again for dinner
and we just arrived at this place looks
pretty stunning
we've just been served a an amazing soup
I've never seen like a soup of different
colors before Dino whether it is or
switch to the other end of the table to
socialize down its ends and we just got
a main course these are some people from
the Tourism Board here hey for your name
Mardon
and now hosting up there and it's an
amazing place tomorrow we have a very
early start I think like 8 or 8:30 in
morning because we're heading to a cave
somewhere very cold apparently is going
to be breathing so thankfully I bought
some salad pets you know like big black
and snowboarding trousers they should
keep you warm enough if you want to keep
up to date real time with our trip I am
posting actually the whole group of
posting on the lived adventure Instagram
account and Instagram stories throughout
the day so if you over and follow us on
Instagram you'll be able to yeah capture
with what we're doing real-time and
rather than waiting a couple of days one
looks it's good to be doing an indie
vented trip we want to do a lot more and
kind of group trips under the kind of
lived adventure collective over this
year it's one of my 2017 kind of dolls
and it's great we've got to do it pretty
much at the beginning of the year so
yeah we'll keep you updated with all the
trips we're doing and the trips that you
guys can get involved with as well later
in the year right in the morning peace
out enjoy life in the adventure but
