good afternoon guys today I think is the
foggiest day in the UK I've ever known
of ever I mean I'm not usually here this
time of year but it's crazy it's been
this foggy all day like look you can
just barely make out anything in the
distance so very surreal anyway I've
just arrived at Sadie's Ben's world I
was here yesterday for those of you that
missed yesterday's vlog with my friend
Andy and we were doing an off-road
driving experience he was driving one of
their new four-by-fours but he is
looking to get a full way for so we've
come back today to test-drive a GE wagon
which is a pretty awesome car we looked
at one yesterday but we didn't get to
drive it so that's the plan today I
contrived it maybe he'll buy one who
knows it's gonna be a lot of fun so this
is the G Wagon guys that we were looking
at yesterday it already got a bit dark
by the time we were looking at it so I
think we've still got about half an hour
a day likely to take it out so let's do
this ahh where we go
may look like an absolute beast just the
length of the bonnet what's amazing
though is it's not as much of a beach
system of the other the bigger SUVs you
know it's quite it's fun narrows it
quite he's got a bit of a kick to it a
big accelerate now yeah yeah it's not
the quickest thing in the world but it's
nice I mean it's comfy so I'm Frankie
reminisce straight to a tree
I'm it feels like I'm drivin a bubble
tea kind of vehicle I think you could do
along the trip on there like a road trip
yeah it's comfy I'm surprised actually
have confidence to go back in there at
the same time right I'm gonna have a go
now give it a little try
like the look of it it's interesting
because I don't think I'm driven
something that's like a 4x4 or SUV but
it feels kind of small as well I didn't
airiness a bit like someone in this you
just destroy that when you I felt like
if you just drive through now you just
get through them all I'm in a towing
capacity that's heavy you'll be pretty
pretty good that's fun enjoyed that what
do you think guys should Andy get a
wagon not really my price range right
now but definitely growing on me
I am back at Andy's house we have some
other people here don't introduce
yourself Romano I met Romano I think we
figured out seven years ago when me and
Andy and Mike went to Barbados
don't introduce yourself a runner cut
also from Barbados and I knew know this
guy David from Barbados but we just
sitting down and having dinner together
Veronica kindly quick to some courage
sir this way okay only they're very
spicy so we're gonna give it a go
Dave's having a little taste of the
scotch bonnet
well you had taste scope on it before
Dave I think so no I'm not I normally a
coma or something
stupidity is a bird
no good so I am nice by very nice thank
you
well guys we had a delicious meal and
then chatted late into the night
something I didn't update you and yet
was that the hot tub and still not
heated up to the correct temperature and
I tried a few things tonight like
running a hose out of the bathroom
window to heat the water up quicker um
anyway we thought would just be patient
and wait till tomorrow morning so in
this weather starting with a water
temperature of whatever it was I felt
like it was less than seven degrees
maybe like three degrees it's taken
pretty much 24 hours maybe to save up to
heat up to 40 degrees so pretty slow but
once it's up there and you've got it
insulated it should stay around that
temperature anyway um yeah so my point
is we're gonna be trying out the hot tub
tomorrow now christening it I have a
brunch we think so anyway that's what we
did this evening and with the Chang all
night so this bed time this is my
bedroom say it's very lovely and yeah it
would be a nice place to come back to if
it's available when I'm back in the UK I
think this might be my new UK base and
one of the reasons is as much as I love
my family is this sense of community we
had it over dinner tonight and we had
some of our these other friends come
over and it's just something I've been
missing a lot in my life and it's one of
the reasons I want to if you heard me
chatting the other day on the way back
from Dubai one of the reasons I wanna
slow down a little bit this year in
terms of the frequency of travel is just
to be able to engage but a bit more in
friendships and you know spend real time
places and and yeah you know sit down
and eat together with a home-cooked meal
all of those things I haven't had in my
life for years properly so it's
something I'm looking forward to yeah
what else yeah today was quite fun as
well just joining Andy and do some car
shopping and yeah it's kind of crazy
that he went for the g-wagen and I think
you'll be fun and I think something like
that it's a bit of a collector's not
quite classic maybe it's classic I don't
know but I know a lot about cars but
it's um hopefully gonna hold quite a bit
mr. Vallee and it'll be a lot of fun I'm
gonna try and convince him to take it on
some adventures so we can maybe go drive
up some mountains or something somewhere
in Europe at some point yeah I'm looking
forward to that
say that's a lot of fun I think you're
gonna pick it up next week so 2017
g-wagen adventures I think I'm I'm
looking forward to getting back to the
Wonder bug a lot of you've been asking
the wonder bug it is still in San
Francisco I had it shipped down there
from Seattle I think it's where we left
it yeah cuz we drove into Canada and
then back I left it in Seattle got it
shipped out of the San Francisco where
my friend Thomas been looking after it
thank you Tom and then I think in
February I'm gonna pick it up and drive
it down to LA so that's the current plan
and they don't have my my yeah my little
camper van to drive around looking
forward to that as well but yeah it's
winding down tomorrow's the last day of
the year 2016 what an interesting year
it's been a lot of people say it's been
a terrible year for a love reasons
globally and I guess it has in many ways
but I always try and see things in a
positive light so I probably Charlie
Whitmore actually tomorrow do a little
bit of a more of a know my thoughts on
2016 and 2017 and stuff we are heading
off a lunchtime tomorrow after a hot tub
christening we're gonna go up to Oxford
and we're gonna be trying to find
something to do I think is gonna be
pretty pretty chilled I misses one of my
friends who
and Oxford University and he said it's
because it's holiday season and it's not
term time it's gonna be pretty dead
there so I guess we'll try and find
something local and fun and maybe a bit
be a bit of a chilled one it's gonna be
nice and spending it friends and stuff
so yeah by the time of uploaded this you
guys have probably already be kind of
heading out on your New Year's
celebrations so yeah I hope you have a
lot of fun and this would be my last
upload from 2016 I guess because New
Year's Eve tomorrow I'll upload in on
the first anyway before we go to bed
guys one of the reasons why today's vlog
was quite short was because it is my
sister Darcy's birthday
she's 18 today happy birthday Darcy and
she uploaded a video which I love you
guys to go check out I'll link it up
here but it's just a bit of a chatty
video about turning 18 and some of the
things she's thinking about stuff so she
hasn't done that in a while and she
hasn't been featuring on my vlog so if
you're interested in what does he's up
to go check out and yeah I will catch
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life that is the
adventure
