I love Ito and I million and win Alaska
and you're watching fun brewery morning
guys is the third day of the LTA summit
and we just had a little kind of chatty
meeting thing up in the conference room
just a Q&A basically there's lots of
advice and chatting but I was too tired
to vlog in your vet say I'm on to my
second coffee just about woken up
I only got three hours sleep last night
because I was up late editing and now we
have a sports day which I'm really
hoping it's not too energetic I'm hoping
it's like yo-yos and like the least
energetic sports but it's gonna be some
fun team building I think okay all of
the leaders youtubers or whatever we
have been allocated a number and then
we've got our own team so I'm number
three and this is my team yeah okay
Oh who's gonna come up with a team name
we could be the charges good luck good
luck oh oh it's not to egg off how
wobbly is it is it oh okay I'm sorry
second sport is three-legged race
all right I think I did okay
I'm not convinced we're winning yet
second place second place
okay the last activity somehow agree to
be the wheelbarrow in a wheelbarrow race
they lose about to do the race he's
given us the job of filming I think you
could be a strong wheelbarrow yeah
this guy killed and less a face planted
a better so the tiebreaker I think
there's going to be a hula hoop finale
so we are now doing a day trip into
Brighton for the afternoon we've got a
big double deck approach for the people
me and Raya
however just swinging past Tesco's
Festus I need to get hard drive because
I've run out of space and I'm hoping I
can grab a bunch of people's photos and
footage from the weekend which might
take up quite as well and we need to get
some warm clothes for our trip after the
summit which I haven't really told you
about what I will do later on you
enjoying the summer Riya yeah
it's like camp fives you know everyone's
like that's rad
heading to meet everyone basically we
managed to get use of the Brighton kind
of center of city youth hostel because
obviously it's like linked to the other
youth hostel and to upload videos to do
some laptop Club and stuff so yeah we
thought be nice to spend a few hours
here this afternoon
also guys the weather is gorgeous this
is January weather it's like not even
remotely cold we're in full flow laptop
Club right now I'm getting people to
dump some footage onto this new hard
drive I just bought so I can make an
awesome video at some point of this
weekend
to show you guys what you missed out on
but yeah I'm just wandering around your
hips and checking out some people's
videos and YouTube channels and stuff
it's pretty awesome it's cool to have a
laptop Club this big to be fair I don't
know if I've ever been part of a bigger
laptop
amazing Christians have been quick go on
the booster board or I said anything I
said hello to my vlog yet Kristen
arrived yesterday - I guess they choose
the last of the crew to get here so we
ducked in the flapper place this is the
final meal we've saying goodbye to Marco
Alex and Carrie tonight we wanted to do
a big trip together
it was very last-minute we are planning
some stuff later in the year but
unfortunately they have to fly back
after you're doing a bit of London right
you're exploring a bit of London and
then back to California to get cracking
on their business stuff for the year
yeah and then me and Roy we're gonna go
out and hang out there like next but the
rest of us tomorrow morning
well I'll tell you I'll tell you about
that later but we're going on a very fun
adventure some people in the hot tub hey
you guys having fun yeah guys before we
start our evening event I have just
spotted some of the Libby venture
merchandise has been delivered for this
event and this is the first time I'm
seeing these posters and they look rad
it looks so good and like Laura said
it's the plan can be amazing or it could
be average whatever but without the
people being the right people it you
know event and event leaves nothing so
for me having you guys here we
attitude you've had matter people that
have told me that it's like being always
life-changing you know because you've
maybe come here by yourself you've made
amazing friendships you've discovered
new things about yourself I've seen so
many people come out that she'll say I'm
like this is like one of the best
weekend's ever had and it's down to you
guys so collectively I only give you
selves another round of applause
so last night they've had a little
intimate discussion time in the ten and
I missed it so we're gonna do it again
in about ten minutes but I thought it'd
be cool to run a cable out and set up
some fairy lights to make it super
magical in there so that's what me and
Josh are gonna do yeah this is much
nicer vibes of these fairy lights right
we're gonna get Joe in sell this guitar
guys you may recognize Joe from the old
America rotary videos where we were
taking a school bus back in 2011 across
the states
you may recognize him from then they
were like the beginning my channel
brains in Arizona my printer bittersweet
toes got some sleeping bags have come to
know the memories but the best things
you ever had their summer sure be down
on boney back so far from the ocean
stirred than the simple
then that the tool can keep you up if
they're your friends they share your
vision and as the phone ring breaks a
sudden sister to figure out that you
don't sir
almost half boss three in the morning
and there's a few stragglers still up
but I'm going to bed
this is weird going to bed before
everyone else night guys it's been
amazing so guys have had this cell for
the photo booth that we've also Josh has
been recording people just sharing a
little bit about their experience this
weekend which I'll show you now Louise
picks up a position where you can come
together with Dave's and the girls and
create this insane event where you can
bring all of these people together and
bump start their own dreams it's been so
cool to engage and to learn and to have
such fun and memorable experiences here
I didn't know what to expect um I came
solo which you can do you will come back
with so many great friends like I did I
have a huge anxiety and now I'm over
here getting down with Dave it's a great
hub not just for those who like to
travel or those who like to make youtube
videos but even those who just are
trying to look for an adventure in life
you know taking the next step
choosing your career or what not but
it's been educational it's been
groundbreaking it's been inspirational I
know it sounds cliche but it really has
honestly it has been one of the most
interesting and helpful experiences of
our lives this made me really focus and
find what I want to with like what we're
doing the content everything I mean
thank you so much guys you really have
managed to channel my work and I know I
want to go now say remember live the
adventure have literally had one of the
best times I can remember it definitely
my mind how positive people were and how
fast people bonded is insane it's been a
really incredible time spent together
with like-minded people we're all
bustling wall it's not just online that
we everywhere it's been ridiculous and
I've loved every second of it
unbalancing off the energy and I'm gonna
feed off this for weeks in this whole
forum as like helped us like as
youtubers advance and be very positive
with our content I
feel motivated I feel inspired I feel
full of energy to produce and create and
it's it's been amazing I can say at the
end of this amazing event I feel more
confident on when I go to the woman what
I didn't expect was the amount of energy
that I would get the amount of love from
the people that attended this event the
amazing bonds that I've seen made
through people and I've seen people in
just from Friday to Sunday change I've
seen people grow
I've seen people smile more seen people
make friends get inspired
I've seen people change and that's what
this community is all about and it's
kind of cheesy saying but I do feel like
even in these last few days we've almost
found like family people have found a
belonging where not everyone has has got
that back where they live they haven't
got friends that are on the same
wavelength and people find it difficult
to find you where they connect with but
somehow I don't know how this happens
but somehow this weekend it's happened
in a big way and like I've said before I
think this is a start of many events oh
and then the last thing I was gonna tell
you guys is tomorrow after you of us are
heading off on a initially a flight to
slovenia and then we're gonna be road
tripping through slovenia into italy and
visiting an amazing kind of eco
spiritual community that are living
sustainably and have been for I think
like 30 years I will tell you more about
that as the trip goes on the next few
days but we are and I think me Riya and
Nadine Kristin Sarah
Laura Dave think that's it and you know
we're all going and yeah it's it's gonna
be so good it's gonna be the first kind
of official live the adventure crew trip
although we did a few last year after
VidCon we did that kind of
Coast trip up in there in the Wonder
bucket but anyway yes there's gonna be
amazing and I am heading to bed now I'm
literally struggling to keep my eyes
open but yeah
absolute success on the Lydia venture
summit and hopefully you guys will
follow live the adventure on Twitter and
stuff so you can keep up to date with
any announcements of other events we're
doing or anything like that we'd love
you to get involved as you heard it's
been pretty special but I'll see in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
