good afternoon guys I'm in Cape Town it
is a wondrously beautiful day and I'm
just met out with Coyle and we're
heading down to see the boys been Brin
and nadir but yeah I've got the drones
with me today I'm gonna do a comparison
between the new Mavic air and the
Maverick pro that I've been using for la
sierra say and we're gonna see them side
by side and see which which drone yeah
guess just compare them yeah this is oh
this is beautiful
yeah give me little your net doing a
handout it properly has been a while
it's been a year or two yeah this I like
your hair man think about it yeah but
then I can't donate it when I cut it
you're gonna do it when you're gonna cut
it though don't cut it see ya
Oh Devin is there yeah I'm just hanging
out of Ben in his crew and I'm wondering
whether to go swimming I'll let these
let's go for a little swim first I'm
gonna take the drone up and and then
maybe I'll go swimming who knows I
already dropped my jeans in the sea but
I'm yeah I'm more suitably dressed now
at least
okay I've got the Mamet crow here and
we're gonna take this up for a little
test flight getting the exact same shots
and then I'm going to send the maverick
air off and we're going to do a
comparison
we have opted to find another way out of
here because we were kind of like
stranded in that little cove type game
yeah the tide came in pretty badly we're
climbing out this is I'm thinking up
here yeah yeah good yeah no way
just chilling watching this cloud
rolling in and apparently we're just
gonna get totally consumed and
throughout the only way that you can see
it's just it's just starting to roll in
there in front of lion's head how are
you gonna send it well I just want to
try and see and get above the clouds so
I'm gonna set them match to 500
I'm worried because it's it was low on
battery I still want it to like just
drop out the sky no it usually starts
just coming down oh my god the cloud has
come in real thick isn't it I'm a
freaking out a little bit here because I
haven't even got this stuff off the car
look how way is from the cloud it's
soaking wet yeah see you later guys bye
right the plan now is I'm meeting up
with Riya who's been working at home
today and we are going out to dinner
with some friends and we were supposed
to be watching the sunset but obviously
the clouds came in so there's no sunset
today
okay we've met with Mimi and Alex and
Ryan come down and we've just got our
food I managed to get a pizza mate with
no cheese which was awesome what have
you guys got
planted
yes when super healthy this is like okay
this is a good spot and like I said had
this had the clouds not rolled in we
would have seen in the beautiful sunset
over there we're just gonna have to do
it another day luckily these guys around
flight six weeks
awesome well guys that was such a lovely
evening and it was so much fun that
earlier hanging out the boys down at the
beach and really exciting to get to try
the new maverick air now if you want to
see a more thorough review video I did
on the Maverick air click here you can
check it out and yeah I gave you my full
review and lived all the features and
yeah I'm hoping to shoot a lot more fun
stuff for you guys in the coming vlogs
but yeah until then I will catch you in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure but
