we're the LTA summit and you're watching
fun for the way
good morning guys today is the day of
the live adventure summit we have
arrived ready to help Laura and Rachel
finish up some of the things that need
to happen to get ready at any moment now
people are going to arrive I think we've
got about 60 people attending plus a
bunch of youtubers that are kind of
arriving throughout the day and my bus
is also on its way down we're going to
pull the bus up here with the hot tub
and have it a little chill-out area yeah
I am pumped I'm looking forward to this
okay how you feeling this morning right
you good I'm so excited
yeah rich like actually happened now
after that months of planning so good do
I get a name badge how'd you do yeah
check it out yeah yes they like this
alright yeah hello everyone
okay everybody and we are going to be
signing in in five minutes
we are going to bring lunch over here
because I know that it must be don't cry
please have just five volunteers to help
Rachel bring down everything from
upstairs to come down here throughout
one you got two three four and five
thank you very much guys look at this
The Sun has come out
ahh this is what I was hoping for
yesterday it's not even too cold and
apparently going to warm up even more
tomorrow I think it's gonna be ten
degrees the Dean is arrived and marker
yeah
I'm so excited you guys home yeah scary
so good good fishel taxi nice
the bastards arrived yeah
yeah good amazing
yeah the seats all done I'm gonna see if
we can mount the TV down here right
right first priority is Josh is uh
getting the hose out to fill the tanks
at the back ready to put the get the hot
tub working for tonight hopefully guys
we got this reel of cable delivered
yesterday and this is like industrial
thick power cable and josh is gonna hook
it up so we can them so he can power up
the bus we're not using to generate the
whole time this is this is such
heavy-duty cable that one Rio is like
400 pounds
Dave just Toby's never seen the lived
adventurer it's Tom here as well for my
size discovery yeah boat come in cooking
show in here oh hey serious cooking show
is really good a mobile cathedral really
kick this is nicer than my house
this is the big nicer than my house this
is definitely nice at my house Wow I
love the decking so goodness Mike's done
a great job he's done a great job like
it right we are Oh about starting about
to welcome everyone officially
everyone's checked in their room and
stuff then we're going to head up to the
conference in enough here we go here we
go everyone's here oh this is awesome
it's just hit me today this is actually
real that you guys real this is just
like forum planners you're we're finally
here is happening actually so that share
a few words before we kick off just
explain a bit about what the vision is
and what we wanted to do with this
weekend and then kind of so many
potential plans from kids together the
whole kind of ethos and spirit behind
what we want to be doing is just
bringing people together and making the
community that loved us maybe it felt a
little bit apart over the know whether
you've kind of been watching my videos
or you find out about it some other way
but this is kind of community online I
know not you had a slack group going as
well but for me making you really want
to be able to meet each other and
collaborate and just meet like-minded
people that want to live more adventures
adventurously in their life whether
that's travel related whether that's
you've got YouTube channel or you want
to kind of progress in that way or you
just want to progress in another way and
kind of share ideas finding courage Minh
encourage each other all of those things
this weekend is going to be perfect for
I think fun is a big bother as well if
you've got so many fun things planned
and hopefully by the end of this weekend
what I'm really hoping is that you have
made friends from here that you wouldn't
have known before and you can start
planning and scheming and doing things
together so that's the challenge that
you guys find someone that you didn't
know before and make some plans together
maybe some travel plans or just I don't
know collaborate if you both the YouTube
make you do some youtube flabber Asians
I mean meeting like-minded people who
are very different to you is like the
winning combination so don't waste any
time whilst you're here
we kind of know we will have something
comment about like-mindedness so try to
undo them most different to you live as
far away from you as possible you
probably come up with the best possible
plans alright we've broken into our
teams this is my team yeah we are going
to get to know each other a little bit
better so we had a little group time me
and David now doing some kind of
activity that I don't know I think we're
going to get messy we're gonna get messy
so we're doing a little tombola thing
here where we're gonna do like a raffle
picking out prizes we've just got this
box to live the adventure t-shirts and
hoodies and stuff so we should be giving
away a fair few of these and then
potentially over the next few weeks I'll
do some giveaways and the channel so you
guys can get some even haven't already
it's all very exciting
you're slightly I'm really doing
it's just a good science group to
actually get to know everybody yeah and
watch Marco get pie in his face
okay the last camera strap goes to
number eight these are all the
prizewinners look at this yeah we
finished our first little set of
activities just having a bit of fun
really it was actually quite cool
because we split into these little
groups and just play the little
icebreaker game but then shared people
sharing like why they've come and it's
kind of a mixture of reasons varying
from like a passion for travel and
wanting to learn how to travel more or
meeting like-minded people for travel
and then some people just wanting to
live more adventurously and step out of
their comfort zones and kind of take an
opportunity so it was yeah it's just
really nice to come over here people's
motives to come and I think over the
next few days people will find some like
good long lasting friendships here and I
don't know I'm hoping people do future
collaborations and planned trips
together and all sorts and stuff like
that so hopefully this could be a little
catalyst trip to go and do loads of cool
things alright we're going to get the
bed set up for mine and Rhys bedroom for
tonight I'm going to get the TV sorted
so you can watch some TV episodes
tonight I've got a little privacy
curtain oh you got some good news Josh
is the hot tub committee working tonight
I think it is I think it is we had a
problem earlier that those stagnant
water in the system which ended up
polluting the water that Josh put in the
hot tub is a bit of a fiasco but he's
managed to figure it out they will we're
all good
yeah guys check out this cake someone
made for the first lived adventure
summit this is amazing
this cake is awesome did you make this
cake this is Hannah she made the cake
this is awesome cake pie pie pie pie
great cake guys we're setting up a
bedroom what do you think looking pretty
cozy
are you cozy Riya oh editing yeah
and the TV's in place so we can watch
Gilmore Girls and we just send up the
coffee maker as well although I might
use my arrow press because tomorrow I'm
just going to be making a cookie for
myself I think we have two more guests
arriving Alex and Carrie how is your
travels to get here Jenna yeah
oh we're happy you're here yeah this is
nice and it where will your next
adventure take you to the hot tub I
think that's where the big offenders
gonna take us it's time it's time well
guys I have to admit I've never had this
problem before where the hot tubs too
hot it must be 50 degrees
I can hold my arm in there for like 10
20 seconds before it starts stinging so
I'll have to figure out a way to cool
this down for us to jump it because it's
like kind of scolding but yeah pretty
scolding people are taking the risk I
surprised cuz I wasn't willing for this
Oh
okay well the end of the first night
they lived the adventure summit and it
couldn't have gone better guys that was
just awesome everyone was in such a good
mood just having so much fun getting to
know each other and but we have barely
begun there's so much more happening
this weekend and I'm trying to pace
myself so we're going to bed now it's
not to pursue perlite I think it's just
gone midnight but we've had a very
relaxing end to the evening in the hot
tub and yeah this is my first night in
the bus how cool is this how cool is
this my dream becoming reality Oh what
great start to the year see in the
morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
