good afternoon guys we've just arrived
our heli por on the palm right next to
the Atlantis Hotel and we are about to
go up for a little helicopter ride I
don't think I've been on a helicopter in
Dubai before if you remember a couple of
years ago when we were here we went up
in these gyrocopters from the skydiving
cellar but yeah helicopters gonna be
pretty epic
well we had a pretty cool flight it was
a little bit hazy but I think we got a
few photos yes we get into vans neck
what get some good Instagram so many
bangers I'm so glad I wore white pants
yeah it was a little bit reflective as
well when you are when you get used to
flying helicopters of the doors off then
when you have to go back to helicopters
with windows no visits it is very it's
very fun so we are heading to the Dubai
Mall but before we do come back to our
favorite coffee shop that we discovered
the other day
yeah see you next time we've just been
dropped off here we go time to do some
shopping I don't want to stay here for
too long we've got another dinner
tonight and that's top of the top of the
Burj Kalifa up there somewhere but yeah
I'm gonna buy two things here then we
might go to one of the more traditional
markets take a little stroll around
there and also we might be our paper
whoo you guys remember me and Dave we're
hanging out with we're here in April and
she came to London recently
Godin Lamborghini and golden well we
found the aquarium boy has never seen
this boy would you excuse them maybe we
should do it yeah maybe we should
mr. robot and it knows where oh you can
buy a pickup the robot excuse me ticket
please hello we would how our literally
doesn't acknowledge me
probably looks awesome really I'm gonna
play I think the most surreal thing that
I experienced that we were scuba diving
in here last time was that you feel like
you're in the sea but then you look
through the glass you've got these
people like looking back the guys we've
ducked into an electronics store because
at some point soon you know you have to
bite the bullet and move away from using
a MacBook Pro because the new one they
release like a month ago whatever it's
pretty disappointing it wasn't very
powerful so I don't have you've got any
suggestions actually but we're looking
at the the Dell machine it's apparently
far more superior in its power and
processor RAM stuff like that it's a bit
of a beast yeah in space Laura though we
can we can install Chrome Pikmin still
crow touchscreen it's pretty light I
don't think the battery life is as good
I think that's the main disadvantage but
one advisors it still has all its ports
it still has yeah 2 USBS
SD card reader those are pretty
essential you're doing
so this is a lighter-weight Dell laptop
this is the Inspiron and this is what I
love about it normal app for boom
reverse the screen over and then it's
like it's happening
but unfortunately the mother the
powerful model doesn't do the reverse
swing look at the size of this laptop
boy try using that in a plane maybe you
should get this then you don't have to
do get a gym contract on travel yeah I
think this fit nation playing at the
same time at least touch screen no ok
guys we've met with paper hey how you
doing we are pretty rushed we were just
running around the mall and now we've
come into what's this behind
traditional side they think yeah
embraces are much higher I is looking
for different types of dresses and stuff
so I'm just joining the girls for a
little dress shopping
so we've come back to the entrance that
we had lunch in this little restaurant
here yesterday I've kind of forgot which
day anyway we're back and we're about to
head up to the 120 second anyway very
high it's gonna be very it's probably
gonna be like the highest I've ever had
dinner I think this is restaurant in the
world so this is the highest restaurant
in the world Guinness World Record
that's pretty awesome so we've invited
the girls to join us this is a very
fancy restaurant we're trying to
decipher the menu there's a some dishes
I've never even heard of up here
including avocado ice cream and
chocolate parsnips Nick just told me
something hilarious as we walked in
there like there's a dress going to get
this restaurant like their evening
weren't happy with my t-shirt why
managed to get in but I need was wearing
shorts I got into my jeans but you're
now wearing trousers Nick how are you
wearing trousers hello tell us where you
got the trousers I basically had
sneakers shorts because when speak to
come straight yes
so they sit this if the go-by from Dubai
Mall so as was leaving us the doorman
listen do you have any happen to have
any spare time you think I have to go
for 45 minutes ago your pants or do you
have any extra seeds I sit down so go
sit down
so I came back about five minutes later
with on my knee pants
no really so he just got on from his
locker or something he's just naked so
the doorman
that's so good good thinking we don't
ask you don't get chocolate
is that tasty all right go ahead a
bathroom check out this view it's crazy
I still can't believe how high we are
this is ridiculous what is popped three
times on the way down
that was that was crazy guys we have an
amazing evening to catch it up with
paper and a friend I've accidentally
stayed up all night finishing some of my
vlogs I'm a little bit behind it's
actually already light outside so I'm
gonna get some sleep I don't actually
always in the morning peace out
injury life lifts adventure
