Oh
good morning guys
I just stopped off for one of the only
speciality coffee places in Dubai to get
our morning fix haven't tasted it yet it
looks good it's great
mmm I've missed good coffee so we are
now heading to the Burj Khalifa Rai has
never been before and we're going to
we're going to get some cool photos and
then I think we're going to go up to the
top for lunch should be pretty awesome
this is really cute we should come here
for breakfast one day we have just
arrived at the Dubai Mall and this is
like one of the entrances to get into
the Burj Khalifa we're about to head up
it looks mad from the other side of the
marina they call these paper butterflies
there must be like 10,000 of them we
have our tickets we are heading up to
the 148 floor hello thank you cheers
Cheers
yeah
yeah unfortunately they've added a bar
here I'm pretty sure that's a new thing
what do you think Riya it's just surreal
it's like we're in a plane it doesn't
feel like you're in a building you know
yeah this is crazy like we're doing some
GoPro photography to get that angle
really like want to go super wide up
there I'm going to get super wide up in
there of the group
you could be like you've been in the
tallest school Center and then you ever
see what about you're saying right I've
switched the GoPro because this is by
far the best angle to see how high we
are
what's crazy is you can see the
development as Dubai's built is a city
you can see all the skyscrapers and then
smaller buildings and then just
desert I guess it's what it will used to
look like
as always that was very spectacular
we're now going to head to lunch
I'm not sure what floor lunchable ready
for 125 which floor do we eat lunch on
no I think
oh lucky we found
oh yes Rob yeah bro right I'm on it yeah
why you looking tan bro like we didn't
tell you we've been in the cold just
landed today we're going to get dinner
with him layer but I didn't know we were
about to bump into the mouth so cool
guys look at this feast I literally
found all the vegetables there was a
self-service bar and I cleaned them out
we've just finished our delicious lunch
and we await the bin baz he's picking us
up and we're going to the old town but
we just was just playing underneath the
burgeon it looks so crazy
oh hello this is my girlfriend McCarthy
Finbar's oh it's my girlfriend Riya I
are out here in Basque you
I can't wheezing the beat oh you think
Meimei so there wasn't enough seats in
the car so I've ended up in the in the
trunk in the boot it's quite spacious
though it's pretty happy to live in here
there's a cool view on the back
Cheddar's now
so we're going to go to the old town
instead we've come to this area called
Jimena madinat jumeirah village of era
and we might get to go on a little boat
around the canals or something
right we are about to go on a little
boat ride
gifts in that shot yes
Bulgaria representing look at each other
that's whose phone is it I don't want
that whose phone is that did it just
fall out your hand the phone still has
not been retrieved I think we're waiting
for someone with a big net to arrive
I feel a bit sorry for this lady I don't
know I don't think it's going to survive
in the salt water
no okay this phone has been in the water
for about 15 minutes
no way what I'm faking really shocked
that's crazy
it's Santa it's Santa Santa right drinks
are over we're back in in buzzes brain
forever
time for dinner at the palace
all right been in the car have arrived
we've been waiting for you guys no
joking we were change we're actually
helping la Culebra how the fountains see
yeah I've never seen them properly with
the music and everything they got some
James Bond music which I'm a big fan of
yeah every day's sweet reserved yeah why
oh really at night doesn't he seem even
bigger at light yeah
me and Raya have ducked away from the
meal for a few minutes to see this
fountain display that's about to happen
you excited
everyone's like broken out and seen and
come back mean the guy was so cool so
it's our turn
yeah this is so crazy
no you almost can't like fully fathom
how big it is from the bottom yeah cuz I
was like I mean it's not that much
bigger than other like buildings when
you look up it's comparison to Empire
State Building stuff in your life oh
yeah the Empire State probably just like
comes up to like there or something well
there it's so nuts
Oh
guys it's been another pleasurable
evening yeah see we're planning some
cool stuff well these guys have planned
some cool stuff and they've invited us
to join later in the year later in 2017
gonna be a good year Lexie hey guys I
forgot to mention that Steve bond joined
us for dinner
yeah you'll recognize him from every
other time I come to goodbye got me nine
he's our local sabayon I know when you
call yourself with you boy I'm not
allowed I think you have to live here
for about 3,000 years before they give
you a passport
okay well on the way not quite there yet
silly bro well guys we had such a good
evening it's so nice to see Ben in the
car and yeah and a nice little catch of
it then I do need to have a proper like
we need like it but a couple of solid
weeks with them though to be honest and
that is what we're going to try and plan
in later in the year and they've got
some exciting travel plans which I'm
sure they'll let you know about but
we're going to join them for some of
those so it's good it's good that we're
finally going to get it get it done I'm
pretty tired I've you know editing life
late-night everything we've got a pretty
chill day tomorrow though I think the
only stuff that's happening is we've got
a cool dinner planned in the evening but
we've got a helicopter ride disa short
one so we should get some cool aerial
shots and views it to buy and then I'm
catching up with a few friends and yeah
I'm catching the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
