good afternoon guys we're in Dubai and
we've met with Nick and and hey it's
been too long and where we where we
heading thank you
where you taking us I'm gonna take you
to the desert the desert
yeah okay
Oh guys I showed you and pregnant so
five of us five of us going to the and
the driver going to the desert we're
going to camp out I think tonight and
then hopefully the weather's good we're
going to go up in a hot air balloon
tomorrow morning
wasn't it yeah Ashley on the front
anyway I'm super excited it's going to
be it's gonna be epic we have arrived in
the desert we're now switching to some
pretty epic vehicles check these out
1950s Land Rovers classic Land Rovers
and then we're going to be driving to
the camp thanks nice I don't even in
with been done enough yes then
I don't know how they're gonna do mine
we have our headdresses on for these
called again
goodra and the girls
Shila Gupta and Schuyler plays in the
network these are the names of the
headdresses oh I'm sorry
a so beautiful out here well
how's the baby doing holding it all
together you can feel it feels like
something like this oh it is kicking
later can I feel it I guess alright the
Sun is setting it's pretty hazy but ah
looks beautiful we're getting some cool
shots from a distance all the sand dunes
and we're about to watch a falcon show
and I think maybe go on a camel ride I
don't really not interested it's pretty
epic just like really natural KITT Oh
sir
so we were told not to walk around here
barefoot because there's scorpions but
and Anna Raya
pretty much ignored that which I think's
very bright you know there's like
scorpions in the sand okay most probably
not Thanks
he was welcome enjoyed that cheers
Cheers
the Falcons been naughty and he's just
sitting on that hill over there come on
mate
right we've left the place where we were
watching the Falcon and we've now come
to this like campsite
this like a bit of an oasis there's like
palm trees and I think we're gonna have
a meal here watching performances and
then sleep over really excited last time
I slept in the desert I think was in
Morocco with Raya this is so cool check
this out
this is OB I like having our again
Thank You rosewater
thanks yes coffee you don't want coffee
are we just doing what we're eating
tonight we've got some bread think
pancakes
big big answer ya got lentil soup having
our starter lentil soup yeah what is
that a big pancake
I love this this is so nice where should
we put this just it is that
the hash-table legend Lydia
yeah we are more than proud to represent
a little bit of the Arab culture so how
do you guys learn some more today
because on the way back you're gonna
have a test yeah you know that right
especially you you with me thank you
episodes yesterday yeah yeah or so
Thanks
so we finished dinner we've watched a
bit of entertainment dances and stuff
we're now heading to our bedroom I'm
interested to see this it's gonna be
pretty cool Sarna bellowing I will be
handed over some flashlights you oh yeah
yeah sleepover right I'm setting up
laptop Club in our bedroom we've only
got an hour and a half of electricity
and then the light bulbs go off and I
run out of battery thankfully we charged
it everything else yes water boy
buh-buh-buh-buh bored the world welcome
thanks
well guys will snow it up in the tent
about to join the others they're fast
asleep we're getting an early night
though because like I said we're getting
up early at 5 a.m. to do a hot air
balloon ride two years ago I don't know
if you watched our Dubai vlogs with Nick
and ang but we came out all the way into
the desert one morning and to find that
it was too windy to do the hot air
balloon ride so we were really gutted
and we can reschedule cuz I think we
were flying out that day so hopefully we
get to go tomorrow morning would be
pretty amazing I think I've only done
two other hot-air balloon flights one in
Australia and one in Kenya this year but
this could be pretty spectacular I don't
think the Sun rises till like 7:00 so
we're going up get up way before sunrise
and then hopefully we'll get to do some
cool photo shoots at the sand dunes and
stuff was a little bit hazy earlier so
we didn't get a lot of the cool kind of
you know the real golden hour it's kind
of just like I don't know kind of is
thus under slowly kind of faded but
tomorrow should be pretty nice oh right
um I think it's bedtime I'll catch you
guys in the morning in a few hours
peace out enjoy life live adventure but
