good afternoon guys I just made myself a
little coffee to get some energy ready
to pack for our debate rip and my first
problem is the bag that I use has this
rip where the zipper is so it's been
kind of obviously because I've been over
packing it and I've decided to take on
quite a task and this may be a big
mistake but I've just taken up my mum's
sewing machine and I'm going to attempt
to mend it now this may take a lot
longer and might be way more difficult
than I imagined but I'm going to give it
a go and we've still got like five hours
to I need to be at the airport but
hopefully this won't take too long I'm
getting a very very quick tutorial
before my mum heads out alright so first
cotton rail goes up here okay
and then you throw it through the needle
here and then you precious this onto
their right and then if you turn this
very slowly yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what are
you saying
did it first try means a bit wonky but
you see my beautiful story yeah this all
down there almost perfect so here you go
guys this is my final stitching it's
like basically as good as new
I fixed my bag she's so cool right I'm
now gonna whiz over and just check the
latest updates on the bus Mike been
working very hard we were gonna do a
small event today but we postponed it
because um you know things I don't
always go to plan but but Mike has got
some very good news which we're going to
go and find out I'm very excited it's
always really exciting seeing progress
on the bus and everything's coming along
whoa there are so many buses down here
yes but I think good Yesi yes Josh MIUI
Oh sick look a stove yeah that's it yeah
I know and this links in this used to be
the doors is this hinge cthis yeah the
whole thing that was a lot okay
pistons on it and it'll stay for a
dollar yeah also war runs off nice roof
that's a little window serve coffee out
so this used to be the stairs for the
double entrance I'm sick and then these
are the LPG tank that going in the
boiler our suite and then again yeah
nice Mike's gonna show me the boiler
first and then show me what we're doing
with the boiler yeah this has been the
biggest hurdle isn't it the boiler
probably the biggest win right seeing
the thing the boiler in place absolute
moral stone yeah really good I know it's
just it's just fitting a boiler you know
that's not that hard
yeah I mean I come I'm not qualified to
do it but a lot of people are but on
this project the way things worked out
something really tricky there's the
beast as your boiler wish the boss floor
stander it's kind of on a suite and that
will feed the hot tub upstairs hot water
taps heating central heating and a
shower yeah yes great yeah Lisa Plummer
suggesting from the boiler we have the
thermostat inside and we control it's
getting nice and hot there are two
temperatures of people are yeah messing
around a screw in fitting quality
screwed fixing where we get wide shout
head and I straight in to restore it
inside nice adjustable maybe not that
high yeah very lanky one there we could
put on the curtain one of the barrier if
they want to yeah and it will give a
really good flow shower this is its be
powerful than most houses you've been
able that's they're like it's hot
Hotel politics got that boiler in there
is designed to easily feed four or five
bathrooms no I glass radiators Wow yes
one of the best domestic borders you can
buy okay
shows the radiators how we're going to
heat the bus because last time we had to
use electric heaters so yeah so the
massive LPG tanks are out there I'm
showing inside this metal box for the
old doors but they're fueling that
boiler but you just saw from the boiler
we've got one rad down here oh nice
is a small one but I'll kick out a good
amount of heat as pretty quickly
yeah there's nice heated seats sits down
nice mostly he will cover the back
organization or making holes or channels
in here holes in the back yeah and also
with this cedar wood it's probably an
expanded can't read a lot so yeah so
it's a bit an experiment seeing what the
movement is I know that whether there's
going to be a pair of it doing so yeah
these are in four sections and sepoys
these will come out for access and
maintenance and there's your longer rad
this is the old radio from the engine
isn't it so we need there's not like a
walls put your novel brackets on yeah so
we can wedge wedge that in or strap it
get that moving out of it so Mike was
showing us this at the Christmas party
but is going to show me again
we'll probably do is cut in nil electric
and then maybe that's pop-up lights I
like that I like that a lot yeah alright
we're going to put the cushions back on
the seats and have a look because
there's some new ones should all be done
right now so this is going to be the
dining table it's going to pull out from
there so either it's gonna be like the
coffee shop like surface or mine's gonna
put the leg under here our bank can do
that yeah it was great
there's a base and the dining room nice
just figuring out the correct angle for
the back of these seats to let the heat
come out of these vents and the curtains
to close probably not in there I always
want a TV there thank you so nice
getting up the TV yeah no but we can
just make a little bracket yeah no fair
does it feel good yeah yeah so you push
that one behind your head away and you
should have that out out sort of thing a
way away and then you should have a good
length yes
let me stay with the grills well then
you plug your phone in charge charge it
yeah built for real photographers as
well so I'm just spraying with that on
the phone he's just come down to have a
look at the the progress come and have a
look so we just put the we've folded
there their seats down to do the bed at
the back of the moment because a is very
nice
yes nice now and then this there just
screwed it shut but this actually hinges
here and this whole this whole thing
lifts out hinges all the way out right
leaving the bus and see that in a week
Mikey legend see way up it's always very
exciting seeing the bus seeing the
progress imagining how things are going
to be I just think next summer summer
2017 is going to be so so epic I'm gonna
spend a few months here just tour and
touring around doing some crazy things
on the bus that's the plan I should
probably get home now because I haven't
even started packing I managed to mend
my bag but we put some things in it
little bright I've done all my packing
has some dinner
my dad kindly cooked what else I think
I'm ready I'll find my travel pillow
anywhere which is annoying and Riya has
been up in London today I forgot to
mention she's been um filming some clips
for her video before we go and then
she's meeting us at the airport she's
left me in charge of bringing her bags
which I almost forgot I almost walked
out the door without bringing them but
we put into the car and we're on time
we're gonna get them in time which is
cool
thanks dad
have a good night see you in a week okay
I have a lot of baggage needs fine Araya
guys that was a lovely security
experience literally took us like ten
minutes to get through can't believe it
didn't even searched my bag
how you doing Maya how was your day
dr. Phil markussi things down London
chill it was like really nice I don't
even have a coat now it's challenge yeah
feeling good oh let's check in here the
eyebrow I broke my mouse before coming
here so and it's fine fine a mouse
they've got lots of laptops but where
are the mice guys I got my mouse I'm so
happy now why are you blocking him out
of your life that's so rude
this is how it feels ago
okay bye
I could come back come back
in Cooper
goodbye
where you've been still disruptive
well guys we are on our sixth off an
hour flight to Dubai Nick and ang have
just landed just as we were taken off I
was messaging and they have just landed
in Dubai and we're going to be spending
a week together
relaxing catching up doing some fun
activities like Ryder's never been
skydiving so we're hoping to do some
silly doping and yeah it's just going to
be a nice little break in the middle of
my winter because then I'm flying back
to the UK until the travel summit we're
going January and yeah it's just going
to be so nice to catch on they can and
we haven't seen him in a long time and
yeah I miss the list of Allah
that's not applicable
can't see where we land peace now enjoy
life
then
