it's Christmas good morning guys
I am currently in Suffolk I took a few
days off over Christmas and I'm now away
with my family and yeah I've had a
lovely time I hope you've had a great
Christmas time as well these are a few
of my gifts I got this cool headband
from Darcy gave this to me and then this
is from my grandpa this is their
McGregor tartan scarf half of my mum's
half of the family air from the McGregor
clan she's Scottish so although I'm not
MacGregor by name I'm MacGregor boy
blood so it's cool it's cool having a
tartan scarf say Thank You grandpa
you're watching we're now going for this
lovely walk I don't know where exactly
we are but we're in this National Trust
Park and it's a great morning it's
actually quite warm well not not summer
warm but it's it's warm for winter a
great day guys check out all these
spider webs in the grass I've never seen
anything like that
or have you found that there any signs
of so we've wondered into these walled
gardens and down this little lake and
there's a summer house here which is
pretty incredible because look it looks
like it's kind of dilapidated learning
to the ceilings have fallen down but
this is uh this looks like all the
original kind of design and stuff you
know I don't know when they last cleaned
in here it's like it's a while ago I
wonder what people would have done in
here gets just strapped down
the lake random room oh I found a little
sign here we go
it's an 18th century building and it's
the first Earl's summer house Wow oh
this is where we are it worth walled
garden so this is it worth house park
think that's where we are
so this church built for one family huh
sounds like a lot of effort weirdly it's
actually colder in the church than it is
outside
I guess it's because the wolves are safe
thick like a refrigerator it's come true
you guys does anyone know what type of
tree this is what the leaves look like
I'm surprised it still has leaves this
time here yes abroad you think it's a
very broad leaf tree and beer a hard
wood but it is actually classes a soft
wood but it's
I can't believe all this was owned by
one family the whole estate it's not the
same that you visit like and feel like
well it's been slightly better
distributed because this would have been
how do they make their well in a lot of
the private states are now having
tendencies like protected parks and open
to the public but a few hundred years
ago this would have been a very very
very well what even is this bit lovely
little walk we're now heading back to
some lunch yeah we managed to get a
little coffee from the cafe there before
we left did you enjoy that hell yeah I
did very nice it's very beautiful putt
country yeah
okay we are back at the place that we
stayed in last night this was where I
stayed this is big a big converted barn
and it's Hillary's husband my
brother-in-law's parents that's very
visiting so this is this is the upstairs
of living room and I slept on the floor
here from those sofa cushions with a log
burner stove on it was very cozy just
waiting for lunch
and we just sing hello to my little
nephew or niece you ready to be a
grandpa dad while getting ready I just
felt it kick them first time here I was
just talking to baby they gave a little
kick
we've had a lovely day we're now heading
back down to sorry broken my oh yeah
guys I haven't shown you my other
Christmas gift I'll quickly show you
this is an arrow press this is a great
way to make coffee so I brought it with
me on this little trip I'll show it to
you when we get home I'll show you how
to make great coffee with that well
we're back in Cobham I just left my
parents and I'm now heading out to see
my friend Andi we are hopefully going to
go and catch a showing of the new Star
Wars film
which I'm very excited about and what
was very very sad news tonight guys just
found out carried Fisher just passed
away and she was the actress he played
Princess Leia only 60 years old he had a
heart attack on a plane a few days ago
didn't make it say yeah very sad a lot
of famous people are passing away right
now George Michael and I don't know
every time I look at the news it's like
another person just makes you realize
sometimes how fragile life is
no well I am back from my evening out it
was it's really nice seeing my friend
Andi Ashley and we think we've come up
with a plan for New Year's if you
remember on my flight back from Dubai I
was saying we were gonna go snowboarding
that did go back on as a plan
potentially who were even thinking about
leaving tonight but I've got some stuff
to do tomorrow so I think now we're not
gonna go snowboarding and we're maybe
we'll postpone that till January or
February or something and instead we're
gonna hang around in London London for a
little bit and then I think I'm gonna go
over to Oxford to celebrate New Year's
in Oxford so that's the plan and yeah it
was it was just a lovely evening but
this period like these last few days and
just this whole Christmas New Year's
time is for me mainly about family and
friends so not so much adventures and
exploration and you know making those
kind of videos so bear with me these few
days will be quite chilled but beginning
of January or when we have the summit
and then all the adventures into Europe
after that those will be back to my
normal kind of adventure travel stuff
anyway I hope you guys are having a
lovely time over Christmas and New
Year's this whole time make the most of
it those of you that are having time off
work and time off school yeah just spend
it with people you love right
catching the morning peace out enjoy
life live the adventure
they
