hey guys it's a very special 360 video
today we're in Peru and we've just
walked to the top of Machu Picchu
check out that we're in the clouds in
the ancient Incan ruins this is
breathtaking the Sun has just risen it's
about 7:00 a.m. in the morning and we're
the big team of people we're going on a
little tour now check these guys out
getting some epic time lapses yeah wow
this is immense we're literally in the
clouds so we're just heading down into
the ruins we were just told this is
referred to as the lost city of the
Incas and when they discovered it was
completely overgrown in the jungle
riah however is this pictures don't do
this justice like being just everything
pictures only that but it's the 360
that's unreal like we're surrounded by
mountains Lamas the clouds are so cool
they keep this sweeping like cloud
moving over the entire city that the
whole time we've been here just keeps
them sweeping over and then clearing and
sweeping over and clearing yeah well
look how fast those clouds are moving I
think we're about two and a half
thousand meters up at the moment how
thick is this Jessie you're what's up
you see me over here I'm Lorde over here
no way have you ever been anywhere like
this
ah this is cool so our guy John I was
saying this is the most preserved Incan
City because I guess it got hidden and
no one found it when the Spanish
conquered Peru what do you think Evan
absolutely especially the mountain in
the background like everything's so
scenic it's amazing we had a low what
about you Lana
I feel like the more we go into the city
the prettier it looks too yeah it's so
big over here
huge always convinced the best view is
at the top but as we going down like
actually this is all amazing I'm gonna
fall off the shop I was like wow be
monkey sounds how that actually did hurt
have you ever been anywhere like this
Ellie my life and it's exactly like you
said every single time we keep moving
down it gets cooler and cooler like
everybody just thinks like you have to
be super high up to the rescue but it's
like even for up close the detail is
amazing I think the thing that makes it
for me is that we're in the clouds the
thing that's nice that was what blown my
mind there's nowhere else like their
self image if you just so high if you
and I feel like once we're kind of even
more in the city it's gonna be like
we're not on this planet yeah it's not
even gonna feel like Earth like if we
wanted to if there weren't any people
obviously here we would not see another
person or animal here does it remind you
Jurassic Park just a bit it doesn't
matter
it's been missed with the huge like
jungle mountains amazing what do you
think Justin okay so beautiful
everything about it I mean the people
kind of suck dresses yeah just imagine
this without all the like little people
running around so we are actually that
those people that we are a is yeah
it just feels it's like fresh yeah so we
just finished exploring all of the ruins
down there there's loads of really cool
rooms to go into there's loads of
history to learn about there's little
temples there's like flowing and water
throughout the city I would highly
recommend coming here getting a tour and
learning all about it it's been an
amazing day and it's been cool sharing
with you
