hey guys it's a very special day today
today BJ I have announced their new
drain it's the Maverick air look at the
size of this as you know for a while now
my go-to drain has been the Maverick Pro
and I think up till this moment this has
been the smallest kind of pro level
drain with all of the incredible
features that sets us apart from the
spark which was released last year and
to be honest I didn't even look at a
spark because firstly doesn't film 4k
and it had a lot of missing features for
me and I thought this is a bit of fun if
you just want to take it on holiday or
something but for me I needed that next
level of capability bringing us to the
Maverick air it's extremely compact
there's a few very clear differences
between the build of this and the Mavic
pro and what I love with all of the DTR
drones is just the thought that's put
behind the the design the way that it
all kind of fits together in compacts
down so for starters the propellers
themselves don't fold in like the like
the Maverick Pro I'm just going to use
this as a comparison I mean this really
is a lot of smoke laughs so yeah smaller
propellers they are fixed not folding
the battery instead of being on the top
of the drone is actually on the bottom
and it's again considerably smaller now
for me instantly I really love the
design of the protective hood over the
camera and gimbal because I'm not as
careful as I could be with my equipment
something I continually broke was
firstly is quite fragile plastic
third that comes with the malloc pry
I've gone through about five of these
and and then there's this kind of
Gimbels kind of stabilizing thing which
is easy to lose and if you forget to put
it in it can damage damage the gimbal
itself and then the whole camera is kind
of protruding out now with the Maverick
air I really love how the camera hoods
and the gimbal wood protector just built
into one piece like that that just
slides off revealing the camera
underneath and the other cool thing is
the legs the front legs have these other
little stands that just pop up before
you can fly you may have also noticed
there's sensors on the front the bottom
and the back for obstacle avoidance so
before even testing the fly and photo
and video capability of this drain I'm
already loving the design this is just
this is beautiful this is
I guess DTI just keep outdoing
themselves and compared to the Maverick
Pro this guy that was tiny I'm probably
going to do a shot by shot comparison of
them AdvoCare animatic Pro for another
video but today I'm just gonna focus on
the Maverick air and see whether this
little guy can do everything I need it
to do
so before we head out and test it I'm
gonna show you some of the other
accessories that come with this right so
in the Box I've got two batteries and
then this multi charger which I love the
design of look at their flaps down and
then you place the batteries in here I
think boom boom you can charge four
batteries at once by in the past have
had quite a few crashes with my drains
and typically the thing you're gonna
damage is the propellers because if you
fly into a tree or a wall or whatever
yeah these propellers are going to snap
off and break
whoo okay one last thing to show you is
the Malik air controller now the
noticeable difference between this and
the Maverick pro controller is that
there's no screen which for me I guess
makes sense because you're going to have
your phone plugged in anyway some of the
features I quite like is that the
control knobs here actually unscrew and
and if you're traveling with it they
just slot in under there it just gives
you a slimmer more protected profile
what I'm really tempted to do before we
take it outside is test out these these
propeller protectors if I fly it around
inside a little bit and just you know
nudge it into a wall I'm really
interested in what's gonna happen so we
take you for a nice flight
Wow
oh my gosh oh my gosh
all right let's head outside let's do
this
getting some pretty amazing shots guys
I'm gonna switch to photo mode because
apparently the camera on here is super
high megapixel and there's a new feature
which does a spherical face a witch
says to all guys I spent the whole
afternoon trying this little going out
flying him around shooting some videos
and photos I would say first noticeable
negative point is that these batteries
have a considerably shorter flight time
I would highly recommend that you get
this drone that you get a few spare
batteries I think if you have a few
spare batteries you'll be fine
but that's the first thing I noticed so
I shot mainly in 4k at 30 frames a
second and I tried a bit of 1080 at 120
the 4k footage on this the bitrate is
much much higher than the Mavic pray
it's actually similar to if not the same
as the new phantom 4 Pro and I was
amazed when I looked through the footage
when I got back at just the quality the
detail and also the fact that it was
pulling all the detail from the shadows
and it was maintaining the the
highlights
it wasn't blowing out kind of the
brighter elements of the scene and I
think that's down to the bitrate is it's
just collecting a lot more information
I'd also say controlling this guy and
maneuvering them around did feel
different from the Maverick probe but I
still
felt control and yeah it was a lot of
fun it was cool trying different modes
now I don't know if you saw but one of
the photos I showed you guys was
actually a spherical photo it was a 360
photo which I panned around in the video
but essentially once you've taken that
photo you can move it around yourself
you can view it I guess as a 360 photo
of a scene or an area I haven't tried
all the new features out yet by will be
in future vlogs now the last thing to
say guys before I sign out is that I did
do some side-by-side test shots which
you can check in the video that I've
also uploaded today it's a kind of
behind the scenes of shooting at the
beach and a Mallik Pro versus the
Maverick air test shot side-by-side
they've got a few shots together so you
can really see the difference and I
actually would say that the video
quality of this guy is much better so
check that video out there please do
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already and look forward to some future
vlogs with some epic footage from the
maverick air peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
