good afternoon guys I am headed back up
into London again today and I'm left
Royer working on a video I am going to
see Josh record we're going out for a
coffee
haven't seen it for ages so I'm excited
to do that and then this evening I am
going to a show that I think's if James
Corden's gonna be there I know that and
it's linked with the brand cast which i
think is a week where YouTube are
pitching to advertisers and doing
different events to stuff anyway I
received an invitation is that the Excel
Centre in East London so I really don't
know what to expect what I think is
going to be pretty awesome
all right with me another scooter cafe I
like this place they have a pet cat that
was very short but sweet seeing Josh bro
I know he's a plants and stuff we will
this is like we're just saying this is
kind of like halfway through catching up
and we just have to press pause and
we're gonna like hang out for an entire
day the casual proper mix is to spin too
long buddy
yeah so they didn't take as long as I
thought to drive here which is nice
I've arrived an hour before the official
event starts but they've said people
could come for drinks and stuff before
that I also looked online and the people
that are selected before they're made
for you campaign I don't have you've
seen them in London all over their
billboards and bus stops and buses and
cinemas and stuff so I think that was
like Casper Louise Marcus ollie and some
other people they are here I guess
involved with this brand cast event so
I'm gonna try and find them here we go
that's helpful lucky that found
something to eat do you ever get those
times where you go into events or
parties and there's no food there and
then you're like oh I should have eaten
four with him I thought we had I have
arrived it's going to find some people
okay we walked into the main auditorium
box into markets
you see pockets on the double-decker
buses the night you sir
Macaulay's my just message Holly his
birthday in a moment I look at Joe isn't
he brave yes
please welcome to the stage James cotton
the most British response you can tell
I've been in America when people go yeah
the best and the brightest of YouTube
and Google are here in this room and
backstage ladies and gentlemen YouTube
changed everything changed the way we
share things the connection we share
with people who we watch and when we
watch them personally for me this past
18 months of my life YouTube has become
a far bigger part of my everyday than I
ever thought it would
Arya host the television show called the
vacation show that airs in America and I
know that sounds like it's kind of cold
until you hear that that show that I was
asked for host airs at 12:35 a.m. every
night juju Weatherby
sorry the hot lights blade
brilliant brain
no crazy guys will do anything
a smoky eye
because
your reason
the world where you stand blocks being
on TV and as James showed you reality
the world billboard shows the seeds that
I have planted the seeds that I planted
and starts about gorgeous
yeah
yeah
you guys enjoy your onstage appearance
it was
it was so good they were the story there
you have any rehearsal a new just
popping that's Don Smith just go on the
banks
well my ears are ringing guys and I feel
like I can barely talk because I was
trying to network and that after boy oh
that's really cool people wow what a
great evening what an amazing show I was
not expecting that to be honest didn't
really know what to expect and I think
maybe yeah it's great to see what
YouTube's doing and achieving the way
it's connecting with big brands and I
don't know it's just such an amazing
platform isn't it it's kind of mad when
you trying to wrap your head around it
all but there was so many cool creators
here tonight it's good to catch up with
a few of them I think I'm gonna try and
squeeze in as I usually do and I'm back
in the UK try to squeeze in as many
local coffee cup shops with people as
possible didn't get to meet James Corden
but you know he's a busy guy and I'm
sure I'll get a chance one day absolute
legend killed it tonight all right I'm
back I'm about to head to bed but guys
the whole way home my head is just
buzzing with thoughts and ideas and just
potential I think this meeting inspiring
people and seeing the potential of big
things happening tonight just gets my my
thoughts firing and just realizing I
could dream bigger than I currently am
and it's there's so much to do there's
so much to achieve and yeah that's okay
it's it's it's good to hang out with
people that are doing bigger things you
know the Nuart because it I don't know
for me it definitely motivates me when
I'm surrounded by people that are driven
and dream big and succeeding in so many
ways whatever your view of success is
yeah it's cool it's a good thing so yeah
and watch this space um yeah I feel very
I feel very good but I also feel very
tired because in total today I think
I've been trying probably about three
hours on the road
just driving around and yeah driving can
be tiring sometimes so I'm gonna get
some sleep and I'll catch you guys in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
