good morning guys
we are sadly leaving Dubai and leaving
this beautiful weather to go home for
Christmas I'm going back to London
Ryan's going back to New York oh let me
grab this
but because we're out here and then I'm
going to the next terminal so we have to
say goodbye for eight days I can't
believe you're going about you happy
Christmas
much said love this weather and I'm like
possible
you're
I know sunny a day
- it
have a nice flight love you
well I'm on my own and heading back to
London can't leave how soon Christmases
it's literally day after tomorrow
and I haven't bought a single Christmas
Britain death this is really bad I might
want to get a few things for my family
in the in the duty-free shop in the
airport maybe trying like next day
delivery on ammeter
as a program we're traveling over the
time some things
well because we were finding out to
divide by the Tourism Board they've
finally hooked us up with business
partner pipes so they can switch got to
go back to Cape Town business fast rider
to New York and meet to London and it
really does make this nice way better
it's so much more enjoyable knowing it
might lay down flat rapidly
when I get the opportunity on
the situation to a club I have three
loves to edit
somebody very businesslike
yes sir normal this time of year I'm
having lots of reflections over 2060 me
and Rio are talking about it earlier and
I've counted the amount of countries I
went to this year I went to 25 different
countries this year and a lot of those
countries I visited numerous times so
probably in table must have been like 30
plus actual trips which was court is
quite a few that's like over twice a
month maybe three times a month and it's
it's exhausting it really is so we feel
like next year 2017
I'm going to up the level of adventure
and especially like travel trips with
like a cruise with a live the adventure
crew or different people that are
joining us that that's something I'm a
big fan of and also like kind of
meaningful trips with a purpose like
talking about global issues and visiting
projects that's great but in terms of
frequency I'm going to try and cut down
the frequency I'm traveling so I'm not
constantly jet-lagged and losing sleep
and some of that
yeah see how that turns out I always say
this I always say I'm going to cut down
the amount on travel and then I get tons
of opportunities and I end up and say
yes to everything I think I'm definitely
a yes-man in there in the sense of you
know the movie like I always kind of say
yes to people I can say no if I really
don't to do something but I tender
stirred grab every opportunity which I
think in general is is a really good
thing but sometimes it can just leave
you exhausted but yeah so for those of
you that haven't heard the plan at the
moment is me and Raya are going to try
and base up in California probably in
the Venice Beach area of LA in February
and maybe just again air B&B for a few
weeks and just kind of suss it out and
see which area we'd want to base up in
but it means that even if we are doing
trips throughout the year that we can
come back to LA when we're not traveling
to other things and it means Raya can
stay and I can travel and do some kind
of boys trips or solo trips and she's
got friends to be with because the
problem with being nomadic and
constantly traveling is we kind of lose
touch with people the community that
I've had so strongly in the past has
kind of faded and I I'm just trying to
find some sense of community again so we
know a bunch of people living in Venice
Beach and I think that would be a good
start
and then also further up into California
there's a lot of communities of people
living off the grid and the forest and
tree houses and cabins and I'd love to
go and spend some time with people like
that
in actual fact if you know anyone that
lives like that in community but kind of
off the grid and doing their own thing
it's not like kind of weird coals but
like you know just like fun hippie
communities that are looking of ways to
live sustainably comment below or email
me I'd really love to get in touch and
see if I can comment
a little bit and just chill and learn
about living off the land and ways to
live sustainably a little bit like some
of the stuff dave has been doing if
you've been following David Ramos and
he's been doing that he's been living in
a little shepherds heart in the woods
and yeah learning about how to live
sustainably I don't want to do it quite
as isolated as years and I need
electricity and Internet but but yeah
similar thing that warmer climate and
also as you've been following the lived
adventure bus that we've been kitting
out should be finished in January and
we're going to start running that out
for different events working with this
projects across the UK and I'm really
excited to get that role they'd be able
to team around that and I'll keep you in
the loop or if you updated once we
launched probably do a big launch event
in January it should be fun anyways
those are some of my plans for next year
there's lots of other plans which I
cannot wait to tell you about
yeah those are some things I'm thinking
it's nice to have these little chance
now and again when I'm not up to much
when I'm just chillin at a flight this
is a good opportunity to yeah it's just
a talk sit down and chat
back in London back in London
okay feeling pumped it's a long flight
eight hours or something and I'm gonna
try and push through the evening I'm
pretty tired
but I want to have a fun evening my
sister Hillary is at my parents house to
just message me so I think I'm gonna go
back and yeah just two of my family
Merry Christmas let's dump my bags hey
hey how you doing mr. still well I am
back and I have had the most chilled
lovely evening with my parents and
sisters Hilary and Adam have headed off
now we're not going to see them till
Boxing Day I think but I'm definitely
getting in the Christmas mood as of 29
minutes ago it's officially Christmas
Eve and yeah it's just really exciting I
would need to wrap my presents tomorrow
and get a few others and then we usually
put them under the tree on Christmas Eve
and then open them Christmas morning my
mum did tell me we're not doing
stockings this year which we always do
we always like Phil lays a tiny little
gifts and then I mean you know what
Stuckey's off but that is this will be
the first year we wouldn't have done
that but I'm looking forward to yeah
just lots of cool family time
loads of games and just chilling out and
yeah it's gonna be this is gonna be
pretty special I'll see you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
