good morning guys I was telling you
yesterday that we are gonna be staying
my parents anymore and then we're going
to try and find some alternative
accommodation and thankfully Georgia
native offered us their apartment to
stay in whilst they're in Canada so
we're just helping them get their
luggage down
they're headed off to the airport yeah
and George's lend me his car as well
which is really nice
what are you doing Canada guys go and
check out his logs I'll link his channel
below so you don't know who he is he's
gonna be having a lots of adventures and
I'm a little bit jealous but we're doing
a little role reversal we're gonna we're
gonna be having like a nice cozy like
week in the UK and it's gonna be nice
having our own place for a week bye
well we've spent the whole day inside
doing some bits work chilling out
catching up on Gilmore Girls
and we are now heading out to the
YouTube Christmas party we're taking
George's car thank you George for
loaning us this I did have my grandpa's
car that was borrowing but George and
Amy I had one space in their parking
garage they I am
garage carriage I've been hanging out
with a nurse
anyway so he got me insured on this
which is cool yeah we're gonna drive up
to London unfortunately we're about to
hit rush hour so this is gonna be a very
very very long drive up to Kings Cross
oh I'm looking forward to tonight I
think it's gonna be really nice seeing a
bunch of other youtubers and this is why
it's our second Christmas party after
the bus second Christmas party with him
pretty well I'm gonna try and squeeze as
many in
it's two hours later and we finally
found our way to the YouTube space what
they are supposed to be here which one
point the pedestrian area
there is his the party there's a bit of
to an outside
I'm guessing they haven't so letting
people in yet okay i scoped out the
party quickly and unfortunately they
only had like nibble food me and Ryan
haven't had dinner yet so we headed down
to King's Cross station to try and find
some food and also met with Lana hey
she's in the UK don't wait to find food
we've got a little bit sidetracked
because this is platform 9 and 3/4 from
Harry Potter and I didn't even realize
they've got like a whole store here so
we're gonna like do the Harry Potter
thing
yeah there was like a really emotional
experience yeah that's cool
we are still quite so attract some
organic ungracious actually that's a
liar I was starving the boy before you
even got distracted Rosie and I have my
coffee we're about to head back into the
party and Rio just spotted that and
there's two of my vlogs playing
side-to-side here on the big screens
outside pretty cool party is comping
we found the Polaroid wall at the
YouTube space now I know I'm on here
somewhere and it's from the old YouTube
space and Lana and Raya just found me
down here from 2012 this is when I was
doing food for Louie
though someone someone stabbed out my
eyes
what why does someone hate me why
they've done that
okay I'm gonna be honest that that was a
bit of a player if I open because these
really intense lights up here we passed
it is crazy shadows though the nice
light lens light from the photo booth
was kind of like overpowered but welcome
we got some fun photos
the way is so I think we're gonna try
and tag along and see other people yeah
he's stealing balloons Doug I love her
rounded them it's amazing it's like a
ball no bombing this like a beach ball
it's like a beach ball
well there's this chrome Range Rover out
here it's pretty flashy so it turns out
the guy the Range Rover out there
he wraps all the youtubers cars so like
chaos I wrote sure all those guys that
have two chrome Lamborghinis and stuff
he does their raps and he said if if
over would have wrapped the Buffs then I
should hit him up and we can figure out
a plan so I've got this card maybe we'll
write the bus it's not gonna fit in it's
not gonna fit in we're gonna go back to
Luke and Evans house super to hang out
we're gonna have to leave the helium
balloon guys you remember I was obsessed
with pokemons like a month I really
played it I open it like twice in the
last month but anyway mr. mime who's
only available in Europe has just popped
up one too Evan can I just steal your
mother all right
I'm really good at not breaking things
though you are about 1 a.m. and it's
probably times ahead off we've been
watching some very funny YouTube videos
or something and if we didn't watch
yesterday's vlog guys I've got some cool
stuff online for sale for Christmas you
know I buy for Christmas presents only
creator store and Evan also has some
stuff in the Creator store so you can go
and check out what is this one of the
things on the back of this door yeah
his nice posters here thanks for your
hospitality
nice to see you Luke I see you always by
Lana's jumping into a bar we have that's
the problem living so far out of London
no you know the problem is the fact that
the Sun sets like three freakin thirty
because it's not too bad to go to bed
late but then normally be like okay
let's just sleep in a little bit but we
can't because we've sort should do
tomorrow and we have like if we sleep in
a little bit then we have like three
hours of light it's just yeah it's it's
a challenge it's a challenge so before I
go to bed going so I want to explain
something a little bit more as you saw
in yesterday's video I've got a whole
bunch of new products for the live the
adventure line like clothing and laptop
case phone case stuff like that and I
was mentioning earlier at Evans he's
also selling stuff on the the Creator
store which I'm now allowed to tell you
it's a company that Alfie's been working
very hard and setting up and if I click
through here so this is the Creator
store and at the moment there's Zoe and
Joe Tania Alfie me and Evan are on the
site and you can get any of this stuff
right now I've got some posters live
Deventer posters phone cases and
notebook sweaters laptop case hoodie
basically a bunch of stuff on the link
below I already gave a little shout out
and yesterday's vlog I won't pester you
guys about it but if you do want to get
any Christmas presents for people like I
was saying earlier you should do it as
early as possible so they get sent out
in time yeah the lot the last store I
had online was quite high packaging cost
to get to the UK so this is based out of
the UK so
gonna be a lot better for those of you
that would have order from the UK but
yeah it's exciting it's cool to be
teaming up and doing stuff with the
other guys and I'm really excited I'm
really excited about the future of
things that we can do together and make
and create for you guys I cannot wait to
show you what we're scheming up but this
is the Christmas range this is what
we're releasing to Christmas right I'll
catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure the
