hey guys so I'm doing a different type
of video today
sit down chatty video I was going to
talk about this in a vlog and then I
thought hmm this is actually quite an
interesting topic to talk about so why
not make a whole video on it basically I
got a package in the post the other day
from the bonkers Awards I don't know if
you know about this but it's the British
online creator Awards they had a
ceremony like an awards ceremony I think
last week I was actually in Bali at the
time so I couldn't attend but I won two
awards so this is the little notice that
me dear Louie please find enclosed your
two awards for travel video of the year
and best use of tech on behalf of
everyone at the bonkers congratulations
here's a clip from the awards ceremony
here to award the travel video of the
year please welcome to the stage Josh
Peters and his plus-one
Mikey Pierre
the winner for travel video of the year
is fun follow me
and the winner is font for Louie thank
you so much guys everyone that voted for
me and I think also it was judged with a
panel of industry professionals from
what I understand and so I'm very glad
to win my first youtube video awards
this one was for a 360 video I did in
the Canary Islands we have paragliding
and I held out a 360 camera rig in front
of me it's part of like a journey I've
been on the last year and a bit of
exploring ways to make content more
immersive and I think that is definitely
the way a lot of content is going and
you know in terms of the new technology
and VR headsets and stuff so I'm excited
about creating more 360 content in the
future possibly with a bit of a
storyline where I can kind of yeah tell
a bit of a narrative as we're doing
things not just kind of travel landscape
but you know it can involve you guys a
bit more so that's the future plans for
that and yeah I feel super happy that I
got an award for that so moving on to
this award this is the reason that I'm
making a separate video today and
talking about it this is the travel
video of the Year award and as you know
I make daily videos most of them are
travel videos all around the world I
don't even know how many countries I
went to this year but I do know the most
controversial country I went to this
year there was North Korea and this
award was for one of my most
controversial vlogs it was that whole
week of vlogs got so much criticism in
the press but those of you that missed
the media storm earlier in the year I'll
give you a bit of a summary basically I
did a series of vlogs in North Korea I
went out with an organization that teach
surfing and an NGO to yeah I guess
connected the local people and just see
a glimpse of North Korean life maybe
that was very sheltered maybe we only
got to see certain things but I loved
what I experienced and approached it in
the same way I would any of the other
vlogs any of the other thousand vlogs
are made around the world but people
targeted me for not reflecting the
entire spectrum of what
on there and it was some people even
labeled it propaganda but I want an
award for it and this is what I want to
talk about it's very interesting how you
can perceive videos the particular video
that I won the award for a link below
but it was when we left Pyongyang the
capital where most kind of Western
tourists are limited to and we went to
the beach to see you know the coastal
life and stuff happening there we've
made some new friends these girls are
joining us for the next few days Hey for
me being there helps me connect with
those people it helps me see that we're
both humans we may live at different
parts of the world with different
political systems and governments maybe
we don't agree with and maybe there's
terrible things going on but that
doesn't stop me connecting with those
people and learning a bit about their
lives and I think that's the way we need
to approach some of these problems we
have in the world is is making this
human connection and not just watching
from our phones and and screens of bad
news happening everywhere and all this
you know Wars happening here and there's
death happening here but to go to places
where there's struggles and try and
connect on a human level something I
heard the other day at a conference I
was that was from a guy that grew up in
a refugee camp in Jordan and he knew
nothing else and he said there were
terrible things about it and the living
conditions were difficult but there's
also this beauty and he didn't like the
fact that the media only portray the
negatives and the horrendous things that
are happening in refugee camps and he
wanted to celebrate the beautiful things
about his life and the things that he
had experienced so for me that was a
powerful message that yes there can be
darkness in the world but if we if we
concentrate on the light and we reflect
the light and we show the great things
happening I feel like that is a way to
celebrate life across the planet and we
don't need to constantly be showing the
negative pretty much every single news
story is negative it's about death and
destruction and you know even showing
this channel if you
my top viewed videos a lot of them are
injuries I've had so it's bad things
that happened unfortunately bad news
does better people love bad news so for
the media to focus on negative things
happening in countries it's better for
them they get more articles read more
news stories watched that's just the way
our world works people were addicted to
conflict they want to see that but for
me and my channel I've never wanted to
do that I am going to continue making
travel content next year but I also want
to bring you guys on a journey with me
pursuing dreams and projects I'm doing
like the double-decker bus that I've
been renovating in the UK buying land
potentially in Bali now to build my
first treehouse and also me and Raya are
going to base up somewhere for a little
bit just to get in the routine I think
for me traveling all the time non-stop
nomadic has become limiting I think it's
it's amazing in so many ways and I thank
you guys for this life that you've
enabled me to have but also I feel like
there may be a new phase coming in where
I can start envisioning new things for
this community a big thing for me is the
live the adventure club that I've
launched this year and all the potential
with that we're running this travel
summit in January in the UK and then
we've got a big event later in the year
which I cannot wait to tell you guys
about also a massive announcement guys I
have relaunched the live adventure store
you can go and check it out below I've
been working hard thinking of designs
for new clothing and items that you
might want to give people as Christmas
presents this year so go and check that
out and yeah thank you again for this
awards I'm gonna be trying hard this
year to push the boundaries of the
content I'm making making it more
engaging more adventurous and yeah just
experimenting a lot and I want to make
some more award-winning content for you
guys to enjoy so wherever you are in the
world peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
