good morning guys it's a beautiful day
and I'm very excited because as you know
over the last six months I've been
renovating my double decker bus by
actually Mike and his team have been
doing it and last month we threw a small
movie night in the bus since then mike
has renovated the whole of the
downstairs and made it super cozy so we
are partnering with Google chromecast
today to host a Christmas movie night on
the bus and we're running it now to get
some decorations and Christmas jumpers
to make it super Christmasy and then a
bunch of people are coming over this
afternoon it's gonna be so fun oh my
gosh
check this out I think Christmas jumpers
that are essential for today all right
like this so I got some fairy lights we
just want to pick out a little Christmas
tree now I think we do forget one of
these ones it's a little six foot one we
have three Christmas trees I don't know
this is a bit overkill we're gonna get a
real Christmas trees but we've kind of
run out of time and also we can use
these again next year when we have a
party on the bus so I think this is the
best idea okay we can fit anything more
in this car we are totally round
I even got there by Rachel and Laura
already been out to do some shopping
this morning so we should have
everything now I think we have
everything unless we need more Christmas
tree oh cool it made this I go to spin
around the past
so we're having our Christmas party the
same place we had a last movie night on
the river here in water and it's very
beautiful we've just caught the sunset
guys only it's like maybe just 10 4
maybe not even 4 p.m. yet and but we've
caught the last of the light I think
most of the party is going to be in the
dark but that's why we've got all the
Christmas lights all the fairy lights
all right Mike show us what you've been
up to since I've been away very excited
to see I'm very excited you know this is
all closed up wasn't it yeah massive
trouble to work with the kitchen so
you've got really nice oak and cedar
absolutely yeah yeah so we can use it
for events and festivals and brands and
stuff homestead for private use and this
is for extra space
what oh nice oh nice
Oh know what that was bracket therefore
I said this is better yeah and then
eventually this is gonna open up so we
can serve like up
dreams index here have some music that
is very very Johnson's
night recycling yeah there's big fat all
there but it's a proper kitchen yeah
nice and then coffee machine here yeah
it's feeling so much more open in here
like just how light it is the white
makes all the difference I think our
first guess Aylin used to live with me
on the boom bus you remember their first
ever vlogs on my channel it's time to
put my Christmas jumper it's so good I
love what we have a whole team of helper
elves to decorate the bus
I'll just go the Owls we're putting the
curtains in this is really nice so in
theory
come on your new things around by bit
they should be we can
yes one word cool so once you sits on
they were there
well shuffle back a little bit yeah
sweet woman Christmas tree is up
is this a six-foot Christmas Barry this
is scorched M Evan has arrived we're now
decorating the other little Christmas
trees and I say we the girls are doing a
great job though the Christmas lights
are going up the girls are doing more
decorating everything's coming together
very well very excited we have like I
like that they've got the little Springs
on them got the reindeers got stars as I
said earlier our movie night is
sponsored by Google chromecast and if
you don't know what this is this is a
streaming device you can plug into the
back of your TV
and then stream from your phone or your
laptop movies games videos or YouTube
anything so I'm going to show you how
easy this is to plug into your TV
basically find your HDMI port in the
back look at that in then you just need
to get the USB plug that in here and
you're sorted so once you've connected
it ah select the right HDMI input so
this is the chromecast now he wants to
watch one of my vlogs
guys we can either watch it on my phone
at small or this is how easy it is right
basically see this little button here
this is the cast button press that and
then instead of us watching my YouTube
video on my phone watching the big TV
this is this is last Christmas this is
Christmas Day 2015 everybody I was in
Malaysia simple you can literally stream
straight from your fire in YouTube and
later on we're gonna pick a Christmas
movie on Netflix
I'm also waiting for our food we're now
going to find some Christmassy movies
thank you yeah I love how the bus looks
the ferry license pieces have arrived
we've chosen our movie and now we're
gonna stream it on to TV for the
chromecast
just get this little cast button
all right we just had another bunch of
visitors arrive right yes yes Dave
yes bright boy this is my first time on
the bus yes yes George
in the middle of the room I got a bowl
of names glow-in-the-dark galaxy of
stars
see the world like a sleeping bunny
alright everyone's left it's been a very
fun night I think a very successful
second party on the bus maybe not a
party but it was yeah a nice chilled
movie night and we managed to keep warm
we've got all this extra he is in thanks
again for Google chromecast for
sponsoring tonight I've also asked him
to send me 10 of these chromecast that I
can do a giveaway with you guys and this
can be global I know I did
the LTA giveaway the other month and it
was only UK but this is global so all I
need you to do guys if you want to have
one of these is like this video comment
below what Christmas movie you'd stream
with your friends and yeah and then I'll
reply back to those comments and find a
way to get hold of you maybe on Twitter
or email but anyway comment below and
I'll be picking people over the next
week so within the next week you'll hear
from me and I'll send you all of these
and yeah it's been very very cool and
we're going to do some more Christmas
parties in the bus before the end of the
year so Mike's gonna be working hard and
has been working very hard to finish all
the things that we want to do in here
but it's looking amazing it's looking
pretty amazing isn't it oh my gosh
tonight was so magical
like I'm blown away by how we were able
to decorate it and within like an hours
well we came in and it was just nothing
and then we made it into the most
Christmassy bus probably ever yeah
literally I think most people saying
they've never been an environment so
Christmassy we literally had like the
log burning YouTube video and we had
like the heat is the Christmas trees the
presents and because of the wood people
saying that I felt like we were like in
a cabin and now if you open their window
there'd be like slopes we were somewhere
snowy instead yeah this does not even
feel like a bus anyway it will catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
