good morning guys
we have come down to place called Lewis
today which is where we're hosting live
the adventure travel summit in January
it's in this youth hostel some of you
may have seen when I came down here with
Dave a few months ago OTA team down
Rachel and Laura and riah's joining us
and you're gonna be releasing them Ben
and like what we're gonna do in the
space here right we're just figuring out
logistics for sleeping it's gonna be
tight got these trundle beds under here
that we're gonna be using for the extras
we have to draw up draw short straws of
those beds the main living room space
where we're gonna have all Life Group
times I think little parties do you like
this fire we're gonna blitz it with
fairy lights I like that she's so pretty
it's quite an exciting phase for me to
go into like events and this is
obviously just a small one I think we
were saying with like 72 people in total
including like there live the adventure
crew but it's just quite fun planning
you know just imagining what it's gonna
be like when we're all here and I was
hoping the weather's nice because
although it's gonna be cold if it's if
the rain holds off then we can do the
fun evening things like having a little
campfires here and we were just saying
we're gonna like wrap fairy lights
around this tree and yeah it's gonna be
nice I don't often enjoy being in
England in the cold and in the winter
but I think we do it right and you get
wrapped up warm and somewhere being out
somewhere like this in the countryside
as well it's gonna be really beautiful I
love that this is like a little farm
farmhouse cottage as well
we've just been chatting inside like
brainstorming some other ideas of how to
like deck this out make it look really
beautiful because we've realized that
most that people come into this little
travel summit in January aren't actually
from the UK a lot of people are coming
over from the US so you want to like
show off the cutest side of the
quintessential British countryside so
I'm gonna have a little fire here move
some hay bales cover this in fairy
lights and then we've just been talking
about getting a teepee and putting it up
here and then having a little chill
space I'd love to get a teepee that
actually that size that'd be amazing you
guys excited about this
what are you most excited about and
we're gonna like come up with areas for
like names for the different areas so
this can be like the secret garden or
the magic garden or something and then
we were even thinking of naming the
rooms where people are staying cuz it's
just like a typical youth hostel in
there like bunk beds but if we name the
rooms Riya was suggesting like different
countries and I was saying we could
theme the rooms as well like or maybe
get people to like decorate their own
rooms and we have little competitions
for building bedroom forts and stuff
like that I don't know the ideas are
endless we could get a little carried
away I hope these are these little pods
they're warm she said that no one's been
complaining about the cold so if we have
a heat isn't now I guess
yeah so I think the other thing about
this event it's the first event we're
doing so it's a bit of a trial and it's
also kind of setting the tone for future
events we can do it's going to be
manageable in terms of numbers and it's
gonna be good to like kinda test what
works and like figure out what people
want and other they'll be like little
like workshops and seminars and like
time to collaborate and network and
stuff and chat about kind of travel
plans and equipping people with
we're the things you need to go out
there and film your travels and document
your travel and all that kind of stuff I
think we're going to learn a lot as well
from in see what other kind of things
people get at one from these little
events it's all very exciting faces
we're also saying how cool would it be
if some of the local dog rescue centers
could bring like dogs down and we could
like take them for like walks in the
countryside and exercise them and stuff
for the day
oh really cool we're gonna do a nice
photo walk maybe walk up to the top of
that hill right we're heading up to get
lunch now obviously a lot of this has
been planned we're just finalizing
things and figuring out how we're gonna
do everything but if there's any other
suggestions that you guys have the cool
little activities or ways that we could
do up this area and you've seen a few
little clips just now let us know in the
comments if you've done cozy little fun
like events like this or little retreat
kind of things let us know of cool
things we could do because we want to
make this super special and if you
manage to get a ticket for this then I'm
looking forward to seeing you and
hanging out for the weekend I think will
be really nice because it's not a
massive event like a lot of the YouTube
gatherings I go to it's it's kind of
personal and it's nice because I'll
actually get to chat to everybody and
everyone will get to chat to everybody a
lot a good little family the weekend
looking forward to it
okay guys we've found this place to
eight and for some reason there is
donkeys here which will have played the
beer mat game guys you know when you
like flick up okay bye you show us how
it's done
so Ryan's just told me she's never
tasted parsnips before so this is
parsnip soup
no its flavor really
who deserved check this out I'm so glad
we found this place why he found Laura
milk said look at this little baby go
time to head back
well it's been a pretty fun day I'm
really excited about the summit January
I'm glad that we planned a bit more got
excited about it today I'm back my
parents I'm not feeling too good today
guys I've been just feeling like
headaches and a bit like what's the word
I felt like I don't know I think I just
need to recover a bit I think though
maybe the weather and the jetlag and
different things have hit me so I'm just
going to recover get an early night and
we've got a very Christmasy weekend
planned we're gonna be making some
decorations tomorrow and then we are
doing a big Christmas party on my bus on
Sunday which Mike has been working very
hard towards getting the bus already and
I've said sent out a little invite list
for people and we've got some fun like
Christmas jumpers we're gonna be wearing
and just putting up a Christmas tree and
stuff it's gonna be really cool and I'm
gonna let Royer decorate the Christmas
tree
because he's gonna be better at
decorating Christmas trees than me we've
just been watching Gilmore Girls for the
last hour or so
and I think it's time for bed and I'll
catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
