good morning guys
it is 9:30 maybe some of that and we are
leaving the Dominican treehouse village
today unfortunately and we are all
heading off to different places as you
can tell it's just woken up I managed to
get a coffee but always takes me a few
hours in the morning nothing like a nice
little jungle trek
guys we've just been flagged down by the
dominican police I guess for speeding a
little bit probably have to pay a fine
hola don't speaking Spanish sorry yeah
sure turns out I was doing 104 in in an
80 this is a national park so they want
to keep the speed slow for animals and
stuff I think I need to wrap my head
even though I driver in other countries
a lot like around kilometers and miles
like I don't ever convert them when I
look at Columbus now I'm like I don't
know like you know 80 is slow though
that is really slow that's like 50 those
cars Oh
oh come on I'll get guys we we basically
just had to pay a bribe to the police
they said there's two options we have to
go to court and pay the full fine
or we could pay them there and then he
just let me up then he let us off like a
thousand pesos oh yeah so we paid notice
okay mm but originally was going to be
like three thousand or something
anyway it was very nice of them they
seem friendly they took a selfie with us
I like it when I meet like nice
policemen you know I annoyed we're gonna
try and find a waterfall down how far
was the waterfall
it's another 15 minutes I think we
pulled over this is the place we're
going to check out do we know how long
the track it marked the walkers
this is an unexpected last-minute
adventure before we fly I think we
allowed just enough time to you know
spend like a half an hour or something
here
this looks like quite a cool local spot
two guys have just shown up the little
boom box playing salsa I think I think I
could spend a few hours here it looks
like the waters probably warm enough to
swim in as well look at this guy just
chillin absolute relaxin to the max
jungle waterfalls never get old from it
does anyone know any destinations which
have the waterfalls with a swings where
you can like swing and like you know
backflip into the pool I've never done
that I'd like to do that but actually
maybe I've done that in Brazil before
being on a swing by waterfall the
rental-car guy finally dropped us off at
the gate I'm heading in now drawings off
first when's your flight okay so got
like an hour and a half and then me and
David are gonna be waiting around for a
little while Ola with free security it's
quite long and through security joram
had to literally run that for his flight
we don't even know if he made it yet but
me and David have had a chance to sit
down and grab a last meal together and
David's like did start boarding ten
minutes ago - just started boarding but
I think if we eat quickly we're not
gonna have problems
sir speed in a nice the last day isn't
it yeah it's been good it's good that we
actually got to do some stuff
I'm hoping this is as good as it looks
this is uh the only thing on the menu
that looks suitable for me or Windows or
anywhere else
okay
landed in Miami I have I think 20
minutes to winx flight boards it's been
quite long going through security I've
cleared customs into the u.s. now and
now I need to find my connecting flight
yeah it's quite tight I managed to get
some food before getting on the next
flight
American Airlines I guess I don't know
this is all their flights but they don't
do they don't serve meals you can buy
like little packets of chips and hummus
and stuff but I needed something a bit
more substantial so I'm just to get a
vegan baguette how most and vegetable
forget this is my thing this is my guy
so I've just been doing some editing at
the gate
funny story I still have my phone set to
Dominican time so I thought I was like
rushing to catch this fly it turns out I
was an hour early and Rio is chatting -
music is light wait what time is it
there no anyway
I was mistaken and then we realized it's
much better this way around though I was
now early then it's if my phone was set
an hour the rotten the other way because
then I would have just been like
chilling walking to the fly and could
have missed it just landed in LAX very
productive flight managed to get a blog
edited read their notes blog and flights
like that can't really see out the
window literally I could blow to my feet
but it's not a lot yeah there's no a lot
going on I'm really excited to see Riya
I'm going to jump into eben now and I'm
gonna order an uber each to meet me at
the hotel this is my guy
all right I've arrived I think this is
my pad I'm glad to be back in the states
it's gonna be a really nice chilled week
cash not a dryer and a bunch of other
friends here and yeah I'm gonna sign out
now get some food in me and getting
really good night's sleep
it's I have months of sleep deprivation
that's built up and I need to look after
myself because I'm not very well right
now
peace out enjoy your life a little
adventure
