good morning guys is nigh layer above
the earlier than usual this morning as
you can hear my voice and come down to a
conference oh I've been a part of
yesterday and it's happening tomorrow as
well it's called the choice to women on
Princeton is an issue we're all together
so yeah I was born a refugee I didn't
choose or migrate my cellphone I might
been fathered and my generation were
forced to flee in 1948 from another part
of Palestine to to Lebanon and you know
I was born and I didn't understand what
is it what yeah refugee and even
actually until today I try to understand
what what it is in the erected I want to
talk about and this is
for me today to change directorial how
amazing it is in a refugee camp there
are a lot of dreamers I I travel back
every year now when you live in hard
circumstances you become like a really
strong dreamer and it's so determined to
do something in life all right Roy has a
right how's your morning yeah yeah it's
good man
all right I got a picnic on the floor so
there's been so much going on today guys
we've just spent hours like mingling
meet cool people having very
inspirational tracks and I'm now being
offered the opportunity to interview
Anish Kapoor which is like he's like a
big deal right this is gonna be like
professionally filmed guys so you're
lucky this is gonna be amazing
hello I'm Louie I love an audience on
YouTube I traveled the world daily and
like kind of show you the adventure of
my life meeting cool people showing
different cultures and yeah I thought
would be really cool to just NAB you for
a second thanks for your time to have a
little interview to talk to my audience
about what you're doing particularly
here because you're doing a lot of cool
stuff this is an issue Kapoor by the way
world renowned sculptor one big awards
like very inspirational and what's your
involvement at this particular
conference well the initial idea was to
make a monument okay for or anti-slavery
against you know whatever all the
horrors there are more slaves today than
they've ever been yeah you know that I
well I've been hearing stuff today
that's been blowing my mind
it truly is frightening there's almost
nothing we use not this not this not
those almost nothing we use isn't
touched by slavery no you learning about
today like the first tier second tier
third tier like and then you kind of
lose the connection of where your
products are being made from isn't it
what a horror I mean what a thing I come
from India a good portion of that those
many millions of
are in India and I feel deeply motivated
but in the end what can an artist do
about this and I think that's quite a
good question because in a in a way I'm
not an active agent in either exposing
or delivering people from slavery you
know now they're exposing it nor
delivering them from so what can we do I
think what an artist can do is to talk
about fragility you're fragile in I'm
fragile and those slaves are fragile and
if we if I don't protect my fragility
and you don't project yours how can we
protect theirs and I think that is the
key and then your what's the award
you're presenting stray office I've made
it a thing which is an object now that
big and bloody heavy representing the
idea of the fragile the we're giving it
to companies that seem to have shown us
that they are slave free yeah and I
think that's tough it's a tough one for
all my audience watching back at home a
lot of them have got creative tendencies
they were very passionate about their
creative side as someone that's pursued
your creative passions to where you are
now is there anything you want to say to
them in terms of you know I think a lot
of people aren't encouraged with their
creativity what I'm trying to say so is
there anything you can say to encourage
people with creativity we spend too much
of our time too much of our lives
involved in what we think we know maybe
it's possible to open yourself up to
what you don't know I think that's what
a Studios for that's why I work as an
artist I'm not really interested in what
I know how to do I'd much rather do what
I don't know how to do and take the risk
so take the risk take the risk well
thank you for your time I'll let you get
on yeah it's great to meet you it's good
to meet you too Coco thanks Lou so guys
amongst all the amazing people we're
meeting today this is
yes and he's directed a movie called
full sold and we're gonna be seeing it
tonight out seeing any of it yet but
he's just sharing with us how important
this is
to get out to you guys to see it's a lot
available yet but it when it does get
released I'm gonna bring this whole
thing up again and probably find a way
to like chat to you guys a little bit
more about what it is but after tonight
I mean your house like the kids with
wives depend on you becoming part of the
solution what's in it in a couple
sentences what is it that the movies
about what is that you've done so we are
not just a movie where I'll go to him
WWWE soulgee will be dark past you can
look up the traffic campaign it's not
just
and these been working on this for ten
years it's a really good thing to get
vulgar guys so like you said I'll link
up link below but this isn't over I'm
going to tell you more about this when
it's released in January and I'll also
to feedback after tonight I share a
little bit about watching the movie
about thank you so much so before we
watch this movie we're gonna pop in its
food I think something about these like
very intense days is they're quite
energy draining so we need to store our
energies I forgot to say it Laura
arrived a few hours ago she's been
joining us
getting inspired and listening to a lot
of amazing people today already and
you're going to be seeing a lot more of
Laura in the blogs over the next like
well just however long she wants to hang
around helping with all the live the
adventure stuff but we have we've had
some exciting ideas today and chat some
people and done a lot of networking
so introductions and I think at the end
of the day let's bring them into this
issue so we're back after a very
powerful day meeting inspirational
people hearing stories that I've been
heartbreaking I feel like as well as my
mind been blown I just have been
emotionally fragile especially after the
movie stalled that we just watched it
basically followed the story of a girl
from Nepal that was sold into the sex
trade in India and I was just yeah it
was it was difficult to watch but also
just made me angry because I know that
that's reality even though it's a
fictional movie and I think a lot of the
stuff that was discussed today just
makes me want to do something about it
makes me want to bring you guys on a
journey where we can start to tackle
some of the issues that were talking
about today around the world there's a
lot of issues that were talked about and
again tomorrow we're gonna be thinking
that even bigger stuff and other things
and yeah I just need a bit of time to
figure out direction and are we at Chang
tonight Laura me and Riya about maybe
it's not half you know maybe we don't
have to pick just one issue to try and
tackle but maybe we can pick like a few
that are close to our hearts and that
seem to kind of motivate me the most so
that's kind of what I'm feeling it's
like I do want to do more things and
yeah I'm just figuring it out basically
so yeah it's been a privilege to have
been involved today and getting to
interview a chance' different people and
looking forward to tomorrow see in the
morning
peace out into a life of adventure
