good afternoon guys today is an exciting
day for me because I'm getting my dreads
slaughtered I just picked up Silvia from
the train station and she's going to
work her magic as usual
a lot of you being have been oh you're
seeing how fluffy my dreads have got so
definitely in need of some serious
maintenance says Kabir quite a few hours
how many hours do you think this is
gonna take I think five five hours
something like this yeah okay
hope you ready we have a light boxed out
I stole out of George's little office so
we should have all the light we need
again on Sylvia too bad I think we are
nearing the edges yeah then so
half-white decide actually more than
halfway oh yeah which is I thought it
would be longer but this is the problem
guys this is the scenario and be really
vulnerable with you my hairline is
receding you probably noticed a little
bit so this is where I'm losing hair
it's just thinning but because of that
the dreads are the size here as you
probably notice I'm losing like they're
kind of getting super thin because the
hair is thinning then it hasn't got as
much kind of hair to keep them thick
like these healthy onto the top so we
don't know what to do about these thin
ones whether to join them to other
dreads or like maybe I'm just wear my
hair down and then it you won't notice
although I do I like shave them what do
you think the options are here what
realistically
you were wearing down the trimmers
somehow this one trimming have it short
hair yeah yeah what do you think guys
have any of you experiences with long
hair and then it's receding well I don't
want happen is like for me to go bald on
top and then I've got just collared
dreads hanging out the back and he's
coming
I don't know this is a bit of a dilemma
I've been thinking about recently but
we've been pumping around my dad my
dad's you've seen his hair long
procedure but he's kind of obviously a
lot older so you can get away with it
but this is yeah I think this is
something a lot of guys struggle with
I've learned that you know building is
to do with testosterone that's yeah
stops your that's why I guess women
don't go gold something to do with
testosterone in it like inhibiting the
roots of your hair growing or something
like that yeah because testosterone
blocks the Koala call with the hair
growth there you go there's some science
and the peppermint helps especially Rob
teeth play some head there's like cousin
and oils oh okay maybe that's better
anyway any advice would be helpful go I
would love to hear what you think yeah
half lizard too high it to make it
higher and more that way
okay so I'll touch that turns out the
one no spins that was the thin one else
no so litters that driver as much as it
can for now I second that one up the
hair new
and what I think yeah this hair can just
trim it not that much and trim it like
don't shave it but just like just keep
it short
yeah man without look weird compared to
that side I will do the same just like
on like these areas you know okay
disobey my hair yeah literally
yeah that's give that guy you know it
will look neat yeah boy wall is kind of
I think that's better than this
flycatcher yeah okay so I've got a
mirror here guys and this is the moment
of truth I'm trusting Sylvia to trim all
this fluffiness and the edges in the
hope that this is going to work better
for me well let's do tell of it yeah
it's gonna be paragrah I think I'm gonna
see one yeah
thank you to Natasha for letting movies
warehouse me it's do it bit by bit side
oh yeah totally totally just because and
how it's going to let can't really
picture in my head he's gonna look me up
if it looks really bad I can just wear a
headband headband for a little bit it
was weird
I guess that whole section that isn't
dreaded so it's yeah it's just not going
in the dread or anywhere else it's gonna
be like normal hair oh I kind of like it
yeah this is actually such a different
look this is this is like wow this is
monumental because I haven't changed my
hairstyle for literally like 13 years
Roy you can't look yet why don't look
when we done okay we can hang all week
with trains we're changing something I
can't guys we've got my beard trimmer
out oh my god
good
I guess this is normal for something
though for life but I most people
provides guys it's just goes so weird
it's so cool oh my goodness they make
looks good look good dude
I love it this is really you know it's
scary
you're not scary the book with if I'm
looking if I'm covering up here all
right let's go show ya guys someone
Photoshop wait Philip Atkins oh look
right look I saw someone photoshop with
short hair it won't be hard from this
which will it cuz you can just like my
god turn your head to your right
how's that Riya thomassie it's not that
scary you know I had that fluffy hair on
the side yeah look I'm going come in
Dewey
Oh what happened
she's like Cup whoa bones like a short
hairstyle tsunami just like cut can you
tell like that is where those dreads but
now it's like short natural hair then I
go well that fluffy loose hair point up
here okay okay I haven't had this for
like 30 years
no no because I love em for that until
it looks word oh my gosh I need to get
used to it okay where I can move it okay
I literally feel like a new man this is
great
the other into thing I look younger guys
do you think Alexandra things pretty
young
oh right I'm gonna drop silver station
she's late for things she had thanks for
staying longer to finish very welcome
well I hope I get used to this is a big
change in some ways it's not been some
ways I look like a different man yeah
it's time for dinner
very hungry I think somehow we skip
lunch maybe because we got a late
breakfast here we go I've laid in wait
are you hungry
do you know I found riot in bed like
sleeping otherwise in a magic enough
water oh me neither
make sure
I seem like particularly tool right now
I've actually bought like so min right
it's raining and it's Pizza Express
look at this pc guys this is fun real
we've finished dinner we're now
wandering into Sainsbury's to get some
snacks and dessert and fruit and things
like that what happened to these
pineapples oh they must be so sad
we found the Buffett
here
okay we need to go to the checkout now
we have our things we're not going to
buy a bucket are we gonna buy a puzzle
you addicted to puzzles we've realized
something staying in Georgian Amy's
apartment that this is actually an
amazing location because we're in like
walking distance of a bunch of
restaurants and the Sainsbury's and all
the shots that we're I needs to do
shopping in and it's like right there
everything's right there it's one of the
advantages of living in a town or city I
guess well it's been a very chill day
today guys this evening was lovely to
have a little date night with Raya and
get a few bits from the shops right has
actually already started on her puzzle
and she's making good progress and
Sylvia did an amazing job today
how do you think I look guys I did ask
earlier but yeah bringing this written
good and tomorrow we're hanging out with
Will and Arden and we've got some plans
to do something in London and get some
dinner together should be a lot of fun
and sweet I'll catch you later in the
morning peace out enjoy life live the
Adventure Bay
