good morning guys today we're sadly
leaving this magical town of a bird and
we are heading down to Denver style
where we're flying out from tonight but
before we fly out we are going past
Kangoo where Jack and Lauren are and
also Sam Evans are still hanging out
there so we're going to get lunch with
those guys and chat a little bit more
about the possibility of gangster land
out here and doing stage one of like the
treehouse vision or a tree house
experiment of some sort so a lot of you
have been very helpful thank you for
your comments and a few of you tweeted
me some advice and yeah so we're going
to discuss them with that today but also
just yeah make the most of the day it is
absolutely beautiful today the rain is
held off again and every day I've spent
in a booth I've just fallen more and
more in love with it so if you visited
barley or you're planning to visit
barley make sure you come here Raya has
just picked us up a couple of smoothies
thank you so we arrived at this lovely
little cafe there's Jack and Loren
recommended this is their local sounds
here we've got some new friends that
have come to join us these guys are
giving us some advice on building in
barley and look at this food ever on
toast falafel coconut this is like my
dream situation right here
so we've just been having a very
interesting conversation with these kids
they're basically reached out to me and
Twitter their family live out here and
I've done a bunch of like buying land
and building things so they're going to
take us to a restaurant that's been
built nearby which is pretty cool okay
yeah it's like honor it's like a rooftop
restaurant and then and then we're going
to go and see one of their hotels which
is like got some treehouse vibes in it
and we're going to go and see that for
inspiration I guess it turns out this
treetop restaurant is exactly where we
came down to the beach the other like
last week when I was like filming the
surfers out here that's where he was
sitting literally there I didn't really
see it all of these buildings are
supported by their palm trees they're
pretty crazy
that's so cool
all right what's this what's this place
code also our names more bitter more
weekend so it's gonna be two I'll be
more happy to Villa give me off
this is beautiful you're right yeah we
still try to send you messages to get
you to come and stairs so next time next
time definitely I love this little
bonsai vibe oh wow okay so it's like
it's not a house it's a structure but
that potentially could be the fat like
the floor of a building because after it
just doesn't look like you know so we
decided to keep it okay see this is at
some stage I like this because you put
these two like pillars right for the
truth it is it's not yeah it just looks
like it is everything is from pillar
that it comes from here all these are
concrete beams I like that this is so
amazing
Wow see this I'm talking about
it's like white but rustic it's not very
light like you don't feel like this to
talk so Louie your tree Ellis yeah
so this morning for the little story we
are your tweets on home you wanted the
trio's yeah there you go you're like we
have a tree house now we build it for
you oh wow this is quick see I love this
so it's not it's not supported by the
trees but it feels like you're in the
place and this part here is really for
us yeah so this is your own personal
house my brother I'm imagining initially
we can do on the grid but we work
towards like being eco-sustainable one
night I mean if you do if you start from
it from the start
yeah okay I want to be selfish it's
quite easy with it don't let ultra cheap
okay Wow this is an awesome house I
probably get a bigger TV though just
look at these portholes
though the code for these from boat
right no
they would not survive outside this is
like this is like hitch Toya's dog
there's too many fluffy things oh my
gosh this is like rinds of Singapore
those like three guys yeah there's that
little treehouse platform we were just
down up this is an incredible property I
love like all the different styles that
we've got to come and stay with you guys
next time we're here because I feel that
it's too much to like absorb it's like
too overwhelming well guys that was that
was pretty insane I was not expecting
that at all just a lot to absorb a lots
taken inspiration wise that was work
that's one of the most incredible
properties I've ever gone to anywhere
before we had hunt the air for we're
trying to squeeze in as much as possible
and they're just going to take us to
another guy's house which is like
they'll out of bamboo and he built it
himself so we're going to go and see
that and he might be someone that we can
potentially connect with to to build a
tree house or something so this is Gil
this is his house so did you you built
all this yeah
oh wow this is a yeah this is a vibe
Annette
take this place out a little hot top
outside yeah an air-conditioner heats
the hot tub
oh it's air-conditioned and more
efficient okay we're basically we're
ready to invest invest the money into
the whole project so we just need to
find out how to do it your bathrooms are
all fiberglass so okay yeah so there was
one piece of this is no cracks oh yeah
no thing to go black there's no you know
when you have tiles you have the little
crack di yeah no no cracks this is the
kitchen area love this this guy we just
met absolute legend I think he might be
our guide to help us build the
treehouses so everything is coming
together today this is like might have
to come back out to Bali sooner than I
thought okay
we stopping at one last place for
inspiration Wow
it shows you how creative you can be
with like architecture and little
building little houses these are crazy
what is this
this is unreal unfortunately the time
has come to say goodbye to everyone bye
see later we're going to see these guys
in Dubai you're gonna see you wait like
a week two weeks two weeks in Dubai
you're going to see these guys thanks
for all your help today it's been
amazing right let's get to the airport
we're running so late yeah so we arrived
at the airport with plenty of time with
through security now and there's
Christmas decorations everywhere and
it's not even December yet are you
feeling about the Christmas in love hey
by myself get into it all
pretty much now because it's meats
between a warm place in feel Christmasy
so I've just been like no one's in music
no one even talk about Christmas but
we're about to close England where it's
cold AF so I'm like about to just like
okay we should we're going to try and do
a bunch of Christmasy things back in the
UK o Christmas tree so turns out our
gate is literally the last gate like the
furthest gate to warranty and we only
just made it yeah we left as soon as
they started warning I know you're
walking for 20 minutes guys crazy that's
where I miss my skateboard hope every
girl oh thank you to Walker
either by the first blizzard fun
Oh
well that's a very nice flight we've
just landed in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia and
now help to get on a very very long
flight to London but thankfully we've
got a seat and leg room like exit rows
that should be fine
might need to get coffee before we on
the flight
either tell me how long the next flight
is this is a big one this is 14 hour
flight
you
yay mega RAM we're about five hours into
a flight back to London I'm going to get
some rest now I just wanted to say that
today is being mind-blowing ly
explaining the concept of actually
managing to get some land and build a
treehouse in the next couple of months
or at least kind of start the process
I'm just very very excited about and
yeah it was it felt like fate that I met
jack and Lauren
with I don't know that we've got the
same dreams and this just worked out
very well so I'll keep you updated with
how things go
I'll probably be out back out barley
very soon - yeah to get things up the
way in to help and stuff
if all goes to plan this is happening
guys this is finally happening
it's cause bill to bring you guys along
as I'm kind of living the dream that
I've wanted to for so long they'll say
thanks for coming along right I need to
prepare myself with a very very cold
weather back in London now or see in the
morning peace out
enjoy life in the adventure
