good afternoon guys we just had coffee
and lunch at zero with my mum and
grandpa Naomi and Riya are heading out
to collect a Christmas tree there we're
gonna put my parents house and then
we're gonna do some decorating of the
house they haven't done anything yet so
excited get all the fairy lights
everywhere and tinsel and all of that
we've just picked up a bunch of the
decorations that we had on the bus the
other night the Christmas party
let's go see we can find a Christmas
tree we're gonna get a real one we did
have the option of using the plastic
ones we bought for the bus party /
there's something really nice about a
real Christmas tree I like the smell of
the pine needles so my mom was telling
us a funny story the other day that this
tree here is originally there as a
Christmas tree but it got too big at
lights on today for this smaller
Christmas tree there and they've really
put like that like the bottom third real
Christmas trees this is exactly what we
want I think we want bigger than this
they're bigger oh hey buddy I'm kind of
surprised how good some of these fake
trees look
well this is 300 pounds yeah time to
choose a perfect Christmas tree talk us
through how to choose a perfect
Christmas tree I think like six feet I
think these are all the kind of light we
want and you've got to figure out where
you're gonna put it before you go out
and we didn't do that so we're just
gonna we can just trim it if it doesn't
fit we can just like that is good
thinking so this looks like a completely
different type of tree and I don't know
if I like it it's a bit skinnier I
prefer these like fatah thicker ones
than these little skinny ones no offense
okay no life 50 squid is quite pricey
but then again there's only Christmas
once a year the tree if the squid is
look
50 squared No okay so first of all
pounds in the UK we need to call them
quid so like fifty quid and then
me get this one to me to get around the
other side
nice
almost I'll let you try that again
also I got it yeah that's plenty of
space in the car for this where am I
gonna go okay why is getting a puzzle
excited about the puzzle you think of
like a family thing because you and my
family especially my mom and I used to
stay up like literally all night long
three
but dozen times and I'd stay up I'm
interested to see how you're gonna fit
it in the car okay but there's gonna be
no room left for me
the tree is as long as the car is that
was this you was this Oh God
how's it going Oh God oh it's starting
to peak out over here perfect amount of
space you cozy okay so it's growing in
there right all right for starters we
need to clear this back area because
this is where the trees going annoyingly
I've been at my parents house trying to
fit the Christmas tree in their current
stand this is the circular bit at the
top of the stand for some reason it
tapers in so it's the opposite what a
tree does a tree trunk kind of tapers
out at the bottom I don't know why it
does that but anyway doesn't fit so I've
had to come all the way back to the
garden server to buy a difference then
hopefully this one fits one Christmas
tree stand please
all right we've released the branches
and Raya is going to start wrapping the
lights around I wonder if we should wait
for it to like hmm I think it will once
we start putting things in it
how's things coming along Mariah likes
to have her a bit too white so we need
to be moon stopping silver on and put
marigold and rental
one pit stop in a tree I think is this
tradition for the last thing the other
don't think so yeah oh no I think it
looks good though yeah what do you think
that we've got a red star of the tree
nice I like it and it's loud they're not
all flashing at this point we thought it
was a good idea to Hoover up all the
needles and bits of tinsel and stuff
right well I think phase one of the
Christmas decorating is complete good
job what's your favorite back yeah we're
gonna try and find some more snowflakes
guys are we going to try and make some
can you can teach me how to do that you
put the fireplace thing in the TV yes so
we are now heading out with my parents
for a jazz night up in London in Chelsea
at the 606 jazz club very excited I
haven't been to a jazz
we've left the jazz club that was
unbelievable
guys go and check out Audrey Logan I'll
link her below mind-blowing such a good
performer and thanks mum for organising
tonight you enjoy it Riya yeah I wasn't
expecting her to be that good she was
like Jessie J an Adele it's like jazz
sprinkled in it's so good her voice
unreal well it's been a very productive
day and a lot of fun decorating the
house and it feels like a moment of
achievement the fact that we've got the
Christmas tree up and sorted I'm looking
forward to spending most of December
here we are however going to find
somewhere else to stay because as much
as I enjoy hanging out my parents it's a
little bit cramped in this house but
it's been like I said it's been a lot of
fun and I think also the plan is
tomorrow we're gonna head into London
and meet up with a few people and yeah
just trying to make the most of spending
the Christmas season here this is this
is very different but nice all right
I'll catch you in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure but
