good morning guys
here's a lovely day in a bird we're
heading down to get some breakfast
thankfully the rain is held off and
we're going to be meeting a couple of
friends today that we've not met before
I'll be introducing you a little bit
later and then we're going to figure out
a plan for the day maybe go to Monkey
Forest maybe go and visit waterfall or
something should be pretty fun the
people we're meeting today are Jack and
Lauren they have like incredible travel
Instagram accounts do you travel and
gypsy life and yeah we haven't met them
before but it turns out they live in
Bali so with arranged to go and grab a
coffee with them and yeah it's going to
be exciting stuff follow Jack for a
while and
his Instagram is literal goals like very
very inspiring so it's always good to
meet other travelers people passionate
about capturing their travels
hello okay we have been seeing inside
for hours because it started raining and
it's also a lovely cafe this is Jack and
Lauren and we are now heading to the
Monkey Forest which I was talking about
yesterday I'm really keen to go through
have you been to the Monkey Forest is it
scary okay go oh okay we could have fun
we get up
look at it do not stare at the monkeys
have you seen this don't get up don't
have eye contact with a monkey wish
outright we get some bananas sweet ah
he's coming by he's beefing it oh look
at a boy sneeze I wouldn't want him on
my head no yeah I guess economy yeah
this one started that Lee's got bananas
you want you want a banana a banana you
want it you want it here you go have a
yummy banana
so guys I'm hiding the bananas down my
shirt because they can spot you a mile
off that I was getting surrounded and
yeah they can spot you a mile oh they
know they know I've got bananas ah yeah
hey what are you angry at the rope
what are you angry at amazing
how did that feel otherwise they're
annoying he's annoyed on you that guy
you know
oK we've separated from the rest of the
tourists and I'm a little bit worried
that the monkeys are gonna like gang up
on us now because not as many of us
we're gonna catch surrounded an attack
and a few of them have spotted that I'm
hiding the bananas Oh once pop-top cut
what we shirt
whew them spotted them but I don't think
they've told the rest yet oh my gosh
yeah join this you're on this wall I'll
be careful why you so much be careful
yeah why cuz he's a big boy ok bye we're
friends yeah sure where they come from I
think I can stay here all day
we've got some early make time I guess
it's raining nice raining monkeys are
gonna be rainy monkeys are going to be
miserable
oh good haha oh you got it
you just killed everything apart
yes buddy Oh what did you need oh he
smells musky
let's do this is a big-ass funky here I
buddy
delay us
how did that feel Oh warm at night
okay I think it's time to go that was
awesome Oh goodbye goodbye all right
time to go
I smell a little bit like monkeys I
think one might have urinated on me but
we're gonna head off probably going to
an another coffee shop who knows so
another like four hours has elapsed and
we've been in a coffee shop and now
we've come back to the place we eat
lunch earlier for dinner and I just got
this incredible milkshake or smoothie or
whatever is this is dragon free and this
is not a straw and this is fooled me for
like three dimes are given trying to
suck this spoon but it's not stuff there
looks like a Barbie Barbie smoothie this
food is incredible I got doll samosas
and four he is this is kind of like a
multi international food thing here
Mexico in an Indian like it right these
guys are off see it tomorrow try before
your head back
Raya is taking me to this quick place
where we're going to get a little
dessert what that is amazing
do you do vegan crepes yeah oh that is
very exciting
okay Raya talk us through what we have
here we have thank you we have got
hashing food prep with chocolate
why is it pink
that's yellow dragon fruit yes
dragon fruit how tasty this looks we are
back from pancakes it's been such a fun
day today I'm so glad we got to go see
the monkeys but also it's been amazing
meeting Jack and Lauren and like I said
earlier they are super inspirational
their Instagram accounts if you don't
follow them I'll link them below but we
were just chatting about a lot of things
we have in common one of the things we
have in common guys is we both want to
build treehouses so Jack was saying
tonight that he was thinking of buying
some land here of barley and building a
treehouse and that it potentially would
be a lot cheaper than doing it in the US
or something and I said bro count me in
so potentially this is an idea right now
but potentially we could team up and one
of my first kind of treehouse
experiments could be out here in barley
it all goes to plan so tomorrow we're
hoping to visit and state agents and
just look into it a little bit if any of
you guys have got any advice on this I'd
love you to comment below and
particularly in barley like buying land
or leasing land in barley and then
building here as well at contacts with
people that could do construction or you
know sourcing words all of that kind of
stuff it was very inspirational as well
like I said last week visiting the green
school and seeing how it was all built
out of bamboo so those kind of vibes and
we want to do it super like
eco-sustainable
all of that kind of stuff so yeah
comment below and I'll link an email in
the description as well you can email me
at and I'd love your input
and yeah so tomorrow we meet up again to
chat about that grab some lunch and then
maybe we're going to go and check out a
waterfall nearby in the afternoon I
think it'll be fun right
I'll catch you guys in the morning peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure be
