good morning guys it's 9:00 a.m. who's
arrived back at the trust women
conference that being at the last of the
days
and another day of inspirational
speakers fun interviews there's gonna be
a little less heavy than yesterday the
topics were covering yesterday were like
human trafficking and slavery as
darkness yeah today's more about it
powering women around the world so
Laura's here and Riya is arriving in a
little bit he's early mornings I feel
kind of feel nice like making most of
the day we had a 13 hour day at the
conference yesterday they say but I
think it's gonna be as long today I
started everything with a very innocent
idea of lending money to poor people out
of the desperate situation that existed
in Bangladesh at that time in the mid
70s when we just about the peak of the
hunger and famine in the country listen
did I learn if you go the same old way
you will reach the same old destination
if you have a new destination you have
to build your own path to get there so
every time I need a rule I need a
procedure in my world I just look at the
conventional banks how they do it once I
learn how they do it I just do the
opposite
this is a very simple role because they
are going to the rich so this is the
procedure they follow if I want to go to
the poor I have to do the opposite then
I go to the poor with a very simple
logical thing to do and I did that so
the rules they follow they go to the
rich we made it we go to the poor they
go to men we go to women they work in
the city centers we wanted to make sure
we go to the remote village we've just
come out in my room wherever Hamid Yunus
was talking I now I'm getting to
interview him like I did yesterday we
got this set up we're gonna be chatting
about some cool things hey guys so I'm
here with Muhammad Yunus he is a very
inspirational guy and Nobel Peace Prize
winner for starting the Grameen Bank
which was the world's first bank aimed
at you know it's for poor people
originally it was micro loans started in
Bangladesh so I've got an audience
around the world watching on YouTube and
a lot of them are girls and some of them
are from developed countries with more
support around them but I'd imagine a
lot of girls are feeling like the life
is kind of weighed against them and they
might not feel the freedom to dream to
be whoever they kind of want to be have
you got a message particularly a message
of encouragement for those for the girls
watching of course I have the message
you're saying that you are a young
person you're privileged person you have
all the technology in your hand my
generation didn't have the technology
that you have so you're you're something
amazingly different I can even tell you
that you are the most powerful
generation in human history if you know
that your most powerful generation
humoristic
do you feel it the clear powerful if you
feel it then ask yourself the question
since I have all this power how am I
going to use this power for what is the
purpose for this that I will be using
this and design a thing design a whole
world that you want to build
if you imagine a world that you want to
it will be done just imagination you
don't have to do anything just
imagination because if you imagine it'll
start happening with your erections
proceed in that direction
so imagine big imagine a war world and
make it happen that's the challenge you
can do and you have the capability of
doing that don't forget that don't waste
your creative power if you don't use
your creative power it will be all
wasted it will have no use for anybody
so don't make the mistake use the power
and make it happen and now you think
thank you so much thank you my bag guys
it's been another incredible day at the
conference we're now gonna head out and
grab a little bite to eat finish some
editing and stuff it's ordered an uber
all right we have a laptop club going on
thankfully very fast Wi-Fi I've just
ordered a mocktail the ginger breeze the
little slice of Kiwi in as well very
nice
cheers royal Christmasy hot chocolate
and Christmas songs as well so we're
going for a little evening stroll around
London now we're gonna go try find some
places to get some snacks and then we're
waiting for Laura's boyfriend to come
and join us for some dinner later on
what is this place
did you see the puppet there's puppies
everywhere we were just talking about
how Laura's got five your puppet puppet
but these are really spooky Victorian
kind of tough puppets you see them
they're literally sitting around the
whole edge of the room
we're now strolling into Covent Garden
oh it feels very Christmassy I will walk
around the other side and see the big
tree
Oh
he's vile - and he 64
veidt's we miss I'm famous perc√© down
he's all of 31 and he's only 17
this is where we're eating I don't think
I'll be eaten here before
well we had a delicious dinner what
hackers we're now all things go to the
cinema and we're in the middle of
Piccadilly Circus and I've never seen
this marketing before this is like so
so cool
so we're gonna go and watch dr. strange
is there anything on check this out guys
in the cinema
we are back from the cinema we say
goodbye to Lauren Nick and we are back
at my parents house it's about 1:30 in
the morning and it's been a very long
day but yeah the last day of the
conference was equally inspiring and I
just feel very privileged to have been
able to meet the people I did and we've
been talking a lot tonight about like
what is it like sharing this stuff with
you guys and being there and feeling
like yeah I could really use the
platform I have to promote things and to
shed light and important issues and it's
difficult because you kind of want a
call to action when you see things and
you hear about horrible things happening
around the world the things that we can
change and we can see transforms and you
can see redeemed you know but you kind
of want a call to action you want to be
able to contribute and do something and
know that you're you're having an effect
and there are so many issues covered and
so many different charities and NGOs and
people working against a multitude of
things it's hard to know what-what to
contribute to so I've been thinking like
what is the message I want to give you
guys after these few days of networking
and thinking about world issues and I
guess the thing I want to say is don't
shy away from being uncomfortable when
you're pushed to being uncomfortable and
when I mean uncomfortable I mean like
when you're pushed into a scenario where
you're faced with the uncomfortable
truth of things happening in the world
don't turn a blind eye down you know
shrink into your comfort zone and kind
of escape from it but fate faced it face
to face and it's uncomfortable and it's
upsetting and you know the movie I
watched last night was really harrowing
about you know child sex trafficking in
India but anyway my point is face it and
let that injustice and anger and upset
do something it doesn't you know you
know it doesn't traumatize you I don't
think I think it it it provokes you to
want to do something so and and maybe
that the things that provoke us and
things that touch us the most are
different for each person so we can all
contribute to tackle world's issues in
our own way but I do want to ask you
guys to think and to be open to being
touched and inspired to change the world
because I think we all can so there's my
little message for tonight and I'd be
having a great day and we can continue
this discussion as yeah as a community
and I'd love for you to tell me below
like how do you think we can make a
difference in small ways and what are
the actions we can do in our day to day
life to combat things and yeah right
I'll see you tomorrow we're going to go
down to the venue where we're doing the
live the adventure travel summit in
January we're gonna have a little look
around and show Riya and Laura who
haven't seen it yet and we'll fill you
guys in and some of the on some of the
fun plans we have I don't see in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
