good morning guys we've come down to the
same place we were at last night
when we had dinner really like watching
the sunset to meet up with the SAMS they
are leaving here today but before they
do they've suggested that we go and
explore a temple nearby so we're gonna
we haven't got long but we're going to
go and Trek into the jungle and see what
we can find
so should we follow you in the in the
car okay sweet is Sam coming or not okay
okay we've had this ongoing problem with
our car that just randomly the alarm
keeps going off and the other night we
were at restaurant and during like the
whole meal every like five minutes the
alarm was going off
it's definitely a faulty alarm on this
car
this is what I was talking about so if
you guys are watching yesterday you'll
see that I had a few mishaps with some
of my cameras I lost my GoPro in the sea
and then I splashed my a7s with a bit of
seawater which is like the worst
possible thing you can do to the camera
and the screen is currently not working
so the whole of today's vlog is a bit of
a gamble because I can't see what I'm
filming a lot of loggers won't even film
without a flip screen and these cameras
don't have a flip screen so it's not
that I usually see myself was--and
vlogging anyway but you at least want to
check that you know the exposures right
and check the cameras actually recording
but my screens just black and also the
viewfinder is not working so because I
turned it off but so I don't even know
where that any of this footage is going
to come out I'm hoping it will
that's pretty
so no will there's a way we're getting
upstairs what a dude oh and that's where
we were last night you say there's it'll
be
so I'm not sure exactly what this
building is but it seems like the small
temple thing is is this one here and
this seems like it's still in use this
doesn't look abandoned okay looks like
someone's living here better drying
their laundry oh my gosh is tiny there's
another 100 we can we keep them always
asking me that what it was oh my gosh
it's like a comedy meow
we found the cutest little kitten it's
like a bunch of tiny like 1 month old
kitten oh really yeah good man it's hot
today it's very hot I know your blanket
you had enough seen on you so as well as
my mishaps yesterday guys you will
remember I crashes thrown into a
swimming pool like three days ago
but last night I fired it up and it
seems to be working I haven't taken it
off on a flight yet but I thought we're
better than others our side of a cliff
we've virtually drop in to see
oh my god so we're going to take you out
for a little chest light hopefully is
functioning fine even though it's going
to crash it I think it's going to be
bright if you can free the bus just send
it to my how much hope do you right now
yeah I'm like I'm like no I'm not 80%
certain this is gonna be fine
however you just keep slowly going down
nine eight I'm like seventy I'm like
7000 things right you proven so much
here in my series of videos forgiven
another diaper drone sorry
no way bro that was oh I haven't got any
satellites yet
oh so if you lose signal it's gonna be
like that - at all there you go 9 Louie
way to go brother
I can't believe it works Muffy yeah
DJ I way to go under water in the pool
must now believe that that's amazing
Evans DJI phantom up and going in water
and surviving
well guys that is a relief my drone is
working
despite being dunked into a swimming
pool so if you've ever dropped your
drone into water don't give up hope and
get it working again
why we're not going to see you again are
we so we're going to go to a bid
tomorrow oh brother
oh yeah they're jumping the bikes here I
guess it yeah next time also use lt8
yeah
January yeah so Sawyer and Angelique
have gone to xiangu with the sounds and
some of the girls we were with last
night because I think there's some kind
of concert or event happening there min
Raya however decided to stay and catch
up with some work I'm like few days
behind am i editing something to do that
we spent a bit too much time in the Sun
yesterday and both feel pretty exhausted
and and also we've been kind of all week
just with everyone that's nice to have a
little bit of time today to ourselves so
we're going to head out and get a late
lunch and Troy went somewhere with the
yummy food I think
I found some ones that were hidden there
now so we decided to get takeout and
we've just arrived back home making too
much Gilmore Girls look let's face it
the last administration might have just
as well been running around what's going
on
this is crazy
go crazy you guys there's been like a
few storms here while sitting here but
this is definitely the cradle
I've been a very nice evening 45 super
chair would
got windy so the rain has chilled out
we're making a break for it I'm gonna go
and get dinner it's still like lightning
I can see like storm clouds but it
doesn't seem to be here right now
I think I think it's done for the night
I'm hoping there was a little bit of
flooding inside
we had to mop up because yeah that was
like a flood that was like a flash flood
oh hello this has been our go-to dish
this isn't even on the menu this is just
vegetable pasta
this is not spicy and this is spicy guys
this restaurant has the best music
probably of any restaurant I've ever
been to it's like totally my jam every
song is like jazz hip-hop neo-soul
everything it's so good I've been like
Shazam in the entire night well it's all
about those late night uploads it's 4:30
in the morning and I've just finished
went to my 4G spot
now heading back to the villa it's our
last day in the villa today we're
actually leaving Soren Angelique
tomorrow unfortunately and we're going
to be going to a boot which is like the
kind of hippie chilled area in Bali
which wire's been to before and she
really loves it so so I cannot wait a
lot of you may think I'm mad
staying up this late and losing sleep
and stuff but the reality is actually it
end up feeling more stressed if I'm
super behind on my vlogs and that's why
that's why I'm trying my hardest to stay
up to date I think I'm like 2 vlogs
behind but what I'm going to do is take
some time off in the bird relax
just get some headspace back and and as
usual this time of year we've got just
over a month left of the year I get in
that kind of frame of mind where I'm
just just contemplating and thinking a
lot about next year and coming out of
plans and I'm very excited guys I'm very
excited about life right now so and yeah
things are good and yeah more barley
exploring tomorrow I'll catch you in the
morning peace out enjoy life
The Adventure day
