good morning guys is a glorious day in
Bali and we have arrived at the Sunday's
Beach Club which is just this nice kind
of like resort area where we're going to
be chillin today we're meeting up with
Sam Evans Amer and just relax in the Sun
and I cannot wait I like your hat Riya
look at this thing thank you guys this
is how we're getting down there amazing
this is hilarious
I am so excited about this this speech
is like hidden away in this little
alcove with these cliffs you decide this
is like just absolute perfection
Hey
yes bride I did like me even leave a
pine trees at some point I'm really I'm
really sweaty give me say my little
water it's actually sweat not water bro
this place is sick in there get a
beanbag get an umbrella I think we're
gonna grab some food first and then
comes going cheers guys yeah today is
going to be a good day all right we just
got some food check out soy's burger
they've toasted in their logo and brand
of our that is the core a brand new bun
I've never seen a grounded burger bubble
this is serious camera club isn't it
yeah bro she see this bad boys got 428
to 300 I'm getting it like when I
twenty-eight to 300 it's me my new
blogger so Sam is out here filming a 360
video it's like a branded thing you can
make a video game
yeah and he's cat he's walking around
with his up on his uh someone came up to
me and asked me if I was doing Google
Street View hahahaha
that is a horsy
guys just lost my GoPro in the water
it's a really strong current and I was
like feel me but it slipped out my hand
and then a wave hit me and now it's
somewhere out there Stan went to have a
little look at this Google's but it
sucks so murky and it's just the whole
see best rocks
I go pro find yourself but it didn't
quite work for those controls away fro
show yourself that's not sucks man even
off okay catch you later on yeah ya
think so well it's not my week guys I've
been very careless with my cameras
guys I'm trying to find my GoPro to see
if it's washed up somewhere down there I
still haven't given up hope of finding
my GoPro somewhere washed up on the
beach so I'm trying to have a look now
it's possible it's possible this sea is
so violent it's got a very strong
current as well we were being dragged
out earlier so that probably isn't a
good sign for my GoPro we're doing a
little photo machine that one bro you
and I looking dapper what's that the big
seashell my word goes away to go
how they looking look pretty cool Jackie
try again really
and you're there we're we're successful
by oh shit yeah man I got a sexy one of
you the best is I got a slow-motion shot
of Louie like coming out of the water
like some kind of like mythological
creature shoot the threat it's the
funniest thing ever
guys I feel a bit embarrassed admitting
this after crashing my drone into the
swimming pool the other day
losing my GoPro I've now managed to
splash my a7s with some sea water and
the screen has stopped working which is
a complete nightmare I think when I'm
this clumsy with my equipment is it
clear so I noticed Nitta take a few days
off and have a break because I'm not I'm
not functioning properly
I'm kind of sad guys I really wanted to
go kayaking but the sea was too choppy
and now they're taking the kayaks out ah
this is cheered me up
it's a monkeys to look out on the way
back hey monkey hello hey monkey
the others are terrified of monkeys but
I really like them so happy
hey hey look hey yo cool you're a big
boy
hey buddy hey buddy see later so we're
leaving the beach club now and we are
heading briefly home to get changed and
just cleaned up and stuff and then we're
heading out for a sunset dinner with the
Sam's it's been just what I needed today
guys very relaxing despite the the
camera problems I've left my email and
number in case they find the GoPro
washed up on the beach which I'm still
hoping for but I'm I'm also aware that
might not be the case I know this is the
wrong country but we are loving the
bamboo music right now
it's uh
it's going to be the playlist for the
next couple of days I think
as we wear the other night we are
rushing to catch the sunset so I let
Angela get it Thanks
it's says 20 minutes within to be
getting there are 15 minutes before
sunset can be a good one tonight
so Sam was telling us that this is
apparently one of the best places to
watch the sunset and all of Bali said so
we're all very very excited we're
expecting the best sound so let's say it
so we made it down here before the Sun
set it's a little bit difficult to park
because like I've said in previous vlogs
we don't really drive cars is more
remote paid places as you can see we
found them
fighting away in the corner here
you already said after food is arrived I
managed to get a some kind of creamy
curry coconut cream curry get that right
in there
tato ages and the girls just went and
got some cool like salad Ebola figs
we've had a lovely evening getting to
know a bunch of new people some of Sam's
friends from back in Sydney Bali is a
big tourist destination for Australian
so that this literally so many
Australians here but it's been fun this
be cool Raya was just saying we don't
get to me a lot of new people when we're
traveling which is weird
traveling meet tons of uses for but you
guys are no good see our friends usually
travel with our friends yeah I try to
spend time with them we don't get to
meet and when we stay places we're not
staying in like youth hostels which is
pretty much like the perfect place to
meet people we also don't really go out
to bars and clubs so quickly yeah never
Stan what it's just really the worst
plan for meeting you so anyway it's been
fun tonight have a bit of a change and
this is this is just an amazing location
the sunset didn't really happen like it
was too cloudy by but it's still really
really beautiful and and
is that the sunsets like six right so
we've been here for hours
chillin and chatting like at night and I
was like oh it's movie like midnight now
so much work to do it's 9:30
yeah night babe we've been here for like
hours in the dark chatting this way like
they're the only problem is that means
we ate dinner at 6:00 and I'm really
hungry again so we go probably cool past
and get some food from somewhere some
well guys it is very very late I've been
up editing and also trying to fix some
of the cameras I've broken over the last
few days and I firstly want to say guys
I don't want you to feel like I don't
appreciate the technology that I have
that I have and the value of things I
have I am really gutted I've been so
clumsy the last few days but there is
some good news I think I managed to get
my drone working I just let it dry out
for ages and I was worried the gimbal
was broken by think I mean I haven't
flown it yet but it's connected fine and
the camera seems to be working so
tomorrow I'm going to take out for a
test flight not over the swing ball so I
told everybody that that incident and
but yeah I'm
very happy actually better turn off for
now
also I just watched a video online guys
Casey nice that has finished vlogging I
don't know if you saw it's probably all
over the internet by now because I'm a
few days behind on my vlogs but that's a
big deal he was the top of the daily
vlogging game and yeah it's kind of
crazy there's a lot of daily vloggers
that are just stopping Jesse and Jeana
now Casey I'm not planning on stopping
anytime in the near future but I do want
to change my content up a bit try and do
maybe like a weekly video that's kind of
a roundup of my week try some short form
contents and sit down stuff if you've
got any suggestions of things you'd love
to see on my channel things that would
make you may be tuned in more regularly
please comment below I'm going to go
through all the comments I'll be
replying as well as something I've been
trying to do the last couple of weeks is
actually reply in the comments and
because I do really connect with you
guys more and rather than just kind of
churning out the vlogs it's it's way
more fun when you're actually
interacting with people and that's what
next year is going to be for me it's
trying to work on the community side of
what I've managed to build with the
YouTube channel and stuff and starting
with in January is a lot of you know
they live the adventure travel summit in
the UK but it's going to be there's
going to be a lot more things throughout
the year anyway in terms of content on
the channel
I'd love your opinion on things I could
do and yeah just things that you'd love
to see maybe some more 360 content maybe
yea whatever it is anyway point below
and sweet okay I'm going to carry on for
a little bit trying to fix these cameras
that both both of the screens are broken
right now that's why I'm using the rx100
is long gone all right I'll uh I'll see
the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
