good morning guys again another
incredible day in Cape Town and I'm with
Laura who hasn't been in my books for a
while but she works the LTA offices and
today we are coming down to this and
filing at this place
city rock so one of those other fitness
things I can do I'm trying to find all
the different activities I can do this
to get my fitness levels out so this is
one of them right got the climbing
cheese perfect fit
right we're starting on the bouldering
wall this is where you don't need to do
with the ropes and stuff and then we'll
move on to these like taller sections
I'm not very good at these ones I like
but we'll drink are though the overhang
you're gonna go straight for an overhang
okay now off to a great start just
looking at the color clothing hilly and
purple is the easiest which is for some
reason the blue is purple here but this
is the color coding so we're in the blue
route but I feel like this starting on
that overhang was a bit extreme so we're
going to go for these green grips here
which I'll say a pair for grade all
right guys into the next one how it's
good we both did it
I'm trying to work on my technique so
I'm not using just arm strength which I
usually do when I'm climbing and then I
just run out of energy after like 20
minutes so I'm trying to like keep my
hips close to the wall what's another
tips I need to learn yeah you think of
creative ways to use it
and then I'm trying to put her tits much
weight it's possible on my feet okay
right I'm gonna do this blue one now
okay okay yeah I just tend to just go
for it and then get stuck so before
completely exhausting ourselves in the
bouldering we're going to move on to top
right so we're gonna be harnessed in I
haven't done like harness climbing for a
while
so we're gonna start off easy what do
you think the green one okay this is the
basic wool green straight up no
overhangs just to get back into the
swing of it guys I've got a little graze
I hit a nut with another one of their
like grips oh they're really rough
texture for you to grip onto so yeah you
don't get friction burn from them
okay
so Laura's been belaying me so she's
been like pulling in the slack and then
helping me and then loosening it to let
me abseil down off for the top rope
climbs but I am not qualified or haven't
had the belay training from this place
because obviously it's my first time so
she's doing this one where it's like an
automatic belay and this is like some
kind of ratchet that I guess is pulling
in the slack as she's climbing
it seems kind of terrifying to me but I
guess you can trust it
okay we've come upstairs to this like
gym area but they have all these special
grips for for like training how to hold
and pull your body weight and stuff so
these are like free hanging and then
these are like little ledges I don't
know what the official tempers are got
pull-up bars and then look at these
different grip sites that's so cool
yeah I love how colorful that wall is
thing I'm done guys lost all my strength
so one of the things I'm trying to build
up again and get my strength back slowly
getting there right sorted it's good
workout feeling the tension in my
forearms back home I'm kicking myself
some lunch which as you know this is
kind of a rare thing until we based here
like it's been impossible to kick also
whatever you like cooking but I'm trying
you know and also to be fair ryuk cooked
and on reheating washi tapes but I did
cook some sweet potatoes I put these in
the microwave for 10 minutes and they're
feeling nice and stops I'm just gonna
cut them open put in some vegetable
spread and then I'm going to show you
how we make smoothies with our
nutribullet although our main
ingredients bananas we don't have any
bananas like a lot from this morning's
sake I'm gonna try and make something
without bananas this is what just just
reheat it right made this a vegetable
curry the other day like chickpeas and
stuff oh it smells so good
guys we've just booked tickets for the
Black Panther movie this just just came
out yesterday I think and we were gonna
go at 8 p.m. but we decided to switch
our tickets to 5 p.m. so we can go and
hang out with our friends Alex and Mimi
you excited to see the movie and the
reviews are like amazing literally I
have no doubt I'm gonna freak a little
of it
smart by design with her I make millions
of years ago a meteorite made of
vibranium the strong is the substance in
the universe struck the continent of
Africa toys the movies finished it was
pretty incredible
I'm not gonna lie that was everything I
hoped for amazing action incredible plot
I'm not gonna ruin any of it for you
because you need to go see it
what do you think
go to the movie theater stick around
till after they're like initial credit
just kind of to my little clips and
strikes but the first one is really up
oK we've arrived at dinner Thanks we
have Bulgarian Tomatoes yeah I made the
veggie kabobs and no you're not too big
on salads maybe no I'll give her a guy
well it was another great night with me
me and Alex
we're becoming really good friends are
those guys and drivers just saying as we
were coming in like it already made our
trip to Cape Town so far just having
them around and yeah it's it's it's been
really really cool I don't know if you
guys have that with people sometimes
they just click and you're like oh I
know these guys gonna be really really
good friends that's how we feel and yeah
if you preach he'll day didn't get to
make any smoothies today but I want to
show you guys the routine I've gotten to
with nutribullet like I was saying
earlier we need to go out and get some
of the key ingredients that we're
missing in a moment but you know I've
been good at my kind of kind of upping
my calorie intake getting some good
routine into like my eating which I've
been really bad at in general and yeah
getting fitness in working out yesterday
getting there climbing in today tomorrow
you might even get to do some kayaking I
don't know but I'm on it guys don't
worry and yeah I'll be updating you on
how we're getting on with the Beyond
Borders documentary and the Eddie is
just you know taking time in the moment
and often documentaries I've realized
like people spend years on documentaries
and we're you know in comparison really
putting together stuff pretty quickly
but yeah there's lots of conversations
going on there's lots of work I'm still
assembling a lot of stuff here and
sending it over to Nick who's editing it
and or starting to compile different
bits and we're you know I went over
there the other day and had a bit of a
brainstorm anyway I'll keep you updated
when significant milestones happen but
in the meantime yeah
I'm just yeah slowing down the vlogging
pace like I said and we're trying to do
some fun stuff in Cape Town
tomorrow we're actually going down to
boulders beach to see the Penguins and
that should be a lot of fun we're gonna
go meet Kyle and some other people in
the morning and
have an early start so I'll catch you
then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
