good afternoon guys today we've got a
fun day planned we've just arrived at
the lor to cultural park and we looking
at some pictures this morning and this
place looks insane
like massive statues and Oh sounds like
so much you say you have a little bit of
music a little performance going on in
there as well and Roy is just chilli and
she's got some work to do and then we're
going to pick her up from the cafe after
this and then this off like later this
afternoon we're going to head to the
temple which is like on a cliffside or
something it's gonna be pretty epic
look at these cliffs are not massive
slabs of like lime center stone with
carving yeah they just carved straight
into the cliffs they figure so we
finally found the entrance we're heading
in now first thing we've seen this
awesome
snake he's slithering all the way down
the stairs it's like a cool banister
yeah right
yeah there's a tap on it yeah I don't
know but let they will I don't know if
I'm supposed to turn them on or not
let's save water right to go to the next
bit we need to wear a sarong because
it's a holy temple also look at this
really really weird role women are not
permitted to enter the holy temple
during their menstrual period I don't
know how they can check that check this
dude out yes by they
these people clear up for one second I
get the Snickers shot ever going for it
do you get it kinda there's so many
people I know it's not what I want but
it's still pretty freakin cool just hand
it back off sarongs we're going into the
next area now check this statue out I
think this is my favorite step too right
if you can later on get a drone shot
yeah he's killing it through the valley
all the way to the statue throw we are
on the same page reading the good book
down man there's a bunch of it looks
like pieces of statues but they're like
facade pieces well I think it's a movie
so it looks exactly like a front of the
movie yeah I can I found a movie here
and it may be said you think that was
the original stone statue and they're
like deconstructing it and fortifying it
moving it back up here possibly that's
like that doesn't it like the pipes of a
big statue
unless they're building a super monkey
bird that they're gonna put back there
maybe this maybe they're building the
rest of its body and I've just put its
head here for now very crazy the one we
just saw is definitely real like massive
in bronze I read it online
I can literally pull out this rock it's
very soft
okay guys we've just found something out
which is very interesting so we were
reading this board over here and
basically see this statue and see that
guy with a monkey bird face well that
monkey bird face of that statue the
exact same as this and then we saw on
the board which we'll show you in a sec
but basically they're planning to build
a massive version of this and it's going
to be here so this is the base of it
it's going to be taller than the Statue
of Liberty so here you go guys
there's the artist's impression of the
final statue and this is how big it's
going to be compared to the Statue of
Liberty in the Eiffel Tower that is
awesome
okay we are leaving the cultural park
now we're gonna go meet up with Raya
hopefully she's got no work done holiday
hasn't even like happy I know we still
like the temple at sunset
oh the temples gonna be good yeah yeah
so it's gonna try and take his drawing
up all the footage hope you guys enjoy
it yeah we don't see security only
workers so we're gonna go over here in
between these rocks and hi okay we found
a good spot
epic little shot of that we found a good
spot this is I can want it literally
right here okay this is where we were
just a second ago the other side of
those stairs I think it will help a bit
further
get that roll in right we have picked up
Roya and we are now heading to this
temple we're doing it we should have a
few hours there I'm excited and
apparently the Sam's are down here as
well so they might cruise over and meet
the temple as well
oh did you have a productive morning
very guys I honestly feel like I have
nothing on me
feels good together we've just arrived
these guys are getting gear out the car
I have just spotted a monkey over here
check this monkey out
so because this is a temple we need to
wear Sirhan's again so we just put on
our wrongs I like this green one it's
cool
I brought pear - ah got mobility so he
doesn't need this around thank you
guys check this out
last ones involving yet to see the
seaside so
feels like a whole different
check out these cool gargoyle statue
things those monkeys thanks toe so we're
going up with stairs now I think the
main temples at the top here check down
there guys
SiC
toys taking this drone out again
how's it looking
this sums that it's so epic
so I've got the rx100 doing a time-lapse
here but the monkeys apparently steal
tourists cameras and twine trade them
for food so I'm protecting the camera
because some of the monkeys are like
walking along the wall here but I don't
wanna let them come there this this
cheeky monkey is he's not gonna look in
there
whoa whoa
my tactic for scaring the monkeys away
is to be a gorilla this guy's pretty
brave though ok bye mate those monkeys
they've become so confident around
people
I think because most people spook a
little bit and it scared a monkey is
that the monkeys learn that behavior so
they identify themselves as a dominant
animal but I don't think that's a
reality I think we are the dominant
animal this one with a baby yeah baby
hey baby that looks like a newborn baby
all the monkeys are coming up to play
this is like monkey time at night hey
buddy how you doing
ha
that was a pretty incredible experience
guys thank you I love monkeys
they autumn we've now come to our
favorite restaurant for dinner right I'm
going to let you guys in on the secret
life after dark of daily vloggers or
Internet at this house isn't really fast
enough that was uploaded from so I found
a spot nearby that has fast 4G
connection on my phone so I'm taking
story there now for lunch and we're
gonna and we're going to upload this
vlog and then I have to come back later
as I examine finish editing yet but it's
just down the road like five minutes
away well I mean soya have done all
editing for the night and I'm going to
head to bed soon tomorrow we are going
to a beach club and we're hanging out
with the SAMS finally we were going to
meet open them for dinner tonight but
then end up happening in the end but
we're going to go and chill on the beach
do some stand-up paddleboarding maybe
some kayaking and just have a lovely day
I'm hoping the weather is going to hold
up because I heard some thunder earlier
so it was not raining all day catching
the morning peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
