good morning guys I've just jumped in
the car I split off from Sawyer and
Angelique and Raya and I'm heading on my
way to meet up with the boys Josh and
Sam and some others to go and explore an
abandoned theme park in Bali
they've been out here for a few weeks
exploring all sorts of abandoned things
and today I get to join them she's gonna
be pretty epic
right the guys have just arrived
hey den Josh man how you been yeah good
man
have you been enjoying Molly we've been
doing crazy stuff in Bali yeah like
insane stuff this is our third abandoned
place we're doing in Bali it's a theme
park so it's gonna be pretty interesting
place you've done yeah fourth place yeah
not here are you looking barley coded
yeah I am loving it like the lizards
that crawl in our room at night other
than that it's like perfect hahaha these
dogs needs to chill out
hey hey you haven't met these guys yet
this is Christian and Laura
they've been out in Bali since buffer
festival right you would came straight
here whoever is that like three weeks
ago today using it for a bell yeah -
yeah like yeah yeah yeah awesome you got
another week here we're gonna gili
islands right now sweet so you've been a
little squad you guys in Sawyer and
Angelique and everyone's like different
filming styles do so bright like
different tastes of the trip yeah yeah
it's fun yeah it's fun traveling with
other filmmakers other youtubers like
it's because you've all got the same
thing that you want to be doing you want
to be like exploring and filming it and
I'm looking forward to today it's gonna
be pretty awesome
definitely so Sam's meeting us here
separately but he just contacted us
saying that he's he dropped the wrong
pin and the the right location is
actually 20 minutes from here so back in
the car
yes yes bro let's go right we're paying
off these random dudes so him get in
there completely not legit this they've
got a security number
just just stick security on your t-shirt
we should do this we'd clean up I go man
going in high fives all around
high fives oh no it's the best security
so I don't know the history on this
place just probably knows this can ask
Josh he does research and stuff so in
1997 this place opened up its it was
first was a softcore like opening so it
was pretty much just to show people like
this is what we're building and stuff
I'm it was it was pretty much a
businessman grouped up with the Pahlavi
government to build this place but in
2000 and an epidemic crisis and also
business dispute and that's all we could
I could find on it online but I checked
multiple that I just abandoned the
building of vessel because they couldn't
get the funds to put the rides in they
just left at a banding so what we're
seeing is just everything that's
unfinished just wrong like 2000 from
2000 Wow it's very interesting so let's
have a let's have a little look around
fine
so this has been abandoned 16 years yeah
it looks older than that wow this is
crazy guys this dome you can see from
all the way down the street as we rely
on our way here so guys I was just in
this room here which seems to be some
massive kind of big auditorium and I
just fell down this hole and I was
filming but as I fell the camera hit and
I guess it deleted the clip which is the
noise I let my listen now I need a torch
now whenever I'm going into dark places
so sound found a way upstairs joining
this is mad
yeah yes mr. owl so they're about to
take a drone up through this arch right
here I'm kind of sad guys I tried my
drain this morning if you watched
yesterday's vlog you see that I crashed
in the swimming pool stupidly B I tried
it this morning and it's it's not
working I don't know if I'm gonna be
able to fix it this place has been
trashed isn't it God knows what's
happening yeah josh is completely
disappeared he probably fell down the
same hole I fell down guys my camera is
overheating so I'm gonna let it cool
down a bit I switch to this one
I've got a question you like the glide
shots on this Steadicam do you like
smoothness of them or do you prefer it
kind of just raw and basic with the old
hand the hell'd I'd love to know I kind
of like a mixture but they also I'm
interested what you guys think it really
intrigues me somewhere like this because
somewhere like the UK or the state this
kind of like real estate like having a
big plot of land like this I'd imagine
would be quite valuable especially to
like I don't know do some kind of resort
it's like right by the ocean I would
have thought someone would in the last
16 years would have brought it up and
started building hotels and out with
something tonight it's crazy to me that
it's just sitting here and also whoever
owns it like surely they could think of
something cooler to do with it I love
these traditional like stone carving
things and they look like any integers
yeah I can only guess what some of these
buildings are Oh sketchy
is this place feel like maybe I've just
wondered next door extent Lee
guys I almost did it again always fell
down there because sketch the Flores Wow
it's like it's like sand
maybe it's bat droppings No
the humidity levels are off the chart
I'm just it's ripping head to toe that's
okay
loads of bats oh my gosh you see him yes
check him out
it's just chilling there's so many of
them okay guys I'm going to make a run
for it through the bathroom whoa
I know where I have no idea where I am
now no idea all right I'm gonna go and
try and find the others finally found
Josh
we've been wild and everything that the
cave looking house know oh my god hold
for a tunnel of bats though you did I
heard about it even you I ever seen were
using my team yet this is mad this is
the fun thing about like filming
together is that you go inside a
mosquito in your head okay bro I got it
and it's flat with blood it likes very
much
Oh what's down here we've been down
there
I never been down there yet I'm gonna
try and get down out of all the people I
met up with and after Louie we got this
okay bro this is sick he's crazy
not all these intricate stone carvings
like ways that it's like we're in the
main temples man hey so didn't it you
know what's cool about this place dog
bar is on the ground really makes this
like look nice yeah this is and it's
just all overgrown yeah yeah Nikki
rolled it over it's so pretty though
isn't it when nature like reclaims like
a building yeah
was it like that when you went to
Chernobyl yeah half of it half of it was
armed there was so much buildings that
like during I went during the winter
yeah even during the winter when all the
grass and like everything was pretty
much dead like the lease fell you can
still like barely see it because the
vines were covering buildings and it
made its an a crazy experience man I
need to go and though you need to do it
everyone a lot of my friends have done
it yeah oh yeah this is it this is like
this cave looking house I was at oh yeah
ask identity josh is the prior exploring
I tried to be
full-time being here because though I
store there's a snake in the other place
the Ceylon well soya showed me the snake
that he found in there on a snake in the
hotel yeah
what's been the coolest abandoned thing
envelop in Bali so if all I do hands
down at those Palace Hotel yeah dude
it's like a gym have you seen Swiss
video yeah it's so good for me so I was
waiting to find someone who would want
to climb the volcano with me he found
him
and luckily who's the one it's okay yeah
I don't know how to start but I I think
I just want you to leave man I'm so glad
that you're s crazy Crazy's me yeah
weird a god right she suggested we climb
up this like fake volcano so we got up
the first bit I think that was the
hardest bit to get up I can't believe
this whole like Hill is man-made I think
it's like hollow inside
yes not big man oh well I don't want
this thing to collapse beneath us again
like if this is like some hidden room at
the top of a volcano oh my god you're
gonna flip man no way this is amazing
well guys I made it to the top of the
volcano that was that was pretty
difficult I have to climb up a branch
covered in red ants and now I'm like oh
I'm bitten all over I think it's worth
it for this view check this out
I think I've convinced Josh to come up
you coming up Josh okay
Josh has decided not to come up so I'm
gonna abseil down this random cable I
found I'm hoping this is strong enough
it's only got one knot in it but it is
metal so I think this will hold my way
I am bitten to shreds this is probably
like the worst I've ever been bitten a
mosquito bites ever oh yeah
I'm just at an agony unless it's the red
maybe it's the red ant bite something
feeling yeah this looks like an easy way
down okay check this out
what is this that's all flipped out how
it builds around a huge tree oh that is
awesome and what I like about um what
they do here I don't know why but they
actually dress up the stones and like
there are people here we finally made
our way back out I desperately need a
drink so we're gonna get on our I
couldn't need a drink more oh god I did
it that's 100 ice cold oh that's great
right unfortunately I've had to leave
the others I am heading back to meet up
with Raya and soy and Angelique the
evening today was amazing guys I cannot
believe that place it was just just so
fun to go around I do really love
exploring abandoned things
and don't forget to check out all the
other guys that was hanging out with
I'll link them below in the description
very very inspiring their content is
yeah
just epic epic stuff especially Josh and
Cody you need to check them out our link
impaired and yeah I'm going to end my
vlog early actually so I'm going to
start chilled evening and not have to
think about filming and stuff and just
enjoy some quality time with my friends
so I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and let the
Adventure Bay
