good morning guys we are leaving our
beautiful Villa and we're heading out to
lunch we're actually meeting back up
with Jack and Lauren who we met
yesterday for the first time but we got
on so well and we were talking about
some really exciting plans together that
we thought we should probably meet up
again today so they're heading over from
Kengo and their moped and yeah we need
to select a cool place to chill and I'm
very glad that it's not as rainy today
guys how cool is this car oh my gosh we
can get one yeah we get three yeah we
were just driving past this coffee shop
and I feel we should probably stop and
check out this looks
always smells good as well this smells
like really good coffee
do you can smell that smell that's
really good coffee guys these coffee
beans were grown in barley
and it's delicious delicious coffee
here's a clear sign of a good coffee
place if it's advertised as a speciality
coffee place that means something okay
that means it's not commercial great
coffee its speciality guys we're gonna
go and see if we can find the puppy
they've literally done this every day oh
he's there she's there hello puppy hello
hello we found them hello much Molly
Molly
it's a happy
Jack and Lauren have arrived hey guys
you ready for delicious food
see guys we just popped into an estate
agents to see if we could buy some land
out here to build a treehouse on so
we're just finding all about how it
works and looking at prices and stuff
this is fascinating
so we have just driven down the road to
a waterfall that's nearby I think Sam
Evans and Sam URP came to this waterfall
last week for sunrise but we didn't do
them because I don't get up at sunrise
that we've come down here now it might
be quite busy
who knows we're going to get out this is
awesome I just want to go swimming by
the frame I swim again so I go
skinny-dipping
on some sketchy bamboo bridge
so apparently because it's rainy season
right now waterfall is like way crazier
than usual Oh for the
the work being uh struggling today
photos because the lenses gay like other
in and also these bridges here these
bamboo ones we just walked across these
aren't usually here but I'm so jealous I
wish I had my swimming shorts
I really want to go in
this is cool
this is a pretty epic war cool guys
with no one is slipped from hand I fell
out
right we're following this path we don't
know where it goes but it's all part of
the adventure you have no idea what this
is like brand new stairs we're saying
maybe there's like a plot of land up
here for sale sorted this week perfect
the top of the waterfall it's like just
a normal it's just like a normal like
Road hello hey wow this is like the back
entrance to the waterfall we've decided
we're too lazy to walk all the way down
the waterfall and are the other side so
I'm just going to pay this kid to take
me to the for the entrance and the other
side thanks man
thank you yeah what's a legend
oh that was a lot of fun as yeah that's
a lot easier than walking down on that
the valley
it is funny though because they're
literally over there I could probably
see them just by those palm trees and
the horizon there was a successful plan
mission success
Kirstin look at the sky beautiful save
you from them so we've come out for
dinner that's Indian restaurant I'm very
excited
oh my god what is this good these are
everywhere we don't really know what
they are
we had a lovely dinner Jack and Lauren
are heading back to their place and
we're leaving a bit well we're not
leaving the birds were going back up to
our villa
but tomorrow we are we're leaving the
Virgin hi tomorrow's our last day but I
think we've we've had a good day today
I'm very happy we saw the waterfall that
was like one of the things I was very
keen to see before leaving Bali and it's
been difficult with all the rain and
stuff
it's been a good day in there I'm
thinking hopefully we can maybe see the
rice fields tomorrow even if we're just
like drive through and pop out quickly I
think if we if we wake up a little bit
earlier than we yeah I'm aiming that we
shouldn't go to bed at 5:00 then yeah
maybe it's all right um I will catch you
guys in the morning
and we're kind of gonna make the most of
tomorrow we're gonna go and see Sam
we're gonna catch them again for lunch
hopefully and yeah see them peace out
enjoy life and live the Adventure Bay
