we can place the breakfast look at this
in same food have a got a toast this is
like vegan pancakes what the vegan bang
cakes made out of and then we've got
these smoothie bowls and a copy and also
look how people rise new dresses okay
hey buddy
prezzie later all right back on the
moped I'm getting a little bit better at
this Fry's not so sure we are heading
something quite exciting now a while ago
I watched a TEDx talk about this lady I
can't remember her name but she is
building a bunch of stuff with bamboo
out here because it's basically the most
the fastest growing sustainable building
material and she's built a school and
there's some other stuff as well
but someone from the school that works
there reached out to us today on Twitter
and invited us to come and have a tour
so that's where we're going then I hit
there now hopefully grab a little bit
lunch before we go in but I'm really
excited because from what I've seen this
is like epic architecture and the whole
vibe of places like about looking at
ways to build sustainably because our
planets in not a great state and yeah we
we need to find new ways of doing things
so it's the innovation I'm quite excited
about so let's go and check it out
we have arrived I don't know a lot about
this school so we're going to find out
one of the teachers like I said is
invited us so she can give us a lowdown
a little tour the Green School this is
Kara she's the ones that invite us over
hello
oh my gosh check this place out is this
all like local projects don't we have
our own farm yeah Wow these sandwiches
come served in banana leaves how could
this ever he's gonna give us a little
bit of a background info thing on where
we are it's a key to a school built in
2008 all right Cassandra is John Carney
John in Scindia party there joy
designers from Canada who has been
residing in Indonesia in Bali
particularly since about 1970 oh cool
and it was her it was his daughter that
I saw the TEDx talk on she's like one of
the architects that does all the bamboo
stuff whoa where I do not look up that
is a massive massive spider so the
mission of the school is a community of
learners grading in this eatable world
so the school itself is mainly focus on
of sustainability environment
and changing the world and in this
building alone there are about like
seven kilometers of bamboos Wow how cool
is this right you're getting so much
inspiration right now
I would have loved to go to high school
it's really cool what I would further
it's really focused when I'm like
slightly like burned out like and just
like my fantasy trees really there's
something very like therapeutic about
nature isn't there
this is like a massive you know these
like bamboo wind trying to get this is
like a better version of that hairspray
how sick is this is awesome so do you
guys enjoy going to the school yes I
went from the city life back here okay
here yeah
that's not something you often hear
people saying how much they love school
say and is this where they're growing
vegetables here the gardener's and
students together
oh this is my right here the chili Roy
can I
which one's good one of these little
ones okay let's see how spicy this chili
is that's pretty good another
Oh
here every day with me and my three
other teachers this is so beautiful
basically this is like a crystal that
like the founder got and I think I don't
know from my knowledge I think you like
does something that with water and like
all our water goes up to some pump over
there and it's like we have it in the
galas it right well that's where I'm at
fixed in water this is like for healing
purposes yeah well I don't know I don't
know yeah yeah yeah so it has like a
spiritual a spiritual meaning rather
than like a scientific Wow mini car duel
is fun well see ya guys cool
yeah we actually have a program with bio
bus assisted initiative and the program
collects a use cooking oil from
restaurants and hotels around food and
chungu and they process it into the
molecule we actually just opened the
pump station last week it's the person
individually for 105 stitches and it
works instead of diesel doesn't it you
can use instead of danger so let's build
by the biofield of us so it's made
byproduct of that is cooking all
processes action glycerine and they they
use it to make biosilk so we also have
soaps that are made of use cooking oil
here in our campus yes no this guy has
own company yeah oh yeah I do um tell us
about your company basically what I did
because Green School has a um they have
like us like oh you have to make a
project for grade a right fir has to do
with social justice or sustainability so
what I did is I started selling
handkerchiefs right to raise money for
the for the organizations that are doing
something to stop the fires and
Kalimantan without hair and like save
orangutans because they're endangered
yeah so I'm still working on that right
now actually we are making a lot of maps
with places on them so if you guys want
a souvenir there in the shoulder how
order you got 14 March is amazing round
tie against Croatia
I know mercy without a 34 that haven't
done codes to that oh yeah
and how old are they they're fine
boy so one of the coolest things I think
about this school is that some of the
classes are very different from what
we're used to so for example the eighth
graders last year they actually built a
bridge instead of like having normal
math class where you just sit down and
write out equations all day they have to
figure out how to like build a bridge
that would sustain weight and stuff and
obviously that all takes math but it's
just really cool they're actually like
putting to work what they're learning I
just think that's so cool and it's for
me that would like totally help me
remember things better like actually
doing stuff instead of just reading a
textbook and like doing a pop quiz
gentleman just actually putting that
stuff to work I think is the best way to
for kids to really remember what they're
learning I love that in front of each
classroom is a garden so oh these kids
are learning how to grow fruits and
vegetables and stuff and there's their
classroom right there
this is gotta be the coolest bridge of
ever one kids will have a class here on
the bridge they could also have like
dinners this bridge was used for like a
big dinner party owes like 150 people
let me
a court or Bianca Zidane circle and
we'll jump together in this bridge to
just show the suspension so you can feel
like the bounce yeah okay we're holding
hands
ready okay sonic ah no treats one two
three yeah that's strong
Wow and it's purely bamboo so I was
wondering whether this place was like a
powered by sustainable power like solar
power but it isn't solar power it's
finish it was lowered by a logistic
companies yeah and half of it is part by
solar system solar panel and now I think
we're almost there to being completely
independent almost 100% Wow check this
out
that is not honestly I think this is the
most inspirational visit to any location
I've ever had like not just where we are
and what's going on here but like the
kids that are showing us around like
just oh my gosh this is mind-blowing
check out this solar panel guide we've
come inside the building now this is the
heart of the school right this is the
heart of the school building and it is
absolutely phenomenal
these BAM banners yeah
their bandanas their handkerchiefs
terrset see you guys for guessing that
one great visualization yeah so if you
guys can support us yeah man up food
water Adam we gonna yeah so for a good
cause having people buy these online
oh we're Sunnah making an online store
so check us out it wwt RI handkerchiefs
calm july yeah that's right like it all
right now and these are helping to save
your anything ot right
yeah guys Ryan tanks are losing their
habitat rapidly let's save them
so I'm rocking a bandana
I might rock this for the rest of the
time here actually because I'm super
sweaty so it's like stop sweat dripped
down your forehead and it looks pretty
stylish all right the girls have been
showing us around and leaving us thanks
so much
that was honestly amazing guys Sam Evans
has just pains me a Facebook message
saying he's outside so we're going to
try and find them
that's hoping we could hang out at them
and get some dinner but and that didn't
happen
here he is yeah hello made this when do
you land today crazy we're trying to
figure out a plan for tomorrow Sam's
just told me that they're going at
sunrise to go and find a waterfall at
like 4:00 in the morning about 5:00 in
the morning you nutter but yeah I was
like bro are you up editing right now
and he was like yep and I'm like I'll be
there in five yeah
I don't know I'm going to join you
sunrise but we should definitely make a
bit for Claire
well it's 2:00 a.m. it's time to head to
bed and like I'm saying earlier today
has been incredible super inspiring and
I'll link all the stuff below and I'll
link the TED talk as well that you can
go and check out the bamboo like
architecture stuff and sustainability
it's a bit will info on what we saw
today and the project something there
and yeah more fun exploring tomorrow
peace out
enjoy life and live adventure the
