good morning guys we are in Bali we
landed yesterday evening and I was like
completely wiped out
we had a full night's sleep I'm feeling
realised and ready to explore
we're here with Sawyer and Angelique and
we're about to get some breakfast yes
bro oh I like that all right check this
out guys this is red right I don't even
have had this before this is like way
healthier than white rice right is this
better for you than white rice is it
better than white rice different and
then I've got a green curry here oh yeah
are you guys enjoying this yeah good
other with you like 30 minutes now I
don't like the new lease on life I feel
good I probably have gotten like a
double cheeseburger with bacon and onion
rings like for breakfast kill anyone
to the right direction yeah
all right story and Anjali are heading
off Soria is about to get a tattoo on
his arm that I'll show you later when he
gets back but it's pretty cool
apparently found a very good local
tattoo artist we are getting some food
on our way back to the villa and we've
stopped by the fruit section at this
market look it's crazy fruit I think
these are called rambutan
yeah rambutan but what are these feel
like snakeskin
we never seen as you thought what
what is that guys what is this and these
are dragon fruit if you haven't seen
these before these are very cool and
they got any good mangoes we have to
taste it to see
okay what's going on man I just got
robbed by the Bali Police no you didn't
I did no joke I got robbed by the police
what happened in Bali wherever have it
on camera they tried to take my camera
too I was like sorry for my language
I'm usually a nice person robbed by the
police how I got a tattoo as well robbed
by the police what happened that they
pulled us over yeah
they flagged us down we didn't wanna
stop but I got in the road and they were
like um we need your driver's license so
I gave it to him yeah and then they're
like oh this isn't and this isn't a Bali
driver's license I was like I don't have
a Poli driver's license like obviously
I'm a tourist they're like you need a
bali driver's license it's a million
rupiah's and then they were like and
you're also not wearing helots that's
250,000 roofie is each it's 1.5 million
rupiah and you can go pay us I was like
I don't have that cash and they were
like go to an ATM we'll go with you and
I was like no absolutely not I don't
even have an ATM card and he's like show
me that you don't have the money so I
pulled my wallet and I only have two
hundred thousand it's literally like
that he takes and goes go
you just took them ano no I that's crazy
right that's crazy
compassion I just got a tattooed on my
body okay compassion maybe they do that
because they have family members back
home yeah yeah the food who really need
the money and that's all I can hope to
not get angry but I just got robbed by
the bali police if not now it's probably
about time you go do something I'm just
easing into this trip because you know
time zones jetlag just generally felt
felt quite exhausted before getting here
so I'm taking it easy but we have got
plenty of time over the next couple of
weeks to explore
first off we're going to go get some
lunch another vegan place down the road
I think it's my mission to test as many
of these like vegan places as possible
and there's quite a few and also good
news we have a moped to take out on some
adventures so member I going to jump on
that together through barley transport
and
I'm ready I'm ready oh it's fun we made
it
I wanna have a closer look at soy tattoo
that your area yeah there it is
compassion that way and then comparison
Harrison that ashen over comparison
always yeah sure you guys know so
compassion like your definition of
compassion isn't like being nice feel it
shared suffering you know it's no matter
what people are going through allowing
yourself empathize with that too that
you can share that pain to know
cool man other people you get real
compassion if you focus on yourself for
what other people have you don't its
comparison
yeah if I ever get a tattoo I want
something meaningful that I can message
it this is great copy that very very
good perfect Wow yeah I like this that's
good right lunch has arrived I have a
green burger look at that it's actually
green I don't think I've had a green
burger was in China
we have those at McDonald's in China
no no way yeah sweet sweet potato fries
all that great thought that sort of
amazing I Steve a different yeah quite
hot guys check this out this is the
coolest thing I've ever seen the sink is
a bicycle that is very very cool so the
plan now is we're going to place called
Echo beach I put my drone in this
backpack and Riya is going to carry it
on the back of the moped this is the
cool Beach we enter yeah so there's like
a main beach where the like locals go
the waves are so big this is where they
sent us are a little smaller but we just
happen to shake most beautiful sunset
we've seen ever and we're not sure
whether we gonna get sunset tonight is
pretty cloudy but it's worth heading
down there anyway it's cool to watch the
surfers yeah it's like little cafe right
on the beach
okay nice tabhi nice you look so badass
with that hell man
these are you know these arise favorite
flowers I love this Anjali you can dry
your both got these like massive
Batcopter a daily vloggers girlfriend
yep the live you to bed
we have arrived
this is cool
no other people surfing yeah and this is
the book where this isn't where we went
this is like a real okay okay so he's
doing some surf photography he's got a
time to converter with a 70 to 200 mil
lens which makes it four hundred million
this visitors yeah been been recommended
after his uh Arctic blogs
I definitely want to come down here
one day this week and go out surfing
that's my aim I think this is going to
be a nice temperature and these waves
look pretty big but I think I think I
can do it I think I can do that like
back and forth and like flying up in the
air thing but I think I can just ride
and straight that's my that's my aim
this week guys
unfortunately there wasn't an epic
sunset but I did massively enjoy flying
my drawing around was the surface where
as in a few ways
I think we're going to cruise back to
our villa now just before gets too dark
and then we'll make a bit of a plan for
the evening
I love these surfboard racks on the
moped it is awesome
doesn't start to cool way to transport
your surfboard to go surfing
did you get that yeah I got that
could you imagine hitch oh no what when
his just chill there on the throttle so
when we went out earlier on the mopeds
with Raya on the back it was a little
bit wobbly I was just still getting used
to it so she's not entirely comfortable
being a hostage right now I think it's
going to take a few days just to feel
chilled with it but I had to shoot down
here before they closed so she's walking
back and I'm going to cruise back on the
moped I feel a bit bad but I don't know
what to do
what why are they chasing you that was
crazy guys Raya was walking back and I
had to quickly pick her up because
there's wild dogs don't like barking
like you're nuts
and yeah they wouldn't let walk past
without trying to attack her so I
rescued her basically so everyone's gone
to bed
I am battling the jet lag I have managed
to edit and I was like editing half
asleep and falling asleep and my laptop
and if I don't get the jet lag down I'm
gonna be either sleeping in in the
morning or having to nap in the
afternoon which is going to mean I'm
gonna have less time to one less time to
explore when I was here it lets time to
explore the area and this is like I
don't want to miss out here this is just
unbelievable right I will catch in the
morning we're going to try meet up with
Sam Evans and Sam URP are flying in I
guess from Australia make a landing
tomorrow so they know this area a bit
better than we do and they've got some
cool suggestions of places to go maybe
we'll find something fun to do in the
afternoon that's the current plan all
right catch the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
