there's
good morning guys
welcome home Kong we just flew for like
15 hours from LA and I didn't have an
exit row so it was a challenge but we
survived and we've now got a two and a
half hour layover before jumping on a
flight to Bali and I cannot wait well
thankfully I managed to get a little
massage quickly in the lounge got some
breakfast and now we are jumping on our
flight I don't know the name of the
airport we're flying into do you know
the name of the airport we're playing at
it is in Bali
basically
then Denpasar is boarding now so then
myself
if your timing
thank you
yeah we got some good seats for proper
legroom on some soil
you're mad about to do is in the fly
we're gonna try to regroup I
if this doesn't work we can do
individual photos
they were
so we have landed in Denpasar Bali
Indonesia and I'm excited I'm excited
that all flights are over and amazingly
that wasn't as bad as than as fires
anticipating but
I feel good though glad that it's it's
finished and now we are going to find a
way to go meet Sawyer and Angelique at
our Villa that they're waiting at we
don't know whether to get a taxi or
whether we should rent or we're going to
go figure it out now so I managed to get
a SIM card which is my first priority
when I land places I've got twenty eight
gigabytes of data very happy about that
and we've also rented a car for the week
I know a lot of places I've read it's
better to get around on scooter I think
because we've got bags and there's four
of us and we want to go and explore
different places I feel like this would
be the better option but we'll we'll see
we'll see at the end of the week see how
much we used it alright this is going to
be our car for the next week
that's the one
so it may have worked out cheaper
getting taxis from place to place but
the freedom of having your own car for
me is unbeatable
it means at any point without much
planning we can just do spontaneous
things we can stop off and be like oh
let's check out that waterfall if we're
somewhere really remote we don't have to
be dropped off there if it starts
raining we're not gonna get caught on on
little scooters like Raya did last time
she's here I think this is the good
she'll be excited to be here I'm like
literally the second I got here last
time I was like movie needs to see this
I can't wait to it one of my favorite
places ever thank you
Oh change like those awkward encounter
okay right so Erin Angelique never met
us in the plane ride that drive took a
little bit longer than we hoped but
we're here now and I'm hungry and I'm
excited about seeing your villa
are you hired for your trouble
where you coming from la la are you it's
like a 26-hour what we have really good
news yeah oh so excited you guys are
here but we didn't diss their 26-hour we
did economy not even legroom that's what
we did it was like Krampus oh you're a
lot bigger than I am I can you know like
crawl up in a ball that cata me oh my
god is gonna join up graduate school oh
oh I'm cool I want to shade it okay you
guys gonna love it my help in your bag
I'm so excited
where's our stood guys did they left you
or that he went to Komodo dragon Island
today
which I can go cuz I wrecked a
motorcycle and they said like the Komodo
dragons and smell the blood and then we
going to eat that go yeah and take me
out that's not too but I made a admitted
tattoo appointment for tomorrow morning
um yeah 11 a.m. so he's gonna show us in
whoa
yes how much the seed is holding four
bedrooms massive kitchen our own pool
110 us and night Wow so feel free take
either this bedrooms we just had got
what I wait kitchen Oh air conditioned
oh my god amazing and we have scooters
for us too so yeah it's nice
oh this is great
I told you literally the second I landed
last no idea
Louie yeah things are so cheap here like
oh I need a message that so I donated
$10 for an hour and a half no at the end
of this room yeah already God what I
need I need no it's a walk on my
buttocks right now so this is the living
room right yeah this is really nice
right just like mind blown that this is
cinching we guess what we have a fridge
there big lizard soon as I get close
yeah I can see one I don't know but
there's one like this big huh yeah all
right we're gonna head out and find some
dinner
so Raya spotted this as we were driving
in we're going to go and check it out
so many geckos I love it
Claire
frickin adorable
this is really here food has arrived
this is my two bowls of mixed vegetables
I've got some more food coming you guys
like in this place I really look at in
the weight room
bow bow bow bow mate right mean sort of
been up for a few hours just editing off
vlogs vloggers life yeah this is this is
every night obviously the light we saw
outside started raining literally has
been lightning thundering for like an
hour I say oh yeah change the room
without getting rained on Oh see the
morning right is so wet
yeah look at their slimy
whoa
I love it so apparently it's rainy
season in Bali right now I didn't even
like that but I think that just means it
rains every couple of days or maybe like
this like flash storms during the
afternoons and then it's unabated like
other like ah it's still so good to be
here and experience them I've been a
zombie since I learned it because my
body blocks just totally right but this
is a very cool Villa and check these
tennies called geckos out every end
politically hanging out the thing I love
about get those is that they eat flies
and mosquitoes and with the little bugs
that you don't want hanging around so
they're looking out for us right I will
show you around a bit all tomorrow and
yeah it's going to be really cool time
with so and Angelique I'm really
pepsiman woman seeks out enjoy your job
