good morning guys we are in Long Beach
and we come back to this Berlin bistro
that we were eating at last night to get
some breakfast before we head back up to
LA how you guys doing today last night
Donald Trump got elected as president no
it's a bit of a weird day we're all
feeling a little bit weirded out by all
about what it means that's on a good
night we got a prototype yeah we got a
few of us I think Alex Margaret have to
head off quickly now but and the carry
Araya are gonna go to an aquarium before
we head back up have a little tour and
yeah we got some plans later on trying
to keep our minds off
here we are the Aquarium of the Pacific
I'm really excited guys we haven't got
long before we need to head back up to
LA but we're gonna have a bit of a tour
around this aquarium and we're gonna see
a bunch of the like exhibits here and
learn as much as we can we did have an
opportunity to potentially dive into one
of the tanks but we have more time
unfortunately
and also Kerry hasn't got a hair like
scuba diving full application so maybe
next time
we're a non-profit educational
organization we focus on teaching people
about the environment and what they can
do to calm down venture program doctor
why
we see whales year-round right now we're
getting close to great whale season they
migrate to Mexico to give birth to their
baby
you can actually see them
one of the things on my bucket list guys
is to be able to swim with a whale I've
done a whale shark but I'd love to I
don't need to be white next though I
don't know how dangerous a although we
don't be underwater and see
a blue whale I mean look at the size of
that it's like twice the length of the
bus what we found
oh my god that's so beautiful
they're getting a behind-the-scenes tour
right now this is Chris
what Apple only were the very first
invertebrates we put on the endangered
like it has to be here like I have no
idea these guys are big like these ones
we saw in the Moldy swimming around
whoa what's under here yeah coming
behind the scenes of this of the penguin
they may come out of the water but let's
go see oh this is Henry down here these
are
20 a tree has a green band he's one of
the four
and he's gonna be rerelease towards
their possible
you think they know how keep they are
Jenny the signing never does my brain is
making areas
I wasn't expecting that today good
today like I was saying we could have
dived in this aquarium so we're
definitely going to come back down to
Long Beach like probably early next year
when we're spending more time in
California all I've heard about this and
these don't stain these days oh so these
are this this is like really hard for my
bucket list
Wow and died it's like a pink place
right jellyfish lake and it's full of it
this is the species
so that was a very short visit but kind
of incredible I can't believe we got to
play with penguins that's like a bit of
a dream situation right there and we got
invited back to if we want to go out on
a trip to see wild whales or rescue
turtles like they do a bunch of stuff
throughout the year so early next year I
think that is the plan we're gonna come
down and and do some rescue work on some
environmental work with them which will
be pretty epic and if we nice to do it
in the open city as well like out away
from this small fish tanks let's give
that aircon pumpin well I've been
chilling back Alex and Marcus house and
I'm now gonna skate down to a bikini and
I'm gonna get a
a coffee intelligentsia this is like my
favorite coffee shop in LA I can't
believe is so close to where they live
so warm guys
like the perfect evening to treasure
hello I could get very used to this guys
is a great story
to the whole crews back together we are
walking it down to its food Cafe
Gratitude and then the big plan for
tonight is we're going to be hanging our
Jesse and Jerome's coming over and we're
going to because and we're getting ready
I started I started has changed to never
have no fullness it's been a struggle
and as precious as they are today well
I'm going for a little walk just to chat
to you guys a little bit about the
American election about twenty four
hours ago
Donald Trump was elected as president of
America I think my vlogs were a day
behind as well so this this is gonna be
a couple of days after it happens but
yeah everyone obviously very shocked
yeah just total shell-shocked like I'm
not even American but I understand the
ramifications of what has happened and
all day I've it's weird I've been quite
emotional I've not felt quite close to
tears like felt like on the brink the
messages and attitude that Donald Trump
has portrayed during the election
process and the campaign's leading up to
now have been even if media's kind of
exaggerated it or just picked out the
worst parts there's no denying it's been
absolutely horrifying that someone is
now in a position of being the most
powerful person on earth with this much
hatred towards other people with this
much like vindictiveness and like
there's no grace there's no like
tolerance there's no understanding it's
its total ego total pride maybe there's
some positive things I don't know about
him maybe there's some good things he
can do for America but in general the
the vibes I get and the message that
he's communicating is definitely
something should be people should be
scared about and I don't know how
I don't know how people are gonna move
forward from here without feeling like
in a lot of ways America's gone
backwards you know I think the first
thing that hit me was that I'm living a
complete bubble like everyone I know
everything I read online from every
media outlet every social media platform
doesn't like the fact that Trump's just
got in I know there's some like
Republican right wing news shows in the
states like Fox News whatever that's Pro
Trump but like literally everything else
I've ever read or seen videos clips
Facebook everything is is not a fan of
this I think the people I'm probably
most worried about our is not you know
me or other middle-class white men but
the the minorities and the vulnerable
people that have been attacked this
entire time by the messages that Donald
Trump's be spouting and maybe it's going
to take decades until we can achieve the
unity and freedom that a lot of people
thought was just around the corner maybe
because a lot of the people that have
been a bit more detached from
globalization and detached from
multiculturalism in the big cities and
the ways that people have progressed and
they're thinking it's decades behind in
rural America so people need to catch up
to understand why we can't have Donald
Trump as president and hopefully by the
next election
people would yeah more people would be
in that position and accepting that
what's what's the art so what's the way
forward I don't know I don't know how to
help people that are feeling scared and
worried right now about ie I feel the
same I feel scared and worried and upset
and trying to think of a way to end this
on a positive note
I guess just make sure that you are
doing the best you can do you are loving
people in the best way you are looking
out for and protecting the minorities
around you and accepting them and
showing people that we are all equal and
but basically just living the opposite
message that everything donald trump's
been saying and spouting if you can be
the anti-trump if you can be the person
that's not racist and bigoted and and
xenophobic and homophobic like and you
can be that person that spreads love to
those around you if we can all be that
person
then I think yes loli we can change the
world around us in it it doesn't need to
come from the top down but we can we can
spread it from the bottom up you know so
that's my thoughts and yeah I'd love to
know what you think below you guys
obviously this could spark a big
political discussion in the comments but
I've got to be honest I don't know if
Hillary Clinton would have made things a
lot better but I do know that she wasn't
attacking minorities and and causing
people to fear for their lives and I
don't know she would have made loads of
great decisions but Donald Trump
nice right tomorrow is my last day in
America for now I'm heading to Bali
tomorrow night I'm gonna catch up with a
few people Sawyer and Angelique and then
a week later we're going to be hanging
out at Nick and Ange and yeah I'm
looking forward to having some
adventures out there I'll catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure being
