good morning guys we are in Long Beach
California like I said last night we
were invited down here to explore this
amazing city and we're starting off with
some credible breakfast how are you guys
doing this morning
very good ready man first thing we're
doing is a helicopter ride and we need
to be there in like 20 minutes so right
we are ready to go all harnessed up got
our phones attached so we didn't drop
those out the window and we're
snapchating and doing our Instagram
stories and stuff you guys ready yeah
years man was last time we were in a
helicopter we've been through oh it's
been like 2 and 1/2 years really to come
through Long Beach we're capable boy
scout camp okay island so some first for
us to seat by the air it's been fun it's
gonna be good site again and how are you
feeling Kerry it's your first helicopter
idea yes my first helicopter ride I am
nervous but I feel like a badass in this
harness was make me know a little bit
better yeah you bet like about us
Thanks wait why aren't you wearing a
harness right yeah she doesn't even need
a harness that's how bad a triage
excited wait wave again yeah right those
guys are in that helicopter me and Marco
in this one oh we're on them down no
doors bro on my first time with you no
doors again this is the only way to fly
in helicopters with no doors I'm trying
to figure out where I should put some
glasses on because they might just fly
off I don't know my sunglasses
oh yeah
okay now a legal system for hotels in
our flight clearing to the southwest for
the
very much sir yeah but I believe how
high they stack the container to make
yet
that's cut the lead over there it isn't
dude yeah I Milan would be kind of over
about there to harbors is where you see
the dip yeah
their work type is open to me and
probably bono so guys this is a Donald
Trump golf course hopefully not the next
president this road right here is called
Paseo Del Mar and if you see follow the
road a couple years ago it all just
panic to the ocean you see where it just
disappears right here yeah oh wow
yeah just slipped into the ocean
the Queen Mary still holds a record for
the most number of people ever carried
on a ship the troop transport in the
second world war over and thousand
people Wow
and they say it's twice as big as a
Titanic yeah it's a new joy it was
coming up on November 1 through 9 a
running let's go to the other shoreline
village now
clean up a hotel by that
you guys love it yeah my favorite I know
the dopey notice it all been so good now
it's pretty did you enjoy it Carrie it
was it scary I loved it I was so scared
when we were first going up those it
feels like I was just telling them it
feels like a few tip and you're just
like you're just gonna go yeah on the
side of a helicopter all day I literally
could all day that was that was very
very cool glad you enjoyed it yeah okay
good to meet you Mike yeah let me know
when you're back in town yeah definitely
yeah right taking thanks a lot I'm good
segue
yeah so our next plan today is to go out
segways again we had so much fun in
Mexico last week that we thought we
should probably do it again right we're
just putting on some ultra cool helmet
you excited about steak waves again the
guys I know this looks like the most
classic you tourists thing you can do is
ride a Segway around the city but like
I'm saying in Mexico the other day it is
incredibly fun way more fun than it
looks
you're kissing everyone
are you okay you really desire to just
go to the sandgrouse exam you're injured
are you fine whoa fast for a long time
when I was best looking trying to tell
you to slow down and it feels
counterintuitive but that's when you're
supposed to like pull back what that was
pretty crazy
Oh laughter okay I give you a new Cup I
know how mad is that guys okay let's let
my cat know more crashes okay guys no
more crashes Carrie so this little
stretch here reminds me a little bit of
Santa Monica and Venice people cruising
along but it's just way more quiet so
chilled here isn't it very charming very
close la right
are you hatching lots of Pokemon eggs I
love California weather
how are you doing Carrie feeling better
I'm happy that I went straight man
but I'm just I realize I'm just not good
at segwaying and I'm okay with that
this is the most beautiful marina can't
go over there is that this is my
favorite area of Long Beach so far so
cool
we're having a little break under the
lighthouse what's the name of this
lighthouse it doesn't have a name
guys watch we call this lighthouse Louie
Louie the lighthouse get a dramatic
photo of me yeah what okay the guys this
is the aquarium over here we're going to
be visiting here tomorrow morning I
think I think we might even get to dive
in one of the fish tanks what's the
plate that's what I bared Segway tour
over that was that was nice that was
really nice so next activity for today
is we're going out in a gondola
this is Fabio he's gonna be our gondola
driver what do you call it a gondola
driver a gondolier ah
nice we're just gonna catch the last in
life for the sunset it's it's so early
here right now like 5 p.m. I'm going
somewhere far
far
please don't tell me I should stay for
another day exactly the house of the
first female surfing war champ
hello are you allowed to go full
Christmas on the 8th of November yes No
you have a perfectly wait until after
Thanksgiving that's a really long here
after Thanksgiving is a day like
literally finish I'll be away the turkey
and you get to start decorating
I know I know these days are evil killer
names well look at the snow on that one
you found it there's so many of them
this is Ryan's favorite house because it
has massive windows I look at yeah is
coke
here in the meeting yeah thanks a lot
that was awesome that was definitely the
most beautiful part the day for me
we have arrived and the plates are
getting dinner tonight it's called the
Berlin Bistro we've heard good things
I've also heard they do good coffee so
I'm going to get some coffee first up
I'm getting some spicy hummus with some
pita bread and avocado we managed to
find some avocado apparently guys I only
just found this out but there is a
global avocados shortage we no use to
Mexico a few places and have avocados
and then where we ate breakfast we
didn't ever got is that this place do
you so I'm very happy right I got farro
and some vegetable things Brussels
sprouts that rise sharing in me thank
you
he's got these garlic fries or the ones
they use garlic right now guys if you
ever come to Long Beach you 100% a half
to come to this place great coffee great
food and a very cool record shop next
door well it's the end of the day I'm
going to go down and jump in the hot tub
before it closes but thanks again to
Long Beach for inviting us down here to
explore it's been really really cool and
I'm looking forward to exploring
tomorrow morning again before we head
back up to LA catching the morning peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
