good morning guys is a nice day here in
the Dominican Republic we're just about
to head out on a bit of an adventure we
were gonna head out earlier than this
but I had some problems rendering and
uploading my blog so that's some sorted
now and yeah we're gonna go into town
buy some shorts maybe some flip-flops
and then how many flip-flops and then
yeah and then we're gonna head to the
beach how you guys doing okay alright we
just pulled over found this little store
we're gonna duck in to get some Surrey
short there's all these look at these
cute puppies hello puppy happy
puppy lover I know rise just totally
converted me I only like puppies but oh
my god now you're obsessed flip-flops
have the honors I also found some these
would be these will kind of make their
swimming shorts but look just doesn't
make any sense
this reckons they are quadruple XL but
they really aren't like this is a tiny
waist the nearest town to where we're
staying seminar has this really cool and
pedestrian bridge out to these islands
you can see here this is the start of it
and this is gonna go all the way out
you've seen a second it's pretty unique
like you can see it on on the map and it
just goes out for ages in over the city
so yeah go check it out maybe chill on
the beach for a little bit I'm hoping
there's a cafe there where we can get
like a little coffee or
there was there was a very big sign
saying do not cross I don't know I don't
know why it's like there's like a big
gap in the bridge maybe there's another
maybe there's like another entrance bit
a caution stop construction ahead of
what this is I mean we will tell pretty
quickly if we can't cross it I think you
know these big hurricanes I've been
hammering the South southern states that
come through the Caribbean and
apparently a few of them that caused
some pretty bad damage here
but this brick I mean it looks sturdy to
me
it's really nice coming back to a place
I've been before but exploring new parts
of it and this is the bridge I saw when
I was here with Raya but we never got to
come out here this is way cooler than it
looks guys check out this starfish below
us and they're actually so beautiful
oK we've reached the end of this bridge
you have no idea what's on this island
but we're gonna go and explore
this place is really baffling I don't
know whether it was something in use
that's now been abandoned or whether it
was abandoned during construction this
place now this could be a really cool
house it's just an like an empty
concrete structure I really want to
research and find out what this was oh
my gosh if this was like a hostel or a
hotel they would make so much money okay
if I was to develop this place as my
house which I really would like I think
you could build some cool like treehouse
structures even though these are small
trees you could like build stuff out
this could be the main house I think
this would be the living room this
Jacuzzi right here right on the edge
here then you could just like see it you
could be chillin looking out the sea the
palm trees maybe the coconuts fall down
just drinking a fresh coconut
I'm gonna guess that this place there
was some kind of like problem with
paperwork or like corruption someone
screwed someone over like maybe the
league that was like a legal problem
this looks like it's been like derelict
for like over ten years Oh chicken
well it is the chicken doing out here I
have to know what this is I have to know
is that the end there's no no cafe if
anyone knows what this place is and
wants to build a cafe here but how far
can we get down I finally found out what
this place is so built back in the 60s
there used to be a two level restaurant
bar which I guess is this the structure
still remains today I was hoping for a
bit more information I found some more
information so this is someone that's
wrote a whole blog about this who said
well stories about the reasoning for the
environment for the bridge to nowhere
conflict the general consensus from
locals was that in the 70s and 80s a
prosperous businessman when it's open a
restaurant on the island in the bay okay
so he wanted to construction began on
the bridges and share of the restaurant
which we're standing in now but at some
point the money ran out and construction
halted make sense recently though
efforts have been made to rehabilitate
the bridges structures for the moment
that means walking paths that do not
pass construction zone signs and
stepping out between the concrete gaps I
want to see what's happening now though
so there you go guys the bridge to
nowhere
literally leads to a half-built
restaurant bar if anyone out there has a
ton of money and wants to embark on a
pretty exciting renovation project this
could be Apple this could be a good spot
I don't know who owns it but I think I
think with some goods marketing this
could be like a very cool tourist spot
we're about to jump back in the car and
head to the beach it's already quite
late today but before we do we're gonna
get a pineapple to share a coca-cola oh
I thought maybe I want a coconut to
drink yeah I'll get a coke I'll get a
coconut I'm gonna get a coca-cola and a
coconut how was it bye cheers cheers
Cheers
we're way drawn on these John needs one
for his cheers guys coconut coconut the
coconut brothers take this with us guys
this pineapple is delicious
we couldn't get more tropical right now
we're just sitting here in pineapple and
coconut
okay we've arrived at the beach look how
nice the water looks so beautiful yeah
this is I'm what I might go swimming
first and then eat this is more vehicle
than they ought to be to area just now
we have a plan restaurant closes at 6:00
so we're gonna go for a swim nice
leisurely swim get some food and then
this lovely ladies offered us a massage
so the shorts I bought in town are the
same shorts we all bought they said
quadruple XL as you saw but they were
tiny like they just felt the netting
inside particularly felt super
restrictive so I thought it was a good
idea to rip the netting out of the
inside like just the the inside part the
shorts turns out it just completely
destroyed the entire shorts like the
whole waistband ripped off they're
useless now so thankfully Durham bought
two pairs and I'm I'm wearing a spare
pair
I won't break these ones burrito
that was so perfect just the sea
temperature is lovely it's it's I think
I could just float around the water for
hours without getting chilly okay
we're sitting now for food we've got
some more coconuts let's give this one a
taste this these are like more aged more
mature coconuts yeah yeah oh yeah way
better right yeah yeah yeah food was
delicious
now it's massage time oh why we we only
got a 30 minute massage because these
guys have been waiting and we're gonna
cruise back to the tree houses now oh I
think I might fall in the sleep in the
doors the ladies down massaging us there
on this moped in front but they don't
have headlights and they asked us to
drive behind them say they can see where
they're going I don't know one earth
they usually do what do you think maybe
they just have to go real slow and they
use their cell phones this thing we're
back in the main lounge area of the
treehouse village
and almost editing my blog has been
uploading all day
still not uploading and I think it's
unlike 95 percent of the week five
percent half an hour left it's already
like 2:00 in the morning in the UK right
move to the couch everyone is in full
chill mode right Paul's hidden off it's
2 a.m. he's getting a long ride to the
airport and then and then a couple of
flights to get home for tomorrow that's
cool man yeah it's all about push no
outside the comfort zones have a good
journey back yeah I'm heading to bed now
I feel quite proud of myself managed to
get another entire vlog edited it's
uploading and I'm still gonna get a
reasonable amount of sleep tonight I'm
not feeling too well
my immune systems not performing 100% I
think I need yeah I think I just need to
rest after this trip as I've seen the
other night
but anyway I'm I'm feeling alright I
think a good sleep tonight will help and
yeah I don't know what tomorrow's gonna
hold Adventure wise but I think we're
gonna yeah then we're gonna have a lot
of fun alright see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
