good morning guys it's our last couple
of hours in this amazing treehouse
paradise that we've been staying in and
one of the coolest things about this
place I haven't shown you yet is how you
order food to your room so we're gonna
order some breakfast to our own pack and
then we're heading up come and check
this out alright so this is how you'll
do something
pick your breakfast you write all your
things on this little note you take this
fall so you slip up there paper in the
ball and then check this out this is
where we put it drop your balls so this
is not order you put it in here then you
have to wait the sound of the gong
and then in half an hour I wouldn't be
caught so real basically there's no
phones in our own is they there's no
light bulbs there's only a couple of
plugs circuits destroyed laptops and
stuff part of the aesthetic of you know
the rural rustic treehouse wipes
breakfast has been delivered I'm ready
for this I'm so hungry
we have finished breakfast we've packed
our bags we are ready to head off I'm
definitely coming back here guys this is
just so so cool
these walkways I want to explore a bit
more I didn't even get to the ground
yeah we are definitely coming back here
and I think when I come back I want to
do more like take a few days off yeah as
much as we were saying we wanted to like
chill meditate and not use technology we
kind of failed on that one
I'd also this trip we didn't manage to
do the big kind of Day of the Dead
parade and dress up like I was talking
about the beginning with face paint and
stuff which kind of sucks but I think
we're going to do that next year with a
bit more planning well on our way back
up to Cancun we just started to stop in
Playa del Carmen again to meet up with
Felix and Sally
great hungry I'm ready for lunch hey hey
how you doing he's not feeling good
weird are you buddy
probably just picked up a little coffee
we're gonna chill here for a little bit
all right we found somewhere for lunch
guys I think we won here we found this
place that does amazing vegan food this
is like some kind of mushroom panini
smoothie coffee and we're just gonna
have enough time to eat us before we
need to rush to the airport but it's
been nice catching out of these guys
we're now pushing it a little bit to get
to get our new flight time just ate we
didn't manage to check in online so we
need to write we've arrived at Cancun
Airport I think we've got time don't
forget my drone
I was a really pretty Drive of this
sunset about half an hour ago and the
sky was just lit up pink so pretty it's
always really pretty when it loads of
clouds as well and where I was saying
had we been on our original flight time
at like 6 whatever it would have been
stunning so despite being advised to get
here three hours early
we just strolled through and it took us
less than 15 minutes I reckon just to
check him go through security absolute
dream like the opposite of me guy coming
out of London when I last left 45
minutes game said where Sakura is there
very nice thing
so I'm nice and chilled if you're
feeling more chilled now for I always
gets a little bit stressed on our way to
the airport
I always make us late but we've never
missed the flight together isn't that
true
next stop Los Angeles marketing
we're staying with him tonight right
thank you welcome to LA I'm happy to be
back in LA
fries got a bag we didn't have to wait
at all we're now gonna go find an uber I
guess and tonight we are staying with as
I was saying as we're boarding we're
staying with the Berger Bros who are
currently living in LA in the Venice so
it's gonna be nice to spend some time
with them you happy to be here yeah
this is gonna be
this is gonna be where we stay for the
next few days yes boys well are you guys
there this is that pad where did you
move in brother's Venice or just still
getting so and yeah we just got some
food down so this is the situation we
are sleeping on the sofa and it's super
comfortable so I think we're we're here
tonight and then tomorrow evening we're
gonna head down to Long Beach and we've
got a couple days of fun activities
planned there but yeah just chilling
here tomorrow during the day we're only
like a few blocks from
intelligencia which is like my favorite
coffee shop in LA so that's the first
place I'm gonna go in the morning
and then I've pinged a few messages to
people to see who's around and trying to
make the most of my time here and also I
think being here it's it's definitely
confirming that me and Ray are gonna
spend a lot more time in LA next year
potentially base up here for a bit
I think that's the current plan but I'll
keep you updated with there how we
progress on that right I'm gonna edit
for a little bit and yeah catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
