good morning guys we've just had
breakfast and it's a sad day for you cuz
Steve and Alexia are heading back to
London
we're just saying goodbye to them now Oh
guys it's sad we did it though yeah we
finally did a couples holiday the first
of many now you'll go back to four
degree weather yeah bro then you're
going even colder where you going next
you Nutter gonna see Santa's post office
so funny yeah Lapland yeah great all
right I'm sorry sorry we are all sweaty
we are all so sorry I'm a bit wet so
what so be staying here Steven Alexia
have a the top floor and we're below
them
now that they've left we are stealing
their like balcony to do some cool
photos and I've just found a cool spot
for a photo a bridge my camera up on
this tripod here and I think we're going
to be chillin on the steep the pronounce
the sea
we've decided to get some lunch down on
the beach today we got some really nice
tattoos yesterday but they were a little
bit spicy selling ass but nevertheless
nice
look at this this little outfit I've got
on it's from when we went to Cuba and a
hat as well but I know what happened
this place is definitely not designed
for tall people mean Steve would be
locked up and down the entire time you
ready for tacos so for our last day here
we've being upgraded to the honeymoon
suite which is pretty incredible we've
just walked in check this out this is
just downstairs oh right I've got this
there's a shower no there's a shower ha
ha ha this is incredible
this is so beautiful
guys look at that incredible helmet
we can literally write on the beach we
have an outside spiral staircase
an outdoor pool yeah this is the photo
location
guys I think it's about time to jump in
the sea it's been a lovely day it's
super warm out and I cannot wait to dive
into those waves our house is just there
is that my first time taking the GoPro
fine back
another how the audio here we come out
these ways looks like like like like a
place I have a love-hate relationship to
see because it's very fun when you're
feeling control and you're just you know
swimming around and it's like warm this
is really warm this must be like twenty
eighty degree scene look but when the
when the ocean shows you it's how I
completely lose control like you get for
the big wave or get sucked in by current
that's when I really like coming camping
here
what's going on
obstacle go do you feel like you're
gonna fall down is so high up okay I'm
going to jump in I go do a sexy pose
and I'll take photos
so guys this is where we're getting
dinner tonight vegan tacos such a cool
little spot South Station
red cabbage
have an arrow it's going to be very
spicy I'll just have a little bit look
at this
we both got this play of like five
different tacos how good do you feel
being somewhere where everything on the
menu is vegan can't go wrong there's
cheesecake burger yeah last night we
struggle to get me this - no I'm even
getting cheesecake hahaha it looks so
good and the atmosphere here is just
incredible yummy so good I am I just
tasted some of that habanero sauce it's
very spicy very very spicy
oh well it's our last night here this
amazing place I'm really excited about
the room we got today it was like it is
the best room I've ever stayed in to be
honest and the views their rustic
treehouse vibes just everything about it
mind-blowing very inspiring and yeah
we're off tomorrow we're flying to LA
for a few days before then heading up to
Bali and joining different friends to
have more adventures out there but
Mexico has been amazing it's been so
nice hanging out Steven Alexia and one
last thing I want to leave you with guys
is I've left my camera doing a
time-lapse over the sea and I've changed
the settings so potentially I might even
catch the sunrise so it might like go
from night night today which is the
first time I've done one of these star
lapses I hope it works if so I let I'll
insert it here you know look
well I guess I'll catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure the
