good afternoon guys we have just had
some very spicy lunch my lips are on
fire they're really tasty tacos and now
we're going out again to tow bar which
is the jungle ruins which 22 years ago
we were gonna go to a cenote this
morning but we've decided to chill
instead so we've got about an hour's
drive and then apparently we're gonna
have no one else there it's after the
tourists leaving we're gonna go and
watch the sunset and like chill on the
roads
we've arrived
I'm really excited I loved it last time
we came here you've been here before
haven't you so where if we just walked
in this is the leg the side of a dress
saw we're just getting to the entrance
we're going to see these what it's
called iglesia of the church where's the
big one we head into this one so we're
gonna get some bicycles and we're gonna
cycle through the jungle to hear if
milestones the Mayans have meiosis which
is to the days of important events where
we have our bikes recently yeah okay
this my god here no that's okay I don't
that guy
so guys I'm trying out my Steadicam
while cycling just to see how this is
this is pretty bumpy here but I feel
like this is very smooth on the camera
guys what do you think the Steadicam
thing I think it's pretty cool I tried
it a little bit in New York the other
day but didn't really finish my review
of it so I thought I want to test it in
the field
and we're better than some Mayan ruins
in the jungle what you found by we just
disturbed massive massive black ants on
our walk so we need to get out there
fast because they're like crawling up a
legs
this tree can give you a second-degree
burn this is like acid is it like a
sports it's like a butter that went into
the wind and we especially when it rains
and it gets your skin give you a very
Rath rash whoa this tree needs to chill
out and just behind this tree but it's
like really now let's go check I'm Maya
it's also calling English copper tree
because of the color these three
actually the SAP of the tree of the
leaves or the sec antidote for this tree
no yes and they're growing together yes
there are mostly grow together more very
very often that's why there it has
brought many legends to the Mayans to
believe in about the duality the
jun-chan the balance of good and evil
you know that is cool
this is such a nice way to talk just
cruising around on a bike I feel like
this is the way to do everything either
a bike or as I found out the other day a
Segway even though they look a bit more
stupid when you're riding them I just
walking sometimes was just too much
energy
I'm really lazy
so I found out some facts about Koba
basically it was the main marketplace of
Central America before the Spanish
invaded and it was between 300 to 900 AD
and that's when it was like I guess at
its peak and these this is where all
these buildings are from these better
what was sold at the market when it was
back in the day what was there in that
time mostly the most important is worth
salt J obsidian that is volcanic glass
also feathers of sacred birds the cacao
was used or Cocoa's in English is said
the seeds were used as currency actually
Wow that was little money yeah cacao see
do you hear that they their money was
cacao seeds that's how they all just
grow all the trees and then you could
literally grow money on trees
oh yeah there you go
chickens are very cool I think they were
not my favorite birds
I don't really know much about them but
their beaks are massive all right they
must have the biggest beaks right for
their site bully size as I said that
their beaks are so heavy that they fly
differently so they fly down and then
back up again so they're not even
straight it's so heavy
so guys this is the main temple in Koba
it's name is not H more and it means big
mountain and it is massive we're about
to walk to the top of it
this is incredible last time I was here
this whole stairwell was just full of
people and I remember it being kind of a
cloudy maybe even a rainy day so we've
done well with the weather today oh yeah
guys this is the this is the electronic
Steadicam thing I've been using it's a
brand new I can it's called a bit holder
I was showing it in New York every day
what these cool just steadicams gimbals
guys is just started raining and we're
at the top of the temple and those
jungle every I don't know how we're
gonna get out there but you can see the
rain sweeping in here it's gonna be
torrential so as the rain swept in and I
was finishing my time-lapse Ryan made a
very wise choices getting down she's
already cycled back to the exit so we
now have to venture down there on the
slippery rocks in the rain hoping the
heavens then open any more than they
have if we roll it so we did it okay is
wet if you're kind of bad because I've
just rushed ahead and left everyone
behind that were all taking photos at
the top still but guys last month I got
caught in the most insane torrential
rainstorm and Baldy and it was just like
this came out of nowhere and within
minutes it was like unbearable and we
all have so much camera gear so I just
wanted to make sure I got dry but I
really hope the rest of them are okay is
it slippery bro okay I don't really want
to slip to be honest yeah cuz you take
all of us down I know okay that would
really hurt I was thinking about earlier
when I was doing the dangled leg shot I
don't know how you could stop yourself
you're thinking about it if you fell I
think yeah at the bottom and probably
bang your head and kill yourself oh
don't do that
guys this is very slippery
and it's 42 meters high
it's crazy how we're walking down and
walked up an ancient Mayan temple I know
yeah they're gonna close this off
because of erosion so guys if you want
to come check this out you should
probably come soon yes I imagine being a
Mayan and building this and being owned
coming to the top and been like seeing
over the whole jungle that well what
else would you have had to see over the
canopies nothing yeah yeah you have a
whole new perspective
all right last three steps bom bom bom
bom did you manage to get back before it
rain this is where we're eating tonight
guys mia more next week
this is this is a very sweet area so I
got really excited and they all of my
main course without showing you guys but
we have dessert now
sorbet coffee look at Steve's dessert
it's straight up a tiny tangerine you
were wrong cheesecake that Mina's cheese
on here lit bro skin skin right I
thought that was the tangerine the skin
I was getting ready to peel that bro
what I that's just blown my mind you
know I just nailed that same flavor as a
cheesecake out of ten boat boy there
as a tangerine tooth cake also guys I
forgot to show you I have a purple
flower on my sorbet check that out we
got that from dinner and then we went up
to Steven Alexia's balcony and when
we're just laying there watching the
Stars for a bit and chatting and now
I've come down to the Wi-Fi area and
I've been editing my vlog and lost track
of time it's now 4:00 a.m. and we were
planning to get up for sunrise to do a
little photo shoot because tomorrow's
Steven like Alexia's last day here so I
might not get much sleep tonight I
should probably head back right I'll
catch kites in the morning peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
