good morning guys
we have just had breakfast and we are
heading out on an adventure today we've
got our friend Berto who's going to be
giving us a tour and we're gonna be
first of all I think we doing the spider
funky place where we go yes platter
spider monkey century okay first off
spider monkeys so where are we in the
spider monkey century spider monkey
scientists head up there it's a feather
protected area Savage
yes spider monkeys
this is a Dutch mash nettle cook it
means now the home of the monkey and
Jaguar so we've arrived we've got like a
10 15 minute walk to find the monkeys no
pets allowed here because they probably
get even by Jaguars if you bring him in
- it's totally straight he just told us
in the way that he brews dogs get eaten
by jackals around here hey we just found
the dog just told us that the volumes
here one of the reasons they're quite
small it's because they drink the cenote
water which is full of calcium and it
means from a young age their bones get
stronger and calcified so they don't
grow like normal bones this little kid
it's one of our guides today who's
helping us find the monkeys we were just
told that the jaguars that live here in
Central America are critically
endangered and there's only like an
estimate 1000 left in the wild which is
like nothing very very sad
it's amazing to be actually like in the
wild looking for spider monkeys a lot of
times and you do these animal
interaction stuff they're like in cages
and sometimes not bad like they've been
rescued or whatever but here we're
literally just tracking through the
jungle looking for monkey Steve what'd
you say about the spider monkeys the way
they move through the trees is
fascinating even the little babies jump
they jump like big guns as well you want
Steve is so concentrate on getting the
shots I know I know it's like making me
sweat even more I'm sweating out as well
what Ben oh hey don't poop on us okay I
think that's our signal to leave the
monkey started peeing on us
guys he's seen so many monkeys and so
many babies even one that was too small
to like walk on its own so he was
holding on to his mom or dad I don't
know but oh my gosh they're amazing and
I've never seen monkeys that look
anything like these ones because they're
spider monkey so they have really long
limbs and the way they walk and move
between trees and stuff is so different
from anything I've seen we've just
arrived down that and Lagoon this is
beautiful
aha this looks so cool yeah
all right me and Stevie just put our
feet in the water there's a little fish
hi I'm so jealous right now
I really want to go in
I think there's something we can learn
from little kids just innocently having
fun with them no worry in the world I
think as you grow up you kind of lose
that you kind of let life stress you out
with stupid things that shouldn't
shouldn't bother you but kids I love it
though you remember when you a kid with
no worries a little bit more of that
yeah the thing now we're gonna go and
meet a Mayan community and the kids that
we were just with they're all Mayan kids
and they were like chatting and my into
each other and uh Alberto told us that
there's like two million Mayan people in
Mexico it's kind of crazy and like the
older Mayan people don't even speak
Spanish love it so we've arrived at this
community it's called
Laguna chabela and we can they go meet
some people then see some cool houses
and stuff can you hear that fleet guys
it's chillin in this hammock with its
flute
mother came King go shop look it's cool
tree hollow right no yeah yeah hollow
tree yeah what is that these head
bench-pressing
yeah Mayan style work out in the jungle
this is actually really nice is this
where they get their is this where they
get our drinking water yes that's what
I'll see em hi
we're over watering actually the way if
we dig down now does it open up on to it
actually if you dose actually about 40
centimeters of rock in this water
wow we're inside one of the houses now
and they're just saying that they sleep
in hammocks because I think it's better
for their backs and also they can fold
the hammocks away and it's a good use of
space oh this is the kitchen yes
this another fruit that is way bigger
when you use it to keep the tortillas
warm because is actually thicker and it
can keep the warm inside a lot yeah
just making some tortillas for us
here we go so this is a pretty hot chili
yeah mash mash but that's just a little
just this guy okay
spicy that's spicy
mmm like bad I mean yeah it's pretty
it's pretty hot yeah I mean yeah yeah
Willman yeah it's hot yeah I spicy yeah
look at this little chubby banana he's
looking how chubby is good different
flavor by this so these are the bee
hives Alexia is allergic to bee stings
but thankfully these species of bees
don't sting because the purity and the
kind of flowers that they can't be
tropical flowers and get this special
flavor mmm the honey smells so good
I love these vibes we just got this
honey this is worth $100 in America
right this exact time I think so yeah we
got it for a tenner and it's got basil
in it
what the the bees named Sara so where
can I have a picnic now for lunch and
we're climbing up this
it's like Tower which is basically an
awesome treehouse look at this this is
so cool just walked up these stairs
amazing not a bad spot for a picnic look
at this as well welcome Olli on toast
select my favorite thing
right there packing up our picnic basket
Steve's chillin and a hammock over there
hey Phil and Steve though you look
relaxed this is what our whole treehouse
fight is gonna be you know yeah rainy
you ain't gonna get
we have had a lovely evening tonight
just lots of conversation lots of eating
and it's been a great end to the day and
tomorrow I think the plan is we're gonna
chill up in the morning maybe going to
find a cenote somewhere and then we're
heading to Cobra witches is it called
Cobra which is like this amazing jungle
ruins that I went to two years ago in us
here but tomorrow if everything goes to
plan we're gonna be visiting it at
sunset and there's gonna be no other
tourists around cuz I think we're going
in after they closed so that's pretty
exciting
alright catching the morning peace out
enjoy life
