good afternoon guys and with the
vagaries we are skating down to a bikini
and we're meeting up with Raya and Perry
and I think we'll
I think wills in town are we gonna go
grab some lunch it is a scorching hot
day
guys if this passion through just fell
off that passion fruit plant up there
this almost hit a pedestrian husband sir
we have a feast this is the same thing
so I got the other day looks amazing
right me and Alex are going to do a
little photo shoot nearby what's the
place we're going to code we're heading
into their Santa Monica Mountains at the
Pacific Palisades and trailhead is it's
kind of secret but Temescal Canyon I've
never been before it's gonna be quite
cool you don't often think about like
nature walks in LA I know there's like
up towards the Hollywood sign I've done
that kind of walk but it's not this is
new for me this is a very cool spot to
watch the sunset
you know just a little bit too
silhouetted although you could probably
bring let's bring the shutters up a bit
yeah so we got Lois heading down to the
edges a little cliff over here trying to
get the last light before the Sun sets
first a little photo shoot but gorgeous
evening in LA gotta love it yeah I just
dyed that one that one be careful though
uh-huh look at this crazy more east
bay's just like a crazy rock or
something it seems like it's mud look at
this it's like a massive termite hill I
don't think it is but it looks like it
what a solid sunset tonight gorgeous
look it just dipping below the horizon
still there though so what is this area
Palisades no all right Alex is what we
passed his grandparents aftershow means
motive wife when did yet this motorbike
I don't know a thing about my advice
that doesn't crease it is that like a
proper adventure bike yeah yeah
motorcycle
Marko's not his bike over there by
Justin's the pannier system so then
these will go on the side here mount
onto the bike and you have plenty of
space to put whatever you want on there
it's cool and no motorcycle adventures
in the future for sure ok I just need to
learn after my ride a motorbike properly
and then I can join them wow this guy is
gone crazy
I'm back at Alex Markos fries back from
her meeting shoes that and I'm like
trying to pack my things guys and I've
realized I've got too many things
especially now that we're not going to
cut cold climates for a while I might
leave a few things here in their life
just a few little bits of clothing and
yeah then my bag won't break really we
need to leave here at
okay but I can't claim this is somewhere
where like that cooking going on ie the
time so I'm looking forward to a
home-cooked meal tonight that is the
biggest bowl of yeah this is cool this
makes me wanna get some right we
finished dinner
who is lovely now we're heading off
thanks right Eva Shoen up and we are
heading to LAX
we have quite a little flight ahead of
us is a 15 hour flight to Hong Kong and
then we're connected from there to Bali
I think in total is it 26 hours ago with
the layover 26 hours and then we're also
going ahead I think 16 hours so
essentially we're traveling for two days
straight and I'm not looking forward to
it so just for this headphone splitter
this is quite essential for long flights
when you're sitting next to someone
watching TV series together
thank you thank you
you excited here to Bali Raya show you
Bali as soon as I got there last night I
was like what other things I'm gonna let
the most do you think
and the massage yeah I kind of worry
yeah the first thing I'm gonna do when
we go like is find the massage
carnage like toys does it's like an Alec
mess up
I'm guessing that says Los Angeles and
this is where we're flying to all the
way to Hong Kong I don't know if I've
said this before guys but getting into
billion males need to get some food
before everyone else in the play
so we are well on our way to Hong Kong
thankfully I fit in my seat just about
after like spread my legs apart it's the
little bit cramps but I think I can
survive I've been trying to do some work
on my laptop though and because the
person in front of these let their seat
back I'm like like this is my laptop so
it's not very easy to work yeah I I'm
excited to go to Bali I've been to
Indonesia before but Indonesia is made
up of a ton of different islands and
I've never been to Bali or that kind of
area I've only been to Sumatra when I
was much much younger so I'm excited
about exploring a new area of the world
and if any of you have been watching
soya and Josh and Cody and a bunch of
other people have been in Bali for the
last like week or so doing some
exploring and this made me yeah very
excited to get there I think we're gonna
need to tell you like a day to chill
when we first arrived because as much as
travelling is just sitting down it is
also exhausting for those who either
travel Lots you know what talking about
it it can get very very exhausting
but yeah I guess I'll catch you when we
land in Hong Kong and
peace out victory lies
