good morning guys got my coffee with
everyone else and we are about to go on
a Segway adventure no never
and it's the perfect thing to do when
you've just woken up yeah your
coordination is a bit old you're still
tired one of us is going to crash for
sure
I feel like I can just go no-handed on
this guy like the other side I come on
slowcoach here we go
you got this dude Yeah right he's it I
was a little bit worried but now I'm
just like yeah okay so we've decided we
are definitely buying these when we move
to LA and we can just all squat around
all the for all four robot the hair oh
my gosh easy is is Zoe which is chilling
one-handed obey we just cruised up a
hill no problem at all
hey what you doing there ia is the
perfect way to play
Oh guys I don't know if I told you but
ever since the Maldives I've actually
quit playing Pokemon because I was
becoming way too addicted I may take it
up again at some point but I'm good for
now I cannot believe how fun is it but
also that I'd written it off yeah what's
up man it's gonna be okay but they're
really fun this series this is way
better than I thought it'd be I think
it's good they're way faster than
butterfly it's a butterfly look it's a
butterfly
whoa bro get ready for action we have
gone off the road now and we are
venturing into the mangroves and he said
there's a high chance we're gonna fall
off because it's so narrow
joy share this cenote out this part
backs straight up into the cenote I do
not want to fall in there yeah
very easy as that right we've got to
stretch our legs a little bit
move your feet yeah any feel better now
is that fun bro what do you woody thing
walking or segwaying what's the best I
don't think I'm ever gonna walk again
like even getting off and having a look
around I was like why are we walking
what's your verdict these are amazing
yeah can I get one yeah but we need to
like kind of live somewhere for it yeah
I think I like check out those mangroves
why here we go in on the stand bro yeah
kick it guys we just cruising on the
beach now this is crazy there
according how well these drive
understand
well that was a super fun morning we're
now going to head down to Playa del
Carmen where we're gonna be meeting some
pretty cool people I was saying last
night there's a couple that have been
traveling down from Alaska in an amazing
school bus that they've converted to
live in and look him up on Instagram
we're going to go and check out their
bus and grab some lunch together
boy that is truly Jenga
ah let's do this cheers mate yes or yes
mr. lizard I'm eight
hey boy what you saying about a school
bus a tree house this is the expedition
happiness bus which will be going for a
little tour in momentarily yeah so
before we look around the bus we're
gonna go and get some lunch because
we're all pretty hungry I think our
Segway adventure worked up an appetite
Hey are you doing exciting Louie hey
Steven right nice to meet you man so
this is Felix and Sally Hey Oh team
camera yeah it is and we are gonna get
some food we're gonna jump in their
massive car we should have got a rental
car this big okay I'll go in the front
I feel the latter burger we are a Picard
I mean yeah with that I need to go
annalisa smoothly what we've had a
lovely lunch and just spent a few hours
just chat about YouTube and life and
just getting to know these guys it's
been pretty awesome
very interesting unfortunately started
raining wars were there so we're gonna
have to walk back in the rain now and
one last thing about two last things you
need to do is see they're fast and also
need that dog he's chilly back at the
hotel so we have arrived back at the bus
it's finally time to have a little tour
around I'll obviously link their videos
underneath as well you can see the tour
that they did where did you film the
tour video in a NASCAR on the states
when you first did the like the full
tour of the bus that went viral in
Alaska we got inspired yeah it's hard
o'cool it's similar trials nice hey
Simmons i won if you don't know means
even like 13 other guys did this like
triple across the states in a similar
bus but it had all this mostly seats
left then it was like no conversion at
all but in here it doesn't even feel
like you're in a bus this feels like a
proper apartment this is really I like
what my house to look yes I feel like a
Starbucks on the road I could make you
coffee okay so going to give us a little
bite quick Victoire yeah I know I do
they well you're sitting on some
visitors and someone what's come over
you can just come over
that's that table here cold spots better
cool the other like they have counter
space yeah yeah you want to see it you
want to see the magic showers it's a no
yeah yeah this is like your Toyota tower
that you go
so this is a little kitchen area I love
all this wood this was some pallets
right yeah love it
look how rough the gutters I'm basically
gonna copy a lot of this the double
decker downstairs I've kind of got a lot
of inspiration from these guys the
shower is right there open that door
this one gonna come through first so
Sally you did a lot of this tiling right
this is so beautiful yeah it's amazing
machine will be nice to know pop it slow
that's it no it's closed it's closed a
midget but if you're a tour guide this
is this one yourself
I love it before you don't this is so
cool that's like the shower and toilet
and what's what's in here just store it
that's the toilet in there tiger
that's a closer and then bedroom area
everything we don't want to see we throw
in the bed that's like that's like
they're kind of yeah yeah see it in the
house that's right I saw that I swear
you put your batteries in yeah dogs bark
let's hide it this is so nice but it's
hot it's too bad that you're so large
because we would need like everything to
be double the size yeah no I knew
standing out the hold on it
I'm basically trying to convince Ryan
that we should do something similar at
some stage oh no I'm so done I'm chillin
okay just saying you're the one's gonna
back from I can just already just get
like a mini Segway like Ryder coconut
and then you just be cruising in the
driver's seat
remember they're safe
really fully manual door he needs
automatic doors in your daughters we are
like in the middle of nowhere here I
just turn on the lights they were not
plugged in and these aren't leds he's a
proper like yeah yeah we can do so that
is literally running off the ledge
batteries that's the solar charge
batteries and now we can live in this
thing with just using solo for years
years in Utah Stojko use less than we
make every day so now it's a cloudy day
but we still get enough to what we need
but still a nice day the solar panels oh
you are yeah Oh sir
Wow I thought you'd have to fill the
whole roof to get enough but this is
enough solar energy turf it's a tower
the whole bunch but it's crazy this is
fascinating bro because it isn't this
exciting
this is finished fast of ever seen oh
yeah or or even RV yeah because this is
like a proper like apartment but we're
just gonna have a little look around the
hotel and meet the dog before we go ah
this is beautiful look at this courtyard
okay he doesn't like me might be the
dress right you know it's okay right
after Tulum that was really nice that
was so cool to me those guys are they
are lovely
Felix Sally we cannot wait to hang out
again that was that was just so nice
definitely it's nice to meet like like
people with the same kind of mindset and
same kind of like passion for life
guys we've just pulled up at the a zoo
Lake Hotel and Mayan spa
hello Louis Steve logic sweetie
nice we're just taking part in our a
welcome ceremony involves having to take
your shoes on and then some smoke and
something
this is like the tree house of village
vibe that I want
guys check this out there is a swing on
our balcony
my gosh this is incredible this is
actually incredible
well guys hung a new end the vlog here
we're going to go to dinner and I'll
show you a proper tour of where we are
tomorrow and it's light and you know I
can we can see everything I'm excited
it's going to be an interesting few days
it's slightly more basic than I'm used
to but I kind of I just love this whole
treehouse vibe and the way that it's
like branches are making up half of the
room and the balcony and stuff and yeah
this is this is so beautiful here
I might even we were just talking
because it's there's not a lot of like
artificial light here we might get into
a earlier sleeping pattern and maybe
catch some Sun rises because from the
looks of hit the sunrise over the sea is
going to be stunning right on they're
catching the morning peace out enjoy
life live adventure
