good morning guys
we've just gone over into Manhattan and
we're gonna get some lunch and we're
meeting up with a bunch of other people
as well
right wimbur we've just grabbed some
lunch
with the boys where you've got a
training today yeah yeah yeah training
three hour train ride to hang out these
guys nice we have got big squadron
enough today and also I am testing out
this Steadicam thing I was sent ages ago
by I can it's called the beholder and
I've rigged up my a7r onto it to get
some cool steady shots as we walk in I
have no idea how to use it I just kind
of thrown it on there we'll see how the
footage looks
so the plan is we are walking over to
the Occulus building I think it's like a
train station it looks pretty epic and
it's right near the One World Trade
Center so we're going to stroll over
there get some cool photos and
time-lapse and stuff everyone here has a
YouTube channel pretty much - it's gonna
be lots of cameras all today
rious hands are freezing so we're trying
to fit them inside my gloves it's fine
it's kind of working isn't it
so we've been hanging out in this
amazing building I think the
architecture here is pretty incredible
we are now heading somewhere else I
think we're gonna go and get coffee
which I'm quite excited about because of
you the boys wanna go watch some cameras
up at viene
yeah
I'm just following the crowd basically
I'm just following the ground remember
the camera shop I always go to it I'm
here and like I just freak out and I
don't want to leave because there's so
many cool things that is where we going
right now josh has never been right now
is this lens
guys bad news we didn't realize that it
closes early on a Friday so yeah closed
at 2:00 p.m. which is like an hour ago
this is just a complete ease to these
guys just the complete ease this is
behind the scenes of the youtubers life
and we were all just watching Sarah
upload today I've just uploaded my
volcanoe video guys and some of the
people here haven't seen it so we're
just going to put it on the sound system
so any Arroyo have to duck out who's
just going to see our parents for a
little bit we're now meet back up with
her at Central Park and I'll be
insightful
list of the year for my the old tree
color is that over that site I think
it's gonna be golden hour but together
to make a fat mess of it we jump it back
to the subway now
guys what is this we're in Central Park
and there's like this stone tablet with
like a shopping list carved out of it
like what
my favorite thing on this list is
bananas bananas are nuts they're next to
each other and the tower these my vibes
we're climbing a big rock on the edge of
Central Park Josh what did you get do so
this is called the D double trouble it's
the biggest thing on the menu and I've
been wanting ice cream for a long time I
think I found it how can you eat ice
cream in this weather though that's what
I want to know I see you get so used to
being around here that it doesn't matter
like I can meet a teacher right now I'm
okay I'm okay with it
yeah well enjoy that enjoy that so we've
just been standing here getting cold
kind of dis sunsets we can't really see
from here it's kind of nice but anyway
then we spied the ice skating rink and I
think that's the plan I think we're
gonna go down there and hopefully a few
of us gonna go ice skating right we have
our skates on we're about to go on the
ice it's got pretty dark but thankfully
the rinks lit up sod anything I'll be
nice skating since we were in Alberta
with like Ben and Steve and NIC and Dave
in that earlier in the year so I'm a
little bit rusty yeah
are you just going yeah come on let's do
laughs kind of like the red no jumping
up and down spin and with your feet cut
the music that's a play has to be on be
some Alim always down take
think when I'm somewhere cold where
there's ice or snow it makes more sense
of my heads because I'm like oh yeah
like it's winter ice skating or if
you're going snowboarding or skiing or
something boy paint like is when it's
cold and you don't know whether it's
winter or not and then you're just like
why am I even here I think when you got
like winter sports or activities
involved when you're in cold weather
then you know it justifies it you know
because you can't wait to go ice-skating
in warmer climates unless you're going
to indoor rinks by skating in Central
Park is pretty epic I haven't done this
before
yet I'm not gonna win this race but I'm
pretty sure I'm gonna have the best blog
footage from this
okay
Eric's wiped out Josh's well ahead
second place that was a bad Stanger okay
so I've met them kids from the UK that
watch my video hey girls and they're not
really used to seeing some I'm giving
them a hand
Bumi Sara don't fall guys check check
this out on this booster board this is
what I want to do right
I want to mount LED lights here I'll
check this out you just come off like
this and a charger over microUSB yeah
and they're super super bright
I'm putting back on and then this just
like straps on there like that and
therefore long boards are they yeah you
just put it on and show good that's what
I need that's what I've been meaning to
do for my beastie board since the
beginning when we first hung out like
the day when there something
yes I've been in here a few times I
haven't but anything less in some mean
bu something so so I've got I've got
hummus and chips and then I've got a
veggie burger and sweet potato tots how
crazy is that this shouldn't this should
be good what should we do here we've
finished in there we've got an amazing
day I'm saying goodbye to everyone here
why go and check everyone out and
linking them in the description below
but it's been an awesome day and I'll
see you guys soon
we'll be standing here for half an hour
guys we just got back to Brooklyn and I
missed the UPS delivery was an urgent
delivery to replace one of my lenses my
one of my lenses is stopped working on
my a7s2 is my 24 to 240 anyway the Sony
team in the UK did an overnight delivery
the problem is we're leaving first thing
in the morning and I missed a delivery
so it sent me to this address it's like
late at night now it's like 10:00 p.m.
and this is a 24-hour UPS delivery thing
where you can pick up packages by typing
in your code and I'm and what I'm hoping
is one of these drawers or lockers will
open and I'll be able to get my package
so I'm going to type it in here and
scanning the number down here
my lens was not at the UPS Depot place
where I supposed to pick it up
I'm hoping it's there tomorrow morning
before we leave otherwise I'm gonna have
to get them to deliver to where we're
standing in Mexico and I feel like it
will never get there because it's like
miles from anywhere it's really annoying
knowing that my package is probably in
the depo that's like 10 minutes from
here and I can't get it so we'll just
have to wait till tomorrow morning I
don't know what I'm gonna do if I can
get that lens because this lens is all
right but it only zooms in to like I
don't know comes thinner focus but that
only zooms in that far and I'm used to
having like the 240 so I can zoom Mars
away especially gonna be when we're
gonna be at that like parade hopefully
like the Day of the Dead stuff we're
doing in Mexico I need a zoom lens and I
don't know what I'm gonna do say you'll
find out tomorrow I guess it has been an
awesome day though pretty chill to start
with and then it was really fun ice
skating just getting to know a lot of
people I haven't known until buffa I met
a few of them but like it was cool just
hanging out with the whole score today
and getting to see a bit of Manhattan
before we head off yeah I'll catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
