good afternoon guys
I am had a little laying this morning I
think I'm still in LA time so it's
already 2 p.m.
just going to p.m. these guys had a fun
morning down at the beach to me yeah did
you enjoy that little cycle right we're
now we're gonna head up to these
ziplining I don't know you saw my vlogs
from before here and I did Riya
but this Dominican treehouse village
place has is also it has like a
ziplining activity which is at the top
of this kind of valley so going to walk
up there and help got my GoPro and
really nice way to wake up with us
oh we made it
luckily the day isn't as hot as it was
last time I came out here not as
exhausted go have you done anything like
this before
no you're gonna love it right
on it
you getting so confident
another three houses this is what I want
like a massive tree coming through the
middle you'd have to keep replacing the
floorboards
that's it that's it right right
I can't believe in the beginning you're
scared by the end you're like pilling up
loads gonna move this bridge is super
rocket Wow
I feel like you could easily lose your
footing as well
oh yeah that's two separate planks right
we just lift back to our rooms to get
things to head out and just the heavens
open and it's just stuff different array
we made it on the jungle path through
the rain we're all pretty soaking we do
have plastic bags for the cameras though
we're gonna drive down to the beach and
see it already seems less dark it
doesn't mean I think yeah I think it's
because we're like not in the middle of
a valley we had to cross that River
before and we got stuck in the river
yeah no this is brandy this was
definitely not her yeah she said that
was
oK we've got down to the beach still
still raining a little bit it's nice to
get down here before before the end of
the day
I came down to this beach before we
didn't really walk around like I send
the drone on a little bit of a mission
and being right I got some food here but
I didn't walk down this way apparently
it's like a cool cave or something I
don't know how we're gonna get over that
though without getting wet okay we're
taking our shoes off annoyingly
I realized I left my flip-flops in
Hawaii the other day when we were
adventuring at the waterfall which means
yeah I haven't got very suitable
footwear for Dominican Republic I think
we're going to try and hit a market
tomorrow and find something in the
meantime it's it's all about a barefoot
adventure
whoo that is quite whoa
this is fresh water flowing out from
under this big kind of rock thing this
is a river and then it's heading down
here to the sea we've got a bit of a
landslide those three routes okay dinner
now
all right guys are setting up for BIV
evening slacklining after dinner I just
had a very very tasty bowl of lentil
soup let me see if they've got another
bulb this guy is just showing up
guys it's 6:00 a.m. I've been up all
night editing did a pretty mammoth vlog
like normally when I cut down my vlogs
it's like I don't know 15 20 minutes
like try and cut it down to between 12
to I don't know 18 not link this vlog
one side cut in all the b-roll and the
clips I was thinking of using it's over
an hour long which indicate to me that
is put it was probably similar to
editing or trying to edit for vlogs
back-to-back which is why it's taken so
long to get this one done and since the
the LTA summit and Hillier landing
finishing the world flying and rushing
off onto this trip I haven't managed to
get this vlog done because it's just so
crazy so finally done it
I'm about to render it and hopefully
upload for you guys I'm learning a lot
of lessons about kind of how much to
take on when it comes to future
adventures and how much to try and vlog
but anyway I'm getting there guys I'm
slowly getting there and I'm gonna get
three hours sleep within it I'm gonna
get up for 9:00 grab some breakfast and
head out with these guys and make the
most of tomorrow because we're not here
for long and I want them to enjoy
themselves and for it to be worth it for
them right warning peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
