good morning guys
we have left the hotel we've arrived at
Toronto Airport and today we are flying
to New York it's been a very fun few
days about the festival I'm looking
forward to the travel plans we have over
the next week or so we're staying I
think four days in New York and then
we're going to be heading to Mexico and
we're meeting back up with Steve and
Alexia we're going to be celebrating the
day the Dead festival which is going to
be pretty incredible
the guys whenever I'm traveling on
smaller planes I'm always aware that
they don't like the size of my bag
sometimes and I've literally got free
bags because I've strapped one bag to my
big bag and then I've got the drain so
the lady in front of me had this like
little wheelie carry-on bag which was
smaller than my backpack and she got off
to Checketts I'm like but I so I just
was super smiley and I was just like
trying like a mission lemon so it's my
classic so we have just arrived in New
York as you can hear we are now heading
to Brooklyn where we've booked an air
B&B for like four days and what's the
area of Brooklyn we're going to
Greenpoint
I think it's quite cool area thank you
OOP Cheers
yeah right so guys this is our Airbnb
check this out this is where we're
staying in a few days it's pretty cool
just got some Thai takeout which is
delicious and we're just trying to make
a plan for the rest of the day we're not
too far from a subway stop so I think we
can get to Manhattan easily and it's a
good evening I think we should go
somewhere for the sunset oh yeah we were
like by the water into the sky also guys
check this out I never knew this existed
words with friends board game firstly
rise obsessive ball games secondly words
with friends was like the only game we
played like when we weren't together it
was like the way that we stayed in touch
was playing words of friends unless you
ever I had to delete it off my phone
because I was I couldn't go to sleep at
night until I finished all my words of
friends games and I would get really
just way too into it like probably more
addicted to it and I did Pokemon yeah
and I had to delay if my fight so that's
the story so we're very fair about this
we're gonna play words of friends in
real life so we are going on a little
bit of an explore around our area seems
pretty cool around here
I always enjoy coming to Brooklyn we've
made our way down to the river this is
just phenomenal and and Briah also
pointed out that this little gangway
here is the one that we ran along and
took some photos with it a year ago
yeah was a look at that B is not just
incredible
so you found this really cute little
coffee shop and it's only like two
blocks from where we're staying so we're
just coming in out the cold and getting
a coffee
the writers not getting a coffee
district doing my coffee doing a hot
chocolate georgette baby pumpkin
but look how cool these tables are are
they actually hanging though they just
look like the hanging
yeah it's really nice and here actually
kind of rustic vibe yeah I I feel like
we're going to be spending a lot of time
in it over the next couple of days
unfortunately it's a lot colder in New
York this week than it was last week is
that right oh my gosh last week was like
80 degrees or 27 degrees in some kind of
way and now it's like 12 degrees Celsius
yeah
but perfect for closing evenings
guys are back at our Airbnb and I just
tweeted out earlier asking for people to
ask us questions we're just doing a
little Q&A this evening because it's a
bit the children evening and we haven't
done this in a while
so I'm going to check my Twitter what is
your dream date you are the best okay
honestly no cameras no phones as long as
those two things are happening then yeah
no technology and just us like doing
something cool being somewhere magical
and being happy that we're sharing okay
I'm gonna be jazz and yeah it's nice not
to have like phones and filming I think
it's easy to be present in the moment
when you have that I think it needs to
be somewhere nice tropical like summer
evening somewhere outside chillin so we
can just spend hours like hanging out if
you could have one meal for the rest of
your life or would it be and I'm going
to answer that for each other
okay yours would be kale salad yeah what
would might be yours would be Thai green
curry yeah probably
okay this is a video a question for my
friend Brady Louis Ryan
Brady from Wellington New Zealand
auditions you guys is what's the worst
thing about traveling with your partner
is such a long time sure there's some
tracks or some habits I really
frustrated
each other what are they you making us
late like every foot like when we're
about to leave for a flight and I start
getting stressed if you're traveling
then you're going to be constantly like
taking trains or planes or whatever and
if one person's like good it will relax
and chill yeah a little sinister yeah
but it's like you get stress at least
once a week about missing something
other ones like whatever okay I'm gonna
be like really serious now
I think just like when it's fun the goes
as like regular though regularly as we
are you don't have like the relaxation
time I know a lot of our life seems like
it's a holiday but you don't have the
like down time to get headspace and
spend quality time because we're often
like in places for like a few days at a
time
you have to like adjust jet lag you like
trying to settle into wherever you're
staying so I think at a pace that we
travel like it can be exhausting or your
first impressions of each other these
are great questions um well okay so
right before I met you Lilly told me
about you and she was already like
you're gonna love him he's basically
Tarzan and you guys are like perfect
together this is this is who we met true
Lily's yeah marry me my older brother
lives in New York she knew she knew she
didn't know um so I was like I kind of
had high hopes but I was like I'm not
gonna come too high just in case he's
like weird but yeah you yeah but I think
I was like I had his expectations and
then I was like waiting to see if you're
gonna live up to them and I was like
yeah it's pretty cool I think we have a
huge conversation about relationships
and how you hate people playing games
and I was like ah sounds so refreshing
like I hate people playing games as well
yeah also something weird I've never
said this but basically I wanted to be
an interior designer when I was younger
for Extreme Makeover Home Edition and
like the second day after
we were walking in the park and I
randomly set that and you were like I
wanted to be in here designer you show
that video but when you like designed
your room and I was like this is the
weirdest thing to have in common
yes I was like she's like it's meant to
be what's in store for the lived
adventure crew 2017 a lot yeah we can't
go into specifics but we planned for
trips or if we're planning for trips
around the Year could definite maybe
some more as well or with like the crew
and then hopefully a bunch of little
ones like you know girls one friend fun
stuff like that is all about community
for me that's why I crave the most
that's what they feel like traveling all
the time that's what I'm lacking most so
we need to be really intentional in like
making that happen so we're like we're
planning stuff don't worry guys and a
lot of stuff for you guys to get
involved if there's also fun events and
things yeah how are you - changed each
other in the time you've known each
other I mean this is getting really deep
here but I think my heart my heart got a
little more open and I think I was a bit
more closed off and like cold and
emotionally unavailable from when we
first met yep but I would definitely go
yeah um yeah for me I think you've
helped me like get my spark and I think
for a while I kind of like lost myself
and I know I kind of like muted my color
I really know how to describe it but I
was just like not enjoy a nice about
was it myself and it's weird when I met
you I knew you weren't really yourself
yeah I was like really shy and quiet
yeah I just didn't let my personality
shine and being with you I've been able
to do that and you like bro more that
like more of that out helping me like
shine mm-hmm cool
and I just wanted to do one last one
this is another lecture on anyone whose
hair is longer okay this is really one
right I think this will go all hair will
go up and rip up well it's definitely
yours although this as long as my hair's
ever been it's it's close I also write
trims my hair the other day so who
definitely video yeah well I don't if
you take it out it would be at like what
is it this one's way longer than all of
them anymore
anyway I think mines longer Royal we are
going to be having some adventures
around New York tomorrow and yeah it's
been a children busting fun during the
Q&A and we'll catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure but
