good morning guys we have stayed one
night now in this like luxury treehouse
Beach place I don't know how to explain
it but it is I've never said anywhere
like this in my life this is awesome and
we've just come down for breakfast how
are you guys doing
did you sleep well yeah I'm not just
like only unconscious like using an
activist now you just get his vlog
uploaded but we've decided at some point
in the next couple of days we're doing
like a technology free day where we're
just going to like put our phones down
no plug in and we're just going to like
get a Zen with nature that's the plan I
think
I think I'm up for like not even having
my phone on me yeah okay yeah we go and
I just maybe my laptop in my pocket no I
think camera I'm on camera and check
this break this out guys
ootek hummus vegetables fruit and yogurt
boom my smoothie just arrived thank you
whoa why they do not mess around with
smoothies
we've just ducked back to our rooms
Steven Alexia finishing work Raya is
reading a book outside on our balcony
and I am running myself a bath in this
log the bath is a log for this and look
how cool these taps are as well
that was a lovely bath and now waiting
for Steven Alexia and we're getting a
massage have asked for extra strong
massage like like walking on my back
store
can we get swings when we have our own
treehouse he goes that was great I feel
very relaxed very oily as well I'm
feeling like dripping with oil I think
we're going to drive into town now to
maybe buy a few things and maybe get
some lunch as well because see this
local area is yes Steve and Alexia
haven't seen any of today so how was
your massage
yeah for your hair lucky no hair but
just give you head myself yeah my
favorite this must make some no and I so
good we're just planning our activities
for the next few days gonna take a
picnic right before we go out to lunch
I'm gonna give you a full room tour of
this place because I honestly think this
is one of the most incredible places
we've ever stayed so this is our bedroom
look at this bed it's biggest bed ever
round bed and then this is the mosquito
net obviously fan to keep us cool
because it is very hot tea like sweating
the insides on I kind of liked it like
it like that healthy con it you know
feels like you're in a steam room the
whole time this is the bath that I was
using earlier and Stephen the lecture
actually staying right above us
and Steve's having a bath right now so
it's it's leaking through you know I
kind of like that light it's kind of
it's got that rustic touch to it
I think thankfully it's leaking into a
bus
this is our balcony and I don't know
what you saw last night but showing you
this incredible swing and it's like
outside big swimming pool tub thing and
then if we want it to just stroll right
onto the beach
and then there's a massive swinging sofa
here
that comfy what do you think of this
place incredible place you've ever
staged by far
flash fill the tree after yeah so we're
taking a lot of inspiration obviously
when we have all our own place
still relaxing hearing the sound of the
sea just like the wave lapping up
well someone forgetting think that's
pretty much everything oh and this is
our toilet it's little cute look at
these little cute looks
he's just started raining hahaha
just as we leave for lunch oh my gosh
okay
we Wow
all right we're braving the rain the
place we're staying doesn't have a
laundry service so I'm I'm dropping off
some laundry here at the the local
laundromat got my slip three p.m.
tomorrow these dolphins
you
we swim the Dolphins here oh my gosh
babble I'm a double-whammy
see a beetle and a campervan us that is
it Dave the zero that is the signal
guys we've just got a startup welcome
Olli and chips this is probably the best
 ammonia I've ever had in my life
its seismic agency what is even in this
- we just have a card and magic straight
magic welcome Oh Liam oh my gosh I just
eat all of it this is our waiter Manuel
and he's just made these amazing napkin
roses for the girls
yeah Riya Kevin have a rise
it's Corbin as really good thank you so
much
we're trying to find some things for Day
of the Dead costumes and this particular
story walked into haven't really catered
for tall people so I've been caught by
one of the dreamcatchers what we found
it's preparation but the next a bit long
whoa
you hear that right we are stuck with
stuff in the store
it's already
okay this is me which ones here
and lion this one a demented cat
this is Raya and this is me
is very wet I've told the others to wait
by the shop so I'm going to go and get
the car for them ah this this is not
nice
the camera lights oh let's go why this
rhinestones by the time I hit back happy
raining yester
we're back so we've been watching a very
cool documentary that Leonardo DiCaprio
made called before the flood if you
haven't seen it you can go and check out
I think it's you can watch on YouTube
and like loads of other places but we've
paused it because we just had our food
delivered to the room and I'm very
excited I've got some cool pasta thing
and a massive bowl of fruit we finished
the documentary guys you need to go and
check it out I'm going to link stuff
below for you to go and watch when
you've got some time totally recommend
it very like inspiring to take action
like in our own lives for some of the
massive climate change problems that
we're dealing with so yeah pretty pretty
heavy stuff but so important I am now
editing unfortunately Alexei is feeling
a bit ill when it's her birthday just
turned her birthday which is one of the
reasons we came out to Mexico so I feel
kind of bad I hope she's feeling better
for tomorrow because we've got some fun
plans hopefully she recovers tonight
I've just filled up some water bottles
it's I'm going to take up to them but um
yeah I guess I'll catch you guys in the
morning and hopefully we'll get to do
some fun things the current plan is we
might have to make changes but the
current plan is we're going to go out
and visit some like traditional Mayan
communities and learn about the culture
and potentially we're going to go to a
spider monkey sanctuary in the afternoon
I think that's the current plan and
maybe we'll get to see some cenotes at
some point as well alright catching the
morning peace out enjoy life live the
adventure eh
