good morning guys is of first full day
in Cancun Steve and Alexia have just a
right effluents morning and we're going
to go and join them for some breakfast
yo
so he's happy how is Montreal yeah yeah
thank you
and getting it all the true right time
to go and explore what's the name of the
place we're going to
I'm not licensed for this one you're
going to get money idiot mangia
oh we have just arrived at Xcaret Xcaret
just as we're coming made this big band
that's just
he's chopping in the rain again doing my
finished on the way over here but it
happened we burn on these ponchos we
were given
yeah
Oh in arpeggios this again my kid
doesn't fit when I try this the other
day as well the Nitro+ feeder
thankfully it isn't cold it's like yeah
it's like warm is just wet and warm I
hope in this chill down a minute so we
can stay dry
first priority we're going to get some
food we've come to this like traditional
Mex
and away all the guacamole all of their
score maybe I'm going to eat so you just
take the whole thing but dinner is
served
look how much caught ammonia go a hole
right and we got them and we got the
whistling man serenading us guys check
this out
this is traditional Mexican coffee and
I'm have to serve it with a ladle how
crazy is this
which is the traditional medicine copy
the traditional Mexican couple you see
what's - if it hit is to melt and be rid
the aftertaste taste that normal coffee
but the initial hits like what it tastes
like coffee with a bunch of herbs in it
is to do it but with it just about sweet
really sweet
it tastes like it's got some potpourri
in it that's release its sweets like the
red curry yeah
that horse is braised looks sick
so guys this is a spider monkey but how
long his arms off
this park is awesome it's like a zoo and
then it's got like cultural stuff and
music and where is this guy
whoa
Steve what is this guy tapir I'm not
sure like what what are you from
you hear that thunder
thankfully the rains chilled out a
little bit but I don't know I feel like
it's gonna be stormy all evening
so I'm just finding out a little bit
about the Day of the Dead festival it
happens every year at this time because
people are celebrating their dead
relatives that come back on the 1st and
2nd of November so they believe they
come back so that they welcome them and
like build altars knock them food and
stuff and it's kind of just yeah an
opportunity to celebrate a life and
death and we just heard as well that
some people celebrate in graveyards and
some people even go further and actually
excavate their dead relatives bones and
kind of celebrate that way and then bury
them again every yeah which is a bit
creepy how rad is this so good there's
so much going on I felt like we've only
done like 20% of it
it's crazy look at this yeah what
so this thing we're walking around now
this is a recreation of like a typical
traditional Mexican graveyard right what
do you think of this place I just love
how colorful and unique every single one
is how is like celebration of their life
versus what we're used to is just like
more a bit you know everyone shows your
eyes in here it's about like celebrating
their life
yeah when I first heard about this
festival like oh it's a bit morbid like
going to like a Day of the Dead festival
but now like I'm starting to get
understanding like when I have a funeral
I want people to be like celebrating my
life and like wearing colorful clothes
and stuff check this out so much color
guys no joke a massive bat just flew out
this cave and literally almost hit Steve
in the face it was this big Wow yes six
balance he likes sweets path everyone
just flew off that is nuts Steve oh my
this is warm this is actually really
warm
check this out
we're just a ride big auditorium where
they're about to start shows is funny I
think my brother
a
Hey
while the back
boy look at this
incredible
how snake was that
so yeah
these horses did so well in the
performance I don't know how they didn't
freak out there's like drums and people
like running around them very
well-trained we are heading back to the
hotel
guys we came to find the raccoons again
to show Steve cuz he's never seen a
raccoon have you seen in the raccoon
Alexia wait'll we're on the beach today
on the rock hey man hey Bobby I'm seeing
a raccoon then look how pretty years I
like that guy like nice well it's been
an epic day and the first of many days
of celebrating the Day of the Dead
festival and we don't know where or
exactly what we're going to be doing the
next couple of days but I think there's
loads of local things going on and
parades basically we just want an excuse
to dress up we're going to get like
costumes and face paints and mast we're
going to go all out there's the plan and
we'll show you guys like us getting
ready and stuff is getting pretty
awesome so tomorrow we're going to do
before we leave here we're going to do a
Segway jungle tour none of us have been
on a Segway before so I think that's
going to be pretty funny and then we're
going to go down and have lunch with
this couple that are travelling down
from Alaska I think in this amazing very
school bus I don't have you've seen it
they kind of went viral and Facebook and
stuff but they called their their
accounts expedition happiness and their
bus is unbelievably good like the way
they've done up inside you're going to
see it tomorrow I'll give you a little
tour so we're going to meet up with them
and then we're going to head down to
Tulum where we're staying in this like
awesome eco like beach hotel that it's
kind of rustic and pretty amazing we
can't wait to get down there and yeah
just having lots of fun this week with
Stephen Alexia that's the plan and we'll
catch you tomorrow for our next day in
Mexico
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
