good afternoon guys I've been running
around this morning like crazy trying to
pack and get ready might have to drive
over to Sony pick up her waterproof
housing for a camera and then I went up
to the bus to pick up some things packed
my bags my eva has just arrived and I'm
heading to Heathrow and then flying to
Toronto to meet everyone for the
festival very excited to start raining
this arrived got a bit of time so I'm in
no rush I decided to bring my drone on
this trip because after Canada heading
to Mexico
I think I think we go to bar Luger I'm
not entirely sure so I wanted to be
prepared in case we go to somewhere we
can get some very cool aerial shots guys
that was the longest security trick I've
ever had
honestly no exaggeration I think about
half an hour searching through my bag
taking each individual item out and like
it's like wiping it with that with that
thing oh my gosh that's a test of my
patience yeah very frustrating but
obviously she was just doing her job
I could have maybe taken more out my bag
when it was scammed the got a lot of
electronics but the whole time I was
just like exercising self-control not to
get angry because I'm the other thing is
I haven't really eaten today as well up
and rushing around had a banana that's
about it
and I wanted to stop and get some food
but I've run out of time now
oh the negatives of travel sometimes get
to me but I brought it's worth it still
obviously
I just need to get some food I think I'm
just angry that's what is
and it's a 15 minute walk it's my gait
now
Oh thankfully there's an arrow and I
grabbed a few wraps like
so just landed in Toronto that was
that's the no right flight it's like
about 2:00 a.m. my time they say I'm
gonna try to push through said my body
clocks not totally off loads of other
people are already here they're at the
hotel I think I'm just gonna jump in a
little shuttle bus
well I've arrived to the hotel I haven't
met anyone yet I have done it's uploaded
my vlog on this super fast Wi-Fi I'm
very very impressed
just like 70 make up anyway I'm gonna go
find everyone else now I think they're
chilling in the communal area
I found the Creative Suite see who's
around guys
the part is about overwhelming just
catch those people yeah looks very cool
people care and I'm really looking
forward to this weekend is gonna be so
good we're gonna go and try and find
Steve and Alexia and Jake because as you
know we've all been working on videos to
show on the big screens and think they
are still working on a video have you
done new videos I hear boom this weird
that I'm local people that you submitted
and done the video
seafaring life I've had time they're
like yeah buddies what
yeah I think so yes probs but you look
tired man yeah how did they go or the
filming stuff really well yeah it was a
lot filming this is super long yeah I'm
excited I'm excited about it we have
left Stephen the lecture and Jake hard
at work but I haven't even seen Ben
tonight he's he's finishing his video as
well
Ryan's been finishing her video I feel
really weird that I've done my I just
still wanna go over that I'm just
charging some of my things for tomorrow
as usual it's my nightly routine
something I've just realizes when I got
that like obscenely long bag check where
they just like to get thing at my bag I
left my big battery that I charge my
laptop off sometimes say I'm really sad
and let's try and order a new one of
those because it's super handy I'm gonna
show Raya what they were doing like when
they when they like look to my bag
literally they were doing this okay
imagine that my toothbrush is the little
thing that I put if you ever seen it's
like a little bit material and they like
swipe your bag no joke this is my bag
okay this is like that you can't even
imagine how much stuff of like items
I've got like so many different random
things right they took them all out like
I'm not not joking I think 30 items and
this is what they did quite really slow
like dabbing each one like this then
they'd like turn it and then like dub it
like that then like turn it again and
like dab it like that honestly like this
and then they'd move on to the next item
oh my god
no I'm just using so anyway double of
that freaks you out
anybody bitten my tip is not important
that was just this is just a prop this
is a prop anyway they literally do that
to everything and there's like a qb1
yeah mad and I was just like I'm like
I'm mad - don't worry but then I can get
mad at her she's just in her jokes
anyway that's my story for me today yes
it was too much no I'm I'm feeling
relaxed I think because I have all this
stuff done I'm feeling relaxed about
this weekend and um yeah I'm just gonna
be good it's gonna be lovely weekend
looking full - and I'm looking forward
seeing Ryan's video because she hasn't
shown me she won't show me yet I wanted
to end a big screen night yeah right
I'll see you guys in the morning for day
one at buffer festival peace out enjoy
life live the adventure
