good afternoon guys I am testing
something today you may have already
noticed I'm not filming on my sony a7s -
which I usually do I'm trying out the
new Google pixel phone it was released
today I actually got a handset yesterday
but I've just been playing around with
apparently this is the best mobile phone
camera released ever so I thought why
not try and film a blog with it and see
how that compared to my camera and also
other phones it's obviously not going to
be as good as my camera in terms of
video just things like the depth of
field you'll notice everything's in
focus so it's got a I guess it's got an
auto high aperture but I like how much
wider it is in the iPhone and yeah let's
just just test it see what it looks like
stability dynamic range color everything
all of that and audio as well I have no
idea how this sounds
but I'm on my boosted board and I'm
gonna cruise around and film some things
and we can really really test this
camera out the series and you get
testing the front and rear camera both
1080 I'm not doing anything to okay but
I haven't really changed any other
settings I think I'm shoot at 30 frames
per second I think as Goods plying in
and out light because you can kind of
see how it quickly adjust to exposure
stuff like that
so what's your record I look
I just realized something the back
camera has more depth of field so I'm
going to switch around and see what it's
like compared to the front camera so
this is the back facing camera and
although there's a little bit more crop
from the front
I think there's much better depth of
field and check this out as well if I
come in here I think it does kind of
macro focus as well this is pretty
pretty nice
so far guys I'm thinking this is a
pretty awesome camera obviously the big
test will come when it gets dark and
we're going to do some low-light stuff
but I just had a little whiz around
Cobham we've got some cool shots I'm
pretty impressed all right guys I've
jumped in the car and I'm now running
late for an event in Oxford hopefully
there's not too much traffic even though
it's rush hour right now but I've been
invited to talk on a panel with some
other guests on the subject of
voluntourism at Oxford Union and I can
feed a little bit from my own
experiences but it is an interesting
subject and I think there's a lot of
kind of criticism around it that
sometimes it can do more damage than
good when you're visiting communities
going out there to save the world and
bring the change and stuff but I think
there needs to be some careful thought
given to how we can
yeah we can benefit the global community
and yeah it's gonna be a good discussion
tonight I hopefully will be able to
contribute some valuable things I've
learned no I wasn't going to make this
video a comparison between the iPhone
and of the digital phones but I just
want to give you a little women
comparison mister my iPhone 6s plus and
this is the pixel tone and there's a
considerable difference I think the
pixel phones a lot wider and I going to
crop Tina I feel like the colors more
vibrant on the pixel plane it's a bit
unfair Berkeley this isn't the iPhone 7
plus this is the 6s plus but I don't
think the cameras a lot better when I
get my hand on a 7 I can be a bit of a
better comparison
look
guys I've arrived in Oxford this is Sam
he's showing me where we going I don't
know he finally got me a sandwich and
some coffee media hand think we're on
time I think we're going to be okay I
was a little bit worried to the traffic
but I think we're good
do you think it's gonna go well tonight
Sam yeah should be awesome yeah look
aboard a members-only Oxford Union let's
go and check us out so we just sent some
photos we're about to head in met some
more of the people on the panel I'm
actually quite fascinated walking around
inside one of the colleges because it
feels like I'm in a Harry Potter movie
we're heading there now these are the
other guys on the panel got Matt Kenny
and Philip very excited yes good evening
ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our
first panel event of the term our
question tonight sets up a dichotomy
between CV development and genuine
international development in partnership
with Oxford rag we ask is voluntourism a
CV boost or a burden on communities will
be joined by Oxfam's deputy CEO penny
Lawrence CEO of voluntary services
overseas Philip Goodwin and YouTube
sensations Louis Cole and Matt Lacey
please do join me in welcoming our
panelists my name is lui Cole I have a
YouTube channel fun for Louie I started
about four years ago and I document my
life everyday like a little video diary
and I've done a lot of traveling I've
done 74 countries as of two weeks ago
and yeah I I've got some opinions on the
topic for tonight I think it's very
interesting seeing the escalating
interest of people wanting to travel
with this incentive to go and do
something good as well and I think we
need to draw on that eagerness and just
channel it in the right way and I think
as we discuss through tonight I'll be
interested in hearing opinions and
learning a lot myself I think there are
a lot of dangers
for people to I don't know go in with
the wrong motive and cause damage and I
think they just needs to be the the
right kind of framework in place and
accountability to charitable
organizations and stuff that are helping
facilitate people going out and
volunteering so I guess that's that's my
thoughts I think anything that gets
people out of their own little bubble
and gets them to see a bit of the world
and understand and and think about and
global connectivity is a fantastic thing
must be a good thing I think it's
important to reflect on your actions
whether you are actually having as much
of a good impacts you think you are
I suppose you know my immediate take on
this is you know that the road to hell
is paved with good intentions and the
desire to do good is not enough
I think volunteerism offered as an
opportunity if you have the right heart
on the right spirit is to go saying look
I've come to learn I've come to learn
from you and potentially you know some
creative ideas might come out you you
know vlog and I blog and can we have an
exchange what the world needs is more
collaboration and more social innovation
that comes from diversity tell us you
know what what it is that makes you keep
keep doing this what what's the great
thing about I would say for everyone
traveling can be a you know a
life-changing experience the more of you
experiences the world in different
cultures I think the more empathy you
you that grows for people and situations
and I would say over the last decade
where most of my travels happens I've
gone from being quite black and white
with things and quite naive to being
incredibly open-minded and I think
feeling that I got a lot more time for
people in very different situations that
that i've ever been in
and I kind of I want to hear what it's
like to be them and I think before I
would have had local answers to give
people about what's right and wrong and
what's the correct way to live and the
best way to do things and I think now
I'm more like you know that's totally
softened and I think that's through
traveling right time to leave I was very
very good evening and thoroughly enjoyed
it it has been a fantastic night I've
really enjoyed the depth of conversation
I had even afterwards we like hung out
in the bar and I just chatting to a
bunch of people and yeah it was it was
just a very cool thing to be talking to
a lot of people that think a lot you
know I guess Oxford's known for a lot of
academic people a lot of intellects and
I was a little to be honest I was a
little bit intimidated before coming
tonight I thought you know it didn't
even go to university and I I think I'm
intelligent to some aspect I don't know
how you define that but it was cool to
just have some really good edifying
conversation you know so anyway this one
trying to say it's been very good
conversation tonight and now I've got a
got an hour-and-a-half drive home so I
just pulled over because I want to do a
quick test at nighttime with this camera
I'm going to compare it to my iPhone and
then I'm going to compare it to my a7s2
so guys this is side by side with the
iPhone it shows you the low-light
capabilities of the Google pixel phone
and the iPhone 6s plus so guys this is a
test with the iPhone the Google pixel
phone in my a7s2 and
you'll get an idea why okay you'll get
an idea why I don't I don't use a phone
yet to do all my vlogs because of this
the extreme low light capability the
a7s2
and here's a low-light test for the
front-facing camera as you can see
compared to my a7s2 it doesn't quite cut
it but it is an unfair test really
because this is a phone this is a very
thin phone and this is a big chunk
camera so I've just met some guys that
have offered to show me around one of
the colleges here which I think pretty
cool because it's not open to the public
so gonna have a little look around do
you ever get used to all this amazing
architecture because I feel like I lived
here I'd just be constantly just
everyday or like I mean my college is
right here so I step out and I see this
and it's just it's absolutely also so
good the things crazy this is opening
the day for tours tours and which one of
these colleges was like you using the
Harry Potter film someone was saying
well yeah now it's Hogwarts with that
great hall from hypotenuse crisis
College Hall close to visit estate enemy
yeah they're all sort of really quite
old Ewald Ian yeah yeah it's very much
like Hogwarts I love it I love it I love
these big doors as well this is mad it's
just so over-the-top big isn't it
right and back like I said it's been a
great night I thoroughly enjoyed it a
lot of cool conversations and yeah it
was nice to have been invited thank you
to the guys over at the Oxford Student
Union yeah I'd like to do more stuff
like that that was very good I feel like
I stretched my mind and also it's been
quite a lot of fun vlogging on this
Google pixel of today and I still
haven't been convinced to switch to a
phone to vlog on but it is pretty
capable I am looking forward to trying
to use this as a phone I think for a
while I'll probably just have my iPhone
as well but I just want to see whether I
can transition to the Android operating
system and whether that's something I
can get used to because I want to think
you know I want to be more open-minded
about technology and if there's anything
that's going to give an iPhone a run for
its money I think it's going to be this
guy so as to see how it goes I'll keep
you updated on any cool features and
things I find out about it but yeah I'm
liking it so far it's pretty good you
know keep you posted anyway tomorrow I'm
going to Canada for their buffer
festival and I've submitted my two
videos they're going to be premiering
there and yeah I'm looking forward to
seeing everyone and seeing what they've
made as well it's going to be a pretty
crazy weekend I'll see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure Oh
