good afternoon guys today we have a lots
to do
we basically have to get the bus ready
for our launch event tomorrow obviously
I wasn't around yesterday I was doing
The Stand Up to Cancer Campaign but at
London
and Mike was away as well so it's given
us basically today to finish off the
last things that we need well it looks
like it's a few boys in to help as well
so we're just we're just getting the bus
as ready as it can be it's not only
finished about everywhere we'll try our
best to do as much as we can
yes Bry yeah good yeah right our first
discussion today is the problem of how
long is gonna take the heat of water so
we're thinking we might try and drive
with it partially full just discussing
the potential dangers of that I think it
might be alright we're gonna start
heating now ready for tomorrow night
yeah suction into the filler right
right I'm just having a little chats my
dad I've sent them down to screw fix
nearby just all their clothes to get a
few extra bits so yeah a hundred of
those screws and then those rivets do
they say 250 rivets and just turn the
pump on okay I'm gonna go and see what
it's like filling I haven't seen it
being filled yet just got back good job
dad how quick just before shutting
ourselves oh that's good so we got
everything we thinks he told him what
are you doing with this stuff I did
good hand
I think the main job before shifting
tomorrow is getting this roof sorted so
we're just measuring up right now and
figure out how we're gonna rip it all
the metal um nothing riveting for a
little while it's off the corners
remedies on and get it done by two hours
well I think it'll be good to do it
before it gets dark my name
this is Luke is building some little
platforms for the speakers at the back
so guys see this triangle corner here
you're gonna have to cut this out the
sheet now
sweet yeah somebody's giving me a job to
get some wood from this big pile of
scrap wood to build some battles with
his because we haven't got the full
heating system stored on the bus yet
it's gonna take a while to heat the
water for tomorrow night so we're gonna
start heating it now and we are going to
try and drive with the hot tub half-full
like I saying earlier so you'll be
alright we put some battles and the
battles basically to stop the water
sloshing around too much inside when
we're accelerating and braking
it's gonna have a look let's see if it
fits
meet a need
so just talking through how a rivet gun
works daddy this is called the rivet
this is a soft aluminium I kept it nurse
of like a nail inside and as you use a
rivet gun it pulls nail through the soft
aluminium that crushes up underneath the
plates enlarging and keeping within one
place smells like a head to the nail and
as it finishes it snaps off this T
shapes and arrests on the seats and then
drop into the main depth of the water so
ya avoiding the sloshing
Mikey's hooked up a halogen light our
friend down has arrived to help my dad
still hard at work riveting up there and
I'm gonna order some food for everyone
so we stay energized and fueled for the
late night ahead at work I've climbed on
the roof and we are gonna be riveting in
the second sheet so this is the other
half I'm kind of taken over Josh's role
they did a very good job earlier you see
these rivets in here unfortunately it
it's pitch-black now so we've had to rig
up her and like I don't know I'm there
where's that from oh no no no what's
happen like literally my first attempt
by a second derivative broke in the turn
I been down more but then done more toys
look at this
my dad hit his head because we had a
clamp sticking out the ceiling this
should be a hardhat area yeah yellow
things but Mike wasn't providing one so
yes bad
dad that is pretty dangerous nutzy do
they come to the hand back out when he
did it okay okay we have a late guys we
have a lake is it are you applying so so
what the hose is filling the tanks full
so when it was they feel they overflowed
into the bus is that weapon right hold
on dad
high five got the last rivets done oh we
we have to very quickly clear up all the
things that we don't need in the bus
because Jim and the guy who runs the
whole site here where we're renovating
the bus is offering to drive the bus
over to the location we need it for
tomorrow and he can only do it now so
without him around within a screw so
he's going to do that and then yeah then
we probably be carrying on until the
early hours that's it we have just fired
up the engine so I figured out our plans
so I could join Jim for the journey
putting me off at my first time I'm
moving in this bus four years
and then I think my dad and Dan and Mike
gonna meet us over at the the venue
alright guys this is what happens when
you drive with a hot tub top of a
double-decker bus
we shouldn't we gotta let some water out
the tanks are very very tall the tanks
are right filled to the top and they
don't have a bung in the top
it's a lot of sites way
she's so real
hey mate I'm locked on the roof Mike
forgot to put a handle on the door did
me
I think Jim's gonna come and get me they
must a with a slam shut alright and I
stuck in the race
we have arrived
Suede's
how tight is that fringes for man oh we
go ahead still need to shut the game so
yeah just let's go Jim yeah
well it's quarter to three in the
morning when you're finished for the
night still a lot more to do tomorrow
josh is an absolute legends been doing
all the electrics I put their baby in
the morning right yeah
I'm gonna drive back and get their sleep
but I'm really gonna have to get out bed
tomorrow and I've got a lot of things to
do I'm gonna be running a lot of errands
like getting different things who needs
we're gonna get some food and drink for
a little gathering get some seating
sorted I don't know what I'm gonna do
yet and get a load of blankets and stuff
because it's getting a little bit chilly
but I'm very excited for tomorrow guys
make sure you tune in to tomorrow's vlog
and I'll show off the pretty finished
bus and and what its gonna be like when
we start having a little parties on
there and get the hot tub going and the
TV and stuff right I'll catch in the
morning peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
