good morning guys today I'm heading up
to London to the new YouTube space where
I'm gonna be meeting up with a bunch of
other youtubers we're doing a livestream
for The Stand Up to Cancer Campaign that
I've been talking about this week
it's gonna be pretty awesome I'm hoping
a lot people tune in and be able to
raise a lot of money right I parked up
and Kings Cross we've known they're now
running about ten minutes late but the
live stream I think doesn't start till
about 3:00 p.m. there's gonna be quite
exciting to team up with other people
and raise money for cancer research and
I think people have been doing all sorts
of things like I guess sponsored
they're doing crazy activities and stuff
then it's been good to feel a part of
something bigger like you're working
together towards something right up the
throne is to share quickly and then I
flip the livestream starting in 15
minutes starting earlier than I thought
is to incoming I did get sent one of
these I live now hi
alright
t-minus nine minutes until we're on the
air it's gonna be a lot of people it's
like a party vibe I've got two sorts
I've just been talked through what they
like itinerary for the day is I'm doing
a little social media thing about
reading up he was tweets and then I'm
doing that interview about the giveaway
we're doing on the channel
just uh was going to stop the live
stream thank you thank you develop the
new year
we never we never conceived tonight
look at these cameras looking summer six
to the first yeah no it's number six
with Evan Luke and marina she just
showed me her amazing flashing shoes to
tease out what I waited to get those I
want a pair
oh okay yeah sit very big get some would
like your Facebook I found myself in the
video wall guys I found myself
Joe has finally shown up with him he was
running a little bit late guys
disembarking yeah I'm in shock
we're also
he's literally his flights in like two
hours
let me just
okay we're at the starting line with
Miss Hilary Karl how are you do you know
you put yourself in for you have no idea
what this is
you probably work only one youtube star
can be chosen to race helmet must be
worn okay I got your mangas head I never
can fit helmets on but we'll try it
maybe won't need one
I don't know honest but this isn't gonna
work
it's like plop it on top just take it
down those token then put it on the
floor no maybe not no I don't think this
is gonna help I'll just avoid head
injury I think on the voice yeah I think
your dreadlocks will bounce the fall
anyway so you're fine okay let me go
everyone make your way down to the car
on your marks if you get set go he's
going Tony game
Hey
okay let me come and join us well done
that was amazing I'm gonna get the time
now let's congratulations right can I
get the time now so we can I'm now gonna
confirm that you did in fact beat my
score last time nice nice
placing you second place you guys think
seconds yeah joint second place second
place
No that was amazing
guys that was pretty cool this was an
obstacle I was worried about but I
managed to come in joint second place
beat Casper Casper wasn't great right
I'm doing a segment now with M and
Connor and we're doing we're reading
people's tweets a bit like sending
tweets hash tags than that it's good to
draw in that like global like knowing
that people that get involved globally
and we're all in it together so we're
here at the donation station once again
computer donation station we've been
going for your tweets you've been
getting in touch using the hashtag stand
up with whitey keep doing that because
we love reading through them yeah I
think it's just incredible that people
are doing things back home it doesn't
have to just be like us and youtubers
and the people gathered here today but
this is just all over the place get
involved and it just I really feel it's
cool that we're standing together to do
this so sweet allow really encouraging
absolutely doing it we've got miss
Shawnee 95 saying almost 2 a.m. in
Australia are still enjoying the
stand-up with YouTube donated so many
times loving this
that's awesome in Australia they vote
all their or all around the world
for a little coffee it's an energy bat
I'm heading now for my last little
section for today it's been really nice
today because in between the things I'm
doing downstairs and hanging out we've
done there it's been chilling up here
just catching up with a bunch of people
it's always nice of these events to see
all the other youtubers that I get to
see my think I've got a thing what their
thing mm-hmm last thing how you go
saying I'm like oh we good are we going
okay where do you want me hello sorry Oh
am i late okay I've got a class okay
Louie
tell us about the amazing fundraiser
that you've got going on right now yeah
so I I gave some thought to what could I
do in my channel to promote what we're
doing today and look at ways to raise as
much money as possible so I thought why
don't I set something up to give
something back to my audience so I got a
few other brands involved to donate some
items for these little travel kit
essentially and then the big prize I'm
offering is a adventure weekend in the
UK for two all expenses paid and then
I'm going to have dinner with them at
the end of the weekend yeah so I thought
what I'd do is offer their out to my
audience and basically for every
donation every five pound donation it
puts them in essentially like a prize
draw to get one of those prizes so yeah
I think it's been doing pretty well and
I think they've got until midnight in
the 17th so like 11:59 on the 17th to
enter and you can go and enter on the
stand-up council website amazing that's
until Monday guys Monday the 17th isn't
it yep well everything has finished it's
been an amazing day I just want to show
you guys like inside ground control is
where they mix everything down that was
blond class today
it's very very exciting they're
privileged to be a part of it all and I
think we're going to go out for some
dinner now with some of the some of the
guys we're heading out that was great
how did you find it semi yeah you did
well man you and Mickey yeah we we found
their way out of the building yeah how
did you find the day they like being a
part of the yeah how much was it in the
end you know the figures so last year I
don't even remember I was in New York
and these guys did a logical with me any
problem ie ox you said it was like it's
so late I can hear us yeah you hear a
person yeah yeah it's good to be
involved in person this time and yeah we
did well good work team we are still
looking for somewhere to eat I've just
found these amazing fountains are they
just going off look at these colorful
lights this is so cool what is going on
we have managed to find a place to see
everyone the volume up what a lovely
evening it's really nice
hanging out of that whole YouTube crew I
don't really spend much time with those
guys but it's always a pleasure and it's
getting quite late now find my way back
to answer sorry I've got a big day
tomorrow in with we're gonna be spending
all day on the bus getting it ready for
Monday I'm pretty lost well I have just
arrived back at my parents I'm gonna
head in and get some sleep
it's been exciting to share today with
you and just to do something different
and to do it with a bunch of other
youtubers as well and is there a good
cause to support and if you want to
watch the entire live stream is up and
the Stand Up to Cancer YouTube channel
I'll link their livestream below you can
kind of watch a bunch more of it's by
showed you some fun little clips and you
know I had I had an awesome day I'd love
to do more stuff like that I really
enjoy yeah just doing things together
with people and it's good to see some of
the guys haven't seen in ages right
I see tomorrow for a day on the bus I'm
gonna actually do some stuff I keep
saying that Byam I'm gonna do some stuff
on the bus tonight
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
