good morning guys
welcome today to buffer festival we are
out the hotel we are walking to
screening it's the comedy screening will
and Adrienne have been working on a
series I think they're showing the first
episode here so I'm very excited to see
it I've heard it's very the humors kind
of like I don't know quite like dry
maybe British so in my going with
something was head start looking for
seeing it
and and today isn't day yesterday was
raining when we were water to lunch at
this time but check this out this is
this is a beautiful beautiful Saturday
morning guys we saw this last night at
the gala this is like a cross between
Charlie Brown and stranger things I like
it or not Chuck upside down hiding for
monsters anymore but I'm still not happy
I don't feel the way I'm supposed to
feel
men won't be wanting to say that about
three years now when I guess I turn a
hobby is in we should have realized that
it shouldn't really exist maybe meant to
be made so sorry yeah yeah sorry yeah
let's say everybody we just spent the
last like month just looking at each
other just and we just like what we've
done in the end like what are you
shooting it wasn't that weird well that
was a very interesting screening I think
I just got a slightly different sense of
humor than a lot of people babel
mainstream it's cool that we got to do
something they wanted to do for a while
I didn't fully understand it but you
know it was it was cool it's cool I
think we're gonna we're gonna go find
some food now are the dates become even
nicer
this is just beautiful
guys look at this go go free
so in our mission to find food we've
wandered into a meat market this isn't
really my vibes but then there's cheese
cheese as well also not really not not
really what I'm looking for we found
somewhere
we found real good food this is a really
good food you know look at this this is
called the harvest ball and this is good
the sunshine ball and I like sunshine
state and isn't your name being sunshine
or something okay right we rushing in
quickly for devan's screening his
Iceland screening
well unfortunately we have to leave in
the middle of Devin's screening but it
was incredible that Iceland footage oh
my gosh me and wife have to head over to
our screening out to the traveling
adventure thing
yo i Devin's things looking sick man
right we're in the green room
so you're looking forward to the screen
about 40 minutes late for our screenings
for the audience
saurons video
it's my film again I wanted to pump the
octopus
screening is over that was really cool
we now meet a bunch of people that are
watching of screening these kids to play
right nice to meet you okay so I just
met Reagan on little red carpet me out
big waver this thing's good and she just
told me that one of the things with
their bucket list is to meet me and I
can cross it off the list
Meiko
just how did you find your first I know
my first we showed it for you the
natural complete natural yeah yeah ok it
was amazing like I want to just it just
makes me inspired I want to keep on
pushing great content yeah yeah
fifteen years from now yeah just travel
things with that is really sick
okay it's time for food how are you how
many cameras come you know so much room
so much one comes in to Devon bro I need
to watch the rest of the ice with the
only what's a half an hour of it that's
now I need to I need to come here
that was lovely dinner we're now gonna
try and see the last little bit of the
performance that they've got over at
their fish tonight we've missed quite a
lot of it yeah but I think it ends in 40
minutes so
you
we grabbed literally the last couple of
tunes that that guy was playing there's
good vibe in there but we are we're
gonna wander back to the hotel now see
you other people Roxy I'm actually
really exhausted I feel hey I feel yeah
today's taking it out of me I just
what's of screenings watching loads of
cool videos but maybe not the most
interesting day for you guys we're
chillin in precedences room and Corey's
dog has just run in do you remember how
much they hated me last year
yeah people bending over scares them
yeah so you crouch down for America oh
this is Chewie
this doesn't like me
3vi does not like right tomorrow I've
got another panel it's the daily
vlogging panel and I'm showing like a
really cool cinematic fare on my shot
when we went to Amsterdam and it's not a
daily vlog but it was filmed in a day
it's a very different style than I
usually do
it's more like what urban Montana thing
that Sam helped me do so I'm looking
forward to showing that and then they'll
be up seed and yeah just hanging out
people again having good conversations
and just building this community or just
reconnecting with this community
let's say right touching the morning
guys
peace out into your life live the
adventure
