good morning guys I'm in Toronto I
arrived late last night for buffer
festival it starts today
we've got a gala event a red carpet
event tonight that I just went and got a
tux fitted for and now I've got a few
press interviews before the rest of the
day starts I haven't seen everyone yet
but I think we're gonna go and try and
get some brunch with Stephen Alexia and
Internet Hey I'm Louis Cole from
tomfoolery and this is created
confidential if I wasn't making YouTube
videos right now I think I'd still be
doing something similar to what I was
doing before I started YouTube which was
like community youth work I've got a
double-decker bus back London I've
kitted out as a yeast Club a music
studio and I'll probably still be
running projects around the country on
them so I've done two interviews now I
think I've got people always look who it
is
devon has come to buffer festival you
excited to be here both sigh yeah nap
starts telling premier inner Iceland
film which is literally like a premiere
like what a couple years ago it was a
long time ago for Devon I think this is
one of the reasons I wanted to act
Iceland in the first place Devon went
out there how long did he shoot out
there for did you do like 15 days I've
been there twice yeah second time and we
went all out to make a feature-length
documentary and how long is it like an
hour or something yeah it's an hour long
Wow here at the buffer festival for the
first time this Saturday do you know
where it's gonna be after that you know
yet Netflix YouTube red I'm gonna see
what's the best fit yeah even like it I
don't know when when it does get a line
somewhere at some point in the future
I'll let you guys know because I just
watched like the first edit that he was
doing back in the day it was like I
think I like I think I cried a little
bit it was so powerful so I cannot wait
to see it
stay tuned bro I just stepped into
another interview I think this is my
last one I'm not sure who are you guys
Yuri Shahi from best BP best fan TV as
is their Peter as a videographer cool is
this I think my big thing next is not
just continuing to make it about me but
building the brand to my slogan which is
live the adventure which is now like the
brand that I'm wanting to operate under
an umbrella thing and then drawing in
other travel youtubers and creators and
trying to bring this crew together where
we go and do all the things together a
lot of next year I want to be doing
group trips with this crew where we all
making our own content and yeah that's
really excited me interviews done it's
now lunchtime and with Raya
did you finish film your video yet yeah
we need to do a few more things I need
to edit my video yesterday as well but
yeah it's gonna get nice and firm
now with the boys yo did you much sleep
last night Dean if you store in the vlog
last night Steve was up with Alexia Jake
work ours where's Jake did Jake any any
slick Jake got the least amount Oh today
what a legend yeah but your your video
submit now yeah nice Ben's your video
submitted trow you'll be working part
how many hours in total on the article
in Vice weirdly last night I just spent
like two weeks doing painting century
and then 20 percent in one night bird
noises
yeah deadlines yeah I work well under
pressure as well but somehow I get my
videos
classic avocado enclosed rise going for
the very sensible knife and fork
approach
I've just been obviously stuffing in my
mouth look at the size of this pumpkin
weight right oh my gosh
yeah yeah oh my god me and Roy have
walked over to the little chill area
because we need to wait to get my Tufts
and Ryan needs to get her dressed like
Steve comes in - Josh hey there Josh I'm
doing well you're looking good man
I'm half done this is the same shirt I'm
getting we used to apply but no the
pants aren't done yet because the
tailors are working on him yeah for now
half dressed okay this is a cool
gangster look no I like it I like it
are you excited for dressing up and
apparently Roy has an amazing dress I've
never wanted like a long dresses
oh no and mrs. Eric finally got to me mm
good yeah it's gonna beat you yeah
you're the reason why it's urgent
yeah no joke I found your channel 25
years ago and I'm just like what is this
guy filming his life going to all these
cool places then I start my channel to
slowly start traveling sweet and we live
in the same building in New York yeah
it's really no the same literally same
building I mean there's the same
building on link Eric below check it
slugs out as well base it's cool just to
be around like-minded passionate people
about vlogging video making and I cannot
wait to see all of the videos that
people are going to be showing this
weekend's so excited
all these vets say we call them
waistcoats and weights truckers or July
is that way or Gillett to do right
 the mustard yeah yeah what's up
you can take the moustache cream yeah
what do all these families also say uh
hold it here like okay look at whoa whoa
this is like I'm going to a royal
banquet with the Queen
Judi what you are do they not tell you
come on kids did you agree I definitely
would
it's nothing what I need a top hat right
you need tails yeah we are ready to head
down guys look how stunning royal it's
she is just incredibly gorgeous look at
this dress oh my gosh I'm like so proud
to be walking down the red carpet with
uh I'm like yeah that's right that's
right and willing Arden how you guys
doing
I missed you in the UK like it kept it's
like a few days out every time yeah oh
my gosh yeah yeah yeah we're gonna go
and get food cuz I'm sorry I'm sorry
is Adrienne ready yet yes quickly not
phaedra and TVs yes Adrian you ready
all right good
all right I found some food I'm trying
to eat as much as I can before we have
to go to the red carpet
hello Ricky's over here angry are you
guys yeah that is a problem
do you excited for the weekend yeah
I am very excited yeah it's going to be
good I can't wait to see all the people
and stuff doing the show tonight
yeah I grow a lot of chili see I might
have been too many chilies in it
we literally again on the last limo
outfit
we're ready we are ready to roll oh boy
we have a ride rolling down the red
sporty hello guys it it it's another
tattoo this is my this is my handwriting
right here window they give you this
VidCon yeah it was here it was before
last year holiday how long have you have
it I no way that is so cool
I'm sorry I can't write better I mean I
think it looks lovely but I just I just
need my hand Ryan right
we got some interview wife's going on
here you can spot soya coming in from a
mile up because he's blogging with a 1dx
- literally the biggest possible
vlogging camera guys did I show you this
year this is Ryan's bag how sick is that
is - perfect
and so we're having this event and all
the youtubers think all the other
youtubers are in it we actually haven't
told any of them who's in it we have
watched all 200 videos and as a team we
have picked not necessarily the best we
have picked what we see as our favorites
we want to saw like our favorites I
apparently I'm gonna get my thing time
so five months ago I get a random visit
from one of my good friends one for
Louie a gay movie call where you got
right over there some record of he is
just going back from the greatest
experience he has had and his filmmaking
career something he told me if he was
like shaking with excitement as far as
it changed his life in the way he
perceived the world and that my friends
in the film that we are going to see me
included the experience for the very
first time without any further ado fun -
Louie
yeah
dear Donna whispered
that's so not ambition Donna dreams our
lentil of the body I'm in I posted and
talked a lot about body positivity and
confidence and I'm given a lot of advice
about it
students thing is coming up next Wow was
created shot and edited over three days
it was meant to be a spot laminate Anto
based coffee bar just like many that
I've done before
I didn't expect us to find something
beyond the coffee bar itself love that
love yes boys
Cory are you happy with the goal I have
you're so much better yeah Oh instead
you would only when we were trying you
align I just off the girl you're gonna
throw the Gala's over yeah really I once
the Galahad sir cuz there's nothing I
can do I was like please nothing crash
please nothing skip please nothing for
those of you that haven't watched
haven't been liked bump or haven't seen
my videos before Cory is the guy he's
the visionary he's making it all happen
he's the legend it's a lot of people
thank you so much
how did you find it when your name came
out I got so
I know I wasn't sure if Jenny we
genuinely didn't know whether we were
going to get enough shine I got to show
a video that I haven't shown you guys
yet I don't know when or whether I'm
going to be uploading is but nice nice
to see your own boat big screen we'd be
waiting for Sawyer we found them by
let's go get boots it's the end of the
evening it's been spin just such a fun
time and just so nice in people's videos
on the big screen tonight um I know I
couldn't film it all but of some little
clips and yeah as soon as Steve and Ben
release the videos they show tonight
I'll definitely remind you guys but you
should keep an eye out for those and
yeah I think I'm gonna I am going to
release the video I show tonight a lot
of people loved it yeah and then I've
got another one installed to show
everyone I think the day after tomorrow
so I've got a few screenings the next
couple of days and yeah still still a
lot busted buffer festival left and I'll
catch you in the morning peace out into
real life and live the adventure the
