good morning guys I've come down from
Leatherhead today with the old Saints
coffee shop or with Dave and Rachel and
we are having fun meeting about live the
adventure stuff to sum it all so guys if
you watched my vlog the other day on the
flight back from Sri Lanka and I
announced this big prize draw
competition thing I've got all of the
items that were giving away that I
thought would actually show you so we've
got there the stony WX 500 camera we've
got and the High Sierra backpacks and
well so we've got the candy towels these
are actually round towels which i think
is crazy
I won't open them because we need to
give these to you guys we've got penny
skateboards got a penny and the nickel
in there and I think we've got a bunch
thanks Cole look at design palm trees
what and this is all gonna fall over and
and they live the adventure Purdy
t-shirt and tote bag and then I need to
sign these Instagram pictures that we've
got printed off I think there's a couple
of different options but if you watch a
video the other day this is all in aid
of Stand Up to Cancer a bunch of
different youtubers are doing different
things and I thought the funnest way to
raise money would be to do it every way
where you can enter for five pounds
essentially like a raffle and then that
we five runners-up and then one big
prize which is you'll get all of this
stuff and a trip in the UK all expenses
paid and at the end of that trip I'll be
coming in the joint joining you for
dinner so I just thought I'd mention it
again the final application date to do
this is on the 17th which is Monday at
11:59 so midnight and that's going to be
the last possible way to enter the
competition
and the way you enter I said on the
plane the other day
you can text all gone to the website
I've since found out that texting will
cost
they'll take more of the cost away so it
won't all go to the Cancer Research but
I think the most efficient way to give
would be to go through to the website or
some link below and you can donate it
there we've already had a load of people
enter and donate and the main reason for
this is to raise money so and this is
just a bit of an incentive and something
fun to give back to you guys as well so
thanks all the donations from the brands
penny stony Gandhi's High Sierra
mommy missing anyone that's what the
brands in it and so yeah I'm excited
do this and also I'll be keeping your
guys updated but we've just had a very
fun chat around plans for the travel
summit in January so for those of you
that were lucky enough to get ticket to
that it's gonna be amazing
here's all the stuff laid out guys I
need to get signing these for you but
this is exciting this is very exciting
the managed to get hold of one of these
Sony cameras this is like a white
version I just want to show you how
amazing the zoom is on this right so
check this out right Dave is all the way
over the other side of the room rosalie
yeah check this out
this is over 30 times optical zoom
oh no this is that
boom
what's a sick camera I'm excited to be
giving six of these away to you guys all
for a good cause just had a very
productive day lots of planning with
Dave and yeah I cannot wait to tell you
guys what we've been planning it's it's
kind of crazy this isn't even the summit
this is this is something bigger we're
planning later in the year next year but
I won't announce it yet I am now I think
I see Steve Steve no oil okay guys I
have arrived at Steve's and we're taking
the dogs for a walk they are a bit
mental right now am i letting them off
okay yeah he's so social that blue how
you doing Steve anyway I'm good man
yeah I'm feeling you're not I don't know
if it's the change of season I'm feeling
a little bit rundown at the moment I'll
bro meet exactly the same I think it's
the change of seasons by the cold air
that rose what we got over a week here
just over a week are you going early
oh yes Steve shooting a video out there
yeah before buff vegetable too easy to
screen at buffer festival under pressure
we've got all the shoots are pretty much
that really really early because it's a
coffee shop like they set up and there's
I don't talk too much about it but you
have to come here yeah yeah and also
Steve and Alexia have been back-to-back
vlogging this month October yeah if you
haven't checked other videos go and
check them out they visited Dave's land
the other day I think I've seen this did
some drawing shots of the hut and stuff
yeah that was fun I'm excited days man
yeah and it makes you like it makes me
he like I want to get involved yeah when
you see people doing stuff that they
really know about and they love you can
really tell in their face and how they
like talk about it and that's what i've
been loving days of law
spy
well I had a nice little cat I was Steve
I'm now on my way to get some dinner my
friend Matt Roy I'm at my friend Matt's
house we've just been up some Chinese
food and he's shown me his brand-new
amazing specked out PC and check out
this keyboard do the ripple guy well we
linen oh my gosh this is under it
dude like disco bait go disco imagine
1001 guys work with that going on
oh that is impressive right I'm back at
my parents I had a little bit nice neck
and I had a bit of a realization tonight
guys that I am juggling a lot and that's
because I'm trying to do a lot I trying
to catch up with friends throughout the
day which isn't always as interesting
for you guys but this is very important
for me and my relationships in my life
you know I'm also trying to make vlogs
everyday and find entertaining stuff
stuff that I'm enjoying new things I can
explore things like to share about my
life and what not to I still I still I'm
really loving that
but there's practical things as well
I've been sitting down on my laptop
since I've been back trying to figure
out an edit for buffer festival I've
seen Ben has been working for 30 hours
on his artic visual vibes which I'm
looking forward to by I'd have to
sacrifice a lot to sit down and edit for
30 hours and I'd have to take like three
or four days off vlogging as well
I also obviously I'm here are parents
and realized that the last few days how
much stuff I own so I just want to show
you this is the clothes and various
things that I'm giving away or giving to
the charity shop not my drying my drain
can stay and so there's like a bunch of
stuff so many clothes bags this is a
bunch of stuff I haven't even sorted
through yet most of which I can probably
get read over or donate to people and
then I'm trying to just kind of gather
my things my life is so hectic as you
know and trying to organize things is
difficult so often when I'm kind of
popping past my parents on the way in
and out of the country to different
trips I just grab what I need and I
throw things down and I I've made a big
mess and I've left a lot of things and
so I'm just trying to organize but it's
very hard to find time to do it because
like I said I'm juggling so much so
anyway that's my store of the day today
guys is I guess trying to avoid having
to jog you so much maybe maybe taking
less on or trying to achieve less is the
way to do that but if you guys have got
any suggestions of how I can get all the
things done that I need to get done
without feeling a bit overwhelmed and
like I'm I'm in chaos
helpful for me but um before we go quick
reminder guys as I said at the beginning
the vlog please enter this competition
there's loads of cool things that I want
to give to you guys but the overriding
thing what we can all team together and
support is this Stand Up to Cancer
Campaign we can all the donations are
going to cancer research and yeah I
think it's about gathering together and
this big team effort one last thing I
forgot to tell beginning the vlog which
I said in the other vlog
unfortunately applicants can only be
from the UK now I know that really sucks
because a lot you aren't from the UK
don't worry there'll be other
competitions giveaways opportunities for
you guys to win things I'm going to try
and figure out ways to do more of that
but yeah thanks for following my journey
getting involved and I'll see you in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure Bing
