good afternoon guys today it's quite an
exciting day because with the come down
to pick up a little tiny house a little
shepherd's hut that dave has bought an
eBay and he's had some troubles have you
been watching his channel on bringing
the little Hut to his land so we just
arrived at this guy's house and our
friends Sammis laid it on the back of
his van that's a fun little house in it
oh here he is
Dave yeah boy it's just clear like five
minutes go boom
boys oh you're a bit off more than you
can chew I'm beanidea
cool okay give us a little tour quickly
once it's still like ah write this yeah
this could be the last moment the hot
ever exist
yeah yeah you know yeah we got remember
right so remember how is before it falls
actly okay so you are in the living room
eight the end is the soap area no this
is and you can put a slide here it makes
a bit of a double bed you got a wood
burner here which is small one but you
don't want it any bigger for a little
little heart bit like that and then
you'll see the chimney that attaches and
yeah it goes out through the roof or we
got take it off this is a single guest
bed alright
and then this is my double bit yeah I
got a beehive in the corners yeah that's
not as handy get a little mate I'm gonna
make your own honey yeah something like
that
what is going on I'll have to sort that
it's a bit annoyed move it and then this
is your bed up this is my double yeah
yes right in this kitchen area in the in
the kitchen with obvious all the
essentials for kitchen yeah all the
basics
we've got microwave and fridge obviously
there's the small matter of finding
power to fund tiny there didn't you get
it straight Pat you got a soda pedal
Rock the solar panels yeah but I don't
blow a wall of the door to deal with a
hungry pursuit of those and then there's
the bathroom got it which will go in
here
is that what we got no we should take
these mirrors off they're gonna come
absolutely flying off the wall oh we got
a bathroom we got a toilet toilet I got
to figure out what a flushing Twitter
yeah but we're not gonna be on grid so
you have to compare that unfortunately
in the compost toilet thing with it and
then the shower plate babe and it's a
proper loo with a view mate right now
it's a woods and then I'll put a shower
head yes bro yes yes oh oh I don't know
what she's called ah guys what should he
call it now you suggest below suggesting
look in the comment being severe pain by
the time we get there if we get it well
if the airport waiter we can I don't
think you save yourself alright we've
got the metal wheels throwing them in
the back of Dave's car these are 100
years old counting so basically when you
when you connect the a tow bar you have
to plug in the light so it lights up the
trailer as well this is this this thing
here it's a plug listen if Sam wasn't
with us I wouldn't have zero hope but
now I've got like 100 percent over you
think he's gonna work yeah that's
alright I don't ever see you again yeah
it has begun the very long journey
delivering the Shepherd's heart
so looking good looking good just even
get under this tray this is the main
concern
here we could play she go under the tree
right she caught under the tree
just trusting that he's are they on
there in a sensible way although it's no
idea with it hold on look at it woman
literally wobbling all over the place
the past spoiler effect totally puzzled
this is the moment of truth guys this is
there this is the big test this next
Hill boys we're making good progress I
don't know whether I explained but
basically Dave's been trying for two
weeks to to get this little heart to his
land there's two different like tow
trucks that arrived they couldn't tow it
on its original wheels because it's too
wide and after a lot of hard work and
failing they Adam who sold it today is
managed to get on this little trailer
and and so far so good I think I think
this might work I think we might let's
get it there
think days can be very happy bunny if we
don't have a disastrous incident on the
way
how you feeling day oh I think we I
think we're rolling road nice drive this
is very real in road very late
yeah this you can get five the shed is
any wider you didn't really get it
through here to do I'm in the most
dangerous position it is if that it will
axe in it which is like yes let me break
some heart
hold on 13 foot 13 foot that's exactly
the height of the building
the guy said even who is 1431 do it did
either of them see that sign I mean the
guy said it's 13 foot I believe in he
probably measured it Gabe over guys this
is a problem because this is 13 third
the height of the the heart and the
trailer and this bridge coming up is
is exactly 13 fair just do it is he
whoo
whoa bro they so close
I can't believe it I can't believe it
yes we have arrived
he's a Mew legend I can't believe this
is actually happening here we go guys
excited Dave hey so excited also nervous
though because this is properly rough
terrain and it's pitch black so we'll
see yeah I'm excited for you Dave it's
on your land he's officially there it's
officially on your land bro
I think the plan is sounds gonna drive
this way and then reverse up to Dave
spottings picked out looking at this
side if I get close to the cars yeah
you're fine with the car almost there
always there keep turning keep turning
yeah stop yeah that's it things really
it mate
Dave Dave you have a heart on blank yeah
I still can't believe it it literally it
looks so big in the driveway but how
perfect the shine oh yeah so good this
is where she belongs
it's just it's actually beautiful yeah
yeah yeah it but I feel like it is
always destined to belong here isn't it
lit like that - ha we survived
we tried the lorries we tried all sorts
of things nothing could happen nothing
made it work except other than that the
LDV let's brute force a crappy oh yeah
we are back from dinner
what an amazing afternoon that was
awesome Dave broke congrats on getting
your house on the low-low graduate here
today man that was lovely to share with
you and Andy and Sam what a boy yeah
it's Irma bishop and I just given Dave
some of the clips my films because he's
putting his video up before mine he's
been like I said documenting a lot of
his process in like this whole journey
so go and check those videos out before
I leave Dave just told me he's received
something in the post from one of this
Sol V conveniently we've got the
soldiery that our guy here the poster
yeah one of those so V winners from last
year what year is it this year it's not
this way it was like eating really okay
three months ago what you're aware I
fell oh by the way one of the so V teams
have basically been setting up this
thing called conflict crate where they
put together socially conscious items
from different companies and it's like a
monthly subscription where they send it
out to people that yes subscribe to that
though dave has just received a package
in the post will be embarrassing if this
isn't it but I've been waiting for it
and if
making it so hopefully this is it ah
okay the box
this is it this is it yes I get a logo
who the people who the people is Bethany
and Kathy they're a team from Bolivia
and from Pennsylvania I think USA and
they've done so well when we started
working with them they were right at the
idea stage and they've registered their
company they source their product and
this is their first run of products and
we'll it will be linked and linking
their stuff below good effort is it's
all ready for people to sign up for us
this is like life I believe this is live
right now just on their first run
socially conscious consume consciously
learn okay
education is the most powerful weapon
comfort great sticker boom boy this
wrapping is nice
Oh wicked okay Wow there's loads in here
so we've got some sunflower seed butter
we got smarty pants and Jelly Bellies
we've got some garden in a can grow
organic basil
oh this is perfect it's my heart you
ready boy this get little vegetable
patch go this is a key what I want I
want that buzzer I need to get some mint
as well and then we've got Oh cool like
a notepad for crazy ideas yes you feel a
crazy idea that is getting scribbling
this helps build school support an
artist by note so each each of these
products has like a some conscious like
yeah baby I'm on my own either each of
the like TOMS shoes or that kind of vibe
exactly we don't have time now but I
could go through each one of these and
show you how they do something cool but
check out the website for more details
to be fair the girls have absolutely
killed it for a first run this is
absolutely insane yes so impressed
Congrats nailed and Gratz what are they
oh whoa I didn't know what that was
amazing I Love You Man nailed it watch
it in a couple of days yeah peace guys I
am so happy for Dave I love seeing
people achieving their dreams and
they've been working on this for a
while we've talked about this for years
and this is a really good step in the
direction of living off the grid eco
village living in the forest all that
kind of vibes SWAT me and David chan
about so so exciting to being a part of
today this is an amazing step and
tomorrow
I'm heading over to the bus to see what
Mike's been up to the last couple of
weeks apparently he's been doing some
cool things building a door upstairs
from the inside of the bus to where the
hot tubs going to be and yeah I'm just
excited to go and see all the progress
tomorrow and help out a little bit so
I'm going to head over there after lunch
and take you guys with me it's going to
be fun catching the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
