good afternoon guys today back down on
the bus it's t-minus three days until we
do a launch event it's there's a lot to
do there's a lot to do Mike's been
working very hard with the boys and
they're just finishing some railings
staff Josh is wiring in things with
speakers and stuff and we have a little
problem is that the bus happened doesn't
mean starting so I think my fellow
electrical problem hopefully nothing
serious it's coming along well by the
first thing I'm doing today is doing a
little interview for a documentary these
lads have showed up with their nice
camera and we're just trying to find a
spot to shoot I think we're gonna I'm
gonna shoot here with a hot tub in the
background trying to obviously trying to
show off the bus cuz I'm pretty proud of
it
is always very important got the radio
mic this little mic here
well Big Mike I think we've got the
step-up suet
you happy nice happy with the setup
likes your fight yeah well it took a
little bit longer than I expected
we should have been talking straight
like two and a half hours that's quite
an in-depth interview but I'll tell you
when and where that gets shown it's all
a bit top secret right now I am freezing
I've been sitting up in the top deck of
the bus and I'm gonna need to sit in the
car and warm up a little bit
hi guys I'm just gonna show you all the
LED lighting now it's dark check this
out so I've got it can all change color
obviously but it's all fit it down here
of the stairs I love the red and blue
doesn't look cool
obviously these need to be fit back up
again but then check outside this is so
cool just completely transforms looks
like a totally different bus at night so
I've had some worrying news guys
basically the the main interior work on
the bus is gonna be ready and hopefully
for for this event on Monday but there's
been some problems starting the bus and
it hasn't been engaging hasn't been
going into gear to move it so at the
moment it isn't drivable and I was
panicking a little bit and I should
change some of the guys and they were
suggesting
could even tow it to the location that
we were going to have a little event
because we can't run an event here where
that could end up costing a lot of money
and it doesn't really fix the problem
thankfully I managed to find a mechanic
that can come down tomorrow to fixing it
I think it's a letter I think it's just
an electrical connection problems to the
gearbox but because I'm not a mechanic
that I'm really nice just hoping and
hoping we get it sorted this is
definitely a thing I don't miss now that
I'm not like actively involved daily
with what's going on with the bus at
night I was back in the day of the boom
bus
always trying to resolve problems of
cropping up limits and it was just a
constant problem solving problem solving
mission every day anyway this this
should get sorted over the weekend
hopefully
right I've just go back to my parents
house just make myself some food and now
is time to get on Netflix and watch
haters back off I don't know if you know
guys but Colleen has worked on this
series as Miranda character and yeah he
got released today so I'm super excited
I actually already watched the first one
this morning but I'm going on to the
going on to the second episode he is
back up guys if you haven't you need to
go to Netflix and watch this this is so
good it's like the Miranda we all know
from YouTube but they've made like a
proper high budget TV series around it
it's like and all that I have families
in it and stutters it's so so funny
well guys these last few days have been
a bit slow my vlogs so I apologize I've
been getting up late went for lunch with
a friend today before I even started
vlogging and and also it's getting dark
early and I'm just also recovering from
a bit of a cold so don't open up I've
got a lot less energy I've been trying
to rest a bit so don't you worry next
week things gonna pick up a bit and
we're gonna be doing all sorts have got
obviously my big Monday night bus launch
event which I cannot wait to show you
guys it all in action and then got a few
things throughout the week and then
we're heading to Canada for buffer
festival I've pretty much finished by
both special films of showing of showing
one of the adventure travel screening
and then one at the daily vlogging
screening which is gonna be fun it's
always cool to go there and see all the
other people that are screening cool
films that made for out of the year and
I cannot wait to yeah just see what else
see what else everyone's been up to and
then we're gonna I'm gonna be out the
country again probably for like a month
for six weeks I haven't made all the
final plans yet but we're gonna be doing
some traveling with Steve and Alexia and
Nick and ang and I think soya and
Angelique as well we haven't finalized
anything with them but it's gonna be a
month of some fun some fun trips and I'm
just I guess I'm just resting up and
getting some energy before we head off
and decent things by looking forward to
and going to some warmer places and they
Canada's not warm up but we will be
going to warmer places after that yeah
so anyway the story things have been a
bit slow and thanks for bearing with me
was I'm just recovering and resting up
offer back here in the UK
all right I see you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life with the adventure
boom
