good afternoon guys I've had a good
morning had a meeting a zero had a
coffee grab some food and now my friend
Coyle who you may remember from
California he's got a the wine the wine
place in Sacramento this house Oliver
he's calling through he messaged me
yesterday like are you around tomorrow
afternoon and it just turns out live was
free and we just had an amazing catch up
I'm gonna be hanging with him and
they're dropping him at the airport
later on I thought for sure I was just
gonna hang around with nothing to do
just like always available for anybody
yes always available no no busy I love
this guy right right got a few things to
do on it's a waste Kingston quickly and
pick up something and then we're gonna
go and drop in I'm gonna show Coyle the
bus and what Mike's been up to
just arrived at the bus basically I'll
explain a little bit but a lot of our
histories with Coyle
a lot of the projects me and Mike used
to do when we were running like
nightclub events and we were renovating
a youth club back in the day maybe like
10 years ago it was all connect to the
coil and wielding a lot of youth
projects together at the time so this is
like a fun little reunion and bringing
Kyle to see the buses a bit of a blast
from the past like working on projects
together like this is it's funny it's
funny how life works sometimes all right
guys I don't have your scene the other
day but Mike was finishing this off and
he's cut out and mounted these little
speakers that we can have let yeah bro
love it love it and then we're gonna
have car we're gonna have the TV clip on
here so we've got a big wide massive TV
with putting in there and then we're
gonna have a lot here's the hot tub
I always filling it what we want is
hello and within what you reckon an hour
and a half we can have a hot hot tub so
footsteps stopping stationary - like hot
tub jump in ready now and are it's
really sticking it all right we're gonna
get the TV out and some of them metal
brackets and mounts have been fixed
obsessed we're gonna do a little test
and show where it's gonna be and we've
got definite final confirmation on our
Monday night bus launch boy do you think
we're gonna be ready Mike
come Monday ready do you think we're
gonna be do you think we're gonna get
away with it we're gonna put it on so
we're not gonna be completely ready
there's obviously gonna be a lot of
unfinished things but we're gonna we've
got to start somewhere and I just can't
wait to jump in that hot tub it needs to
look right we need to have a cinema
night yeah having a hot tub yeah it's
gonna be good they're coming really good
solid yeah this one downstairs sick this
is the bracket it's gonna mount on the
back of the TV with these hinges and
then when that pulls out like I was
saying the other day it's then they're
gonna go into these hinges when the
cinema lights happen oh it's great and
then I guess you just wouldn't have
something sitting right here but you
could do a nice little arch with people
sitting and then Michael you said about
some temporary temporary seating yeah
coil what do you think of the bus my
swimsuit on we might just go for nearly
everything the water is cold but you
know it's been done before it's done in
there can't wait tops all done you can
be chilling here Martha yeah well I
think it's back over back over
nice and then that's the frame yeah well
I can't stick around
Carla left the airport but so exciting
actually getting a date in the deferral
or event guys it's a long way to go I
think it's a lot of things the finishing
touches but before we go you can just
see Mike's done the spraying and you put
these little this draft excluder think
well these days yeah so they're actually
like into business trips and you have to
cut a little groove and gloom in yeah so
long-winded but is that well as drafts
and smooth this ass nice bit of
scratches it's gonna be cold and we're
gonna have to keep things warm up their
windows yeah I think we need to sweet
but I've just dropped Kyle off that's a
very pleasant surprise today guys and by
telling him earlier I wouldn't be the
person I am today without Kyle in my
life I think through some of the very
critical years of my life as my
character was forming Kyle was a very
strong influence and I think I owe a lot
to him so it's cool when you
Reconnective I guess some of your core
people some of your important people and
I don't get seen that often we only
touch base maybe once a year so it's a
very pleasant surprise to have him drop
through
and oh sure what about it
I'm now
gonna try and drive back and it's
terrible timing because it's peak rush
hour so I think I'm gonna be stuck in
traffic for a couple of hours
well guys that I've been sitting in this
same place all evening since I got back
editing my buffer video is almost
finished it's not quite as elaborate as
other peoples but is quite exciting I
can't wait to show people and it's good
it's been kids having some fun with
their creative editing I don't usually
get to do that with the vlogs not to the
level I'm capable of just because of
time restraints but I'm it's been fun
I'm absolutely exhausted now like oh my
gosh I am gonna sleep as soon as my head
hits the pillow whoa
right but no plans tomorrow but I will
probably that probably means I should go
over to the bus and help Mike because
I've set deadlines for em and yeah I
think he's gonna need all the help we
can get and making this happen so
yeah always over and helped me in the
morning I think see you guys then peace
out into life and live the adventure
