good morning guys it's our last day in
the rain forest in Sri Lanka today and
it's very early in the morning rise
still in bed and I pulled myself out of
bed to go and try and find some birds
and monkeys because apparently this is
the time to go and see them so hopefully
I find stuff
now from what I understand is a nature
walk started about an hour ago
there's no way I was getting up at 6:30
the guy yesterday told me I got up at
this time I could still kind of catch
them up and go and find them and tag
along so that's what I'm attempting
today
guys I've been walking for about 20
minutes and I haven't found the group
and I haven't found any monkeys and I'm
I'm giving up I'm gonna stroll back who
knows maybe I took a wrong turn but yeah
no luck as of yet I saw a few tiny
little bears that's about it that's the
thing in the rainforest it is full of
life but it's there's so many places to
hide as well so often you don't see it
on
guys check how fast these clouds are
moving this is not sped up this is
real-time it's pretty fast isn't it
lucky
the whole pack of dogs hello hey
for the guard has just told me that the
monkeys don't come out till about 10:00
a.m. 10:00 or 11:00 a.m. which that's
the time I want to get out of bed so he
said I and we come out again I should
see some monkeys around here in these
trees
okay I totally didn't get out but at
10:00 to see the monkeys it's now
lunchtime rise up hey and we've got all
our delicious Sri Lankan curries again
for lunch which I'm super excited about
and is this naan bread no is this
poppadoms this is kind of some kind of a
bird on guys this monkeys these monkeys
oh yeah yes monkey oh my gosh yes buddy
I'm so happy
Te'o is so long like twice length is
bully is stretching his leg out guys I
am so happy that monkeys came and I
didn't have to walk an hour to find him
they literally just came outside there
where we eat lunch after we finish I'm
gonna try and get a bit closer but Riya
has decided not to you've had some bad
experiences monkeys yeah but you got
permanently scarred so there's the
lesson guys going cold bananas around
monkeys because they will come and get
you
hold my dress off
and it was climbing up and like hold on
it and a little splashed
I'm gonna go find them I can't really
get any closer without scaring the
monkeys off but it's a pretty good view
from here
let's go and work as monkeys maybe go
and join like a research team going into
deep into the jungle - I'd know like
study chimpanzees or something if you
know anyone doing that kind of stuff I
would love to tag along I could just
watch monkeys all day long so we are
heading off soon but before we do we're
getting a few little shots of one of
Rhys video she's filming it's a morning
routine video and this is this is yeah
we were filming some in the Maldives and
this is her reflective time where she's
like writing things she's thankful for
yeah I don't know often but I think
mornings needs to be a time of chilling
and balance and getting perspective on
your life I think I need to do that more
rice helping me
well we're leaving a little bit later
than we hoped but it is an amazing
evening and I'm hoping as we leave I can
get the drone up and get some shots of
those tea fields on the steep slope down
you ready for a 5-hour Drive yeah
doesn't even look real
because what's like the tree is this
this is so pretty
guys we've just stopped off on the way
down look at these amazing tea fields
this is so picturesque it would have
been cool to explore down here a little
bit more actually there's a whole region
which we didn't get to go to the sea
long something district and that was
where a lot of the tea growing happens
but I guess it happens all over it's
cool in it I can't believe that driving
up is obviously pitch black so we had no
idea where we were and now to see like
what we missed
guys check now there's a forest fire
over there well hope everything's all
right we're making good progress we're
still two hours away from Colombo
everything tonight
we'd be very hungry for most of the
journey and we've been traveling through
little villages and this is the first
restaurant I've seen in about an hour so
we pulled over we're hoping we can find
something so I think we've won guys we
managed to get some mixed vegetables
chips vegetable soup oh I got some
vegetable rice and I got some vegetable
noodles and they gave me a pot of chili
paste which I've been quite adventurous
with but this is exactly what we needed
we're back on the road and guys we are
back on a real road like a fast motorway
Road and it just feels incredible after
hours of slow winding trying to avoid
dogs and tuk tuks
this is heaven is actually heaven and
we're on the home straight we've got an
hour left to get to Colombo now and I'm
feeling good
how you feel fire really great thanks
for being a good copilot
I didn't have a choice we finally
arrived in Colombo we had a very weird
thing happened this has never happened
before
we obviously got here quite late because
we stayed in the rainforest place quite
late
so we're I thought hotel and they were
like oh no we we've given away your your
room because you said you were gonna get
her a pee I mean you're actually going
here at 11:00 p.m. or whatever
and we're like you're not supposed to do
that that's a not a normal thing like
we've stayed in a lot of hotels it's
never happened before but the reality
was there's no amount of arguing could
get a room back because he's given it
away so we're like okay see you later up
dropped our rental car back and shut the
last minute booked this place thankfully
so we've got a place to stay tonight at
least
and then we're both flying out in the
morning but that was a bit of a bit of a
fiasco we're not going to see wire in
the morning so I'll probably still be
asleep so I'm not gonna sleep again for
like two weeks two weeks this is the
vlog good but the vlog good but we've
had an amazing trip guys thanks for
coming along in the adventure yeah and
location morning
peace out into a life and live the
adventure
