good afternoon guys just finished a
coffee me and my mom and Grandpa have
been chilling in Shiro Andy shot and now
we're about to go for a little stroll is
Clermont which is some beautiful gardens
nearby and then I'm heading over to my
double decker bus to see the progress
that Mike's been making and I'm very
excited my grandpa has also kindly lent
me his car again while some back in the
UK these Canadian geese
they keep the grass really short hear
that they hear some grass
it's quite incredible guys this place is
less than ten minutes from where I grew
up and I've never been here before I
thought I'd been here as a kid but
apparently I haven't just very very
beautiful eyes look at this random chair
just sitting out in the grass here is
this a permanent feature if you can just
sit here and admire the view feels a bit
lonely though much rather a bench
reading and a few friends me this is
nice
all right I just seen this bench and
there's a quote from Queen Victoria
saying the happiest days of my otherwise
dull childhood and then I just lost my
mum what I meant and apparently she grew
up here she's a pretty big deal my mum
was also saying the railway that goes to
the town that grew up in Kuppam was
deliberately built further away from
this property just so it wouldn't be
disturbing Queen Victoria and she's
younger guys see these green parakeets
these are not native to the UK but I've
just read that there's 16,000 now living
wild in the UK you believe it
green parakeets it's only in the last 20
years that there's populated country
well that was a very lovely little walk
if any of you live near a couple more a
shot and haven't been to Claremont you
should definitely come and check this
place out this is lovely and I think we
didn't even get to see most - it is a
little bit chilly today though some when
you get the heating going I just said
the other night a couple of weeks ago
when I left the UK we're still having a
kind of end of end of summer heat wave
but the weather has definitely changed
is chilly all right let's go see the
boys at the bus see how they get on yeah
hello boys hey then you want to show us
what you been up to the last couple of
weeks yeah just do it
this is so exciting every time I come
back to the bus it's like there's
something new to show there's something
new going to be working on it's been a
couple of weeks so first of all yeah
generators here the generator is it
container what securely all right that
that is the generator 380 kilos so grand
hold it up which will see them getting
the plumbing completely nailed yeah yeah
yeah Boyle is still here okay so we're
still waiting to get this all connected
what we're looking still looking to do
er we need it basically guys we need to
figure out how we're going to power the
boiler how we're going to install the
gas I think it's been a bit of a
headache kind of trying to fit two
regulations and yeah and safety stuff
but I think we're slowly getting there
meme I can figure that out today it's
going to have a little look swear I've
heard most the works been happening up
here oh joy B&S yes got the sound system
going yeah delivered today yeah my good
friends down at Sony boom this is
actually more spacious than I thought up
here yeah so all we need to put now on
top yeah finish off the roofing now
these aren't fixed yes so basically this
is just extra this is extra metal work
it's been added to to fit the frame of
the via the wall I'll make Spencer don't
know surnames reference quality Network
has really helped us out as soon as you
fix them he starts doing my monkey bars
on yeah strong we could cut some cuts
cut some no windows in there yeah that
makes the same is down steady kills a
lot worse if you want to do this totally
yeah yeah those come off
that so this l6o this will be for
parties or whatever couple ideas we
could just leave it somewhere go to then
leave them or we could using this table
so with these same hinges we've got some
little fixings under here could be good
and are they are they is the whip like
could you just prop them under there if
you want to just to store them keep them
out the way I haven't even tried guys I
don't know if you saw when we were in
the bus last we got the TV out and this
is where it's going to be kept most the
time but when we want to do on it over
hot top cinema night we're going to
bring it outside take the doors off and
Mike's has shown me we're going to mount
the TV from the frame at the back on
these on these hinges so the frame of
the back of the TV will just slot
straight into there so this would be
this will be welded on the back of the
frame for the TV and yeah Benjen you've
got probably a bar a plate how about
that straight over to the other one so
good and then will be a similar will the
other side of the hinge be on a frame
mounted on that windows anything with
nice so means am I having a look look at
the generator this is an 8 kilowatt
generator silent diesel generator I
think it's a it might is this the marine
one usually used on big boats I think
yeah this is a nice size and that's
that's the exhaust down there thankfully
we can access everything from the front
of generator so once we've fitted it in
the back of the bus there we'll be able
to like check the oil and everything
guys we just chat about potential
seating options up here where we don't
have to store seats external to the bus
and bring them on still keeping the
potential to have like a lot of open
working space
sliding some bench seating that clip
onto the side down decided
so it's still like just grubby stains
from all the PVA so there's sand all
that though yeah I'll probably I might
give another feel but you just rounded
edges off a little bit
so before Mike goes today he's just
getting some filler i'm filling in some
of this at the door where he's kind of
cut a really nice curve to fit the frame
here and the root and the roof of the
bus looks beautiful Mike looks beautiful
and before I go I'm gonna test at least
three sony speakers together I'm just
trying to figure out how to link them I
think I might need to get a cable
alright time to leave the bus I think
with Mason decisions on basically an
event we're doing in seven days time
we're going to try it and get the bus
ready for I guess its first a little
launch a bit hot tub TV sound system and
move some seating so on the popping
again thinking a couple of days and
maybe be a bit more helpful haven't been
very helpful today did a little bit
standing for like five minutes but
that's about it
yes see you later baby hi guys I am up
in London I just had a delicious dinner
my sister Hillary and now we're going to
go back and hang out in her relatively
new house which I've only just seen the
first time tonight it's a nice
brother-sister quality time together
okay guys we've just been chilling back
at Hillary and Adams house and I've got
some exciting news to tell you I'm gonna
be an uncle
yeah I don't know whether this is my
little niece or my little nephew and I
don't think I'm gonna know until it's
born the Winky when's it due middle
middle of marked oh I'm going to need to
make sure I'm back in the country so and
then coming be a good brother and a good
uncle
I'm so excited it's so cool has it been
so far previously it's not being the
easiest to be honest it's not been the
easiest any of you you've gone through
it well it's weird some people it
doesn't affect some people get really
sick and I was quite sick and getting
better okay better baby it's all fine
yeah had a few scans how many weeks is a
minute
like 17 so just over four months
and yeah yeah do you think you're both
ready to be parents you know you're
never ready to be there until the other
yes we're trying to mentally prepare
someone told me once that having kids is
like a massive bomb blowing up your
entire life and then and then you just
have to slowly rebuild it by picking up
the pieces so there you go that's what
you got slips for Nova seriously I'm so
excited very psyched and it's like is
the first baby of Maddie really like I'm
both in both our families same pressure
happy yeah are we fun
yeah we you're very attractive I don't
think it's hit me I mean I'm so excited
but I think until the baby comes out on
it I'm just gonna be like I'll cool and
then I'm gonna be like whoa and you're
gonna be like well I think whoa anyway
right I'm gonna let Hillary rest and
I've got a long drive home but it's been
an awesome night yeah
how exciting is that I'm gonna be an
uncle imagine Uncle Louie is a that is
mind blowing I did find out a while ago
but I've only just been able to tell you
guys and this is the first time I've
actually seen Hilary since she's been
showing a little bump and yeah I
definitely want to like be around via
supportive brother and help out
unfortunately I my parents live like
more than an hour away from where Hilary
and Adam live and and that's where I
usually base up when I'm back in the UK
but I'm gonna try to make an effort it's
been a great day unknown to bed I'll
catch you tomorrow guys peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure but
