good afternoon guys I have come down
today to grab some well we just grab
lunch me Alfie and Dave and Dave what is
going on today tell us tonight I'm
spending my first night in this place it
is what you reckon a third of a mile
through the trees yeah we are in the
middle of nowhere deep into the trees
literally I came to visit the old lady
that lived there for a whole life called
Brenda she lived here for 60 years their
kids grew up here and everything just
had to move out into homes or on the
same estate and then they said look what
this place is coming up maybe it would
be good for you to come inside so give
me a go I feel daunted though isn't it I
realized in the first v1 Koko v1 I
realized that I was using the pub a lot
and I was using the coffee shop a lot
because I need you need some indoor time
even if you're going to look most of
your life outdoor in the trees or
whatever or you say an outfit this place
is cozy this is cool man literally just
in the middle of nowhere it's deep isn't
it I'll probably be able to have like
cows hairy cows very kappa the big girls
I hope so
I don't know it depends I might work
with the farm because they know what
they do with animals so it might be
there like a work with the farm
and they look after them but we have
them here do you know I mean the way I'm
collaborative arrangement because the
people around here know what they're
doing and I'm still learning
you got a Silla no sit like a wine
cellar oh yeah this guy and I will look
but I think this is a good idea boy
easy easy simple for those Wow
this could be great for a little storage
area work could be more how do we make
normal houses more eco-friendly more
nature friendly more efficient and it
breaks that simple living stuff so we're
gonna be changing stuff up around it may
I'm still proper like boy that's cool
man you got a house you ready yeah let's
hope the key actually works there's
someone trying it's nice not being here
on my own pull the pull the thing down
right yeah yeah we need to get our shoes
off because I think they're muddy and
stuffing so just take them off right
whoa boy that's the nice guys well it is
then Olga it's a Rayburn it's a Rayburn
because it's powered you can't see but
it's powered by a massive gas canister
right so it's uncomplicated because I
love it
oh it's actually on it's warm is it it
won't because the peat you can heat the
house of its God yeah
oh that's nice it's a hot it's just
ticking over yeah I'm conflicted because
it's wicked and it's hairy farmhouse
saying everything
but those fossil fuels but it's gasps
its fossil fuels and I'm not into that
all the decisions would make it will be
about how do you make this house work in
a way that suits its environment
so obviously around here there's loads
of trees so biomass that comes from
trees it'll be what we use to power this
so it'll be quite a moment when we take
this out or you lose and you just chug
shutting the logs in and cook up I guess
so I know I know I know there's a whole
heating sister okay and it does
everything I don't really know I don't
know the details yeah I don't even know
how it works but yes this is the kitchen
yeah I'd you know how old this cottage
is we should find out
yeah it's done is it chained probably
not give us a little tinkle Dave yeah it
needs I need to get Ronnie this unit
down is that another five places and
open up yeah the chimney sweep they're
gonna open it out hopefully Nick
that's the Table Tennis room table
tennis room yeah hey it's mad I don't
even know what I've done what people
just will short back in the day yeah I'm
all right
I'm still short breath icon I can't
stand up I was back yes I was made for
this house bro yeah you're like this is
prime time today
you always want this to be like hot tub
you always want this to be a sunken
lounge don't you yeah I think it has to
be utilities room yeah Dave just found a
metal detector we we need to find some
treasure
Emma our new garden bet you this
why should good it otherwise right we're
going upstairs this bathroom is
surprisingly massive yeah it is actually
huge like you can actually have it as a
spare bedroom as well yeah I don't know
if the war works or not I don't know if
there's any water services oh yeah do it
do little tests do it oh yes tonight
go on yeah mother I don't reckon the gas
is straight bull tear strips straight
wait like this will be a savage place to
be having a bar we were just saying guys
that this is gonna be wet is like the
homeliest
room so far like this for me this feels
like this could be the lounge this could
be the communal hangout around bro yeah
if we let look at the door David like
come in okay this bedrooms yeah the
bedrooms and look at these amazing
cabinets they left me ocean ice I think
that's that's also I think that's the
thing like this is Brenda's house at the
end of the day like yeah this is in my
mind I feel lucky that I get to stay
here for a while however long we stay
but she is like she sums up the country
for me living here working on the farm
did I raise the whole family in one
house work them wanna stay and so I feel
really lucky this year old no like 80 or
something yeah at least like nearly 90
she's lovely we sat together and she
showed me pictures of what it was like
40 years ago and the kids wearing
and everything so it was really sweet
yeah left there's some bed so this will
be like the guest room I think wow this
is the master bedroom
I'll be in one of those single beds this
is massive walk-in closet well that's
what you're gonna do your work that's
right
see you in a bit is we're gonna edit
vlog you can't come out till it's
finished
oh another bedroom yeah yeah I think I'm
gonna set up what music studio arts you
do like sounds dude yeah I think this
will be sound studio so I think I'll set
up like podcast yeah lives in here
decent storage oh yes serious I mean you
would probably live in there they are I
live in there that's pretty big oh yeah
easy enough for a bed you have a
straight-up house Dave even though they
all shed is bigger than my heart do you
know I mean Dave what is that chunk of
metal this is my first thing I ever
designed for the real world I did it
with my friend Mike basically the first
heart obviously we've just bought that
second one built as designed a steel
frame and they made it and brought it
over and out for you help me bring it in
but it's really hard to work with the
steel frame because you can't put normal
screws into it yeah wood into the steel
and then put everything to the wood so
this time I thought well what if but you
want that rigidity you want that
striking structure so I thought what if
we just have steel corner pieces and you
slide two by fours into them and then
basically just then there's that a four
by four in there well what that is is
this means it's one bracket for every
corner sometimes it's that way and
sometimes it's that way wedge in the
other side yeah yeah and just screw it
down and then you just have one corner
piece in like in four different ways
so that would be like that in that
corner you know you choose the height
and the length and it's basically two
and a half meter cubes is what I'm
reckoning so the big heart that I made
last year or got most of the way through
making
would be three of these in a row that
would make seven two and a half meter
cube times three yeah nice
so this isn't on the market so we
thought it would make it so I'm really
chuffed there I need to play with them
but I think they're looking good there
and they've been galvanized yeah careful
about yeah
right we've just had an idea what's the
idea Dave your idea bro that because
there is actually 4G signal here which
we tell them about the words that what
was the deal in the works so in the
woods there was no Wi-Fi no phone no
bloody tap water there was nothing so it
was easy you know you guys would come
down and we're all just be off-grid easy
peasy
but here there is actually 4G which is a
good thing and a bad unless you're
sitting on your phone all night like me
Shona for Instagram exactly so and who
he was saying maybe we use this
letterbox for a phone box
yeah so you come in hey Dave he's like
yeah just drop your phone in the box see
get it back in 24 hours time yeah nice
could be an idea definitely maybe not
every day but definitely there should be
some it's a nicely some time frames yes
I like just the intention alright I'm
switching off yeah
I'm switching off right we're leaving
the cottage for momentarily I'm gonna
drop Alfie back oh we're gonna head back
to the cottage now Dave's gonna pick up
some food for dinner funny story when he
first went to the woods that he was
staying in last year him our friend Andy
wood went to stay the first night I
think you made a vlog about this though
yeah I did they made a campfire and
Dave's choice of food to cook in the
camper I was a frozen pizza and
apparently well quite obviously that
didn't really work out it was going well
until I lowered it and then offensive
Crispin so I need to impress Andy
tonight okay so we're gonna my way let's
be fair you've got a bit more to work
with now you've got that that agar oven
thing yeah you can cook on those hot
plates yeah right we're just popping
past
Dave's old words to pick up a few things
like a sauce pan to cook on and maybe a
soar to chop some firewood and all that
kind of vibes if you haven't seen Dave's
documentary you made on this place I'll
link it below I don't think I've had a
chance to talk about your documentary in
a vlog yet Dave I haven't told my
viewers up about your documentary yet
other than a my Instagram story so guys
if you haven't
yeah they've it's ready to download you
can just click the link below it's um
you can choose how much to pay but it
shows his whole kind of story of this
whole year living in the woods building
these huts and yeah what he's learned
from it it's pretty cool it's pretty
cool and yes now exciting to be here
kind of for the second phase is he's
learning more and you know getting a
cottage and some land her you know dream
up other things but yeah let's see if we
can go and find the bits we need Dave's
spent the whole year kind of making
vlogs of this as well if you haven't
been watching his channel you see him
coming into the woods and building
they're very cool the fire is on Dave's
just offered to make me a cup of tea
show us your Christmas present day yeah
my sister's brought me this they're all
these lush teas and we found a lemon and
ginger that's my guy
so and then it's like I this thingy yeah
Hebrews it a loose-leaf brewer inside no
I think we literally just fill him up
shut put the kettle on wait every bro we
haven't got kale we can make hot water
there yeah I think with a saucepan on
this guy well just take the leaves that
no that's probably not the nicest thing
to put Warren
yeah you can't deal okay
okay cutting the courgettes looks a bit
funny doesn't it look like a funny cause
yet no Hooper's no Amazon now no no
nothing just just courgette just call
right and these are right we're doing a
little house tour it's like utility room
ah
also I get this away and make it like
make it like a little lounge or the
table tennis room as well as the utility
room right dinner's done got the noodles
and or the spaghetti in the noodle flips
our neighbors in it but it's plenty I'm
excited there's so much for evening wait
that's all right good that solid five
yeah okay I'm leaving these guys to stay
the first night in the closet it's warm
it's really warm now why we found guys
we found the central heating and it's
lovely in here this is so much better
than I imagined cuz yeah this this place
could have been in a lot worse condition
yeah I get the expectations low and it
needs a it's a blank canvas ready to eat
area in the walls but it's it's ready
for its new lease of life yeah I can't
wait to see weapons unfortunately you
know I'm gonna be doing some other
things they're not permanently based
here but when I'm back in the country I
think I'll come down and then try to
spend as much fun down here as possible
in in the summer and spring months
probably in the warmer months although I
potentially well we're gonna come back
at the end of this week yeah and then I
might be back again at the end of the
month
oh you might be away though he was he's
gonna be done it and then Lucy Lucy
anyway it's been a pleasure sharing this
day with you Dave this the start of
something very special
oh it's a continuation of something very
special is so I've arrived back at my
parents house I would have stays down at
the cottage with Dave and Andy but I've
got my friend Sylvia arrived
here early tomorrow morning to fix my
dreads because it's been months since
I've had my dreads kind of tied it up
and yeah I need to I need to do that I'm
sure you're aware and I'm like getting
trimmed as well actually anyway that's
why I'm back Higgs it makes more sense
kind of me being here and it's been a
really good day guys I haven't really
done much other than just been kind of
dreaming and spending time with Dave on
this quite a special day that is quite a
milestone in his journey if you haven't
kind of followed his journey like I was
saying earlier definitely check out his
channel it's so interesting to see him
exploring firstly this kind of a guest
forest life learning how to spend more
time in nature and slow down and and
what that experiences be for him and now
this new journey of having a space still
quite isolated from where me and him
both grew up and come of the suburbs and
spending time in the city and then yeah
looking at different ways to live and
and he was saying him and Andy he's
going to be living there some of the
week I guess they're looking at ways to
get the house kind of more sustainable
so looking at ways to kind of put solar
panels in and yeah you know less
reliance on the grid that we're
currently used to so yeah lots of
experimenting and I'm excited to kind of
check in on the house and see you know
how they're progressing when I can but
and yeah if you want to kind of have
regular updates Dave's gonna be posting
videos throughout the year so yeah
subscribe to his channel also like I
said earlier check out his little
documentary you made and yeah I'll catch
you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
