good morning guys it's another day on
our sri lankan adventure which stayed at
this amazing villa last night in the
middle of nowhere and today we are
heading off to Safari Park to do an
afternoon game Drive
right first things first I have to come
and get some cash out because the place
we're staying doesn't make that card all
right I got the money
so Raya has found out that nearby where
we're staying is one of the best
features in the world already
Oh either way we thought it was worth
popping down and checking it out since
it's 10 minutes away before we continue
I think we've got like a two and a half
hour drive until we get to the Safari
Park but we're going to take your time
taking some of the amazing scenery
that's for Lanka has to offer
yeah it is extremely hot beautiful day
today makes like 30 degrees outside
so according to the aircon back up
guys lick what's crossing the road and
mass is lizard passive is so big look at
it
okay I go go I'm holding something up
but that was unbelievable private park
top and we found this lovely restaurant
on the beach check this out hey egg you
okay
this whole area looks like the coolest
little surf village it's kind of sad
that we can't stick around and do some
surfing but we are only here for like
five more days so
we've got things to do we got places to
go this time guys danger
peacocks the head not playing coffee
shops anywhere
no okay no looting standards are way too
high in expecting like a hipster
incredible coffee look where we are
Louie where are we gonna find a hipster
coffee shop around here in the jungle I
think you should set your standards this
liquid and caffeine if it hits those two
then you're good no you get a Red Bull
we pulled over in this little town I'm
gonna try fine coffee even if it's
instant coffee I need something on
very grounded this looks like there
might be something thank you I found
coffee it's just what I needed guys
strong coffee now it's time to get back
on the road it's kind of a maze though
that only cost me 25 rupees which I need
to figure out how much that is because I
felt like it isn't a lot at all guys 25
rupees is 17 cents for 13 P what I just
got a coffee for 13 D and it was another
and I was it all right what an instant
and he said we did we're not charging
you tourists right we're going to charge
your local rates as I'm like I'm in with
the locals huzzah we can tell this guy's
just not a normal tourist I'm like I'm
Lum like one of them really
we've stopped again to get a few snacks
and something we're running low on it
script as we haven't really thought
ahead and stocked up we're going to see
you get here we should get some onions
we could get some rice they have got
nuts guys I'm pretty happy I managed to
get some peanuts so it turns out we
aren't actually going on a game drive at
Safari place tonight I think we're going
to do that tomorrow afternoon we are
going to be getting there I think only
like 20 minutes before the Sun sets at
this rate
I'm pretty excited to get better and
so I think we might get to see elephants
definitely it's the elephant think so I
think there's a lot of elephants on the
map there's literally a picture of an
elephant at this place so we're not fit
for this town we have just arrived in
basically is just full of little safari
lodges we think we picked a good one
we're literally just arriving with one
minute way well yeah this is it I've
arrived I think we chose a good one guys
this is so nice look it's like a little
river down there love how open it is
here as well
I'm I'm gonna semi dry enough and see
what we can see around this area
so from what I could see from the drone
there's some mountains over there where
the Sun was setting and there's a lake
kind of a bit further to the right and
this yeah this whole area seems pretty
amazing I think we're on the edge of a
national park I cannot pronounce the
name of that National Park but it begins
with you um I'm just going to go for a
little explore along this riverbed this
is awesome
he's told me there's nothing dangerous
it can eat me or anything I feel like
there might be crocodile somewhere they
guys you don't get hippos in Sri Lanka
deer I just had him you hear that
there's a weird bird call that I haven't
heard before it could actually be the
peacocks but I'm just making my way over
to the other side see if I can find it
it's going times go find bedroom this is
nice
the whole bathroom is outside
awesome well we are heading to bed and
we actually just watched a movie I
watched Mean Girls for the first time
ever I've always been asked me to watch
it for ages and it's actually quite
funny I'm so happy because I want to
quote mean girls like literally every
day and I couldn't when I was with you
because you just wouldn't get it but now
you're gonna get it yeah I'm gonna get
all the in jokes now and I think one of
the in jokes is that we watch them the
third Tober and that's like one of the
lines in the movie say October 3rd okay
with it okay
um but yeah we did it was uploading a
vlog the Internet is just barely usable
here and I'm we're worried about the
next few days and we go into the rain
forest and stuff about uploading times
but hopefully we can and I'm excited for
tomorrow we are doing a afternoon with
feeding elephants and then we're doing
enough to be noon Safari Drive and who
said that I can ask at the gate with a
park whether I can fly my drying they're
not entirely sure but I've charged up
the battery ready for some drone shots
hopefully and yeah I think it's about
that time
today's being a pre children mainly just
lots of driving and tomorrow is going to
be action-packed don't you worry
alright catching the morning piece out
into real life live the adventure
babe
