good morning guys welcome to sri lanka
we flew in last night and we drove down
the coast a little bit i don't actually
know where we are but we found this
really nice little place with a pool and
it's right by the ocean and we've just
ordered lunch which we've eaten but look
at our dessert look how colorful this
little plate of fruit is we have also
just been sitting here with our laptops
trying to figure out what we're gonna do
for the next week and we're slowly
coming up with a plan there's like a
really beautiful rainforest nearby which
is like one of the most biodiverse
places on earth apparently and then
there's also a kind of safari lodge
thing where we might be able to see
elephants and leopards and things who
knows we're gonna figure out
it's actually kind of nice the Sun has
gone in it was blazing hot when we came
down for lunch
and now it's cooled down a little bit
that's East I'd spit as well so there's
a nice cool breeze coming in up to see
this coastline reminds me of when I went
to the Ivory Coast and we stayed those
first few days and that beach and
there's like people riding along and
horses and stuff feels very similar
right we are ready to head off there's
been a nice relaxed morning we just
avoided a bit of a rainstorm so we were
walking on the beach and then I just
started shocking it down now the sun's
come out again I feel like this might be
the weather that we're gonna be
experiencing this week kind of heavy
showers and then sunshine and then more
heavy showers especially when we head
into the rainforest which I'm pretty
excited about but the first place we are
heading is a little town or maybe a big
town called Gally gallop
okay okay guys I've just been pulled
over because we drove through a toll
bridge without paying because the
barrier was up and it's green light so
as well maybe it's just certain times a
day anyway yeah we weren't that
contained and now the policeman's like
you need to pay a fine I don't really
know why but it's only a thousand rupees
so I'm just gonna go and do it he's
taking my driving license
into this
we also post of it so do I get there now
okay
yeah okay thank you okay thank you
guys I have no idea what happens right
so he had my license agent filling out
this important
and then and then basically so they have
my driving licence and they were filling
out a ticket for someone else and they
were like yeah we get you're gonna have
to pay a thousand rupees fine and they
were saying something about having to go
to the post office and then and then he
took my license when they started
filling out my form and then they kind
of started chatting to each other and
then they were like and then they just
handed my license back and they're like
you can go and didn't give me a ticket
for some reason they decide not to give
me a ticket that's so cool and I was
even holding the money like you owe me
to pay you like because I fit I thought
maybe they're trying to get a bribe
never like no and then they let me go
that's cool I mean to be there I don't
know why why they thought you're
speeding unless we just drive through
too fast
yeah I don't know anyway well that's
what crazy experience
better go before the change in mind yeah
like Sri Lankan police
this the right way
yeah it might be back there so just try
this way it's might join up again thanks
guys check out how cool this place is
this place is so cool
good find so I'm having a little look
around can I climb up I just walked up
the ladder I didn't ask if I could bond
I'm standing on the roof of this cool
Villa that we're staying in and it is
the most incredible view check out this
sunset
knives look how a purple the sky is it's
insane
so before we go to bed
I've asked Raya to help me with
something my dreadlocks have been
getting extremely long that tends to
happen with hair it grows and I haven't
trimmed them I feel like probably for
like a year so look how long they are
now they are like almost down to my
belly button
yes so I'm thinking the trimming maybe
like this much off them and I still want
to be able to tie them up like I do so I
can't trim too much but I'm gonna
struggle myself so rye is gonna help and
we just got some scissors from
downstairs can you cut my hair okay
shall I stand or shall I sit let me sit
down so today just cut out for the same
thing now
do you trust me yeah okay we have
decided to cut the length of my little
finger which is the same we're gonna cut
that a peach thread and then the hope
that's not too much I think is really
fine
be like your little friends I feel like
they're my children it's that weird yeah
so these are like roses these are like
my little children so I've been made to
throw away my dreadlocks which is
probably a good thing
but whoever empties out the bin is gonna
have a big surprise
anyway I'm super pumped for the next few
days and I'm gonna try and get to bed at
a reasonable time tonight rather than
stay up all night I've already got my
vlog rendering and I'm working on a
video for buffer festival which I
probably should have already submitted
anyway I'll catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
but
