good morning guys
today as our last full day in the
Maldives and it's been one of the best
trips to live it up for relaxation and
just sheer amazement at the beauty of
where we are today
my aim is I want to get as many cool
photos of this place as possible so I've
had lunch I'm going to walk around with
Raya and we're going to just twine just
take some awesome instagrams and I'm
gonna talk you guys through how I'm like
composing the shorts and how we're
picking them and then how I'm taking
some of the photos as well so it'll be a
little bit of a tutorial so first stop
on our photo mission isn't actually on
this island we're heading out to a
sandbank which is I don't know how far
away maybe a kilometer away or something
and from there I can send my drone up
I've got with me and get some aerial
photography because I think I was saying
this last night but I can't do any
directly over soil and just because
there's a lot of other guests and it's
kind of a quite exclusive so I can't
disturb by the guess but we can get some
aerial shots of the sam bang and fly a
bit closer to this island get some
that's gonna be pretty cool
guys look how tiny this places
there we've been stranded on this island
now they've left us the boat is driving
back to the the main island and we're
just here this ass little umbrella and
chairs which is pretty cool and some
water I'll cool it this yeah I there's
going to be massive
so that was pretty cool guys that was
definitely a very unique perspective
getting on an isolated tiny little sand
bank we try to get some photos just from
like our level but you can't really get
perspective of where we are and how cool
it is so most the photography that I did
was on the drone shots which you would
have just seen we are now moving on to
some other photo locations so I put on
my 16 to 35 mil lens so we're going to
try to take some shots although this
lens isn't very good when you've got
people at the edge of the frame we've
figured that out haven't leiria because
it basically stretches the edge of the
frame slightly so people that are on the
edge look a little bit bigger than they
really are
when someone's vlogging and then
someone's on the side of them just
chilling at their face is like three
times a second
so anyways we found it out so it's
better when there's a subject in the
middle of the frame with this lens I'm
going to put the time lapse and function
on this is one you can download on the
Sony Play Store or whether it's cool
looking at some of the shots we just
turned I think it'd look more
interesting if there's like a palm tree
or a cool little beach hut in the photo
as well rather than just sand and sea so
I think around here would look pretty
cool got palm trees and then we've got
sea and we've got the little huts that
go onto the water this time of day the
Sun it's basically glaring off the water
so you can see here you can't see so
much of the turquoise water because
we're at an angle where yeah the sun's
is reflecting but we're facing this way
you can really see the nice color of the
water we're not getting that glare of
the Sun so I'm thinking instead of a
shot from behind we actually set the
tripod up here and get a shot of me
right min raya on the beach or in the
shallows with the palm trees behind
something in this this is our shot
so I think those came out pretty good
I've got another idea is me and Ryder
sitting on the edge here and then
looking out that way over the turquoise
little bay area I think this location is
done we now have to rush because we've
got a sunset cruise we need to catch I
want to get some more drone shots at the
island and they'll let me take the drone
off from the boat and yeah and our last
sunset in the Maldives kind of sad it's
the last sunset very long time
check out this boat this is the most
photogenic bow for sure I've been
looking at this boat you see guard here
everything is so cool
so I guess the other thing with travel
photography is you don't want to ruin
moments or get too distracted from
enjoying just being in a cool place or
in a cool situation and this is one of
those times where you kind of want to
film everything but you also just want
to sit back and take it in and enjoy
this sunset and it's awesome boat were
on so I think personally it's just about
finding a balance where you kind of get
I personally like getting my photos and
things first a little video clips and
then kind of put my cameras down for a
little bit and just sitting back and
then maybe get the cameras out again at
the end and doing some stuff these are
the coconuts we got when we arrived it's
orange juice in the coconut water
you cozy like nothing like the dream
right now a dream
thank you oh it's so lovely yeah hi guys
I'm going to end my vlog here me and Ray
are going to take the rest of the
evening to ourselves it's our last night
here and his little recap of some of the
cool photos we took today so I think
they turned out pretty good and
hopefully you learn a little bit about
photography and some little tips today
tomorrow I will continue sharing some
little tips we're going to try and get
up early like I said and film a little
bit more and one the other thing is
something I've been meaning to do this
entire time is do some Star photography
maybe some star lapses with like palm
trees and stuff so I'm going to run
outside and do that now and you can
check it out sweet I'll catch you guys
in the morning for our trip to Sri Lanka
peace out enjoy life and let the
adventure
