good morning guys it's another
incredible day in the Maldives and me
and Roy have got up early to go scuba
diving we're actually running like five
minutes late so hopefully the boat has
not really left I'm really looking
forward to this because the snorkeling
was epic
if the snorkeling was that epic I have
no idea what a scuba diver is going to
be like I just hope we see sharks that's
all
so just found out that we were actually
walking off the beach to do our scuba
dive which I don't think I've done
before usually I go by boat and then we
get dropped at different locations that
and it's gonna be pretty cool I think
it's because around the island there's
like a reef and then it drops off to
like 30 meters or something and that's
where all the turtles and shops hang out
so I'm really hoping we see some turtles
today and some more sharks and
apparently even at that depth that is
still 29 degrees Celsius
you
Oh
well that was a pretty awesome dive so
happy I saw a shark again unfortunately
we did not see a turtle but we're just
going to have to go snorkeling and find
our own toy so we are now gonna head to
get a late breakfast I'm pretty hungry
and we're just going to go get changed
and then eat all the food did you enjoy
this scuba type yeah it was funny when
the shark came because I was like shark
and I'm like oh woah ebuy he was really
just like went up I couldn't even see
him anymore as well as a shark forever
yeah I was so cool there's so many
different kinds of fish I've never seen
that variety it's amazing this is
basically our table this is where I've
been sitting for the last few days lunch
guys have you ever seen black bread look
I took a bite out of it I thought it's
just going to be the outside it's black
it's fully black that's true
how do you do that they say that it's
charcoal tastes good just tastes like
bread
being riah have been relaxing and to get
some work done their laptop Club in the
bedroom and now we're heading down to go
on a cruise on a navy on a yacht I think
maybe to go try and find some dolphins I
think that's the plan
I'm I'd be amazed that we find opens
this if we do this will be I think only
the second time I've ever seen of we
have such cool experience in Hawaii the
Dolphins in way yeah I was probably the
ultimate experience yeah
so I don't know I don't think we're
going swimming with them but I think
we'll be able to watch them from the
boat hopefully like jumping around and
swimming alongside the boat oh my gosh
how great is this this is a cool boat
got some non-alcoholic champagne how
cool is that
Cheers okay we've found the dolphin we
just approach them
the device a awareness
Oh
robbing moving up to the front of the
bow
yeah this is a cool spot
there must be so many of them display
this is amazing
the Dolphins are like just following the
boat and then like shooting ahead you
can see them jump down the water playing
and then I don't know how many different
like groups dolphins are ugh there's
like some behind us and then they're
like shoot under the boat of the other
one just don't film there I kind of want
to just dip my go for it
right this way guys the help right below
us
everywhere literally everywhere this is
way more dope individual provider yeah
how many doctors do thing around
company
guys it is very late min right I got
room service we watched a movie would be
in editing vlogs and it's definitely
time to go to bed tomorrow we are going
out to one of the sandbanks
that is away from the island apparently
it's amazing there and on the tape my
drone and get some Co aerial shots of
the whole place and then we're doing
another sunset cruise in the evening and
tomorrow is actually our last day on
Saturday we are heading to Sri Lanka and
we haven't even plan what we're doing
yet but we're going for a week-long
adventure and actually if you have any
suggestions leave them below in the
comments and yeah we can we can plan
something fun right catching the morning
peace out enjoy life you live the
adventure boom
