good morning guys this is one of the
most incredible places I've ever woken
up we're in the beerus resort in the
Maldives I arrived let yesterday after
quite a fiasco of a travel journey with
forgetting flies and forgetting like
different things like my drone and stuff
but now we're in Paradise so I'm super
happy you happy so and we're here to
celebrate rice birthday which is next
week but we just thought why not spend a
week here look at this morning love take
me higher
maybe brighter on inside my own hello
morning love
ah whatever you want home
whatever just picking up some snow cool
gear we'll just try on our fins
we call them flippers guys here's a
better shot the island you can get kind
of perspective we're staying in this
little house this is where we have our
breakfast which is how tiny the
Islanders we're just getting showing the
sharks that we're gonna see waiting for
you so we have to look for the top of
the fin too soon you can see a white or
black and not shocked a little bit flat
face they don't have the column Thanks
in love show me things I had only
dreamed of
give me places but we can fly
my love whatever you want
whatever you need whatever you want
all right it's time to go snorkeling
this is pretty incredible guys we can
literally just walk down these steps on
the side of our house straight into the
sea
guys this is unreal this is like almost
as good as scuba diving and the fish and
coral are right then this is this is the
best snorkeling I've done the record
yeah blackball I thought we were going
to be really far away from a house and I
and I kind of looked up and I saw where
with my gonna looked over a little right
in front of my house I think I took too
many cameras with me I just wanted to
like test different ones out and see
which looks better I had had three
GoPros and then my rx100 which I'm using
now probably didn't need three go
that was absolutely unreal I mean
literally like 10 nummy is down man but
it is like hundred now I thought those
are all rocks but that's all living
coral from the fish like really colored
fish parrotfish a sort of bitch that's
what I do charity the discoverer
butterflies and they're all there I
noticed on the surface of the water we
don't even need to try thanks for
choosing the building super
okay guys this might look very strange
but Riya is filming a video of us embed
a hostage crisis she set up a camera on
a tripod um it's a morning routine so
it's not weird so it's showing us into
bed and then me waking up and doing my
stuff yeah would you throw any weight if
she was just embedded lines this is like
can you just lie there and pretend
you're sleeping no because if you were
I'm like I'm an actor now the back if
you were to pose a bed alone because I
wouldn't be in bed alone you always wake
up after me yeah so why would I wake up
with an empty bed snappin so while she's
filming I just have to lie here pretty
good pretty easy okay make sure Nick
next shot okay action okay okay not only
again right we've wrapped from the
bedroom scene now why is gonna do a
shower scene something it sounds so bad
so morning routine guys everyone does a
bed and a shower
stop I keep on having to remind myself
that this isn't a dream that this is
reality we're actually here we've been
planning it for a couple of months but
um I didn't really it didn't dawn on me
what it would feel like being here and
it is just incredible like you know you
see pictures of it but it's just it's
not the same as being here we're going
on a little photo mission to capture the
sunset the skies have lift up pink or
the clouds look so cool so I think it's
like rainy season here at the moment so
there's a little shower this afternoon
but what is good about rainy season is
that this cloud so like just makes the
sky look even more beautiful
we found the afternoons get a little bit
windier though but something else though
very much even really cool because this
island is so tiny you can see the
sunrise and the sunset
yeah how often you get to do that like
over the state yeah just walk 2 minutes
I don't know whether we're gonna be up
to see the Sun Rise on any other days
but maybe maybe we should do one day for
nice
Oh
well guys it's been a super chill day
today
I'm definitely relaxing into the vibes
and really looking forward to this week
just being able to unwind and obviously
we're here in this super luxury special
place to celebrate Rhys birthday
I found out tonight that this is this
was voted one of the most romantic
resorts in the world I think it was
voted the most romantic resort in the
Indian Ocean and I think the second in
Asia so yeah quite a big deal yeah I
think we're going to have a few days off
now and yeah then there's a few special
little things planned and I think we're
going out on like a scuba dive and a few
little things but yeah I can't wait I'll
catch you soon peace out enjoy life a
little adventure baby
