good morning guys I just landed in Dubai
I'm making my way over to my connecting
flight to the Maldives a good flight
that's pretty well got some work done
and pretty tired though because I think
in the UK it's like 6 a.m. of me guys
this trip is not off to a good start I
was getting off the plane and I was like
don't forget anything Louie you know
what happens at this time in the morning
you're tired and you're forgetful it's
one of the main things happens on I'm
tired you get forgetful literally stood
there for like a couple of minutes
double-checking I got fine for my
passport got all my bags got my laptop
which I left before thought I had
everything then I'm just about to get to
my next guy and I realized I left my
drone on the plane I'm not used to
having the extra bag so I just totally
forgot I brought it I've just called
through from the help desk to see
whether they can get it off the plane
and bring it to my next gate in time
they're not sure they said this question
at the time but
I really hope they do be so annoying
I can't record right
so they have to receive anything use it
in the overhead luggage above 24 B can
someone going get X and my flight
doesn't take off for an hour I could run
back to get it I understand when always
halfway here they said I had to come
here but they would go get it for me but
because nobody allowed to go back in the
aircraft except for the police
what about the people doing their
check-in the plane the staff there are
keener so yeah the cleaners yeah so
there is a lot of bad stuff and every
hand over to the office to the Lost and
Found office that's why I found them
they haven't received anything from this
right yet I have found the drone the
nighttime so even if they rushed over
here it wouldn't make it on the fly
so they're going to send it on the next
flight to the Maldives
I just hope where I'm staying hours and
hours
I've arrived
are commonly from hair the weather is
outrageous
and the views coming into the plane it's
like literally never seen anything like
that I think I think Ryan might be here
waiting
so I've just found out we are getting
literally straight up the plane onto a
boat and we are we're driving the boat
to our resort that we're staying at
and sir
Oh
thank you
Thanks
oh my gosh this is this is a paradise
look at that water
thank G enjoy
yeah
Cheers look at the first thing we get
given when we get here this is unreal so
the name of this Resort is barrows and
we are having a little tour around with
our villa host what's your name
Nyjah Nyjah so you showing us all the
things in the island I think this is a
very very tiny island yeah right that's
the sea that side we just came from the
sea two seconds ago yeah a ten minute
walk around there oh my god
I think this is the smallest island as
they do if we were into jogging I don't
know what we would do like very less so
in bor√•s we have three restaurants and
toolbars which is all around in this
area right next to each other your final
and line here lime is of a main
restoring variable also be having your
intended breakfast oh nice
Oh check out this swimming pool oh I
definitely think I'll be visiting here
yeah I think I would like to pick myself
you're staying in one of the most
beautiful
you can see how small the island is look
at that oh my gosh I think I need to
change out these jeans and boots it is a
more appropriate attire
ah so lovely we have a swimming pool
this is this is insane I've never stayed
anywhere like this well guys I totally
crashed out when we cuts our room um
yeah
jet-lagged jet-lagged but we are heading
to dinner now sounds like some live
music going on
you
you like to read and just be okay oh
sweet oh we better hey leo
no no I mean women take this one oh okay
so okay come on guys
kids
I rock in Bethy look at this buffet
check out this feast
all right we're hoping the things that
we took for Iowan spicy yeah they're not
spicy and louie's like is that a chilly
in there music it's not very spicy
dinner was fantastic it's been a bit
disorienting today guys just having no
sleep really on the flights and just
trying to adjust the climate and hanging
out Araya so the next few days I'll get
to show you around a bit more where we
are this beautiful island when the drone
arrives tomorrow is coming in the
airport and I think they're going to
bring it in with the next lot of people
that are staying here I'll get some
aerial shots and only twice and
nighttime photography the stars look
amazing and this is literally the most
like paradise place I've been for sure
and I'm just this week is gonna be so
nice me and Ryan is talking about like
meditation we might try and I think find
some time in a day to just peace out and
and yeah just try step away from the
kind of endless craziness that we both I
guess feel we sometimes get into in life
which is exciting and fun but sometimes
you just need to relax and kind of
gather your thoughts and be calm you
know so that is what my goal is this
week just to calm to collect my thoughts
and to just get excited about the future
in stuff that's going on and talking
about stuff that's going on in the
future and last week I mentioned this
some that we're doing in January and
live the adventure summit where you guys
will get a chance to come and hang out
with us
stave the week and learn about travel
tips and have the live more adventurous
Lee and all of that stuff is happening
near Brighton in the UK and we're going
to announce ticket sales for that on the
live aventure Twitter accounts
should all go and follow live adventure
I'll link it below and that's cliff an
umbrella that I'm going to start doing a
lot more cool stuff with there's a lot
of amazing things in the pipeline and
yeah I just want to take you guys in
that journey as well so yeah going to do
that and we'll catch you tomorrow
peace setup enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
