good morning guys we are heading out for
our last last ski on the slopes and
we're only gonna be out for like half a
day and we're flying back to the UK
let's check out the conditions
I'm taking out my 360 the future will
get some pretty cool shots also we're up
early as well I think it's not even 9:00
a.m. yet so yeah we're hopefully gonna
get get a good run everyone ready to hit
the slopes
will we see you later before we leave
okay go thanks boys toy pee
how are you guys feeling I see you today
yeah as I say wait essentially I'm ready
man
yeah your nose is poking out is it low
Chile nose no man so cold I got even oh
it's glorious I love the Sun I love
sunshine
it's worth waking up in the morning for
sure
it's amazing this is by far the best
condition yeah we're thinking of going
to another resort today which is over
the other side of that mountain so I
think we're gonna head over that
direction kind of ski down here and then
head up that lift Wow how stunning is
this
okay we're in the gondola we just trying
to figure out a route that works
amazingly other guys
Bridget Ryan's team have made their way
down to where we just were we're so
gonna meet up with them in a minute and
we're just gonna have to hoon it down
the mountain even though it's icy I
actually enjoy the conditions they were
you guys same house yeah how was your
foolish but as I as I handed in the 360
or holdin held into the Popo fever
it's fun my mice bored around I caught
my front edge and slam so hard take it
then a 50 mile an hour today 45 well you
didn't see oh yeah
Steve's just installed the app though
the this was a good ski tracks yeah 70
today yeah guys that you'll go in a
little plug for this app not sponsored
download ski tracks is actually an epic
app for measuring your speed senior
outreach ignore that oh right I'm gonna
try and hit 50 today there's my girl 55
these are the best views yet
think from here power you can see Mont
Blanc do you know which direction this
is if set which one is it
tallest in Europe oh this is this is the
guy
make it be all mine this is quite
incredible sitting here in the Sun just
admiring such a notoriously incredible
mountain I think we're gonna hit it now
we're gonna hit it hard down the man
like Russia and we pray by day we can
dance free without get me out this one
time please what I'm gonna make you be
all mine
I got 5.8
right we met the others Raya stay
Bridget how was it how was the LHC
stoked down there yeah honestly when we
were going down I was like there's no
way the girls are gonna be able to make
this underestimate this hotdog yeah the
bread isn't cut open are they just
hollowed out maybe they just drilled it
that is cool
fill my seat just cooling it down with a
bit snow I can see little bits of grit
in there now because the snow was and
wasn't clean cheers everyone holding
their hotdogs up - cheers Cheers hot
dogs
guys Antoine has just arrived you might
recognize him from Ben's vlogs recently
and Greg and they're gonna join us for
our last few runs of today they live in
Geneva so yeah they're just cruised over
yeah nice man
you ready Steve from ready man it's warm
we need to try and get some cool photos
at the top again yeah yeah I think we're
gonna go on this this chair left here
guys I'm leaving a little ride from
Bridget this is the problem with
snowboarding on the flat
it doesn't slow
all right sadly it's time to say goodbye
it has been such an incredible stay this
is I mr. perfect where it's just perfect
weather today it's like such a nice day
to end on and we're rushing now because
some of the guys have got flight before
us we just signed the guest that I
didn't know where to say I was from so I
put citizen of the world and I'm just
finishing off a coffee arrives in Geneva
the airport
that's quite a quick Drive actually and
we're just getting all our bags out
there's some big bags I think coming on
these kind of like winter holiday
especially snowboarding stuff there's so
many big clothes you need like a salad
pair some big Jack is that it's very
difficult to just travel with Hannah
luggage I've actually put my skis some
of my skis stuff from Steve's big bag
yeah I don't know how I do it with just
hand luggage I don't think it's possible
unless I get to do this way or way or
speed-wise oh yeah so been waiting to
board the plane linguist think we're
stuck here been waiting about
20 minutes or open I don't know whether
the planes here rise falling asleep she
is but she's gone they may be looking to
stay here tonight back in the UK
okay Bridget has left us from the
airport we jumped in an uber
steve has gone up to Victoria coach
station and caught a coach home me and
Ryan are staying at my parents tonight
and that she's catching a flight to
Bulgaria tomorrow to get a South African
visa and I'm gonna be chilling in the UK
for maybe a week and then heading in
heading down to Cape Town to start
working full-time on the Beyond Borders
documentary the flight around the world
but yes one incredible start to the year
that was such an epic trip guys and it
was so amazing to be spending it with
him with friends and my cousin and yeah
I'm really excited about this year and I
hope you guys are too and yeah I'm gonna
get some sleep now
and I'll catch you tomorrow peace out
enjoy life lifts the adventure
