good morning guys up early we've had one
coffee and probably need another one so
we are just arriving at the new YouTube
space at Kings Cross and yeah we're from
about some having an amazing
inspirational day at a YouTube summit of
social change inside oh yeah I'm excited
I'm just trying to figure out where my
name again anyway hey first stop is
freak about boom yes yes right why have
I never seen
that's what you want you know one year
they won over again
we can't break up the world into us and
them and not feed something very
dangerous in this woman we've brought
you here into this really intimate space
so that you all like being cozy to talk
about change
everyone should have a voice especially
the ones that don't often get hurt
YouTube is a place where anyone can
belong
no matter your tribe or your following
or your race or your sexual interest or
your gender you should be able to find
no matter who you are a community of
like-minded individuals you know we
don't see a bit we all human beings okay
this is a very diverse crowd but we go
through life together
and life is very tough but the reason
why I love comedy so much is because of
this when I make that joke for those 10
seconds while they're laughing they
forget everything and I think that's the
most beautiful thing you can do for
another human being and that's why I
become it's always Muslim this and it's
wrong that you know Eva loose-limbed
overpass cross like stupid headlines
like you know Muslims force the Queen to
wear that hijab you know
just cold the one thing I say about
Islam is okay we are taught that God
says if you kill one innocent person -
but that's like killing the whole of
mankind but it also says that if you
save one innocent life - but that's like
saving the whole of my life we can't let
the hateful ones hold the megaphone as
dr. Martin Luther King said those who
loved peace need to learn to organize as
effectively as those who love before
pink cannot drive out hate only love
noise we have ducked out for a 10-minute
coffee break
I've got feeling today is going to be
very overwhelming and leave me
processing a lot bomb the channel
literally two years ago almost and I
only found out today that she was
actually here she's on the program and
neighbors like way is there your friends
like what are you talking
you do burlier they Yoda brilliantly but
it's like thank you all for receiving me
here it's great to be able to speak at
such an important for my name is Joseph
poet knowledge is simple information
that we get to acquire but what about
that which we have yet to acquire the
bits you forget the bitch you neglect
imagine all the knowledge that slips
through the net
pearls of wisdom that haven't been given
that polished understanding you can't
access at college simply because it
hasn't been accredited according to
academia this world by an agent of
changes ours so there's no way we can
all be amateurs we form our force than
140 characters we share jokes through
gifs and memes have you found a brand
new home of nascent dreams progress
occurs by many different means but we
owe it to ourselves to listen to me I'm
not just a guy that sells the vision
I'm temperament to the fact that with a
little help and wisdom young people can
be self-sufficient please help me
welcome in common
my thing is like going into areas and
really finding out what the issues are
because I don't generalize each area you
know because each area specifically you
have some specific issue to that place I
was blessed to go to Muhammad Ali's
funeral and it was his memorial and
there were gay people there there were
Muslims there were Jews Jewish people
they were Baptist ministers there were
black white Latinos the Native Americans
all felt like we were part of one and
that was to me an example of what the
world is and what it should be if black
people don't rise up to a certain level
where inequality is not given to us in
America then America will never see the
true freedom injustice that it claims
it's a must
that's our duty to stand up not only for
ourselves but what's right I realized
that the platform in the microphone is a
gift and I want to use it to uplift and
inspire people and it tell my truth and
tell nature I thought is really cool
what you said about evolving you know
and I think we don't know what we don't
know right and then you find something
out I guess the question is what's your
advice to us if we realize a little
we've been doing something that's
hurting someone or affecting a group
that we didn't even know maybe existed
it's like it's okay to make those
mistakes it's okay to like do wrong in
fact like I believe the world can
appreciate more when you say man you
know what else I was wrong you know and
I think you know this is the way I've
changed looks time okay guys managed to
get some food
oh look who's here tomorrow hi there man
and earlier you heard George the poet
doing doing his stuff
there's already that framing for the day
like this is about like social change
like then you kind of want to talk about
it and that's what everyone is going
comment so excited
one common common
so good I didn't know he was coming that
he could walk tonight no way
so anyway want to chat about things in
this cool things happening guys I'll
include you I want to get you involved
is it's like some big projects happening
and
it's inspirational for love very
inspiring stuff we talked about today
I remember one thing that was when I was
doing beauty and I wore lipstick I think
and people were asking me what kind of
lipstick is there and I posted it in
comments and all of a sudden like two
hours later was sold out completely and
I was like wow that's crazy first
thought wow you can make money out of
that and second thought is kind of wow
maybe you can do better things selling
lipstick because the rishis is so
amazing and second thing was just the
fact that me because I became older I
was more interested in the world what's
happening do I want to live in a world
like that do I want to change something
can I do something actually
good base to start tracking shapes the
world is coming to an end the air is
polluted the oceans contaminated the
animals are going extinct the economies
collapsed education is shot police are
corrupt intelligence is showing
ignorance rewarded I got on YouTube
because as a rapper you need to find
different ways to get out there it's
very difficult at the rap industry is
very oversaturated I always would think
you know should I do a show in front of
a hundred people will create a video
that has the potential to reach a
hundred million people and that was the
day of the community it's kind of take
creators we we have a choice we can even
date people deeper to the freedoms we
can either make their hearts or we'll
make their hearts the power the power
in your heart I just got a shuttle back
for the hotel the day isn't over
we've got another little shindig part
you think tonight but I'm pretty
exhausted so I think I'm gonna have a
little power nap
before we continue today stairs to the
party just in time to see this
incredible view London and Fernet and
basically everyone's bringing up these
little pages and pinning them onto this
map here say hashtag creators for change
they never even see that
guys this is Prince you heard him on
stage earlier also I don't even remember
like a few weeks the electron in this
videos is super inspirational you can go
check them out below but yeah we're like
enthralled in conversation so that's why
I'm normally I've nobody much tonight
but it is bedtime
after hours of intriguing deep
conversation and inspiration and just
digesting a lot of what we saw today I
hope you don't mind it was just a lot of
content today like a lot of clips from
people speaking and yeah just not a
normal vlog but hopefully it gave you a
little glimpse into some of the cool
things happening around the world and
yeah just some good news and it's
showing that people have hope and there
are real things happening and it's not
all this narrative of conflict that the
media portray all the time but there's
there's real good things happening and
yeah I think I want to search after
those stories of hope a bit more and
show you guys more of the good things
going on I try to do that anyway you
know you know me I'm generally quite
positive but yeah I want to go out there
and intentionally search after the
stories of hope
right I'm asleep and tomorrow's quite
busy day just getting everything ready
and I am I don't know I've told you guys
yet but I'm flying to the Maldives to
meet Riya she's been in Bali and where's
she peeing right now I don't even know
Taiwan and she's made me in the Maldives
and we're actually celebrating her
birthday out there we're gonna have a
romantic week in paradise
I catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy your life live Adventure
Bay
