good morning guys it is a beautiful day
in the Maldives and the Barriss resort
and today it's a very special day
because it's right it's bad day 24 and
this is like the perfect place to
celebrate it and honestly like I knew
this place has got the reputation of
being paradise but it has been
incredible and we're just taking the
last two days off just to relax and
recuperate and I just feel like a
million dollars
how are you feeling today so so good I
don't know what could get better really
well just you wait what what also guys
yesterday on one of our days off we
moved villas so we were out here we were
out on the water you saw all yesterday's
vlog but now we've moved to a little our
own little private villa and it's like
on the beach so beautiful check this
room out then look we've got our own
little pool the beach is just there and
we're about to go snorkeling guys I have
too many underwater cameras I've got a
GoPro with one of those cool domes so
you can see above and below the water I
have my rx100 in the case and I have a
GoPro session in my back pocket this is
going to be epic
guys that was incredible I saw like
three sharks did you see it crazy
absolutely crazy
I think tomorrow we're going scuba
diving and we're going to see a lot more
and royai really wants to see a turtle
because when we were in Hawaii she
didn't see the turtles should we go find
so you'll get lunch lunch time
what was your favorite fish you thought
when we were snorkeling I think is a
really big green one yeah I've no idea
other calls but you could literally hear
them eating the coral like every day you
could hear them chewing it it was so
I've never heard fish before eating it
was crazy and even though they made
sounds
guys we've decided to go for a light
lunch because we had a pretty big
breakfast just going for a cheap low a
picado and toast
smooth
so I've organized a little surprise for
Rhys birthday today
we're basically heading to this little
isolated tiny sand Bank with a bar on it
I think the piano bar and I think we're
going to be the only people out there to
eat dinner and it's like super romantic
not only is this voted one of the most
romantic places on earth
this specific little activity is like
one of the most exclusive coolest things
you can do here so we're about to head
there now and she has no idea right
we're we're taking wire somewhere
she doesn't know where yet
Cheers this is pretty amazing it
shego any ideas yet where we going
somewhere by the sea yep can you guess
where we going
this is where we're having dinner
guys for starters we have some kind of
sushi vegetable sushi not some in this
I'm guessing you in there chosen to eat
the whole thing Ahmad that's how I eat
sushi it's windy but it's like warm wind
this is like my favorite kind of win
and you can just smell like the fresh
sea air this is
this is a very very nice evening look
guys it's a birthday cake for aya happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear aya see it says Roya
happy birthday to you get it get it
we've just got back to this check this
out oh my gosh is this romantic very
yeah well I'm hoping Riya enjoyed her
birthday I I think she did it was pretty
special
especially tonight that um that little
platform we went out onto and have
dinner I never done anything like that
and and when we got back we just were
down to the beach we lay down one of the
beanbags and just lay under the stars
and it's just been really good quality
time for me and riding out here because
although we're often together and we're
often traveling together I'm also just
constantly working like editing in the
evening so it kind of takes away from
our quality time so that's why the last
couple of days have been especially good
we're going to scuba diving first thing
tomorrow morning and I'm pretty sure
we're going to see lots more sharks they
loved seeing the Sharks the valence so
good but anyway I'm gonna get some sleep
and catch it's mine peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure Hey
