good morning guys we have just arrived
at Photokina this is a big photography
conference in Cologne and we've been
invited out here by Sony so we're gonna
see some of their new products and
experiences crazy event
guys this is Simona she's looking after
us the next couple of days she's showing
us the some of the photos from their
Sony World Photography Awards and this
is one of the winners is this the winner
overall winner to the open category hi
here is the Sony area
are we checking up some of the bad guys
I've just joined the Sony crew sweep our
I've always been by the Sony crew Dennis
I've got him Joe days checking out the
ones this the rx10 three this is my guy
he is crazy good but he's got crazy zoom
like six hundred they all do ever since
the so big thing we Louie was like
mister zoom being into like random
people in places I've always been
jealous I'm not gonna be carrying that
way around and this one
kazumi spacey like the rx100 on steroids
I think I get it he's also got a
thousand FPS high frame rate which is
super slow-mo yeah but it's 40 times
slower than reality
no that is really that's like matrix
that is literally what matrix
I feel like I'm in The Bourne Ultimatum
right then he's going to show off the
new Sony camera this was released
yesterday why is it this is our latest
full-frame email camera
it's got to 24 megapixels 1% Wow there's
nothing in the market which is such high
resolution in such high Freeman we're
just having a look at the folding screen
take the screen yeah you come all the
way up and you can even turn itself
around that is cool that is really cool
I've never seen a screen either that's
amazing so we have it love it boy
we check out Ironman
wait Dave I want that suit so bad that
it's
actually get yourself with Ironman yes
prov can you do the head thing the mass
thing no yeah as that's so cool that is
a serious question
I've never been to many events like
Comicon or anything so I don't I don't
often see we were dressed up in fancy
dress that was that's very cool outfit
we're going for a little stroll
seeing some of the other exhibitors and
brands and stuff we've just spelled this
Mazda booth and they've got this like
bullet-time rig and we're going to sit
in the car in a minute hopefully is
awesome
we've been they were gonna sit in the
car bullet-time video got it 1 2 3
hopefully I got it let me just take a
look basically I'm trying to throw my
dreads up in the air two words the photo
takes there's like a sense of this
frozen in time think of other ways which
is to be like pretending guys this is
pretty bulky but check this out this is
an LED like light that you use of
filming flexible what roll out bro roll
that up that is back throw that in your
bag Booya hour-and-a-half battery
I mean this is a bulky battery this
needs to be reduced but that is
incredible technology right is great
that's my kind of thing look wait look
how nice days facelets for this you
could film like I can't see anything you
could film videos in your forest right
no I can actually have light in my
forest
so I was just saying to Dave I'm all
about compact stuff that I can travel
with obviously because I don't have a
studio or anything so a lot of this pro
photography gear with massive frames and
humongous big light equipment
it doesn't really attract me to want to
buy because I'm just never going to use
it maybe one day if I had a studio but I
like the little roll-up things things I
can throw my bag
I kind of feel the same with these like
sliders I know I can get some awesome
shots with them but they're just too big
the rigs are too big to carry around
another difference between oh we just
found a little stand doing mobile power
solutions like solar powers this can
charge a laptop this can charge to full
macro charges this is apparently like
seven charges on your phone includes a
little light so I'm very interested in
this this is one of my ongoing problems
is
like right now iPhones and fight percent
probably gonna run out before we get
back to the hotel
I just borrowed one of the charger packs
or some wandering around a lot you may
have seen a couple of days ago GoPro
announced their new drone so I've
actually found a demonstration one of my
notes have a look at GoPro Palmer
Oh check this out guys
so you mount the GoPro on the front and
then this comes out doesn't it all comes
off and then that can be your handheld
check this out this is their new setup
so this like you can run around the
handheld and film things and it uses the
same gimbal stabilizer as the drone does
that's awesome and how how small does it
pack down into do these these arms fold
in then they and you don't have to take
the propellers off you just right
straight in the box
check that out in blonde yeah so it's
very tough to kind of pack away and grab
when you're low on the moon
and wins it on sale first public okay of
September or October okay so in a month
nice okay yeah you heard it here guys
this is gonna be available in a month's
time
we're back with Sony and I just getting
a few little gifts for me to take away
this is an unreleased 256 gigabyte SD
cards with a faster write speed than the
ones I'm currently using so this is very
exciting
guys this is the thing I'm most excited
about right now I literally was just
talking about how I need more power I'm
always running on low in my iphone look
at this guy super fast charge 10,000
milliamp hours it's gonna hold at least
four charges to my iPhone so I think I'm
gonna be rolling with this my pocket the
whole time earlier on there were some
models doing a little photo shoot in
this booth that's it Dave work it you're
a tiger you're a tiger you're a dragon
that's your move that is your move
though right there you know give us a
little blip bite wait tomorrow you
should be the guy we should try and get
Dave fit tomorrow when it all they're
all testing all the lenses Dave can be
it will save money they won't have to
pay the models you bro you can be doing
that I'm not Dave I'm i'ma tiger we're
now heading out with the Sony team to go
and grab some dinner on
see you have to pull the thingy going to
just pop back to our hotels view if you
think before dinner
they've just literally scared the life
out of me climb down from his bedroom up
there on the window and there should be
nothing outside his window yeah I've
never seen him jump so badly I don't get
jumpy like I don't call him the last
time someone actually like properly got
me oh my god someone's right
see let me see in the butt in like 20
minutes yeah half hour yeah yeah you got
me you got me good right my blog upload
it and yeah I'm hungry I'm ready for
some food it's being weirdly exhausting
today even though you have just been
kind of wandering around and some
Chinese people had a really good chat
with Adobe would love to do some stuff
with Adobe it's cool meeting all the
brands that you actually they are like a
daily part of your life look at this
there's a some kind of like painting
workshop going on
thank you
we had a very nice dinner an Italian
place just so much fun hanging out the
Sony team it's been a really great day
they looked after us well and yeah it's
just been cool hearing some of the
future projects I can get involved with
there's another photo show happening
next year which is happening in
Birmingham which hopefully I might get
to speak out I'd love to do some more
public speaking and sharing a bit of the
world I've learnt about social media
YouTube and stuff that'll be pretty cool
I'd like to do that yeah it's just been
good delving into this whole world I'm
not actually that used to these kind of
things like photo conferences and and
seeing how brands do things so yeah it's
been it's been good fun so unfortunately
me and Dave have to head off tomorrow so
we've only spent one day here at
Photokina and there's so much more I
would have loved to see so many other
like booths and cool things and
technology and stuff but we have to head
back because it is the YouTube summit
for social change happening starting
tomorrow night there's a few different
youtubers from all around the world
they're flying in and we're going to be
spending a few days
I guess just chatting about doing good
in the world and how we can use our
platforms to Yesi real change happen
that's the constant struggle I think in
this whole industry is making sure
that you're using your platform for good
so new I think those are some of the
conversations we're going to be having
over the next couple of days and I'm
really looking forward to it well I
guess sleep in my boudoir I don't really
know what the plan is tomorrow Dave
still out with the guys
his phone's died he hasn't got a charger
with him I'm probably I can I just have
to figure out what time we need to leave
in the morning and go and wake him up
and then we won't miss our flight
hopefully I kind of wish I could stay
another day because it was a lot fun
today just way too big to do in a day
and for those of you that I bumped into
there's nice to meet you thanks for come
and say hi all right I will catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and let the
adventure
