good morning guys we are leaving the
hotel I mean Dave ahead and off we just
said goodbye to Neelam we dragged her
out of beds to say goodbye we're going
to try and stay more in touch than we
did last time and like didn't sleep
we've got today and then I need to go
and pick up a replacement camera again
from Sony keep breaking the cameras and
then and then what and then half and
then go a long travel time journey great
great time they did you enjoy it those
last couple of days yes Ben it's been
the best Google event had been to and
it's much more balanced for us only
everybody just wants to talk to Larry
but here be as well because it's all
about the stuff we do together so that
felt really good
yeah and I can't wait to hang out with
and collaborate with some of the guys we
we met especially Prince he's such a
legend little boy
drive
I dropped a bow tied to my parents and
jump to my boosted boards and going get
some brunch with my mum and grasp are
they just in the town centre and then
I've got a crack pod with trying to get
ready for travelling Starfy little
errands to run I need to pick up my
tripod Steve and I need to yeah I need
to get my camera like I'm saying right
we're here
food has arrived got a smoothie and a
whole bunch of vegetables lunch is done
trying to have as much fun on the
boosted before I go away because
unfortunately I'm not bringing it on my
travels because you know airline
problems with the batteries what is
going on here what is going on there
first task complete to meet Steve and
get my tripod yeah I have to rush I've
got my guy
how much Steve's off this hey how you
guys doing how are you doing baby
she knows the cameras on hey so I just
go and follow BAE on her YouTube channel
all right you should start a YouTube
channel repair what are your next plans
bro do any travel plans renovate that's
probably when I'll see you Nick no I'll
see you when I go back in couple of
weeks
what are you working on anything special
for breakfast yeah I think I can talk
about it actually go there's a coffee
shop out in Toronto and basically my aim
is to fly out a few days before my
festival film it edit it and actually
show it at office because it's a
toronto-based coffee shop and the story
behind the coffee shop and the owner is
really cool and I think Mike's
showcasing a bit of content from Toronto
where the film festival is being like
like put on I think that's cool yeah and
it shows a process like within those two
days what you can do exactly that guys
if you haven't booked your tickets about
my festival yet me and Steve you're
going to be there what Ben's gonna be
there they see everyone's Gary there and
that's gonna be flippin awesome content
amazing screenings I think it just gets
better about every year so go and get
tickets now it's my fav don't miss out
yeah my friends every food event so come
with me just come and hang out come and
be inspired by film yeah yeah
right I'm going to upload we enjoy
boardies and I'll see you back in a few
weeks
boom yeah seen a few weeks boots so guys
got a little story for you it's just
gone I think half past seven
I was supposed to board my flight today
at 6 p.m.
I've had a very stressful afternoon I
after leaving Steve's got back packed
all my stuff tried to order an uber it
canceled three times and then when it
did finally come through it said it's
going to be 15 minutes anyway at this
point it was dawning on me that it's
prime rush-hour traffic time and where
it's usually about half an hour to drive
to Heathrow it was saying it was an hour
and 15 minutes to get there at the time
of day then I kind of decided I'm just
gonna drive there and see if my parents
can pick up a car later from the airport
she ran out the door forgetting almost
everything I forgot
both my vlogging cameras which is why I
didn't vlog when it happened and I
forgot my power cable and battery for my
drones this is the first time I'm taking
my drone in for an outing anyway I was
like sitting in the car stressing out
very very angry
I'd really let it get to me and then I
just had this moment of like this
epiphany where I was like none of this
is going to change anything the fact is
I've missed my flight and I'm just gonna
have to accept that calm down and make a
plan from there
so I drove back and pumped myself down
realizing that stressing out isn't gonna
change anything
and thankfully we've managed to book
another flight a bit later now which is
why I'm heading to the airport layer and
it's it's kind of all ok I got a partial
refund and and I'm feeling a lot calmer
and I'm not running late now anyway
that's my dramatic afternoon story and
my dad is kind leaking merely to the
airport now
all right we're here two hours to go
till I take off I'm still very relaxed
easy journey yeah
yeah I'll take care of the drain it's so
funny earlier my dad came to town with
charger and the batteries like he's like
you would have forgotten this as well
like this is after I've had to rush back
off and this and the other flights oh
right we've got it all
I hope the guy everything take care
thanks dude a spoon of it true security
didn't have any holdups it was quite
funny because the guy patting me down
but my basically I set the buzzer off
when I walked through I don't know how I
did my belt off and everything anyway
the guy that was patting me down as he's
patting me down he looks up he goes I
watch your blogs I would have blogged
him but unfortunately you can't film in
the security area right - to grab some
food in the lounge
there is another twist to today's travel
attempt I still don't have a C allocated
they said they're over boots the flight
unless someone doesn't show up for that
flight I don't think I'm getting the C
I've worked which is a bit weird excuse
me
and I haven't be allocated a seat yet
yeah we're looking to board within the
next 10 minutes okay but we are just
waiting for the no-shows
yeah you could it I get it check out
this awesome lounge in the plane what
so we've got three hours until we land
in Dubai then I'm getting on a flight
from there at like 9:00 a.m. all the way
to the Maldives I think I'm really
looking forward to this trip because
firstly I'm gonna see Raya and get to
spend her birthday with Aaron it's gonna
be very special and secondly this is the
perfect place me to try and find peace
again somewhere on my journey the izip
I've been struggling to find peace in my
life
I think there's multiple reasons but
it's left me just getting really
agitated and I think I was touching on
it the other night I was saying you know
I'm feeling anxious or you know that's
why I was going to try and cut down
coffee which um I'm managing to have
another coffee on the fly yet
and Benny I think this very peaceful
week where we're just going to be
staying in a very nice place on the
beach I think maybe even like on the
water like out on the water just having
that disconnect and I'm gonna take it to
a few days off as well which means my
vlogs will be back up to date and I
don't want to touch my computer look at
my phone look at any social media and I
just want to try and find myself again
in the chaos that my mind is anyway it's
gonna be a nice week of discovery and
finding peace again
and I'll let you guys know how I get on
with that journey I think I might have
to find a bit of routine and I thank
today's today I also feel like
I've made morning my enemy my mortal
enemy and I think this trip I want to
time become friends with the morning and
get lots of sleep and recharge and come
come up with creative ideas create you
know create space to have those ideas so
it's going to be very good and excited
and I'll catch you guys in a few hours
when we land in Dubai peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure the
