good morning guys
I mean David just left the hotel and
walk into a train station to get a
flight back to London
but it is a glorious morning here in
flight and we're just walking past the
dome cathedral again or the dom
cathedral did we ever figure out whether
it's Dave or Dom but he is the boy no
gain your luggage stolen guys look at
this dude
is he a pug he's apart I love that guy
subwoofers his back and he's got a
serious set of glasses which are
actually secrets people have accused me
of having a subwoofer for about but this
guy actually does have it
so how's that bro
would it be too strong if I said
life-changing the life-changing yeah
he's got the skills that yeah this year
he has got the skills
Oh guys if you'll ever finding herself
with a bit of time in the airport have a
look around see if you can find a
massage place to be fair he was the best
airport massager oh yeah it's just
lovely though innit lovely it does not
feel like autumn it's mid autumn right
now whoever had matter whether in
Germany me
so now heading to our hotel because
we've got a dinner tonight for this
YouTube summit for social change I was
talking about it yesterday it's gonna be
a good few days we have arrived at the
hotel exhausted from driving over an
hour an hour and I've just got my little
badge for the event YouTube stomach for
social change
I like this badge is very they'll record
fun yeah got a little envelope there's
probably some kind of shaking it all
yes massive welcome note in this war
floor you
guys we have dropped our bags in our
room and we are now about to go and hang
out some people find out who's here at
the YouTube summit for social change and
I think one of the reasons we're here is
obviously the Solway project which
happened this year I won't go into
master detail have you missed it
basically we spent the whole of April
traveling the world looking for
compassion of problem solvers that want
to thinking a bit deeper about the
world's problems and cool inventive
solutions and compassionate solutions to
those problems and then we open that up
globally and said look submit your ideas
send in little videos and no matter how
crazy the idea is we actually wanted
people the riskier the idea really we
wanted to think outside the box
there weren't many limitations on who
could enter and we ended up selecting
seven people from all over the world
I think Venezuela Brazil Egypt two
people from India the US and it where
else Bolivia and America yet aberration
so yeah we got amazing ideas
congratulations guys for those of you
that were selected we're so excited to
be able to support you firstly I just
want to say I'm inspired all that we're
bringing it hopefully is a bit more
encouragement a little bit finances but
also Dave's sort of our mentors to help
people flourish and bring their ideas to
the next level which I've heard it has
happened you guys are killing it and and
we've just been thinking right what's
the next step what are we gonna do with
soul B and we just want to go do her and
early next year we've decided we'd love
to go and visit those projects from you
know in those countries rather than do a
kind of crazy travel things like we did
in April we want to go and
yeah just see the projects that are
running and just see how we can further
those really yesterday was three months
when we announced the winners we did
some Facebook live videos to announce it
and every single of the seven teams has
developed massively in the period of
time over the last 90 days basically so
that's kind of gone into our thinking
about what to do next we're like
actually there's so much more to be done
with these guys that it would be a bit
crazy on the limited resources we have
to just go back to the start and have
more applications so yeah hopefully we
will figure a way to go out and see all
these guys and all the natural by their
home places basically and go get behind
them and if we do events which hopefully
will let you know about well in advance
you can come people flew from all over
to the events cross country into country
then it will be then there will be put
into the middle and then share their
stories I guess it's just yeah it's
going thief or isn't it they're going to
the next level so it's very exciting and
it's very awesome to be invited here so
that social change summit I think we're
in one of those like too early like 18
people from the UK that yeah and I mixed
I like to hear what other people are up
to one other thing if you want to hear a
bit more about the project that we did
do in April and the winners that we are
supporting we're gonna link the Forbes
article in the description so you can
kind of read up and see some the videos
and kind of follow those projects and
yeah I don't know I just I just think
this next few days could reignite and
stir us up more more passionate to see
the world change to find other people
that want to change the world in
positive ways and
yeah you could think massive
congratulations guys massive reversal
totally blow me out of the water and I
can't wait to spend more time with it
right let's go mingle let's go network
so even though we're exhausted
I'm so glad that each and every one of
you is made the time to be here so with
that I really welcome all of you to
London and to this great night tonight
where you can begin your connections and
starting to get to know everybody that's
here because each one of you has a
wonderful story to tell
thank you noise we're having a lovely
night there's a few familiar faces
around you in behaviour from Dubai hey
and cannot come over in the u.s. toilets
around it somewhere how are you guys
finding it how you guys doing yeah
hi danava he's looking forward to
tomorrow I just got this incredible
dessert it's got flowers on it look at
those flowers we got a special is it
yeah
let me tell them you bring them everyone
had their own dessert everyone the same
one and Louie a special
special
yes far is gonna be awesome it's a nice
bridge hills were just like minglang
catching up obviously haven't seen these
guys readers I just found out we've got
an early start tomorrow I think we have
to leave there like 8:45 is our shuttle
to the new YouTube space is that where
it's happening
yeah my god I don't really know what's
happening but anyway yeah
is it yogurt ahead so you have to drink
lots of coffee
I found Twila are you you got ritzy this
is a fancy camera I know you've changed
I know at least I'm not like rolling
with a big type of the whole time I
would like that it's good I don't even
know another VidCon briefly for like
that's what happens nowadays we never
even get to see each other anything no
we were just reminiscing about the Italy
trip guys you and my guys if you want to
take a trip down memory lane
go watch the videos from what 2014 oh it
was a long time it was a while ago
of our Italy trip it was a oza lads
holiday and it's sad because everyone
sing their own things now we were just
saying we don't think that's that would
never we would never be able to schedule
that again it's too hard it literally
you have to plan it like two years out
and we have to do that so yeah flakes in
the group
we got people got their own things going
on and ice so we have to make it work
just have to do our own yeah we have to
lay the most of little times we do see
each other I'm glad I didn't even know
Tyler was gonna be here - like what a
pleasant job saying no Connor and I were
like what's coming to this we don't know
I still don't know like we saw a Phoebe
remember yeah you're looking forward to
the next time of days like I am being
inspired no yeah I feel like it's gonna
be it's incredible because especially
because we don't know many people here I
feel like we're gonna meet so many
people from the YouTube community yeah
on this crap oh my god Italy
yeah I did but yeah it's cool to have
these guys in London with us and they're
only around for a couple of days I'm off
when am i off like Friday night so we've
got I've got a couple of days with them
you've got minimal time minimal time we
got to make the most of it where we're
going gonna get some food
we can supply
right we came to Wagga Mama's I'm pretty
full from the food reading and the
YouTube thing but I did go for some
edamame and a little green juice thing
have you had to wangle mummers before
well that was very unexpected I did not
know that Connor and Tyler were gonna be
here for these few days and getting a
chance to actually catch up with them
honestly it's just been so nice like I
often think back to and we will hanging
out and doing a lot of stuff together
and how we all kind of split off and
doing different things like I saying
earlier and it is kind of sad it's also
a part of life I'm sure like you guys
have experienced moving on and kind of
friendship groups changing and it's just
it just happens you know but it is very
nice to reunite and catch up and and
yeah I just feel it's just really yeah I
just feel all warm and fuzzy and we've
got the whole day tomorrow to hang out
and and plan together and come up with
ideas of how to do do big things for the
world and play our part and get you guys
involved as well and use our platforms
for good so I think that is what the
most the conversation tomorrow is going
to be about and yeah I'm looking forward
to it I should probably get some sleep
so I'm not like exhausted the whole day
it's already 2:30 in the morning and got
up in six hours or something
yeah feeling good and yeah it's gonna be
awesome it's gonna be awesome it's gonna
be lots of talking tomorrow but really
good talking see in the morning
peace out into your life and live the
adventure the
