good afternoon guys I just be working on
my parents this morning I just picked
myself up some chips and arriving at my
bus which has been having some things
done to it today including some more
work on the hot tub so I'm excited to
see all it's a cool little marquee up
there I'm guessing that's because it's
been scorching today so the boys have
been working under there well I think
the boys had done a good job in the bus
today unfortunately one of the main
challenges we've had this entire time
he's getting someone to fit a boiler for
the hot tub as you remember a few weeks
ago we confronted a guy who had taken
money to do that and then hadn't
delivered and stopped picking up his
phone and didn't pay us back and a
little update is he still hasn't paid us
back so we're going to take him to small
claims court but you know if these
things happen other than that I think we
make it a good progress on a bit of
advice though guys what I think what to
do downstairs one of my options is to
remove these double doors here to create
some more seating room because obviously
we're taking up so much room from the
back boiler section and water tanks and
then we're going to buy a coffee maker
here and how this is a little coffee bar
and then I don't know I think we just
want to do some more stuff downstairs so
it's obviously the big feature upstairs
is the hot tub the big TV that Sony gave
us and down here I think we need to give
it some more thought
I like the idea just for a big social
space day and then maybe if we do end up
traveling a little bit in it maybe in
here me and Ryan will go on a little
trip around the UK or maybe as a little
adventure crew and it'd be cool to have
some bed options some thinking maybe
this folds out into a double bed down
here obviously we have to put some
blinds in the window upstairs what I'm
thinking is
and this was actually Mike's idea but we
used to do a lot of this when we were
traveling around on my mini bus is have
some hammocks that can basically hang
between the two railings they're going
to be along the sides here and then we
could probably sit like four hammocks I
don't know there's a lot cool options
and we're also thinking about a way of
being able to cover the top here so you
see how that this is just a little
marquee but we're thinking to have
something that could be fixed in place
when we're stationary maybe if it's like
raining or something it just gives a bit
of covering so it doesn't completely
ruin the party and then as I've said
before as well we're going to block this
all off to make a little cabin in there
so it's nice and warm for the winter
right I'm not going to hang around I
guess we'll figure out the hot tub stuff
and it's come today's I'm going to go
back and get some food now
also guys I think as good as this looks
I think we're looking at the option of
wrapping it as well so it's a really
profesh and also gives the option to do
some different collaborations with other
brands and people and so we could get
some stuff in the side I want to get
like a screen down the side like a video
screen to show some stuff comment below
if you've got any other ideas of things
we should do inside because Mike and the
team have done a great job building the
shell of the button and that's kind of
the main bit but I think the finishing
touches inside and how we deck it out
what we put inside it it's going to be a
big thing as well so that's the next
phase so let me know below if you think
how we should do the inside and what we
should include and the kind of events we
should be doing I'm thinking a pop-up
coffee shop where I tweet or snapchat my
location somewhere in London in the
morning and then everyone could come and
try and find it and we could have a
little hangout
a coffee laptop club or something I
don't know yeah let me know ideas below
anyway
right let's go get some food so I
thought tonight might be the perfect
evening to try out some new functions on
my drone I haven't checked out yet I'm
going to try and get it tracking me
while so I'm cruising on my boosted
board
I don't know how dangerous it is but
let's give it a go
so unfortunately the drone battery
wasn't fully charged I think my dad's
been having a little bit too much fun
with it once I've been away I am now
heading up to central London to see my
friend Jacob do you remember a few
months ago when I was with Sam we went
on the rooftops in London near Tower
Bridge and got some amazing photos and
video clips and stuff well we went with
Jacob
he's an instagramer and creates and
takes incredible rooftop urban nighttime
photography so we're going on a little
bit an Instagram mission maybe one of
his other friends as well and I'm quite
excited it's gonna be pretty amazing
I'm here with Jacob and Harry and
Harry's got some cool places for us to
explore so we're going to have a mission
so we're climbing onto some rooftops and
because this building is nope they're
still building it there's no elevator so
just walking up stairs
made it guys check this out buddy
yes I can
let's take you
guys this rooftop is pretty sketchy look
at this look at this curved like edge
this basically just goes all the way
down it's no barrier beyond this
the
but this is the dude is amazing that
shard over there and they were about to
walk over that side decent pools and has
the Parliament and London Eye but we're
just getting a few shots here first
guys craziest thing just happened I
dropped my phone from up there you see
how high that is
that's like two stories yeah and it
didn't smash check this out
like way to the visa line masterful
- is that literally no cracks and and
I've cracked my phone before literally
just dropping off my lap onto the floor
Oh crazy
all right guys you can get a better idea
of how to get you this route is look
curves right down and then it's a sheer
drop you nothi
that's crazy oh my God look at that
image that is sick I notice it as well
that B is the sketchiest part yeah it's
going Lu a villain don't look down
deliberately dr. lowdown
your body gets shaky
yeah man because that's like the last
thing you need your body today literally
went up what my legs are shaking when I
was standing on their case we got Jacob
taking the shot and these on the shaft
over that is cool just to give you guys
an idea that's what living your standard
how'd you feel man
yeah this is scary no things are scary
but it's good
oh yeah oh my god that is ridiculous
looks it yeah that looks insane
it's so cool
we made it
guys I am I am quivering a little bit
from the adrenaline of walking up that
and scaffolding there Harry's gonna
stand on again I'm gonna go standard do
not get nervous I mean I used to but now
it's just like you just got used to it
haha
right we're gonna head back down that's
pretty awesome thanks for bringing me
here guys
rooftop life the building that we went
to last time I um I showed how we got on
the roof and I think a lot of you guys
try to go there too didn't get a mound
of like upper security so I know I'm
going to try not to give away where we
are exactly but some of you may find out
I am pretty hungry guys we've just
stopped in to a 24 hour test guys go
really nice hummus and falafel wrap
we're now going to try and find a cool
area to cruise around on the boosted I
think it's like a flap area behind
Liverpool Street Station public property
oh you're not supposed to do this here
it was cool though right good car like
don't go on there boy we go have a go
yeah but if you guys can just move along
yeah Jaime this is a really nice spot
here guys
look straight down into the station
silly boys we uh we drained the battery
on my boosted board that was a good
night that's a lot of fun
ah very scary that is one of the
scariest things I've done in a long time
ah those guys are cool and I'll link
their Instagram accounts below check out
some of their shots they've done and
they might have even uploaded some of
the shots for tonight actually bullet on
this vlog goes up oh right I get back
now catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
