good morning guys I've just been out for
a coffee at Shiro with my mum from
grandpa and now I'm heading back to my
parents place to have a few things ready
for a little trip I'm going on this
evening me and Dave are flying to
Cologne this photography conference
Photokina
I don't really know what to expect but I
think it's gonna be pretty awesome Riya
left my mom and Grandpa and I'm now just
quickly we're going to Sony pick up
another speaker for the Buffs and then
I'll be going over to get Dave before we
head off got a little bit more packing
to do as well
hello Dave man we are heading to the
airport early we change okay to that and
that you led me to change because I
would still probably cut it fine but
yeah become convinced of this new way
M&E well I've got this card that lets us
chill in the lounges we get free coffee
and snacks and I thought instead of
getting caught in rush-hour let's just
leave a bit early so blow wish waiter
sorry try that yeah go round there
texting after this from right so yeah we
don't quite know what to expect from
this these few days but we're just going
to be hanging out with a Sony team and
checking out what Photokina is all about
I just Chad - so Nene girl when I picked
up a speaker earlier she was saying is
crazy like we would have never
experienced anything like it oh really
crazy big yeah oh wow I think it's like
a massive exhibition hole with like tons
of
chuckles walk around we made it to the
long long stay calm
the line got a lil bit loose but this
way we're not charged 90 queers the in
the short stay like I did last night
yeah
you
this way we finally found our way to the
lounge and I'm pretty happy because
they've got chickpea tagine which we're
gonna tuck into also me and Dave were
just reminiscing this is the exact
lounge where we started the so V trip
just chillin right there that was a long
trip wasn't it this is not gonna be
quite as hardcore as hatch K it sends
shivers down my spine looking about how
I'll gloriously yeah we're just doing
like a two-hour flight to Cologne thank
you chilled
you
we have arrived in Cologne Germany have
you ever been to claim before date a log
cabins good another the target good and
good events good need them in English
really listen I've got that one long did
you do German us go yeah yeah I know
radio call me but serious have you been
to Cologne before
now I haven't Bell in yeah water nice I
don't know much about hello they do grow
wait didn't we get did we get a plate
hold on Dave I think we've got a train
come fly to Moscow and then I'm late
really think that's where we got a favor
absolutely time ago
look at this place this lovely I like
that guy look at that guy what's the
name of that that Cathedral do you know
Oh dorm beautiful
hello cologne first time here at all yes
as far as I remember I think we have
been here before but look on really
maybe just to the bus station but this
is beautiful we didn't come out for a
night know that we are I feel like we've
walked through maybe one Square from the
from the train station to the bus
station to the train station Erica check
this place out oh here we go guys this
is my Roman Cologne
well that means pink chair bats with
diamonds this is a real boudoir
what what is this place these felt
curtains I think they've ever been in
realize we have dropped our bags off at
the hotel are there is bright oh and
we've gone for a little nighttime stroll
to see cologne which looks beautiful as
we're driving in especially this boy
look at this guy look at that guy
that's the dome cathedral right yeah I'm
still trying to decipher the eczema
there is a dorm one dome we're gonna
we're gonna have a look or see it
written down I'm hoping also we all find
like a little late-night food place that
sells falafel that'd be my dream right
after that all guys check this out this
is one of the most impressive cathedrals
I've ever seen I think it might just be
cool though who are I think it might
just be called the dough look doll forum
he is crazy
crazy tall by that is just very very
impressive architecture isn't it it's
ridiculous who's it there's not many
like other places this exploit this big
just the sheer scale of it I say what I
love about it the absolute perfect
symmetry like it's so complex but it all
a little bit of the new schedule is all
symmetrical Apple is very pleasing to my
mind yeah
that is about as good as it gets for
man-made stuff isn't it not normally
that bothered about man-made but that is
a piece of art get it
iPhone walk and make it it's way too big
haha I can't go over this this is I love
nature but this is for man-made stuff
this is serious
this is areas is up there literally up
there nothing modern has anything on
this bro no not the gherkin not the
London Eye nothing broke no that's Kai
is big and artistic look skyscrapers I
mean the to love this but this is like
this is probably this is like handmade
by people without like modern machinery
and cranes instead but look at it though
every single thing is the thing it's
like insanely detailed all kind of old
biblical characters and cherubs and it's
seriously how many man-hours record Oh
millions millions maybe vote maybe
there's like thousands of people like
maybe each put in I'm gonna see this is
gonna be a bad guess but I'm gonna say
200 people working on it for a hundred
years so we just got our food Dave's
already finishes this if it's the left
or rap are this is one of my favorite
laughs oh I love that guy I never used
to like that fan but I'm a massive fan
see what German take it yes why was that
so guys as many of you may know
something I struggled with on and off in
my life is being nocturnal and that kind
of affecting the rest of my days the
last few days I've been particularly
nocturnal I've been waking up kind of
midday maybe 1:00 p.m. and still feeling
like it's the middle of the night like I
haven't even slept so that's why the
last few vlogs there hasn't been a lot
of daytime content it's been mainly
evening and nights
the problem with arriving in Germany is
they're an hour ahead of the UK so where
I've been waking up at you know midday
midday or 1:00 p.m.
essentially my body plots kind of used
to waking up to p.m. Germany time
tomorrow morning I have to wake up at
about 20 boss 9:00 which for a lot of
you isn't early at all but for me it's
actually pretty early that's the
equivalent of waking up at 20 bucks 8 in
the UK anyway all I'm trying to make the
point I'm trying to make is I'm gonna be
very tired tomorrow even if I sleep now
I think I'm going to be dead and it's
going to take me a while to wake up I
also think it's got to one of those
phases in my life where I'm not coping
with coffee very well and on top of a
few other background things that are
stressing me out a little bit at the
moment and that I don't really talk
about but there's a few little things
going on in my life but the the coffee
isn't helping it's actually increasing
my kind of anxiety and feeling kind of
this jittery holy explain it for those
of you that have a coffee addiction you
probably understand but I just feel
looking it on edge so I'm trying to cut
down my coffee I had to today which i
think is pretty good for me I think I
was doing about four or five
cutting down my coffee I'm gonna try and
get my diet back on track like eating
regular meals because I've been like
eating a banana and then forgetting to
eat lunch and then having loads in the
evening so I'm going to try the next
couple days just to get into a good
eating habit
cut down on my coffee and maybe not be
as nocturnal as I have been cool right
yeah anyway I am really looking forward
to the next couple of days seeing some
of the incredible stuff at this photo
conference I've never been to one of
these big things before I've heard it's
incredible and yeah I can't wait to see
some tech try out some cameras meet some
people other photographers videographers
and yeah it's going to be incredible and
hopefully gets me some of you guys here
as well all right I'll catch you in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
