good morning guys is the last day of
Alex's stag do today and we're in
Bournemouth I'm with Steve he's a
beautiful day we're about to go and try
some coffee and then me out with the
other lads like basically the other lads
went left at 9:30 you know running
around so we had to check out and then I
kind of in my heart's loopy state
checked online and it was actually a
10:30 check out so I don't know what's
going on there before I jump in the car
basically this is Steve's car and he's
been doing the driving
the other night I found out about an app
this is not a sponsored thing I just
found out about the best app ever and I
have to tell you guys okay so it's
called cover and it's on the spot car
insurance right so it all have to do its
type and type in his number plate get
comprehensive quote 30 quid 24 hours boy
that's not too bad that's like the price
of an uber that's real good it's so it's
cheaper than a rental car because I
don't you get a day rental car for that
yeah not a full coverage also it's the F
it's like the effort isn't it like when
you're getting a rental car it's quite
long but we've needs you need to go and
find the place do all the paperwork and
you probably looking for a couple of
hours where this what was that 25
seconds then yeah so let you do one hour
boom two three four hours 24 hours gosh
so driving license detailed safety yeah
yeah yeah so I did this the other night
I drove back from the pub in Jordi's car
cuz he was drinking
this is unreal this is actually unreal
bro I am I'm insured and Steve's car
literally what does that take two
minutes I think yeah bro even Quicken
that I love the fact that like
technology innovation absolutely mean he
was mean this is real hassle yeah
to be like but it's making me a whole
day before trying any students in school
if you're in the weekend it's well
versus Sunday right now no car insurance
policies yet for like phone up on a
weekday all right let's do this let's go
get coffee
guys steve has never had kombucha before
and he's gonna try its live bacterial
healthy it's good bacteria by honey it
tastes fizzy but it's not try it bro
vinegar boy that's vinegar oh no it
doesn't taste as bad as it's very floral
to taste it wrote a bit
it is good like it's on my plate but is
it bad
hello yeah
who thinks I've been a girl you know
you're done I like this one I like this
to pay
so for future reference it's all about
this ginger not the we have arrived down
at the beach we just need to find the
boys now why let's pick up surfing by
and bodyboarding really okay zoom yeah
yeah oh there there
yeah yes boy wait look at these rock
side they are they're not real they're
not well that's random
Rambin like a jet on a tandem that to
goats on a tandem
that's random well today's where there
is a little bit nicer than yesterday a
little bit like a hundred thousand times
better
I never come down forward do you ever
come down I've been here once but it's
wonderful really got in our area it's
one of our only sandy beaches there cuz
Brighton styling stones and then you've
got Bournemouth and we'll settle on
Wittering yeah and which one gets so
busy
good morning Dave how's it going good
mate I'd have not no beaches like this
existed in England this is my spare
we're in Los Angeles on the South crazy
this is crazy
so we've left the beach and before we go
back and eaze shown me his electric
skateboard which isn't a boosted board
it looks very similar but it's kind of a
cheaper version I'm just giving a little
test it's actually it's actually all
right not as powerful but
boosted versus what's this other board
called boosted versus the ego okay go
Seiler happen naturally well there you
go that's a pretty a pretty clear review
is about a third of the price but it's
about a third of the power as well are
they the same thing
yeah pretty certain your wheels a bigger
you pulley
the boys are off in their van what bra
what are they yeah by people that know
me well know it knows that I don't me no
sir no I don't make cars
we have stopped at a service station for
some food
she's gonna open this banana go for it
bro yeah you have to fast because
otherwise they'll just mess
we are back in the field that we were in
the other night camping
Mike's packing down it's a few tenth
left here and we're just trying to
figure out a plan for tonight I don't
think it's over yet everyone just left
at lunchtime we didn't even really say
goodbye to every Wednesday from
Bournemouth so yeah I think we should do
something more I'm thinking we should go
and hit up Dave's hot tubs I think
that's a good idea Mike Scott it's
thinking cap on know what it is when I
put it on ice get these awesome creative
ideas a good chin strap spin it it's
like someone's lovingly squeezing my
head
yes you trying to figure out a food plan
oh it's a little fire pit here yes and
you fill it out the hot tub yeah the hot
tub this is a good barter this is Dave's
house by the way guys if you haven't
seen it before
you're gonna chill here those days
bikers riding around the other night
Bianca oh that's actually says Bianca on
it I thought you just made up a name
well we're getting a little fire going
you don't a pour directly on the flame
so pop into the bottle in it this is
nice and warm
so we've popped down to Leatherhead so
now the high streets to get some food
the hot tubs currently heating I think
we're going to encourage Lala cash well
guys we had dinner then we went back to
Dave's jumped in the hot tub for a
couple of hours it just has a really
cool chance and a few of the guys I find
being in a hot tub relaxing not rushing
around is the perfect time to have cool
deep chats about life scheme and just
catch up so which for me is another
reason why I'm excited to get the bus up
and running with a double-decker with
the hot summer that's awkward
yeah I think it's gonna provide a lot of
opportunity for to facilitate good
conversations and it's going to be a
cool social space basically tomorrow on
a tiki guys over my to iyx way to show
us what he's been up to over the last
couple of weeks offers in Bulgaria as
you saw the other day we picked up the
TV into the sound system that we want to
install on it and whilst we were away
this weekend the stag do there's been
some progress with the plumbing for the
hot tub it's all taking a little bit
longer than originally planned but
thankfully because there's no immediate
deadline doesn't matter too much
although we have decided today we're
going to try and get the bus operational
for a little launch party on Friday
the bikes birthday so that's the plan
hopefully that happens
it's been a great weekend hopefully and
let me to wrap it for you guys to come
along
but it's been really really nice to be
to everyone
see glaze he's out enjoy life
indeed venture
