so I've decided every Sunday I'm gonna
try make every Sunday a live Q&A for you
guys and today I thought because the
well the last world flight vlog I've
just uploaded yeah it's just gone up I
thought why don't we do a Q&A you guys
can ask me a bunch of questions about
the flight the experience not really any
of the technical stuff we probably need
JP here with us for that so when me and
JP necks me up we can go through the
technical questions if any of you are
budding aviation enthusiasts anyway I
can talk from a personal experience what
it was like for me it was a long trip
three months and I've had just over a
month now to recover a lot of you should
know that it's not real time the vlogs
I'm uploading are a month delayed over
them off delayed but I will be catching
up in the next week which is good news
because I've taken a lot of time off um
awesome right we've got eight hundred
and something people here guys thanks
for joining me I are some questions on
Twitter earlier let me pull up Twitter
and oh thanks to Jason if you don't know
guys you can it's called super chat you
can donate to me in the in the comments
on the side whichever side it is yeah
it's that size so yeah you can comment
and I can give you a little shout out or
whatever and there's lots of questions
flying through so I'm gonna start with
the ones I got on Twitter earlier and
then yeah and then we can we can carry
on we can chat a bit I'm not gonna go
too long and probably like 15 20 minutes
oh right that's the look so first
question is from Steven it is what was
the most unexpected surprising lesson
you learn about yourself on this journey
unexpected lesson to learn about myself
I would say that's a really tough
question I would say that the thing I've
learned about myself probably is that I
have limitations when it comes to
vlogging and beds edit and upload and
until this trip I've always been pretty
good at it finding internet staying on
top of the vlogs
this trip defeated me in many ways and
yeah I think that was a bit of a
surprise how far behind I got how
difficult it was to create content
mainly because of the early mornings and
kind of having to be flexible and yeah
it wasn't it wasn't normal for me but
you know that was part of the adventure
there's lots of questions flying in
let's leave Ian grab some it's too fast
guys I'm gonna get a lot better at these
live streams okay Oh oh my gosh okay so
I need to grab this oh thanks to Rufus
for the two pounds and super chair how
much sleep did JP have during the
flights did he nap whilst he looked at
the instruments so no unfortunately um I
wasn't ready or JP wasn't quite trusting
me yet to keep an eye on the plane
whilst he was napping I think that would
have been ideal actually really it would
be an ideal for me to get a lot more
plane savvy that probably get like JP
was saying near the end of the trip
actually in hindsight I should have
probably passed my basic pilot's license
and then it would have given me the
ability to help him out a bit more so if
we ever do if we ever fly around the
world again I should probably get my
pilot's license Oh will you ever visit
Cape Town South Africa yes I'm visiting
Cape Town actually in January to start
piecing together this incredible
documentary we filmed whilst in the
world flight and from
that was one of the the most exciting
things about this whole trip was that as
well as doing the vlogs as well as
experiencing this amazing adventure with
Jay P it was also pushing up my comfort
zones and creating something and doing
all these different interviews I did
about 30 interviews hour-long interviews
from all over the world most of the
countries we stopped in there's a few
that we didn't manage to but yeah in
January Cape Town I'm going to be
assembling a team JP hopefully we coming
down and we'll be starting to piece
together yeah this whole documentary and
hopefully by mid next year we'll have
something pretty amazing to show you
guys did you sail Baloo
I don't think Baloo is sold yet it is
here's up for sale obviously I'm not
gonna hang on to the plane I can't fly a
plane we've done the world flight done
and dusted we're gonna sell the plane
and so yeah it's sitting in Oklahoma
right now
now Kapoor will you ever come back again
in India so now cause somewhere I went
to an Indian ap oh thanks to vitally
vitally to pounds in the super chair
yeah I think the thing that we didn't
get to experience an airport that region
of India apparently is the tiger capital
of India and if we'd gone maybe a
two-hour drive out we could have done a
tiger safari go up early in the morning
gonna see Tigers in the wild so I'm
really upset we didn't get to see that
but yeah I can always go back did you
fly I did a tiny bit of flying didn't
really do a lot of flying actually when
we were on the legs in the world trip I
don't know why I think I tried it once
it was kind of it was kind of cool but I
don't think it was actually very helpful
for 4jp for me to be flying so do you
get depressed or emotional sometimes
during the trip yes
depressed but I would say tensions were
high at times emotions were high and
there was all sorts honestly there was
every emotion there was there was like
excitement there was frustration there
was anger at times which is what I'm not
too used to I think when you're crammed
with
for three months you there's this very
intimate and you really you know there's
not many people I challenge you guys to
spend that amount of time in three
months without without having some kind
of friction with but it's all good we
learned a lot about each other each
other's limits and yeah lots of emotions
I think a lot lots of emotions I didn't
cry I don't think I cried at any point
of the trip
oh so many so many questions flying guys
I honestly I'm a bit overwhelmed I
wasn't expecting this many oh my gosh
why is there so much tension between us
two okay I mean it wasn't a lot of
tension but me and JP adept very
different people
I often at times was a bit too laid-back
when he was trying to be serious and
explain things to me in the plane if
there was a very risky situation I think
at times the way I came across was a bit
blase or like I kind of was wasn't
paying attention so I think it was me
learning when to be serious when to
taking seriously but also I guess kind
of be true to myself as well because I'm
quite carefree so it's kind of yeah it
was kind of this challenge of just
knowing when to be quiet and to be
sensible and and then other times when I
can you know be a bit more chatty on the
plane and stuff like that because
there's a lot of quite risky flights we
were taking anyway let's move on and
what's the hardest part of the trip I
think just the the pace at which we were
doing there the flights that the end of
the trip was pretty hardcore we had we
weren't really prepared for the length
of times the length of time we had to
stop in certain places and we were
originally very ambitious thinking we
could go down into South America I spent
some time in Brazil come back up to
North America from there but we ended up
having to do a much more direct route
across the Pacific and we were literally
island hopping the last kind of two
three weeks of the trip it was you know
it was every day would be flying and
that was that was very draining but
luckily we got to relax a bit in
in Hawaii ker Jack thanks for the two
pounds and the super chat yeah Oh China
and Korea yeah we were there's so many
places we would have loved to go to on
the trip it wasn't really a fair
representation of the entire world
obviously we did a kind of direct the
most direct route we could do
circumnavigating the circumference oh
yeah Matthew Matthews in the house
thanks for the five euros Matthew I'm
guessing urine you in Barcelona right
now
Matthew is at the summit you may have
noticed I just uploaded a few hours ago
the final world flight video on on my
channel later on tonight and tomorrow
I'm gonna be uploading oh if I can push
through I haven't slept for 36 hours
guys I've been editing straight anyway
if I can push through there'll be the
other days this summit we had in
California which was epic and that was
one of the highlights of the trip
honestly as well as some of the
incredible places we went to landing in
California having this amazing party it
wasn't just a party it was this
beautiful community of people we got to
spend time together
have conversations get deep open up it
was this just this honestly it was
flawless for me it was everything I
hoped and imagined it would be and yeah
it was it was just a beautiful beautiful
weekend and I cannot wait to to hold
some more events hopefully some of you
guys can come maybe we'll start doing
some on the road we can do some smaller
meetups how did you feel when Raya
surprised me so if you don't know guys
in Bali which is one of our stops JP and
Raya had orchestrated this big surprise
she had flown in she was waiting for me
in there in the room and yeah it was the
biggest surprise in my life honestly I
didn't think I was going to see her
again until weeks and weeks and then
yeah I opened the door you must have
seen the video it was it was awesome I
honestly I was in shock for like 10 15
minutes how much did the trip cost I
don't know how much the trip cost um it
I know roughly how much it cost it basic
song them
almost my entire life savings into it
we've held back a fair chunk of the
Kickstarter money and because that's
going to go into the post-production we
need to get a team down in Cape Town
probably writer editors and we've got
months of work carefully pulling the the
gems of the storyline and just sculpting
this masterpiece for you guys so yes it
cost a lot of money hopefully I'll be
able to recuperate a bit of that but it
was worth it it was a dream that we were
aiming for and you know I don't see the
point in just hoarding saving up money
why not spend it on amazing things you
want to do with your life what else
hello from Germany hello keep or sell
the plane it's already in the process of
being sold we mentioned earlier as well
do you need a composer for the film yeah
we probably will need a composer
definitely want an epic soundtrack so we
will probably open up I'll probably do a
big thing on Twitter or maybe a YouTube
video kind of explaining who we'd need
to help and see if any of you guys want
to collaborate and get involved do you
currently own a house or apartment no I
don't probably a silly thing
but to be honest I don't know where I
want to live I think I would like to
stay for a few months in Venice in LA
and there's a lot of cool people there
next year after the Cape Town trip I'm
hoping we can find a little apartment to
stay in for a few months there Andreas
you enjoyed following along can't wait
for the film a few people have said that
to me thank you
means a lot knowing that people are
eager and waiting for the documentary so
yeah thanks for the support
oh why did he shoot yourself a three
month from limit yeah I think the three
month limit on the trip was difficult
because it was it was too short we
rushed a fair bit but also um you know
it was it was tricky because I wasn't
able to do some of the other work that I
normally do some of the other
partnerships I did with Brad
my channel during the the world flight
therefore I was to take three months out
with my my normal daily kind of uploads
and just focus on this one project was
probably the maximum I could do
personally and also as you may have
noticed just in terms of a youtube
series I think it would ended up at 72
episodes which is quite long for a
youtube series and definitely the
interest has reduced the first couple of
weeks lots of people watching the last
couple of weeks
not many people watching probably a
quarter of the people that started so I
think ideally a good time for a project
or series in YouTube from what I've
gathered is like two weeks someone said
why did why did JP always take the
landing gear up so quickly I don't know
a lot about aviation and aircraft buy
I'm guessing once the landing gears in
it's more aerodynamic and you can climb
quicker I don't know I don't know what
the risks or pros or cons of doing or
retracting the landing gear earlier
well well they're flying in someone's
someone's donated a five Canadian
dollars stupid Flanders oh here we go
for those of you those of us have back
the tier with the video message
in-flight were those films and are they
going to be released yes so we've got a
bunch of them we've got a bunch of
things we're still going to release to
you guys they're gonna be rolling out
obviously the film's not going to be
coming till next year we want to build
up the hype again as the films being
released so hold tight if you're waiting
for your rewards we really want to
stagger them out and kind of keep the
momentum and hype things up again when
the films out so if you don't mind
waiting now be awesome any idea when
JP's gonna upload more flying based
videos he's told me he's gonna be he's
working on it it's honestly guys these
videos are intense brutal edits the
amount of stuff dicapta with a GoPro so
I'm sure when he's got some time and
recovered he he'll be uploading some
what's it like traveling across there
all of that Oh someone's put $10 in Thai
Yanni I hope I pronounced that right
thanks keep up the great work thank you
someone said I've lost that question now
oh my gosh
will you be coming to Scotland soon I
haven't got any plans to come to
Scotland oh here we go what's it like
travel across the world in such a short
time as opposed to travelling across the
world more spread-out time do you think
it's better or worse going on quicker
and why would persons daily is worse
getting going quicker because you don't
get to form those friendships I mean
some people take a year's travelling
world and I think it all depends what I
mean we had one goal well kind of
multiple goals but the main goal was to
circumnavigate the world the second goal
was to capture content and interview
people along the way we achieved both
those goals yeah a bit more time and
it'd be nicer a bit more rest maybe
we're gonna meet more people but to be
honest in terms of the amount we've
captured content wise we've captured
more than enough I think it would had a
bit more time and relaxation JP probably
could have got a bit more involved when
we're stopping in locations because he
was like flight planning a lot of stuff
that my vlogs didn't show was the amount
of time he put into preparation flight
planning resting up from the flights
obviously I got to sleep in the some of
the flights he did and so I think more
time for JP would have been really good
just to kind of immerse himself in the
cultures Oh someone said my enthusiasms
infectious I am glad that I'm coming
across enthusiastic because I'm very
tired and I've got multiple vlogs to
edit before I can sleep again but I
thought it would be nice to jump on a
life a live chat with you guys and yeah
connect a little bit because the videos
have uploading currently are from a
month ago I was a completely different
person a month ago but this is me
right here right now if you don't know
about me I'm back in the UK and my
parents house we're about to have
Christmas together in a week and yeah
it's nice to be back with a family
oh we're 18 minutes shall I go to half
an hour should we do half an hour
strange I think that that makes sense I
don't to drag it on too much oh we've
got a few more donations coming in Blake
do you feel like you got enough variety
of interviews I think so the only thing
the interviews I feel like we could have
done but I think it would have been
though different type of documentaries
interviews where we would have needed a
translator so that does kind of put a
certain barrier of Education with the
people we interviewed to be able to
speak English okay there were some we
did in Greece and I think they were they
were either
what were they I think yeah I think
there were some people speaking in some
other languages I've totally forgot
enough to top my head no but anyway um I
feel like it's difficult you detach a
little bit from the personal connection
with somebody when when you're reading
subtitles so I feel like it was enough
of a variety we got the only the only
thing I'd like to get potentially is
someone with very opposing views to me
because most people are connected to I
felt some kind of connection on the way
that we view the world but I wonder
whether going out delivery to try and
find an antagonist speak and then
tagging us for the documentary who has a
very opposing view might be interesting
less one-sided potentially we need to
think about that when we look at the
creative around the post production
again this is all very new to me do you
have any plans to do this again
different destinations I don't think
I'll be doing a world flight in the same
way again but obviously there's various
trips I've done where I visit different
destinations if you remember last year
beginning a lot last year me and Dave
Erasmus did the Solway trip and that
again was a kind of flight around the
world but we did it with Kim on
commercial flights so yeah I'm sure do
something like that again I was hoping
we'd stop in Bosnia Croatia or Serbia
yeah I mean Europe was interesting we
didn't know exactly where we were going
to be stopping we flew over Serbia
so it looked very beautiful fly to
Islamabad yeah I'm not flying at the
moment and we haven't got the plane
anymore it's getting sold but I yeah I'm
gonna be flying around and traveling
it's normal maybe a little bit less next
year I'm gonna be putting together this
documentary for you guys which country
did you find the most beautiful and
where were the happiest people now this
was that one of the biggest surprises of
the trip was visiting Pakistan which
wasn't actually originally on the on the
itinerary and shoutout to Sebastian
thanks me yeah Pakistan honestly and I
said this to everyone I've spoken to
about it was so powerful I don't know if
you guys saw the vlog but it was ah the
people there were so warm welcoming very
very opposed very diff different and
contrasted to what we see in the media
about Pakistan so shout-out to Jamie
thanks thanks for enjoying the series
I'm glad I could inspire you guys it was
very hard work but it paid off and I
celebrated today getting that video up
if you haven't seen it guys straight off
this live stream head over to the the
latest in the world flight series the
last someone disaster what did I like in
India India I love the food I love the
people I love the hustle the bustle
there the chaos and it's it's beautiful
chaos in my opinion some people um
struggle a bit what what there's a fly
in here
oh sorry guys came out of nowhere
was the thing a where am i right now
yeah um on my parents house tips for a
first adventure
okay guys tips your first adventure get
a vehicle it can be an old cheap vehicle
get a couple of friends and go on a road
trip somewhere it's easy you don't need
to book flights anything spend a lot of
money you can split fuel money
you can camp you can stay in the youth
hostels you can be very it's very cheap
way and and if you can get over to
Europe that is an amazing place to
roadtrip around so you can just do so
many countries begging begging me
begging me oh sorry your your thing to
spit come to Central Asia Kyrgyzstan
Uzbekistan well I would love to do this
dance they are high up on my list Middle
East and then Central Asia up into the
stands would be amazing I want to do a
northern Pakistan as well in the
Himalayas I've heard it's absolutely
breathtakingly beautiful and slow-mo
proof saying thank you awesome you're
doing an overland tricking an
Africanized epic oh my gosh I saw some
of those Overland maybe the big
transporter like Unimogs where they if
I'm right if I'm correct where you take
a bunch of people over on these big road
trips I saw one going once from London
to Sydney via Istanbul many years ago it
was pretty cool I think JP and
potentially me might at some point buy
and renovate and go on some adventures
in a Unimog which is like a big army
truck right I think we're going to
slowly wrap up in the next kind of five
minutes so if there's any other
questions you guys had about the trip in
particular and struggles I know it's
tough that I haven't talked about stuff
that you don't know about from the vlogs
ask away
ask away I'll try and grab these
questions they're flying in try the
Mongol Rally yeah we've done the
rickshaw run this by the same people the
adventurous Mongol Rally could be on the
cards at some point do you ever think
you'll come to Brazil yeah we were
planning to go to Brazil Brazil's one of
my favourite country so I'll definitely
be going back let's see most turbulence
in the flight was actually Oh Matthew
Oscar's speaking again any news and
precise dates in the UK screenings and
so guys yeah the the some of the
kickstart is we're doing a screening
we're gonna do a tour with showing kind
of the the first cut of the documentary
for the people that got a kick-started
tickets there's no dates yet because we
don't know when we're gonna complete it
it's not my main goal next year so I'll
keep you guys posted
and what was I talking about before that
my head is flying all over the place I
forgot I'm sorry I think it was
answering some this question too many
too many the plane is listed I don't
know guys I'm sorry I'll do it I'll do a
vlog or tweet about where the plane was
listed for sale I've forgotten that I
think because I haven't slept for 36
hours my brain is not working properly
oh yeah Alaska's here how'd you like my
hummus bro it was good hummus do you
know I was in Abu Dhabi recently and we
were at this really fancy place and they
had this terrible hummus it was like a
really expensive hotel and we were
really let down by the hummus the rest
of it everything else was beautiful but
I missed your hummus pray oh yeah
turbulence that was it okay the most
turbulence was actually in America we we
had a bit of a I don't know you saw the
vlog I think it's the second day of the
flight but we we flew or just narrowly
missed a storm and that was really scary
and that was actually the
from then it was kind of good at the
beginning because JP was incredibly
vigilant and careful and we didn't even
take off if there's bad weather and we
actually replay and some of our route so
instead of going through Bangladesh in
Thailand we actually went Sri Lanka
Malaysia because that kind of missed
this belt of storms so yeah that someone
said is that scariest flight yeah I
think that that one in the US was
probably the scariest but we've left
some of the details of that for the
documentary and some of the vlogs
do go into a bit detail but with less
some of the gems some of the drama for
the documentary as well and also our
kind of comment treant and feedback from
the whole trip so hopefully we can put
something together incredible how many
times did JP did you in JP rub shoulders
have to distance yourself yeah it was
taxing as you said with any of my
friends I I need little breaks even last
year when I was doing the sole we trip
with Dave I needed a couple of nights
out in a not in the same room as him
just to get some headspace so and I'm
pretty um I'm pretty extrovert
extroverted but I need a bit in my own
time as well what cameras do you use I
use the a7s2 the Sony and the Sony a7r -
I'm interested in getting the 87 or 3
but I'm really interested in the case of
an s3 give any of you into a camera
stuff oh there's some people popping up
here air fear oh it's great to meet you
at the end of the trip I was the guy the
other 210 awesome bro it was great to
have you a summit really nice to meet
you in the Kern Valley and you said one
of your passions just to scuba dive yeah
I'd love to do some more scuba dive I
want to go back to Egypt actually - is
it Doha no maybe one of the there's a
coastal town in Egypt with some amazing
scuba diving someone said I should get
some rest yes like a really shit
oh and good good to inspire people I'm
glad you guys have enjoyed the series
I'll be back on my normal
vlogs and pretty soon what you don't
know yet unless you were following very
carefully on some of my Instagram
stories and stuff is straight after the
summit I went to the Dominican Republic
with some of the guys that I paid for
the they'd got the Kickstarter reward of
coming with us on the flight which
unfortunately wasn't possible because of
multiple reasons and difficulties anyway
I took them on a personalized amazing
trip in the dominican dominican republic
straight off the world flight then I
came back spend a few days in LA went to
Hawaii with Raya to kind of try and rest
up to be honest I was editing the whole
time then I went to Abu Dhabi for three
days down to Cape Town and then back to
the UK so I've had this whole month of
craziness that you guys haven't even
seen yet and I actually haven't been
vlogging much of it because I'm trying
to catch up with myself so I can give
you fresh daily vlogs the day after the
way I like it the way you like it don't
you worry so 2018 I'm gonna be back on
it guys probably only uploading like
five times a week probably be doing a
live stream once a week and I'm gonna be
looking at doing some different content
as weather as well and thinking up some
new adventures I don't know if I'm gonna
be able to top the world flight too many
questions flying got in guys we're gonna
have to do another Q&A at some point
with hit the 30 minute mark and I think
I'm gonna sign out there and yeah catch
you next Sunday yeah thank you so much
it's been it's been a fun livestream
I've really enjoyed it peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
