good morning guys we have just packed up
our tents this is where we slept last
night it into yesterday's vlog in a
random field and means Steve are driving
to get some coffee and breakfast and
then we are all driving in convoy down
to Bournemouth where are we going on the
bike bro it's weird not having mains
power what you mean well all my stuff
there yeah yeah
we just got our coffee with Alan Alan
just turned up got soy Kelly and Steve's
driving kindly driving thank you Steve
of course man
if you want in mind Custer you shouldn't
sky the whole way so we have arrived in
Bournemouth the weather is not ideal for
going out on the boat but as the rest of
the weekend it's gonna be a lot of fun I
think often it's all about who you're
hanging out with you spending time with
yes Alex and you'll Kermit the Frog
outfit is this our bike we'll go down to
the entrance and that for the bass yeah
we will be out absolutely horrendous so
horrible conditions
oh yeah so we've split into three teams
it's three boats these guys over here
there's another boat somewhere and this
is our team I think this is the winning
team wait how do we even win I haven't
decided whether I'm gonna fish it I
don't know whether it's against my
ethics as a vegan I'll just film you
guys fishing are they sorry guys if
you're offended by this
we have stops this is the location we're
going to try these four fishing is it's
quite choppy
we're gonna catch frosty were you gonna
catch the road fish I reckon I won't
what you rock watch me
a
well thankfully the weather is improved
quite a lot filling tiny bit queasy from
this movement but not fully seasick
we've got a few more hours on the boat
apparently he's quite anymore 15 i'm
just got one - my name anymore rocks
i had a bite in there you go took half
my bed you think we'd be in the other
guys of course some big guys
he's a non keeping count of hanuman and
the good news is we're letting the fish
back so none of the fish are dying
we've watched be cool this guy I like
how turquoise he is he's like green
other than I I'm gonna shut I'm choking
back there see that Bray dick guys this
is our 14th fish
right we had finished our fishing trip
it's nice and sunny is that finesse it's
nothing and we're heading back we're
almost we're just arriving in the
harbour I don't know whether I don't
know where the other boys you got the
know how many fish we got in the end
getting off the boat oh thank you
oh yes boys it's a little bit chilly
guys is a little bit chilly
why you're so not take these and all I
need
he's an all
we've just arrived at a place we're
staying tonight it's called a Lodge
we're gonna check into our rooms I think
it's like a hostel maybe jumping in a
cab ready for a night out this is the
next stop for tonight
whiskey bar
you enjoying the second night of your
stag do yeah well I've split off from
the rest of the guys or crazy evening
I don't usually enjoy going out to pubs
obviously because I don't drink but I
think on occasions like this where you
get a chance to spend time with people
you haven't seen in ages and people that
have meant a lot to you in your life
over the years I can make an exception
to put up with a bit more rowdiness and
some of the stuff you're not seeing on
camera is some of the good conversations
I'm having with some of the guys whilst
they're still still sober enough to have
some good shots but yeah it's been it's
been a very fun day I think we've got
one more day which I'm imagining people
will feel a little bit worse for
tomorrow morning but yeah we got one
more day down here and then we're
heading up after lunch back to sorry
some of you Oh some of you may remember
Alex who's the stag or the bachelor
bachelor party stag boy that's what the
Americans call it anyways some of you
may remember him as dr. bull from food
for Louie all those years back he was
the yeah he always made the appearances
in my early videos right at the
beginning of my whole YouTube journey so
that's how far back wait actually I'll
French it goes way further back than
that but that's how far back some of you
guys may remember it from right I'm
gonna get to bed it's about 2:00 a.m. I
don't know where the other guys have got
to but I'll catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure but
