get off the name guys I have said
goodbye to Ryan she's flying off to Bali
today and I just met up with Mike hey
guys and we are very excited today
because we've just arrived at the Sony
HQ and we're picking up a TV and a sound
system to install on the bus that
they've kindly donating to the live
eviction bus yeah this is pretty awesome
right we're just hearing this speaker
we're just testing it out
oh and these lights
thank you
yes so you're good so not only today did
I put my back of the bat was a
successful music yeah not only did I am
we get the sound stuff for the bus by
also switched out my my a7s2 for a brand
new one looks brand-new
just because my one was literally like
it wasn't thinking photos probably and
they replaced the lens for me as well so
Thank You Sony I'm looking forward to
this party right yes yeah very nice
people
yeah really really cool oh and me and
Dave I think next week and the next week
are going to a photo conference in
Cologne in Germany we're going to be
hanging out with Sony going is called
Photokina so if any of you guys are
going anyone watching from Germany or
traveling out there come say hi Sony
Photo Booth
silly man so we were gonna go to the bus
but Mike's running late we've got this
stag dude this evening for my friend
Alex Alex boobs getting married and
Mike's one of the guys organising it so
yeah we're gonna go see the bus Monday
instead which is cool because the hot
tub pump is getting installed tomorrow
so I'm hopeful we might even I'm hoping
we might even get to test it out on
Monday guys you like my outfit for
tonight I haven't told you but the theme
is tweed and we're gonna be cycling
around for the night to do a pub crawl
or something and then we're camping in
Dorking which is nearby should be a lot
of fun I'll have to be quite selective
about what my film is probably gonna get
a bit crazy
okay all right here is the campsite got
some tents up please Steve show us how
you make these pens Bob
Steve has bought these from Argos today
guest Argos
I reckon yeah that maybe just maybe here
maybe hit frisbee
ready this is 100% right it's a good
tool you got to them Steve alright got
my D they laid out inside is it comfy in
there Steve alright yeah
it's hilarious how much faster I am than
these guys in the box
okay cuz I didn't have a bike penalized
we're at an injury we've had an injury
Mike it's only on 2 why is that all
white it's all right look how messy my
booster board is guys they've been
driving it through puddles now look at
this rowdy bunch yeah Bianca throw whose
bike is that your bike I got off from
the tip today for 5 pounds Bianca's
abuse
saving minor Bianca's life forgive it
David right take it to him Larry take it
I've ended up swapping with Mike so I'm
on a bike now and he's on the boosted
board this is a lovely bike it's got a
basket and it's got like a saddle on a
spring so it's very comfortable my bomb
I don't know where I'm going
you enjoy going on
so guys this is a yard of a oh how many
points
probably probably
so I've been given the duty to return
somebody's car because they've been
drinking so don't drink and drive guys
I'll Drive the car back to the campsite
and these boys hopefully are going to
get back there Steve
just cycle back bro not anymore hey Mike
look it right bro you should have gone
to the boost in this bike the most
incredible thing just happened I just
assure myself a Jordi's car in a in less
than five minutes from an app on my
phone
that one of Alan's mates developed
called cover it is it's all going
downloaded right now let's see you EB a
BBA literally just put my driving
licence in Jordi's name yeah
the fire is raging now Norton fire this
is a lot of fun guys this is a pretty
awesome stag thing people didn't get too
wasted and yeah we just saw hanging out
now it's not even that late it's quite
warm I was a little bit worried about
sleeping in the tent I thought it'd be
freezing but I think we're good and Andy
sleep upstairs that is awesome
this this fan is pretty awesome it
hasn't got the character of like an old
camper van but way but but way more
practical look at these seats second
turn around
two-thirty we've got to get up at 9:00
for day two of the stag day I didn't
really explain it that well earlier but
Alex the stag he's getting married in a
month we're all good friends if any of
you have been watching my channel from
the beginning you'd have seen our trip
across the u.s. in a school bus that was
amazing we were reminiscing just now
about it and but a lot of these guys
here today were on that trip so it's
good to see everyone again I don't often
get to see everyone but it's been fun a
lot of banter it was getting a bit rowdy
at the pubs on the cycle ride but I
loved the vibe here tonight it's tooling
around the fire catching up having a
chance they like doing a little walks
yeah I'm looking forward to it's gonna
be very fun tomorrow we're going out to
Bournemouth I think we're going out on a
boat and some of the guys are going to
be doing some fishing it's a sea fishing
yeah it's gonna be good and yeah it's
just a bit different than it catch you
guys in the morning
hopefully I'll sleep well in this tent
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
