good morning guys today I'm sadly is
Olaf stay in Bulgaria we left rose from
Paris this morning and just say goodbye
to their dad as well this road is bumpy
and we are I think before we drive to
Romania to catch our flight we're just
gonna have an oval around ruse a which
is where Riya grew up are we gonna go
visit your school just drive past it
yeah unfortunately we can't walk because
we're late and like most the center is a
walkable area so drive past my school
only I wish I could have shown you guys
beautiful cities but I guess what
guys see the trees are already going
orange it's only like 1st of September
no way its beginning in September and
it's already autumn what literally few
days Davis like hungry
as I was here for first and second grade
and then I moved to America
this is rise kindergarten we call that
it without high school
oh that's right what does can we go to
me and then what theory does it oh the
Bulgarian doesn't try just says turn
left on Jim and then just never says any
street names it's so funny oh it's no
serious Google the Google it's just like
doesn't even try going left
we're in Romania literally they would
start telling us there's gonna be this
massive line at the border to get
through tickers about 30 seconds
so now we're missed that time this
morning reset but we now going to is
this the right way yeah yeah we're going
to explore the crystal away before -
I've been to Romania like five times
maybe maybe my first time guys we've
found this really cute little cafe is a
rule vegan place which is interesting
like I prefer cooked foods but where
we're giving it a go Rhys quite excited
we've got these little banana and date
smoothies Cheers
and what else we got we got some
guacamole and these weird little cracker
things don't even know what these are
thank you this is pizza and this is the
hamburger made of seeds guys we got a
little takeout cake but we need to leave
now because our flight takes off in two
hours
guys have dropped the rental-car off
just got dropped back to the terminal
riot already check sent and yeah line to
London in like less than an hour so hope
I can get through security in time
alright guys see this woman sitting
upstairs she was in front of us in the
security line
rious what is that genetically yogurts
in their back which is like probably
can't pay those true so she put those in
like the little bin where people put
their watery stuff and then just before
she put her luggage through the scammers
guy pulls out this massive you know
about her bag like a shot like easy
kitchen back
like
but yeah I think she did on the paper
because ya know I did it was a shock you
know
okay
you know I do
that's why America
oh my gosh I've never seen passport line
this long
look it's full no this isn't gonna take
forever
alright this can be a good test to see
how long it takes
with a full passbook here at terminal 5
Heathrow it's the LRC
and she waited for like an hour you know
I don't think it's gonna be lucky at
this machine that's true let's be fair
that was only 15 minutes that wasn't
that bad
we're in London it's warm outside
mostly yeah when we land in London I'm
like guys I'm not ready for this
I'm totally ready beginning in September
it's pretty much the tail end of summer
still well guys we have figured out a
plan for the next couple of days we are
back in Ben's apartment he isn't getting
back for another couple of days from his
Arctic adventures so it's kind of
perfect timing and we got back here
we've got some takeout food again
Indian food I've been missing that in
Bulgaria and yeah we are totally
exhausted it's funny even going like
somewhere with a two-hour timezone
difference and yeah can really wipe you
out so we didn't really do much this
evening we've just been chilling and and
trying to make a plan for tomorrow
because on Friday I'm heading off the
weekend on my friend Alex's stag Duty or
bachelor party thing Americans and Riya
is heading off to Bali so tomorrow's our
last day together of lost full day
together
and yeah it's been a really nice time in
Bulgaria but I'm looking forward to
getting back into my bus project a lot
of you know mike has been working on the
bus was have been away and hopefully
we're gonna get to pop in tomorrow and
go and see it and yeah I'm excited
excited see in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
