good afternoon guys it's a very very
late start to today's vlog but I had
some family matters to take care of
which I can reblock but I am now and I'm
with my dad and we are heading to see
the latest work that Mike's I don't know
I think it's more detailed stuff I know
the hot tubs not quite finished but yeah
it's taking taking shape yes Mike so I'm
a bit late yeah good Mike show us the
new things all the stairs are looking
lovely vice underneath that was quite
fiddly job yeah that is cool give Stan's
a lemonhead glass of the sound of that
they'll Warthog even that good few coats
got a little combination up
nice doing sound oh yeah yeah yeah
sadly she was in here on Saturday
all right I love the little Wow is this
a pump out of it so this pump the water
from the main tanks up to the hot tub oh
boy the first editor there's a serious
pump isn't it it's great boy mo so that
will pressure going to your boiler yeah
house gravity will take the water power
to tanks to that pump then that pump
sort of replicates the mains pressure to
the boiler and the boy who's got an
awesome pump as well and should at least
20 litres a minute I think is yeah here
we go yeah so if you watch the other day
guys we pick this up from the Sony
headquarters in Weybridge but mike has
waited before we open it up so this is
the grand opening that's a rather nice
yeah
where it's gonna be most of the time
look how good a fitness you just want
that time say yeah
so most the time it'll be there and then
when we want to use it outside we can
have a so that's oh yeah really now it
is just off it's really thin custom
brackets I don't know what's on yeah a
would say welcoming Legionnaires because
that's like the first thing you see it's
well you could put pivot on the
left-hand side with a post hitting the
board and just showing it right if it's
thinking of doing that but eventually
they can actually wall off this whole
thing so it's insulated like an actual
like cabin so it's there's gonna be a
door here if that's this bit here will
be the same shape but it'll be above
where that joined us in the timber right
so imagine this the same kind of shape
people tomb small walls either side
that's incredible hot tub cinema yeah
I'm so I'm so pleased about okay doing
the audio test
that's dead space up there yeah there's
no I can stand there that's true that's
true I was taking one there yeah and
that's a head level as well so it's like
making the most of the sound it's
directed straight your face yeah this
will be mrs. plans
squared off once we accept if it was
here now yeah something like that
we'll bring this out see where the
bottom of that triangle yeah it would
extend out to there what I'm thinking is
obviously showing the ceiling will
actually come out to hit yeah we need a
higher rating at that back of the house
up we would be saying when we have 100%
under sadly for these for about five
bars I see later boys alright the plan
now is I am gonna go see Steve and been
I think Alexia dogs some dinner Felicia
mostly quite nice because I think Ben is
heading back to Cape Town soon
so hang out before he heads back oh yeah
okay now I think you get cold even
though this word let's get really cold
man
it's like me it was literally like me
super cold but anyway so go and chill by
the fire and bang gap move blue shoes
they go
there's no the fire is of guys with left
Stephen Alexia I'm just chillin with
burn or just been having a nice little
catch
he has just got back from the Arctic
I've been telling you guys a little bit
about it but then how was it boy it was
number one hands-down the best
also I was quite scared because it was
18 days off of the internet but it was
actually so mentally refreshing for me
and it gave me time to really make the
vlogs as as good as I could make them
and then upload them gonna come back and
now I'm taking time off as well to sort
of my life oh yeah yeah that's really
fun
guys if you haven't already you have to
go and watch them we just watched a
couple one TVs as Steve's TV oh my gosh
I don't like cold but it's tempting me
you'd love it
I think I might if I just wrap up warm
right yeah you like helicopters in their
beds yeah I'm going cuddle polar bears
but it's Bo this is four days behind
okay good when's that going up it will
be out by this yeah okay tell it tell
them tell them what happened we stopped
out of there and you can go watch this
vlog guys watch this I'm so glad to be
back with you fluffy also realized
Internet addiction is a real thing but
I'm horridly they'd be too as soon as I
was back it's like but I mean yeah guys
go over check benzylic vlogs out and
it's inspiring me to be more adventurous
because a lot of my like adventures
aren't really as adventurous as they
could be so either that's more
expeditions and we've been chatting
tonight we want to travel a lot more
next year
and yeah just I guess figure out ways
that we can collaborate and do stuff and
do stuff meaning in a meaningful way as
well that is helping people and the
drive isn't just success and yeah being
the best we can and being the top of the
mountain but actually what we're
investing in and how are we impacting
people and say yeah it's gonna be a lot
more or less I had to jump on the
booster before leave this I'll race you
down there yeah
booth well I'm about to head to bed now
it's been a good day it's cool to see
some of the small progress that's
happening on the bus it's in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
