good afternoon guys we've arrived in
this lovely little village again that
Ryan's grandparents live in was it cool
can you call over this is the summer
house we came here briefly yesterday to
get ready for the wedding but we are
back here for the day and we're going to
get some lunch and then I'm going to
show you around the house properly and
the orchard and gardens and all the
beautiful flowers and fruits and stuff
like that but this is where Raya spent a
lot of my childhood isn't it yeah every
summer my grandpa my grandparents don't
work in the summer so they own their own
stores there's closed down for the
summer I come here and just chill and so
we spend summers with them here and it
is beautiful so relaxing what we have
lunch where we have more eggplant and
zucchini stuff peas okay I didn't tell
you about these these are so big for
what we had in my other grandma's house
but these are rolled in wine
no no wine grape leaves and yeah so it's
rice and vegetables inside and then
salad and this is like an eggplant thing
with walnut and garlic and I don't know
what it's called these are the best
thing ever
anything we have a little after lunch
nap and before we go for a stroll around
the village Rai is going to show us her
grandparents house which they built
themselves and when did they build it
they bought the land 30 years ago
nothing I disapprove the one tree they
saw outside and they built this around
it so it was ready big like 20 years ago
fish huh sweet so hey this is like the
winter kitchen the thing is this house
doesn't really get used in the winter so
a lot of these winter things
no wonder he's it like this whole space
there's a bar Lily never seemed not used
but when they built this like my whole
family still lived in Bulgaria and
Stefan I think they were hoping that we
would all spend a lot of time here but
he left so yeah this is the living room
dining room one of the coolest parts
I think downstairs having a beam down
there it's like a random room but then
can I just say this house is not built
for tall people
I've already hit my head but I was here
yesterday quite badly so I can make sure
I don't hit again ah this all the thing
I saw this in your blog that you did in
your hair so they've made this all
summer everything they've picked this is
the compost that you're drinking yeah
and like they cook things tomato this is
all picked from their garden throughout
the summer and cooked and marinated and
whatever put two jars and then this is
what they're going to be eating oh and
your basic the whole lives yeah and
there's jams the lifetime supply so it
took 10 years to build yeah and I think
what my parents are
those are how much now my six lips Missy
this is like my family I like to tell
you good skin shade upstairs Oh cover
kids rooms I mean that all arms in foot
bed but their arms are moving around
buzzer would be snores too much so my
girl my girl can't sleep bathroom yeah
Sarah's is like random little rooms for
the kids and stuff and then this is my
second beautiful oh wow
if you live over the whole village yeah
this is this is quite a big village no
yeah this is we're so close to the city
but there's actually other people that
live here and work in the city and stuff
yeah this is basically where we spend
all of our time this is where we eat we
always here in the summer and it's so
nice to eat outside especially at night
you'll hear when all the crickets come
up my grandma is obsessed with flowers
they're all kind of dead now that we go
this September but yeah and like in
their prime this place is just so full
of color it's actually funny because in
the city we set the city last night and
she asked me to water her plants which
were most people's like to plants but
she literally had a hundred pasta plans
yeah she was like can you reach this
plant up hey man she's like oh my gosh
there's another plant over there
vegetarian oh my gosh look at
twenty-minute things I've been saving
this to show you guys I haven't been up
here at the vineyard next door
we'll see watering the grapes these
Chili Peppers they have one plant of
spicy peppers I know what it is well
this looks spicy
we call these over jeans I think that's
a French thing big pumpkins or they
squash okay is it like a full-time job
like watering
planting picking yeah that's what in the
bureau somewhere just do this
it's a fun hobby and practical because
you can grow your own food and it's not
just a cheap way to go food it's like a
healthy and Bela tasty way to food how
much yeah
trust me guys I've only I grew up in
supermarket food this is like changing
my whole perception of homegrown forest
this is what I wanted my life guys I
want my own forest I can buy this I have
three houses in here's herbs different
thing more peppers but this is where the
tea that you're drinking earlier a lot
of their Americans call these herbs we
call them herbs
this was rise childhood bike check out
we take it out I feel like we won't fit
on it you want for them at all there's
nothing I'm gonna ride a bike on yeah
guys this is one of my favorite things
about Bulgaria they have the coolest old
cars and we betake new lover color of
this one this is so rad what make is it
I don't even know my grandpa had a car
like this and when I was little AC so
embarrassed of it when you drove me to
school I'd be like who dropped me off
around the corner and now okay guys when
we're exploring these villages the
buildings that stand out most to me of
the older ones especially the ones which
are kind of like the brick works exposed
and like bits are falling apart because
for me that is beautiful like that is
vintage
and it looks really cool Raya was
concerned that I was only showing like
the broken side of Bulgaria and that
actually there's plenty of like modern
like buildings which aren't falling
apart so just - I just heard that every
time you turn out the camera is that the
one broken house is like hats in like
ten minutes
I'm like no everyone thinks Bulgaria is
just poor and it's not true and not
every house is falling down so oh but
that anyway that's a yeah there you go
but for me it's pretty like the roof
that Oh like the tiles are all kind of
like crooked and like for me that's
pretty I don't know what you guys think
do you like kind of seeing their vintage
older stuff or do you want to see like
the newer buildings and like the modern
stuff newer like in the city when we go
either tomorrow the next day there's a
lot of old beautiful buildings I just
restored and there
they look amazing he doesn't film that
stuff he's like oh there's the only one
that I've missed yeah but I don't want
to see the restored stuff oh my gosh
that's amazing we should both buy like
tiny motorbikes like that and drive back
to England guys there's a there's a fire
somewhere it's not so good
there's something about open fires like
log the smell of wood burning it's just
like can't really I think it's because
when I was a kid I used to go out
camping with my cousin we used to have
campfires and there's just a real
special time we'd stay up all night just
like cooking sausages and stuff I'm not
gonna kick sausages now but um but yeah
I think that's that's the memory what
what does fire make you feel like this
may live with burning there any of our
fireplace and now the Falls coming I
love you girls I think we'll get all the
girls that are like I love fall through
my candles and sweaters same and also
burning the fireplace and sitting in
front of it in like when it's kind of
chilly out going inside sitting in front
of the fireplace I'm just warming up so
favorite thing I also love fire I used
to sit in front of it and just play with
it like poke sticks it is so beautiful
it's so yeah it's so like a muscle word
like therapeutic because it's
mesmerizing and you can just like I
don't know I love fire I don't think I
have enough fire in my life
wait that sounds really bad that's that
makes our relationship sound terrible oh
that kind of thought Albert yeah not
real but also people need fire here
because I just found out today it gets
like minus 20 in the winter that's why
people don't really live there or some
people live here but like our
grandparents moved back to to the town
see sissy
what's this it's called like the town
safe
I guess headed it's just like never soft
flowing and it's from extremes of the
forest I guess it's just like perfectly
clean water and we always just like and
we'd ride our bikes around all day Jeff
we always stop here and get water so
cold as well and you can drink it
thanks pretty good is this cat praying
there oh my gosh it's in such a deep
sleep
Oh usually our lizard find the ball yeah
see ya guys this snake is eating a
lizard oh yeah de Guiche their Gator
know that that guy looks mean I've never
seen anything like that that's crazy
um right now I've been told to wait here
because there's a surprise I don't know
I have literally no idea what it is but
they talked to wait so children okay it
involves music
yeah amazing on this SoCo that's
traditional Bulgarian dress no that's
awesome I love how they play the music
as well whose is it
I think it's one of my relatives a great
great someone whoa made everything that
is awesome oh yeah and I like the little
type of flower that is so cool
and it's been it's like in your frets
been in your family that's so excited I
think you should just dress like that
all the time now I love that they're
following us through this like Bulgarian
techno music okay well guys we had an
awesome dinner Brian's dad has arrived
um this is his family his side of the
family it was pretty amazing just having
him around as well because I can
understand a bit more he's translating
more in English but anyway it was good
again incredible Bulgarian food if you
haven't eaten Bulgarian food and that
also because I'm not eating like some of
the traditional meat and cheese dishes
apparently I'm missing out even more so
anyway apparently it's all great and the
stuff I've tasted is like I think
Bulgarian fees in my top five countries
now like Italian and Indian vulgarians
up there
definitely
anyway tomorrow we are going to be doing
some more exploring around this area
apparently there's like a cave and a
church built into a cliff side I don't
know if any of you seen riots and
regional vlogs on Bulgaria but she
filmed some of this stuff and I can't
wait to go and explore and yeah it's
time for bed I'll catch you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
