good morning guys
we are leaving I keep forgetting where
we are we're on mr. burr and we are
heading to rue State which is kind of in
the north of Bulgaria to rise parents
friends daughter's wedding so I've got
my suit right I just cooked a lovely
breakfast for us we got homemade avocado
on toast start the day off well and now
we've got like I think now we've got
like a really poor employee that would
drive but it's gonna be beautiful for
kids or Gary's beautiful guys look at
this rad motorized tricycle that is so
good
before we hear the ride just come down
to the beach to show you guys how thank
you
so guys this is the Black Sea and this
is the first time I've ever been in the
Black Sea I think in both the coastline
is like Romania Bulgaria is it in Turkey
and the vaccine what are the countries
bordering Russia
everyone
I just got my stress but yeah I really
want to bring like a bro anyone else
like to plan an awesome trip out
proper time
well unfortunately we can't stay for
long before we go I just want to show
you where we actually are like I'm
saying about the Black Sea
so check HERE right we are here on the
east coast of Bulgaria Black Sea is
landlocked by turkey Russia of Georgia
Russia Ukraine and Romania Bulgaria any
Bulgarians can you please leave comments
at the best beaches in Bulgaria because
sunny beach is beautiful but really busy
obviously because all the tourists come
here so for next summer I really want to
find somewhere just this beautiful but
slightly more secret and secluded so
leave comments down below
guys check out that stalks nest until
the lamppost is also right where are we
arriving we are in Nicola bow which is
the village that my grandparents have
had a house in for like 15 years it
wasn't like we used to have a different
one but yeah they built the house here
and this is where I spent my summers
growing up so this is I guess the
closest building to hold that I have
because this before you could even speak
English
yeah way before yeah when I lived in
Bulgaria
it's like sighs its special place this
is this is a big deal it's crazy to me
that you're here and what this was this
um grandma called Baba oh my gosh good
oh my got to go oh it's an R I can't
pronounce my arse oh my gosh come on no
you have to haters dad are rely okay
it's delicious food
this is iced tea made from the tea like
the herbs that they've collected yeah
this is all from the garden I'm about to
dive in with them I've got dressed
we both got dressed ready for the
wedding and now running a little bit
late
I've lost ecologies and he said we're
not staying here okay so this is the
village house same as when we went to
visit
Roy's other Grand Marquis had a town
house in the village house this is the
village house where we go and save the
town house tonight I think that's the
plan I am warm you know directions
yes
by your grand prize is a noise
infants are excited but this
the guys we just had a really
fascinating conversation over dinner was
at dinner a lot of change over lunch
about a little bit about communism
firstly where I was saying today we were
driving along we saw an older lady with
like a shawl over her hair like covering
her hair and she said that was like
tradition and what was your grandma
saying well I was soon as I saw it I was
like oh that reminds me of home because
all my great-grandma's had their like
the head scarves all the time I just
thought it was something that older
women did I didn't really know why and I
asked my grandma about it and apparently
Bulgaria was actually under Turkish rule
for five hundred years until yeah until
I think 130 years ago or something so
during that time it was mandatory for
all women to have their hair covered so
it's kind of still left over for the
older generations
and my grandma was saying that heard
great-grandma was washing her hair one
time and her father-in-law like walked
past and saw her and it was like a
really awkward terrible thing because
it's like not okay for men beside your
husband to see your hair which is it's
yeah that way it's commonly in like the
Muslim religion but Bulgarians weren't
necessarily Muslim it's just the Turkish
were enforcing that rule specifically
and obviously I didn't understand any of
that because they're gonna murder
speaking in Bulgarian so right
translated but it was fascinating
I can't wait to like to find out more
from tomorrow also watch their stories
are just saying we should try and do
like some kind of interviews
all right let's get this wedding yeah
guys I take a wrong turn and we're now
going to Romania take all these lorries
waiting to get in
Wow it's a very dry
I am dead
we've arrived at this awesome location
just by the river night we do have River
the dinner river do not well we say
dunno do you say look do not bother
Danube
we saved enough okay and that's remilia
that's romania what I told you I could
see it from my house because my partner
used to live in is on this river and you
could literally feel like swim over
there easy no weird I say Who and I'd
never been before last year and it's
just literally just there Romania
hey let's go meet your people
thank you congratulations the Builder
Hey
I'm Louie I'm on my schedule and
symmetry
hello hello congratulations thank you I
love your dress I feel so out place here
guys because I don't know anyone at all
Brian doesn't know many people you knew
the cried from like your childhood right
like best friend they were in Cuba
actually yeah so yeah and we grew up
like going on summer vacations together
and stuff but it kind of grouching a
living we're definitely we are
definitely rushing with me at me I'm
definitely but we know we were saying
yeah yeah this is really really nice
I love these like flower arrangement
Raya what's going on
isn't in the middle of our first course
everyone's dancing in the car already
though enjoying a dot
something
you
no one's gonna go literally this guy's
pasta
very funny
we are ducking out a little bit early
this is like for me a normal time you'd
leave a wedding but apparently in
Bulgaria they party all night and so
we're thinking this wedding might not
finish till about 4:00 a.m. well they
start the main course at like 10:30 so
it's just everyone's been dancing since
like the moment we got here this is
currently they closed I asked my mom
like what time did weddings McGary
normally end she was like by the time
they get kicked out of the restaurant
but the parents of the bride owned this
hotels there's literally like no end to
this yeah this is probably still be
going on tomorrow we're back Andrew say
I've done some editing
we've now popped out again we're going
for a little Pokemon hum and this is a
really beautiful city by the way I just
want to point out this I went over to
this drinking fountain to get a little
drink of water check this out what what
is going on always supposed to drink out
of this
I mean it works yeah that's a late more
manageable yeah about s correctly we've
just done we're just taken over to
pokemon gym guys you must hate me if you
don't like Pokemon because I'm literally
talking about it every day but that is
what you gonna say no I'm saying if you
do then you'll get a good feel because
it's basically like one yellow crew
that's gone around taking all the gyms
and now we're going around taking all of
their gyms it's really fun I just like I
just like playing Pokemon specially with
Rio this is not a nice bonding time she
doesn't think it's romantic but I
actually think it's romantic yeah it is
kind of going to check out a scariest
MMO you're in the world really watch
this this is this is tiny and it just
fits the two of us in it
that's Europe for you though there's no
door what I'm just touching the wall
yeah what was there happen your hand
could get stuck in the side you have to
really be try to make that happen
yeah Steve would literally hate this
what
well I'm back I've managed to edit two
vlogs tonight which I'm pretty happy
about is however 5:00 a.m. a bear gets
bed tomorrow we're heading back over to
the village which we arrived at today
and I'll give you a better tour of the
house there and the orchards and
everything and yeah I'm just loving
Bulgaria guys and I'm loving meeting
Rhys friends and just learning a lot
about her past and yeah
what fun wedding is well run numbers up
all right catching the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
