by
good morning guys we are at coastal town
in Bulgaria what's the name of this town
dissever in this ever and we've just
popped out in the apartment we're
staying in for a few days to get some
food is we have a kitchen and rise what
excited up food for change also good
news the airport bring her bag is on its
way if you didn't watch yesterday's vlog
they left her bag in Turkey so they're
delivering it around five games
we have found a fresh fruit market look
at the size of these Tomatoes what how
do they look so big this is what I grew
up eating
and the thermos form
look at this big pile of watermelon
we bought all Freight look all the fruit
do you know how much it cost how much
1200 ordered food oh this is so good
oh yeah I'm telling them last night
house key for apartment it is I couldn't
REM exactly how much it was three nights
and you saw home but it looks like a
five-star resort yeah it's two two
bedrooms as well two bedrooms with a
kitchen really like for people getting
like it's made for four people so yeah
guys look at this
daylight oh we have a lounge a kitchen
two bedrooms not even using this bedroom
boom and then look at our balcony out
here as well this is really nice
we're going to go down check out some of
this area later on that is like a lagoon
like a swimming pool area over there and
apparently
that is where we can go to the hot tub
Riya has just cooked lunch guys look how
delicious this looks look at that pasta
thank you
as a picture in front of that when he's
like five
we've just arrived at the old town in
the cipa so right the cipa zipper and
we're going to a little wander around
Perry this like super beautiful in here
Oh guys check out these cakes so many
good cakes can we have all the cakes
yeah Varia makes the best cakes in
marketing American cakes are quite dry
but they're Bulgarian cakes the moisture
will find your being
yeah we don't fit I'm worried that's so
gross
got a nice little quacky as well oh this
is so cute she's so beautiful
that is awesome
okay ma'am
guys this church is over a thousand
years old
10th century so this church building
built in the 14th century there's not
resulting the other one but I think it
looks way cooler it's like such crazy
detail and the brickwork tell me what
just happened I just got a call and my
suitcase is here they have it in the
office yeah
hey Mary can wear real clothes inside
two things play I mean go swimming at
the beach tomorrow
Riya had nothing here we're going to try
and find one of these cute little
restaurants to sit down that get some
dinner watch over the harbor or the
coast
guys there is a stormtrooper buying some
coffee over there
you know what even storm troopers need
coffee that's the truth that's the truth
but coffee doesn't just belong to the
dark side I would argue that it does
know why is there a stormtroopers
chillin in this mode Bulgarian Village
Museum
apparently so I guess they have like
film artifacts we add AG no idea so we
found a cute restaurant sitting out on
the terrace guys I've got a few things
to eat including these mushrooms how are
tasty of those mushrooms I think these
are the tastiest Buffalo ever has no
juicy oh my gosh guys
you got your bag and everything I own
that's you think it's literally
everything all I have in the other bags
like my laptop and camera yeah
reunited reunited with the lost bag
we're back at our apartment it's been a
very nice afternoon and evening this
place is just so beautiful guys if
you're looking for a getaway in Europe
Bulgaria is the place I'm telling you
it's just a place to be it's really
affordable beautiful amazing food cool
people so yeah having a great time so
far we've got few more days here I'm
taking the day off tomorrow but I'm
still like seven days behind my vlogs
I'm trying to figure out a way to catch
up and so anyway so Leo maybe that's the
way maybe I'll just take some days off
before I sign out guys this two videos
I'd love you to watch one is from the
vagabrothers they filmed it during our
trip in the u.s. it's about road
tripping like an advice video pretty
awesome and secondly this videos about
negativity versus positivity which I
felt really related to a lot of stuff
I've been going through in backlash from
the North Korea videos anyway I'd let
you I'll let you watch those and I'll
catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
