good afternoon guys we are in the Varna
Bulgaria flew in late last night from
Germany to lunch now and then we're
getting a rental car and we're heading
somewhere else where we're heading next
unfortunately royal austin bag probably
have to come back here tomorrow to pick
it up but we are on the coast just
before we walked in here I saw the sea
the Black Sea for the first time from a
distance we're gonna walk down there but
yeah I'm excited to be here and it's
beautiful weather and delicious food
look at this chicopee's
hobo jeans everything good and tasty
this is awesome this is so beautiful
I thought this is amazing around there
yeah thank you bringing for Gary
hey buddy
we have picked up our rental car we've
now got a bit of a dilemma
basically rise back that Turkish
Airlines love story got on our last
flight is arriving at the airport and
three a.m. and the same flight that we
came in last night but where we're
staying is an hour of 40 minutes away so
if we were to go there now it end up we
don't know how to drive and wasting
three and a half hours to come to
collect the bag either tonight or
tomorrow which is just big waste of time
when we want to do another stuff so
we're trying to figure out either get to
share like to deliver it tomorrow or
hang around in Varna till this evening
and then drive tonight down so we just
killing some time right now and we're
driving to a place called the stone
forest which is some kind of ruins or
stages or something it's number three
and TripAdvisor anyway
things too different but enough so
getting a check that out and then we'll
find out what the plan is in a bit
we've arrived at Stone Forest what's the
Bulgarian name for PT company I
basically can't get any Bulgarian this
right we just researched a little bit
about what this place is so this is like
natural a natural phenomenon it's not
man-made it's in one of the only deserts
in Europe is like sand everywhere and
these stone columns are formed and
there's a few theories about how they
formed but they're Hollow and they've
got sand inside apparently some of the
theories behind how there's nothing's
really been confirmed and there's like
15 different theories so yeah I guess no
one really know what happened two
million and one of the theories is that
what is that Giants made this place and
I think it's had like quite a lot of
historical significance they were like
whoa what the heck is that said they
they kind of used this
or like they thought this is super
sacred place or supernatural stuff
happens because yeah I mean if you come
across this as like back in the day
first humans they're like whoa crazy
yeah I'm like whoa crazy right now yeah
yeah it's a look like just chillin I
don't jealous right now
I feel like it's so wrong to walk in
sand with shoes yeah but it's just
effort having similar way hello what hey
I can't see it's tea boy no I can see
you now
I do not know what is wrong with me
today I think I've tripped over like 20
times when we walk into the cafe earlier
on the sidewalk literally tripping over
every tiny little crack in the road here
I think I've tripped over five times
here and rocks as done right what's
wrong with me today why my say clumsy we
are stopping in town before we drive
down to where we're staying we are
talking to Turkish Airlines about
getting Rhys bag delivered first thing
tomorrow so hopefully that happens but
whilst we're driving to park we spotted
Pikachu in varna Town Center this is not
a drill Pikachu is on the radar I'm very
excited I've only ever seen Pikachu
twice yeah one was literally
yeah I did tell you alright let's go my
big - oh well it's late - it's literally
what did I get I got 10 they guys we had
the most incredible falafel which made
up for the fact that we did not find PG
it was so good I actually got another
flat for rap to take it away when we
start driving and then we've walked to
the place we had lunch this morning and
we're having we've treated ourselves to
some amazing vegan cheesecake is this
banoffee pie is it it's like this one's
like banoffee pie and this one's like
some kind of chocolate your cheesecake
thing so good let's go we just pulled
over because we found Pikachu
oh my gosh yes Pikachu I own a meadow I
caught three Pikachu see this this is
not fair alright
this looks like the road blocked doesn't
it
I think that's the right yeah how do we
get there
guys I think where it stays up here
somewhere but there's just a big pile of
gravel in the way we found no that's
awesome because the bottom it's not in
the hotel and hopefully kids enjoy the
beach tomorrow morning
