this is what happens when you haven't
seen Louie in two months come and catch
up with and he's still business business
business listen to this can't can't
believe it how I got this long time no
see all right let the police are even
coming after you rough right it's the
social police I'm often off good
afternoon guys as you saw and with Dave
yo hey then we haven't actually seen
each other for a while and we just
needed to catch up on a few things he's
come down into Wharton unfortunately
like i said i'm heading off tomorrow
with riot bulgaria so pretty when see
Dave again for a couple of weeks but
we've got some things planned in we got
a friend alex's stag dude and you're
gonna get to do some traveling hayden
Dave anyway how have your travels been I
feel rejuvenated and fresh may I was
whacked for a month after that so we
threw well I couldn't barely get out of
bed but I actually spoke to all the
solving teams this week and they are
doing so much better than I could have
imagined I thought three or four of them
would do well but all seven of them are
killing it so we'll give you some more
updates about them soon and we're gonna
go yeah there's some cool things in the
works we're going to catch up with a
properly yeah and if you don't know if
you're new to the channel I mean Dave
went around the world in April to find
compassionate problem solvers and just
to hear really what what's going on in
the world and how we can how we can
support people gonna go on there boosted
yeah I'll give it a go this could be the
end of me holy mother of all these
elected
yes om so Dave may have been doing a lot
of stuff and I've just been chatting
about more stuff that we're going to be
doing this year in 2017 and all the live
the adventure stuff Dave's been
basically running all they live the
adventure stuff with uh with the gale
good Rachel and we've just been chatting
about the future of that and organizing
for you guys a summit that we're going
to try and run by the end of the year
where we can invite anyone to come away
for the weekend and run workshops and
have cool stuff happening what you're
and we're going to be doing there we're
going to be hanging out going on many
adventures making content together
basically a way to encourage each other
who's trying to make content to make new
connections and also like make plans for
2017 you don't get good adventures
without sort of sorting your act out in
advance so well this is a chance to do
that so if you've got any good ideas but
live the adventure the whole club or for
the summit then then turn them into
ideas that live the adventure club and
we'll try and stick them in yeah awesome
silly
so guys I have got a few things to sort
out today before we head off tomorrow
one of them is I'm just needing to make
sure all my equipment is in order this
is my favorite lens they never told you
this before so 24 2 240 so i can do
flogging like you know like this kind of
stuff and I can also do like telescopic
stuff so you can right mate you know all
those distance far away shots but the
other day I dropped it and if you can
see this rim here where the lens is
exposed it should not be like that there
should be like a donor you can see in
the mirror this is my other lens and
this should be this like this whole like
rim it's metal rim so um so anyway as
you saw the other day I've made some
friends at Sony and they've been helping
me out now and give me some new lenses
to try out and got me a replacement
camera because I broke one and they are
going to try and fix this lens for me
and in the meantime they give me a
replacement one which is pretty awesome
it means when I go to Bulgaria I can get
all the cool shots for you guys and I'm
not risking getting scratching my lens
so that's what I'm gonna head over now
and yeah I've got a few other bits to
sort out as well but I want to honor
capture Bulgaria and the most beautiful
way possible so it's good i'm getting
this will sword
guys check it out I just took over the
gym and persona headquarters so guys
here you can have a better look at what
this lens is supposed to look like so
this is my one not I've broken and this
is the replacement so you can see this
whole like like little edging to it this
whole frame supposed to be there so I'm
going to take this with me and get this
one repaired thank you same
guys I am back at the flat me and Reija
have just had a pretty chilled late
afternoon early evening watched the last
episode of stranger things with
basically watch the whole season in like
four days pretty epic TV show I'll wait
for the next season I'm not feeling a
hundred percent plus we've got a very
early morning out to get up at
five-thirty so I've opted instead of
going out to hang out with sand which
was planning to tonight we're going to
go on a late-night Instagram mission
I've opted to stay in cut the vlog bit
short just to get rest and energy for
getting to Bulgaria because if I stay
out late I'm going to be pretty useless
tomorrow and I want to be full of energy
and stuff but and we will catch you guys
tomorrow for our early morning flight
and I can't wait to take you on this
amazing journey through Bulgaria as I'm
discovering the beauty of the place like
I said the other day I've only been once
before but I can't wait to go out and
meet some of Roy's family and yeah it's
going to be epic catching the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
