afternoon guys we have left our hotel
and we've come down to do some work
we've got a bit laptop clubs get on with
so we've come down to this lovely little
coffee shop in Leatherhead put all
saints' if you haven't been here guys
should check it out little hidden gem
laptop Club done it's a nice feeling
getting stuff done so productive
I haven't had the most productive few
days so good to get back on it I've just
grabbed my boosted board I'm heading
down to a doctor's appointment because
if you guys remember when I was in
Beijing I had a little accident on the
Great Wall of China and I I fell off the
toboggan and I hit my elbow quite hard
and I think I may have a small fracture
in it because every few days since then
I've I've had this excruciating pain
whenever I leaned on it in a certain
angle so I'm going to go get it checked
out and and also Riya noticed a few
moles on my back which
whirring and I've been out in the Sun a
little bit so it's better to be safe
than sorry
gimme Hey oh yeah see see Thanks
right so I just got back from a little
abroad right and I'd hit my elbow quite
hard well guys I've had some interesting
news apparently my elbow is fine
it might have a little chip in there but
there's not much they can do but my I
had to the doctor look at some of my
molds to see if there was any danger of
any of them
you know skin cancer and stuff and he
said they'll be worried about this one
of my chest that looks a bit irregular
and dark and he's sent me for an urgent
referral to a skin specialist hopefully
I can get fit that in around when I'm
traveling is obviously that's important
uhh
yeah I mean I'm not not overly worried
I'm sure the doctors err on the side of
a caution but yeah interesting
I'm not had to do that before let us
know their things alright so I've jumped
in the car with my dad's now and we're
heading back down to my bus
which I haven't seen for a few days
might let me know any more for those of
you that haven't been following my vlogs
I've got a double-decker bus which has
been getting some renovation work done
to it whilst I was in North Korea and
then I saw it when we arrived back and
it's looking very very cool but Mike
friend Mike's doing some more work on it
so I think it's looking even better okay
here we go
always stand around facing the other way
yes mate how you doing woo all right
let's gonna have a look at the latest
changes in the bus okay so those of you
that didn't see the other day this is
downstairs at the moment these are these
in there might be stairs okay
what the will the updates since the
other day okay so the hot tub is
temporarily in the middle nice although
all the battens in good as a matte black
and the bat boredom and cables really
scale in with you lights and sit and
you've got some heavy-duty for the
body's waterproofing plugs mismatch
around them
yeah like this is where the hot tub
going yep side six about twenty
centimeters away only around and that
was nervous come over so basically what
we've done is these channels and here
take the front off spray these black and
we got that going all the way around the
pot that's for like a burly yeah under
this routed in there and then this one
because of space looks so good with the
wooden cladding around there yeah whilst
I was away Mike's been kicking out the
bus getting some things materials in
getting workers in to do different parts
like the metalwork and the plumbing and
stuff we've had a bit of a holdup on one
of the parts of the build which is the
boiler and the plumbing and what we
suspect at this stage is the guy that
we've paid to get the equipment he's uh
isn't going to deliver potentially
conning us out of the money we don't
know at this stage but we're going to go
over and try and confront him in a min a
minute ago because announcing you don't
know how this is going to go down I
don't want to be threatening into it or
anything we just need to either get the
money back or the stuff that you bought
in the materials and if not we might
have to take him to court
which would be a shame but that's what's
happened
so we'll see see how things pan out this
evening
we're going on it really sore
windowsills finally they're not so big
that we do space yeah sitting there you
should Sammy's been getting his cut
beautiful which has skills that boy and
I just personnel it's all about these
little finishing touches that just make
it go from pretty good to like sweet
this is the first time I've seen
describing an aide yes bro so Sam's
moving the bus just repositioning it
slightly I guess that's the thing with
the bus is that you you're working on it
and you're seeing it static and you're
you're imagining it imagining it moving
around but when you actually see it
driving what's some of the works been
done on there and a fair bit of the work
it's looking sweet imagine that driving
down the road boom live the adventure
so the boss is in a slightly different
position things just a bit more supposed
to get to it and pattern up for the
night we're now going to go over to this
guy's house and see if we can resolve
this this issue this little problem so
we've arrived in this guy's house I'm
going to stay in the van Mike's going to
go and approach the door see these in
see if we can spark up a friendly
conversation what we do couple
situations be have you ever had anything
like this but now first time and for any
of you is the bridge viewers you see or
the cowboy builders program you know
little little Donald you seen they're
like no no he does this he tracks down
cowboy builders and confirm so you've
ripped off old people for ten twenty
five thousand pounds and confronted this
great TV alright quite out now I feel
like him and it'll be excited not
thankful nervous scared but I just want
the truth I think what he's doing is
bizarre
so he's healing basically not being
fully truthful with us about maybe
you've always been up to or why hasn't
come and fitted the boiler or where the
stuff is or anything so we're gonna try
and get to the bottom of it hello I
don't feel like it
yeah I'm like I'm I tell you about yeah
how you doing is pretty good come on
through
give me so he tarries and I stands for
the money others tomorrow ends it I
cannot take it with that so I'll get a
refund she does in two three working
days so the full amount yeah I should be
innocent right not from the blood count
not from of I can't yours be interested
RK I buy from the club sent to yours
alright high stage definitely else you
want to say that we've what psychologize
may I can talk about it
I'm just do these I want so much we
plate them dance alright there's not
more to it and you're not in trouble or
anything no okay it's a just bad
management of time yeah it's pretty bad
time okay yeah okay so you can get it
quick I'll build it so much Allah give
you a copy a book
what oh cool all right yeah who knows if
he's bought the stuff or not all right
Wow felis Lee hasn't bought the stuff
speed in Africa funding what why did he
say all this stuff and well I did say to
as a bit funny buses like is there
anything else to color you want to say
it this days you in trouble or I was I'm
thinking what's the score where's the
story here I should known and I'll just
get the money back so so I'm glad to
have gotten a little issue sorted with
the the naughty plumbing guy that stole
my money and hopefully they'll get sort
of this week he'll actually return the
money
Oh me and Raya and now we're gonna go
and check out another hotel just booked
the night we're trying to think of a
long-term plan for this week the idea
would have been to book an air B&B but
we're struggling to find one in the area
so we'll try again tomorrow I guess also
we just watched this amazing show it's
called 72 cutest animals on Netflix go
watch it and then comment down below
what you think of the cutest animal yeah
we're any to episode yeah
I'm a bear cub okay bear cub Oh baby
else I vote the the lemur the baby lemur
was my favorite so far we're gonna have
to watch the rest also guys we've
finally finished lost last night we
finished lost obviously this was like
this series actually ended years and
years and years ago but we only just go
out to watching it what what got like it
was the most random ending so much was
left unexplained it's not many of your
left comments as all you were like
you're gonna hate it by the end but we
just kept watching anyway we just hope
for the best and we it was just failed
it was so good throughout like the first
few series like it was really nice deep
kind of like enigma and you're trying to
figure stuff out and then the ending oh
my gosh guys if you can explain quickly
one earth was going on like I still
don't really understand leave a comment
below if you understand the plot of lost
please and also what's the new series we
should watch that we haven't watched yet
um I'm thinking stranger things everyone
has been talking about it I haven't even
heard about that so we'll try that cuz
you're in North Korea you didn't see any
tweets does the burro the splendid isn't
it
other spoke here we have a massive room
what hey this is nice call for both the
bed what oh my gosh
this is lovely we didn't plan this this
week we just haven't really planned
ahead properly but it turned out we're
having like a tour of hotels in a saree
area guys I've just had some news just
got a message from Ben who is in Canada
currently but he is on his way to the
Arctic the Arctic Circle he's going on
an expedition which I'm kind of jealous
of other than the freezing cold
temperatures
sounds pretty epic if you haven't seen
that or I don't even know he's uploading
out there actually anyway head over to
this channel see that my point being is
that he isn't at home and he has an
apartment nearby and he has said that we
can grab the keys and stay there so for
the rest of the week instead of doing
our hotel tour we're going to be staying
at Ben's apartment thanks Ben if you're
watching cheers mate right we'll catch
you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
