good afternoon guys I've actually had a
couple of days of vlogging it's been
yeah it's been an interesting few days
actually I've been trying to catch up
with all the vlogs and also trying to
deal with a lot of the media attention
I've had over their career vlogs and the
response video I made and it's just
taking a lot of my headspace kind of
thinking through the criticism trying to
take some of it on constructively and I
guess just more and more questions I've
been popping up in my head and I've been
doing a lot of research watching a lot
of documentaries about North Korea I had
already done quite a bit before it went
but now I'm like talking to people that
work out there it's still fascinating
and I can see why people get very
fixated on it this place is a country
and what the right and wrong thing is to
do there are and how to deal with the
you know the tension between the Western
countries and North Korea anyway not
going to bore you guys is there's so
much discussion around this entire topic
that I think does need to happen
probably not my channel at the moment
anyway just to let you know that's where
my head space is being at it's been very
overwhelming and
a little bit paralyzing really because
I've just been kind of on my laptop
loads like trying to edit and then
trying to do all this stuff so anyway
it's a new day
Riya went away for the weekend she was
in Paris I am heading to the airport now
to pick her up and we are making some
plans for this week we have a week in
the UK still and then at the end of the
week we're heading to Bulgaria to visit
her family and to do a little road trip
around it should be pretty amazing I'm
really looking forward to speak
something we'll be planning for ages
guys check this car out it has four
unicycles thin on top of it
my producer so I made it in time guys
there's a bit of traffic coming into the
airport but I think it's all good it's a
bit of a role reversal from last week
when Ryan met me coming back from North
Korea the other question is have I got
time to eat my falafel salads
before she comes out plane landed ten
minutes ago I'm thinking
like you fly
why what has happened I need one more
bubble Soros to be able to upgrade and I
got it both ass or whatever I said in
tomorrow oh my gosh I'm ready to upgrade
exciting okay and on another note we've
just arrived at a very lovely hotel
which has boulders around and it's a gym
and there's a pokey stop right nearby so
we dropped our bags at the hotel the
room service menu wasn't very there
wasn't a lot on it so we came out and
just managed to find it's why
restaurants still open so we're sitting
down to a lovely feast classic getting
the green so I carry him the last couple
of days I have not been eating very well
because when I met my parents I get a
bit lazy because I just fall into that
old mindset of like I'm just a kid I'm
just hanging out here it's men I haven't
been very good at my meal times and
unlike Riya when she's at home she said
like that's what she eats the best
ie the worst when I'm in one location
chillin and so I'm trying to get
 me good stop rise asleep I'm
about this more editing it's been a
pretty not eventful day but I needed to
get back in the swing of vlogging so I
thought I had to start somewhere even if
I wasn't doing much and I have got
something else to contribute for you
guys to think about basically like any
email I'm not going to say the name of
the person but I really hope they don't
mind me reading it out because it really
touched me
and yeah actually really made my day
receiving this so it's just a little bit
more input in on the whole criticism in
the North Korea vlogs and this is just
this lady's input into the whole thing
so I will turn really quickly I hope
this is the right way to get in touch
with you on a 65 year old woman from the
US and overwhelmed by were the different
social media tonight I found your vlogs
from North Korea obviously through the
bad publicity I marched against the
Vietnam War
I had friends killed then I lived
through the horrific racial tensions in
the US and the 60s 70s and now racial
tensions in the u.s. again I have two
biracial Brunt sons I have a gay brother
I have a friend in high school who
killed himself in the 70s because he
felt like he could never go home again
but his his family wouldn't accept his
sexual orientation I was the first woman
who worked in an all-male juvenile
maximum-security prison in California 40
years ago because it didn't make sense
to me as a PhD psychologists that we
locked guys up for years and expected
them to come out with an understanding
of women as people not objects now there
are women working on every
living unit I've always believed change
is personal and interactive when my gay
brother and his partner moved to a small
town the f-word wasn't used as much and
they became real people and weren't
scary anymore my ex is black
my kids are biracial I've seen attitude
shift for the better because my sons
don't fit other stereotypes change
happens one person at a time that's what
you're doing it's amazing it's
incredible you're sowing seeds of
connection that multiply and have
nothing to do with politics change
occurs when seeds are sown changing
perceptions opening new potential
pathways when those little kids go to
museums this is referring to the kids in
North Korea and see images of Americans
and British people is fearful war
mongering monsters some will instead
remember you and your crew and begin
some personal introspection in a country
that allows for little of that that's
how real change begins if every one of
those locals you touched the stories
about you and how you love dance sang
and played music just people like they
are will spread to hundreds more that's
how paradigm shift and grassroots
movements begin as a clinical
psychologist for over 35 years I know
how much one moment of goodwill
seriously can mean to an adult child I'm
honored to be able to watch what you're
doing you're spreading grace and
demonstrating goodwill in the most
powerful way don't ever let anyone steal
your joy so thank you so much for for
sending that email you know who you are
I it was okay to share it it you know it
really picked me up after a few days of
feeling pretty down about it all right
I'm gonna get some sleep now guys and
I'll catch in the morning peace l enjoy
life and live the adventurer
