good morning guys we are leaving neatly
today we're jumping up on the plane I
think it's only a 45-minute flight but
we've had an awesome weekend I'm glad we
got to stay on the next day and get a
lot of editing done and a bit of
relaxing fun against the white boy there
it's not it's not working
one of the things on those Bunji the
beautiful place but there's no phone
reception
is running so fast
back in London
I've always surprised even the middle of
the summer I'm always surprised at sunny
weather so we have come back to my
parents house and there is a reason why
I'm holding a knife right now it's
because what have been a way a package
has arrived for me and all that's open
it look what's arrived
there's bubble wrap from salary I think
I have a vision of what it is
boom Instagram have sent me the canvas
that they print it do you guys remember
this from VidCon I got chosen as one of
the only British instagramers to get
featured on their Instagram wall in the
VidCon creators lounge they printed this
out this is me and Kenya and Nairobi
with zipper offs maybe I can give this
as a gift to my parents because I'm
obviously not gonna take anywhere I
don't have anywhere to hang it this is
cool they thank you Instagram that's
pretty cool
I should take more prints of my
Instagram's
I've seen some of Ben and Steve's prints
what is the way they did a cool thing in
London at the box park they did some
limited kind of t-shirts and posters and
prints and stuff I'm liking this this is
cool very cool it's good to see some of
your own like photography actually
printed as a physical thing so you're
not just most of it most of this stuff I
see it is either on my laptop screen or
on my phone like my Instagram this stuff
though we're being on my parents for a
little bit and now Steve is just arrived
we've got to go food all right all right
I found an Indian restaurant
this is guys check this out this is a
feast look how fancy it is as well look
at these onion bhajis little bit sauce
got vegetable gel Frazee got molinos for
you what but it's deep what you got some
rice
hey guys you like Steve's new hair stuff
then I put it back to the battery
that's good right
that kind of similarly I think though
that's like going to use Levi's that
this guy didn't he's just chillin that
Ben has messaged us and we are gonna go
over and get Ben and then go out on a
little cruise baby on skateboards I
haven't got a skateboard I got my
boosted board see there you go
skateboard have you got skateboard right
we can teach you tonight
guys we have arrived at Ben's flat I
don't know what we're doing by I pop on
my boosted boards I'm above it which
means someone mike bird it like my how
you doing Ben how's the Olympics I saw
some of your vlogs by that it's says so
I'm so happy like to finally get there
it's been a dream like well since
Beijing yeah to actually go there and
take some proper photos so yes I saw
your cycling on violet nice unreal I've
never been to see it live before you
have to go to end up going on a
late-night mission we have one penny
board this isn't going well we've
finally abandoned asylum
I don't know this is a good idea but I
got a coffee it's gone midnight I'm
trying to push through this jetlag I
wanted to put it on a pull an
all-nighter tonight like just anything
is gonna happen
I might state tomorrow again boys
let me go hey guys we were talking about
Steve's long hair earlier he's gonna try
a little man bun I think it's gonna be
more like a little top knot right it's
gonna be a little high ponytail you can
rock that you can rock that what do you
think guys is this a good hair stocking
Steve can you just tuck it like back in
like that okay right you do this and
star this star this
you got this bro we go this
by the time I release this vlog you're
probably already growing up
but it's so cute see ya thanks I really
it's a bad brother look Roy yeah
is this a thumbs up or thumbs down from
you guys but you get my thumb's oh yeah
excited actually this is giving me a new
lease of life and growing yeah oh it's
chilly I'm glad then let me is any cuz I
don't have mine anymore because I gave
it to mr. Byung in North Korea this used
to all be empty for us to skate around
look at it now trucks everywhere right
I'm trying Benz traditional skateboard
out I've got to admit still not a big
fan of I think I'm just more into kind
of longboarding like cruising maybe it's
just because I can't do any tracks
this is why I wouldn't really call
myself after going away with those guys
Lane and Aquila said they they skate
those skaters yeah beautiful I kill
heaven who better gonna hang out on the
weekend before he heads off to the
Arctic on Monday he is going in a boat
with an astronaut to find polar bears
that true that's kind of random yeah but
it is true
well it was cool to see Stephen
bentonite to be honest I still feel a
bit disorientated coming back from Asia
straight down to Bald masters and then
yeah and now back up my parents and just
yeah just trying to stop for a second
get some headspace everything's been so
fast paced and I feel like I need to
take a few days to just slow down so
it's it's nice it's nice timing
basically just to be here I do want to
see the bus tomorrow probably just see
Mike and and plan the next phase for
that and catch over a few people and I'm
happy the weather is great here and I'm
looking forward to hanging out here for
the next week before hopefully me and
Riya are going to be going to Bulgaria
to visit her family and to see the
beautiful country which I haven't really
explored yet I went through Bulgaria
four years ago but I'm I'm kidding to go
over there with her and yeah I'll keep
you up to date with all my travel plans
as usual and I'll catch you in the
morning
peace out enjoy your life and live the
adventure
