good morning guys there's lots going on
I need to catch you up with firstly I'm
fully up to date with my vlogs fully up
to date my vlogs today is the last day
of 2017 and we are here in France near
Geneva at a resort called Lake hellos
and and I'm with a bunch of people and
being Dave they're trying to throw
snowballs at May Emily and then back at
our Chalet I'll introduce you to Leto
obviously no Raya my cousin Steve is
here with us and and Bridget my friend
Bridget and yeah we've just come down to
get our gear our snowboarding and skiing
gear because for the next week yeah
we're coming to ski holiday and it's
gonna be amazing tomorrow night Steve
and Alexia and our friend Tyson is
arriving and yeah it's gonna be an
incredible start to 2018 we're gonna
have an amazing week in this beautiful
chalet where we're just gonna be
dreaming and coming up with plans for
the year and just yeah just starting the
year in the right way so anyway it's
gonna get off snowboards and stuff you
excited about a sweet Dave
whose legs africana Loreena legs all
night like and these tough Bazar and he
destroyed that guy's I didn't really
like the laces in these and so I'm going
for these these stylist twisty ones I
don't know what do you guys think guys
the other lot I've got their ski things
now and we it's a bit of a late start to
the day but we're gonna head out and
check out the slopes for a couple of
hours this is just phenomenal
this is where me and Mariah are staying
in this little outside cabin hot tub
right there epic view of the mountain oh
we had a beautiful breakfast around this
table this morning how cool is this
place right yeah
this has been my life for well I've
finally got this stage where I haven't
got any edits to do guys and it feels
incredible it feels amazingly liberating
yeah it's good to be it's good speed
headspace you know headspace is
important isn't it definitely and also
just knowing yes sort of living one life
not like living in the past and the
present like this will literally go out
tomorrow on New Year's Day win it mmm
yeah back in the game yeah sorry guys
I've been so delayed far behind us it's
good to get all the content kind of like
as good as it can be but it's really
nice just uploading the next day like HD
oh yeah and then we've got this we want
to do our own little pie later
put a little DJ set up show us your
belly David go on but Dave OC Billy
I can't deny it's the Christmas
Christmas pudding first day was able to
get this stuff ready is always gonna be
a bit like herding cats but we're
getting there we all get in there yeah
we're pretty much cool our stuffs always
got a helmet guys and be safe this year
triple XL
oh I finally got ourselves together just
to ride down at the bottom of one of the
the main ski lifts then we're heading up
to some of the beginners slope something
unfortunately Riya finished offs in the
works coming out come out with us today
but if she gets it and done she can have
a more relaxed week
this is Steve's first time looking
forward to it we convinced since ghosts
with a snowboard the option of going to
skiing instead but we'll see you can
always switch halfway I prefer
snowboarding
we have left the beginners and the day
we've got the scouts of slopes further
up see there's a nice beginner suitable
slice open come in plenty room
oh this is great
right I think it always takes a day to
kind of really get your confidence up
but I'm already feeling pretty chill
this the slope condition right now isn't
amazing it's kind of a bit oh I see
because it rained yesterday but the rest
of the week's forecast pretty heavy snow
so we should be in for a treat
all right they've given Bridget oh we
have a lesson on snowplow a classic
snowplow
my five teachers I'm Andy's gonna get
yeah I think it's always about two and a
half the only first they out we've just
been chillin back at the chalet and
we're heading down into town now just
the little village here and there's
about to be some fireworks look at this
view this is just spectacular
yes that's pretty epic guys I can enjoy
a nice evening in getting some food and
celebrating a bit here and then
hopefully head down for some live music
and celebrations in the town - an
amazing year 2018 and amazing
friendships and a great trip one of the
things I didn't mention earlier guys is
we are in this incredible Chalet that's
all catered and they're doing dinner for
us and everything with peashooters are
they edible check out our starter
freshly made pita bread hummus you just
realized didn't have my hat on imagine
is your shirt this food is amazing and
presented incredibly as well look at
this your which don't want to eat you
okay guys desserts a righteous pineapple
carpaccio Louie with a mango salsa
got my coffee I'm gonna go in joined
Aven the hot tub oh I can't believe I'm
being in a hot tub yeah I think this is
one of my favorite situations being a
hot tub is it in the snow yeah yeah just
warming up ready to head out Andes ready
we're gonna all jump in the car it's a
probably a 20 minute walk
so we're thinking drivings pretty better
option and obviously because I don't
drink I can drive everyone back so much
I think it's my thing is like half 11:00
I think we've closed too close to 2018
very place
okay guys we're leaving another high
worth coming home for heading back to
the chalet right back at that house
playing Scrabble two in the morning do I
need to show you this look at this
snowfall it's like a blizzard apparently
this 20 centimeters of snow do tonight
and that's gonna mean incredible skiing
and snowboarding tomorrow I'm gonna sign
out there throughout the week I will
probably kind of keep you guys updated
on conversations we're having around
plants the new year we've had some deep
chats today but yeah I definitely want
this to be a time of reflection and also
setting some goals and some exciting
vision for the year ahead and I hope
that's the same for you guys as well
and yeah I'll catch you in the morning
we've got Steve Alexia and Tyson and my
friend Ollie arriving I forgot to
mention him earlier at the beginning of
the vlog but anyway yeah it's gonna be
yeah it's gonna be pretty amazing and
yeah also guys I'll link this this
Chalet and be incredible here this this
whole experience so far has been amazing
I should definitely check this place out
if you're if you're everyone it's come
for an amazing hosted catered kind of
Chalet ski holiday um this is you this
is your place see the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
