good afternoon guys
we've just had a late breakfast and we
are heading over to Ben's flat then that
is kinda laying a stay there for the
week because he is in the Arctic a big
waiting Canada right now but today is
heading to the Arctic
it's go on an expedition which I'm very
excited about and but yeah we're gonna
head over and and basically have a
little house for the week because we
were tired of just going to random
hotels every night I have dropped Raya
and our bags have been splat I'm now
going to meeting
some other stuff my parents
I wanted to chat about something a lot
of you may be thinking Louie you're 33
it's about time you get your own place
and I kind of agree with you but I have
a bit of a problem maybe you guys can
give me some advice so my options are at
the moment I could be renting my own
apartment maybe / maybe start getting
mortgage on a place and have my own
property in the UK complain the only
problem with that is I was only in the
UK two months last year so that would be
probably renting that property owl makes
sense but long-term running out would
mean I'd be able to stay there anyway
but being the same problem and except
you don't just be and start to get to
the problem
like make money off renting out so that
doesn't make a lot of sense to me I
could then do Airbnb and make some money
off it but I still don't think it'd be a
great choice and it'll just be for the
two months of the year sporadically that
I made me became so having my own place
doesn't make a lot of sense in this
stage in my opinion it does cause
problems when I'm in the country
especially the dryer because there's not
enough room for us to stay at my parents
house and really not with getting our
space and stuff so leaves us in this
predicament critical that we found
ourselves in this week which is
struggling to get place you know and
yeah I guess running an air B&B when I'm
with back makes the most sense and we
plan it properly
but really what I'm holding out for and
I thought you guys will know it's buying
my own land and then building treehouses
so that is the long-term vision I still
haven't found anywhere guys I'd have to
equal trying to help me it's very
difficult and I'm going to ask me your
voice help again
anywhere in the South that is the dream
this week the meeting I just arrived
that is with Sony and I'm super excited
because as you know I use a lot of Sony
equipment or my cameras and lenses and
everything I met with him last week and
I'm meeting with him again today not
just about doing some kind of
ambassadorship with their cameras but
also about kicking out my double-decker
bus with some TV screens and sound
systems and stuff so this might be the
start of a long term relationship with
them maybe doing some joint events and
projects and loads of different things
so I'm super excited right guys I'm in
my meeting and we've just been talking
for the last hour about different lenses
I've got some kit that I'm getting
repaired and I'm just trying out some
other lenses like check this out I've
got this and really excited about I got
the 24 to 70 lens that I broke and I was
in China so this one hasn't got like a
big cracked lens now and also I've got a
replacement a 7rt and this 85 1.4 lens
which apparently is incredible for
portraits so I'm gonna try that out as
well and then I've just seen a little
cross-section which lens is this stuff
so these are some girls from Sony that
I've been chatting and yeah look at the
cross-section this is how much glass and
like build goes into the inside of the
lens check this out how many lenses are
the
one two three four five six pieces of
glass that's crazy
okay I've just got a little gift I don't
know what this is
oh it's a sensor no way look at these
guys it's a keychain and it's a sensor
from the a7 ah what is it
full-frame sensor that is really cool I
like that look
Oh awesome yeah yeah I'm gonna use that
thank you
okay thanks well guys very successful
meeting
there's nothing fully official yet I
think I'm in early stages of negotiating
some kind of ambassadorship I've got a
bunch of new lenses and the replacement
camera and there help me fix equipment
and it's nice to finally after over a
year of trying to reach out to Sony and
next to them they actually like
unrelated to my knee trying to contact
the US team they actually found my vlogs
and said that they were really keen on
chatting about working together so it's
all worked out beautifully and yeah
hopefully we can do some really fun
projects and I'm trying to see if one of
the girls wants to come over to the bus
today later on and just to see where we
could put a TV and a sound system stuff
like that so she wants to check out but
I'm I'm buzzing right now this is this
is so good I'm back at Ben's we are
doing a wash one of the problems are
being nomadic is finding places to wash
your clothes it's nice to have a space
even though it's full of Ben's merch
which he is packing over 600 packages
out to you guys that have ordered
posters and sweatshirts and stuff pretty
awesome that's pretty awesome
when we get a feel fridge while speaking
did you get my yellow ones this walls
built out here having a really nice home
or maybe a couple yeah I think there and
sub-item one or two at the back there if
they're outdoor rated if not maybe in
there and that's that sounds bye
so Morita is one of the girls that's
meeting with earlier at Sony we've just
had a pretty awesome conversation about
how they can get the bus out and yeah
future work it's good to get her down
it's really kind of her to take time out
of her day so thanks check out the LED
lighting than have you saw the other day
thanks Josh
also guys if you haven't already he is
filmed a whole like day by day account
of the bus being renovated
while stars in North Korea you may have
seen it linked it the other day at the
end of the video but you need to go and
check it out because if your interest in
how this amazing masterpiece has formed
you've made a very detailed account of
it boys catching the flip side but
dinnertime I've managed to track down
Steven Alexia they are gonna meet us in
Cobham me and Roy are gonna get some
food at them peace
such nice weather man yeah soon soon
guys soon the buns coming to you thank
you thank you
right guys I got them to make a custom
dish for me and the arrow batter with
loads of vegetables all the vegetables
got some broccoli got surprised
basically a very nutritious meal make
more I may delay uh bye oh I am glad
that we got to see Stephen Alexia before
they go off tomorrow with with the
amount all of us travel it's like such a
rare opportunities to see you
we made it work tonight we're still yet
to get our twig been in the calls are
like the six of us still need to make
that happen yeah plants and things we
are planning we've just chatted about it
and put it in the diary and trip away
after buffer Festival in October we're
gonna try and find somewhere cool to go
maybe cuber again maybe somewhere else
yeah and I've made Steve promise he's
not gonna book anything else didn't turn
in that time to Ben's place thanks very
much stranger things yeah yeah we
started watching last night's stranger
things because we were asking you guys
for some suggestions of things to watch
and that was one of the things we'd
already heard about home sweet home
right it's time for bed I am pretty
excited about what happened today
against chapter Sony I cannot wait to do
some more stuff with them and I also
will show you guys in more detail the
lenses and how they look and I'll do
some tests with them like videos and
photos over the next couple of days and
I will catch you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
