good morning guys today I'm leaving
Beijing I've said goodbye to most of the
group and me and Samuel just arrived to
the airport and we're just looking at
our flights on the board and his flight
has just come up saying cancelled
and so covered I tell me what you're
gonna do
it's all gonna just change the gate so
let's see what well bro hopefully I
don't know okay ba it's a PA flight okay
I might see you on the other side that
unit cool yeah I'll come visit your boy
right now hopefully hopefully Samuel
gets this right so it
I'm going chill now maybe get some
editing done because I did not get any
editing done if you were watching
yesterday's vlog me and Lane went on the
mission last night to try and like get a
bunch of edit editing done but then we
failed horribly because we got two tires
because we've been out skating we've
realized we both try and just cram as
much into our day as possible you know
you know I'll do that guys so it often
ends in just feel completely exhausted
and not I can't edit
well this guy always causes me problems
in Chinese airports they always have to
like check what rating the battery is
and they always delays me but it's worth
it for a full charge on my Mac foot yeah
this is a very handy travel item it's
caused a little bit
so I've now got an eight-hour flight to
London and because of the time
difference I think I don't know what the
time difference is but anyway it means
that I'm handling at 3:00 just after
3:00 p.m. UK time and Roy is flying in
from Bulgaria so we're gonna be reunited
after 10 days off the grid haven't been
as attached at all we spoke briefly last
night but I just can't my colleagues
here
I am back in the UK quite excited to be
back actually I've got some cool things
planned and it's it's not super hot but
it's nice and sunny and this is like my
favorite time of year to be back in the
UK I might just go get another coffee I
did literally just drink coffee to the
entire flight I got so much work done
and it is like for vlogs
well I just literally crashed out the
whole afternoon because I stayed up
overnight on the flight editing i yeah i
just haven't helped my jetlag basically
but me and raya are gonna go for a
little stroll now we've booked into a
really nice hotel in richmond right by
the river and we're just gonna stroll
into town now and find cute little
restaurants and have some dinner out and
yeah it's just nice to be back it's nice
to be back I think it's only a few days
just to recover and to process and more
what a crazy trip just being on check
out this epic hotel like a old castle
this is the first time I've had to wear
any type of warmer clothing so like two
weeks I think I'm a bit strange
I'd be like super sweaty most days
because it's like very very humid in
North Korea and we're back to a pretty
typical British summer
that's so those of you that didn't know
Raya has been daily vlogging this month
and she's probably about a week ahead of
me at this point because I'm so
uploading my North Korea vlogs it's
gonna be a while and till I'm back on
track so I'm sure you've been yeah I'm
sure you've seen all of this already but
we are going out for a nice evening now
yeah
and rise also get me back into Pokemon
when I landed out cuz I haven't had the
internet for like 10 days I was like oh
I probably might not even get back into
Pokemon that it lasts long they lasted
like five minutes
the other day we had a day off when we
were staying in Guildford at that little
Q air B&B and we went to zzs and i am i
vegan menu so I've ordered a vegan pizza
here with artichoke spinach mushrooms
basically it's just nice to have other
food other than like kimchi
Peter basically Raya tell us about this
ice cream it's the best ice cream in the
world
look it's literally like swirls of mango
in the coconut yeah this is unreal and
also where's this company cup look at
this coffee cup this is less like a
hollow space in-between the cost of the
outside so it doesn't burn your hand
that is a cool invention
well I can't believe I'm still awake
it's almost 11:00 p.m. I managed to push
through I think if I can sleep through
this whole night and get I need I need a
lot of sleep guys but if I can um I
might be able to start getting back into
a normal sleeping ban it's weird it
wasn't just being in like Asia that
threw off my sleep pattern it was also
getting up super early so yeah I mean it
was fun for a few days but definitely
not something I could get used to I
don't think do you think it's bad that I
I have labeled myself not a morning
person I mean that's what I've
identified myself as but I think because
of that label I am I just would never
accept having like loads of early
mornings I can make exception stuff
anyway I'm just rambling though I had a
lovely day hanging out Roy a singer
again and yeah I'm so happy to be back
in the UK and I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and the adventure
they
