good afternoon guys
I mean Raya have left the hotel and we
are wandering down to fistful Beach
which is over here check out how many
people on this beach this is just insane
I think there's a surf competition going
on yeah it's gonna be good this awesome
campground this one's fast
we both love this color how nice is that
color yeah where is that like baby blue
or like some kind of turquoise
so I've got my coffee we've wandered out
to the beach and we're trying to check
out some of the surf competition I don't
really understand what's going on there
seems to be a guy on a tan I over there
and there seems to be a couple of people
out on the water so I guess we're just
gonna check him out with Mike and Josh I
think they these guys had a bit of a
late one last night did the bus go crazy
yeah that's Jim's choose to play I'm
usually up for pies but I'm glad I said
this for now and I just needed to rest
an interest
we have now wondered up to the cannon
area again I might actually try and film
some little shots and they're ridiculous
lenses here this is a 500 mil lens that
ever you can see that so guys this is a
my lens my took 24 to 240 this is on the
Canon 500 wear lens this is an 800 mil
lens
boy when you start your own YouTube
channel I think this is the lens and
camera you should get I think it's
pretty convenient for vlogging really
spy on people I have to go for another
bowl of this amazing chickpea curry
we're now trying to find riots and food
because she doesn't like spicy foods
I never noticed before because I always
love spicy but I think yeah Britain just
love spice how liam curries and is the
national dish the number one national
dish which sucks the rifle unfortunately
we're gonna eat
is it cold power people out there I love
little festivals like this guys because
everyone's in a chilled five there's
loads going on but it's not too hectic
so there's like little food stores and
shopping things where I bought a couple
of cool dresses there's little
performances live music beatboxing I
don't know I just oh and it probably
helps a lot that it's just like a super
awesome day to day weather-wise
the Sun is scorching and just puts
everyone in a good mood you know so I'm
glad to be here a lot of people are
stopping me and and saying oh I thought
you'd be like off traveling the world
and I'm like this is part of the world
as well even though I'm from here coming
down I don't often come down to the
coast in the UK so it's good to explore
a bit and I'm loving masters we are back
at the butter bus we haven't seen much
of the the guys today but we finally
reunited and they are actually going to
be heading off a bit earlier than
planned and I thought we're gonna have
to leave something to them because we're
gonna fly back from nuki Airport to
Gatwick so I'm going to leave the drone
and the booster Borden's and another bag
so before it before we go might before
we go I'm gonna take the drone up one
last flight and capture a beautiful
sunset over the beach see how far we can
take it
what happened Louis back back okay oh
it's flying off okay is it coming home
oh oh my god good god we were just
flying it straight over the festival and
disconnected yeah gosh - no what is this
- give it circling and as it goes that
side of the circle disconnects and okay
oh okay so I need to back up back up
this way where are we yeah we got there
oh my gosh you're like shaking
I'm trying the return to home function
haven't tried this before
oh yeah it's coming in oh yeah did I did
he go too far I come back mate it's
going too far until I land in the bush
nice she let the boys have a nice drive
back we have just walked top of the hill
watch the sunset pretty epic and yeah
now we're gonna head in meet up with
Marley crew hanging out see if there's
any um see there's any cool apps
happening tonight I think James Bay's
playing so we may hang around unless
he's playing super lay and then we're
both relatively exhausted but it's it's
been such a nice weekend but we probably
won't be staying out too late make sure
we head over to this guy's that out
literally down here in Newquay there's
like not many pokey cells other than the
center of town but we found on this hill
this concrete tower over here is the
Pokemon stop so we're gonna go and go
and collect some balls because we're
both running low on balls
it's quite hard to vlog when your life
around stages blasting music by
it's been a very fun night we just went
backstage to the relentless area I stole
some fans alone
tomorrow I'm going to meet to do a lot
of editing I'm so far behind
and I may need to manage it or sugar and
caffeine anyway yeah we're gonna head
back now
a star star near to take
it's been an amazing weekend it's been
so cool hanging with a Marley team and
get to DJ yesterday was a lot of fun I
always loved traveling buses because I
used to drive mine around so much but I
didn't get to be a passenger but
you can though the backward
oh yeah so they had a fruit all they're
about you bill like what did not get
well we went on a bit of an impromptu
Pokemon mission on the way home we took
over two gyms and bar
I caught a wild Charmander I have never
caught them before and then it
disappeared in the clouds Mike so I'm
pretty upset not really but kind of
we are going to in some sleep now we've
actually extended our stay for an extra
day to make the most of this beautiful
place we're staying in with incredible
view and we're actually going to take
tomorrow off and just relax and do a
bunch of work and yeah and the way I
think we're flying back on Tuesday
morning which is pretty awesome rather
than doing an eight-hour drive anyway
alright um we'll see you tomorrow peace
out into her life and live the Adventure
Bay
