good morning guys we are leaving them as
young hotel in North Korea that is the
end of our surf camp unfortunately we
didn't get to go back out on the waves
this morning because they'd already put
the surfboards in the Buffs but we've
had a lot of fun the last few days for
now jumping in heading back to Pyongyang
it's going to be a long long drive today
I think maybe 7 or 8 hours but hopefully
it should be pretty beautiful we'll see
some more of the country on the way
right there they're doing some work on
the road over here so we're having to to
drive on a bumpy road about to drive on
a bumpy road smelling and even bumpy
road where we thankfully got the bus
through that little obstruction earlier
we've now aligned a ski resort
obviously it's summertime so there's no
snow but this is definitely not
something I'd have imagined being in
North Korea Tom can I can I join you yes
join me Thanks
so today we've got a bit of a new dish
this is apparently acorn jelly and in
school slightly weird flavor to it I'm a
big fan of this pancake though this is
cool we have a Christmas tree over here
littler into a Santa Claus skiing the
potato balls we're still growing
make the potato balls ah it the bar
yeah I always dream thank you guys we
found some computer games on this big
screen minesweeper
that's a bomb that's a bomb oh gosh I
knew it
I'm saying goodbye to all the girls now
had joined us for the surf camp I think
it's sad that we're not good enough to
stay in touch
that's something I'm sad about yes
goodbye everyone
oh oh
so we are back in Pyongyang and on one
of the first days tears we were meant to
be visiting the statues of the leaders
and we couldn't because there been some
incident where I think people being
disrespectful so they didn't want
tourists there but now we've been given
permission to go
Yeah right we got a classic dish it'd be
beamed up sporting this right and we've
got a lovely view of the swing boys
we're eating here we are guys
Pyongyang and so now that's all for your
prevent where we should say goodbye so
sad but yeah but you have chance to come
back again yeah
here I have to see again next year yeah
this year
so yeah it was my first time guide his
selfie group and it was my first time to
serve
the ocean oh I've never experienced this
kind of a surfing so yeah I want to
thanks to gave Talmud also Riley yeah it
goes
it taught us how to take dessert yes a
bigger than house key balance and
countertop and the shack Shekhar was
privileged are many Americans here as
you know relations between the United
States
dprk is dumb
now so
you know yeah just the normal person
and I think
coming back come back again and again
weekend
you know deferment
relations PR industry
thank you very much right we're back at
our hotel that within the first few
nights in Pyongyang kind of feels like
it was just yesterday we got here we're
also kind of feels like it was like two
months ago yeah we got a lot done began
and we have no idea what world news
we've missed why should be here we've
given up been online for like nine days
now oh my god we just spent a few hours
chatting about life and our experience
out here in North Korea and yeah just
how interesting it's been to grasp and
the differences of the people's lives
out here and and then I guess it's made
us reflect a little bit about our own
lives and what's important to us and
maybe some of the things we do love
about the culture here and some of the
things that are yeah more difficult to
get used to but and we we are really
keen to come back here as soon as
possible it might be next year and
there's talk of a potential snowboarding
trip that some of the guys are trying to
organize which would be mental but yeah
it's been incredible we are waking up at
6 a.m. and we're flying back to Beijing
hopefully if everything goes smoothly
but yeah I this has been a very life
impacting trip and I hope you guys have
enjoyed seeing North Korea if you
haven't watched all the vlogs I highly
recommend go back there's just crazy
stuff and experiences so anyway
catch you guys tomorrow as we head back
to China peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
