good morning guys we are in Richmond
I flew in yesterday from China I got
back safely and yeah we're gonna walk
down get some breakfast it's really nice
to be back and we've got quite fun day
planned today basically what I was away
in North Korea Mike and some boys have
been working on my double-decker bus and
apparently it's looking amazing so we're
gonna go over there and have a look I
think the hot tub has been installed
I think it's been painted and Mike's
been doing a lot of carpentry and
building and stuff
installing lights and yeah I can't wait
to see it it's gonna be incredible and I
can't wait to show you right as well no
I've never seen it so cool look so good
guys look at this breakfast this is what
I'm most excited about eating a banana
this is the best banana I would have
eaten in like two weeks
yay I three drinks that coffee smoothie
soup
yeah we just went out to borrow my
grandpa's car driving around later and
we were just wandering back in and check
what we found just chillin by my
parent's house a wild Pikachu this is
amazing this is the only the second one
I've ever seen their third one now I won
one in an egg didn't I so this is the
second wild pig to FL I'm getting it get
this we've been doing laptop Club most a
day catching up with some edits we've
done our washing we're heading often a
bit of an adventure tomorrow guys I'll
tell you about that later but before
then we're just sitting down for some
dinner with the family
how you doing dad my good I'm getting to
2-under your pass at that point how's
your summer holiday been it's been good
just visiting relatives and friends
getting back to my old stomping ground
infrastop the nice thing good time sweet
you're looking forward to going over see
the bus so playing with the drive
oh yeah I got I got a drain guys button
I could obviously can take it to North
Korea because like see anyone I can
cater drones of the gun trip my dad's
going to teach me how to use it because
I haven't left Liam and actually flown
it yet we might take it over and we're
about to offer dinner go over and see
the bus which Mike and the boys have
been working hard at was have been away
and the hot tub has been installed I
think I said this earlier and there's
some other things but it's just past
this MOT I just found out literally an
hour ago past at MIT and yeah we're
almost almost finished stage one and
yeah I can't wait to go see it yeah
right one two three no I'd want to be
three solid Alcala we are just arriving
at the place where the bus has been
actually no but actually really popped
I'm really excited to see I mean I know
the plans but until you actually see
them in real life do you have a little
scent of butterflies what do you mean
idea yeah are you excited that we're
really excited yeah can I just see
around it a bit before your hands oh
yeah let me get
and those of you that don't know this is
actually been on my list of things I've
wanted to do for over 10 years is a hot
tub in a double-decker bus so it's
finally happened
hello mate where where are we going with
driven free we've driven into there into
the compound and we take we've taken a
right at the end is that the right way
right got a yellow yeah yes buddy Oh
sick
yeah yeah yeah
that's a white but it get detained in
North Korea you're a communist oh right
yeah it's me are you doing right ah
amazing man like it yeah this is sitting
6 o'clock we yeah yeah exactly so a
little tour yes I'm a good see you again
yeah I love it
spicy a black bus sweet so when was it
painted gradually so we had to one major
change around yeah I'm with the
mechanics the well that needed welding
underneath for load stuff in the engine
had to be done yeah lost three days of
labor oh really oh transfer to the
targets we cancelled the wrapping
and the guys sprayed this and did a
sweet job makes a lot of sailors money
yeah may look sense
check it out you everything over that
yeah but I love it I love it it's
amazing is that all sprayed yeah yeah
yeah
and then down the side the free start a
bit further
no yes to cover the window I constantly
start my own with the but try out a nice
to dry plane oh I love it
thanks thanks so got LED lights in here
ok little bit yeah ah they're just white
once went for warm white yeah nice yeah
you don't need to worry it's only to you
I yeah we've got loads of LED lighting
get idea there that feel or whatever
probably one okay let's have a little oh
so massive tanks no and they were all
boarded in yeah what's warm back up from
the engine right yeah oh this is all
taken this has all been taken on yeah
Wow your work with the frame jobs
actually smash this area getting all
this sorted o6o we also with it this was
from the boom box yeah perfect - awesome
batteries Oh Josh see you guys do
explanation me I'm Lafayette still works
yeah my guys did they came and they
expended been working loads of buses so
they come up this idea really strong
stuff wall this is central to the hot
tub above and also holds in to 1040
liter so that's one point oh yeah tons
each side fuel cap still to go in
basically pumps gonna be down there
still workers built that from massive
boiler which we need 25 litres a minute
to get the hot tub
in an hour what's this anything okay
okay oh my gosh yeah oh my gosh yeah
because originally when you're talking
about doing like net oh yeah no I love
that I love that been knocked up last
night maybe little hands about that
wasn't it so that's our basic thing
there's no I love that bad back
oh yes yes I could cool big Wow
so realistically you can get you could
kind of get eight people in there
probably that's pretty that's pretty big
guys check this out there's easily
enough room for like eight people in it
the dream has become reality might you
know I was like talking about this like
ten years ago when I first started the
boom box basically
thank y'all check out these LEDs guys
yeah so you got loads or zones and you
gonna put them under the stairs - yeah
yeah so when people come in it'll be
like well that depends what you want do
you use our lighting to draw people to
the different areas yeah right where
effects you want that's what I mean I
think in the coffee machine goes here
and then I'm thinking maybe phase two or
three we might take these doors out and
toy Li and put some more seats down LED
and what do you think Riya yeah really
tell im anything you know yeah the
party's gonna be so it's just feel of a
completely different bus or the one that
I like no way went to Korea so I'm
thinking when this is finished which
will probably be near the end of the
summer now I'm going to do some kind of
event near London at the launch party I
still need to do a bit planning but we
were basically the plan was that we were
doing a deadline for tomorrow because we
are going down to the board masters surf
festival in Newquay south of England and
we were going to try and get this hot
tub working to take the bus down to do
the little party down there because I'm
working with Marley again but it didn't
come together fully which isn't it's not
the end of the world because it's just
gonna be a bonus if we have it sorted I
thought it'd be a good deadline to aim
for so we're now going to leave the bus
we're driving down in this other bus
I've just been showing around this is my
friend Jim's glass and we're again down
there for tomorrow lunchtime so and yeah
it's gonna be a pretty epic weekend
I think there's over a hundred thousand
people down there and there's going to
be like surf competition
like a bunch of big music events and
stuff so yeah it'd be a really really
cool few days so I am just I'm just
buzzing and having seen what Mike's done
and the boys was the way it is this is
so epic this is like truly my dream and
it's come to life and yeah this is just
the first stages as well I think there's
gonna be quite a lot more in a day
firstly we're going to box this in so
it's going to be ready for the winter so
it can be warmer in here big TV screen
for cinemas shows whilst you're sitting
in the hot tub ah see yeah so amazing
I'm back at my parents named Raya
crashing here tonight we've gone early
morning we're going to be heading down
to the board Masters Festival and I'm
going to take the drawing down give that
little spin maybe get some surfing and
they're allowing drones and it could be
a lot of people around so I should
probably practice before that and what
else
laundry is dry and then a little look at
the Olympics I think this is the first
thing of the Olympics of what yeah is
this the you UK cycling day snow in the
lead okay looks like we're currently
winning this fight I wish I could have
made it out to Rio fair some of the
Olympics nice left some time I don't
think the closing ceremonies to the end
of the month I maybe maybe she just he's
not trying squeeze too much in right um
I'm pretty tired jetlag is still still
getting me so I'm going to head to bed
soon um but yeah catch you guys tomorrow
um it's going to be a crazy weekend
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
