so we the first thing carpet 360 were
doing and it with the new fusion from
from GoPro video we've got a few wing
shots but this is the first proper 360
you should have probably done some
earlier but we have the problem anyway
look around right now guys it is like
three big golden hour the Sun is saying
we're ten thousand feet above the
Pacific Ocean we are so far right now
it's gonna get worse when we get to
there it's gonna so what's in the
apartment that's the furthest you can
ever be from any land point that is her
caught whatever that X's so I feel you
guys we would have left early in the
morning leaving us as much flight time
it day like that because of paperwork
delays I mean we are so grateful that we
got to leave today at all but we left I
don't know what was it woke me up 2 p.m.
3 p.m.
we've got 1724 those coupons till we get
to California - laughs 12 hours 12 hours
that'll realistically come down we have
realistically about 11 maybe 10 and a
half hours left and both of that now is
going to be flying through the night so
it's a if the team I'm going to help
keep JP awake if he needs to have a
little naps I'll keep it on the extra
bit but yeah I have like really excited
we've been saying this whole time like
it's like this it's like I don't know if
it's like this open well make sense of
excitement but then it there's like it
kind of comes it goes and there's like
this act feeling of anxiousness I can't
even imagine how JP feeling right now
like this is yeah it's a mix of emotion
I feel very bipolar right now up and
down like I have like these things
sticking out of my ear cuz that's
connected to the high frequency radio we
have so that messes with my noise can't
say and I keep hearing things and I keep
thinking is something wrong but the
airplane is actually running beautifully
and also guys if you haven't watched any
of the vlogs or you haven't seen what
we've been up to this entire series
firstly with luck with flying around the
world this is the final leg to
California secondly this dual tank was
only just for head normally this plane
has like another four seats right here
but to fake this distance yeah we just
had to fill the entire back of the
flavored bill that's a lot of deal see
my paranoia just kicked in
when you when you like when you quantify
what we're doing it gets crazy
and then I need to like step back and
run the calculations in my head again
and be like it's totally doable this is
so nice because I think because we have
a bloated belly sunsets who don't like
what free beginning we did a bunch but
we have done it in a while
that's that
your reflection I have so many shots off
just water out of the window
so where this time last night I was
flying commercial rub-rub
Koda Honolulu and I was just so like I
had no idea all right I don't know
whether we're gonna face likely but I
know we're gonna bake it I was half
expecting us to like be trying all day
and only find out like last minute like
find out this I was expecting me to push
until 4:00 p.m. and it no girl and then
we're running to the airport to catch a
commercial play
yeah guys it was like 7:00 a.m. we got
the call the inspector had done their
final bits of paperwork that would be
wakeful for the last couple of days and
it was like JP got the photos like yes I
was like oh a sense of relief I don't
know the cameras picking this up guys
but the sky is just heard a whole sorts
of amazing colors yeah my entire life
when I've dreamt around about flying
around the world I always dreamt about
all the sunsets we'd see here we didn't
really get many on this trip there it's
definitely different
I don't know why yeah it's the other
side of the sky but it is different it
is definitely enough and maybe it it
feels like it
the timings different by the way the
time bit I think all those changes yeah
I thought so think it's the temperature
because it's always bomber yeah and then
maybe has a bit of a happiness effect as
well
oh it's just so pink purple and the
height does it's like orange yellow
turquoise
Wow
I just imagining the focus that we learn
to California and I yeah you don't you
shouldn't do hired we have five hours
left it well realistically about ten and
a half it just so it's really fills me
with excitement like I feel like it's
gonna be the Vice overwhelming focus of
both of our lives definitely yours
especially over like over over wealth
like to the point where like you know
we're not gonna know what's going on
like is this gonna be your just overload
our bodies it's gonna overload which
would be like for what they I think make
a peach is oh yeah I'm already tearing
up I'm not kidding oh yeah it's very
emotional to me yeah
