good morning guys
is our last day North Korea we are
leaving the hotel right now we're
heading to the airport is 6:00 a.m.
pretty early about three hours sleep
just trying to finish some editing and
near Lane actually stayed up quite
languages we were enjoying the hot tub
downstairs but yeah I'm pretty sad to go
actually definitely going back
definitely going back to North Korea
this has been a very unique experience
we've arrived at the airport everyone's
getting their bags out we're about to
fail goodbyes I'm gonna miss miss Kim
we're donating these skateboards oh
thank you this is a gift for you yeah
you love that board next time I come you
can show me your skills
right
it's almost made out oh my god rofl no
in two hours
guys we've been saying this entire time
that we can feel fully relieved until we
have set foot in Beijing and I think
this is what we're doing right now we
are we're on Chinese soil what we didn't
get in trouble written we brought the
ruckus in that one back on North China
we're back to to the connected world we
have internally just literally over my
final internet this is a bizarre feeling
of the 10 days off the grid whoa
it really was like that last scene in
Inception when the plane lands there oh
my god we just pulled that off
oh well Russian feelings gremlin
this is cool as our plane I can't
believe I've done this but however I've
given in and got a McDonald's I've only
got fries and a pineapple pineapple pie
I just you know we're good Feeny and
kimchi and Korean dude for like 10 days
straight so it's actually quite
refreshing even though this is super and
healthy
and now I'm wandering around I can get
another chinese Simplified because I
keep on buying them and then running out
data and I finally figure out how to top
them up again so for our last day in
China I'm gonna buy one more SIM card so
I can upload some gloves for you guys
because it's been a while although I
have seen that they have been uploading
and scheduled so thankfully my channel
hasn't just gone dark and they spoke
about hurry because everyone's waiting
for me bro what is going on is it today
well that was random
we better go up our buses arrived
alright this is the bottom
what's that hi you got arrow it's
supposedly a rude I don't know it's
purple that's weird
similarly this is from McDonald's guys
taro pie what is that
he's your dude he's just off yeah yes
boys this up in Beijing
we're crammed in a box because he's not
big enough for us well it's a lot of fun
we're lanes lying down there at the
pineapple pie and comfortable we are
back we're back in our Ibis Hotel in
Beijing we're pretty tired
I didn't sleep three hours I was
planning to sleep on the flight but
ended up meeting this really interesting
girl from North Korea who was like a
diplomat's daughter and she's studying
in Beijing and like I literally like
fascinated chatting to her the entire
flight and I think it was more
insightful than some of the
conversations I had whilst were in the
country but um yeah wow what a trip I
think that's one of the craziest like
travel experiences this loves ten days
and now we're just going to be having a
bit of an information overload in the
next couple of hours as we reconnect to
the world to the World Wide Web we're
just going to be like getting bombarded
by all the news or message different
people and it's gonna be crazy but it's
good to be back online
how you feeling life Wow crazy I'm tired
but we gotta edit all night tonight it's
gonna be fun yeah we got the music video
which is taking shape it's looking very
cool and then I've got my vlogs to catch
up on and I need to start uploading and
yeah all-nighter are we gonna get some
red balls ripple
right we've wandered down the road we're
heading in to dinner
wait wait okay we got this guy so guys
do you remember when we Dave were doing
the soul we world tour we stopped in
Shanghai and we met a local Chinese guy
they've come to hang out come to a
zombie jam called ray and he lives in
Beijing and he's coming hopefully coming
to dinner now to join us and then we're
maybe going to go on a bit an event of
an adventure after dinner around Beijing
sex be cool okay well we got our own
room we had a little were last night tea
meeting really cool just like reflecting
on the trip and encouraging each other
and yeah that's pretty awesome and now
ray is going to take us out Daniels
joining us we got Lane we've got penny
boards and we we're just gonna go out
for like an hour to hit the town we may
be gonna go to Tiananmen Square lanes
hasn't yet been our baby gonna be our
last name together last night but not
forever bro this is just this is just
the beginning this is the first
adventure of many
guys look how small the penny board is
to me I usually ride the nickel but I
donated my nickel to mr. Chung who's one
of our guides he really likes it
this is such a treat tonight guys I was
not expecting this this is art this is
so beautiful this reminds me of the when
we went to Singapore we went about the
kind of beautiful avatar kind of display
in the gardens kind of reminds me of
this that they kind of almost look
organic at the top there
we have stumbled upon an open-air
karaoke session
christena they've got any well-known
karaoke songs you gonna do one lane are
you gonna do maybe I don't know a lot I
don't I can beatbox I don't know a lot
of lyrics
if I hijacked these two guys and
electric bikes
yeah
skipping off a letter mopeds at midnight
in Beijing hi boy
what a great end to the trip
oh why did he just run into that fence
oh he's hurt himself for sure is he
drunk
I think lanes about to jump off the end
of this you're crazy bro I'm kind of sad
I didn't bring the booster board on this
trip but I don't think I'll be able to
get on the plane
that's Tiananmen Square on that what's
the history on Tiananmen again protests
it was nineteen
that's why this is the entrance to the
Forbidden City
and that is Chairman Mao pitch of
Chairman Mao front landing me and then
on the right here this is Tiananmen
Square last time I was here was in 2008
I am getting up at 8 a.m.
no actually we're leaving a and money
together like these 2012 7 pack my staff
and my flights at 11 flying back to
London we should have stayed longer but
I need to get back for some things I oh
yeah there's one thing I need show you
guys this is really cool so when I was
checking today like stuff in the news
like kind of media stuff and you know
things of things have happened what's
have been away kind of some crazy stuff
happen as well like we were just
watching some news broadcast about the
nuclear stuff that's been um like the
threats and the its kind of it started
before we left but like the threats of
nuclear war and all that between the
north and the south and america and
stuff but anyway it's impossible and
South Korea doing a little selfie
together it's like the gymnast and this
is for me really symbolic of like unity
and this is this is what we're all about
and this is what the trips been all
about is trying to find ways for unity
to prevail and for peace and yeah it's
going to be a long road ahead and if
there's any way that we can play a part
in supporting people from these nations
and then that's awesome if we can share
something like the surfing was a great
way to connect people so it's kind of
cool like seeing people from loads of
nations and then
music video collab we're like it's like
lame from the US I'm contributed
contributed a little bit from the UK and
then we've got like South Korea and he
was doing a bit of breakdancing Daniel
and then Miss Kim doing the vocals it
was a truly international collaboration
and I think it's probably the first of
its kind ever so yeah super excited I
think by the time this video goes out
the video the music video will be live
so if you haven't already check it out
a link it here and share it around
because it's pretty amazing that it
happened that we managed to pull it off
so sweet catching the morning peace l
enjoy life and live the adventure
