good morning guys it is bright and early
it's 6:00 a.m. and we've come down to
the beach for our second day of surf
school this is a time in the morning
like I rarely see so this is a new
experience for me here
I love him equality ready for the next
person
guys check out this blue starfish how
crazy is that place also
right we left the beach we've grabbed a
little bit of breakfast it's still
pretty early it's just on 8 a.m. now and
Lane is teaching some locals how to
skateboard
Oh Sees Gover
yeah yeah so lanes got a bunch of
skateboards that he's been trying to
give away but the culture here means
that they don't really accept gifts
often and because of the socialist
culture they often don't have things
that are personally there's that like
it's more about sharing and only things
as a community so it's difficult to give
individual a gift like a surfboard or a
skateboard but we're trying our best
Lane just handed one to a kid and then
we just around it'd be so cool he took
up skateboarding I'd be amazing
it'd be awesome we can make it he's like
a pro yeah would be surprised by so
talented then yeah that's one thing I
found about North Koreans or they just
pick up things so quickly I think
they've got a real knack for just what
just generally being very skillful it
lies so just a little bit of lunch lane
is now playing this Kim the track the
rough car the track that remains today
she is loving it she's hearing her
vocals for the first time mixed down
Lane's been trying to like beckon this
kid up to come and like have a go the
skateboard but he's super shy so we've
left us we've left the penny board over
there we just left it sitting on the on
the side there we're hoping they'll come
out and give it a little go crazy me an
interesting thing and earlier I gave her
a penny board to another kid that was
here and he was stoked and super excited
and then a man like rode by and said no
older you
oh yes we finally got some kids willing
to give it a go
I love them run up that's cool man you
can like spin yeah yeah I can't even do
that right
there's like
thank you for you for you yeah we've
left them a little gifts if they'll
accept it
yep yeah yeah your name
jang lee min lane louis very young women
nice to meet you
yeah do you wanna keep gonna keep it for
you thank you
we're about to do something quite funny
guys for the music video for our
track-laying that has put on a suit and
he's going to take a surfboard out we're
gonna record some of the some of his
verse sitting on a surfboard
dressed like this ha yeah
I think we got the shot guys we care
from getting told off by the security
here because we've wandered onto the
area of the beach that we're not allowed
in but he was pretty chill he let us do
our shots the problem is we're losing
the Sun because of it the sun's kind of
sitting over there so this whole air is
in the shade but we did it by thing to
be doing
guys there are massive blue jellyfish
out here me and lane just cruising
around from the boards and then like one
touch my foot and always like freaking
out and then uh there's another one
there and yeah we don't know how
dangerous a on their bright blue it
could be like the style of ones that you
need to go to hospital for so we're
going to try not get I try to put care
and stumble yeah you know the hospital
style oh my good the water's so warm
though this is lovely
great oh that was a lot of fun I'm ready
for food now we've got another beach
barbecue going on these Chili's are
super hot I think I'm going to avoid
these tonight but potatoes I'm all about
potatoes
well guys it's been another amazing day
pretty random today I actually fell
asleep for a few hours in the middle of
the day a little nap and I missed a
table tennis tournament that these guys
had with the tall guys that we with and
some of the locals and apparently is
pretty cool Lane what was the cool thing
to happen the best part was at the end
of ping pong the winners like all got
little things or whatever like little
Awards or whatever and we were all like
20 of us cheering for them and stuff and
then we just started getting random and
then still Riley brought in the cleaning
lady there at the hotel who cleaned the
room or whatever and we just waited for
her to get in and then we all freaked
out and cheered and like you know and he
gave her like some flowers and stuff and
you could tell she had never had
anything like that happened before and
she was just like amazed like she was
like about to cry and stuff it was just
super random but it was awesome yeah I
would that is how I would summarize a
lot of this trip super random but
awesome
and I think for me where we also just
had a little team meeting and we had
like we were sharing like the highlights
of our day and a lot of people just
saying it was these small interactions
with people like some of these moments
we had like when we saw in the in the
vlog earlier like a bunch of kids came
in and would like get excited about
using the surfboards and just those
moments like when midlane gave away or
tried to give away some of the
skateboards I think even though those
kids can necessarily keep the boards
because of the culture here and what was
explaining earlier I think um just the
the feeling of being gifted something
and given something and I don't know I
just think there's these little
breakthroughs with having and in
breaking down this barrier between our
culture's where you know they're just
not used to us we're not used to these
guys but coming in here with this
attitude of just wanting to love people
and connect with them yeah I just think
we're slowly making some progress and
it's it's been amazing and tomorrow
we're going to continue the surfing but
we're heading to a different hotel
apparently this other hotel is
incredible but I even heard tonight that
it might even be a six star hotel or
than a how true that is but we're going
to go and check it out I'm hoping there
might be some massage possibilities over
there but yeah could be it could be good
meeting some new people and continuing
the surfing hopefully we'll actually get
some surf tomorrow that's what I liked
before but but anyway we'll see you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
the
