good morning guys
it's day 8 of our North Korean trip the
little bit is a little bit more surface
so I'm hoping this afternoon off the
lunch we can go out and get up on the
boards so I've just had my mind blown a
little bit apparently we're going to be
able to get internet access to our
bedrooms I don't know how fast intense
going to be I don't know there's going
to be like restrictions whether I need
to use a VPN to get into Google and
stuff but we know one thing it's not
Wi-Fi yeah I think it's just a cable I
don't know we'll figure out I'd still
don't believe it until it happens I feel
like this is the first time in a week
that we've been able to just wander off
is usually we're having to stay pretty
close to the guides you know yeah
there's a lot of military patrolling
McCoy fanboy no way the real guys is
this what I think it is
I mean sure looks like it right that
it's illegal here I think is right well
that is a cool little spot up there I
think we found some little areas to do
some more the music video we need to get
a few more shots of Lane and Miss Kim
doing some lyrics I'm gonna get some
shots of me beatboxing and then we're
going to be cutting all together like
super fast different locations some
b-roll from some of the vlogs
it's gonna be nice just some casual
dining video
we're back from lunch might have a
little afternoon nap but before I do it
when I get the internet working and I
have bad news guys there's no Wi-Fi I
think the only way is through an
Ethernet cable and because I thought
there's going to be no internet you know
I left my Ethernet adapter in Beijing
with the rest of my stuff so this cannot
connect my laptop so I might know better
internet after all that it is finally
time to go surfing they're not big waves
but they are just about surfable
this is the exciting
Langer's caught his first ever wave
instead he's been surfing in Costa Rica
before and really found it hard but he
got
by
these guys found a few jellyfish check
these out it's a blue one this is the
one that we found in a sea yesterday it
doesn't sting here but these guys
probably sting and then a clear one look
at that we're saving the jellyfish
it's swim oh my gosh all the water did
it die no way good your life yeah do you
see that this swimmer is like starting
to swim a little bit yeah
wrong way bro haha that's so cool
like kind of like in the center - yeah
someone someone direct it
yeah we need to get a photo so it looks
pretty good yeah yeah yep yes right
there boom okay we're gonna do another
surfing ceremony Hawaiian ceremony at
this hotel we did one of the other one
the other day so we've got all these
leis and we're going to be presenting
them to the Korean tour guys that we
would have been lovely company and I've
just been amazing at surfing so yeah
all right we just climbed up this little
hill again and we're gonna shoot another
scene for the music video okay yeah man
oh yeah this looks sick did you go guys
some more ganja huh pretty sure this is
it's definitely some strain of it oh
yeah
it's such a beautiful sunset tonight
guys well ah it's just beautiful it's
been a great day today even though I've
been resting a lot of the day it's am
yeah the sea is just so warm this is
like my ideal sea temperature right now
it's dinnertime
happy birthday
Oh
you
it's been another great day surfing and
we've had a few little waves but I think
the main thing is that it's just being
for me so good to see the guys we came
out here with and the tall guys like
Miss Kim who on the first few days was
very professional and those is kind of
yeah this professional barrier and now
it's just super far than the you know
this water fights with splashing and
pushing each other over and I like
Damian with dreads over a face today I
just think it's great that we've really
everyone's loosened up and where we've
really built some good friendships with
these guys and I'm actually pretty keen
on coming back here at some way in the
future it'd be so good because there's
no way am I staying in touch and there's
no Facebook obviously no internet
there's not even emails or there's not
even an international number or text any
way of getting hold of people here so
I'm going to just have to come back and
hang out right we've got another very
early start tomorrow tomorrow I think so
last full day here surfing so I'm going
to make the most of it catch in the
morning
peace out enjoy life live adventure
