good morning guys we just checked out
the hotel to get on the bus today we are
leaving Pyongyang and we headed across
the country on an adventure before we
leave young yang we've stopped at
another monument this is the arch of
unification and it basically symbolizes
North and South Korea unifying which is
the dream basically is that the two
nations can settle their differences and
figure out a way to to reunite so I
think this is pretty amazing
pretty symbolic
so we've been driving for a couple of
hours
very bumpy roads I've I've managed to
sleep a little bit it's almost
impossible to edit on the rise but
credibly beautiful to the sound what
have you got here tom
oh I don't know that's like hardcore
snake stuff
what ah that's a really thank you what
oh my god there's a snake in a jar is
thats like snake alcohol
that is crazy man
alright we're going on a hunt for coffee
oh yeah coffee and tea
Lane's written some lyric for the tune
we're making
in the DPRK
this is a library we do
a tradesman
jamika German late
Deena still lucid Nick
your party is loving it - love that
thank you
kids
Oh
why we've started sometimes our apps and
lunch with
I've been asleep yes kimchi you've been
served up a banquet there's so much
going on here there's like it's like the
fish turned inside out
there's tofu and pork which was almost
what we needed then they brought out the
tofu mushrooms seaweed cabbage some
crazy other soup which I have no idea
wasn't it taste a bit strange and yeah
proper hot tea cheers Cheers Riley
cheers tom yo Cheers
alright we've arrived at our beach
resort that was a long day of driving I
actually slept through most of it
I'm feeling pretty refreshed little bit
achy because it was very very bumpy so
we are here now we're just going to find
out which village we're staying in this
is pretty cool
I cannot wait to jump in the sea
yes bright right we've got power over
there got power
they're the worst shoes ever Oh what's
going on there I'm not sure whoa we know
I don't know what's going on like I
literally don't know it is this a shower
guys so we we are so confused right now
I just birth it this is hot water and
hair dry it won't visit what won't grow
there's a heating element oh but I think
I think this is broken and I think
they've just been heating the water up
here with that heating element and then
you have to use it's bucket at the
shower so when you're trying to tell me
right now is it we're not gonna shower
for the next week that's pretty much
from telling it oh those is full as well
have you seen this you seen it written
to me yes that's all nothing that's the
hot water we're just trying to it's in a
bucket but is is if you could just help
us to understand what we're seeing us
cold water why are our bathtubs for the
cold water it wait is the only half for
this week
oh that's why I remember zero pump
there's no water running water ha ha so
they give matter this is a
oh no way being lena going to go and
check out the beach situation literally
right by our little apartment yeah this
is out-of-bounds military area over
there the rocks at the sand sounds all
good what we're hoping for the next
couple of days is waves you can't reset
without waves and at the moment the sea
is very still but in the next two or
three days if we can get some waves
coming in then get some surfing going
get some of the local surfing and yeah
build some connections with people here
i think when you ought you've got an
activity like surfing or skating it's a
great way to connect with someone
especially when there's a language
barrier so that's the idea me and lane
haven't got wetsuits and neither us are
a big fan of cold water so hoping this
is pretty warm if not we might need to
try and find some wetsuit somewhere
that's a little bit
it's yeah bro it's like you go right
that's all right it's definitely not
something you think of when you think of
North Korea is going to the beach but
here we are
I wonder how many Western tourists have
been to the beach to North Korea because
this is like off off the tourist track
this is like not where you go when you
come on the cause okay yeah we've made
some new friends these girls are joining
us for the next few days
hey this is PAC ah dinner is served
can I sit here Tom back from dinner we
had a little team meeting just
explaining the plan for tomorrow
basically we're gonna try and do some
surf lessons even though it's probably
going to be no surf tomorrow according
to the weather forecast but we're going
to do some fun games anyway like I was
saying earlier just ways to connect to
the locals and some of the guys that
have come the whole purpose of us being
here is just connect and love people in
North Korea and trying to make a bit of
a bridge you know and and support this
this organization they're doing surf
stuff but yes Ben
my brain is still kind of fried that
we're even here I keep having to remind
myself I'm in North Korea and yeah it's
mad something that's cool today I don't
know this is totally accurate boys
chanting some of the new guides that
have come along and they said if I want
to invite him to London so I don't
really know that what the deal is with
like where North Koreans can visit I
know it's a difficult for some people to
get into the country and you know so I
just wondered whether they can visit
everywhere and they were saying that I
could invite into London if I wanted to
and so I'm thinking yeah I could invite
a bunch of North Koreans to London and
like host and Oprah
who wouldn't say I don't know if that's
a possibility I'm gonna look into that
but yeah we're gonna we're going to
crash out in our cool little room I
think we're going to avoid the whole
weird shower situation for the moment
maybe in a couple of days we can really
- I just want to show you this as a spy
- little crazy insect thing down here
what is that
see you like poisonous on me I'm hoping
he eats mosquitoes that I'd be helpful
anyway we will catch you in the morning
for our Forgotten days again thing is
day number six tomorrow maybe who knows
who knows you know peace out enjoy life
a little venture but
