good morning guys is day three of our
North Korean trip and then laying a hand
off some breakfast
blame his mates beats was he's here on
his phone
I just sampled Louie doing or beatboxing
day Sigma and we've been sampling some
of the local instruments or having like
having our performances at dinnertime
and Sampson I'm looking forward to some
of these fees can be sick all right
let's go find coffee good morning
everyone
so unfortunately guys is very rainy
today which means some of our plans are
foiled we can't go to the skate park
because obviously you can't skate in the
rain but we have arrived at the grand
study house that we saw up in distance
yesterday and we're going to head in
it's like a massive library where a
bunch of people study how many how many
books are here 30 million books are in
his library
so just been told that as well as the 30
million books here there's an intranet
where they've selected certain data from
the internet and put it on an internal
essentially like an internal Internet
for North Korea and then people can
access that data and learn stuff this is
where they order books they speak to
this lady she enters it in the system
and this is the conveyor belt that the
books come out of look what they have
they have a Harry Potter yeah in their
library yeah
that's so cool this guy's been studying
too hard here's out look at him
we're sneaking into a class guys I don't
know what version of Windows this is it
looks like Windows 95 yeah
check all the ghetto blasters
wieners by Jack the roof they are very
confused
they are very confused are you enjoying
today Lane what trip we just had a conga
tree in the main library in Pyongyang
what would you give that has never been
done before
next stop on the tour today is the War
Museum this is going to be interesting
the first section we walk into is
captured vehicles so I guess this is US
military vehicles that were captured in
the 50s during the Korean War see this
type vehicle over here guys this is like
an an aquatic bus I've been thinking
about buying one of these it's really
interesting going to a war museum of an
opposing force that we from what we were
fighting back then so it's like seeing
their perspective on it all you must
catch a fiber first five respond much hi
Wow the u.s. is spying in 2004 that's a
bit naughty this next part of the tour
from what I understand is a US military
ship that was captured I've actually
seen this in other documentaries about
North Korea this is he was the one a
tell despite capture the spy she
captured it yeah oh hello here real hero
well done yeah getting some selfie let's
give them a big clap I love the way
congratulating him on capturing a u.s.
warship so this you will still in 1944
and used as a transfer ship for US Army
and in 1966
he was modified as an anti-fashion
infested
this is pueblos around the spaceship of
disgust aggressive forces captured by
the semen of the Korean People's Army on
January 23rd 1968 these are the criminal
career below they were 83 including six
officers
ah look at this well that looks like
what the automatic weapon there
which one's the guy from outside isn't
there yeah this guy third one that's the
guy we met outside yes bro
I mean how fascinating this very
personally
it's the operations room a recording
studio so here try the first hi sport
stranger from CIA wins and 32-year night
and spied intercepted the sacred of
participate in army it's just the whole
way I'm gonna run the other side and
then this pictures are sure you didn't
deal with me we smell the altarpiece
covered hello
I got you I just I just poked my head
out this put poor energy I made a jump
oh that's totally scared be going hi
this is a sticker for
well we've just been inside the war
museum I wasn't allowed to film anything
but it was it was pretty full-on
actually there's a lot of historical
stuff some of it was kind of the
complete opposite to what I know to be
history and what I've learned when I was
in South Korea so yes hard to know what
the facts are I think I'm going to do a
lot of research when I get back and I've
got internet access I want to find out
so the next location on our tour is the
first place that President Kim il-sung
who is the grandfather of the current
leader of North Korea this is a very
listen to that the Kimmel son is a guy
on the left of the pin and this is where
he was born and grew up in this house
we're about to go and have a look we've
got some of the family's original
farming instruments this made noodles
that is cool that is very cool in
summertime are presenting a song used to
say they're savvy and have a red
cool hi I'd like to study in there oh
yes cooking all the noodles in there
kicking up the kimchi so the picture in
the middle is the presidency missile
when you were 13 years old the Paris of
the presidency mid-song or the anti
Japanese fighters as well so during the
period of the ng justness trouble his
father passed away at the age of thirty
three years old the children point yeah
because of the severe torture by the
Japanese police it's amazing that the
current families that are leading this
country with such prestige and I guess
worship nationwide started from such
humble beginnings of being rebel freedom
fighters against the Japanese
we're listening to lanes crack that he's
making you working on this today Miss
Kim is writing some lyrics she's gonna
sing on it you're gonna come in right
here
all right
we have arrived at the Star Trek Academy
Miss Kim was this building Science and
Technology complex
they have very comfortable chairs here
this area is like a interactive Science
Museum as a bunch of cool things going
on we just spotted this this is I think
this is a legit gun and you shoot the
you shoot different elements and then
they come up on here
then work we are children sir this is
well it's finally that time let's go to
the skate park I'm actually exhausted
not that I can ride in scape off anyway
but I think I'm just gonna chill film
these guys and do the little snap I did
have a chocolate bar in the science
place but yeah
so this is skateboarding in North Korea
well all these incredibly talented
skaters that make me very jealous that I
didn't spend years of my childhood
learning how to skate
yeah
it has been an incredibly long day I am
exhausted me and lane did just go and
check out the swimming pool area and it
reminded me a little bit of Japan when I
went like the onsen so they've got his
like massive pools of hot water
basically a giant hot tub so we just
children there had a good old catch up
and yeah we had was straight back into
it tomorrow I thought we were going to
the school today but we're actually
going tomorrow now if the plans sticks
as it is but I am yeah I'm excited this
is tomorrow's our last day in Pyongyang
and then we're out into the countryside
we're going to the coast to do some
surfing in the sea and I think it's all
going to change like a saying earlier
but I am yeah this is this is one of the
most I'm going to say this is the most
interesting travel experience I've ever
had
and everyday and it's just fascinating
lots of questions lots of great
conversations and yeah making some
friends this is this is fun see you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
