good morning guys I think it's day four
we're trying to figure out I think it's
day four of our North Korea turret and
from here or now it's gonna get a little
bit more interesting I mean it's looking
pretty interesting already but we're now
venturing beyond where the normal kind
of tourism groups go today we're
visiting a school we're going to be
having some fun activities with them
it's raining again unfortunately so I
think the skateboarding that was planned
on having it up game Louie we're gonna
borrow look this isn't straight weather
we're gonna skim board then okay but
we've got guitars we've got some dancing
it's gonna be fun maybe lanes gonna do
some music gonna do some music oops oh
and late later on we're going to work on
this track that lanes be doing we're
gonna record some clips from music video
we're making out here yeah it's a pretty
cool and miss kill and yeah we're gonna
get one in the dprk who gonna kept miss
Kim he's one of the guys and she's gonna
sing a little oak or a little chorus in
the Sun this is what we good
this school has especially talented
students and I've just shown us that
over the years five of their students
have won the international maths
Olympics
check this out three years ago this kid
came number one first in the world yes
bro and he's the happiest kid here as
well oh look at that smile we're
sneaking into the back of a class
everyone has these three maybe yeah
um when I was young my dream was to
travel around the world and to new
performance culture so I think that was
quite a rare opportunity we had to
interact with the kids in there a little
bit unfortunately we can do the music
performance and the dancing I think they
had to crack them with their studying
but we had a little Q&A time and I don't
know you could really hear it's quite
loud in there but yeah it's amazing
hearing some of the kids ask questions
like what was your dream and just yeah
just really interested about the travel
time to get here and about our families
and stuff so yeah that was cool that was
special very special
so when we landed a couple of days ago I
was chatting to a guy who said there is
a way to get internet out here he said
you can buy SIM cards with data and then
if you have a VPN like I was using in
China you can actually get full internet
access but it's just very slow so I
asked about getting a SIM card and
taking a few days for our horse
passports to get back from the
government because they had to send them
off and we've just tucked in and we've
been told for $40 you can get SIM card
that allows a 3-minute call to the US
and for $200 I can get SIM cards with 50
megabytes of data it probably isn't
worth it so I'm just going to hang on
the extra week or so until we can get
internet again reason we are now going
into the Pyongyang metro this is their
way the 70s I think and it's uh yeah
this is gonna be cool
I think this might be one of the longest
escalator ever since
yes let's go retro these train cars are
boy these are retro yeah straight retro
fifties well here we go
just walked into a souvenir shop
and we found these are instruments that
the girl was playing on the first night
here it's called a guy ogoun I'm gonna
give it a little go there wobble we just
recorded a little sample for the song
did we get it like dude Louie just
played the guy ago and smashed
yeah goodbye
another fun lunch performance so it's
stopped by a local supermarket yes it is
and maybe some snacks and presents for
some of the kids were going to see this
week
but you can't use Chinese or American
currency here like we have been other
places we're gonna have to exchange it
with a local North Korean currency which
we're not actually allowed to be using
but we can use water and air and then we
have been exchange it back again by the
time we leave store this is what North
Korean currency looks like got a big
reward here this is worth I don't know
maybe like $30 we throw not shopping in
the bus and now we're going to skate
down to another skate pogchamp air
somewhere hopefully our friend something
us yeah we're in the shop we did any
minutes we did have some people
following us I don't know whether
they're over here somewhere
yes sir scared
she's got this we've now driven to the
grandchildren's palette where apparently
we're gonna see some very very talented
kid
all right
it's guitar Club and they're not messing
around
Oh
those kids were unbelievable especially
that little boy guitar with like twice
the size remember killing it has Luke
Illya
we're heading into a performance stage
already started
Karsen from our group is donating the
school the ukulele so you're gonna go to
this young whoa she is stocked up life
stop oh she's so she had us
she's going to have no teeth left
literally zero teeth left well guys that
was mind-blowing
those kids have such insane talent and
yeah I just can't even begin to fathom
how much I need to rehearse to to that
kind of level of perfection is like what
I saying the other day I think the whole
culture has this perfectionist mentality
and one of the great things about that
is it's quite common for people to
affect a skill like that and I think the
culture I'm growing up in there's not a
lot of people that perfects skills like
that and I kind of wish I had that
discipline as a kid to learn that stuff
before dinner we've come down to the new
scientists tree they built this in less
than a year
all of these skyscrapers check these now
that is that is kind of hard to believe
but it's true that it's true so we've
just been asking some questions about
the systems here and how it works
learning some pretty cool things
basically in North Korea the wage isn't
set by I guess the academic ability of a
job but by how hard the job is so he was
saying the people that Street the sweep
the streets actually get paid more than
the teachers he didn't go into exact
salaries and stuff but he said the
housing food health care and education
is all provided and in the holidays they
even provide the population with
clothing and shoes and stuff so it's
just really fascinating learning about
the culture here and how the how the
system works
Stevie over here the guitar man is
leaving tomorrow honor all right but
Stevie just want to say thank you for
coming can you guys go hard and go big
all that and trust that you're here for
the best possible time best possible
season that there never could be
industry
do you serve me
well we're back at the hotel there's
been a lot to take in I try to capture
it as best as I can to show you guys
it's going to take me a few more days to
process a lot of the the culture here
it's a bit of a culture shock basically
because there's quite you know it's
quite disconnected from the rest of the
world I think there's some ways that
it's advanced in its kind of own in
North Korea's own style which i think is
fascinating so yeah lots to think about
and and tomorrow like I was saying this
morning tomorrow we're actually leaving
Pyongyang and seeing another part of the
country which is going to be very
different we're almost halfway through
our trip but I cannot wait to hit the
coast hurt hopefully we'll get some surf
and I'll be able to learn to surf a bit
better and meet some more locals and
yeah just continue exploring this
amazing country I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure up
