good morning guys
welcome to Beijing I just did an
overnight flight from London and I'm
feeling alright we've got a couple of
hours sleep managed to get a bit
breakfast even I've slept through
breakfast because I found a banana I
some guys see on my way out I'm gonna
head to my hotel now and find out what
plan is I'm meeting up with a bunch of
other guys if you haven't me following
my vlogs in a couple of days time
I'm flying from here to North Korea to
start what could be one of the biggest
adventures I've ever had guys can I just
say how epic this Airport is look at
this architecture
we've been to the hotel
we've met most the team and now me and
Lane Adam and Josephine are heading to
the Great Wall of China because we're
here until tomorrow we're heading off to
North Korea tomorrow so we thought let's
make the most of EXO guys this is an
article from two hours ago North Korea
said the u.s. is crushed red line
declared war I don't really know what
this meetings but that is the first time
they've said that I know there's always
tension but I think it's a bit more
tension than usual so that's interesting
hearing that the day before we fly in
and the only person I think that leads
the way we have arrived
we're going for a little bit of a walk
mouth to get to the entrance me Elena
for skateboards penny board penny board
I've got my nickel
so I haven't told you a lot today guys
about the plan basically there's two
organizations we're out here with one is
surfing the nation's and the others read
nature ride nature that's how I found
out about this trip lanes done some
trips with them before he I think posted
a Facebook state is a few months ago
saying who wants to come to North Korea
I was like yes a hundred let's do it
so the crazy but let's do it they were
leaving tomorrow I think I flight it's
about 2 p.m.
Pyongyang and like I said we're making
the most of our time in Beijing safer
we're going in this little cable car up
the top of the Great Wall now I like to
bargain look so yeah and see this down
here this is this is like a toboggan run
oh you can see some people down there
now I don't ever you can see down there
I don't think this is a swap bro this is
seriously steep and it's like 30 degrees
we just found this little perch on the
edge yeah like I said the visibility
isn't great today but there she is
the Great Wall oh this is that spot you
know when I was here in 2008 we actually
found a guy who knew a secret way to
part of the untapped part of all which
hadn't been renovated for tourists to go
on and we actually got topped off I
think like five miles from this section
and we walked all of this totally
overgrown part of the wall so this is
the beginning of it and we can't
actually get access from here but yeah
this carries on for thousands of miles
apparently just pretty insane we're in
business their victim wall continues
yeah yeah but you can't get around up
there right
oh right we found this little window
that leads them to this ledge which
seems to go into a section of the wall
which people aren't really walking on
but there's no signs anywhere saying we
can't do it so I think we're gonna go
for a little explore bro this is so much
better without tourists we made it we've
got the whole squad up here we've got a
few people watching their homes Lee's
not gonna tell on us yeah this is what
I'm telling you this is what they should
have but for the main tourist section
it's so much more legit dunno mean like
you feel like you're actually
experiencing a part of history in this
section yeah this is properly off the
beaten track totally overgrown she's
like crazy over two grains net
this just keeps going it's all hidden
guys we just heard some guy shouting
from over there and we're thinking maybe
he saw us we've been standing on the
tower so probably very visible and I
just hope we haven't got in too much
trouble you know just a little slap on
the wrist no we did yeah we didn't we
didn't know we don't understand yes high
five we made it guys I've just pulled up
Wikipedia you are not gonna believe this
the Great Wall of China in total with
all of its branches is over 13,000 miles
long so if we if we tried to do an
expedition one day and try to walk the
whole length of the wall let's do it it
would take us years
oh my gosh
nuts here's some more facts for you guys
it was built over 2,000 years ago we
calculated that distance I told you is
like stretching halfway around the world
if you laid it out and to end and
someone's estimate how many bricks were
used three billion eight hundred and
seventy three million individual bricks
to build the whole world that is crazy
200 BC excited I'm guessing it took
centuries to build a couple years
oh hello hello
Nihao alright this is the way we came up
guys on this cable car and this is the
way we're going down yeah
hey what's going on line you're gonna do
it do it right okay Jim go yeah no hi
you said yeah yeah you're going oh you
ready are you ready for this part you
ready here we go
okay okay back on quick let's go I wrote
it I wrote it that was awesome I know
seriously parsley sure that was
seriously this you're good hey I
went full dickerson you dude oh I got
some serious good burning huh guys that
was that was intense
that's the most intense tobogganing of
evidence
time to head back to Beijing
we've had a shower got change freshen up
because we were like very sweaty like
very surly like very empty now now we're
gonna go and try and fund the rest of
the team to be let with team meeting
this is our first team meeting but we
can't find where we're try 200 we wow
this room sorry this definitely wasn't
written 200 this is room 3242 yeah so my
name is Gabe I'm from originally Maui
yeah I expect I expect you all to have
an amazing opportunity to experience the
country that not a lot of people get to
experience why do we have a anti-north
Korean mindset in the media well the
media is addicted to conflict if I
couldn't even call it a news media I
call it entertainment news media because
that's really what it's about it's about
having one side against the other side
and that's why I don't watch the news
anymore it's just ridiculous and so you
have to have one side and that one side
in this particular case is you know
North Korea doing all they focus on the
nuclear issue
on human rights issues and not to say
that those issues aren't important but
there's a much bigger picture of what's
going on at North Korea and they do it
more
we've gone from quiet long briefing
being to dinner together
it's like family-style dinner I've got
some spicy Thai food I reach I'm quite
excited about it's still cooking the
cloud
oh right we are back in our hotel after
pretty awesome day it's pretty good them
they're lame it was all today we had
some adventures on the great now we've
done some team for our team meeting I
know a lot so yeah that's right and
tomorrow's the day with him enough so
this is the last vlog before I head of
North Korea I will be hopefully vlogging
every day so I'll be able to upload all
of the vlogs from North Korea when I get
back probably trying to upload them like
two a day and yeah it's gonna be amazing
it's gonna be exciting
I'll catch you guys then peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
