good morning guys today is the day that
we fly to North Korea for the whole team
they've got their surfboards all our
bags and we're about
breaks away tada you
we've got like the 4-hour briefing
yesterday about everything but I still
don't really know what to expect and
- nervous have ever been going into 102
players in North Korea baby this is a
lots of fun we basically come to the
airport like two hours early so we are
just skating around Beijing it I'm
basically the most amateur skater here I
can cruise up and down that's it no
tricks
we got in trouble looks like these guys
aren't too happy
haha
sighs it's the squeaky shoes
all the bags been checked in I've got
our tickets
guys this is making it feel more more
real Beijing to Pyongyang that is the
capital of North Korea how do you feel
right on you think the only how'd you
feel I don't know but right now we gotta
stop talking about things that we should
stir them now yeah there's a little guy
range around I think our flights
boarding this is it relief in China oh
man good I guess reward they're raised
boarded Hey
thank you thank you
right so we're just collecting all our
bags off the luggage belt and then we
need to go through security this is
where they're going to be potentially
searching us quite thoroughly we had to
clear everything we had like declare
have my laptop how many cameras and
everything on this little four but so
far so good
they wouldn't stamp my passports with
their North Korean stamps or something
bro we're here we're here
oh I just can't believe we're here
already bought some snacks got some
jaffa cakes that went well
yeah well soon we didn't even have to
take our shoes off the security come on
bro yesterday okay they did go through
our stuff they took our phones of us
they are they like went through with the
electronics ask what things want why
they like to search on my phone that's
about it it's good so this is our main
guide for the trip his name is Trey from
Jung airport since what new one was open
to power 2014
ha ha
Sumida
my go double deckers out here we have
arrived in Pyongyang the capital of
North Korea and we are going to get some
food right there restaurant we learned
it quite interesting journey here just
like looking at the look another country
for the first night I am just buzzing
being here this is um this is surreal it
it was interesting by I guess it's one
of the countries that's like you know
the least about it there's not a lot
learned about this trick here we go
we've got a little banquet going on one
of the first traditional Korean dishes
has come out this is kimchi
this is pickled cabbage this is
something I may need to get used to over
the next ten days and these are
dumplings right this is green bean
pancake well we're going here I don't
know what this is look at this like
fried something already than others so
the waitresses that just served on me or
about a little traditional performance
for us
yes life
Lane's going to lay down some beatboxing
Oh God
all right okay so head into the hotel
now really now is off so that was good
fun than that
you wanna go
yeah yeah boy the first skate let's
start yeah yeah the bellboy went on a
skateboard right yeah
Wow so our hotel has over a thousand
rooms it's 43 floors high we're staying
at 35th floor and apparently there's a
swimming pool a bowling alley ping pong
and massage here
yes ha I'm talking about such 100% this
is our North Korean rim tour why this is
all right you know yay yeah hey hey got
a little work area get a mini-fridge
better view we've got a bit of movie
well can we get out of here what oh what
Oh guys look at this view we're just
over the river so I'm going to get some
editing done from today and my plan is
I'm going to edit as usual even though
we humble Internet so I can't upload and
then when I get back I'm just going to
like bulk upload like to a day just
catch up with myself so that's the plan
we've got a pretty busy schedule over
the next 10 days
tomorrow we are heading to see the main
square like the main statues of the
leaders and then we're going to a church
thing and then we're going to go to a
water park and then maybe if we've still
got energy we're going to go to a
fairground in the evening I think that's
the itinerary and but yeah it's been
quite an amazing experience so far I'm
still it's still kind of like um it's
like what's the word sinking in it's
still sinking in that we're here
and it still doesn't quite compute
because I guess for so many years I've
seen this country as somewhere that I'll
probably never get to visit so it's very
exciting and it's slightly different
than I thought actually people are way
more friendlier smiley are got a sense
of humor and I'd say that when I went to
Cuba that actually felt more kind of
frozen in time than it does here as we
were driving in she showed us this whole
new street that has been built and which
actually kind of reminds me a little bit
of Dubai they've got like a bunch of
skyscrapers they built in a year so
looks like there's a lot of development
going on here and yeah I'm excited to
meet people and see what's going on and
obviously I can only share and show you
guys what we're getting shown and there
may be a whole other side to different
things that we're not getting to explore
here but that's the same in a lot of
countries I visit so I'm just going to
focus on yeah the really cool things we
see and the positive stuff and the
friendships we make of people and yeah
the surfing and the cool things we get
to do so I'm really looking forward to
this and one last little note it might
be like here it might be listening right
now so if you're listening you listening
good job
I love the country so far great place
I'm happy to be here right catching the
warning guys peace out into a life and
live the adventure the
