good morning guys with back and Cape
Town after an epic trip away it was so
much fun but the fun doesn't stop there
we have a very exciting day planned
today today's vlog is sponsored by
Google pixel book and I'm gonna be
testing this out today trying out some
of the features and letting you guys
know what I think one of the things I'm
really excited to try is editing
instagrams on the go with a light or a
map and the touch screen and then
uploading straight to Instagram but in
order to do that we need to go out and
Instagram mission so we've planned a
pretty epic morning we're going to go up
in the helicopter flight again this time
that me and Ray are going to get to ride
with the doors off hanging out I'm going
to try with my 360 camera to get some
cool shots and then we'll come back and
have a go at editing them the other
thing is we're testing is the battery
life which is apparently pretty amazing
so it's at 100% this morning and we'll
see how long it lasts ok as you can see
guys to start of the day 100% just under
six hours left and see how we get on
right we've arrived
exciting news guys we were just told
that we're gonna be able to fly all the
way down to Cape Point and it's gonna be
like an hour return flight which is
really exciting because when we went the
other week we just flew across to
Constantia and then back again but this
is gonna be a much longer flight with
some more epic views hopefully
yeah okay yeah all right yeah
they're Goulet terrain that looks like
desolate grader that was just massive
boy yeah
Muizenberg
that was incredible that's really
incredible
oh my god the helicopters being so close
to each other we started as a gang to
hover above a point was like amazing
firstly showing the guys the 360 video
so good
right way back from the helicopter right
I'm gonna go down and get coffee now on
my boosted board and we're lam quite
editing some photos this coffee place
does rosetta coffee which is one of the
best coffees in Cape Town
okay I'm gonna kill for a little bit
have my coffee and trying to edit some
of these photos on the pixel worker so
guys one of the accessories I've got for
the pixel book is the pixel book stylus
which I can use with the touch screen to
be more accurate I'm also going to show
you the different modes you can use
their pixel grip in so you've got the
laptop modes then you've got tablet mode
which flip across and then I think this
is called entertainment mode and then to
spill my coffee and then this is tent
mode so this is so much better for me
than using my phone I feel like the
phone screen is too small to edit photos
and then for me using the touchscreen a
stylus will be a completely different
experience to editing on my laptop right
in those shadows oh yeah
alright guys I'm pretty happy with this
image so I'm gonna save this out so I
just opened up the Instagram it's pretty
amazing fullscreen pulled in the image
look at that it's totally optional I can
literally post right from here this is a
much cooler experience and looking at
Instagram on my phone look at that oh my
gosh this is coal is very cool
so as we arrived last night rious
spotted this little crazy golf course
across the road and we've decided to
walk over and see if we can play a few
games I'm terrible at golf and at crazy
God would call it mini golf okay
mini golf crazy golf anyway we're gonna
have a little go it's gonna be fun don't
know if it's gonna be quite Spanish this
morning
how cool is the helicopter this morning
yeah you're in the back I feel like it
is windy or in the back just choosing
our putters there's different heights as
you as the same way is mine what's your
confidence level act
this looks way easier than that was so
always the hole-in-one oh my god
that's the closes in yet
what
oh okay new challenge I have to hit it
through riders legs into the hole
no kicking okay no kidding
and get it
deep for this inhale
: tea
before they go through with it
guys I've barely used my booster board
whilst being in Cape Town I'm gonna make
up for over the next couple of weeks
before we head back and yeah I can't
think of a better place to ride than on
this like sea front walkway as the Sun
is saying Golden Hour this is just this
is like prime a boosted boarding area
how practical is that my climb down must
be a walkway of something ah look at
this that's the stairs right there
there's something so nice about being
over this side of the mountain you get
so much more daylight where we were
staying before and Clairmont like the
Sun dips behind the mountain are like
four or five but this is so good
yeah
don't ever pick the best place to do a
time lapse these waves are getting
pretty Larry
cuz I just got please soaked go into the
waves one incredible sunset and look at
the pink clouds guys I just popped oh
this is insane
so there's a lot of you know one of the
reasons I'm down in Cape Town for so
long is that I'm working on the
documentary Beyond Borders which me and
JP filmed last year flying around the
world and I've teamed up with an editor
out here who's helping me compile it all
together and then me and JP and the film
sections of narration and we're gonna
weave the whole storyline together now
I've been filming a lot of sit down kind
of filmed narration points which are
kind of more me just thinking of the top
of my head and recalling things and
talking from the heart but there are
moments where I'm gonna need to script
certain parts just to fit them in and to
get them up as articulate as possible so
the next thing I'm gonna try and do with
a pixel book today is I'm going to try
and do some speech to text narration
with Google assistant so I've been using
speech recognition software for years
now probably 15 years ago is the first
time I tried it obviously it's a lot
better now than it was then and this is
the perfect situation to use it and to
speak off the top of my head and then to
try and edit so I'm gonna sit back flip
the tablet mode and I'm gonna narrate my
life story which is one of the things we
need to fit intro the film so I'm just
gonna hit record button here I really
felt that creativity flourished in my
family and when I was about 13 my dad
and me painted my entire bedroom as a
jungle and it was pretty incredible we
had trees in there and murals all over
the wall we built a waterfall which ran
down into a fish tank and I basically
lived in a fantasy bedroom and now
instead of typing in tablet mode I can
switch back to laptop
I can edit some of this and change some
of it around its arisal enough that
evening she's about to write back any
minute and we're gonna eat dinner and
watch Netflix unlike normal laptops when
you go to Netflix on the pixel book you
can actually download shows that store
them on the pixel book which is really
cool for me because when I'm flying and
especially out of Cape Town a lot of the
long-haul flights like a BA and stuff
don't have power so I'm gonna be taking
the pixel book and all my travels now
just so I can access all my downloaded
Netflix shows and with the incredible
battery life it means I'm the long-haul
flights I can just watch movies edit
photos and I don't worry about it
running out okay right what show are we
about to watch so we were watching
scandal for like months now and there
was a little crossover recently with how
to get away with murder which I've seen
a little bit but you haven't yet so
we're gonna start it from the beginning
yeah episode 1 let's do this so it's
almost 1 a.m. still 6 percent battery
life 20 minutes left I'm really
impressed and I think it's time for me
to go to bed it's been an incredible day
guys I hope you've enjoyed me showing
you some of the features of the Google
pixel book I'm definitely gonna add it
to my repertoire of technology I carry
around with me and yeah we've got a
couple more weeks in Cape Town lots of
adventures still to come and I'll catch
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia venture
