hey guys today me and Ray are doing a
little Q&A would be fun so I tweeted out
asking for you to send us some questions
we're gonna enlighten you about our
lives and opinions and hopefully thank
you for the video okay I'd say you guys
explore a lot so what would be your
perfect low-key weekend to be honest the
weekend we've just had it's been pretty
perfect we've stayed in this little air
B&B we found it was yeah this little
cottage not totally remote out of the
country so I'd like close enough for us
to be things but it's been super nice
but it's got a little walks and escape
yeah I'd say nature TV shows
just chill time just like nothing to do
I think when you do what we do we don't
like you don't stop work at 5:00 you
know it's just always going so just like
shutting off and just slowing life down
yeah if you could change the world what
would you change if I could change the
world I think it boils down to greed for
me that if we could somehow eradicate
the tendency to of greed and I think
some cultures have done it I think
there's some cultures which are way more
peaceful way more selfless and don't
have this like like rat race that
they're trying to achieve and like get
all the money and have power over people
I think it is there's a way of like
resetting and reeducate
I think it would take generations but
I'd love to to work on society a bit
more I think we get to focus and other
stuff but I think at the end of the day
it's if people's hearts change then that
will ripple on and affect the rest of
the everything is happening like the
environment and
how we want to move forward as
civilization
I just think society is currently
telling us that success means financial
success having money big house cars
whatever like a high position in a job
and what society needs to be teaching us
as that success means having a loving
community and like touching people's
hearts and if people thought okay well I
need my legacy to be like leaving love
in people's hearts and making the
world's better and versus I need to make
as much money as possible like if that
was cool and successful then everything
would get fixed you know sunrise or
sunset 100% of sunset no doubt this
pretty sunrise is but it's not worth it
for me
yeah I agree the worst is when you wake
up early and the sunrise isn't good cuz
you're like I literally cut my sleep in
half to see this it wasn't good but if
it is good then I think it's more
magical just because you're usually like
one of the only people awake and the
whole world is quiet and it's the start
of a day so it's like it's amazing if it
happens but I don't think it's realistic
for it to happen you do a couple of
sunrises a year yeah but it's for
usually because you've stayed up all
night not because he broken up what are
both of your favorite movies
do you have one I know this is kind of
cheesy I don't even know if you've seen
it but the matrix is probably a lot of
people say to say that and it's what the
matrix yeah yeah no I think because of
what it represents and how cool it is
and at the time when it came out it was
like revolutionaries movie I've got to
say I'm gonna say avatar or Love
Actually
I mean avatar portrays the same ideas
but in a much more cinematic what's the
country with the best food wait let's
guess each other's okay I'm gonna guess
Italy for you
yeah Italy in Mexico okay hurry
Karif every meal please yes thank you
you're both inspirational character
she's thousands of people who inspired
you both thank you who inspired us
I think there's been people in my life
that have many people watch my draw my
life there's like being individuals that
have inspired me I think I think my
friend Rob is one of them and the reason
being he just made me want to question
everything and made me realize that the
way I'd been taught the things I've been
taught about life weren't necessarily
true so it was almost like he showed me
some things about society and culture
that I just took for granted and thought
that's just the way things were showed
me actually this is a different way of
looking at it and then I was like oh my
gosh maybe I need to question everything
and that is that has actually put in
motion things that led me to where I am
now so yeah I'd say question everything
in a good way I would say obviously a
lot of people but my family may leave my
parents moving to America and seeing how
much they gave up and how hard they've
worked has totally inspired me
- like when I was in school to get good
grades and to work hard and to not like
drink and do drugs and just kind of make
the most out of my life there's this
quote I read that's like my mom worked
too hard for me not to be great and I
would say my mom and dad I mean my whole
family general but especially then just
worked way too hard for me not to be
great and like make something great out
of my life
can you adopt a road dog I want to so
badly you know how many times we're like
like in this cabin we're like how could
it be pretty said a dog right now
yeah she's slowly being like yeah she's
slowly been passing on her passion for
dogs to me and I think I've sold I think
when we have a bit more stability and a
lot and where that place is for long
though yes it's basically how much we
fly
it's not fair to fly if we like just
road-tripped around everywhere we could
easily do it but flying is it cool I
think once we have the treehouse like
community that we other people there so
potentially like if we need to go away
for a week like there'll be people to
look after a dog yeah and we won't have
to bring it with us everywhere but then
we can go back and stay in the tree
house and we'd have to put up guardrails
so hang out in the tree
do you play pokemon go if so what level
are you on
we're only and talked about this for two
seconds because I know everyone talks
about all the time and he talks about in
every one of his logs but yes we do what
are you on 23 I'm almost in 23 probably
tonight I'll hit 23 that's that's pretty
good I think I haven't found a lot of
people that are much higher and but we
did get a little bit obsessed I actually
very quick stop oh my god last night at
like 3 a.m. I was like there's like an
icon it's like an evolved seal and I was
like I've got to go find it was like on
our little radar ran outside literally
went outside couldn't find it spent like
40 minutes walking around and then came
back like sad and regretful that I went
outside so and here to get a bit like 8
and I've been erected I said don't do
that guys never get out of bed for
Pokemon yeah I'm on like level 18 right
now but I think I'm gonna hit 20 tonight
because I have so many to evolve in my
magic egg okay
sorry no more Pokemon Duncan would you
say traveling with a partner can
strengthen their relationship if so why
I think it depends on whether you are
whether that's something that you can do
together that you do in the same way I
think if you travel in very different
ways like if you wanted to use a bit
more high maintenance or you need more
luxuries and the other ones too - more
laid-back and chilled about things it
can call probably cause tension I think
we've done a healthy balance but I think
that's a good test to see if you're
eligible will work because if you're
that different like in terms of what you
want and need while traveling I don't
see how you can really spend like your
whole life together without it causing
problems because someone's gonna want
like a super big nice house well you're
like want a treehouse or whatever you
know so I think traveling together
strengthens your relationship and if it
doesn't strengthen it then you're
probably not in the right relationship
yeah I think it's a good test I guess
he's like done the ultimate test
it's like we're never not traveled how
many times did we count that we've been
to get together 21 I think yeah we've
never not traveled so for us a
relationship test is like not traveling
like living together so that was a lot
of fun guys hopefully you've learned a
bit more about us you should go over and
subscribe to riot if you haven't already
we are planning to soon do another video
on her channel a boyfriend/girlfriend
tag something like that but why don't
you leave some questions below in the
comments asking us other things you'd
love to know get deep get weird get
crazy and yeah we'd love to share some
of our understanding of life and yeah
also by the time you're watching this I
mean I think I want to try daily
vlogging next month so come to my
channel and
I'm doing because I'm terrified I don't
know how you do it right these days
