good afternoon guys we have left our air
B&B in Guilford come back my parents
house we've just had some lunch and in
half an hour I need to head off to the
airport
I'm flying to Beijing in a couple of
days with flight from Beijing into North
Korea so I'm about to pack and show you
what I can and cannot bring into North
Korea and yeah I haven't got long to do
it I gave the starters this is my laptop
this is MacBook Pro that I take with me
everywhere this is a lot of stuff on it
a lot of files a lot of old files vlogs
music everything this I cannot bring
into North Korea and by I'm going to
bring with me for the initial stage like
the flight and being in Beijing so a
couple of days ago I bought another
MacBook Pro this is a slightly smaller
one and all this currently has on it is
the Adobe Creative Suite so there's no
data it's just a software and what
hoping is I can vlog with this camera
with blank memory cards and then I can
edit what I'm doing out there as I'm
doing it because otherwise I'm going to
get back with 10 days of unedited vlog
footage if it doesn't get confiscated so
the memory cards I've ordered are 5 128
gig micro sd because what my thinking is
these little micro settees I can just
put all over the place in my bag and
then if there is a chance and it can get
in confiscated at least I have some of
it unless they're very very thorough but
they're quite small what I can just live
in my pockets and stuff so that's why I
have here and and then I also have a
small iPhone just a backup I find I can
take with me because there is a chance
it's not guaranteed but there is a
chance that we'll do a thorough search
of any electrical item blood phones and
computers and memory cards and if
there's anything that is deemed to be
anti-north Korean then I could get some
trouble so that's what I'm trying to
avoid this trip is getting in any
trouble the other things I've heard is
not to have wear anything that clearly
has like America like you know made in
America written on it so kind of plain
clothing and what else yeah I guess I
just need to be careful bringing too
much photography equipment in so I think
I'm just going to bring like one or two
lenses with this camera I'm going to
leave my a7r in Beijing in case this guy
does get confiscated then at least I've
got a backup camera when I get back to
China right I've got two blank hard
drives I'm going to maybe give one of
those to my friends when we leave this
is a new or wiped iPhone so that's blank
I was hoping to bring my boosted board
but I found out flying VA and they don't
allow to bring boosted boards on the
flight so instead I'm going old-school
I'm bringing my penny board which also
means I can actually take it once we go
through customs like actually skates my
gate oh you see I missed it in that I
just had an emotional goodbye the Raya
got my stuff packed she leaves just
arrived to the airport so although my
flight has been delayed they haven't
updated to the like how when you can
check-in so instead my chicken was
closed even though I was like the
flights delayed anyway so they rushed me
through fast track and I'm skating to my
gate now I'm hoping what it told me
about it being delayed is actually true
otherwise I've missed my flight I'm
pretty confident that is I need a coffee
though I've been very tired today
Beijing here I come
look how fast you run when you
so I'm on my eight-hour flight to
Beijing I don't know if I was saying
earlier but we're going to be staying
here for a few days meeting with the
team are going out with and then heading
on to North Korea
it's quite an exciting trip for me and a
lot of you may seem a bit surprised that
this is where I'm going it's a place
that's not often visited and
they're awesome
restrictions in the country but I'm
really excited about seeing more than I
guess what I've seen in documentaries
before showing a certain side to North
Korea I want to go and seek out the
positive stuff happening there so it's
not ignoring the other stuff but just
seeking out the positive stuff because I
don't think I've seen a lot about
people's lives and the good things going
on what we're going to be doing out
there I don't know a lot but the
organization will go out with do surf
and skate lessons around the world they
do they'll all trips and workshops and
stuff so I think what we're going to be
doing is running some of those workshops
with seven North Korean kids and
visiting different parts of the country
potentially get to go surfing and I'm
going out my friend Elaine who you
probably haven't seen on my channel for
years but I hung out with quite a bit
back in the day
but it's yeah it's going to be a pretty
mental trip
I'll tell you more about openness from
the days before we have to go dark and
when I'm out there there'll be no
uploading but I am I've planned out the
last few days so I'm going to be
uploading every other day on this
schedule this is the plan anyway
schedule the vlogs have a few in China
and then by the time the blogs have been
uploading every other day I hopefully
will meet feedback from North Korea and
then I'll be able to double uploads to
keep you guys yeah to show you guys what
I've been doing either so don't worry
about me I think it's going to be fine
quite a few people do go out there and
and it's all good so
I am super excited and super pumped and
I'll see you guys in Beijing the morning
Desalle enjoy that and the event
