good morning guys I've just come down to
the bus today where we're renovating one
of my double decker buses we weren't
following the vlogs last week I did
actually miss a few days in the last
week so I haven't seen a latest but
Mike's been down here with Dan and they
are working away on it so the bus is in
a new position as yeah Mike no doubt of
it this morning but the buses have been
all shuffled around which is a pretty
big job my bus was parked where this bus
is obvious my boom bus is still there
all right look upstairs
that's not fixed out about that gives
you a good idea to get these are guys
this is our starting point
yeah that's a comfortable worry they'll
be a bit of padding but yeah that's kind
of that's comfortable to sit in
we've got Mike's brother Pete joining us
today all right Pete
helping out with some of the work
Mike's telling me the idea for the
handrail yes the master one what that
was cut the same shape quite nice shape
and it works well yeah if we're going
with the cedar wood feel and stainless
tubes yeah thinking at the moment you
you meant have a little kickstand here
yeah couple of guys it said I'm now
jumping in with Dan we're gonna go and
get some lunch snacks to everyone
this would be a really nice I'm showing
Mike in the boom-bust a water tank which
is in the back I've never actually
looked at properly but it's a pretty
small water tank that s the one that we
we wanna build so mike has mocked up
some mocks up some frames that are the
same size as our water tanks I'm gonna
put them in place yeah
settle is
a line with the two windows a little
sick a little bit higher there two more
times
and that's the right
the biggest bar right so this is where
the hot tubs going
to the very beginning well I'm heading
off and it leaves these lads to it next
time I see you Mike the bus might be
pretty much finished phase one this is
very trusting of me to leave Mike in
charge by deed trust him I think he's
very competent he's gonna take a lot of
initiative in fixing all of these
problems you like problem-solving don't
you Mike so we've chatted through most
potential things that can happen
sylia and we leave these guys to figure
out some more my brain is fried trying
to think about how we're gonna do this
in time
basically I'm heading off tomorrow and
I'm not gonna be back for 10 days in the
meantime Mike's Emily working flat out
with all the boys and trying to get the
phase 1 which is just the decking in the
hot tub operational power in the buff
some seating downstairs maybe some
minimal sound system maybe a TV just
kind of ready to party a little bit not
fully pie and a lot of you mentioned as
well in some of the comments not to make
it a full on party rave bus which I
think's the plan I think it's going to
be a bit more chilled I think we want to
have the opportunity to do like a little
coffee bar and stuff like that
downstairs which is which is going to be
nice and this stage I just think we need
to leave it as versatile as possible so
there could be multiple things that can
happen downstairs but I have spent a day
yes lots of talking lots of figuring
things out and it's time to head back to
Guildford and see Ryan Oh
hey honey I'm home
guys I have a lot of things to sort out
tonight I'm like three vlogs to edit I
have to set up my laptop I bought the
other day as I was saying I'm taking
this and a new phone and some hard
drives and some memory cards that
arrived today to North Korea and I want
to try and get some vlogs up for you
guys every other day while some away so
I'm trying to plan a Q&A that's we
filmed a 360 video maybe I've got a few
that haven't edited yet this is if I can
get them done and I think I've got three
or floor for vlogs including this one
and then if I face them out over the 10
days that I'm away hopefully there'll be
some content going up in the channel or
and you guys won't forget about me and
then when I get back it's gonna be the
craziest content my channel has ever
seen hopefully if I don't get my
camera's confiscated and on my memory
cards it's a gamble I'm worth it's worth
taking it's a gamble I'm willing to take
right let's do this it's gonna be a long
night guys
dinner is ready thanks Ryan you've made
another salad
yeah that's salad so favorite this is
something that I need drive to get me
into because I just don't get salad it's
cold and it's just leaves and stuff this
I get this I get how it looks
unbelievable
any salad people out there leave a
comment this is not like an incredible
salad so many tomatoes but doesn't it
pretty good actually
but for me it's all about hot food soup
and then here have some cold food on the
side cold food isn't the main
me something Crazy's happening does
anyone ever feel their laptop when it's
plugged in and it feels like weird kind
of like yeah but look an electricity
current in it
Briah has it on her lap and she was like
touching my arm and she could feel the
electricity through my body she could
feel it then we were like touching
fingers then that we kissed and it
literally like sparks flew off of it try
it again oh my god oh my god oh my gosh
executed why is it guys why are you
doing that what well I didn't get
anywhere near as much of my editing done
as I and hoped and I'll just crash him
so hard
so I'm asleep BAM I just had a
notification saying that my flight is
delayed two hours tomorrow which is
pretty good which means I've got more
time in the morning to pack get ready
and do some editing and hang out at Rio
as well I'm gonna sleep now
and I'll catch you guys in the morning
peace out into her life and live the
adventure they
