good afternoon guys I have just driven
up to Shoreditch took a little bit
longer than expected
I've got a meeting in Shoreditch house
which is just around the corner but it's
another glorious day in London he's
unbelievable everyone's out everyone's
loving life yeah fun day planned today I
had originally planned to go and see the
bus again
but instead I on my way here I just cool
past and had a little planning things
underway for the double-decker bus
renovation
so have my meeting that's pretty
exciting guys we won't get into too much
detail but is basically meeting with
what as basically meeting with a few
people talking about the tree house
project buying some land at some point
in the near future and whether we can
make something cool like some kind of
production around the tree house project
like a like a long-form documentary
style thing and yeah we've just early
stages chance and through some stuff but
it was pretty exciting I now I need to
go and pick up Raya she has just
finished lunch and then we're cutting it
pretty tight it's the airport he's
always backed by my parents I need to
grab a few things and then we're meeting
a few of my friends the airport they
were heading out at 8 p.m. we need to be
there for 6
we're gonna hit rush-hour traffic so
let's go
sorry how's your day been well today is
kind of hectic boys I am running late to
the airport now
as I suspected but we have dropped off
some stuff at my parents house
so we've downscaled a little bit of
traveling luggage got my passport mostly
an essential and and we're checked in
Soho
hey dim right you know what
so guys you may have met these guys
before this is Sam and Chloe
they are coming to Amsterdam with us to
help us shoot this thing I haven't
really told you much about yet no I
don't really know anything about it it's
very short notice that we made it in
time yeah 1 1 a 1 a 1 B that sounds like
racing
yes we have arrived in Amsterdam yeah
that was beautiful I wanted to talk to
you guys about the clouds when we were
watching them but it was really noisy in
the plane I don't really like vlogging
in the in the plane and I sometimes log
in the toilet we've got our gear
maybe say
we've arrived at our hotel and we are
preparing for this shoot within tomorrow
these guys have got some serious gear
before this movie over here you're gonna
get tired carrying that around all day
bro so guys what we're doing yet we're
still trying to figure out basically the
idea is we're gonna have an amazing day
out one day out in Amsterdam we're gonna
try and hit all the cool sights do all
the fun activities and it's gonna be
focused on me and Raya doing those
things like riding a tandem going on a
bow going to a flower market all these
things and Sam and Chloe you're gonna be
shooting a main kind of really cool
three-minute video little bit like the
one I did that shorter style of just a
montage thing like the one that Sam
helped me do in Montana and then I'm
just gonna be vlogging and showing you
guys what these guys are up to you so
it's gonna be a nice and like stay quite
fun action-packed and we're just
chatting about what we're doing now all
right sounds that show me this setup
okay okay this screen this screen down
here that's green well this is this is
quite hard to hold on javi yeah yeah
she's checking the screen this guy oh
right
which is doing oh so she can remotely
control the camera all you need to do is
stick and ride exactly this will be
mounted on that sick and in me Roy we're
gonna be riding alongside them so they
can just like track us I like that I
like that is serious we just need to
find somewhere and understand where you
can run ride like parallel to each other
because Riya said it's like really
narrow and there's like the cycle ends a
single file so hopefully they I'm sure
I'm sure we find that circuit I was
really wide
right yeah like that okay these like
especially handle and check luggage yeah
that's kind of defeats both of it yeah
so I think we're pretty set it's gonna
be a lot of fun tomorrow I'm excited to
be announcing damn these guys have never
been to after them either so it's gonna
be nice to show them around I've been a
few times Rio loves it here and it's
gonna be pretty good whether it's 24
degrees outside right now and it's like
11 p.m. or maybe midnight we're gonna
get some rest now and we will see you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
