good morning guys
I have just had the most exhilarating
ride to my meeting in London it's the
first time I've taken a booster cooldown
London is pretty crazy
even in an hour traffic a little bit
later but I made it it was actually the
fastest way to get to get here so I
looked at like train cycling walking but
this is the one meeting with my YouTube
partner manager and now I'm staying
around for some lunch
it is packed in the canteen here at
Google the outside this is Jenny she
works at YouTube she asked never go the
boosted board so we've gone out a little
courtyard here and she's gonna give it a
little go yeah
it's embrace when you'll gut when you
start accelerating Crouch a bit more and
then lean forward into it as you're
going to lean forward into it as you're
going
yeah how do you how you finding it yeah
is so I am leaving YouTube now and I
need to go and buy a new Magic Mouse
from the Apple store because he trying
to fix the other day did not work you
know I spent like an hour like washing
it drying it out and rice and stuff so
that's right I'm gonna cruise over to
Oxford Street now and the booths did
I've just realized I think common garden
Apple stores out here little bit closer
so I'm gonna head over there
got that sorted now heading to the other
side of London where I parked I just
need to try and find all the smooth
rides because these cobblestones are a
nightmare this is a lovely floor though
this is like a marble floor hello
guys two parking tickets in a row that's
annoying
I tried to pay for it but I guess it
didn't work
my friend Amy's house and we're playing
with her cat and I just put it on the
boosted board check this out
bye so just spend a few hours with my
friend Amy
that's really nice Mike and Dan have
beamed down at the bus today doing some
more of the renovation and they've just
given me a call saying which me up for a
drink and a bit of a recap and
brainstorming and just planning and
stuff so they're gonna meet me at a pub
in Cabo they said they'd come and pick
me up I said and I don't worry about
that I've come on reasonably stable
getting down there on the boards medium
is a very lovely day today
I've met with the boys
after jetting down here fast from the
booster board we just got some food just
got some dinner Mike is showing me some
of the plans this is the initial plan
but apparently a lot has changed today
they've got weight distribution and
holding the tanks and stuff so Mike's
just slowly breaking the news to me and
talking me through what we're gonna be
doing very slowly was they a good day
good day work thank you we're good so I
just agreed with Mike to meet them at
8:30 in the morning
another very early morning for me to go
to the pastures sort through a lot of my
unnecessary belongings that I have
cluttering the boot bus and the other
bus
and then then I'm only around to
lunchtime heading out for a meeting in
London again but I don't to leave Mike
and dancer like saw this project out on
their own I'm obviously very passionate
about it but tomorrow no I am flying a
rose coming in and then we're flying to
Amsterdam through day to work on quite a
fun project
so yeah just joking my time at the
moment but I'm pretty excited about what
the plans we talked for it's annoying
figuring out how we're getting
everything done
it's a very very warm night tonight and
I've spent hours cruising around on the
boosted boards collecting Pokemon I've
actually taken over four gyms and I know
I said the other day I wasn't going to
do this but it's it's amazingly fun and
I don't think I've done anything like
this for years we're right just like I
haven't even been blogging out I've just
been cruising around loving life I think
a big part of it is cruising around on
the boosted board as well with
completely empty roads look at this look
at this and I'm getting to top speed as
well check it this is Sirica bar
so yeah just cruising around and
I'm gonna regret this tomorrow but this
is this is so fun just so much
I've definitely become more confident on
the booster board tonight uh at one
point I ate on it and basically boosted
from the high street to my house just
sit and chill to cross-legged like
leaning to steer that roads are empty it
honestly
oh my gosh I thought you described how
much fun it was I'm gonna get some sleep
now it's gonna be a full-on day tomorrow
I've got a meeting in the morning I'm
meeting with Raya and then what we're
doing we're heading to the airport we're
meeting with some other friends and we
are flying to Amsterdam so pretty crazy
no actually first of all I'm gonna go to
the bus and help Mike out for a couple
of hours yeah
full-on day and I will catch you in in a
few hours
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
