good morning guys I have come back down
to where we're storing the buses and
this is the first time I'm taking my dad
down here and we're gonna yeah have a
little look
and the progress so far and get my dad's
opinion on some of the steps we're gonna
need to take to get this all sorted in
time there she is
yeah come and check upstairs dad it's
all the seating up there it's giving it
access - yeah what you think yeah
anything that doesn't need to be anyway
two three four five we're just on the
phone to Mike with with the deadlines
I'm fixing it straight on top without
putting too much button in the middle
but just certain buttons at the edges
what's the new idea dad just thinking of
you using tubes allow allowing the water
to escape on the sides but possibly
SCAF by a bit thinner diameter you go
higher up here and it's these excessive
we can get one of those bill the frame
with the scaffolding the lengths kept
bar and then you just go into Scout bar
here the adepts are going up like this
yeah stick up to see you're fixing with
those fixing fixing those fixing and no
nailing that and then you're you
basically fixing down to this these bits
here as well so we are heading off we've
made a bit of a bit of progress you did
some measurements downstairs for the
water tank which is gonna feed the hot
tub so we need to whilst driving store
the water downstairs because I don't
think the weight distribution and
sloshing around gonna work upstairs I
don't think we can drive with the hot
tub one yeah gonna head off come back in
a Monday get crackin what do you think
does he psyched about the project
your project and but Louie years away a
lot every day so interesting we could
have a deadline no you could go to work
Luke yeah as always nothing happens it
is always good to have a deadline well
guys I'm back in my parents house I've
got this very bad jet lag habit of just
crashing out in the afternoon so I've
just been wiped out all afternoon got
some more Indian takeout I've been doing
some editing and I'm not gonna go out
with Steve I've been charging up my
boosters so me and Steve are gonna go
out and tear around them this could see
him in a while since VidCon oh yes
head-butted a metal thing on my bus dr.
dine okay guys I have some upsetting
news for everyone I Steve has got me
playing this Pokemon game I resisted but
I've got to say although it's jumping on
the bandwagon this is actually quite fun
and we've already made some friends
doing it and it means you can get out
and about and you can you can like hatch
eggs or something by walking so it's
actually encouraging exercise as well it
only hatches when you've walked a
certain distance I didn't realize so I
did quite like this game okay I approve
I approve I'm not going to waste too
much time doing it I still I still got
other stuff I want to do oh there's a
flappy bird don't know who's this
oh he's a video oh wow give them a
little grasp
yeah since there are three life so
how can you give them rods been in hit
like here yeah identify here I have a
little raspberry then if you want that
constant damn I don't know I don't know
anything all I know is I've got laser
wrapped rattie's and I got loaded you
get in a minute
one swipe now although that Steve is on
the boosted we saying yeah it's so good
all right this is Adam we made friends
at Adam tonight through Pokemon and he's
given us all the top tips of how to like
do things like find certain Pokemon and
level up and stuff I don't really
understand all the terms yet but one
that catches me my name's fail gasm
there you go
and I'm almost level 5 within like
literally being here like an hour
I'm always levels
Oh such an adrenaline rush right looks
quick if I want earthquake grow it's
scary
golfers probably laugh oh oh yeah
kid three very thanks for the for the
tips
yeah yeah
right back in the car funding the
boosted what you think of the
Boostability
I almost wish I didn't have been on the
ball but not like probably ran a car
part like that yeah like they're very
fun very very fun like almost as fun
like I want to get one and cruise with
you round it yeah John I mean bro I'm
just wasting pokeballs here look guys
look who I just caught butterfly but
free you got it Steve
Tim bro I'm stressing out it's cuz my
fingers all sticky he's really hard to
get I'm wasting all my pokeballs yeah
bro I literally threw 28 and give him a
raspberry there you go you have a
raspberry bro this so at many animals
down here
what's this fluffy guy who's this guy
Mary I'm getting stressed out who's that
guy he is a prime know Machoke you know
manky bro monkey wow it's a Pokemon
party's normal guys no Lilly we'd caught
okay what on the head gun okay guys
something you might not know about me is
I have actually quite an addictive
personality that's what if I ever did
drugs or drank and I'd be in trouble
Steve's got me hot properly horridly
addicted so we've decided to put a light
one got a couple of Red Bulls
my phone's almost out of battery so I
just bought an iPhone cable as well but
this is it one of those annoying plastic
packaging things you can't get these
open I've been trying to bite it
no you can't buy that right what kind of
know that you can I've got a serious I'm
gonna yeah something okay guys it is
2:00 a.m. in the morning and look at
these boys all playing Pokemon yes boys
we're in a shot at where are we stand
down stand down racecourse and there's
loads there's loads of pokey stops here
Pokemon yeah who's the highest level
here
seven right now yeah I'm almost never
sitting yeah yes Steve Schill eh all
right see you later boys
have a good night
I've never seen anything like this in my
life
like I thought was like yeah well this
pokemon height would die down I don't
think it's gonna die down
it's amazing it's just wow it's just
getting started I'm not even really into
computer games mainly because they trap
you inside and you get desorbed absorbed
into this isolation but this is about
actually meeting people in real life and
it's about getting outside I'm by
approved by fully approves well let me
just get this browse eBay let me get
that drugs is he's Rosie oh yes drowsy
guys whilst we're looking for digital
pokemons I found a real Pokemon toad
asaurus toady saw Steve there any
pokemons and it rotates well he's nice
that guy though which we call him Bob no
no I reckon tailing toad toady it's
going to tell you the hole in the hole
so it's now probably like 2:30 in the
morning me and Steve Oh
we're even are we we knit we need mushy
part yeah but like kinks we're near
Kingston we've never been down here
before
and we're only coming down here because
on the Pokemon map there's some pokey
stops and there's like lots of rustling
and we're thinking we might find some
pokemons what did we just catch the jinx
jeans man we got led into a park that
it's locked so we have to climb out get
it Steve get them
you see any
yes guys check this out just leveled up
to level eight that is what I'm talking
about
whoa they're all here sorry I've got
story no really yeah stories here right
I got some falafel and chips I met two
people in the chip shop it's now like
half 3:00 in the morning they were both
also playing Pokemon so it's it's yeah
it's the craziest phenomenon I've ever
seen
so how did we just do it how long do we
do like a five-hour
what are you done to my life bro don't
blame that on me man that is not cool
one who actually said that's come home
you're like oh there oh there this isn't
helping my jet lag
yeah yeah just switch it on first I'm
like this Wiz down to put these have
been I drop that don't be leveling up
over 12 yeah all right yeah I mean I'm
gonna take you down bro no tomorrow
you'll be like yeah I'm a fourteen bro
I'm gonna take him down guys I'm gonna
hit nine before I go to sleep no nine
levels in one night I don't know that's
good enough because I haven't really
spoke to anyone else up and Steve but it
could be pretty good so guys I've
reached level nine and I did it in one
night and it's been pretty fun I'm not
I'm gonna try not to play this every day
I don't want this to become like take
over my life but it's much better than I
thought it's gonna be and yeah I'm glad
that Steve showed me but like I said I
hate my addictive personality doesn't
ruin this right I'm gonna get my dreads
twisted tomorrow yet very fluffy
Sylvia's coming over and then I'm
hopefully gonna catch up with Ben in the
evening I'll see you in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
