good morning guys it's a beautiful day
today we arrived late last night at this
stunning desert hotel check this out
it's like a castle
in the middle of the desert and we're
just heading now to get some breakfast
and then we're going to explore a bit do
a photo shoot
throughout the property and then yeah
later later this afternoon we're gonna
go on a bit of an adventure into the
dunes
so the plan today is we need to get some
really cool photos of this place we're
staying in so we're going on an
Instagram mission I've got my tripod got
my drone got my a 7r with the 12 to 24
lens my ace of an S with the 24 to 240
give me quite a range of focal lengths
I'm not going for any kind of low
aperture shallow lenses until later on
when it gets dark because it's super
sunny right now and also I want to shoot
most of the shots wide because this
there's so much cool stuff around here
architecture sand dunes yeah really a
photo by this fountain it's hard with
harsh Sun like this but you don't want
to have a massive contrast and in
shadows if possible you don't want to
have to like yeah be hidden in the
shadow say we're gonna try point
somewhere out in the Sun one thing is if
we sit out and one of these little
caba√±as will get like a little table
out with some of these pictures get some
tunes in the background and peace even
get a palm tree and shot quite a few
instagramers have been visiting Abu
Dhabi this month as this part of their
kind of marketing campaign and Roy has
been looking for inspiration from other
people's accounts of like locations they
shot at which is why we went to and the
spot we did last night on the beach
overlooking the mosque I like looking
for inspiration on other accounts to an
extent but don't want to completely
replicate photos I think it's good to be
inspired but also to try and find unique
locations and as we were over there we
despite this as a kind of unique
location to have some lunch
now hopefully they'll let us but this is
way cooler than eating in the restaurant
there
I'm gonna send the drone up to see what
this place looks like from the air guys
this place looks phenomenal from the air
and we've scouted out a few spots to
take some photos also bombs into this
guy this is Alex
he we've been chatting online for like
yeah we've been into their friends for
years
and he just strolled over us I know why
so we knew a few people were here this
month but um yeah good to meet you
yeah and he's vlogging as well I'll link
him below how long have you been doing
your YouTube folks yeah nice let's climb
over here in there hey Ryan this is Alex
you
I'm gonna NAB Alex here to take some
photos he's he's an incredible
photographer so I'm just can you I guess
I guess this yes
I'll set up a tripod in a sec but maybe
you can grab a few first yeah so there's
another bit of advice guys always
wrangle in your friends to help
what thing you guys is me walking up
these steps from this angle with these
different layers of building so you've
got like that balcony the next balcony
and then like all those turrets up there
and then that'sa little turret thing
alright last location with shooting
before on camera right this forum our
back garden Vic how cool this is
a view of the whole place this is
probably going to end up being one of
our best photos if you read on such a
long mission today love it look the
dunes are right there
and the building the palm trees right
there I just want to get one sitting on
this edge
guys I wish we were staying here longer
this is painful knowing that we're only
staying here for one day I think this is
one of the coolest places I've ever
stayed it's just so impressive and it's
just so it's just so crazy where it is
that we're in the middle of a desert and
then there's this it's absolute luxury
hotel and it's nice as well because I've
kept in style with a lot of traditional
Bedouin stuff like the ornaments and
like the architecture and stuff but then
obviously it's also a luxury heading on
our dogs buggy now go
that's gay looks so cool before we head
out just get a little iced tea listening
to some live music
okay we're here the middle of desert
ready to ride camel this is my outfit by
the way
and if you can properly see it right now
but it's like a big flowy skirt so I can
get some really cool photos okay what's
my camera's name okay I'm just gonna
hunker down all right what's my camera's
name huh yes the hunt is it a guy or a
girl so hon thanks
as we were just told that with these
camels they have Beauty competitions
here where I think last year the winner
well the owner of the winning the most
beautiful camel got a new Lexus crazy
we just found out an interesting fact
about camels guys so apparently in
almost every country in the world
there's no wild camels I think the only
exception from what this guy says is
Australia but even those camels were
brought in to help with building the
railways from Afghanistan and they I
guess that was a few hundred years ago
but yeah
camels in this part of the world haven't
been wild for over 2,000 years so all
the camels have been owned for either
transport milk or meat I guess or I
guess like tourist rides nowadays like
this which is pretty fascinating I think
this is the best photo spot we've had so
far with the dunes Sun and then the
camels all kind of walking uphill
I think this is the most beautiful camel
ride I've ever done and I've done quite
a few I've done some in Morocco think
yeah Egypt
goodbye that's if I don't come right you
guys probably know just been watching my
vlogs I've done a few but this is never
in like area of dunes this big and this
impressive and it's all about golden
hour as well we made it to the top this
is we're gonna stop the sunset this is
the best thing we've done in Abu Dhabi
in my opinion about Uriah apparently the
desert here's the same size as France
yeah I think often the desert places
I've been to has been like smaller areas
but when you when your money like in
this sand like miles apparently there
the electricity and water to this resort
is some bits coming from all the way
from Abu Dhabi which is like a - to our
two and a half hour drive and the
nearest town is eighty kilometers away
so we are right in the middle I've got
some cool photos of Raya because I was
obviously in the camera behind her with
the wide with the 12 that looked sick
with the guy like leading her camel but
she's now gonna hold the camel on her
own
and we're just trying to figure out the
best angle I think this is cool because
of the Jews behind but then it's gonna
be backlit so we're gonna go for this
angle where the sun's kind of coming in
from the right perfect
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the shot that
is the shot
now rides gonna get some twirly shots
with her beautiful skirt oh yeah let's
go Louise finding the camels with the
drone right now did you find them yeah
thank you mm-hmm right you should try
this tea is really good
okay we're catching a car back now we're
just stopping off for two minutes on the
way back and they're gonna re-inflate
the tires because as you know I'm sure
when you drive and sand you have to
deflate the tires so you have more
traction anyway we're stopping off as
stable so I've come in to have a little
look at the horses here hey buddy
look at the view in the back our room
this is gonna be pretty spectacular I'm
hoping to get some maybe even some star
lapses tonight that'd be fun wasn't it
right for dinner getting out oh thanks
enough food now oh yeah oh thanks yeah
look at the size of this roti this is in
comparison this is the size of my plate
is pakistani righty
wow I love that dinner was delicious
it's been a really beautiful evening
unfortunately I've been too wrapped up
with editing to get out and do any style
APS's and stuff but I'm gonna be coming
back here for sure this is such an epic
place and yeah if you ever get the
chance I highly recommend it add it to
your bucket list it's been an amazing
time here in Abu Dhabi and yeah I'll see
you guys back in the UK peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure okay
