good morning guys I have started my day
bit earlier than I usually do Mike and
Dan have come to pick me up to head over
to the double decker we're gonna be
there working on that against a state
two of our conversion process we're
popping past this hardware store to pick
up a few things
what'd we get Mike alright we're just
saying these places are a little bit
like Toys R Us bad dogs we have the gear
we are back from the Buffs this is man
felicity not the hot tubs these are our
options guys we want to figure out how
many people we want to fit in the hot
tub and these are diameters of suggested
diameters for seven months people that's
one idea okay so you'd have enough space
either side do something like this
that's good for drinks valves are these
bubbles goes underneath yeah I like the
idea about going to cinemas gravity's
would be pretty extensive but what about
the screen top what about you what's on
the screen yeah you're far away and then
you can have like everyone sitting on
the bench seating you're gonna probably
see them all night spots of little tiny
project from here yeah
I love though it would be I'm thinking
here would be nice spot right the decks
lift out the earthy and you need to clip
them there DJ up to a crowd yeah for
unless we had a gap for the seating
somewhere we could just kind of like sit
stand in and then be facing a little
mini crowd
we've had a little planning session and
now we're starting to dismantle some
more of the upstairs taking these pads
off seeing if this is removable
measuring up for the hot tub thing how
we're going to install the flooring and
the big decision we've made today I
think is that we're going to try and
build a cab so this is like a closeable
door so in the winter when it's freezing
the bus can be insulated and warm yeah
while we're trying to open this back
section that's lonely just straight out
as fine
slower seems to wet days oh yeah if you
do it fast it just spins it really
smooth and they're pressing hard this is
gonna pop straight off
so I think we've got this back panel
with come on what yes boys
so after a couple of hours work off
randomized to rip off this back seat
thing I've probably unscrewed about
fifty rivets but ten is out underneath I
guess this is what used to be here I
think the heater system used to be here
this charred like seriously charred all
of the word that's crazy
that even could have caught fire looks
like there could have been flames as you
start moving to a barbecue
sweet all right so our biggest struggle
so far has been removing this seat we've
had the grinder out earlier as you saw
but it's crazy isn't it it's like
bowling with different bolts is like
nuts at the front they really wanted to
keep this seat in place yes Mike did it
that guy was a stubborn chair guys we
have some visitors my grandpa and my mum
have arrived it brought us some lunch
and we're just bringing them in to show
us show them hey guys I'm just taking
off all the handrails so watch it up the
stairs how much to grab on to probably
probably the worst I'm taking for Henry
yeah this is my mum pick just some
sandwiches for us yes boys yes enjoying
some lunch in the Sun yeah made some
good progress this morning Emily when
Joanne will start laying some decking
down a little early next week
or yeah we can get the right stuff so
get a plan together and sauce it and I
think making sure the floors watertight
and getting the supports will take quite
a while yeah figuring out if we want to
do any of our electrics or anything in
around the floor you might have to hold
far enough on the floor
the more things have ripped out the more
space we've got to imagine how this is
gonna be easier to visualize
I want to like throw some Obamacare
places this is lethal I think I just cut
my head again on it let's check out how
bad this head injuries I have to finish
the job before I check my injuries gasps
my head right open it's quite wet
whoa
the blades came off did it explode yeah
what I saw I saw a lot of smoke Wow
completely just sent it great yeah so
that's a wrap for today doesn't look
like we've made as much progress as
yesterday because those seats were
actually quite easy to rip out but we
have taken the banister out we have
taken that NZ out pretty much just got
to take these little to support self
we're good to go
it feels good making progress in the
project oh I hope you guys are as
excited as we are
this rolls so Mike and Dan have dropped
me at my grandpa's house he is lent me
his car and I'm now gonna go and pick up
Darcy we're gonna go out for a coffee
because I haven't seen her probably in
like three months
being a very good brother I'm sorry
Darcy but now I'm back I can spend
quality time with my family I end up
staying up if you like I always last
night adds my dad which is really nice
I'm much better face to face Chang then
trying to stay in contact on phone or
Skype or Facebook Messenger I'm just
terrible and laugh at digital
communication
I like face-to-face training which is a
bad thing considering I'm constantly
traveling and not often in one place so
I've just had a lovely evening with
Darcy
we've just been sitting here chatting
being Indian takeout and yeah it's just
been nice catching up with her I don't
know if any of you guys spend time away
from your family but I do all the time
stay moments like this are rare but I
enjoy seeing them when I haven't seen
them in ages and I'm gonna be back for a
little bit so it's gonna be it's gonna
be good good quality family time and I
was chatting to my dad tonight he's
gonna come over on Saturday to the bus
and help with the problem me and Mike
have which is the floor is not flat on
the top deck
we're gonna be laying the decking down
and then the hot tub so my dad's gonna
help me his carpentry skills are gonna
be handy here he's got a lot of
experience in building and woodwork and
stuff say should be good and we also
made a call to another company which
have they build these wooden hot tubs
that are heated with wood burners
wood-burning stoves there are actually
some submerged there water they're like
sectioned off there's a few
complications potentially I don't know
we're still looking into it but we may
be able to get one delivered and
assemble it apparently we need training
and how to do that all there's a few
options we've got basically but we are
we're working to a deadline and I'll let
you know what the deadline is soon but
it's all quite exciting and yeah I hope
you guys are enjoying being involved in
this processing and sharing my
excitement it's really cool right I'll
catch you in the morning for another day
renovating the bus peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
