good morning guys it is day three of our
bus project and today we are just in
planning mode just have some breakfast
and we're looking at hot tub designs and
what kind of would we want to use and
you know just get some the details down
trying to measure out and figure out
what kind of water tank we need because
we're going to like hopefully store the
water before pumping into the hot tub if
you don't know what I'm talking about
you've just tuned in preparing the hot
tub on my open-top double-decker bus
making progress
right I've made some good plans some
things underway yeah kind of quite cool
timed email actually as we were planning
we got through an email from a company
they want to supply some cheap materials
to us that cost price and then we
thought oh yeah maybe there's some other
companies or brands or people that want
to help us out and get involved and so
here's the message app that anyone out
there that wants to help us with this
project in any way maybe partnership oh
we can promote something you're doing or
product so ever yeah good so email me
below I'll link it in the description
yeah I'm excited about getting it's done
we started good I can't wait till it
starts taking shape are you saying guys
yeah it's gonna be sweet vehicles around
easy easy easy so I spent the afternoon
running some errands helping my mum some
things and and then I fell asleep
cuz I'm jet lagged first leave like two
hours woke up like literally didn't even
know what country was here now so I hit
I need to do some cleaning up and my
parents are very patient with me often
when I come home from traveling to visit
them I make a bit of a mess so I've let
my bags have been left here for lost day
or so so I'm going to try and help clean
the house a little bit Mike's been not
being around this afternoon you say
we've a bit of a pause on the bus
conversion and I'm gonna take my dad
over there tomorrow to show him what's
going on it can help us a bit cool yeah
looking forward to that last time you
ripped all my stuff about the previous
bus I'm just gonna see the damage that
Mike and though you've just caused in
this new one yeah this could be a bigger
project than we imagined but I think
it's nice that we've got a bit of a
initial deadline to work see this is my
remedy for jet lag v coffee boy I've
started to clear up is looking a bit
better then you go up grab some dinner
now leftovers from Indian last night mix
with some other things are these lentils
nice falafel Vietnam bread is it do only
new this platform we had a delicious
dinner it's a bit of a problem as you
guys know I like problem solving but
this is a bit irritating I am I like
editing with a magic mouth apples Mouse
instead of the trackpad and with
something I've got used to over the
years and quite enjoy the the editing
with the mouse but um something that all
travelers have a problem with at some
stage in their life is I had a little
mini shampoo bottle explode in my back I
should know better than to put liquid
bottles in my bag but anyway it's the
same part of my bag I keep a few other
things in LA wear headphones in them my
mouse now some of the shampoo leaked
into the mouse and I've been watching
YouTube two tutorials here about how to
take apart the mouse and and two other
night to fix it versus the back there's
much smaller
slack so anyway say this I don't know
who this guy is choking out to do it um
I've open it up realizes a bunch of
shampoo all in this section here and now
I'm thinking maybe I can soak this in
some water just to dissolve all the
shampoo and then dry it out and see if I
can get it working again I will just buy
a new one but they're like 60 quid and I
don't like seeing things go to waste
because if I threw this
we just end up in a landfill site and I
like making sure I've really broken
something before throwing it away or
recycling it
I'm gonna leave this here that remember
when we get back there might be yeah so
else I'm soaking my mouse in water like
I said the other day I'm gonna take my
dad out to do some booster boarding
there's a car pocket
Cobham services down the road so we're
gonna have a little cruise around got a
penny board as well maybe we'll try a
little bit of towing to be a bit fun so
we grab a rifle
we just find a guess I can just hold you
just hold the Battle of the back of
speed
right we're just gonna
we're just gonna find a safe space to
just skate around I think over here is
gonna work Oh
dad what happened what happened yeah
this was longer this was longer you're
gonna be feel more balanced in this yeah
this one's this one's gonna give you
less this one's like way longer than
evenness problems so last time
yeah yeah that's scary fast in there
what's your overall feelings about the
Beastie Boys
see this is where they're pretty awesome
because I'm having to push up the hill
and my dad's just cruising up no effort
all right first lesson complete well
done dad
high-five all right I feel like this is
going to be a regular stop for the next
couple of weeks well stand back coming
down here thinks of late-night boosted
boarding penny boarding blue spruces
boosted it yeah please still over penny
boosted over bunny bunny at my shoulder
yeah I smacked it a little bit over
grazed but nothing too bad all right
let's see this is dissolved the shampoo
it probably is I think so well I'm gonna
bet on the hot tap for a bit and they
got a dry overnight overnight yeah plays
it tonight no hair dryer possibly hair
dryer might get
okay it's drying time okay korie's as
far as my one sister my sister you got a
lid or just think that's cool just leave
no I'm gonna get it well it was cool
spending some quality time with my dad
tonight I'm gonna get some sleep now
tomorrow I'm taking away over to the
buses and he's gonna help me and Mike
just with some of the structural stuff
and yeah I'll see you guys in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
