good morning just landed in London
booster board waiting for me and even
need to wait for the baggage belt is
very quick very impressed really good to
be back I know what the weather's like
yet haven't been outside but my friend
Mike is on his way to pick me up and
there's some exciting things happening
today hopefully I was telling you guys
last night in the vlog about it in the
plane but I will I'll explain in a
little bit first I need a coffee
alright got my coffee Mike's here yeah
good good
ready to ready to rock this in between
this gives you a windows into a window
into Mike life so we've just driven
straight from the airport to this place
where my bus is being kept you know
we're gonna go and see it for the first
time in like how long's it been like
three and a half years or something I
think so only thing it has it isn't that
the bus it's great a net think about the
possibility have you seen the little
dials of the different languages yeah
yeah it's for the for the tour well this
is it guys this is the new bus
yet-to-be-named I'm currently standing
on my old bus the boom bus and I was
just trying to remember what I hear -
cause this horrendous damage of this
often I think I hit a tree
so guys does anyone remember the
boom-bust
throwing coins around these cities is a
really cool way to moment this is the
moment I've been partly dreading this
because I've known how horrific is gonna
be in here it's not too bad smells a bit
moldy oh my gosh oh my gosh it's just
like totally derelict like I just I was
half expecting there to be food in there
tasty this is amazing yeah boy anything
upstairs yeah bro this isn't too bad
I took the TVs my parents house bro look
how much water's come down from the Fitz
fish tank let's evaporate over three
years little fridge to these guys I mean
it's it smells a bit moldy but it's not
like horrific bars around lots of
options these are just ones that I've
saved that I love so I love how that
deck things built in and around it I'm
sort of thinking of different levels
build it so you have people in and
around it definitely wasn't bench
seating up here or something yeah
we're just measuring up
it has always been a plan but just
haven't found time but I've finally made
some time this summer got a spinners out
sure they don't call them standards in
America they call them wrenches oh yeah
hey yeah actually yeah guys classic
classic British summer don't ever you
can see this chucking it the rain out
there Mike's already made some progress
to take the sea off guys I just found a
box downstairs and I just found this
book that way old housemate gave me a
present for my birthday in 2009 this is
this is how long I've been talking about
treehouses oh my gosh this is gonna give
me so much inspiration
thanks to Mike this reminds me of like a
project that we were ready for we were
renovating a youth club must've been my
orphanage more than 10 years ago
good get my hand there again literally
filthy but yeah this is the last this is
the last airing to get out and causing
some problems we might have to get the
angle grinder out again in these they've
all rusted spanners and stuff this is
Mike's genius idea taking a window out
of the boom bus so we can just store
stuff in there we might just leave this
bus parked here so we can have easy
access just waiting I'm gonna try and
find creative ways to film this project
over the next two weeks and keep you
guys getting to board because it might
get repetitive although I think it's
good as it's taking shape it's kind of
been exciting journey to take you in
yeah yeah we're gonna yeah guys so
basically once we've just got the shell
so taking the seats out the ideas so far
is we're gonna put some wood and decking
up here instill some kind of hot tub
back here we're still trying to figure
out the best plan whether it's a wood
burning hot tub or a gas
and then yeah there's going to be
different phases to the project but
eventually we want to be doing some fun
stuff with it and we want your guys
input into what we should install
downstairs should it be like a coffee
bar should there be some kind of food
vending should it be mainly for like
little events we're running or more of a
party bus I mean we've got a pretty
incredible sound system this is our
sound system me and Mike used to DJ
years ago and we're going to get back
into DJ which is exciting for me yeah
there's lots of exciting things so yeah
let us know if you've got any ideas of
what we should be doing with the bus how
we should definite what we should put
inside it and what kind of events and
projects we should run once we've kicked
out that's day one complete or director
Mike has a gun yeah quality day yeah
think from picking up at the airport
things have just flowed very very nicely
for the three of us nice guy here Mike
absolute legend and we've got your old
bus which is passing through the window
yeah it couldn't be more than yet it
could be more convenient yes bro happy
days
there before I pop home and see my
parents I stay home I mean a parrot so
we have just swung past where Mike and
salad and this used to be where I lived
here once for the time like long and
Mike's to show me this little marker you
still outside I like it little fire pit
at the back I found you melt with it
life advice if you ever power for an
extension real unravel the whole rail
was you know it's been good advice today
has been full of nostalgia crazy Mike
remember when you punched a hole through
that window I'm giving Mike a little
lesson on the booster board this could
go horribly wrong
have you done any skating before Mike
okay just just get on the flat bit with
no real bumps and you could just try
cruising around this little circle
arcing is probably best there all right
crouch lean forward a bit and then just
gradual good
yes like
can I just tell my stuff here say hey
Dad really grubby no it's straight from
there I'm straight from the airport to
my bus haven't seen my busses in years
dinnertime hmm all right we finished
dinner I'll just show my dad the booster
board I put up I put it on the slowest
setting you wanna yeah said backwards up
you want to push it forward to go
forward and then pull it back towards
you to go back it's probably not the
best idea to do this inside yeah I
cannot wait to get the booster board out
on the streets I'm trying to get a hold
of Alfie because he's got one down in
Brighton and I want to take it down and
do some skating with him I want to show
some of the other guy so you haven't had
a chance to write it here and I want to
thank my dad now as well to avoid it
properly today has been an incredible
first day back in the UK so funny
straight from the airport to going to
work on the bus but I'm super excited I
hope you guys can see how excited I am
about this project and yeah I cannot
wait to see what happens over the next
month I'm gonna be like taking little
breaks I'm going to Amsterdam I'm going
on a surprise special crazy trip which
you haven't told you guys about yet but
the first deadline is a month from now
for the first phase of getting the bus
start getting a hot tub in and say yeah
let's do this guys it's gonna be crazy
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
