so I have left Woodstock Breyers dad is
giving us a lift to the airport Jeb okay
look a three-hour drive and yeah I'm now
checking in rise comment
she's when she's coming to me you kN
I'm gonna see each other then all right
I'm gonna have a little rant about my
airport experience today it's got a
happy ending but when I arrived here I
found actually I found out late last
night that my original flight had been
cancelled with American Airlines so they
instead of put me on the next flight
tried to put me on a flight a similar
time with British Airways which I've
never had good experiences with
unfortunately so that was a different
terminal so I arrived here thinking like
I'm flying on my replacement flight with
British Airways we went to the British
Airways terminal and waited like 45
minutes in line and then they said
there's no exit right there's no vegan
meal and there's no electricity on the
plane for me to charge my laptop and
work which all things that I need or at
least electricity to work and the
legroom is handy anyway so then they
said that I can take my boosted board on
the flight I couldn't even check it in
because it's a lithium battery and all
this so very frustrating not very
helpful at all American Airways had said
it was British Airways that needed to
sort me out and like help me British
Airways sent me back to American Airways
and ie by this point in feeling a bit
flustered a bit frustrated I'd like
basically missed out on a day with Riya
because we had to drive here early
anyway had to go to another term and
await another 40 minutes in queue to
speak to American Airlines and they
thankfully put me on the next flight
which is there like 10 so it's like two
hours Leighton plans got me my legroom
got me my bigger meal got me electricity
and they were happy for me to check in
the booster board so and they gave me
lounge access what's the wait so I'm
pretty happy everything's being redeemed
and yeah this could have gone way worse
but I'm glad the nightmares over
can't I just yeah
just for straighten sometimes those of
you that have had airport nightmares can
probably relate to the frustration you
feel when you're just standing there
like please somebody help me
this little work time that's light
managed to get whole blog edited pretty
much it's nice
why actually go to yourself sleep in
this flight especially with the legroom
to find my gate now I think the last
time was in London was end of March so
we triggered a free shuttle bus
I've heard the British summer isn't it
we're gonna be amazing
most of Heriberto meal and we'll have a
new prime minister after all of that
breakfast stuff
say guys
it's very empty tonight
which means potentially these seats are
all available I my stuff down
technically that's might be over there
brother I'm hoping these are free and
stayed free and then I can lay out
I have the four chairs ready to sleep on
and hopefully I'm gonna be able to avoid
jetlag a little bit because I should get
four to five hours sleep
I think I'm landing about half still in
the morning
and what bread might that's a white is
the c'mere
because there's a very exciting project
which the regional come back to the UK
firstly to make the most out of summer
is
we don't have a lot of good weather but
secondly some of you may not know this
but before I started YouTube my main
thing was that I ran a project on a
double-decker bus
probably the beginning of my channel I
still had that bus and I traveled the UK
then and now it's the start my blog each
other
but since then it's been in storage and
I haven't seen the bus properly
I never know like for years there is
second bus I also have which I didn't
use to run projects on but it was like
get you ready to be the next phase of my
project and it was all filled wars and
stuff on YouTube so I think well I just
started travelling loads so it's always
been on the back burner so we've been
behind the scenes just the thing there
and I thought why not make the most of
this summer we still got a couple of
months of good weather to renovate the
bus and to do some really fun things
with it so Mike's skills skills there is
renovation DIY stuff building super
creative he's got a whole team with it
so we're looking at the next few weeks
to make some good progress or renovate
the bust we're renovating is a half-open
table and we're looking for jacuzzi on
the top deck is something I've dreamt of
absolutely ages and hopefully we'll
actually get to do it we haven't figured
out all the logistics yeah but Mike's
gonna figure some things out and guess
so for the next two weeks it's going to
be transforming this bus and coming up
with super awesome creative ideas to do
with the bus I'm going to include you
guys tomorrow when we go see it so we're
going to land
Mike's gonna pick me up we're going to
go to this place opening storing it I'm
going to give you guys a little tour and
then I'm going to ask your input on what
we should be doing at the bus how we
should convert inside should it be a
mobile coffee shop should it be like
just a couple hangout space should we do
parties and then all of those things and
then tomorrow I'll open if your guys
ideas at the moment I'm just chatting
about how explaining it but we better
when you see it tomorrow so anyway
that's the big announcement that's the
exciting thing I'm going back to the UK
for and
cannot wait to show you guys what way I
would life used to be and my passions
and everything I've got hold since
vlogging so it's kind of like my arms
world meets my new world and bringing
you guys in for the adventure sweet I'm
gonna get some sleep now and yeah back
to the UK let's do this
peace out enjoy life
venture
