they're going today's 360s been an
exciting while we're in a helicopter
we're in Canada with our friend Bradley
and we are currently hovering over a
waterfall I don't even know where we are
where are we friendly this is called
with it's called wind Creek and with it
sorry as for the trigger one so this is
a widget Lake and widget Creek and we're
just coming up which it falls right now
for about answer which Lake tell guys
lay down there
yeah oh my gosh
how high are we Bradley Oh right now
we're 2700 feet but we're about 150
above the ground
whoa you feel that down there out there
hmm I really want to see some bears or
something this is next-level this is
Sam's this is sounds first helicopter
ride ever
this is this is g-code sapa this is a
pretty cool ride your first ever right
feel like a drone MJ I'm pretty sure the
by the rock first cause it's when you
landed off the rub
I don't think that land on this one was
rough now there's a difference
say we're down yeah we're down with
right now
do you live amp it this week all mother
nature's helipad
oh I do one more approach to that my
powers good I just wanted to do my part
there yes
Bradley's the most badass dude I know
yeah this is this is a pretty cool job
well no job for fine yeah have fun yeah
pretty cool hobby gee you don't do any
commercial something you know I don't
know I have my commercial license but I
don't I don't work commercially I got my
license as a teen thought it was going
to be a commercial helicopter pilot
turns out that nobody wants to 12 back
then 25 years ago there's basically no
18 year old commercial pilot so
everybody laughed at me to come back
when you're 30 and now now that I've got
lots hours I don't want to be one this
is a pretty Ulsan Toby thanks for taking
us up today my pleasure
are we gonna land here guys just on this
random Rock you know just catch oh oh my
god winters to cross wait for me I'll
just fight that too hard so yeah no yeah
no good landing spot yeah I've just been
to heavy right now and so alright 9 to
plan yeah we're gonna go to the beach it
will be a nice little wind landing yes
we'll do a one orbit first and then make
sure that we don't hit the drone you
know we see it I don't even know if it's
up yet but the other guys are down there
yeah
they just have cameras oh okay so we'll
come back around
so stick
so can you film a little shot on this
with the wide-angle things already
rolling
go wider
yeah yeah
all right
this is so sick
all right
damn damn Daniel Oh unbelievable
unbelievable
guys if you want to check out Bradley's
channel he films some pretty rad videos
in his helicopter I'll link that below
see you next time
that would be awesome
