good morning guys today we are going on
a bear tour
finally after weeks of wanting to see
bears I'm hoping today we actually do
this is this is our only mission
sometimes the the Bears are tucked all
the way in this dog contours of the
mountain the mountain is kind of shaped
like this so we're not just looking up
the hill we're looking down we're
looking behind us we got lots of blind
spots up here so they're really hard to
see sometimes for us but you guys in the
middle in the back you guys are the best
spot these logs here have been ripped
apart for our wall the bark has been
pulled off by the bears that's where
they aunt Maura is living under that
let's write down the bag these baobab we
have binoculars if you need them so just
grab them they're yours to use okay we
get an out Louie how happy are you right
now this is what I've won it's over it
really is all month the literate I think
I've mentioned bears and everything
we've been a bear country like you know
when I was up in Montreal and then my
California basically everywhere oh babe
they should be bears and they finally
got this place
I love this lens how can zoom all the
way in look great don't smile and slow
and sluggish movie but I think that's
this they're designed to reserve their
energy to conserve so when they have to
go they go
yep she's using her hand just like
person right how many hours a day are
they crazy like this it depends on the
bear it depends on the time of year and
what's available for food so I've seen
this one here at 8:30 this morning just
back behind us so it took a bit of a
break judging by the fur
it hasn't been laying down in the forest
because if it was it would have a bunch
of fluff all over it right from the
forest floor so it hasn't been laying
down so it's been out probably since I
saw it so that's what a couple of hours
like four hours five hours
thanks a lot
right we've just got a badge to my room
and we're about to load up the wonder
bug I'm just gonna go get it and then
we're driving back down to Seattle today
it's about 4-hour Drive and then tonight
we're flying to New York so it's gonna
be a lot of traveling it's been an
amazing time here I stay longer
go ahead
I'm going to
yeah okay we're heading just tell us
maybe birthday you happy to go back into
the America
those we've made it back to America and
it's raining it's heavily raining
I guess this is this is their Seattle
thankfully we're about to leave the
lights New York and what
26 degrees at 10:00 p.m. that is correct
well guys we made it to Seattle we've
temporarily said goodbye to be wonder
bug we've popped out somewhere and yeah
we're in the airport we're about to
check in I'm checking this booster board
because obviously I can't carry this
can't carry this one is Hannah luggage
yeah it's been a long day of driving a
long day
because we're checking things in isn't
it so I flights the lace which has given
us just enough time to get some dinner I
was pretty hungry so I ordered two
veggie burgers this may have been
slightly ambitious are you feeling okay
to go to New York yeah New York where's
our mother
thank you thank you
which don't worry guys Cisco i'ma leave
it there from next which hopefully
should be some point
yes just been an amazing few weeks
absolutely awesome today was pretty cool
seeing I wouldn't to say very close up
like the aegis and it might be happens
and then the next few days days are
going to be dedicated just for me and
Raya will be vlogging my tail out one
day off but it was actually a year ago
today that we started dating in secret
we didn't tell you guys till New Year's
but it's pretty significant this pretty
it would be pretty nice to spend lots
when together
yeah but if some fetching light in the
morning when we land in New York City is
now enjoy life
