good morning guys we've made our way
down to Whistler village today and a
pretty excited because we're going up to
the top of these mountains and we're
doing a thing called peak to peak where
there's a gondola that goes between like
two peaks right at the top apparently we
might be above the clouds so it's gonna
be pretty epic see that Lake down there
just go and behind the trees that is
where we were yesterday I just got a
cheeky little coffee walking over to the
next chair a people are skiing up here
how crazy is that
it's July and people skiing
heading into the clouds it's weird being
on a ski lift in the snow without going
snowboarding of gear this feels kind of
like magical like we're going to like
some kind of sky city loves they're so
baggy and me and riot embrace that I
handling them because why it hasn't got
any gloves but you can share mine Louise
we have a Steve he's tall enough to get
on I know you're not you can't get back
on the list
oh these tiny children getting on
they're supposed to be as big as the
bear you are not as big as the bear so
guys the last post that was supporting
us with all the way over that side of
the mountain and then we're just about
to hear this one almost three miles
apart right what has he found apparently
those are the animals that even seen a
viral video where that that and it was
like screaming
I said
so guys Bradley from the other day is on
his way to meet us at a heliport now
John's back in the wonder bug it smells
super nice I haven't been in here for a
couple of days nice - and it's one of
those days where I can't dress properly
it's like boiling hot right now sunny
but we're about to head up to the top of
a mountain again hopefully to go into a
glass here and into like a ice cave so
it's going to be freezing out there so
we're trying to UM correctly dress it's
difficult there is either now I really
have you Bradley brought his dog
guys I think this is Bradley arriving
okay guys this is Bentley hey Billy hey
oh okay this is Bentley's harness and
just pick him up okay this is favorite
thing in the world like absolutely he's
ready look at him he's just you ready
you ready good great he doesn't cower
down he shakes and he shakes them off
Wow everybody good boy sit hey Bentley
you said come here
it's amazing staying all these rivers
come from the glacier like the runoff
yeah if you can just see how much
they've receded you know this is the
start the Glacia yeah get up here this
out guys
this pivot to music festival happens
every yen this is the I believe the
third year for this iteration of the one
location that's the main stage that's
one of the two main stages so they
switch this my buddies Kevin down here
Becky runs like the official after-party
I love your life is so cool just been
out to cruise around at the helicopter
yeah
Oh guys that was for that oh we're gonna
go meet Bradley's friend hey Louis J hi
Ryan I hate you there's a hot tub
we've just been chatting to Jay he's
setting up this VIP area for this music
festival Pemberton music festival which
we aren't around for this year if you've
watched any of Ben or Steve's videos
from like two years ago you to see they
came here but I'm super tempted to come
next year now hearing all about it
sounds incredible you ready to jump back
in begging us now
the two lakes but neither 0 rivers
next glacier slides down the mountain
its grinding against the rock and it's
finding rocks against broccoli and it
turns into it's glacial flowers up it's
like welcome powder and it's superfine
and it stays and aerated star stays the
fixed in the water this hook is that
wrote Chloe that's a turquoise the net
weight that you see it because you'll
see it Joffrey's as a pure grit facial
link so this is kind of bit mixed with
other waters now and it's kind of
turning a different color of green but
when you get to job
getting this close up to the Glacia have
been overlooked down into these cracks
yeah
I think this is father the most
beautiful by Nature things I've ever
seen
yes
all right brettly and Alicia are heading
off in Bali and Bentley is he gonna get
to sit in the front I love that I love
that handle the bus
I Bradley such a legend isn't it
beautiful place you've ever been hi I
only think that is the most beautiful
places I've ever been
yeah you glad you came
right we're gonna crash now it's been
another amazing day in which life is so
good to see Bradley again and finding me
mr. Bentley and yeah just an unreal
helicopter ride
some are removing we are going on a bear
tour like a saying earlier I'm hoping we
get to see a bear finally
and then we are driving the Wonder but
back at the Seattle right caching
morning be cell enjoy life
