good morning guys we arrived late last
night at this beautiful hotel we're here
on an awesome trip sponsored by visit
Abu Dhabi we've just come down for
breakfast we have some exciting plans
for later in the day but for starters I
need two cups of coffee because we are
where we came from is currently like 9
p.m. in the evening first thing we're
doing today we've stopped at this beach
clubs sadly a beach club and never going
to go and show them one of the cabanas
how beautiful is this place I love that
they've got a DJ she is just jamming out
start off with we just got some fresh
coconuts Cheers
this is this is paradise this is so
awesome
this is just what I wanted right now
whoa we have relocated down to the beach
right saying beach is always better
there's something please 81 okay without
you guys who wins beaches or swimming
pools I think in depends if there's a
hot tub by the serene pool I could be
tempted yeah yeah it's pretty amazing
and we have this amazing food fruit
platter as well all star fruit
right we are grabbing some lunch
I got a veggie burger with some spicy
sauce and truffle fries this is this is
pretty bun this is great fun are y'all
playing some cheese today the live
saxophone as well
we're back in the car and we're now
heading to the ground musk if you
remember last time I was here I'll only
here for one day and we did get to go
check out the lost I'm a little bit
Brooke better prepared this time I was
just in the shorts and like tanga top
last time so I've got a shirt on I've
got my trousers on and yeah we're gonna
try and get there a bit earlier so we
get some cool photos and Roy has never
been before
it's gonna be epic it's gonna be able
alright we've arrived at the Sheikh
Saeed musk and I'm hoping that we can
get a tour today so we can find out a
bit more information about like the size
I don't know how long it took I think
it's one of the biggest mosques in the
world from what I remember yeah this is
this is quite spectacular I managed to
get in with some normal place Raya had
to put on this robe to be respectful
right taking the shoes off I need to try
and find dryer now
it's always fun revisiting places I've
been before and trying to figure out new
and creative kind of angles I can shoot
and take photos of of the place yeah
this is this is an incredibly photogenic
building though this is I could spend
all day here taking photographs and this
is perfect lighting Golden Hour I want
to kind of cruise it on this side though
because Suns obviously sitting over
there I've just found out some cool
things about this mosque guys firstly
this big courtyard is a hundred and
eighty thousand square feet and as you
can see it's a marble mosaic and it's
the biggest marble mosaic in the entire
world
who say guys these minarets as four of
them they are a hundred meters high each
one
it's a pretty impressive feat of
architecture
just learn some fascinating facts out
about this massive carpet so this carpet
is in nine different sections
it was woven together in a factory and
then shipped here
it weighs 35 tons and it's made from
wool that they brought in from New
Zealand and it took two years to make
we've just been allowed through the the
cordoned off tourist area this dudes
giving us a little tour wow how many
people can this room hold 8,000 and is
it ever full of people the court knows
okay I'm in the middle of the room I
love the chandelier above me woah that
is trippy so cool the security guard
knows me and Louie he recognized us from
YouTube so he let us come in even though
there's like a gated off part we were
able to come into the middle I'm
standing under the chandelier which
weighs 12 tons and something I think all
the chandeliers in this room altogether
have like forty thousand Swarovski
crystals and crazy amounts of gold and
incredible Amis is the biggest carpet in
the world so yeah you can definitely see
where the mosque gets his name of grand
mosque because it's extremely grand
beautiful and the detail I think one of
the coolest things about this is just
the detail that's got into it like every
single pillar and ceilings chandeliers
everything you can just tell I mean look
at this carpet even yeah
where we're heading now is to go and see
an exhibition that's been put up for the
10th anniversary of this place so this
place was completed in 2007 I think on
the 20th of December so we're like
almost exactly I think we're like 15
days away from the exact kind of yeah 10
year anniversary but this is it's quite
privileged being able to walk across
this main courtyard because most of the
tourists and visitors have to stick to
its kind of outer path
all right heading to the exhibition
Thanks
whoa what is this
guys this little 10 thing is called a
man apparently and it's from 1648 or
between sixty forty eight and 1687
and was it belonged to an ottoman sultan
but I'm struggling to believe this is
that old it's looks immaculate it must
have been restored looks so good it
looks like these tents were on the back
of camels and I'm guessing important
people would be inside I think one of
the things I love most about walking
around here is seeing so much history
which you don't usually see but other
times I've been in the United Arab
Emirates but you don't see the really
like ancient stuff because obviously
there's a lot of modern building here
it's a lot of new cities but this is
yeah fascinating looking into the past
and
seeing some of the artifacts from around
the world that's very educational pretty
fascinating
ah we're heading to dinner now
so you've come out to dinner to this
restaurant called the age of the Cuba
Asia to Cuba and it's basically a fusion
of Asian and Cuban food and looks
amazing it's right on the beach and we
just got our food I got this eggplant
ragout it looks amazing
truffle mashed sweet potato fries and we
got some roses spicy coconut curry yeah
and I've got some green tea because the
jet lag is so real guys we flew from
Hawaii which is 10 hours or 14 hours
different something basically it's like
morning there right now and night here
and repealing it so keep that caffeine
and this food I can edit I'm pretty
excited about these sweet potato fries I
got a Thai curry noodle thing as well
because this is awesome
Cheers
guys it's been an amazing first day in
Abu Dhabi I cannot wait to show you what
we get up to the next couple of days
thanks again to visit Abu Dhabi for
having us and yeah I'll catch you in the
morning
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
