good morning guys we've returned the
rental van we now pick it up a camera
and then we are heading to Canada and
we're all in a bit of a rush guys these
are the dream lenses this one here I
want to get this one oh my gosh
look what Sam's get in upgrading it's
finally time for an upgrade Brian times
been four years how old beer how old's
your 5d 5ds coming on five years old
down so it's time for a little upgrade
where we're heading guys we kinda get
out of town your passports how do we do
and tell us what we're doing today
helicopter ride to Lake Wright boats
just a bunch of activities on a lake in
the mountains sweet and we mean a cool
guy Bradley yeah yeah Bradley amazing a
leg we gotta hang out with awesome right
we're going and convoy these guys are
driving their car up we haven't we have
a problem what's the problem Sam's
passports in your at your house ah no ah
thank you
right go get your passport we're gonna
meet them just below the border of
Canada and then we'll cruise in have you
got your passport right yeah
guys we made it in we are officially in
Canada they had a little search of the
vehicle I was worried for a second but
it's pretty chilled I was like if they
impound this vehicle for some reason we
can still catch an uber into Canada I'm
glad I didn't happen
hey Louis how are you hi Louie Louie
Louie okay why is it Louis hey this is
the guy - have you ever connected a 360
camera to your helicopter before no I
haven't okay well I was thinking I've
got this I've got it on a pole thinking
I could just hang it out yeah I know the
doors off so I'm thinking I could just
handheld yeah got a wrist strap I can
just hold it out so here's the
helicopter this is your helicopter yeah
this is her yeah
yeah Robinson r44 beta to our beta -
Raven - still Raven and yeah I've had it
since about two years now it's a 2011
and it's it's the Honda Civic of
helicopters but it's super fun nice and
you got a channel that you yeah a little
broke I do I do adventures and stuff and
I'm always up in the mountains and film
and stuff in the mountains so people can
check me out
I'm starting another channel called
destruction by gravity dropping things
Wow okay as usual guys I'm gonna link
all that below but we are about to have
our own adventure in this helicopter I
think we've got two helicopters we're
basically moving the adventure from the
Wonder bug have you got a name for your
helicopter painted like the 18 van so I
don't know 18 straight Sanne uh-huh so I
don't really have a name for it yet but
I guess something 18 so awesome
everybody down the back so guys is quite
hazy because there was a forest fire
today how far away with it the Forester
was Crowley 50 miles away and the smoke
from it is blown up this whole valley so
it's like super hazy which makes for
cool photos I think yeah I'll get with
this sunset tonight it's gonna be
spectacular
now the silhouette sucks
I think I might ride this any other way
though I'm going to put her in so the
let's head up to the up by the Mystics
they're going to face 360s a bit of an
exciting while we're in a helicopter
so awesome guys
you
how was your flight rope incredible yeah
doesn't get old helicopter fights are
just the best so good
Sam how was it actually can you know
where the lights obsess you didn't die
don't step that's why I want a
helicopter that's why he's still alive
so I think Ali and Roya swapping for a
little bit Ellie's gonna join us we're
going to the next location now where we
going now Bradley uh we were going to
what we call proposal peak it's a I
actually surprised the buddy up there or
his girlfriend we did a wedding for was
up there no nice party suite doesn't
have a name you ready bro kiona leave
you wanna grab a rock and put it
underneath that triangle that black
thing I'm just gonna stick a rock under
it it wasn't a flat surface so I had to
just throw some rocks under there
how cool it looks like a green screen
like you're seeing them with that
backdrop we're gonna walk over to that
peak over there ah boys have got their
drones out again yes boys get your
camera's out this is pretty legit isn't
it I found the cool ledge to sit on guys
so this little ledge I'll get a nice
view that's where we just were down for
that Lake this is insane
look at that look at that reckons our
sounds gonna poke through that little
gap this er guys is stunning stunning
but also a little bit chilly even with
my gloves on on my fingers are cold how
you guys came in a little bit cold but
worth it
not t-shirt weather incorrect I think
I've got snow my
Sun is about to set about 20 minutes
look at this look at that beam of
sunlight coming through it's like heaven
it's like heaven is opening
all right we get back in
Oh
we just burned the helicopter oi why
it's gonna it's gonna fit through there
I think it's time for time for dinner
yeah bro congrats on your first le
flight thank you for thank you it's the
best day thanks to brother your new
camera and you get the flight a problem
yeah I know
great
thanks Bradley oh man I think Bradley
looks like Dan Bilzerian what do you
think I'm the anti Dexter well that was
a delicious meal Thank You Bradley my
pleasure man and uh guys if you haven't
already go and check out Bradley's
channel like I said incredible content
and he was showing us some more videos
over dinner they are insane I cannot
wait to get back out here and have some
more adventures you better get out here
yeah how's awesome Yeah right babe I
want it Willis go on the Boosters you're
not you're not taking
so from here me and Roya heading up to
Whistler we're going to be spending
three days there I'm actually doing my
final stay with the Fairmont we're going
to be doing some cool activities up
there and we're actually having a bit of
a romantic few days because it's our
anniversary from dating one year ago but
these guys are off they're heading back
down to Seattle pleasure mania clean
amazing yeah I think that you're going
to come to the UK right next month
that's what we're going to see these
guys again the all drive back their
flights at like 6 a.m. like five and a
half a out oh my gosh anyway I don't
want to do this right bro come on come
on this is kind of sad the moon so much
limit lost like four weeks together
non-stop having adventures this is the
start of a new era in our lives
right it's been incredible thank you
guys and you guys have been talking
about how incredible Samms content and
video clips and stuff been as an
addition some of my blogs if you haven't
already checked his channel out he's got
load of cool stuff I don't know it's
just been amazing to create and
collaborate and do something bigger than
just what I usually do so exciting I'm
looking forward to more for that thank
you and then finally these guys
Alan Rob absolute legends you have made
this trip awesome and you may know
they're both incredible instagramers
they also now have started YouTube and
how close to you to 10k subs I'm like
700 are he's like 700 love wait that's
hardly any of you need to just go over
and click Subscribe or link all of this
stuff as usual below and at the end of
the video but he's always been amazing
filming and having these adventures with
so many other awesome creators and
it's going to just be me and Ryan now
heading on we've arrived
our hotel in Whistler never been to
whistle it before quite looking forward
to the next few days
it's like 2:00 a.m. definitely time to
get some sleep I'm going to take
tomorrow off it's been pretty does wear
away every clothes yeah these catch up
it's meditating and relax and spend some
quality solar dryer as well we are I'm
gonna get some sleep
like I said earlier guys go and check
out Bradley's YouTube channel and link
it here and and all the other guys it's
been an amazing time and yeah I'll catch
you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live Adventure Bay
