good afternoon guys
we had a long sleep last night catching
up on a bit of rest
we've now driven out into the forest I
think we're kind of near Seattle
somewhere anyway we've come to this
place called the Vance Creek Bridge
which is another famous instagrammed
bridge that you probably would have seen
pictures of it's like a railway bridge
375 feet above the bottom of the ravine
we're going to go sit on it take some
photos got the whole squad well the rest
of the squad anyway we lost we lost a
few last night hi boys are you ready for
this adventure
Rob's leading the way how many times are
you being a robbed pretty familiar with
this is a proper trek to get here which
is pretty cool and see give a little
blackberry and they're not quite they're
not quite ripe yeah yeah fats Creek
so apparently this is the second highest
railway bridge in America it's obviously
wool
it's obviously not active anymore
they've dismantled the track each side
but this has been left
how you feelin Sam a little bit rickety
these these beans are running and not
like what a V oh my gosh this is pretty
scary hanging up there I can't believe a
parity simple fine balance that little
outcrop these beams and pick up in there
I imagine that what
yeah the wind definitely creates that
extra element of danger up here Rob
almost lost his hat
I saw it blow up the edge now lucky can
you get down there we did drop in a bit
uh yeah there is like a show a little
hike you can do down the mountain right
there get you down you can say cool
angle over the bridge as well this is
like a good level of adrenaline I've got
going right now okay lots of it yeah
the people base-jump of it I don't I
mean I have a bun they jump the other
buddy-buddy job yeah okay there seems to
be a beam missing in the middle here you
could definitely pull through there guys
this one's wobbly and then there's like
so many missing beans three missing
right oh my gosh someone's just like set
fire to the toe area
Kien I'm so keen for coffee
oh yeah let's go get coffee to be is
that like mine in like orgasmic now
selling coffee cataclysmic is good any
gentleman Dutch brothers catching it
over 400 feet drop nailed it
how did you enjoy phonce Creek Bridge as
I Matt it's good yeah a little bit
sketchy as you can probably see yeah we
have lost Roya she's uh she's headed
back to be honest I don't blame her this
is it is not the it the whole time I've
kind of got these butterflies in my
stomach because I if you're not even
scared of heights
yeah scary yeah like one point is enough
and I think it's because there's rotten
wood and some of them are missing which
means some of them have fallen
and yes brav yeah
Sam vans lied no no that looks really
just one dive off the end sounds talking
about shimmying out to the edge there
attached to the hole boy that's too lit
that's higher than you think whoa yeah
your weight gets out there it's just
completely gonna slide off it's gonna go
well I wouldn't know what it will ping
and then it was slide gonna land on a
tree well I had my moment yeah good
something we're good I think we're ready
to roll I think we're ready to roll
oh no no no no nah some of you fan of
this for him decide not to do it he's a
pretty big Sam Sam Sam can't handle it
the Lightning hasn't been ideal for
photos for this little excursion it's a
little bit harsh
but I still think we might have some
bangers pretty sure I've got some cool
winter scrunch from today learning from
the best
Instagram masters back at the vans
we're obviously very trusting right now
he's letting sound control his boosted
board
so it's now time to cruise into Seattle
got a few things to pick up I've got to
do some editing to catch up and yeah
we're going to make a plan for this
evening
so I'm going to do some follow cam of
the Wonder bug on the booster board for
a little bit
yeah all right
Wow
ah
yes buddy boy the wind is catching me
that was so much fun
Oh
so guys I just jumped out at a FedEx
office and picked up these bad boys when
we stopped in the GoPro offices down in
San Francisco they offered to replace
the GoPros that I broke when I was in
Hawaii and we went underwater with a 360
and I flooded the ring and they all
broke so four brand new hero fours
blacks oh yes thanks GoPro this means
when I go on a helicopter ride tomorrow
which I think's the plan over try and do
a 360 off the helicopter it's gonna be
silent we have finished dinner I got
little cheeky coffee you know we're
heading back to Rob's house where we're
gonna be staying tonight and it's about
half an hour away and now I'm going to
sort out my GoPro for our helicopter
flight tomorrow and I don't know what
else we're down we're still going to
cinema was it too late so Rob is kindly
invited us all to stay at his house
tonight
which is pretty good because I had a lot
of dirty laundry so I've got some
clothes washing I've been doing a lot of
laptop Club he's actually now the early
hours of the morning and but I'm quite
excited about tomorrow we have we have a
lot to do actually we've got to go and
run some errands in the morning it's the
last day that we're all together
Mia me and Riya are driving up to
Whistler just above Vancouver tomorrow
night but before that we are like I said
going out some helicopter adventures so
I've just taken on the GoPros out the
packets I'm going to have to charge all
these batteries up and then replace two
of the lenses to fix my 360 rig and
hopefully I can get it working
has said that he's tried to fix a 360
camera to a helicopter before but it's
too shaky and gives you that kind of
jelly warp so I might just put it on a
selfie stick and hang out the door
hopefully that works but yeah this is
going to be pretty amazing and I'm also
very grateful thanks again to GoPro fer
replacing these and sending them to me
and getting them to me on time as well
for this is like they said in like two
days ago from San Francisco so yeah I
think we're all good I'm going to get
some sleep now guys and I will catch in
the morning peace out
enjoy life lift the adventurer boom
