this is the plot of 17 youtubers in one
hotel room at 3:00 a.m. what's going on
here this is the the king of awakens
you're gonna pass this on stop look for
me I mean I just didn't laugh them off
retake oh okay well there you go guys
that's what happened at a party I'm
trying to get some edit editing done and
then we're gonna go chill by the pool
get some lunch in a bit it's a great day
alright
we've got ten people and we're road
tripping from Anaheim to Seattle over
the course of a week and right now in
our hotel room from VidCon we are
planning Airbnb and planning rental cars
or planning locations this is going to
break the Internet
allow me to introduce to you the squad
strong ally M Taylor dagger brother
number one dagger brother number 2
Samuel Earth Alex Hayes there we call
Michelle are you ready
we've got the whole crew here wait we
got the whole crew almost the whole crew
we're just planning where we're going to
stay in tonight and stuff the exciting
news is I have might have just convinced
Jesse to join us on this crazy trip and
this is unlike Jesse this is like a new
era in his life and this is like the
spontaneous kind of stuff that that
changes you do I need to live the
adventure joining us well in fact I feel
really really you it's kind of like a
trip that these guys are planning anyway
there I'll share all their content below
they make do incredible Instagram but
YouTube basically the whole bunch of us
cruising on this trip and it's just
exciting on many levels I think is this
amazing creators a lot of creativity I
don't know this is what the Adventure
Squad is all about yeah this it's all
about that's what it's all about a squad
it's all about squad and it's all about
this guy supernova the wonder bug you
guys ready for this
we're picking up our rental van we've
got a lot to do today guys and I'm
struggling to get my blog finished it's
very difficult when you around people
with everyone's having fun to like look
yourself away and edit I need to do that
as soon as we get back to the hotel all
right we've got the van it's coming in
hot yeah boy that is big
I will just come into the camera shop
and testing a new lens this is the 24 to
70 G mask Sony every lens I might stop
vlogging on this doesn't give me the the
same telescopic ability the 24 to 45
apparently it's way crisper and it's got
a lower aperture so let's see how this
looks and this is the 16 to 35 few of
the other guys have been using I like
how wide it is on mytcc some shots as
well 16 what do you guys think guys I
decided to get a few new lenses these
are the ones I was testing if any of you
know anything about lenses you might
like this guy the Gulag gear I'm now
gonna drive via a car wash just to get
the Wonder bug in its best condition
before we head off I'm gonna try and get
a wax done on it as well so get nice and
shiny
okay guys an amazing thing just happened
we've been to three car washes to try
and get the wonder bug cleaned and
polished and they've all without having
been over the help and in this place
they're like yeah we could do it it's
gonna take two hours and we closed in
half an hour so it's not possible
something like really bummed out and
then just as we're about to leave the
daughter of the owner here recognize me
from YouTube came over started chatting
and then she's persuaded her dad to stay
open longer to wash and polish the
Wonder bug so I am just uh that's the
last thing I wanted to do today you know
when you've got like a list of things
you want to get done that's the last
thing and now it's happening oh so good
and I just need to run
get my vlog uploaded and then we're
heading up so not a big fan of Denny's
in general but look what I found
this is a double veggie burger with
avocado stuff with loads of different
vegetables I think this is a good this
is a good meal this is pretty good what
do you guys get it's cranberry salad yes
I'm not eating matter like me yeah
whatever
oh dude oh my gosh oh it literally looks
like brand new like Oh incredible it's
looking so good oh my god
yet again we've just up this buses
we've just realized that there's a VW
badge underneath the wheel so Louise now
trying to get this wheel off
I don't recall buying tickets to the gun
show look at that
got some veined right there damn Louie
you got it she's got the last guy oh I
need to take this on yeah so there's a
sick little VW bad under here but it's
scratched paint and a big dent which I
think we're gonna have to get some work
done on it
so for now we're gonna leave the wheel
in place
guys look at the final result she is
looking brand-new we've even got this
chrome wheel on the front now taking the
cover off cleaned it all up
big thanks to Daytona Car Wash sort us
out staying open after hours oh my gosh
this is just incredible so this is
Alejandra and Monique they sort us out
they persuaded their dad to stay open
longer thank you so much have a great
night bye we're back the crew have been
chillin all day hi Jesse you coming bro
you're coming on the trip
okay we're leaving a little bit later
plans but we've eaten with edited we've
slipped and yeah saying goodbye to Jeff
Jeff it's been an amazing time
high five high five good to see you
again yeah as you have a wonderful year
we'll probably catch our order you back
in California maybe come and visit me
the other Thank You Betty yeah sweet
right let's do this we're gonna try and
drive about four hours up towards San
Francisco and we've got an air B&B
booked tonight and we've got the two
vehicles we're calling the white band
the Megatron to go the Megatron and the
Wonder Bo Ryan look how shiny the Wonder
bug is
but you think she looks so great oh my
gosh Jessie what do you think about ride
we've renamed it we've renamed this that
was the original name
we are going to be firing all the way up
the west coast guys look who is picked
up is Carrie and alex and marko where is
it yeah we've got the whole squad now
and Raya and Carrie a kindly taping on
the lights that have been flapping all
over the place the place is showing up I
think one of the neighbors probably
called the police on us
she's a so what's going on here I was
like uh we're just going on a road trip
you know thrown a bunch of stuff in the
car see oh cool man I just got back from
a road trip to Vegas all right I went to
EDC I was like yeah I was like not
expecting that police' : LA
that your bedroom we only just arrived
yeah this is amazing wait yes bro it is
5:30 everyone's come to bed it's pretty
late I'm super excited about this road
trip it's the first proper live the
adventure trip that's happened and yeah
it's an amazing group of people I cannot
wait for the adventures we have to get
luck and yeah
can I try and get some sleep now and get
what I vlog up got you guys in the
morning
peace out into a life live the adventure
