good morning guys voice actually just
turned off the moon and the first thing
I'm gonna do today is meet all these
lovely people
hey wait I'm a little bit late but this
is one of the things I love about face
bone is hanging out all those people
that watch my videos
litora Jeff side the meet up and this
guy only he was on a panel yesterday
part they live the adventures up now he
does show me this after he's done which
I saw intact let's do that may I show
you how inside of this nice peace out
enjoy life and live event Oh got my
coffee sound the legend just dropped out
guys we're a good chunk of the way
through the meet-and-greet and I am
loving the cheese this is like them this
is like they hide to my blog hey I put
any up on my shoulders you can feel what
it's like to be a giant well I'll take
you down is it scary out there so guys a
B volunteers in Tanzania she does work
with deaf people and she's gonna teach
me in sign language how to say peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure okay
go for it
yeah then halfway through I'm eating
Greek that little kid that came oh my
gosh that's like the best time of any
meeting great I've ever had is like so -
yeah I just love it it's amazing seeing
the variety of viewers I have I'm now
gonna have a little snack little
five-minute break and then being another
250 people think yeah I've said it
before but this is one of the things I
enjoy most about this corn or any of the
other conferences is actually getting to
meet you guys and hear a bit about you
and and I don't know it makes you a
little bit more real with me so guys
we've got a little lounge here with
chilli now have a little break
who do I bump into but the og crew
serious Toya this is my garden this yeah
this is like the original if any of you
be much much Hannah from the start these
guys brought me into this world like so
I put me out with me to LA it was just
like the best man
and yeah you get to hang out much that's
true so we need to I'm going to show you
these guys the wonder bug later we're
going to go for a little cruise turn the
sound system shall we
okay guys it's like 20 people left in
the line of thing and I'm signing all my
posters I'm giving away bunch we like
got a few hundred printed so I've got
some live the adventure posters these
aren't even available these are like
exclusive just for VidCon people that
are coming to meet me
I finished my meeting gree is amazing to
see you guys we are now heading out for
some dinner
Geoff's joining us and the whole prairie
and there's not these people they're
just in the elevator we're going into
wunderbar I'm so excited it's my
favorite part of the day is showing Jeff
you look good up in the shotgun Caesar
guys how funny with that literally put
another lights and everyone is dancing
get Alucard first time in the ones about
dear please do we get road warrior
approval and I say yeah okay bye we're
popping in here now get some fuck guys
check out this spot I just had like the
best spring roll out of my life at now a
start time and got my coconut and though
you've been fishing the coconut flesh
out right
okay so risotto be like have to eat all
the coconut meat it's obvious been
stabbed with one food
bird for Louie
it's pretty good pretty good back in the
band
guys that was so funny on our way back
in we just drove past the line of the
party the major party which we're about
to go to and we were blasting the cheese
making quite a spectacle
we've now got dress ready for the party
look how gorgeous royal X it's gonna be
a good night for the whole crew the
whole squads ready yes arriving to the
party
there is scary lady on stilts does that
remind you of the scary stilt people
hello so tonight is the maker party
this is the last proper night at VidCon
we are staying around Leicester tomorrow
but this is this is it and we're hanging
out with Alex yeah
we're finally heading to the dance floor
I think it's time for a Booya it's
definitely time we're going in we're
going in we're going in
thank you
are you ready I'm ready oh it's great oh
I haven't introduced him here yeah this
is there anyway okay give it slow down
Sam what's going on I would Louise my
friend and I'm Louie's friend and any
friend of each of us is a friend of us
and this guy right here is one of my
very best friends in Australia this is
Sam everybody hello and although he
doesn't have a YouTube channel he has
one of the most beautiful instagrams on
Instagram he takes the most stunning
underwater photography and you coaching
Matt Matt Cimber a linker below
literally he's gonna be joining us for
this road trip the post VidCon right
here we spin up spin
with different climate that's the way
when you have a girl climbing up balls
my heart is so fresh will ain't nothing
left
this is the way Puma who woulda guessed
super sleigh less I'm heaven-sent
there's a reason why I said fuck you
that's right
you couldn't even compare this you need
sometimes I brought you in there that's
right put you up in the air first class
you couldn't get there
you couldn't prepare me everything I do
is resign I swear it ain't fair oh I
just take a break
I'm popular Italy is right girl here's
the key see you and I'm gonna stop take
another breath what time's it like 2:30
3:00 it's 3:00 a.m. it's Pizza time
it's piece of time we've got four XL
pizzas
but the problem is we've got and this
isn't gonna last long
well guys that turned into a bit of a
crazy party and which then moves to the
hot tub outside we snuck in after hours
it's just been great catching up people
it's been another man's day at big pond
this is actually the last day tomorrow
things are winding down we're gonna
chill and then in the evening we're
heading off on a bit of an epic road
trip back in the wonder bug I'll see you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life
