good morning guys it is bright and early
it's about 8:30 in the morning and we
are strolling down to a dive center
where we're going to be heading out to
do a morning of scuba diving which is
pretty exciting it's been something
we've wanted to do on this trip and
haven't got around to yet we wanted to
do in Egypt but that we got there too
late and because we've been flying so
regularly you have to wait some time
between kind of diving and flights but
because we're gonna be in Hawaii for the
week and this is a perfect time so yeah
it's gonna be it's gonna be good I'm
hoping the conditions are kind of good
visibility seems like the perfect day to
me
we were ready to roll and I did however
guys find out last night that there's a
scuff on my red filter that I purchased
I haven't even used this yet and I just
got that and these are pretty expensive
and I just had to buy another one this
is this is like $50 here which is
painful but I need to get the good food
you know look after this one I think it
comes with it with the little case
all right you're looking forward to this
JP so much I've been wanting to dive on
this trip to sell offers and look how
clear it is like that's the Clearasil
whatever the you are interest rate to
that
so we're heading out good news water
temperatures temperatures to 26 degrees
it looks very clear parent a visibility
of a hundred feet
we've just spied some whales humpback
whale oh my gosh
we've arrived at the first dive site the
echo visibility
beyond exceptional visibility the whales
are long gone but they were that was
pretty special seeing them seeing the
tails flick out of the water jump in but
I'm actually so excited
so this first dive is called pipe dreams
and there's a bit man-made hike that
they were using for some kind of
research or something
and apparently goes super super deep but
it's like this channel is human we can
go and cheat him but they really know
what to expect that sounds cool
alright first I've done pretty epic I
got a little bit too excited and used
all my hair up though quite quickly I
think the second dive I'm gonna pace
myself a bit more that tunnel that like
pipe was so cool going in and then just
seeing this like big shoal of fish like
it's just creeping the darkness it's a
lot of a lot of marine life down there
well me and JP were hoping we'd see like
something bigger like a tear to the
shark that maybe on the next time
so good to die
guys that ii i've definitely the
highlight of the of the whole day was
seeing the mannery it's just humongous
just like I looked over and someone was
just like pointing above me and I looked
up and it's just I can't even describe
it and so excited we're gonna get to see
him tonight as well did you enjoy the
man all right
have you seen about Dre's before nope
stingrays no matter is they're huge but
it makes me wonder if
what an incredible morning I have been
reminded of how much I love diving I
really do
I don't enough is however quite
exhausting so jp's run back to the hotel
to have a little nap before our third
dive of the day - tonight with the manta
diving and it also kind of works of a
bit of an appetite so I'm stopping for a
late lunch at this pizza place this is a
vegan pizza and this is the only size
they do so it's a it's a large pizza I
don't think I'm gonna finish it all but
I can take some away with me I'm ready
for food okay we managed to rest back at
the hotel briefly got some food and now
we're coming out for the night dive with
Kona ocean adventures we we arrived a
little bit later these boat guys have
been waiting for us patiently and yeah
we're heading out the Sun is setting
it's gonna be an exciting night
we're getting about manta rays but they
do move pretty fast at you when they're
wanna get out there that can go about 35
miles
okay we're just pulling up to the spot
where all the mantas are waiting I'm so
excited this is where we were last time
we came looks like there's a few baits
here already
good job team good job well guys it's
been an exhausting day but a lot of fun
I am gonna sign out here I think I'm
gonna tuck into some of this piece of I
got earlier luckily our room has a
microwave and yeah and then crackin with
some editing I guess I guys I'll see you
guys in the morning and if you are
coming to the Big Island of Hawaii and
want to do some scuba diving I'll link
the two companies that we went diving
with today and yeah I'd highly recommend
heading out it's pretty beautiful the
conditions are good and yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed some of the underwater
adventures we had today peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
