good afternoon guys it's the first day
of VidCon I'm heading to my first event
that I'm supposed to be taking part in
I'm actually a little bit lost I'm not
gonna have to get there yeah this is
gonna be an awesome few days catching up
with friends meet people meet you guys
at you here so today we've got a
challenge on the stage and the challenge
is to laugh without smiling so I'm
competing against some other youtubers I
remember Cyr doing this years ago time
just watching back a video of his where
he's demonstrating how to laugh with us
I'm gonna take some advice with me and
Jack
I think glozell is gonna kill it
I think she's gonna kill it
as I suspected flows they'll killed it
she killed it
how does a bit of fun there okay guys
I've met back up with Sam and his friend
Rachelle and we are now heading I've got
another panel and I haven't really
looked at what this is but it's called
how to be yourself be kind and be
curious okay so so we'll say but I'm
about one minute late for it so I'm
gonna run in and do the double-entry
enjoy we're now running
I'm sorry I got laughs he's making an
insurance people let's give them
applause hello so I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry
hey okay right we're getting the car
back to the hotel which is very far away
we just finished a panel the great just
all the tick I'm still turn upload my
vlog guys I'm so sorry I've literally
the reason why I said I've had a
stressful day earlier when I was at
Grace is because I have been talking to
the internet here and it's impossible
I've got like a little Wi-Fi box which
is slow I'm trying to at the moment I'm
currently tethering off my phone the
hotel internet they seem non-existence
is about 3,000 youtubers trying to
upload videos but you know one of those
challenges I think it's time for some
Thai food today is the day that Britain
decides whether it's gonna leave the EU
or not and we've just looked at the
results and I'm shocked that most people
are saying they want to leave the EU why
why are people saying that look sixteen
point four million people want to leave
and only 15.3 want to stay and and this
is terrible
the pound has plummeted in value
basically our whole worlds are falling
apart
okay maybe not quite maybe not as bad as
other parts the world but still it feels
like it we've just left the room and we
don't want to get into a party there's
loads of people here say hello everyone
we've got the exploring career member
joschwa Japan these boys
yes we're gonna try and get into a fight
yeah I've done it I hear music I hear
music
Wow I wear the original oh geez penny
boarding in Winter Park what place we
have a penny board
we've left the party it's like 1:30 in
the morning and guys devastating news I
just found that out well I've been
following it a bit earlier but basically
David Cameron's now stepped down as
Prime Minister and I think I think the
UK from what I understand has left the
EU which is just absurd and I don't
usually talk about political stuff on my
channel but it's a terrible mistake
anyone with any intelligence would see
that so it's gonna cause some problems
with link over the next I don't know how
long it's gonna last I don't really know
what's gonna happen but it's it's gonna
cause travel problems and it's gonna
make mean a lot people can't stay in the
UK anymore it's just division basically
it's just dividing instead of uniting
yes guys have been waiting to do this
all day
we are heading out in the wonder bug oh
I've been wanting to show I've been
wanting to show the book show it off
it's there she's missed you just as much
as you've missed it her carry and we got
the bag of brave we got Josh
I know but that's the perfect time to
show for sound system
so I thought since we were passing a
7-eleven on our little cruise I thought
oh boy a bag of bananas
after party in the room boy yes yes boys
say you're leaving tomorrow it's been
random today guys but hopefully you've
enjoyed taking a log and yeah tomorrow
we have quite an exciting panel on live
the adventure and we're evolving a few
of the other travel vloggers and it's
it's gonna be yeah I'm gonna be
announcing some exciting news
so watch tomorrow and you'll hear all
about it
I'll see you then peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
