Oh
now if you want it then I know we Bester
sounds good morning Sleeping Beauty Oh
welcome to Idaho I'm gonna I'm gonna let
Louie take over the voice yeah like six
and a half we got we got there you know
let the the actual owner of this vlog
take over look because I kind of
hijacked this down the water oh my gosh
okay right
apparently is coffee time which is great
with me and I feel like fully rested up
and ready to do a driving properly yes
worried that we've had like broken
sleeve and then we'd like to LA we gonna
make it we're gonna make it go
well laptop Club is in full swing
and we found like they come to sofa in
the world to chill
before we jump back on the road we're
going into this pawn shop to buy a
guitar and maybe a furnace
maybe a Bernero guys we found some
bongos okay okay we've got our drums
we've got some other bits and bobs got
guitar yeah we're gonna have a musical
adventure right we tried a little DIY
thing on the van the the throttle cable
was a bit slack and we were stalling a
lot I was like this isn't a big problem
we reason fully certified mechanic is
written is tighten the cable by trimmed
the cable which I was not supposed to do
hey there's another adjusting screw
somewhere and
and I think I've done something bad it's
not a big deal but we've had to just
quickly pull into the weekend X to have
a quick look at it
gonna give us an assessment maybe get
something repaired he's done goofed it
so guys I'll show you what I did
this cable here is connected to the
throttle or accelerator and it was loose
so we were stalling so when I was idling
when the end is just running it wasn't
keeping the engine going it's just
stalling so I thought right and it's
tighten it so I've stupidly trimmed to
the end I cut the end off and the Harry
that's not why I supposed to do her knee
I supposed to tighten a little screw
down here today so now it's too tight
and it's over revving what's the
diagnosis well we don't really have
enough cable did you trimmed it yeah we
can't get there from here okay so we're
gonna have to skin this cat a different
way how difficult would it be to replace
the throat okay but oh Jesus got a big
job well you're gonna get all underneath
the car and go all the way from the
throttle cable back well your biggest
problem let me find anyone nobody's
gonna have one they're gonna order one
it's gonna be like six to 12 weeks it's
gonna come from the rings of Neptune you
know what I mean okay yeah it's maybe
you can call around but what if you
FedEx it from the rings in that chin no
maybe a week Oh guys I messed up
big-time I messed up exactly
never try to deal I repair VW campervan
that's why the less today the good
lesson learned
do not try a Zi Rui
the ingenuity but I was trying ya know
the place and blues to be very thing
me and Sam are leaving the wonder bug
they've said it's gonna take between an
hour to two hours to repair which is
good and it's gonna cost like 80 bucks
so I'm happy 80 parts and these girls
have just walked over and found us
Hannah and Hailey and they're going to
take us to find some lunch because
conveniently it's lunch time so
hopefully we won't be too delayed and on
Drive else they do in a crisis but eat
your heart out exactly so we were you
driving past and he's fighting me guys
just as a knife wouldn't advise getting
in strangers cars yeah but we like I
trusted these girls yeah they're they're
not crazy
Hey they're too nice but in general
Dostum okay look him straight in the eye
and if they have that crazy
you run obviously don't don't
lunch is done green Thai curry
time to hit back see how the Wonder bugs
doing all right way back Sam's going to
sleep a bit more because he's only hit
for two hours and I'm going to do some
editing I've set up a little editing
booth here on these tires outside the
mechanics place hopefully they're
they're okay with that are you going
over there bro to time the PowerPoint
it's like that it's like that disc was
made for you
that is the men so happy guys he's all
sorted it's fixed hopefully backhanded
again with a sick road trip slight delay
slight error on my part but yeah still
we're not we're not running late yet we
gave ourselves a bit of time no we just
ourselves what fill out numbers this 30
US dollars panting is the world's
tiniest gas tank the world's smallest
gas tank back tourists
those just the unfortunate essentials of
any road trip
okay guys we are taking a little break
from Utah because Devin lives here
you guys remember Bevin I'm here with
Tory it's bro and making field today and
just to happen we were driving through
town and I think David lives around this
summer so I dropped him a message and
the timings worked out perfectly we're
gonna go grab some dinner together
before me and Sam continue our trip down
to LA we're taken to the best Indian
food
Bar None so I'll let you be the judge on
it I really believe that about yes
phenomenal okay well better than India
look at this feast I've never had this
before this is mushroom Sala da got some
onion bhajis what did you guys so I got
this really bad habit that every time I
eat a restaurant I take my leftovers and
then put them in the fridge in the
camper van and then I don't I don't eat
them so I've got like Thai food Chinese
food and and now I'm gonna have Indian
food in the fridge and in like three
days time I'll probably throw it all out
I just don't like wasting stuff you know
so guys we just popped in to Devon's
house before we head off for our night
drive and I was gonna show him some
clips I've filmed so this is the little
hard drive I carry around with me two
terabytes and it's lost me about two
months but there's never-before-seen
ain't gonna proving myself Devon just
shows me his hard drives these are a
couple we have about four times as many
in our offices these are 32 terabytes
each every one of them they are the max
but is absolutely
content from all your other point back
but then we have hard drives downstairs
that have hard drives over there like
hard drives yeah these are like that but
you have to do that the back of your
fridge yeah I knew that my game yeah
right sounds being driving for the last
couple of hours I've had been having a
little nap in the back just woken up
it's my shift we've got eight hours to
go to LA so it's 2:00 a.m. now I think
we should be getting yeah around
lunchtime tomorrow
maybe in the afternoon it's been a fun
day I'm glad we managed to get the old
one wonder bug sorted after the little
mishap this morning yeah lots of driving
great to see Devin and you know I'm
super excited for VidCon whoa nicely
well bro good job seen the money guys
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
