good morning guys we are leaving our
beautiful tented paradise and we're
heading off on the last day of our
incredible Montana adventure I'd love to
know from you guys what you've enjoyed
the most about this week and what
activities you've seen that you thought
you'd like today like the ranch we
stayed on the horse riding the ghost
town exploration and the national parks
and this beautiful scenery I'd also like
to thank Montana
tourism for inviting us on this
incredible trip and I've linked below
you guys to check out their site and
plan your own Montana moments trip I'd
highly recommend it if you haven't seen
the vlog from this week you've got to
check them out firstly because we bought
this magnificent beast the Wonder bug
and secondly because sounds been here
helping me with all the videography
braai this has been a sick week in there
staying shuttered got in my life so and
check samms content out as well i've
been linking them at the end of each
video and we're gonna be doing a lot
more work together week he's working on
an amazing like roundup video this whole
week this beautiful montage but all the
sexiest shots for his vlogs are gonna be
put into like a music video this week
and yeah amazing cinematographer and ryr
as well she's been vlogging some little
bits yay right you ready for breakfast
the next plan for today is real getting
in this bad boy what even is this it's
massive this this is insane we have all
the paperwork signed the SAMS just
connecting the gopro a feeling Riya you
ready yeah
check this out
isn't that the most glorious fear you've
ever seen as I'm saying look we need to
look a little counts lawyer this is the
spot right this is the spot we have
decided that after we return the ATV
we're gonna drive the Wonder bug to this
exact spot bro we've got to come back to
Montana yeah 100%
sadly Roya is heading off today she's
going to LA we're all gonna be meeting
there like I said the other day Carrie
left yesterday me and Sam are driving
the Wonder bug back and yeah she needs
to be at the airport in like an hour an
hour so we better head off I just want
to stay here forever Sam's gonna have a
little jumping drive asleep or what's
the B is it B on there
how's that bro we did it oh my gosh guys
that was oh oh this thing this thing is
nipping me this thing is fast in there
time to head to the airport Sam's just
giving the Wonder bugaloo a drink little
trades we have to do every hour anything
she ghazals
never to the Giro let the trouble let
the trouble again so we are heading back
now to the top of that mountain that we
to the ATV up let's see how the Wonder
bug does
ooh
ooh
get out of town oh my God look at this
ways oh no we're in heaven we made it
seem at more importantly she made it you
know the old girl okay let's join this
yes ruff got it got it so on the first
day of our Montana trip
we bought some hammocks which we haven't
used yet and we thought this could be an
ideal spot to string one up so we're
gonna hang one from the camper van to
this tree over here and it's the most
stunning views yeah hammock test take
one
hey wait we are pro homemaker that way
we have Pro lures all right I can sleep
like this
sure - rad photo
when you're literally getting the best
instagrams known to man that my
instagrams from this trip are gonna be
unreal guys I'm quite behind then
they're not the same I don't I'm not
posting them real-time I'm like two or
three weeks behind and waves to ground
skills like priorities get my vlogs
edited but yeah just you wait just you
wait
also if you haven't yet make sure you're
following the wander bug on Instagram
that is our account we've started it
it's wonder like you know wandering
around w8 ndr yeah yeah anyway I'll link
it below but we're gonna be posting some
rad instagrams from this whole trip and
other adventures that are to come
samms go in the hammock alright how nice
is that
yeah yeah I'm telling you that is prime
sleeping time to roll
we are very ambitiously attempting to
drive this down to LA as I said I don't
know how far we're gonna get tonight but
we're gonna take it in shifts
I'm guessing well I'm thinking I should
drive down
well Sam has been a bit of a Ledge
driving the first few hours we're still
on our way down through Montana I think
we're going to be entering Utah at some
point later tonight fueling up again and
yeah I'm gonna carry on my edit and then
do some driving bong a sign out of log
here I just want to say again it's been
incredible traveling this week in
Montana and like I said at the beginning
of log guys go and check out Montana
tourism licking the Lincoln and below
you can see some of the amazing trip so
you could have here and I'm sure some of
you are already planning to visit and
I'll see you in the morning I don't know
which state I'm going to be in but we're
gonna be well on our way well on our way
to LA peace out enjoy life and live the
Adventure Bay
