good afternoon guys we have left
Blacktail ranch we have driven to East
Glacier Park Village where we're waiting
for some guy who's gonna take us to see
a herd of bison which it's gonna be
pretty awesome
we are just eating some pie drinking
some coffee and it's been a fun morning
so far through the nice little Drive
I find your waking our plane did not
sleep much last night like literally
like an hour and a half this is the guy
with me in why we're following Sheldon
Sheldon take us to the poison he
probably can't handle we're going
offroad
okay Kerry what do you think what do you
think we're good guys we have found the
bicep
well Sheldon's found the bison for us
awesome they look like the hen shits in
chess cows ever what did you say they
look like they've been bloke just
working out out but you know those guys
that like those are the skip leg day we
jumping out hey Louie so what's your job
here I come out here every day can make
sure I'd like them to I have to get them
in laughter we get done in their field
all the time because sometimes your
ranch is kind of getting mad if they get
out of the pasture here so the hole all
the way around here six foot fence okay
and who owns them okay cool yeah so I I
got hired by them to take care of them
and this is a pretty good job you know I
enjoy yeah it's hard someday to just lay
back you know so on our language we call
Amy beanie
what's your language Blackfoot that's
the name of the language good can I take
this out whoa yeah so they're just like
shed their wool
hi Alan this guy's called Alan see this
is kind of crazy because you don't
really allow hey is that rare to say and
they must know we're friendly they are
so close if they stopped charging I'm
just gonna run behind the one device
rollin trainings no jump in there so did
they start talking we should get
underneath your tree there little
rehearsal and we're safe but now you're
showing them your tricks now they know
what you guys are gonna do that the is
that Alan guys that got us surrounded
I'm at the drone these bison but we
think they might run the other thing
just hoping they run them
you're evil
describe the spiritual significance of
bison is that is it particularly this
and I'm always it all animals have we do
pray a lot to the to the Buffalo because
it's in a lot of our stories yeah we do
pray that other animals like bears we
pray the prayers you can't forces out
there any Native Americans still living
super traditionally or you know we live
in houses yeah but there's a lot of
people left like our life we do our
ceremonies over here ceremony going on
we have to go yeah that's cool it's a
good life you know it's you know it
really stole my life down but it maybe
straighten up the main thing which you
always in the herd is the bowl is not
delete it yeah baby
yeah the females leader is it's a Native
American culture the women the leaders
if there's one thing that you would love
the world to learn from Native American
culture what would you love to share
with people things that you found or way
of living no respect you'd rather have
the respect yeah
so we've just arrived our accommodation
for the next couple of days this is
Glacia under canvas it's basically like
this big camping ground and we found a
friendly cat that is sweet like a scarf
it's like a neck warm up so we're gonna
get soaked here bringing our bags in and
then got an exciting plan for this
evening we are heading over to Andy's
hotel and Lee who we bought this bad boy
off and we're gonna go have dinner with
him
right we're checking out our
accommodation yes
little wood burner that is what we're
talking about right let's go see Andy
this is Andy's grandson daughter and
it's his birthday today happy birthday
my yeah so we just had the most
delicious dinner great conversation and
now Carter taking us on a little tour of
property so this is all abandoned you
renovated it still like this is amazing
this is basically what our tree house
needs to be like
fireplace well Andy kindly last day in
his hotel this work is now almost won I
am successful laptop club time Sam and
Kerri yep I've gone say
should probably head back from the tents
we are back in our lovely tent but it is
very cold I'm gonna try and light this
fire lighting
wait it's not ready don't put your hand
in there oh my god
so the wood-burning stove is on the tent
is very slowly heating up but we're
gonna snuggle in the covers and I will
catch you guys tomorrow for some
adventures I think we're going out on
the canoe and we're going to adventure
into national the National Park Place
your National Park all right see in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
