good morning Montana
it's another incredible day and we are
going out on a horse ride again
hopefully the horses are a bit more
chilled today I think they will be I
think it's because the wind was so
strong yesterday they're freaking out oh
all right then
hello we're gonna hang out again buddy
we are here again bro back on the road
back on the horse so to speak okay
so we're going on a different trail
today we're trying to work on my
positioning like my seat position I've
been told to put my heels keep your
heels down push them into the stirrups
and put 80% of my waiting with feet and
20% way but hey I'm good I'm just trying
to get the weight off my butt a little
bit cuz it's sore
Jake's fixing my stirrups they're low
we're sure getting a nice little snack
redman it's nice Jake's dog trick has
been following us the whole way and
trying to find little animals little
critters
being out here in the middle of the
ranch I feel like really isolated from
civilization but in a good way just this
is just raw wild I'm very impressed with
the operating capabilities of these
horses they're just like running up and
down hills through bushes trees
everything crazily
come on what's up sir more of you found
and this chat this cat is called vinegar
vinegar it's beefy in it so Kari and I
are really hungry
and there weren't any snacks but we did
realize that we have more stuff and yeah
this is kind of the beauty of being an
adult you know just being able to have
some more for a dinner because why not
so Sam and Jake is building us a fire
first that's making s'mores
dee is sick wait have you ever made
smores asking what a smaller a car
excited to you right now I'm probably
about 12 excited got a fire going check
out these marshmallows they're made for
s'mores they're like marble okay okay
okay we're gonna put it to that mistake
here we go okay the secret is you got to
make you gotta get it ready first
because once the s'more is ready to be
put in you don't want to be like
trying to get everything ready but then
so make it before okay and then toast
this marshmallow check out how
beautifully golden that is amazing be
ready none is the real trick the
rotation you gotta go against the grain
of the earth guys we're about to go and
see Jake wrangle all the horses he's
gonna take them up into the forest to
chill for the night wrangle the drone
sounds good it's dry and ready
here they come guys Jake is wrangling
them wrangle them Jake well done
Sundance good job Sam's just having a
moment we're gonna take the Wonder Buck
out we're gonna go find some elk or some
kind of wildlife this is the time you
see the early morning or evening dusk
time dawn and dusk
just get some cheeky instagrams and to
wonder bug in the road yeah so I'm
talking about
so Sam just found a cassette tape at the
bottom of this little box that I've got
and this one is called the rockin
sixties to the rockin sixties we're
gonna save this way okay let's do this
well it's about that time to make some
s'mores
I missed it earlier a little campfire
they had before dinner still we're gonna
go down and get it going again stake out
the fire
 your s'mores
and then stop so guys I have been
sitting at this table for about seven
hours editing as hard as I can to go
away frogs back on track I'm probably
gonna go to sleep now for a few hours
before we head off for the day's
adventure but yeah it's it's morning
right see a few hours piece out into a
life and live adventure
