good morning guys
I am in such a good mood today even
though I got five hour sleep last night
we were up late editing
I cannot wipe the smile off my face I'm
so excited to be here we've got the
whole crew as I saw the Wonder wagon was
delivered safely this morning our friend
Paul what a legend drove it all the way
from San Francisco last night I can't
believe we made it and yeah we're ready
to roll
basically this week we were invited by
the Montana Tourism Board to have an
epic road trip to adventure around the
state and just see some of the
incredible things here I've heard is one
of the most beautiful underrated States
in America it's got some of the least
light pollution so we're gonna be
getting amazing star lapses exploring
little towns we're going to the cowboy
ranch we're going up to the Glacier
National Park and yeah I just I just
cannot wait it's gonna be just so so
good but first of all its breakfast time
so in case you guys didn't see yesterday
this is Sam Briah obviously Kate and
Carrie hey Carrie
this is the road trip squad so we've got
some of our supplies last night at
Walmart but we still get hammocks only a
cowboy hats as well oh my gosh this is
perfect
I found a double XL moment of truth
I think over the next week we're going
to be slowly improving the one the wagon
again I want to fit those LED light leaf
lights we had before and yeah we can
just make it a bit more homely it's been
sitting basically abandoned to the last
eight months sections it needs to need
some love its carwash time
get it
think we ran out of oil or we're running
very low so that could be causing some
problems it has just driven a thousand
miles from self as this guy that's
impressive
we have engine smoke in the back oh my
god that's us it's kicking out quite a
lot of smoke
did you hear that new sound yeah I did
the poor wonder wagon needs just a bit
more love
I think the a thousand miles without
stopping for we didn't do any good
enough character but it's not it's not
practical this is really so trying to
fix the car
the girls have found this an appropriate
time to do a little psycho she tinkered
with the engine I'm gonna try and say
hello to the blog and I'm just trying to
help
there's no make there's no mechanics
that have time to see us today but I
think I think we just had a little oil
spill I think that why there's a bit
smoke I think I leaked some oil on
tinder I'm gonna take you for a little
spin I'm going to leave these guys here
in case it blows up
okay
it's literally dripping petrol right now
pets release are not good petrol leaves
are not good I'm gonna get rid of tests
I'll go low speed I'm going with you
okay the boys are in the Wonder wagon
test driving test driving it while oil
is leaking out of it and it's smoking so
let's just hope everybody's gonna be
okay
these like stuck in good
so we're back at the hotel waiting for
the guys because they broke down I
understand say I called this when you
first said you went to bring the Wonder
egg and I was like okay we'll see but
you know it was an adventure
maybe hell yeah we did it we really did
and now now it's time to rent the car to
continue the journey it's not even
starting now guys I don't know what to
do in this like random lady's driveway
and we can't is that van
oh these options of thinking firstly I
think the girls a little bit upset I
think rise a little bit upset she felt
it was bit they dressed me driving
considering there's like fuel leaking
and oil leaking stuff the two options I
think I think firstly the Wonder wagon
might be a write-off I think the two
options are we either get a rental car
and then get this just towed and
scrapped or we buy another vehicle which
is my preference the only problem with
that is there is a lot of chance that if
we buy cheap vehicle in the same thing
would happen by I think it's all part
the fun
we found a pretty cool van for sale I
was covering the dry now this is the the
owner of this house he's helping us out
apparently we're screwed
this fluid pouring out of the back
differential initial what that is so the
wheels are locked up and ken a good
friend Ken Schmidt he's gonna he's gonna
talk we've this is his driveway he's
gonna he's gonna tow us out of his
driveway point us in the right direction
stop anywhere we can't we can't reverse
it's not letting us reverse and it yeah
I'm hoping it turns on again that's
locked up so the differential forward
what no okay let's try and drive it
forward
look at this is another tire drag
through well thanks for your help you
want some names yeah sure
yeah sorry let's try to this up here
thank you Ken cheers we really
appreciate it so plan is we're gonna
regroup find the girls they're back at
the hotel
hopefully tensions relax a bit we had
some problems today plans have
definitely altered slutting we we had we
had some things burned but they went out
the window hello is that Andy I'm
currently in Bozeman in Montana and I've
just found your ad for the VW campervan
yeah I'm very interested so this is this
is what we're thinking getting only
problem is it's four and a half hours
drive from here but I do think that the
place we're staying tonight is two hours
from here so it means it's only two and
a half hours so if we go there have a
few little adventures on the way then I
get up at 5 a.m. we could drive and meet
him at 7 a.m. by it drive back for 9
a.m. and then start one of the day's
adventure are we doing with the venture
to make our plan work we need to get a
rental car so I'm just jumping in a taxi
to the airport
guys are about to arrive at our Airbnb
Sam's alleged in all the driver thanks
for both fat stars oh my gosh what is
this place hello guys check out this
awesome
cavern we're staying in so guys we are
settling down for the night
Sam's got this cool spot on the couch we
are we were gonna get up super early
couldn't get this van but we've decided
to leave a little bit late we're gonna
leave at 10:00 and we're gonna spend the
day over in Big Fork which is where
we're going and I'm pretty excited this
bad boy is as good as it looks
we could be in for a treat so yeah oh
after a very eventful day I'm still
feeling happy and excited about this
trip it's just it's just being slightly
different than we planned so far but
I'll catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
babe
