good afternoon guys we're in Hawaii
having a really nice break before the
final flight to California we're
actually gonna be here for a week and
we're staying at the Fairmont or KITT on
the Big Island for a few days and then
I'm not sure where we're going so we're
gonna try and have some adventures but
the priority for me is just relaxation
just resting up because as you know this
trip has been as well as being the
biggest adventure of my life it's
definitely been the most intense travel
trip I've ever been on
and it's kind of obvious cuz my vlogs
are just so far behind and I'm just
constantly exhausted but it's worth it
and yeah I'm really looking forward to
our time in Hawaii just to rest we're
also gonna try and find some locals to
chat to on for the documentary find out
a bit about the culture here and the
traditions and stuff and yeah it's nice
being able to have like an entire week
to do that rather than just like one or
two days it's gonna be good it's gonna
be good and as you saw yesterday Lindsay
joined us as well so we've got a little
crew and I think tonight we're gonna
head up to the top of this massive
mountain this volcano to watch the
sunset above the clouds so that's the
plan that's the plan right my lunch has
arrived got a Hawaiian curry I think
this is the same curry I got here last
time that I was here a year and a half
ago
all right I've met up with JP and
Lindsey where we hitting now Mauna Kea
Mauna Kea
yeah thanks okay we are above the clouds
but we're not at the summit and I've
just asked the lady here whether we can
drive to the summit she said we can do
at our own risk and that four-wheel
drive vehicles are recommended well I
think we're gonna we're gonna risk it we
can always turn around if it gets too
too sketchy and we're supposed to pick
up like an information pamphlet from
this building and then we carry on all
right we're going offroad we've picked
up a hitchhiker
have you been up to the top before no no
no
yeah
that's pretty early we've arrived at the
top that's how my weave 13,000 was that
was the summit way where over 13,000
feet yeah it's pretty pinup this is
insane so good okay I'm just looking at
the information about this mountain it's
a volcano it's four thousand two hundred
and seven meters high thirteen thousand
eight hundred feet which is not far off
being half the height of Mount Everest
and the air is really thin up here and
apparently if you stay up here too long
you can get altitude sickness they we're
only gonna be up here for like an hour
getting some pretty rad time lapses of a
sunset above the clouds
right there back in the car
like my I cannot never I think as it all
is so cold I think it's like four
degrees or something outside ah we're
gonna head down now that was beautiful
though
wasn't that incredible guys yeah yeah
I've never seen anything like that
sunset above the clouds
did you realize how instantly it got
dark because on the ground you see this
under stuff that's still around you
that's got sunlight on it but here it's
just this is the last point I get
sunlight I wonder when the Sun set at
sea level let's do like five hiring 13a
speeches about seven minutes ago
okay.we we've wandered down to the
beachfront where I spotted a turtle
early because these guys haven't seen
the turtles yet and there's a massive
tear or just chilling right there that
anybody
and got the curry again thank you thanks
so much great service right I've got my
swimming shorts and bathrobe on I've got
a movie on my phone and I'm going to the
hot tub now and I'm just gonna chill
watch maybe something I love so much
about this place is that the hot tubs
open 24 hours so suits me well as you
know I'm a bit of a night owl and a lot
of hotels I usually have to like to
sneak in after hours of a hot tub and I
often get told off don't have to worry
about that here guys I am cooks
I am literally cooked this is an
extremely hot hot tub and I think I've
been in here for almost two hours
a drunk like a liter of water so I'm
hydrated by Phil yeah I feel
yeah maybe like I've cooked myself a
little bit already time to head back to
the room
very relaxed though my muscles are like
jelly Wow
spend most the night editing it's
probably time for me to go to sleep now
unfortunately we're checking out of this
place tomorrow
I'm so sad this is being just like
paradise studying here and it's just
been so nice I do like staying with
locals and kind of getting to experience
culture in places but when I'm this
exhausted to have somewhere to rest like
this is it's yeah very well I appreciate
it
yeah so I don't know where we're staying
and I know we're staying tomorrow yet
but I'll keep you updated and we've got
some fun plans coming in the next few
days all right I see in the morning
peace out enjoy life the adventure
