okay hi how was it good really really
good hey Louie good morning guys
that was a pretty epic start to our day
we have caught a helicopter to Mont
Tremblant and have to do some fun things
there's a giant zipline from the top of
the mountain that we're gonna be
shooting down although I don't know it's
gonna compare to the helicopter ride
so it's time to harness up got all our
equipment and that helmet is definitely
not gonna fit me
go check it we just got to the top and
there's a deer just chillin so we're
heading up to the first of five
different zip lines they're gonna get to
the bottom of the mountain it's gonna
take about three hours don't divert
Camus wondered well you know this next
tip line is the fastest today because in
the wind direction
that looks pretty insane you ready for
this trophy
we're now tracking through the woods get
to the next one
oh I'm pumping my adrenaline levels it's
pretty it wasn't like scary I wasn't
like that wasn't fear of old over here
it's the adrenaline yet my heart is
still racing though so I feel like I
need to embrace it more like just let go
completely
I want to supermanny I wonder if we can
Superman it
guys we didn't make it to the end why
are we going the wrong way JB how are we
gonna rescue us how are they gonna
rescue us bro we're absolutely screwed
how did that happen okay go back baby
bye-bye he starts and he's done forever
don't worry guys you're getting rescued
we had to get rescued to get rescued
it's nice that our last full day of
activities the Sun came out it's been
kind of great at lost you those guys
days of wolves actual wolves in this
woods I'm gonna call them just under
this platform there's a nest can you see
those baby birds
it's so cute right this is the second
fastest
oh it happened again it happened again I
think I'm really bad at ziplining I
don't know how this has happened I
didn't think this is like something you
have to be talented
before we head back to the hotel to
chill in the hot tub I've just bought a
replacement hero4 black GoPro we're
gonna switch the lens out so I've at
least got two cameras for a 360 rig I
haven't tried a to camera 360 rig before
but I've heard it's possible JEP is
creating something pretty special we're
gonna try and make a first-person 360
rig we need at least four cameras for
that so we're just going to test it out
but it basically straps on my head and
then when you guys are watching the
video
it all goes well if you manage to do it
it'll feel like you're you are me so
when you look around you've seen my
buddy below and it'll feel like proper
first versus or not like holding the
camera awkwardly I'll be documenting
that as well so yeah he's gonna be
showing you how he does that and he's
like 3d printing things and stuff for
that so we may play around with that
later
is worth recording Louise sitting in a
hot tub for the smoothie and enjoying
late topless right it's time to leave
getting back to Montebello I've stolen
to the pillows we want to sleep on the
journey back it's a little bit cheeky
this is the first time I've seen the
head rig for the first person 360 videos
I'm gonna try it on he's just going to
slide a nice little that they fit
perfectly don't they I didn't even have
them at home when I made these the
Jaypee virtual reality had rigged test
one oh that's pretty good we could
definitely go bigger ah those like
safely we can definitely go bigger I
think you should just shave your head
now it's too big no no but with the head
strap it'll be fine you want it down
like that's the kind of lever you want
it like right above eye level so you
know what yeah that sure thing yeah that
is it oh it broke well to be fair we
just taped it it's not like Poland
Louise lost his mind
well me and JP and inner rim service
I've been editing for hours charging all
my batteries up tomorrow we are heading
to Montreal JP's fly in San Francisco
I'm flying to Montana to meet up some
people and we're going on an epic trip
across Montana yeah it's been a really
good time here
today was just epic helicopters
ziplining hot tubs yeah pretty pretty
incredible Oh what's more to say I think
we've still got to do final tests on our
360 head rate which we'll probably do in
the morning tomorrow and I'll catch you
guys then peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
