good morning guys it's just got a a.m.
and that's breakfast because we've got
an action-packed day today and it's
starting with some off-roading with one
of these bad boys I don't know which one
was taken but ok we're just signing our
lives away so this is JB I've got a JB
and we've got a JP and we're gonna head
from here I'm driving to the off-road
course never done this before
ok then crash this very expensive Land
Rover
how many wheels on the ground now
2:03 yeah between two three so right now
and stop good jumper rakia beautiful
ready
we go
stop yeah that's the thing but from here
you can you can clearly see you like
this
I think we took it too far the whole
cars about the fool down the cliff like
literally
all right JB's headin off we're gonna
grab some lunch this is Erika she's
joining us Hey
we just had a nice little picnic we're
thinking about taking one of these boats
out there's some canoes and kayaks over
there on the lake is beckoning us guys
we found this canoe we just stole it
I was lots of fun I think we're gonna
head back because because we don't want
to capsize that just really start it
doesn't feel incredibly stable we're
probably split that lifejacket to the
Republic okay we're gonna head back in
help me okay I'm helping I hope
hopefully this doesn't happen to us look
at all of these oh my gosh oh my gosh I
know I've done a lot of rafting recently
guys per√≥n Colorado but it sounds like
this is gonna be the most extreme I
think you're just being a patsy
this is Guillaume he's gonna be looking
after us he has the same problem as me
with his dreadlocks I'm surprised I got
this to fit me
okay I've been he's gonna tip us
the Gopher came off guys luckily I tied
it over some string
I'm that way
everything
here literally almost there it's not the
water temp - the waters warm it's there
it's the wind it's the children I think
is going to die well we are back at the
hotel after an action-packed day I'm
actually aching a little bit I think
I've got some whiplash and I was like
get flung out of the raft yeah pretty
amazing the best grass thing I've done
recently I've definitely worked up an
appetite
dinner was incredible I'm heading back
to my room now to do some editing
because we've had a pretty crazy day
again today I partnered with Fairmont a
lot of you've been asking why I've been
staying at Fairmont so much this year
basically last year they approached me
and said they want to work of me and
organize for epic trips where I get to
experience activities and some of their
hotels so we've planned a lot this year
as you know me and the boys visited some
of the Alberta hotels we went to Lake
Louise and bout for beginning of the
year and then we would have did Hawaii
two weeks ago pretty cool and then
there's this trip which has been awesome
we've got still a couple more days
Tootie's to experience and then in a
couple of weeks me and Raya actually
heading to Whistler which is just above
Vancouver the other side of Canada
basically how it works is we pick as
many awesome activities if you want a
and then Fairmont helped organize that
as part of their Fairmont moment service
and if you've enjoyed watching and want
to experience some of this stuff and
come and stay here and try some of the
activities I'm gonna link all of that
below one last thing I wanted to show
you guys check this out
this is the most amazing personal touch
I've ever experienced that hotel can you
see these these are my instagrams this
is the flower picture I took in Hawaii
and this is me and Raya in Peru isn't
that incredible in picture frames by my
bed and then over here this is from my
iceland trip a month ago
all the boys it's so cool in it right i
I'm gonna get some sleep I think no I'm
gonna edit and then I'm gonna get some
sleep because we're gonna go and see
some bears tomorrow and hopefully if the
drones operational we're gonna try and
fly the drone over the Bears I think
maybe we're feeding them or we're
watching them get fed or something other
night it's gonna be pretty crazy I'll
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life lift adventure
