morning guys
me and JP didn't get the pen till pretty
late / early like 7 a.m. or something
but we're feeling all right now we're
here feeling awake thankfully and we are
heading to watch bears I think some bear
observation thing we don't really know
what to expect I hope there are bears
here I don't even know what breed of
better obviously I'm so just trying to
figure out where it is I feel bad this
way maybe oh my god some mixed of it
jumping in this pickup truck it's going
to be the Bears this is Galya Hey
we're approaching the place that the
bear is that's where we're gonna hide in
that house oh this one there has a
porcupine a porcupine
hey buddy
hey buddy hopefully the Bears on here
okay scream screaming yelling oh hey
don't run away gonna give them a very
exciting news okay this is not India
drone guys this is the drone that
crashed in the river the other day if
you didn't see which day was it two days
ago if you didn't see the vlog go and
check it out it went fully in the river
we lost it for like five minutes or
something and then JP dived in got it we
put it in a vat of rice everyone was
mocking us for using rice but you can
eat your words because you fixed it I
took it apart completely alike hair
dried everything as well and there's
still like rice in there but it actually
works so hopefully we're gonna go some
drawing action with the bears today well
done bro put it that dog
jelly is bring some food out for the
Bears what is that special bear mixture
molasses in them and then the favorite
peanuts now we just have to wait and
hope the bear show up we have to whisper
so they get scared away check it guys
it's a chipmunk
don't believe it's flying so by hitting
yes bro good job see any pests
bring it home
we are going to move location they are
Oh guys this is what bears look like
this is what we use that they actually
are yeah yeah this is what we're hoping
to say this must be how a lot of
wildlife photographers feel like waiting
around for ages to see something and
then it never shows up at least we've
got a little raccoon to keep us
entertained guys take the raccoon
well guys didn't see any bears a little
bit south we are going to go back to the
lake now maybe take a canoe out again
might like my school plays I'm gonna try
next rate our
it's actually so beautiful guys although
it's not a super sunny day being out
here in the middle of this lake in the
middle of nature
JP's busy find the drying it's just nice
let's get a bit of time to myself for me
I think if I lived on a lake now be
pretty rad
I think I'll be out of quiet every day
feels like it's a good upper-body
workout and yeah to explore
I forgot to bring my GoPro out on the
lake and I wanted some first-person
shots of me paddling I don't know how
I'm able to do this to check this out
ready how am i doing that Mike Mike Mike
Mike Mike applies
I think epic shutting the giant I'm so
happy we got this sorted it's yeah we
were pretty bummed out but I was
optimistic when we first crashed it and
you were my faith paid off I had faith
in Joe puny he did it so fully
functioning getting some epic shots
hopefully the next couple of days we'll
have some opportunities to explore a bit
with the drone as well but we do need to
leave now they're closing up this
private what is this place where we're
always later as it's a nature reserve
but we need to leave because yeah
they're closing that's Louie chasing of
Larry porcupine
we're meant to get out of here new for
porcupine is being harassed look it's
good it's closed up hey hey buddy you
don't need to be scared of me those
people probably think what a weirdo and
they're right good he's such a weirdo
it's good over the money to get it up
it's pretty weird is he that was
catching mosquitoes oh my gosh
right we're back it's dinner time we've
been served a delicious starter and some
little mocktails here this is like a
raspberry soda think it's pretty awesome
we have some dessert brought out this
what is it a bowling ball oh my god
the dessert was so good I decided to
take it back to my room with me well
guys it's been a fun day although we
didn't see the Bears we did to fix the
drone and we ate lots of chocolate I'm
now gonna get some sleep because early
tomorrow morning we are getting a
helicopter ride to somewhere else and
we're gonna be doing some fun things I
see in the morning peace out enjoy life
live the adventure boom
