like pleasure welcome to us in multiples
tables yeah so you're coming with me
yeah Oh sir
you're a cheesehead I will be writing
Bella the only reason why I'm bill
writing Bella is because it's the leader
horse right behind me you're going to be
riding gypsy gypsy
yes I think gypsies a little bit
normally you're a little bit naughty
aren't you gypsy every time I try and
switch to one hand she's like shaking
her Mane like no guys this is poison ivy
we don't want to touch this JP get back
on the road the horses just want to eat
the trees the entire phone we're gonna
cross a little river yeah
it's started raining a little bit but I
just think that adds to the adventure
the reins a little bit heavier guys so
we're just going to wait in them forest
until it chills out of it how you
feeling JP you enjoying it yeah yeah
weird riding an animal is great control
I don't think that's that Evan that's
supposed to be the case but jp's horse
just ate poison ivy Abbi that's bad for
you don't do that this house behind us
was owned by Louis Joseph Pepe Nam
he used to live here I think this is all
his property and that's right over there
350 years old in red oak Chris thanks
gypsy we're going to go in and dry off
and wait for the rain to chill out so
thankfully the rain has just stopped
amazingly all the clouds are gone I
guess this will move that way so we have
gloriously blue sky and lots more to
explore JP is about to attempt something
that I don't think many people have
attempted you've never done this before
right taking off a drain whilst riding a
horse okay so we've got the drone over
there we're going to get on the horses
and then JP is gonna follow us with the
dry
the horses like what is that
huh Oh Oh guys it hit a tree hit a tree
I think it went in the water I think it
went in what okay I guess flying a drone
on the back of a horse isn't the best of
ideas the leaves are all there so it
would have gone just about there I think
can you feel anything it's super deep I
don't even know what's in this water if
they're crocodiles I take things that
how clear is it it's now like a super
murky near enough to like do is jump in
as well
this is where the drone hit guys in in
these branches you got it
JP is a legend look at that take your
helmet off yeah
pasta together it's just around there
somewhere yeah you got it okay guys
we're gonna try and drive this out
sorry bro your helmet floated away uh me
that let's go to the kitchen and get
like six kilograms of rice leave it
overnight I'm confident because it's
fresh water that's all I'm confident
with responding the rest of the horse
ride for maybe an hour whilst we're
gonna dump this in a big vat of rice and
JP needs to get dried out and then we're
going to come back that the inside
actually didn't get away yeah I think
the battery held it relatively
watertight yeah it's just whether the
camera got walk around the camera is
fine because oh I'm honestly I'm holding
out hope the cameras fine it was out
down there for quite a bit though it was
like two minutes so this is how to enter
into a Fairmont Hotels oh yeah guys this
is where we're staying if you didn't see
last night's it Scott dark biggest log
cabin in North America we were going to
get some really cool drone shots above
it but I got some super food hey guys
we've got a big vat of rice
so the rice absorbs moisture nearby
turkeys gonna go and leave it in the
room to drive for a little bit all right
back on the horses without a drawer
Lister
yeah I'm back with gypsy I think we're
slowly bonding the hot tub is in this
building we're going to be visiting that
pretty shortly this is nice
I fail in JP you could get some speed up
this is like most exhilarating things
I've done which is hard to believe
that was awesome
here is a bit scary isn't it
all right Judy's going to park up and
get some cool fighters by the river guys
we have a situation I'm licking off the
two horses now I can see her
Stephanie's horse is galloping through
the words look oh my god
Oh did she get a bit panicked ah she got
scared ah why did you walk off like that
gypsy was like panicking as well no take
a B yeah
I think we got some good instagrams fun
little shots I loved riding a bit no
offence gypsy you're fun too but a
breeze a bit more well behaved yeah a
visa behaved all gentlemen yeah exactly
ah Thank You gypsy ah bye thanks it is
time to hit a hot tub after an hilarious
horse ride right I think it's time to an
investigate dinner me and JP have got a
romantic table for tea the main course
has arrived
I was hoping a slightly bigger but let's
give us a go
maybe it's very filling well that was a
pretty eventful day I can't believe the
drone crashed in the river but we'll see
tomorrow whether JP's drying out and
tinkering has fixed it I have faith I
believe that it will work tomorrow and
we'll be able to revive it and resurrect
the drone come on we could do it
tomorrow we're going off-roading in a
4x4 Land Rover never done it before
pretty excited hopefully I don't flip it
or anything and then we're doing some
whitewater rafting again I've been doing
quite a bit of whitewater rafting
hopefully we can hit some extreme Rapids
and who knows maybe we'll capsize or fly
out the boat and yeah I hope the waters
not too cold right I will catch you guys
in the morning
for another awesome day in Quebec peace
out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
