good afternoon guys it's my last day in
Colorado today and we have decided to do
the number one thing on TripAdvisor
which is to visit the Denver Botanical
Gardens we're with our friends Brittney
Justin and Andrew I'm gonna head in
thanks
we just got off lolis hydrating this is
a very hot day
and as I wake up on this crazy dream I
hope the things remain as they seem cuz
I saw wait what we found as a head
and as I wake up on this crazy dream I
hope the things remain as they seem
yeah I wonder do you think it's cost
millions to make I don't - even a
smaller this is my boy this is all my
life humid tropical
we made this climbed into a tree house
yeah flowers I love big leaves like this
as well
Oh weird feel this texture this leaf so
super great elastic and I so wake up on
this crazy dream I hope the things
remain as they see you this has some
really appreciate creativity when it
comes to like designing spaces like
super organic I hope things
good
check out this venus flytraps yeah they
just look so mean can someone explain to
me how a Venus flytrap has killed a
massive cockroach I'll check that out
so when I think of things being extinct
like living things they mix things I
don't often think about plants and trees
I just think they're like animals
you don't think that like the Dodos and
the Tasmanian tiger is done but this
tree here was thought to have been
extinct for millions of years until it's
discovered in 1994 in Sydney northwest
of Sydney there's only a hundred of
these pine trees in the whole world and
this one has been donated to these
Botanical Gardens
as crazy isn't it
very very rare trait
this is a dwarf umbrella tree and I love
it Wow
1977 this has finally Spacey - okay look
from Wikipedia the oldest bonsai tree is
over 800 years old something you guys
can't experience from watching the video
is the beautiful smells that we keep
smelling as we're walking into different
parts often the flowers and the trees
and stuff Wow
it's a fish it's like out the water and
I so wake up on this crazy dream I hope
the things worth a Stacy midnight to
make you feel we found the sprinkler to
cool up
all these sprinkles yeah I'm getting
drenched by it looks like Louie just did
a shampoo commercial
got it here it comes up so refreshing
check out these solar panels have the
solar panels make you feel the goose no
but solar panels are awesome we when we
get somewhere right we need to make sure
it's all solar-powered yeah it's like a
honeycomb my uber has a ride it's a very
brief trip to the tank Botanical Gardens
but it was awesome nick has given me his
drone which I'm gonna give to JP but he
hasn't given it to me he's he's I'm
buying off him because that's where I'm
going I'm going to Canada meet up with
JP tonight and
that's my uber okay bye yes prophet
thanks anyway they can enter going back
to San Fran and then they're flying that
South Africa they're just having a
little hug why are you guys hugging
you're not even leaving it why it's not
leave until later anyway I'll see you in
like a month maybe or something and I'll
see you Ryan like five days bye thank
you alright let's hope I can take the
drone on the plane as hand luggage thank
you well luckily I managed to bring the
drone on its home I don't know how they
allowed this
but it's great
so I've landed in Montreal Canada
it's my first time here my first flight
to this province and pretty excited by
this journey landed a couple of hours
ago and he's waiting for me just outside
yeah it's gonna be good saving in it
yes Prague I did yeah how's your flight
I was like the longest way over here I
have a gift fee nice we're gonna get ya
man
la I have a booking here's our jeep guys
well we've arrived guys it's 2:00 a.m.
I'm looking forward to thanks to sleep
but you must be more tired than me boy
yeah well we've got a lot of fun coming
up where we've got loads of cool
activities we've got the drone also guys
I haven't told you why we had to get
Nick's drone do no telling the story of
what happened to Audrey after repairing
it flying it to bring you out here and
it just decided to bugger off and by far
far away so and it just disappeared yeah
he never found that nope since
somebody's yard doing its thing
hopefully that doesn't happen to this
droid oh I am exhausted guys I don't
really know why I'm so exhausted
I felt pretty sorted for over a week now
and I can't figure it out I don't know
if you guys have any ideas of the kind
of things that make you exhausted yeah
I'd love to get some energy back in my
life I can't figure out but this this
weekend is gonna be great I'm gonna
summon energy from somewhere because
there's just too many amazing things
happening tomorrow we are going horse
riding and this place is just stunning
from the pictures I've seen and
obviously when we wake up we'll be able
to see as well but I'm also super happy
to be spending some quality time with JP
again I totally forgot we swim in New
Zealand I think in the vlog the other
day I said that we lost to each other at
buffer festival but now we saw each
other in easy
which was I think back in February but
this is good to touch base again and
reunite reunited with JP I'll catch you
guys in the morning
peace out into her life and live the
adventure
