good afternoon guys we've had pretty
chilled morning just eating breakfast in
the big lounge area trying to make a
plan for the day chatting about life we
I mean we we've had some good good
conversations this morning mainly about
just like the future of humanity and
changing the world so you know just the
typical
topics I've also got myself a coffee the
Sun has come out as well this is this is
just such an epic day this is my kind of
weather definitely so yeah I think we've
got to drive down to seminar the village
that we were the town that we were in
yesterday and maybe 20 we rent a boat I
think that's the plan today we want to
go do some exploring on the scene
we are heading to the car now we've
managed to figure out a plan I love all
this new stuff that building around here
like this this is all new this wasn't
hit when I was here with Raya six months
ago
ready a little bit of a latest start a
plan but that's pretty much how much my
days end up
guys we have picked up this dude Ruben
and we are heading now isn't your boat
you the captain
come on okay he's just helping us find
this boat where we can go out for a
little boat ride for a couple of hours
hopefully it we can watch the sunset
from the boat that'll be cool but it's
like yeah a couple of kilometers away
and then yeah it's kind of perfect time
yeah I think thumbs out that water looks
nice and we just got some snacks as well
is it kind of hungry so you just Kate
that dude one hundred and fifty dollars
and he's just left gone I'm thinking
that sorry I'm thinking we're okay just
kid not to get scammed you know right
we're about to get on the boat we're not
sure which boat we're getting on yet the
dream would be that we're going on that
bigger boat but I think reality is we
getting on this small bow here and
looking choppy it's choppy around this
side than it was that the marina but I
think we've fun I was hoping we don't
get too wet
you guys ready already
thank where do we keep drawing is this
the spot in the middle yeah I don't know
I've no idea where we can keep dry guys
we're having engine problems we've been
here I don't know 10 minutes waiting I'm
hoping then get it sorted they just seem
to be hitting things I'm sure they know
what they're doing yeah I think that's a
good remedy for most problems just hit
it unless it's like a person I wouldn't
suggest it in people or an animal either
no if you're hitting objects and you and
you precisely hit them where they're
broken sometimes let's see we're doing a
total test now
you going to save the day is the
mechanic header mechanics this is so
good this is so good
helix angle
yes bossman right
still not go anywhere in another 15 20
minutes I think from what I can
understand and I don't speak Spanish
though we might be going on this bigger
boat behind us which is the one that we
wanted to go in anyway so could this
this could have worked out very well
yeah are we going on this one it's fixed
ah the battery are they're stealing the
battery out of that boat okay scrap that
we're just going to steal their battery
either way we're going to be going soon
which I'm happy about that makes sense
why they were fiddling under there yeah
Rob that battery
that's a good sign
we have success I think I think so
sounds like it yeah it's good that's yes
we are going on an adventure with the
funnest things we I don't know what
we're doing no idea
neither pretty bumpy bumpy by ride we
just stop I think we're gonna think
we're gonna go diving here I think this
is shipwreck underneath us
we have masks I don't know how I don't
know how we're gonna see underwater it's
gonna be pretty dark
that's so close guys
battery fell out well we joined spine it
should be cast on the phone - it will be
without its still recording right now
yeah I push the record but again I
wonder if the last one site
you're so lucky did it land on the beach
oh yeah could it could have just landed
in the sea today I cannot believe I
crash my drone into a palm tree I
probably shouldn't have have it
automated spinning when I'm not
controlling it I'm hoping the next man
bet hat Mavic has collision avoidance
detection in every direction like they
kind of rushed us back because there's a
storm coming in we saw lightning from a
distance so we have to get it get out
the boat before we get stranded out see
the lightning storm lightning and boats
are probably not a good combo stunwin
they're so much
it's an adventure
okay some vegan heats some potato thing
these guys need some slacklining
it's a fun evening
it's been another fun evening and yeah
good day in the Dominican Republic
tomorrow we are actually heading home
well I say home these guys are heading
home I'm gonna be meeting up with Raya
hanging out in LA for a little bit and
then having some proper downtime and
this has been pretty nice but I need
some like full relaxation time just to
kind of recover from the world trip and
don't worry I'll still be pumping my
blogs out I still be editing but I I
because I'm so far ahead of myself in
terms of vlogs I'm going to take a few
days off maybe a few weeks off all right
I'll catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
