good morning guys we are about to leave
Tellarite today we've just picked up a
rental car and we are probably in the
most picturesque airport I've ever seen
it's a tiny little airport check this
now I'm sure as you drive out
that's the runway and that's the view
there's literally nobody here this is
like the tiniest airport oh we're gonna
we're gonna drive into town quickly get
some lunch and then we are heading to
Snowmass for a Travel Conference I
actually have no idea whether it's okay
just to park in the middle of the road
like that but we're not gonna be long I
just pop it into this Mexican place this
has been our main lunch place the last
couple of days vegetable burrito
what have you not seen that before where
is this magic boom
is it nice this is actually a
celebratory lunch because yesterday we
hit a hundred thousand subscribers and
I've just managed to buy little aux
cable for the road trip got just under
four hours of driving today I think it's
gonna be very scenic and now we can have
some beautiful music I go yeah you go
you're the DJ for the trip again
by
you
would you rather snort one crushed-up
Altoid mint snort after nose turtle or
take a shot of Tabasco sauce show its
best game
if you do the vent no and your nose
you're supposed to drink things much
worse snitch things up good nice oh I
just can't do spicy
would you rather wear a woolen bodysuit
in the Sahara or wear bikini in the are
we like you'll be sweaty but if we stay
here I'll expand the question would
you'd rather die of hypothermia but it's
not okay they have to like cut off all
your limbs but I feel like maybe
hypothermia to be like shivering and
then initially like no no if we do an
added you guys I don't wanna pay for
this
if you made no money as a results would
you rather have created Facebook I have
created Twitter so now you may know my
me it's just about Lenovo feature that
has been however promote when I first
started and I was like why would you go
on a separate so your status right yeah
even up do you rather be a shark or a
dolphin dolphin dolphin to be to cuz
sure friends I don't want to be that guy
that just like scares everyone that
hands kills everything like I want to be
the guy who I think and saves people
yeah and talks to the Beagle yeah runs
around jumping in the air you are that
cat
yes boy fire despite a large bear with a
sword
my bad because I feel like with this
sword you'd have to kill the vet and you
kind of only have one shot with a wolf
you get torn up a bit died all right at
least scare the wolf up punch in the
nose or get in a headlock buddies lemon
and then open up a booth I think it'd be
pretty even five five five elders
defending the years I've given it
exactly thought it just depends whether
the wall-crawler kids like it depends in
it it literally comes down to the first
ten seconds in the fight did it if it
goes
I wonder % especially with boots on if
you were bad for it it's not exact
because because I'm relying on pretty
able to kick it your plane connects for
against an emotionally unstable manner
that explosive take him down or let him
win with an impatient stable man doesn't
necessarily mean they're gonna kill
everyone probably not like emotion I
think that's quite a big jump well that
was a beautiful Drive guys absolutely
stunning they've just dropped the rental
car off at Aspen Airport
this is Aspen this is where they went in
Dumb and Dumber that's the only real
reference to know about after we're
about to get an uber to Snowmass which I
think's twice that maybe two minutes
away a few people are waiting for us
Nick and ang the Vega Brian a Dean
here's our little gathering we've
arrived at we've got an array of
delicious food just had some vegetable
sushi so I've left the little drinks
reception because I've heard that the
hot top closes there 11:00 so this is my
priority right now after driving all day
I'm feeling a little bit achy and I'm
ready for some warm water guys I had an
amazing time in the hot tub just got a
coffee go back to the room and look who
all these people are that Rhys invited
up for games maybe Alex Marco how you
guys doing yeah so we're playing a game
called exploding kittens and it just
explained to everyone we are gonna blow
up lots of kids the others have left
after a very fun evening of games and
laughter and catching up and we've got a
few more days to hang out and enjoy
Snowmass and a spin and all the things
are gonna be doing and it's nice it's
nice to be here it's nice to see people
and I'll catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
Adventure Bay
