good afternoon guys today we are under
where we're going actually but I do know
we're getting there by a raft so we're
going to jump in this bust head down to
the river and probably get pretty wet
Ryan's actually cycling she's going to
be cycling so we're gonna meet her there
me there Mariah yeah yeah then bring a
towel is that gonna be a problem maybe I
have an extra okay
why we getting ready you ready for this
I don't know I like the snow is all
melting so the rivers are super-proud la
there's a lot of water in there so what
grade rapids were here and apparently
it's going to be crazy this is nick's
first time I can't believe it but it's
gonna be nuts
I don't know if I'm going to get my head
through let's see my he'll be all right
Louie you should sometimes consider
going out like this Louie all right okay
we good we good watch out ladies he's on
the market not really right hello a
friar saw you you probably would be on
the market okay oh yes give up the flat
give us a flat phone it's so white it's
embarrassing so this is the difference
between your personalities I go
shirtless firstly this and he's the new
the older wiser one yeah there we go
forgot to do a beer bottle there's a
beer buckling uh it's not possible it's
just follow them for more drinking yeah
oh you know hugs are actually physically
relaxing meeting like chemically relaxed
when you give someone a hug there it
releases chemicals in your brain that
causes you to relax so we've arrived a
location that we going to be dropping
into the river
tada
there might manage to stick my GoPro
here just getting some paddling lessons
in the water will calling you a lily
dipper we don't like really different
you ready for this neck you excited I
just hope they're big enough fruits yeah
I want them to be big they'll be big I
think that we bake with the last bite
this is so great yeah
up
that's not true for the other cyclist
all the boards are rafting and we are
biking how you guys feel like we're like
in 20 miles guys that's cool yeah I feel
pretty badass all down yeah I did
Oh
that house imagine living
you have the best pal save up
I
let's finish da offic
guys that was so beautiful the rapids
didn't get quite as crazy as I thought
they were candy but it was still a lot
of fun and yeah we're we're waiting for
the bus now that our bags and clothes
and stuff actually the sun's out we
warming up got a little bit chilly I
would not have survived if I don't have
this wetsuit on wonder where the girls
are imagine if that was inside here how
was your cycle ride yeah good yeah this
child exactly 20 miles but it didn't
even feel like it because it was like
stop chill interesting oh I'm so much
headspace of this thing I'm like open
slack we just free were you just
freewheeling yeah so before we eat we're
just gone for a little stroll to find
some wildlife I think this is what is
this a little farm
what is that guy's is that a prairie dog
maybe it's a prairie dog oh my gosh
there's like five babies
delicious salad veggie burgers we've got
some pretty flowers in the table
it's just different cool industry that
we all are in it I've got to say that I
mean it's absolutely amazing and it has
a huge impact and that's anything else
that's kind of what I wanted to talk
about 40 minutes because sometimes I'm
first one to be guilty of this we get
consumed in what we're doing in our
daily lives in our project centre you
know what's next in the travel and all
the intricacies would like them to step
back and take a big picture look at what
you all are doing and what impact that
has on estate a country city on the
destinations are talking about it is
pretty impressive
Thanks well it's been a chilled evening
just been relaxing with Raya watching
lost and it's been a pretty awesome day
I quite like this event we're at
basically it's loads of different people
in the travel industry like travel
bloggers and staff and brands and
tourism boards we've been hanging out
with today and I guess it gives me a
different perspective on it because a
lot of people like influences I know
just like youtubers and that's the place
I've come from like knowing about
YouTube and understanding that but then
chatting to people that have been
running travel blog website since like
1998 and the whole industry I don't know
it's been a bit of an eye-opener so
they've did a lot of cool discussions
meeting cool people and we've got
another day tomorrow where we're going
to be doing some things and we're
getting a chance to have fun activities
and snowmass in Colorado and yeah it's
been cool it's been very cool and yeah
I'll catch you guys in the morning peace
out enjoy life I lifted venture boom
