Thursday 3 the mountain film festival
which is caught a bus up to the mountain
village venue you're going to be
watching a I think it's called life
animated I don't know whether it's
ashore or whether it's like a
feature-length documentary something but
I'm excited this is the place for food
apparently I'm gonna try and get some
soup we got an amazing vegetable soup
we're just want to finish before Vicki's
leaving I put a spicy sauce in there and
I'm hiccuping
guys that film was just so beautiful it
was basically sharing a story of a guy
who was autistic and relates to the
whole world through disney films just so
beautifully made we're now going to
catch the cable car back down there to
tell your eyes and watch more movies
let's let me show you something they
have up in mountain village loads of
London telephone boxes I've no idea why
does anyone know why
this town is beautiful see little stream
here
is that yogi I never take my picture
 who's that bear Briah what was your
favorite thing about life animated I
think similar to that movie wash couple
days ago is just an insight into a life
that I know nothing about and it's just
like totally opens up your mind thank
you the way different people think and
live and it's just like kind of blows
you're like a norm at like your idea
what's normal you know yeah and now
we're heading to watch a film code
what's the pinnacles happy family happy
Justin
guys check these credits out instead of
rolling off the screen they're just all
slamming to the top and just like fall
into a pile
well we went straight from the movie
theater to get some dinner I thought
would give you a little debrief on the
film we watched it's basically a film
about happiness and you know what
Allison it's pretty it's pretty awesome
is like this guy's story and he shared
about his own life over the course of
like I think it's like six years as he
kind of explored an experiment it is
what made it most happy but yeah it left
you a lot to think about you know we're
now heading to this party at ernie's
pretty crazy it's in it's in a cave or a
mine or something
so we've just walked through a massive
Hey and we're going to go find the rest
of the pie okay okay there's something I
not over here it is cool all those guys
doing literally gonna burn something
slick so say anything like they prob oh
my god
hey
oh cool I go down yeah let's go down
guys it's been an insane night in that
same just come down to explore inside
the cave is it this is a mine ya think
this is a mine
the pleasure to see tonight's been crazy
it's been crazy because of me likes fire
and explosions and dancing like bozo a
connections you make this have a film
festival just been nutso this is Dolan
and Alex they are doing this acts of
random kindness around America river and
they've gone RV and just having a little
chat with them I'm definitely getting me
out with them in LA next month we're
going to do some amazing things together
yeah we'll see you soon I'll link their
stuff below you can check them out as
well they make videos and go and go
enjoy their adventure really what's a
car hey you live in a cave you're a cat
that lives in a cave here Oh probably
made it back to the car yeah ah we were
huffing it but I was cold yeah so
tomorrow is the final day of the
mountain film festival this has been a
bit of a whirlwind of a weekend and so
many amazing inspirational films but
even more than that just the
conversations like with people tonight
some of the people that are here doing
the most incredible things and their
lives and they're changing the world in
big ways so I'm looking forward to
tomorrow lunchtime we're doing like a
picnic thing it's going to be a lot more
room for socializing and changed people
and so yeah that's going to be that's
gonna be pretty amazing and then me and
Roy I need to figure out what we're
doing the next couple of days um yeah
we're gonna stay in Colorado for a beer
and cruise around and meet up with some
people and before i head to bed i would
love you guys if you haven't already to
go and subscribe to rise youtube channel
she's almost at a hundred thousand
subscribers she's less than a thousand
away and i know it means the world to
her and she loves being able to share
with you guys and what she's doing as
well and she's taking a channel in a
slightly different direction where she
just wants to
guess be more inspirational not just to
kind of travel content or you know
advice videos but yeah like just there's
going to be tons of amazing content it's
what I'm trying to say coming your way
so head across our link her channel here
so you can go subscribe and I will catch
guys in the morning peace out enjoy life
live the adventure
