good morning guys is the last day of the
Mountain Film Festival we are heading to
have a picnic with everyone we are we
were pretty late last night I think we
got to put it like half full because we
were that crazy party in the mountains
with a fire and stuff if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog things got crazy
just submitting my vote the film of the
weekend thanks
sit down and this skydivers jumping out
the helicopter above us
so tomorrow 3:00 and manga x2 obey my
snow does that this is our world
premiere here we made this film to
spotlight the issues of the veterans
community is facing and to really
connect communities you know to sort of
help to bring the veterans community the
civilian community together in spark
conversations and I think the most magic
that has happened here for us over these
past few days has been outside of the
theater and connecting with all of you
who have seen the film who've been so
wonderful so warm coming up to all of us
with open hearts and this has been just
a dream come true I can't imagine a
better place to have a film to have a
world premiere and thank you for putting
the spotlight on Veterans issues
especially today it was very hard coming
home from Iraq to trust people to get
over a lot of the issues that we came
home with and on to come here to have
this experience it really is quite
healing so thank you very much the
entire community of tell you right into
the entire film festival thank you very
much
so guys one of the short films I watched
a couple of days ago was it called
throne yeah it's cool throat it's about
this guy coughing he's an amazing yo yo
yo yo yo yo ah yeah yeah I'll get him to
show you a few yo-yo tricks in a sec but
he just won an award shows your award
well the team that made the documentary
these guys won the Telluride Mountain
Film Awards one of the wards to the
shorts so come on oh yeah can I hold it
wow it's made of solid marble athonite
yeah that's all come around here
my crazy mouth as an awesome award by
congratulations yeah can you show us
some tricks
yeah and where can people find you
online you've got a brand oh yes yeah
you sell yo-yos you go search that
anywhere you can find sweet go to come
out and is the movie online anywhere to
watch it was there a trailer yeah is
there a trailer for the movie there's a
I'll link it below guys there's a
trailer you can check out what we're
talking about but it's pretty incredible
what do you tell people about anything
that you care about whether it's this
art for taxidermy yeah you know just
just really be passionate about
something into drive for for it yeah
these are the guys that made the film so
whilst people are using the toilet they
can attach their dog to this thing puppy
barking how cool is that you can just
attach Alicia
that's pretty awesome guy just randomly
paying on the street I love it
this town is amazing so just on the
street here they have a free box look at
this it's a free box anyone that once
could just come and take a burke some
closed coffin got some cool I've got
good cheese this is amazing
grab some food I think we're gonna head
back up to mountain village now
so tonight we are staying in the main
house
at Alison's she's letting us sleep in
one of her spare rooms the downstairs
apartment the people that were staying
there have come back we just did some
work in the living room it's pretty late
and I just gotta fight it's the perfect
night to do a little star laps and I
thought whilst I'm setting it up I'm
going to talk you through how I do star
laps on an a7 our Mach 2 so I've just
tried a couple of lenses and I'm gonna
talk you through it now so you come
outside with me and we're gonna go
outside with this big battery pack so
this is like a ridiculously big one but
you could just get one of it all phone
ones right let's head outside it found a
good spot so this is my first bit of
advice guys I've downloaded this app
called star walk there's a few similar
apps like this where basically it gives
you a kind of layout of all the stars in
the sky and I looked around and I found
the Milky Way's the Milky Way is
basically in this direction up here in
the sky so you might want to do this
before you step out into the cold like I
have but basically on your menus there's
this one called application list and
what you can do is you can go to the
PlayMemories camera app store and buy
this app called time-lapse I think it's
like 5 pounds or something I'd set an
peaking level high peaking color red and
that means when you're in manual focus
can you see the stars are a little red
dots
so you basically pull the focus ring
until you can see what you want to be a
focus highlights in red I've gone for a
30 second exposure
of open the aperture 22.8 just to get a
crisper shot but it does mean not
everything's gonna be a focus and I've
set the ISO to 1600 so once you're happy
with your settings and you've done a
single photo test open up your
time-lapse application that you should
be able to download pretty easily so
under the application settings you can
you can play around with this guys but
I'm just going to choose images so
there's no video file of it the interval
is going to pretty much be decided by
the the time of the the shutter which is
like a 30 seconds so I'm just going to
set that to 1 second shots maximum
because I'm just going to leave it
running all night so make sure you have
enough room on your card and I think the
rest is there so so once you're ready
I'm gonna do a test shot
I'm gonna need that bad boy to do its
thing all night if all went well you can
see right now what happens well
hopefully that was a very beautiful
time-lapse of the stars and you guys can
go and play around with it yourself and
I'd love to see any of those time lapses
so maybe how you could do it is upload
an Instagram video of your time lapse
and tag me in it and then I'll be able
to go through and see people's and
comment and then the ones I like right
we're going to be spending a another
couple of days here just relaxing
enjoying nature hanging out with Allison
and yeah it's been an amazing amazing
few days and there's lots of things to
think about I feel very inspired and I'm
excited about the future of videos
storytelling and all the things all the
the journey I could bring you guys on as
I'm discovering more of my passions and
how to share the important things in the
world with you guys right catch in the
morning peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
