good morning guys we've just landed in
Phoenix Arizona and our way to terrorize
Colorado where we're going to be going
to the mountain Film Festival so pretty
excited about ten of these with film
festivals for and I've heard this is
like really awesome a lot of the movies
shown are going to be quite conscious
and people thinking about kind of things
gonna be quite inspiring just a little
bit tired
oddly to jump in American Airlines
welcome you to very ample time in 2011
this is the tiniest plane ever you can
fill our bags me I've got head luggage
compartments
thank you
which so we've arrived in Grand Junction
is that where we are and you're gonna
get a bus now to tell all right the
things like that turn off our bus
journey so guys Ryan had to squeeze
their bag in to fit it in the overhead
luggage compartment and it's totally
destroyed her back broke this whole
wheel off missing they all cracked
I'm sorry about right
it was mine ladies cooled out saying
there's less luggage and it let the
right behind us
so this is the Film Festival would come
to Mountain film and this is Allison
who's hosting us
yeah Louie Louie sorry okay so same deal
yeah the whole town today is like one
massive gallery
we probably the house
Tethys out this is cool
is it sooner yeah this is a cenote
Mexico
and that is likely the happiest zoo in
the world dryer bought a very strong
beetroot juice
show us your tongue oh it's died down a
little bit when you first surfaced on
gee thanks how do we pay for the bus so
guys this is Alison who were staying
with he's invited us if you remember
from Iceland I don't know if she's in
the video but she's hosting us her house
and she's gonna show us what mountain
films all about yeah it was my Beth in
there are we going to enjoy this weekend
well some fellas may be very
manipulative
Wow that is a that is a strong statement
right we've just arrived at our first
screening exciting we're just trying to
find a seat
so this is the short film we're watching
I'll give you a full review afterwards
these guys featured in the documentary
just watch very very powerful stuff
so push it down in the issue the idea of
someone else so guys the documentary we
just watched was very powerful and
having the people that were in it
sharing at the end were
I don't know it made it that much more
real so it wasn't just like something
watching them to screen it was basically
just about the trauma that veterans that
fought in the military suffer and how
it's not really acknowledged and kind of
the inner workings of dealing with I
guess guilt or feeling like they were
forced into doing really terrible things
so it's just looking at the psychology
and how it affects people and the power
of forgiveness was the main message I
took away from it but yeah just very
thought-provoking very moving a bit
tear-jerking and we're about to head
back in to watch a couple of other short
films but before we do I'm pretty
peckish we come out with some snacks
I just noticed this this is crazy red
bananas have you guys ever heard of red
bananas
grab a small bunch of red bananas
something I've noticed about people in
teller I'd like super friendly like they
were closed
they've been closed for seven minutes
and we came up to the door and we're
like oh it's closed which is she open
the door she's like come in so that's
not really what would happen in England
or probably other parts of the states
but it's got that cool small-town vibes
you know everyone knows each other
everyone super friendly
there's a mama bear her cubs are guns
you have to worry they're grown now but
she'll come up sometimes and like put
your paws up on the window and stand up
don't freak out I'll go and give it a
big hug well it's about half 1:00 in the
morning we're gonna do a bit of editing
and then get some sleep because there is
like an action-packed weekend full of
short films and just so many like
amazing people even tonight like you saw
a few snippets of people I didn't really
explain what was going on because it was
all like the context was like the little
short films we watched about their lives
and issues and stuff so there was a lot
of stories to share but yeah I just just
left me feeling very not just inspired
but motivated to to do something you
know to make content which has got a
deeper or a stronger stronger impact
that's from the message that can change
things you know I just feel that there's
a lot of people tonight and that this
Film Festival that are really genuinely
changing
the world and yeah I'm just blown away
and so glad that I listened but invited
us and that she's hosting us here and
that we've got this whole this
downstairs bit to ourselves for the next
couple of days it's gonna be so lovely
in the most picturesque amazing
incredible little town I've never even
heard of yeah it's gonna be good guys
and I'll do my best to continue sharing
and I'll probably have a bit a few
revelations and ideas come to me and
things that I'd love to share with you
guys over the next couple of days
awesome right oh one last thing this is
fun last thing my sister Hilary has
released her first big music video Darcy
I think produced it and yeah it was
anyway it's amazing on the link it here
you can check it out and then in the
description and go and show us some love
going subscribe and just encourage you
with their music because that's the big
passion in life and I wanna support as a
brother right
I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
