good afternoon guys it's the second day
of the Mountain Film Festival in
Telluride Colorado and we've come up to
the conference center at the top of the
mountain I think we're actually at a
different place right now but we're
going to see some cool screenings and
then we're going to head down and meet
up with Allison who is staying with and
yeah I'm pumped I really really enjoyed
yesterday and seeing all the different
films and just being inspired so looking
forward to some more of that
yeah on the other side of things I I
sacrifice my personal relationships I'm
single so it is it is miling I see my
family once maybe twice a year
I don't have a heart I'm living in cars
I mean I I actually questioned myself
often and mi mi cheese in the right palm
for myself like am I going to be happy
as a photographer in 20 years time Roy's
just found a little puppy oh yeah okay I
just
huh what's the puppy's name um that one
is okay Jess - no - HS sisters I don't
wish to meet her
what did he think of those films where
they were unreal there's one about this
guy who's like a BASE jumper he skis and
then jumps like a hundred feet and like
pulls out a thing but it's like he
washes whole process and then he had a
GoPro so you like watch droughts videos
the whole audience is like oh it's so
cool where'd you do that
guys check all the elk out under that
tree you hey buddy hey buddy ha ha
whilst you're waiting in line we're
going to do bear meditation okay video
earth guardians and the frack free
Colorado are here going to do a
breathing exercise come on up and join
the circle
stop in the shoulders
you don't got a bit of music before we
start watching this won't you still
of course climate change suspect are
hanging over all of us
and then there been many films about the
subject as journalists said once the
climate change is one of the stories of
our time it is the story of our time
there isn't any film in the festival
about climate change like this one and
there isn't a film maker in this
festival or any of the festival
festivals I program like Josh box this
is the only planet as far as we know
that has low songs this is the only
planet as far as we know it has poetry
and it's time to celebrate by
the world is saved and lost every day
I want
so this guy here is the guy which made
this whole filmic wristwatch it was
pretty incredible it was pretty
incredible well that was the most
powerful film we've seen yet I think do
you think that was I think the thing for
me that I have realized and I'm
beginning to realize more is that we
can't afford to just sit by and watch
things happen and this this film was
mainly about the damage of climate
change and how far along it is and how
devastating it already is for so much of
the planet but we in the West in
developed societies can I guess hide
away in a little bubble and pretend
things aren't happening but I think for
me I want to I guess expose a lot more
of that and encourage you guys to take
action even in little things in our
lives where we can
yeah be more proactive and just for me
it's about a mindset to love the planet
around us and love those around us and
away from greed and a lot of what
society tells us is important so I don't
know has lots to think about
and hopefully yeah yeah hopefully we can
action on things we learn I think it's
about once you've learned things once
you've learned the truth it's hard to
deny it and it's hard to it's hard to be
what's the word ignorant yeah and it's
hard just to sit back and pretend it's
not happening so yeah Oh crazy what do
you think
well you just paraphrase everything
we've both not just hey I'm thinking all
these things I just had a long
conversation about it this is what we
were it's what we're both thinking and
anything to add by I guess you owe Louie
was saying like a lot of these things um
when you watch them it just makes you
feel like you don't know what to do with
yourself and he was like I don't know
what my call to action is and I was like
our call to action is that we have a
platform we have friends all over the
world that we can talk to every day and
we want to go and show you guys a lot of
the effects that are happening that are
easy to overlook when you live in
beautiful America and places like that
and to like help create like calls to
action and give you ideas on everyday
things you can do to make a difference
that's our call to action yeah we're
doing some Native American Charing Cross
even
holding onto this tree
we're back hey guys
look how bloodshot Rhys our eyes are we
are in Colorado
oh you can't guys know I've talked about
my channel I don't want to do weed it's
not a thing but wise blood children
because it's high altitude and I have no
gain of water we've been finding we get
quite exhausted on these days I think
it's a combination of processing a lot
from the things we're watching probably
a little bit of the fact that we're
quite high altitude and just lots of
socializing conversations meeting people
I've tried to show again some of our day
and little snippets it's hard to fully
show what we're experiencing and what
we're thinking about a lot but it's very
positive it's we're meeting some amazing
people and I think although this weekend
isn't the most exhilarating content to
watch as you know for you guys I think
it's going to shape a lot of the future
of the kind of things we're going to be
doing I was really excited tonight I met
one of the producers of racing
extinction which is a mate an amazing
environmental documentary you need to
watch what was your high left and today
I think just the conversations yeah like
the party we just went to we were all
sitting around in a circle and we just
got like so deep so quick I think
everyone here is just on the same
mindset and just like wanting to change
the world and like open talking about it
and stuff yeah it's awesome and we've
got this amazing place and big thanks to
Allison if you're watching again for
hosting us got like a cool little
fireplace there's bears out there which
we haven't seen yet but she was telling
us about the other night as you heard
and yeah we've got another fun day
tomorrow we're gonna again have a little
bit of a lion tomorrow think I need to
I'm not even getting my vlogs edited at
night I need to do some editing some
sort some things out we'll catch you
guys then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure but
