morning so today we are heading up in
the helicopter in about like half an
hour or something we're going on an
island tour we may even get to fly over
the volcano that we look at that last
night or what are the sides of it that's
spilling out lava it's an incredible day
so check out the view from the gold
lounge yeah we're gonna be like flying
up there all around there we've just
arrived at the helicopter place
there's our helicopter over there it's
just landed from the previous tour we've
just been told that the lava flows today
out the mountain are the best they've
been in years and also this is Nick's
first helicopter ride to those now
you've got a special helicopter I feel
first ever been in a gyrocopter yeah
a fortunate to get this close because
it's a four and a half miles across the
rain forest but you have to hike for
several miles behind us to get down to
our to close in the road so basically
why there's no way to get out
but these two things are the biggest
that we've had in probably two years out
here
period value yeah I'd say two out of ten
wives over there we don't see any if I
see so growing it that called air up top
but not always
it's not a guaranteed as the evolve over
there
that was so so epic actually getting to
see the lava flows like and he's saying
like they could be disappeared in a few
hours so we were incredibly lucky that
was crazy it's like we just went to like
four different parts of the planet yeah
everywhere that we flew is so different
I don't know it's been saying that like
so many different environments and stuff
for in one place it's raining we just
sent out a lunch got this Hawaiian curry
thing with some sweet potato fries we're
eating lunch it started raining quite
heavily to say we have umbrellas
we're doing something quite fun now
we're learning to hula dance and also
we're gonna watch some or maybe learn
some fire knife dancing but to start off
with Ryan is gonna this is Ryan he's
gonna give us some hula grass skirts and
costumes to wear in the coconut bro is
it working is a bit of a strong when I
have a nip slip I suddenly feel like
it's really bad but it let's check for
the devil
all right we're done with the hula
dancing we're now gonna learn how to do
the World Championships two weeks ago
and you got six place in the entire
world this is pretty simple yeah yeah
pretty easy okay
transition to learn
well we attempted to learn some of the
very very basic first moves of like
swiveling the knife around now Park is
going to get the fire and
guys we are about to go and this canoe
this double canoe for a sunset boat ride
and nick has brought is drone out again
just getting a little listening
if you flip them up
onami anomaly Oh Lord nominee
yeah oh my oh my
and about for dinner you're breaking out
a sweet broth yeah we really fireworks
yeah I think check out that tricep is so
swollen guys that is where we're having
dinner we're having a romantic dinner
for four over there my name is out of
your service you know thanks it's a
pleasure the fire pit and lounge area is
ready for you look we literally huddle
at this personalized little area with
thinking we're getting serenaded
I live
dinner is served well we've met a cat
he's just chillin over there scratching
that palm tree meanwhile we've just got
our next course this is what did you say
this with you wha why is it so sparkly
that's probably real gold he's not
joking
I caught a crab she ran after it picks
it up he is cool now how big is pincers
are doing to see my crab well guys that
was the most insane dinner saying I've
ever experienced and the perfect end to
probably what's been the best week of my
life I think I want to give a big thanks
to fair month that we've been partnering
with on this trip and bend over
backwards to make this week possible
yeah he's been it's been amazing
we've been treated to the Fairmont Gold
experience which I'm sure you've seen
it's been pretty awesome if any of you
guys are thinking of coming to Hawaii
and want to do any of the things we've
done I'm going to link in the
description fairmont moments and they
can organize the incredible things for
you two all right we've got one more day
I'm gonna go to edit and I'll catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
