today's our last day of Maui
we're heading to Kona it's afternoon but
we're just enjoying the beautiful
weather and scenery before we're done
we've just got the last few instagrams
we wanted to get and now we're heading
off I'm not always a fan of resorts and
hotels but this has been such nice week
so far
get on it
Zach like nothing happened
rushing water refreshing water right
we're going back to Julie's place for
joyous food small eating hey this is our
last visit yeah start off the lunch I've
got this amazing onion soup it's like a
whole onion in there for you Oh sir you
can Andy thank you have you got any
veggies with cashew cheese Pisco thanks
guys if you ever come to Maui go check
this place out
Joyce place amazing amazing food it's
literally been our go-to place for love
to the last few days probably need to be
the airport like five minutes but before
we do we're going to go by an arrow
press for Nick and I might actually buy
a narrow brush as well workers it's like
the best way of brewing coffee whilst
traveling
my bags pretty full at the moment I
don't think only have to get one today
but at some point I'm definitely gonna
go
goes away because the wind is giving
them a matter of Marilyn Monroe
I just find a rather Pleasant for myself
but it alright let's go to clean up
this is me here sweet
thank you
we're here where you listening to first
stop on the Big Island riff go and get
on rental car and then we're heading to
the hotel I am exhausted and get much
sleep last night
and this is a very special sigourney
yeah but have you had baby
thank you very much
Church yes good we always awesome news
first thing we've got arranged is a
massage by the beachfront so ahead in
their house
I know Reese where do they go this way
look at this literally a waterfall
running in the middle of the hotel
grounds
check this out
this is pretty epic massage Gordon how
awesome is this but I feel like your
eyes closed Jamie gosh you're gonna have
to like look up yeah we'll be like let
down look how thick the sunset news
gonna be an epic sunset
and the person oh I'm spilling over well
that was a pretty epic massage I'm gonna
say that was the most different message
or ever had because instead of the
normal background music we just heard
the waves lapping up on the beach this
cool is never how did you guys find your
massage everything as you can see below
was one of the best massage vacations on
yeah I'm gonna see in the background Des
Moines boy white people not because you
know what Slipslop um yeah right what
were you saying you were doing it in LA
you were slipping so substantially you
could take a step stops on the stuff
inside what I did you found Raya there's
a virgin pina colada are you cooking
that stuff like that inside not like
another camera eight o'clock Oh dinner
has arrived
okay awesome thanks
sweet bye what just happened
waiting for a moment she took a mouthful
it with I didn't know she was dying
we're like it's warm isn't the best
thing you've ever hear why that is good
that tell you me we're on the hunt for a
hot tub we may have found one oh my gosh
this guy we just met said there's some
turtles on the beach over here so we can
I go and have a look I think they're
just sleeping on the beach endangered
Hawaiian green sea turtles
guys check it out he's just chillin I've
um there were two and then I realized
that was a rock oh what's he doing is he
looking is he sleeping there is he
waving he's like yo yes bro yo
get it
guys look how bright the moon is tonight
it's nuts
I'm pretty excited guys to be exploring
another Island of Hawaii I don't
actually know how many islands are on
total there like five something on that
anyway we're only visiting two for this
trip and we've got loads of activities
planned over the next week tomorrow
morning
I'm not gonna get my hopes up too much
by think we might be swimming with
dolphins which I try to do once before
in New Zealand my first trip to New
Zealand and when I was vlogging and we
didn't see any so like I said I'm not
gonna get my hopes up but hopefully
they'll be dolphins and they'll be
swimming around us and that is like
pretty high on my bucket list and and
then in the evening tomorrow I think
we're doing a night scuba dive with
manta rays so it's all going to be
pretty crazy I might I might try and
take my 360 camera down with the
dolphins that could be pretty epic in
there okay I'm gonna do my best
either way the next week I'm going to
try and capture some sort of underwater
360 should we good right I will catch
you guys bright and early tomorrow
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
