good morning guys today we are leaving
Lima
we're leaving Peru and we are heading to
Hawaii but that's not till much later on
that's like almost midnight tonight but
in the meantime me and Lara and raira
went out for some lunch so the place we
hate in the other day was closed because
it's a Sunday and pretty much
everything's closed but we think we may
have found somewhere open down the roads
that jumped in the United on taxi ever
legit the girls weren't even gonna get
in to be fair if you own your own I
don't think oh we're done with lunch
delicious Lana kindly bought us lunch
thank you we just should we go to the
catwalk so we're going out on a mission
to find the cat park that we walked past
last night and then we can just cuddle
cats for hours we don't have to leave
till tonight
that gives us like five solid hours of
cat cuddling this is basically a
sleeping having an afternoon siesta and
a rad car
I grabbed a little coffee on our way
we've now arrived this can I think I
don't know if it's actually called cat
paw but it is look look how many cats
there's nothing around
I don't know be somewhere vlog yesterday
but
there
whoa that guy's need to be eating the
tree why are you eating the tree
look how ripped off the bottom of this
tree is
me and I are going to go join in the
darn thing so we strolled back to the
hotel we've just been chilling in the
last few hours we've said goodbye to
everyone
they've all left apart from Lana are you
staying another night and now me and
Raya
are catching on taxon to be the airport
I think our flights in like three hours
or something
so I'll taxi driver just clip to wing
mirrors with a driver left his window is
gone and he just got out to talk to the
die
if the other guys pretty angry hopefully
there's not a fight oh he looks really
angry don't punch him are they gay it's
a nice friendly pat is that okay
five liberal rights at the airport it's
not just checking for a flight
feeling a bit weird today guys I know
what it is you might be just joined to
the end of an intense week or so with
Tiki
so we've got a little way before our
flight the lounges here have a massage
chair so they're indulge for 15 minutes
before we set off this is perfect to
know when about 10 years ago Dave and my
mate Andy brought to these chairs and
they had them in their houses and I once
worked all day my laptop thing a comment
was that it's a web designer something
on the master chefs and it's like eight
hours of getting their cellars but one
of these was so good they recommend 15
minutes
these are the best walkways which is
their kind of bouncy
are these the best one
it's so bouncy
husband a Saturday it's always difficult
we have to leave an amazing team that
would be doing stuff with a week I feel
like every year I bond with the people
that would go away with I guess that
always happens when you go traveling if
you haven't already I think Emma's
channels below you go check them out and
see their content from the trip and also
check out the tikis content it's been
this benefit on week I'm really after
I'd highly recommend going yeah now
we're on the plane to Hawaii via Dallas
with the relending and Dallas first
thing in the morning and then hopping on
another plane but before I go it's kind
of been an uneventful day and I thought
I'd go back to those you remember before
I did the so we month we were doing
questions each week which you guys were
answering and I was including some clips
of my videos so I had a bunch of
question I had a bunch of answers that
I'd received from a question from like
six weeks ago which was what helps you
thrive in life so ot you guys the two
things that helped me thrive the most in
life is the encouragement for my best
friend who just so happens to be my
girlfriend and the realization that I
only have one life and that that's
something that's I'm comprehensively
valuable I think that reading books and
articles make me thrive because by doing
so I gain useful knowledge that I can
apply to various aspects of my life and
having knowledge does make me feel
content because the more I learn the
more I feel closer to becoming the best
version of myself some things that help
me throw it would be my friends my
family and my fiance also my dog too
because I work with seniors and people
with long-term disabilities it's just a
really rewarding job and it helps me to
think that I thrive on the most the
thing that brings me the most joy in
life and the thing that I actually
subsist on
other than just the daily minutia the
one thing that really has inspired me I
would say in the past five 10 years
believe it or not is Bigfoot
laughs all you want but the plain fact
is I've met some of the best people I've
ever met in my life made some of the
greatest friends in this field of
research I've gone on some really
incredible adventures just looking for
what 95% of the planet doesn't even
believe exists even the biggest failure
of an expedition still leaves you 100%
immersed in the best of what Mother
Nature has to offer thanks for your
answers guys it's always really
interesting to me to hear and I guess
for the other people watching what your
personal experience is and what you feel
about things and it's interesting to see
what makes you thrive because I think
for each of us different things help us
thrive in life and I thought of a
question to ask you guys this week which
is I'd love to know something you've
done this week for somebody else that's
like a really nice thing that you've
done for someone else and this isn't a
boast but I think it's just really nice
for us to be able to watch and know that
there's good people out there doing good
things so this isn't an opportunity to
boast but just to share some of the good
things you're doing in your life I'd
really love to know how many personal
things you've done for people so
as before the informations in the
description of how to send those video
clips and yeah I will see you first
thing in the morning of Dallas peace out
into a life
