good morning guys
it's our last day in Crisco to drive to
the airport
have a spontaneous me up in the airport
these guys are playing airport frisbee
before we board our flight
so everything mayor the three tallest
people on the trip probably props my
daughter's name yes good but thankfully
we have an exit row so full legroom I
feel like this is even more legroom in
under no no works I've never had this
much like my entire life but I think
sealable no pounds meters
I wonder whether we're gonna feel super
fit and yeah
how much more extend he says it's the
level so Jesse had his board confiscated
when he flew into the country and he's
just managed to get it back yeah so we
stayed in let me write to Lima like a
week ago now ten days I mean when do we
arrive I've completely lost track of
time
yeah so guys I've been chilling in the
hotel editing we're about to head out
for dinner and all these lovely people
have been waiting to say look how
awesome Peru is and they gave me these
leaves look at these pillows what are
these
coca leaves these are the leaves I think
we've been drinking those I'm in the
table had our two sickness these believe
so yeah thank you bye yeah last night
together
Steve's already headed off that's why
others oh I get
getting slights rather day tomorrow and
yeah I wasn't on the island
so everyone else has gone out clubbing
and me Evan Raya and Lana are heading
back to the hotel Evan actually got
attacked by some cats on the way home
these ferocious animals just just ran
after us and attacked him and we're
actually waiting now for an ambulance to
rescue us so many cats are out there we
just arrived back at the hotel me and
Evan are gonna go and see our laptops
are still in the restaurant because we
left them in there uploading earlier was
quite fast uploaded but now we're gonna
see what they're still there all that
sucks so bad that they want yeah
do you think do you think it's a lot
okay get out boom-boom-boom-boom
they're not there they're not there bro
oh dude what the heck they're definitely
not around this is where we left them
guys why did they move them this is
where we left them right here guys it's
not good no it's not good let's just go
and check out the front best before we
panic oh you have them take your timber
well I got my laptop that was a relief a
little bit worried then I am exhausted
tomorrow is our last day in Peru I don't
know what we're planning yeah boy I
definitely want to go back to that cat
park that we walked past there's so many
cats a lot of cats and yeah I guess
we'll be saying goodbye to everyone as
they're slowly catching their flights
throughout the day and then my minor
rice was like eleven thirty years of me
at night so we've got the entire day
I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life and lift the adventure
