good morning guys
very exciting today because we're going
to go whitewater rafting so we've all
got our GoPros ready and yeah it's gonna
be like a two hour rafting trip just
hope the waters not too cold
yeah Jana right we've arrived this is
our raft check this out we all get in on
it we've got a wetsuit we're about to
put these on found a helmet that semi
fits but I'm probably gonna have surahs
by the end of this I'm just trying to
find a little sticky bit to stick the
GoPro in the front of the boat I don't
know where change the furniture right
found my shoes he's fit I think we're
good
well don't need oh oh okay okay
all right we're pretty much ready to go
I'm gonna switch to GoPro now right
let's do this let's do it you relaxing
el-sheikh worth it
oh you're risky look at him with adoring
fan undercut his cameras gonna get the
story
I've seen those there's a hotel you can
stay in those what's the name sky lodge
okay sky lodge hey guys that's the sky
lodge up there those are bedrooms
connected onto the cliff face
guys are about halfway through our
rafting we've got all the teams here
basically just sunbathing this is the
most relaxing rafting I've ever done
we've hit a couple of mild Rapids but
apparently the last 20 minutes is like
good Rapids this is so good
this is so beautiful we're basically
just going through we're going down the
river and there's just an epic epic
mountains either side you're tired right
I'm true
under
I'm turning
look
Oh
I'm onto something turning
somebody looking for
that was incredible how good is that
Riya like more fun than I thought it
would be yeah like I was saying in the
boat I could do this like a whole week
like a weeks rafting trip like camping
out every night with this kind of
weather and this kind of landscape did
you break your camera Roy I did I knew
beforehand I was like there's a 50-50
chance I might break it no I broke it
what is this is lunch time where's this
cow to juvey did you grow this part
right spicy stars but would you pay
you're happy oh yeah no no I'm good try
a stunt guy ties my forehead is peeling
don't heal its skin here it's real gross
from the day that I was sunbathing on
the boat when we went to this flowing
island so annoying right we spent past
the hotel picked up all our stuff we're
now going to a train station and we are
catching a train to the town nearest
Machu Picchu for a very early morning
start tomorrow
yeah I think we're getting up at like
4:00
so I'm looking forward to this train
ride
guys we're about to board the train I've
just found out this is one of the most
beautiful train rides in the world also
Roy has never been on a train before
first Roy
I've never ever been on a train that is
so crazy epic or strange really that is
so awesome bro
is the train to Hogwarts yeah so guys
I've decided to upgrade my blogging
camera what do you think I think this is
gonna be much better quality
I can just clip it onto my belt as well
just clip down here let's walk around
like that maybe we run
probably playing heads up
did you enjoy that train ride learner we
all have to play a game like
good
so the town we just arrived in it's
called address calientes as the nearest
town to Machu Picchu and that was quite
an incredible train journey I love that
guys with better dinner it's 10:00 p.m.
there's like a party happening outside
our room
guys this is what's happening outside
the hotel room right now hopefully it
doesn't go all night because we have to
get up at 4 a.m. which is gonna be
painful but we're going to like I'm
saying we're gonna walk up to he's
amazing
they Incan ruins that much bitch I think
everyone has a matching picture yeah but
some people might not ok think yeah ok
wait this is it
oh no maybe that's not it anyway anyway
we're getting up early because there's
it's like a protected area so that like
there's an opening time I think were
going to try and get a bus up there for
6:00 a.m. and then we're going to have a
bit of time in it it could get flooded
with tourists throughout the day but
we're going to try and get in there
super early so we get the most authentic
experience but it's going to be yes
gonna be tough I've got a Red Bull
knocking around somewhere but why
doesn't like me drinking Red Bull but
anyway well we'll see in the morning
it's gonna be pretty epic
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
