good morning guys it's almost 5:00 a.m.
we got up at 4:00 because today is a day
that we're hiking up to Matt you're
pitchy going to try and get out there
for sunrise although it was chucking it
rain when we got up and it's probably
very cloudy so I don't know if they'll
see it okay is started raining again
this is going to be interesting we get
it on the pass from my ticket got my
bananas got my Red Bull yeah are you
excited yeah that's where we are we're
here
prettiest tree flowers that is pretty
epic check this out guys we're above the
clouds so climbing right to the very top
they get the most spectacular view the
sun's just about to peak over those
mountains looks like we are going to get
a sunrise
Oh
played one say for all the times that I
don't know what to leave myself leave
them
play
by the Sun is hit magic actually check
how beautiful that legs stunning just
learning some things about me try to
yeah
so when they arrived here too much
picture they took this unique photo
you're not going to find anywhere this
photo is actually was took by the camera
of Hiram Bingham how much picture used I
don't see anything all covering nature
okay all right all covering nature guys
oh he was jungle so this was a hiding
cities of the Incas because we had a lot
of stories about these pioneers the
Conqueror they were saying yeah there is
a lost city of the Incas maybe heard
about that the lost city of leader that
leader wishes for me that was my picture
which is learning up the whole group for
an epic fight with much the picture in
the background
guys look how fast these clouds are
moving let us out
the
really really unique because we call the
temple of the Sun right if you see how
it was built
noplease massive rock and what they
decided is just to build the thing on
the top of it the construction on the
top of it it will be easier for them
just that they destroy the place and we
are going to just remodeled it big but
they respected that much nature so they
just decided to put all that
so as we're exploring the ruins Jonah is
explaining to the different building
techniques you've got Imperial which is
this very clean-cut bricks and then you
look at wall down that end that's
cellular designed walls it's been more
organic
there's all these beautiful flowers in
this little garden arranged here we've
spotted a couple of hummingbirds flying
around that's so cool
you
guys look at the llamas yeah I've never
explored a city like this before
I'd love to see like back in time and
see what was happening here like
hundreds of years ago
what we do in secret start ticking this
is what I offer you every I do I ask now
hopefully this lips and I try to
find the really nice ones like this
alright so take three each person please
I have my three coca leaves alright guys
so this is a special we don't normally
don't do this but we are going to do
this with you guys are so the King to
represent actually the hand in religion
the Andean thoughts as you see the
trilogy alright of the three world what
you used to have the coca leaves will
represent something really particular
for us which means like heritage and now
I'm gonna collect your wishes now we are
going to leave those here in our kitchen
oh so every time that you're going to
think about this place you're gonna know
that you left something here so we were
made a little wish with these coca
leaves now we're giving them to Johnny
and he's gonna leave them here a match
picture look I like ya guys
you
I think one of the things have
fascinates me about being here amongst
like swarming crowds is that this place
was hidden in the jungle and now
literally thousands of people come here
every day to explore it and to see its
beauty and then you think imagine how
many other places like this have been
like lost in the history and time that
are still kind of overgrown in the
jungle somewhere and no one knows about
them
imagine that finding a hidden city going
out as a bunch of explorers I would love
that so much yeah this is kind of
Awesome that's your picture you can
stamp your palms but with a huge magic
bitch you are
yeah all right time to get back on the
bus
here's my ticket yeah thanks
burns time can I have no butter Oh see
sorry no butter no got our and no milk
we're walking back from lunch we've come
through the town center you would have
seen this this morning we do is pitch
black but look at this amazing river
flowing through the middle of town
collected our bags from the hotel and
now we're going to jump back on the
train that we came in last night on
we are finally back in cusco oh that was
a long plate right I've got loads of
editing done which I'm happy about
now we've got dinner waiting for us at
the hotel about I have my own pizza so
excited we got very early this morning
and I just feel like I probably have an
eight or nine yeah I'm going to attempt
to eat this whole pizza I'm absolutely
exhausted because we did not sleep up to
last night but we did have a fantastic
day I cannot believe that we're at match
picture this morning it was yeah one of
the most incredible places I've ever
visited
I'd highly recommend checking it out if
you're in Peru alright I'll catch in the
morning we're gonna have a bit of a tour
on Cusco and see some of the amazing
things there peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure but
