good morning guys
we are leaving Puna today we're going to
cuzco fortunately people have fallen ill
including Raya and so there's a second
bus leaving at 11:00 those that when
they just have a little bit of sleep and
recover a bit it's a six hour coach
journey we've got a few cool stuffs in
the way really like these llamas and
stuff apparently second bus is the name
of this coffee according to the people
Choice Award is the base was 2010 and
2011 they just defeat as no the
Colombian coffee
so this one is produced in the
rainforests of through and this is a
particular place where you can find it
on the highlands and as well we have
this particular coffee here have you
ever heard about it - coffee
oh yeah so these animals they are called
quad is the you see here on the side the
qualities so these animals they eat the
coffee beans when they poop they use the
book to produce this topic /le this bag
is full of food right by second shape so
as you heard boys this is a pretty
special stop
usually when you stop off from journeys
to stop any service stations and the
food and drink aren't very good
the
little town that we stopped off at not
only do they have the best coffee in the
world
voted why people's choice they also have
this weird squirrel food copy that was
telling you about and they also have the
best chocolate in the world so I'm think
I'm gonna have to try all of that so
this is copy Laura I'm actually gonna
buy a whole bag of these if I like it
but this is this is the most expensive
coffee in the world let's give it a
taste
oh my god all right that is unreal yeah
it's literally making my eyes water so
I'm getting emotional I see this is
incredible what do you think so I just
looked online and in some places this
coffee can sell for $100 per cup of
coffee that is I'm not real guys I have
to get myself some of this coffee I'm
taking this with me so I just heard from
Breyer I think the other group leaving
now
she's stealing a tiny bit better
stop here
we are quite high here we are
descendants as you go slow walkers no we
have over forty four hundred meters and
seventy okay
I hope cheer level so here we started
sending all the way down to Cusco around
hi a thousand meters
Jeb is low morale is this is this a low
morale and an alpaca it's so fluffy
he is ridiculously fluffy we've just
arrived at some kind of petting farm for
llamas and alpacas and they are so
fluffy
I'm ready to be a mummy my god my
ovaries are just that's the alpaca and
that's the crossbreed this is my dude
he's got dreadlocks took him took these
dreadlocks out hey chill out bro yeah he
was his Game of Thrones so good time to
get vanilla coffee
you know it's good to the poop company
but it's still pretty here bye-bye we're
heading to some Inca ruins now well
excited
may have noticed I was out in the summon
that with too much yesterday and I
forgot to reapply some green so got it
with burn on my face but I have just
applied back to 45 or like my face and
body so hopefully so these building
ruins here from the 1400s there Incan
ruins and this area was destroyed when
the Spanish invaded all right so the
walls are made by volcanic rock and then
they put clay in the middle as mortar
guys guess where are we located now but
look over there and then we are on the
road this is the inca trail guys do you
see the lines around all the map this is
the actual inca trail I was such a wreck
connecting yeah
connecting the 2,400 kilometers that we
have through successive rise
drink the water from here you think is
there anything that you can drink water
straight from the smell Cup okay how is
it Larry
yeah
oh yeah
that's not that was
we finally arrived we finally arrived
guys look who's here what happened what
happened at the airport it's dinner time
this restaurant literally feels like
we're in Harry Potter check that out
and our dinner is just arrived got some
noodles stir-fry noodles how are they
Jessie very good so after traveling all
day we're finally in Chris Cove for the
lovely night together ours great to see
Jason Gina Rose feeling a little bit
better and tomorrow where we've got the
day off to relax and recuperate a bit
because these early mornings have been
difficult and that altitude and
everything just adjusting has been
difficult and we've got like another
week of doing awesome things including
going to Machu Picchu which is near here
I'm really excited right I will see you
guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and the adventure
