good morning guys it's just gone 6 a.m.
we are leaving Fiji today and we are
heading to American Samoa
we are thankfully we're staying in a
hotel literally right next to the
airport so we just walked across and you
can see Balu there sitting with all the
big planes we just need to go and clear
customs I think we need to I think we
fueled up yesterday so that should be
fine
hopefully we'll be airborne by 7:00 okay
guys we have just paid for all the
airport fees and it's over three
thousand US dollars which is the most
with aid yet
all right time to head to American Samoa
I think this is I need to check I think
this might be my 80th country down
visiting
let me just
yeah Americans know it's my 80th country
that's pretty cool that's a cool
milestone number every uniform advice
ready ready to go 2nd November at the
uniform wind zero nine is there at five
knots then right off the airport contact
approach one one nine decimal one kid
for takeoff son read to zero after day
of to zero right turn on that contact
approach one one nine decimal one sir
virgin remember to10 uniform able to
zero writer
I love tropical island yeah pretty
awesome so women from traffic is coming
up at your three o'clock passing 2006
liming a 9500 copy that we have a
kick-ass year so we'll stay clear of a
circle where establish on route to DUPLO
perfect through 4600 November 2 1 0 Kuna
phone we have the Twin Otter inside
remember I confirm copy things and
confirm maintaining many thousand people
that's affirmative level nine sales and
updated ETA for loop loads one nine five
six - how's the weather today nothing on
my poor cap well it'll just be local
storms like this I'll have to fly around
well that is pretty spectacular on the
right will the cloud because like it's
weird like going home was really good
for my stomach I feel like my body just
relaxes to the point where it's not as
test but yeah it's good as water as it's
same yes the color is just unbelievable
it's happiness like I can't see how you
can't be happy being near something like
this I just want to go dive so badly do
you have the same wine on your side yeah
it's pretty similar no ma'am I wonder
where the recent bluest blue I've ever
seen oh look out look at that when it
goes like Turk we had a deep blue layer
here look is like the thief's blue
you know we have if everything goes to
plan we have a whole week easy in Hawaii
serious we could actually if we wanted
to push it to ten days it might be good
recovery time and that will give us
enough time is this bad weather to get
to California
we'll never do kind of yeah a pretty
good picture like two or three days
ahead
well I'll start monitoring it around on
the second I let will start deciding
which days but that's 100% yeah it's
made by Condor Sun that we don't have
any hiccups here were called what would
you like to do in Hawaii shoot we tried
to find a nice hotel that these diving
and I'd only like to do some sightseeing
because I've never been there
which Euler do we go to the playbook I
don't know what it's called
oh by the way very soon we're passing
over to tomorrow yesterday yesterday and
tomorrow back into you tomorrow which is
weird to say we're gaining a full day
again and then we're losing a full day
again yeah
so in nine minutes we're jumping forward
24 hours
thumping backwards we're going back in
time we jump in backwards oh yeah that's
crazy well today four three two one and
it's tomorrow
it's yesterday - yeah
it's so confusing
lovely
I just want to squish the cloud just on
a squid yeah I would suggest getting
your belt tied on because we're gonna go
through these powers on us
okay it's gonna get nasty
cargo cargo traffic remember - I'm sorry
okay default one eight miles to the
southwest 2,000 feet
joining straight in for my final zero
five
Pongo Pongo International Airport
waiting there they forgot ahead of my
apparently three and three zero zero as
one zero visibility
whoa one zero listen I conditioned a few
clouds that one thousand I don't know
where to go uncontrolled airport just
talk next to that
what's that plane over there Hercules
cell they cool them it is yeah
that thing is a crap for landing on snow
heads on it far away from home
I have got skis on it so we've arrived
in American Samoa I didn't actually know
that this place existed
I knew about Samoa but I didn't know
American Samoa existed until maybe a few
weeks ago when we were plotting it in
and like I said when we took off this
morning this is my 80th country which is
pretty good landmark and this head port
we found out as we were coming into land
is unmanned so there's like it's kind of
a security like desk but there's just
people chillin so I'll just walk through
these a toilet whilst with refueling and
then we'll find out the plan that is
cool I like it from the UK
guys of all the places in the world I
have met someone has been watching our
videos around the world this is Edwin
right so good to me man well guys we
have been relaxing to hold off the name
since we got here
I literally just put my camera down we
went for a little swim in the pool grab
some lunch I then had one of the best
massages I've had in my life so yeah
very very more restful than I thought
these these few legs would be really
intense but it's actually nice kind of
leaving early getting in for lunch time
and then having the opportunity to relax
so it's been very cool it's a shame I'm
not going to explore these these
countries a little bit more I'd like to
come back it's also insane how remote we
are like if you look at the map we're
like kind of so far out into the Pacific
Ocean yeah it was a quite beautiful
sunset anyway we've just missed it but
yeah
the weather has been really really nice
I actually got a little bit sunburned
but I think I just enough like I didn't
get too bad but yeah anyway due to the
lack of sleep I got yesterday I'm gonna
get an early night tonight unfortunately
that means I'm not gonna be able to get
a vlog up for you guys but I'm so far
behind anyway have when I get to Hawaii
I'm gonna smash lights out and I've got
my friend Aria back in the UK he has the
hard drive I posted to him from
Australia now with a bunch of vlogs so
together we're gonna be trying to get
them up consistently for you guys
apologies again for the delay it's been
a lot more demanding and just yeah way
more difficult than I thought to kind of
keep them top of the vlogs and keep this
pace up of traveling for like over two
months and trying to shoot stuff for the
documentary so I don't know so for the
documentary it's difficult with these
very short stops and some of these
Pacific Islands to kind of include the
culture from each of these specific
islands but when we get to Hawaii and I
know you can't kind of summarize that
all this Pacific Islands but when we get
to Hawaii I want to do like a kind of a
longer a few days kind of hanging out
with some kind of Native Hawaiians and
learning about the culture there and
kind of doing a big feature for the
documentary so yeah that's a way things
are we haven't been able to yeah meet
people in every country but I'm trying
to get you know as much as of a diverse
cultural representation as possible with
the restrictions we have right actually
bright and early tomorrow morning peace
out enjoy life and live
that you
