it's been a very relaxed day so far in
Cusco and Justin has recovered a little
bit from yesterday Levin hey doma
and we had a very relaxed morning but
we're now going to head up me the rest
of the guys up at this place called
Blanco Christo which is like the top of
the mountain there's like a cross and
maybe a really cool view
here we are
Blanco Cristo what's that mean white
Christ
Blanco checkout love you over Chris go
it's little lamb Justin's gonna get to
play with a little lamb so we're going
on a mission to find the girls and Evan
maybe I think they're filming a video
somewhere know where Bryce sent me a
photo looks like they're down there in
the little Valley we found them they are
over there filming a video let can you
see them guys they found a dog it looks
like as well okay
me and Justin are heading over maybe we
can sneak up behind him and ruin their
video we spotted you from like all the
way up there no she said no cute uh is
he just a stray yeah she starred in the
video we just filmed it was the video
where can people watching my video see
that video youtube.com slash perfect did
the dog like traveling alone or with
friends what the ruins over there do you
know they are theirs I know that there's
they're just rocks perfectly fitted
that's all I know about them is that
there's no like clay in between the day
Inca yeah I understand Incan ruins
yeah we've got some more friends coming
why is there so many stray dogs here hey
hey dreadlocks yeah all the dogs are
joining us to come and see Jesus
definitely better but not hopefully I'll
get there by magic future day yeah
Evans admiring the cactuses he has a
special love for cactuses this needle
nose talked us through your incident
with it with the cactuses okay hike to
the bottom of the Grand Canyon I was
admiring a view I wanted to get a shot
with my GoPro so I went off the path and
sorry it's just bring up memories hit
the GoPro turned it on and then just
tripped and landed into a giant cactus
family and it was completely punctured
had to go to the hospital and get them
removed and I named them and you're
saying months later you're still pulling
them out you're right here I had to pull
out the tweezer they just i think i'm
poor cactus at this point that's why I'm
bringing this whatever doesn't kill you
makes you stronger the dopes have
followed us all the way up here come on
come on peaches Jesus is hypnotized I
think he's been he's been took chat into
that snake of the jungle book you know
the snake getting a sweet sunset shot
can we just take the back to the hotel
can't we just take them back to the
hotel right we're grabbing a cab back
down to town right the taxi drivers
kindly let us take five passengers on
the way back down so we're very cozy in
about you
look at these guys have you been rocking
around the town in it yeah
I walked back down into town from the
hotel where we just got dropped off I
need to have a laptop a left at the
restaurant unloading no no I left it up
loading how's the mopeds yeah yeah yeah
I got them in a min for the next one
yeah I left my I left my laptop
uploading but it still hasn't uploaded I
I've checked us the internet is
challenging in Peru is challenging who
we're doing our best
I've come to get my laptop
with the chef it's been a great day
before I head to bed I'm gonna show you
a little video clip that baby sent me
which is a bit of an update and some
important news on the whole selfie
project hey guys just a quick update
from me we are halfway through the
Soviet location window and as you know
this year's Sol be project is all about
going global that's why we travel around
the world in 30 days I'm still
recovering Louie I don't know how you're
back in Peru anyway so far we have had
applications from Mexico q8 Macau
Cameroon Colombia Tunisia South Africa
India Australia Austria New Zealand
Ireland Canada USA and the UK if you
have applied so far thank you so much
we've got more than 15 countries already
represented that means though there's
like at least 170 that have not yet had
a single application from so if you live
in a country that has not been mentioned
on this list please please please please
submit an application because not only
might your application be a really
awesome solution for the globe you're
also like represent in your country in
this global Talent Search
so we would really love you to apply
alright peace out have to click the link
below
sorry calm you've got one week left to
submit your idea please do it don't
procrastinate
don't let this pass you by this is a
really really good opportunity for any
of you out there that want to change the
world all right I'll see you tomorrow
for some more cool adventures around bro
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
