good morning guys
we are heading on a boat trip today to
go and see a cool lake and we are riding
in some kind of like bicycle rickshaws
to get to the ferry
what no I've never seen wild getting
face before we've arrived at the port
now we're gonna go find our boat I still
don't fully know the plan but all I know
is as soon as we got in the boat I'm
gonna have a little nap it's still way
too early
so we have arrived at one of the
floating islands and lake titicaca this
whole thing is floating how long has
this been here do you think the islands
our last important for 20-25 years
normally yeah and then they build a new
one
that's a weird that we're floating on
the water but we don't feel it guys so
right now we are located here you can
see puno so we are here into the bay of
food or in the whole community there are
almost 3,000 inhabitants
again this thing a little
yeah you look great
they've dressed all the girls up but
they don't seem to have any choice for
me son I think I'm just gonna like try
and put and random clothes out in here
I'm gonna put try and put on this dress
and they may be trying to find a house
I found some clothes what do you think
oh yeah I just found
I just did to my own dressing up I think
it's my favorite thing about this
culture is how colorful the closer that
every everyone is just brain by yeah
when you can eat your own house that's
just
oh we forgot we should go someone so we
just learned some very interesting
things about these floating islands
basically they made it highly of reeds
and they're about three meters thick
floating at this point on a 20 meter
deep part of the river or lake and they
can eat the reeds and they can build a
house
Analia just sunbathing on the roof
this is so good
it's crazy the temperature drop from
like in the morning is freezing and now
it's like
that was a lovely lovely buy trip I
enjoyed that a lot look how clear the
water is here this is a little bit more
chill than I matter no hike today which
is good
they still exhausting their how you
holding out fire okay it's just weird
because you feel like you're old like
body's failing you so extremely unfair
yeah I guess this is what my athletes
train at high else you see guys always
asleep when they said this to the group
but the land you see over there that is
Bolivia isn't it so we just found out
about an amazing tradition here kind of
worrying tradition but so basically
they're saying a lot of the people here
are quite shy so they find it hard to
find a girlfriend or boyfriend but they
say they wait to the certain time of
year where there's a lot of festivities
and then they they keep an eye on the
person they like and followed them home
like sneak up behind them get a little
rock and throw the rock at the person
and then if you like and then you get
the rock and then you show it back at
them then that's the sign that you like
please fill in the attitude
I love the hinges they're just great
time for lunch
thank you so much deep fried bread look
at this delicious banquet this is
amazing quinoa and then we're gonna make
some tea out of these little mint leaves
we picked earlier
did you know Lake Titicaca is the
largest lake in South America I was
amazing having a home-cooked lunch and
getting to meet the family there and
being welcomed into their house now
we're walking down to a beach somewhere
and I think a few people might go for a
little dip in this Lake you getting a
bit nostalgic about Bulgaria yeah just
like that meal we just had outdoors with
all the clay pots and like the
home-cooked homegrown food I don't know
how to describe it's just like you kind
of feel like fills my heart I can't wait
to show you know I say that it's yeah it
was much cooler than eating out which I
do like 99% of the time
learn how have you enjoyed the day today
so far I can't believe that today we
went to the floating island yeah no
that's crazy that's just it's insane for
me that was the best part
yeah I'm not gonna swim in here but I am
gonna pad on my feet hey it's fresh
right that is cold isn't it no no this
is not an overreaction
this is cold how's that Roy it would be
fine but we're so high up in elevation
right we are driving somewhere else
tomorrow Cusco is always good roads
Cusco is a six-hour drive but we're
going to stop on the way and like look
at llamas and stuff it's gonna be pretty
awesome
I'll see you in the morning another
early start peace now enjoy life and
live the adventure
