good morning guys
we've woken up right and early and Lima
Peru and we're about to jump on a flight
to somewhere else in Peru I don't really
know yet but all I know is it's very
high altitude found hours drive today
and early morning workouts so we were I
to the airport we've just checked in and
Lana's been met with similar alien man I
guess she has a lot of viewers in Peru
so one of her channels is a Spanish
Channel spanish-speaking channel so
that's why I think she had a big
audience in the Hispanic world you ready
for the high out which is Raya how did
you get there it's all in the back but I
hope you play Oh at least atleast you
got sub space of your really long legs
I actually really love flying friends so
much I've been chatting like a tit never
there he put a boyfriend
apparently
we're now at 3800 meters above sea level
I can tell ya I can't feel the altitudes
bar
I think I think we will think we will
feel this are you feeling the altitude
Justin's already collapsed we were
teasing larner as he walked into the
plane of our to get legroom so she gave
me a C which was awesome just gonna edit
and then she could socialize with
everyone else yeah you were to be pretty
bored saying nice to me everyone's
travel time editing we've arrived in p9
how do you say it I feel like I'm
sending it really British like who you
know who you know but no that's more
Italian isn't it
no and how do you say in a Spanish
accent
puddin oh no oh that little no I looked
up a stat yesterday on Wikipedia and it
said that the average height of women in
Peru is 4 for 11 which is like
almost a foot and a half shorter than me
the guys we've left the hotel just
throwing our bags in the rooms come down
to the restaurant but even just walk in
that short distance I'm really out of
breath that my heart is pounding and I
think it's compensating from the lack of
oxygen at this altitude I just heard
from Evan that the 25% less oxygen and
this out up to the normal so yeah my
heart's freaking out and I'm yeah just
very short of breath he's gonna take a
few days to acclimatize look it's a cute
little pizza oven Briana's vlogging he's
blowing air in there
that is unreal it's like oh my god my
whole body is going
we must be doing our challenge around
around about now but all of us are
feeling a bit weird I'm definitely
feeling very woozy even with that little
bit of oxygen I have a feeling well just
lightheaded and I don't need to lie down
for a little bit
hopefully my body can sort itself out I
don't feel like fully sick but I
definitely think it's like my old
altitude sickness hopefully gets better
has anyone else experienced an altitude
sickness I want to know like at Wow
attitude it usually affects you and what
cities around the world are high enough
for that habit
be level straight up to come up like a
day a day because I've been hired miss
before when I was in Mexico but we were
like yeah gradually going to the height
apparently this is going to make us feel
better so this this is from this is the
same plant that cocaine's made out of
yeah and then we just mix it in the
water oh it's okay somebody makes do you
get like a kind of tenth of the effect
of cocaine uh yeah it does taste a
little bit like a game are you getting
on with their cocaine leaves there Evan
you know you don't look like you didn't
see well so just go over the tea yeah if
I can eat bad rabbit food but I've got
my third cup of cocoa
focussing coca tea okay just make me
feel it way better
Paisley annamaria no gain that altitude
sickness so guys before we go out to
dinner had some problems uploading my
vlog from the hotel so we popped over
the road to this internet cafe and I've
I've left my laptop just seeing an
internet cafe and asked the guy and the
counter to look after it for me and
hoping it doesn't get stolen I guess
it's kind of trusting of me right so
thankfully my laptop was still here at
the internet cafe didn't finish
uploading but they made some good
progress
the Internet's pretty slow in this part
I'm gonna carry on tomorrow
well it's been a bit of a weird day
today guys just into the altitude here
it really smashed me feeling a little
bit better now but yeah wiped me out I
think everyone agreed was feeling weird
but I hopefully will adjust over the
next couple of days I'll see you guys in
the morning
for some more Peruvian adventures peace
out enjoy life
ciao
