good morning guys
it's 4:00 a.m. it's a very very early
time and we're barely awake we we only
had one and a half hours sleep for some
reason we thought would be a good idea
to stay out quite late we are all
zombies but we need to return the rental
car now and get all our bags packed and
ready are you feeling Dave it's cold
right honey the coldest is beating the
whole time um go on what are you doing
you mad man cuz I'm leaving my kite bro
I'm leaving my kite in there so I
basically ditched a lot of my clothes in
this bag because I'm going to warmer
climates now yes bro yeah
you know
or me and Dave have to rush through
security and film a little announcement
video for the Soul week project and guys
if you haven't watched that you need to
go to the Dave's channel check that out
it's just summarizing what we've done
and talking about and the submission
process which is going to be now from
today two weeks or something like that
or twelve days or something to submit
your applications but go and watch the
video I'll link it below Dave it's been
an amazing month an incredible Alpha
League love you don't grow oh boy say
goodbye to the guys any pleasure and ya
on the flipside
thank you guys so much for coming with
us on the Soviet blogs I know they've
been a bit different but it's been it's
been a big deal for us yeah and we
appreciated me and all of you in the
different countries as well thanks for
putting your energy into it yeah you
better go for a better guy buddy
wow I've been alone for like a month
over a month yeah it's been it's been
good very rewarding feeling I've been
traveling with over purpose and now I'm
heading to Peru we're going on a Contiki
trip with a bunch of youtubers and the
reason being out with Raya but I think
I'm gonna get some sleep in the plane
because I've not slept well the last of
the base
okay summarize guys be Allah for all
right flight number one
I'm managing to get some editing done
and also I've plugged in my extension
late to my laptop and my big matter
later on because I found out my second
flight has a knob knob tower you can
tease me along you know
they just weary woman 1 welcome to after
them here the local time is 5 minutes
past 11:00
and the others have to thirst about the
degrees centigrade just land in an
Amsterdam I am really tired so I've got
an hour and a half layover and then I'm
flying into Lima in Peru it's gonna be
like over a 12-hour flight and
and apparently I've got legroom which is
a good thing
I need to catch up with sleep seriously
internships guys I just bumped into
Abdul he watches my vlogs hey there man
where you from oh cool oh sweet is this
your younger brother hey man what's your
name
Killa Hey good to meet you it's me
have a good day bye there's a few things
I've noticed about myself when we get
tired
one is I easily lose things and forget
things
secondly I have no desire to really talk
to anyone and thirdly I get really
frustrated and angry easily a silly
thing so for instance I was supposed to
just find the connecting gate to go
through some annex fly and I accidently
went through two arrivals and then had
to go through security again and it's
just taken the whole time I was
intending to get my vlog finished sit of
the gate
I've just been really frustrated it's
kind of my own fault so I've just been
frustrated myself really fun they're
like my patience level drop levels drops
massively with on this time so just let
it show
it's your relax
and unfortunately I'm not going to get
flogged up today but that's life
sometimes
Lima Peru like 71st country
nice step flow is enjoyable because work
on the handset
right I've met with Chloe take it away
actually staying apparently everyone
else is here other than Ali who's
arriving later so I think we're gonna
head to the hotel now and find everyone
London right so we just dumped our bags
are for the hotel and I'm with Chloe and
we're on Raya and we've walking down to
the restaurant just bumped into this guy
Chris he's visiting here from Detroit
and and he's giving me some tips of
things to do in Peru but yeah it's cool
to me man come to Lima the most
underrated city in South America there
you go
we are my first meal in parade
we haven't really had any time tonight
to explore Lima but I think that's what
the plan is tomorrow we're going to go
on a guided tour and see some cool
things getting up pretty early
apparently you're starting at 8 a.m. so
I'm just gonna have to adjust to that
making new friends so it's a lager but
mainly just hanging out everyone yeah
we've just I've literally looked to the
itinerary for the first time today and
it looks pretty amazing Jessie and Dean
are flying out in two days time because
they're at an event in New York right
now and I'll introduce everyone else
tomorrow morning but it's going to be
amazing we are going to explore loads of
Pro including matchup hit you in a few
days I didn't realize it's like a little
Evan day trip it's gonna be pretty epic
but I need to get some sleep now
finishing edit and I'll catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy your life in the
adventure
