good morning guys we have just started
our Icelandic adventure you've got the
whole crew a call from Josh who's just
that plant we're gonna go shopping first
get a few more warm clothes and then
we're heading to this I think we're
going to a glass yesterday Congrats
Lepik hey there boys yeah ready for the
adventure ready oh yeah
this is like I'm wearing a Dubai you do
like a straight-up Eskimo boy that's
good man
you look hinge I've gone for the blue
he's more my color guys do you like
black Wow
whales picks out his hat it's good to
get chilly guys ice has a YouTube
channel where he travels Iceland and
shows the beauty of Garland's that we're
gonna live with movies videos for some
inspirations only I'll link his channel
underneath get some ideas from their
enormous Arsenio thanks man I think he's
waiting at the bus station for us
unfortunately I just found out with not
gonna make it to the glacier inside
because josh is along it yeah just
everything's taking a bit longer than we
thought so we're we're gonna try to
figure something out there's a lot of
beautiful views waterfalls spikes and
stuff so and hot springs or walls or
oh yeah Oh fry sorry no it's cool all
right let's do this
checked into our beautiful hotel I think
we're gonna hit see the waterfall now
I'm gonna go exploring there's a
waterfall nearby we still playing the
blueberry game
I don't fall in babe wait Dave's in the
water ladies is floating in it climb
down here to join these guys to get a
better view of this river it's vibrant
turquoise blue it's just insane I don't
know how it's such a bright color and
it's not easy to do the minerals from
the glacier
Mikey's got in a bit of a mission to
find a good spots do a natural Mike bio
and strip off in front of the waterfall
right now yes might get naked
to help these volcanic rocks
this is lava that's solidified but you
can see how the liquid looks there it's
amazing
that is you do not want to mess around
without hope
Wow
he looks like an English
right we made it down to there to the
shore right by the river and these
decided to go for a little paddle in the
water but it mustn't be like one degree
Celsius
it's so people I was a big mistake that
was a big mistake we should not have
done that right we failed to do it out
there earlier guys so we're gonna try a
little shopping here yeah yeah
that was a lot of fun it's a lot of fun
boys on it guys it's time to enjoy some
of the Iceland
all right it's almost 2:00 a.m. I think
it's time for bed we are actually
staying here tomorrow as well to do the
glassier thing that we missed today so
we're going out on some cool trucks and
going into the ice skate and stuff
hopefully yeah pretty good the good day
it's definitely time to sleep
see you in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
