another beautiful day in Iceland and
today we're going to a glacier in this
giant monster truck copy dressed up warm
we're ready okay just give you a little
idea what's going to happen so we do
this trip in two parts first part will
take around 30 minutes to drive to for
base camp at rocky which is just on the
edge of the glacier
these are rocket launches the end truck
started out as
we don't have an army hair nice and
we're very peaceful usual peaceful
Vikings so
this is the missiles away and go
we put this cap on top
yeah
look at that beast I've just been
driving around it Matt it's just music I
believe that was a Russian rocket
launching vehicle
okay we've just driven onto the start of
the glacier now it's crazy
somebody's nose is somebody slow
this is all ice below us
so we're heading in a man-made ice cave
it's like a tunnel into the glacier and
we're going to get some like ice
crampons on our shoes and in the net we
create slippery look how cute this is
very wise so find the middle in front
you put that up toe and then you're
enjoying that Dave curving are they so
undulating so on the day I'm doing the
bounty bullet just feel the curvature
there and hear the loss of compressing
about 60 centimeters a year at the
deepest point air compressing together
about 20 centimeters a year and you can
see here scientists were taking out the
samples this one is from about two weeks
ago this one's from a few months ago
thank you thanks for coming to my
birthday
and enjoy my pleasure we've just been
told this is the largest ice tunnel in
the world by far it's pretty cool isn't
it yeah it took him like 14 months to
build I think so we're just about to
look down a big crevasse in the glass
here
going through a thinner section of the
tunnel this is amazing how they built
all this
yes - yes ma'am we said about this place
man well unlike anything I've ever seen
so we're 25 meters below the surface and
there's another 200 meters of ice
directly below us right just get these
crampons off kept us from slipping over
that's cool in it Mike
yeah loved it it's cool from a design
perspective as well yep like the
lighting and offensive lines going into
this from engineers architects artists
but often collaborating this is what she
was telling us basically this is
supposed to be a circle but they
misjudged it here because this ski it's
quite a long way to misjudge in it wow
it's bright out here
I caught it I slipped and Konica this is
the other truck those with us they've
already left they are miles away now all
the way down there Warren experience
going inside a glass yeah that's
definitely the first one it's actually
the first time I've even been on a glass
here let alone inside one so something
we learned which I might not have
mentioned guys is that within a hundred
and fifty years this entire glass is
going to be gone that's right an 850
years he said under 50 she said 80 oh
wow
maybe even faster the point being it's
rapidly melting an alarming rate and
it's global warming that's triggered
that so yeah not cool we're now heading
across the country to the new hotel
we're staying in it's like a four or
five hour drive and especially we stop
off and look at waterfalls and stuff
which we probably will do hey what's
going on whoa
Google Maps does not have this bridge on
so it's just showing us in the middle of
the water
I can drive faster the better if you
want to maintain momentum through water
yeah you want me to yeah sly rag it rag
through here right we're trying to find
this geothermal pop oh I think it's down
here somewhere I think you'll find
geothermal pool no but it says it's on
the beach but it's not that loose
okay we're confident that is over here
somewhere we just look just look at it
images in Google it's cold we need a hot
it is chilly it's chilly this exactly
why are we waiting for
I don't want anything one this idea low
okay it's time to go in oh oh oh oh yeah
yes joy oh did you remember that time in
Yosemite that was beautiful by that
River you know it's one of the best
moments in my life Oh stomach do you not
remember yeah the water like tried
that's when Andy just slept the whole
time yeah yeah in the van yeah
we have arrived are the boys in an
incredible day and I'm looking forward
to some more adventures tomorrow I'll
get you then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure but
