good morning guys these early at 6 a.m.
for at LAX and we are about to leave on
another adventure with three new friends
David Durham and Paul and yeah we're
heading to the Dominican Republic today
I think like five days or something it's
gonna be pretty epic and yeah quick
explanation these guys have supposed to
join for a leg of the world flight that
we just completed on the weekend we just
had an amazing celebration Liberty
Deventer summit anyway because of
multiple reasons it was impossible for
them to join but now we have organized a
separate adventure and yes we pretty
epic they seem to wake up a little bit
so early
okay we have got through security that
was pretty fast we've got 45 minutes
till we board so we're gonna sit down
and get some breakfast okay my peach sir
has come out it's quite a nice little
breakfast here Pete's bowl of through
obviously coffee we still have 15
minutes so we need to board so all good
all good
right
flight number one done got like an
editing done on that flight I always
struggle to vlog flights when I'm not by
a window because you can't really
visually show the journey I was trying
to film out this tiny little porthole in
the right anyway yeah Miami which landed
different climate it's actually pretty
chilly in LA so
warmer weather guys this has never
happened to me before we've got off the
plane and gate D 42 and then our sinking
our we're gonna have to go out finding
the other terminal
I guess go into international departures
thinking it's gonna be this long process
anyway then I just looked at my boarding
pass and it said gate D 42 is where we
were boarding and we just found out it's
the exact same plane we just have to
wait here wait for them to clean the
plane and then get back on I yeah as
never happens to people
that's amazing thank you how crazy zero
do you know this is the same gate we
live in from is there weird I know I've
never had that
guys this is my favorite thing about the
Miami Airport it's kind of like flower
arrangement spelling out peace and love
it's a great message to see when you
land wherever you are in the world I
don't know how long this flight is it's
gonna be a long evening because when we
arrive after get rental car and drive
like three or four hours lots of editing
time now though as a man
welcome to the dominican republic again
I think this is my second time this year
yeah I'm ready for a drive now I'm ready
for some warm weather now we're just
waiting for the bags that some of the
guys let's check in and let's see where
the bags are apparently the screen where
you see where your bags are unable to
connect to the internet so that's not
very helpful is it
we have our rental car sources friendly
that took a long time before we leave
the airport we've decided to get some
food luckily all of these food places
just still open so we got certainly
lettuce ran the place and I'm getting a
burrito a veggie burrito which I think
should be good okay this is our car for
the for the week
look at the other side that it's like
okay this is the this is the radar I
remember for last time with me up right
over here but I feel it there's been
some heavy rain because the bridge is
intact but we're in the jungle guys
welcome to the jungle it's cool arriving
at night because it's you hear all the
night creatures have you ever been some
of these kind of sounds it's so gonna be
quite sounds of nature
awesome we are all in our own separate
tree houses and yeah I guess it's
probably time to sleep soon I've just
realized that look at the time it's 1:00
a.m. and we woke up at like 5:00 so
we've been traveling for 20 hours so
right except mine is my maths correct
and which seems seems like a long way
well we haven't been traveling 20 hours
because we actually went three hours
ahead in the time zone but anyway my
point is we've been traveling all day
it's been fun though it's been good
chance of the guys getting to know them
a little bit and I'm sure we'll get to
know each other a fair bit more the next
few days yeah it's been really
interesting actually I guess it's kind
of like although they all know me a
little bit for my vlogs it's kind of I
don't think they know each other too
well other than spending time at the the
lived adventures summit but it's kind of
throwing four strangers together and
getting to know each other from you know
straight from kind of going you know
going on a trip which I don't often do I
guess it's the same as if you went on
one of the kind of
and organized kind of trip where you
meet up with other people or maybe kind
of back to when you do like camps as a
kid I like it though it's called doing
something with some brand new friends
that you've just you know friendships
you just made and yeah we it's pretty
relaxed I think we we haven't got any
big expectations the next couple of days
other than I guess they were sharing
yesterday just the things they really
want to get out of this trip is just
time to time to do a few activities and
and kind of explore and have adventures
but also just sit down and chat about
life and dream together and hopefully
find a bit of purpose I guess getting
away like this and be know it's
reflecting your life and just have some
positive encouragement help you find a
bit of direction so I should be called
exploring that with them and yes it's a
bit weird being back here without Riya
really because yes I was here last time
with her and I desperately desperately
need to be spending time with her right
now like I'm I'm so craving quality
quality time and after this three months
it into you know in dispersed time you
know we just I'm really looking forward
to getting away after this trip anyway
I guess I'm gonna fool asleep now to the
beautiful sound of the jungle I was
telling the guys on the way in I used to
have a like a CD with these kind of
sounds on in my jungle bedroom when I
was a kid but you need to see do you and
you can have in real life right you see
in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live adventure
