good morning guys today is a super
exciting day
today is the day we're launching the
soul B website where you can wherever
you are in the world submit your ideas
your world-changing ideas that over the
next few weeks we're going to be looking
through the submissions and hopefully
selecting seven people and that we can
support and get behind as part of this
whole month trip so this is the kind of
this is the pinnacle day this is the end
day and there's something incredible
happening me and Dave are on our way to
a conference called what works and we've
managed to persuade the Icelandic prime
minister to launch the whole thing with
us on stage so we can do a little speech
about what we're doing and yeah it's
kind of crazy kind of mind-blowing rule
isn't it oh yes well swapped our
backpacks for suits but I'm feeling good
and it's right it's right that we do
this you guys have been incredible and
deserve to be heard on this kind of
stage so we'll do our very best we'll do
our best today and hopefully this will
get shared a bit with a different kind
of community global leaders politicians
businessman and stuff and they can hear
a little bit and follow this whole story
that we're going on together exciting
we'll see guys I forgot to say my
birthday today and it's kind of nice
timing that it's on the same day we
launched and so everything and it we're
meeting the Prime Minister and all that
you may have noticed over the last month
we've been referring to the social
Progress Index when we've been doing
these idea jams we've been looking at
numbers and where countries compare on
different issues and we'd like to
introduce you to someone today Dave
who's this Mike all the secret weapon of
the soul we project who runs the social
progress imperative which makes the
index and is the numbers that we
basically be referencing in all of the
jams
so really the soul be project that's
been trying to take what you do and take
it and share it with people who love
watching Lewis videos and love seeing
traveling around the world and it's been
absolute weapon for us it's been amazing
to help grow awareness and help people
see what else is going on so thanks so
much for that and for having us here
today is this incredible venue and
awesome conference what's going on what
are you excited about today well look
first of all thank you and Louie index
what we want to do is create something's
useful your father you small found it a
weapon is great news for us social
Progress Index is all about measuring
our society is about the real things and
that is the real piece and all we've
done here today recommend we've brought
together eight case studies of countries
and regions that they're doing really
well on social prose
we've got experts from those regions to
come and share their secrets how are you
doing it they're sharing that and we're
learning about what really works in
making planet and lives of people in
this planet better yeah guys check this
out we're honor to launch of Global
Solutions challenge Sol V they even
Louie founders of the solar project what
something that came out of discussion
this morning was about yo culture
appropriate solutions for local context
engagement of citizens so I'm really
excited about who we have coming up next
who had Dave Erasmus Louie Cole you
probably haven't heard of them before
and I'm not quite sure how to say this
but the reason you may not have heard of
them is maybe because like me you're too
old sorry I couldn't leave a better way
of saying it but Dave and Louie have
been ripping up YouTube for the last
month exciting social innovators around
the world about finding solutions with
the project called solve e and I'm
delighted they're here to come and tell
you a little bit about what they'd be
doing Dave
Louie welcome
hello it's a pleasure to be here I'm
Louis Cole for the last three and a half
years I've been traveling the world
having adventures and sharing those
adventures pretty much every day on
YouTube to a large audience accumulating
around 200 million views and amongst my
travels have seen the beauty of the
world but I've also seen some of the
things that need to change so for the
last 30 days me and Dave have been
traveling the world looking for
compassionate problem solvers we've been
hosting some discussion groups in
various countries with young people
starting in Ethiopia we've then gone to
Dubai New Delhi Shanghai Seoul Tokyo Rio
and finishing here in rec avec in
Iceland and this happens to be my 70th
country that I've been to and yeah even
last night we were having an amazing
discussion with some of the young people
here and it's been a privilege and
humbling to hear from some of these
small voices from around the world we've
been asking three questions in these
little discussion groups one what one
thing would they want to change in this
world around them in their country or in
the in the world to see things flourish
more secondly what works what are they
seen working what innovations or ideas
have been working around them that
they're inspired by and then thirdly and
this is the important one is what ideas
do they have to see solutions to some of
the problems around them and no matter
how ambitious those ideas are so today
we are inviting globally people to
submit videos with their ideas
I guess identifying the things that
matter most to them and how they can see
those ideas bringing solutions to some
of the global issues and to help us do
that I'd like to invite on stage the
Icelandic Prime Minister
alais and so the way I'm going to do
this is my most engaged social platform
in terms of kind of speed of interaction
engagement is snapchat so this is a this
is a platform we can share short videos
and what I'm going to do is I'm going to
film it's a 10-second video and what I
need you to say so I'm just gonna prep
people and say okay we're ready to go
and you just need to say the line submit
your soul we video idea now okay and
then this will be flying out globally to
an audience of I think a hundred and
thirty thousand people in the next few
hours will will view this so okay guys
it's time we're ready to go submit the
survey we deal right now do it go go go
awesome so thanks a lot we don't often
wear suits I must confess but today is a
special day as we are representing the
brave creative leaders that we have met
all around the world in the last month
that have trusted us with their
expressions of what it's like to live in
their country and sometimes their most
vulnerable dreams it's a privilege to
stand here next to a man who represents
a democracy that has proven to be
working and to do so in a conference
explicitly aiming at looking at how we
can do more with what we already have
and right now as we stand here ideas are
flying in to us from around the world
people expressing sometimes for the
first time their most audacious dreams
of how to change this world and improve
it for all those who live in it and to
you I say thank you and we are listening
and we will respond I believe that we're
entering a time of unprecedented
existential risk a time of evolutionary
step change in the
human condition and the ideas and
systems that have served us thus far
will increasingly become irrelevant as
we move forwards we have to invest in a
different kind of mind so I implore any
of the state leaders that are listening
listening to this today
to invest in the compassionate problem
solvers that are already in your country
to educate collaborate and to celebrate
those that are acting with bravery that
are daring to talk about audacious ideas
especially when they come from the
quietest of voices as we've traveled
around the world this month we've
noticed that what works is creating
space for people to express themselves
what works is giving people the courage
to act
vulnerable with compassion to the things
that they've experienced what works is
inviting and encouraging audacious
dreams and then encouraging them to
execute ruthlessly on a plan that is
tangible we all need to work together to
continue to create the conditions for
human flourishing in an unprecedented
future if you state leaders do not know
how to find the people that are in your
country that are daring to breathe life
into dreams like this then ask us and we
will try to work together to help you
find them and support them thank you for
listening and we look forward to your
response to these ideas
right we did that we did it we did it
very right Louie yeah looking good Prime
Minister yeah
looking like the prime minister and then
I look like another middle-aged prime
minister coming underneath stage for
Prime Minister that was amazing what an
opportunity what an awesome way to
launch the celebrating yeah
guys of you if you don't know it's all
launched now it's ready head across to
Seoul be calm post a video idea and
hopefully we can get behind it we can
change the world together this is what
the whole months been about be brave
guys put your dreams out there and
people will respond right to go that's
great
oh great morning he's going to find our
now we're going to upgrade our
accommodation slightly and change our
accommodation yeah change our
accommodation and we've got a few other
friends arriving get out the suitors he
did so well brough you really did you
like the snapchat it's so good Facebook
has invited me out for a birthday meal
because they were at this conference who
are outside
yeah
happy birthday happy birthday
thirty three years yeah that's a good
day we just go back to the hotel and the
amicus showing up they just flew in
we've got Josh he's arriving tomorrow
morning night boys all right it's good
to see you man
I can't wait for the adventure it begins
tomorrow wow what a great day guys what
an amazing birthday yeah kind of
mind-blowing that we got to present on
stage today got to share the selfie
project with so many important people
and yes it's such a nice end to this
whole trip this whole month long trip
and and then such a treat to get taken
out by Facebook for my birthday dinner
tonight it's that's so funny in the end
I was like oh like thanks guys that make
me up for dinner and they were like oh
no don't thank us thank Mark Zuckerberg
so yeah thanks mark Thanks thanks a lot
for dinner that was lovely
Bernie way I am we're gonna start like
this amazing road trip around Iceland
tomorrow morning and I am so looking
forward to just relaxing and my friends
around but also being able to share the
beauty of this incredible country so I
will catch you in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
