it's a lovely day here in the lab though
it's the lobster failing
and on the heading now the panel travels
clogging panel
I literally haven't me now the hoses
right we are here with the whole crew
Marco
Alex Ali and Jesse's like hosting the
whole session you guys prepared almost
almost ready
oh yeah dogs on the panel as well yeah
I've got a nice little group of people
what is something that you say is very
unexpected that you learned about
yourself whether that's like lizards or
I think of everyone got to see the world
a bit more I think it would really break
down a lot of the barriers and the way
that people feel very patriotic just to
their belief thing system or their
country and I realized that actually
where and this would feel like a lot
more than more travel that I'm a global
citizen rather than feel like I'm really
protective over the UK and like and I I
mean this is a whole massive political
thing to think about but I go to places
and even like beginning of the year when
- like the refugee camp in Calais where
a lot of people are coming over trying
to get into the UK and I'm just like
these are like there's no difference
between me and these people other than
I've been born into this into a great
country to be from and and financially
stable and stuff and another think of
other people and I'm like this is crazy
that there's such division around the
world and I think the more you travel
the more compassionate you you feel
towards like fellow humans rather than
trying to kind of box people in and
being like are those are poor people or
those people from here and I'm you know
I've got things right and they're kind
of I'd almost say the more I travel
would have met people from different
cultures the less I know the less I
realize I know in like 10 15 years ago I
thought I kind of knew everything I had
an opinion on everything and now I
literally feel like well I might have
opinions but I'm also willing to like
let go of them because yeah there's
whole world out there and there's you
know we haven't got it right necessarily
so guys we're just hanging out a little
bit meeting some of the
crowd that are watching the whole panel
and I just met Michaela again you
remember her from last year but she's
got this tattooed you remember this
tattoo she's got the whole my whole
slogan tattooed on her back there so
cold and this was like you just had this
done last year and yeah wow it looks
very good I love it
I love it I love it good job
welcome to Rios Botanical Gardens this
has got to be one of the best views in
Rio check it out you can see Christ the
Redeemer we're in the Botanical Gardens
with my brother and sister what's not to
love this place is amazing
check out the sweet turret we'll go
through like a tunnel that should like a
tree
it's like carved out of the ground so on
the 19th of April was the indigenous
barrier in DNA the Brazilian day so this
is what all these cultural things doing
is all around that celebration and in
this thing the rights of the Indians
we're gonna see where I can learn
through live the leader of their tribe
Presi
well that was mad listening to that
tribal leader and it just makes a lot of
sense you know that the people look
after the place give them space hear
their voice and everything will be
better for everybody and I'm totally on
board with that
okay sadly I have to get my room back
and then goes therefore I'm missing like
the best part playlist life which is the
private access to Universal but right
staying safe are you okay yeah you can
keep secrets they go over the blog yes
so I'm gonna fly to Miami and then on to
Rio landing early tomorrow morning
meeting up with Dave again continuing
the the soul v tour the solo mission
this has been a nice little break for a
couple of days and be nice to catch up
with everyone
I think I'm gonna make it to the airport
in time I need to check in I usually
check in online but they messed up like
my birthday or something so I need to I
need to get over there
the Nuba driver should be around this
somewhere it's sadly me and Roya parting
ways again but we're gonna see each
other in two weeks a week and a half in
crew yeah I'm gonna go to like three
more countries before that but yeah week
and a half so it's not long this way
it's been lovely have an amazing time
tonight oh well bye it's check-in I'm
always so nervous we're gonna have to
check in at the desk rather than online
because they noticed how big my bag if
they often ask me to check here or that
they need to weigh it and see if it's
light enough to carry on and and I argue
with them and luckily you didn't notice
how big it was
for tickets
hello how are you this time just make
sure oh you're willing and able to
assist in you I am and thank you very
much
here we go flight number one
Miami Florida for the local time is
currently 8:31 a.m. that's what done
landed in Miami so this next flight is
eight hours and 20 minutes
I'm not leaving for an hour-and-a-half
day
I'm going to point a lounge this is one
of the creepiest things I've ever seen
like number two Rio de Janeiro so well
into the flight now love due to land in
Rio at 7:30 in the morning dave has an
action-packed day planned I think we're
going to be going to the Vela maybe you
see a project somewhere and they've got
ideas Germany else today it's gonna be a
very intense day I'm gonna try and get
some sleep on the plane
but plane sleep is never a perfect
sleepy you never gave great sleep on the
plane
but I'm looking forward to this very
very brief visit to Brazil a lot of you
know Brazil's of my favorite countries
before I
into the vlog I would love to just give
another shout-out to my friend Matt who
has been making this very peculiar but
fascinating youtube videos very short
snippets of him sleep talking he's
uploaded a bunch more since I first
mentioned his channel I'm going to link
that now you can check him out and yeah
very entertaining kind of fascinating
and yeah sure love and I will catch you
guys
morning or glad he's down into a life
