good morning guys I just landed in Rio
after like an eight and a half hour
flight I am now going to go find Dave
who hopefully is here yeah right so
we've met with Nathan this is Dave's bro
his wife live this is Hannah he's come
although I can sell Paula to join us and
yeah I think we're going to school now
right I'm gonna go and see a project at
school and then another thing thing
we're going to go visit favela and then
it's afternoon we're gonna do our ideas
jam which I'm pretty excited about Rio
for one day as a lot of you may know the
Brazilian government it's in a tricky
situation right now so that's one of the
side effects is they're closing a lot of
schools nice to meet you man um why are
you here occupying the school
there's Illinois Michelle Solan little
college to dimensionalize privileges so
Bible study junior vice Commission angel
parish college ramadasu protagonism
extracting voice wish to dangerous
corporal hitch p226 Todd Isaac Isamu
stem cell degeneration
Ricardo's mais oui tentacle a stone
polish is a dimensional mr. Keshe stolen
where professor Liu Huan be inch
well I move my daughter kg stone estado
II - the voice of stage the emotion
cannot adjust or move my location the
Stars my applicator and Anderson why are
you here
Elvia Khepera implement town projeto
sauce orange a Creole Mascola Aveda
cosecha common dada Peloso sriracha VIP
event is a convex da da cunha financial
nervosa sociology Rakesh be so simple
during the solo songs profit motive God
we're going for a little wander around
the school now you can see what else
they're doing here it's kind of
fascinating I just can't believe that
it's come to this and that they're taken
into their own hands to make this work
that's kind of inspirational but yes
it's not an easy situation that's for
sure
so this was supposed to be their science
lab yeah but it's actually just a place
to store books so the chairs have never
been used the books that are there have
never been used the material have never
been used and they have never had access
to the lab they built this area this
extension just to say that they have a
lab but not really to provide education
or any scientific experiences for the
kids I don't know how people get away
with that thank you
so before we go for lunch we'd stop by
this favela which we're going to try and
get to the top of a pile of it amazing
views so I think we're going to try and
get some motorbike taxis at the top of
it this place is called veggie girl and
it's I think one of us safer favelas
so you've been pretty chill
Valley
yes
hey happy decided
yes hahaha
hey this is the spot isn't it yeah it is
amazing that the favelas have the most
beautiful blues here this is incredible
so now we're up here I think it's a good
time to tell you that you actually read
that two months ago the victims got
mugged yeah yeah but it was in the Daily
Mail he company yes guys this view is
just insane it's so beautiful
so this Beach right at the end here I
think that's Ipanema and that little I
don't know if you can see that little
rock outcrop but last time I was here
with my dad and Darcy I think a year and
a half ago we watch the Sun set off that
little rock but how is that for a view
yes bro amazing amazing what a
whistle-stop tour very very appropriate
for one day in rio with you man yeah you
know you're walking something you feel
like you're really in fading piece of
space yeah when you're with a person
about white people I really care just
like I almost lost the camera video yeah
that's great that's really great the
guys I couldn't resist
but to insist that we stopped at Ipanema
beach and then ran down to this city
quickly I can't go to Rio for the day
and not go down to the sea might have a
little paddle yeah but that is crazy
isn't it
glorious
cheerio
so refreshing
oh yeah
I've arrived at the hostel I'm being it
yeah this is definitely the best hostel
location this is the drink of Brazil
coroner yes so guys it's got to that
time in the day where we're doing our
soul the ideas jam and for those of you
that haven't seen any of the other
videos we're basically currently
traveling the world asking people in
different countries I guess to share a
little bit and just for us to be able to
listen to firstly struggles and things
happening in their lives and in their
countries and then secondly if there's
any solutions have seen that help tackle
those issues and then thirdly have they
got any new ideas that we could chat
about at these events and if not at the
end of the month we are opening up this
global submission for people to submit
their ideas which is all part of this
whole soul we thing we're doing and then
we're going to get behind seven people
and support those people so this is the
soul we Brazilian edition just want to
say thank you to so V for being here
because we're facing a huge problem our
president
may are not going to impeachment and all
these problems and corruption
Pietschmann is going like crazy
Brazilians don't know actually how to
think and how to do we go to Street but
we don't know how to
we don't know how to fight I'm sure
everybody here has faced sexism and lots
of like I think it's very strong in
Brazil everybody like I know that the
world objectifies us we are not
respected as women we don't get paid as
well as men we we are very afraid of
walking in the streets so I know as men
like in Rio you everybody about thinks
that Rio is a dangerous place but I
don't think that men fear as much as
women I love my college is a great place
but it's even hard to like talk about it
and maybe I didn't realize how much it
affected me till now it doesn't matter
if there is one girl or ten if there is
no guys in there like saying they are
mine they are going to be bothering you
and saying the grossest things and
getting you by the arm and things that
actually scares you because can you
imagine someone picking you up you don't
want to like getting you and taking
somewhere I've seen this happening many
times there was this two guys following
me and my brother and then instead of
robbing us they tried to steal from
under girl this was alone but she
started screaming and then someone I
don't know where started shooting so we
had to run home and and like highly of
the husband I live in a place I live in
a place that is considered like the one
of the best places to live in the ROI
and it
it's great neighborhood but I live
really close to a favela this lump and
so there's this disparity it is huge you
know we don't know our neighbors I think
we we tend to see problems and until
they affect us we are suing our bubble
and I think we are missing out a lot of
opportunities just like we could we
could be helping more people but
sometimes I think we think it's so
difficult oh I need to go to Africa I
need to know we have a lot of things
going on here getting in contact with
the community and like getting to know
people knowing someone that want the
same thing as you sometimes it's hard
you know to actually knock in peoples
door and be like okay so do you want to
come together you want to like the other
Saturday and like see what we can do and
it's good for us to know that this is
possible you know but it's sometimes
like at least me I never talked about
this with no one because I never thought
it could be true I never thought I had
someone in my side in my city - okay
let's so let's get this bottles let's
talk to people get them together and you
know actually make something it's
something very powerful about being able
to
me with an intention to just chat like
this and I think is something that I'm
guessing a lot of us don't often get the
chance to do I know I don't often and
it's only been this month where we've
like deliberately put aside time to
write let's have a chat about problems
and how we can address them and maybe
that's an ongoing conversation we can
have don't fall into this place of
apathy or a belief that you can't change
something because you can and like I
said earlier don't let your conditioning
or education stop you dreaming big and
it's great everything you shared tonight
I've really I've walked away feeling
quite in spite guys it's been amazing
being amazing also guys Hannah's been
blogging today as well so you need to go
check our channel out I'll link at the
end of the video but she's a legend
you're all legends thanks for coming and
yeah big love to Rio peace right we're
headed off saying goodbye to the family
right
right so what are we doing thank you
I'll see you in Iceland where we'll be
holding it our last final silver jam
session before launching the whole
project are ready for submissions
worldwide and yeah I'm looking forward
to seeing all the amazing ideas that you
guys have all right see you then peace
out enjoy life
