today is going to be a very tough day
we're leaving Tokyo unfortunately kind
of sad about this and we are about to
get on a 12-hour flight Toronto then the
five-hour layover and then another like
three hour flight to Florida and
somehow we have to stay alive and and
I've had like two hours of sleep last
night you ready for this day
see bitch this flight wouldn't be that
bad if we were like in a normal state if
we were starting at 100 or even 80 or
even 50 we'd be okay at 8:50 I feel like
we're throwing a test
literally just about to jump on the
plane they just had a quite sighting
called tears up will give you from
unlimited and unlimited connect me to
their global network of G sense and they
have 15 partners around the world but
like half of them in Europe think half
in Asia and the rest of the world
and basically they're gonna be our
support partner so for any so V
applications whether they're so we put
them in the spotlight or not they're
going to be able to connect you guys to
the groups of communities in your local
area
there are insulite big social ideas to
change the world so we're pretty excited
you've just about got it in before we
get on the plane so we'll put the link
in below but we'll tell you more about
it later but it's just quite exciting as
these like partnerships on homes and
that we made the time to comment sweet
sorry saving me a separate it's well I
see I see around
hey guys I'm on my way to Earl and are
now flying out of New York and see Louie
because I don't even like a
month-and-a-half
which we've done before but for some
reason it feels extra long so yeah I
can't wait
yes you sleep really films galore
yeah doing it it's landed in Toronto by
one hour earlier than when we left Tokyo
yeah so this is the crazy thing guys
we've crossed over the international
line time line where it's called and
despite just having a 12-hour flight
we've just landed one hour earlier than
when we left to Tokyo so it's now I'll
just like 4 p.m. or something so we've
just gained an extra yeah I said I've
got some editing done just know like
we're having an extra extra long day I
guess that's for this yeah so we're
we're just passing through Toronto and
then we're connecting through to Florida
all right cheers bro we made it to
Toronto this is the crazy leg this is
the tough guy
right we're learning a lesson about
leaving the lounge and time they've had
a little nap got anything done
not enough editing unfortunately unless
they're trying to edit the whole flight
as well I don't never told you guys but
we are heading to Orlando and we is to
start playlist live tomorrow maybe the
next day I don't know yeah we thought
we'd dip into America even though it's
not on our travel itinerary for the rest
of the so people yeah few little days
off and then I'm heading to Brazil
wasn't it
that's what next official stop exactly
and I'm gonna sneak off a day before two
days before it's against my brother
oh yeah and sister-in-law I don't know
what's going on both mitts and
cheerleaders okay and we're gonna do it
whoa oh wow okay wait they want me in a
photo they go
where are we guys also we're headed to
playlist and we just learned into P and
Mel and Matt and yet totally random are
you guys looking for its playlist it's
gonna be good I haven't slept for two
days so I should probably sleep first
and as a nice little fly off the long
one that was that was just chill
we've gotta figure out how we're gonna
get to the hotel now also guys super
excited Roya is meeting us here and I
haven't seen that in like two months or
something crazy so we're gonna go find
her yeah
right right
guys with finally reunited where did he
go consider Neal I go boy I haven't done
quite as much traveling in the last week
as though but everyone thinks that
telling me that I am literally
let's find a way to the hotel thanks a
lot well going this just been an entire
day of travel flight off the fly and oh
well guys I am looking forward to three
days in a nice hotel as much as I have
loved slumming it in the hostels which
is really cool cos it's way more social
it's a I think it's a well needed rest
for me oh alright I will catch you guys
in the morning
no probably not in the morning in the
afternoon after a solid 12 hour sleep
and yeah I'm looking forward to playing
this life it's gonna be really good it's
gonna be good fun even though I'm
exhausted I'm just looking forward to
seeing everyone and it's so nice to be
back with Roya alright peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure babe
