so the mission is we're trying to find
somewhere high up that we can like do
some time lapses from and look down on
the streets so we just like walked in
this random building the doors all
loafers who walking up the stairs assume
and get on the roof
would you actually think I'll be able to
do I don't know I'm moving an entire
trying to walk up the stairs probably
spot a new target this is our building
we're going to try and get up so we can
walk up all these stairs and then BOOM
maybe stand on the edge of it just she's
going to get his dance on it I was
anywhere else a crowd in reforms and I
was anywhere else the world it'd be a
circle around like yeah go ahead
people snow over there we just walked
into a random elevator another way this
guy yeah but then the floor it doesn't
say wait he just had but then you'll
notice it haha sick man
well let's be going to display it just
listening to it guys let down there
there's our drama friend yeah bro oh
yeah man this is your way
What's Wrong Josh no no it's cool
it's not that far down okay it's quite
far down
this is really cool up here I feel like
we get higher our bro
look at those skyscrapers over there I
mean we should try we're trying to get
over this side of the building I think
we can walk under this little passageway
this is a bit ambitious it's a cool
building but you probably shouldn't try
and get all that one stick there is a
guy practicing a dance routine in a
window
okay okay they're gonna les they're
gonna let us watch this is Coover and
they still like we have an adventure
this is what the benches are all about
yet it's finding random stuff it's all
about spontaneous spontaneity
spontaneous stuff
esatto is just showing us his video on
the YouTube account of his university
dance club go go link this video so you
can check out team dance yeah yeah nice
to meet you I love finding random like
Allen and people in different countries
and like I don't know that's cool we
made some friends yeah we made new
friends
guys this is awesome because it's like
late at night right it's like 1:00 in
the morning and people just rehearsing
their dance routines in like at the
bottom of office blocks looking in the
window at using their window as a mirror
right it's so cool it's so many rats oh
well he's a bigger cities thing on the
trip there are so many rats
he doesn't care is he lost an eye okay I
think we've accidentally walked into
like the red-light district
we're getting a lot of people were
asking us to go into strip clubs and
stuff not RC I'm just setting up some
photos from up here on this tripod I
mean Josh you're gonna stand down there
and get this epic view behind us guys we
just fight Godzilla chillin over there
by that building check him out
oh my gosh we are going to attempt to
walk over to Godzilla and climb up that
hotel somehow this hotel was slightly
high security thing we imagine that with
the public guard at the front and he's
already clocked just walking around with
our cameras and tripods and something I
don't think we're getting to see
Godzilla today we just got a little
late-night snack this is like a midnight
beef but it's active duty stay curious
that's not know it but it's 22 free
sauce cream almost Cream Sandwich 3:00
a.m. I don't know why I would say that
this late but we were trying to find
Godzilla and stuff just enough so he
caught our vegetable noodles look at the
size of that bowl and what did you guys
say well I got um in mouth I'll call
this compete Yeah right here it just
it's just the chicken and rice so I
think cuz we had an English menu yeah
check this out it's Playa smoking was he
cooking for everyone just chilling there
the bash is probably dropping in the
dinner yes bro
so it's finally time to head to bed or
not bed but like at least editing I'm
leaving
Josh he's heading back to his place um
going to my hostel now it was so cool
hanging out man like I had a good time
we've been chatting for a little while
on Twitter
I've been watching his videos I cannot
wait to go on some more adventures on me
they do and I'd really let us know below
we basically were going to hang out
again in two months he's going to come
to VidCon and then afterwards maybe
we'll try and make some plans probably
in America I mean we can travel to other
places let us know really cool places we
could explore go6 Josh explores a lot of
abandoned places like around the world
you have to go and check out his channel
subscribe to him I'm gonna leave like a
link to his stuff and yeah gonna show
him some love but he yeah he's gonna
show me real adventure and yeah let me
know if you guys enjoy that kind of
stuff as well because I definitely do
sweet I'm gonna catch you guys in the
morning and I am heading all the way to
playlist live via Toronto yeah ah lots
of flying tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
