good morning Tokyo we are doing our
seulbi ideas jam later on this afternoon
but means that you're going on a bit of
an explore to begin with and yeah it's
just a glorious day glorious day then oh
yeah perfect exploring temple
you enjoyed your fat oh it's my favorite
I absolutely love it like London in a
parallel universe
yes it's stuff it's amazing it's amazing
so this morning me and Dave looked up
the best things to do in Tokyo and at
number one on TripAdvisor was this part
Shinjuku Shinjuku Guyon Park I think
that's how you pronounce it and it's
like right next to over stones so pretty
excited and I think it's right the end
of the cherry blossom season so check
this tree out Bubba
check these cherry blossoms out
this is the treehouse tree if we get a
tree like this oh my gosh
think about the tree house we could
better than that you could build like
three different tree houses and it'd go
like one in the middle
went over on this side went over in this
side Oh Dave let's get a tree like that
we just realized this morning neither me
or Louie are particularly City people we
like relaxing and more peaceful places
of nature I guess so quite an intense
trip there's no other way to do it
really we realized that the cities we've
been to are like biggest cities in the
world which wasn't the intention either
but to be here is like a literally a
breath of fresh air Chella take this
version of louie and mrs. selfie over
here is like literally on the selfie
train she just going to stop taking
selfie the guys we're gonna check out
the traditional tea house so you can get
no cup of tea boy this is just a magical
fairy land I want that place that is so
bad I mean not this big but just a
magical fairy land need you are we have
no idea what this is I do know it's like
play-doh but I think we even play-doh
dave was just saying I think one of the
things that makes it so peaceful is
there's so many people just like chillin
like painting pictures and stuff it's
like the the pace of life slow down now
in the same ways like you're reading a
book you'll will just sit in your
resting it's kind of it's different to
that chaos from a lot of cities or you
know when you're working or running
around doing things I feel like I'm
often running around doing things but
this is yes so nice
but to get the Instagram he only ever
runs with instagrams
I never seen run for anything else was
upstate bloody hell how does he stay so
steady on such a big clipping there's
people in the way well guys that was
such a beautiful morning the cherry
blossoms it's mind-blowing it's like
what you pictured Japan to be just like
bonsai trees and Terry bulletins and my
split off from Dave now he's gone back
to the hostel to rest a little bit and
he told me I should wander around the
corner there's his temple in the middle
of the city like right next to the
hostel
Oh
so just Wikipedia the temple I was just
at and apparently with the Hanazono
shrine it was founded in the mid 17th
century and it's a shrine dedicated to
the Android app drawer Jonah's god of
fertility and worldly success
it's a favorite place for businessmen to
pray for successful ventures it's very
interesting it got a hostile this is me
this is the rooftop where we're going to
have our soul v ideas Jam
this is chicka you may remember a year
and a half ago when we were in Turkey
doing our Turkish Airlines thing
together and we're filming a video
together before the so v ideas jam we're
gonna do what we gonna do in the video
we're going to talk about the
differences between American English and
British English I kid you perfect suite
so I finished my little video with chica
and now we've got our crew oh this is a
soapy Jam so we cam Tokyo edition hey
guys
yeah I'm just fascinated I think every
country have been to being radically
different in terms of ideas and what
people think the country needs more to
flourish and yeah I'm just I'm super
excited these have been so different for
me like normally when I'm traveling I'm
just you know having fun visiting places
sightseeing but being here on this trip
and getting to really hear people being
a bit more vulnerable and sharing a bit
about their lives and issues and dreams
and everything like it's been I'd say
it's been like the most life-changing
trip I've been on and I'm excited to
just ya hear from you guys if there's
anything that you want to share really
really the question is and what's it
like to live here you know
tell us about your experience and and
what do you see around you and what one
thing could be different to make this
place flourish more I think there is
like a different way of expressing a
like issues here and like it's not in
the same way
Western people do it where like Eve like
this kind of embodies that like it's all
extroverted in like who has their
opinion and like say in front of a big
group um
they hear is very like it's more
interesting that's um
respected in Japan like people are
scared to be isolated and they all try
to like gather up in groups and actually
act together so I think that's one of
the main reasons that all people are
really scared to like talk in public and
if we learn like you know express our
feelings more like often have confidence
in ourselves think there's they'll be a
lot of changes there's also a peer
pressure or one and also like a
seniority system so let's say if he's my
boss I can't go home unless he goes home
first so then what do I do
until he goes home then I try to make it
look like I'm working so that's this
could be also one of issues I won't
change Japanese education because in
Japan students are not allowed to
challenge teachers and it is thought to
be one thing in Japan a lot of us may be
a little bit conservative in terms of
like speaking our minds and being open
about things but in comparison I guess a
lot of people view people in the States
or other countries as being more
expressive of their feelings and I think
that a lot of people admire that okay
it's getting pretty cold up here the Sun
is set we've enjoyed the first half of
the little jam session we're going to
carry on chatting downstairs we're going
to figure out some kind of solutions and
some ideas of how some of the issues we
talked about earlier how we can kind of
address those maybe yeah we're going to
get nice and warm downstairs in the cafe
area Japan is the only developed country
in the world do not have any laws
against human trafficking in Japan
and they've gone a lot of backlash from
the UN and they've specifically told
Japan they have to change this but as we
talked before in the
first our session is a taboos quite huge
the taboo about around things that
aren't talking often this quite hidden
so we've tried to gather the local
community in certain areas so in like
Tokyo where we talk and educate these
people about certain statistics case
studies and what this organisation
lighthouse what they do in Tokyo we were
like looking for a like a volunteering
group that we could participate in but
like we never found something like or at
least I never found something that
really interested me so like what I
thought was why not I just start I
should just start a project because I've
seen like a couple steeped students that
really wanted to act but they never
really had the courage to go so I kind
just kind of just stood up to actually
bring people together and right now we
just have this idea we don't have a plan
yet and we're just still like kind of
trying to like make this project do
reality but we don't know where start
yet but it seems nice so I thought this
was an opportunity for us to actually
start this thing if there's a movement
where Japanese can be more can be came
in extra small themselves I think it's
going to change a lot of things but the
society is put so much pressure like to
the students and once you get into a
company they're expecting you to work as
a company requires you to do and if
there's a global like a movement in the
Japanese youth especially about what the
what our fathers used to work changing
this the mentality of work then change
the mentality of your life it's not all
about work you have a work it's
important but you can enjoy many other
things and when I'm seeing with log
traveling when in Japan when you have
one week of vacation so you're
constantly lucky what was your name okay
I think what you were sharing about
having this idea and starting to do
something I think for me that was
something that was exciting and I'd love
to give this to you that as a side note
this one yeah just as a symbol of saying
you know all of you we've really
appreciated all of you coming today and
sharing and starting to think about you
know wanting to make a difference and
come up with solutions and just this is
just a symbol to say we really want to
support you and network and get support
each other it's not just about us coming
to school you guys I think about you
being able and willing to support each
other and and a way we can stay in touch
is one way is on the Facebook group so
and yeah I just want to be able to give
themselves a round of applause just for
coming them well another great idea jam
session I am yeah just as usual a lot to
process a lot to take in really good
Chang and a few of the guys it's this
whole trips just been just been an honor
to be able to hear vulnerable stuff
about cultures and hear personal stories
and yeah it's been really really cool
amazing we are now heading out to dinner
hopefully a few of the gang will come
with us and yeah I'm ready to have a
night in Tokyo another lovely dinner
we're now back at the hostel it's our
last night in Tokyo I'm actually really
sad has not been long enough I'm gonna
catch you guys in the morning and I am
heading all the way to playlist live via
Toronto yeah ah lots of flying tomorrow
peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
