good afternoon guys we've just left the
hostel my friend Kelvin is joining us to
the air boys fine back to california
today and then they were flying to Tokyo
for the I don't even know what number
stop this is pi/6 still number six on
our zombie world tour I'm very pumped
that I get to be cool yeah they've never
been hello yeah we got here a few days
ago yeah sure I was going on say she's
nice Oh
so we saw these girls rollerskating and
we came over and there's a rental place
but they only have size up to size 7 UK
because I guess a lot of Asian people
have tiny feet
no big feet allowed bro I know they
don't want big clunky big food Oh monie
monie UK 10 which is not crazy in where
we're from but and I know how other
people feel when they get like not
catered I'm so jealous
these are things you can't fly with no
sniper rifles or samurai swords no
revolvers no weapons of silence without
a bomb in there actually wait what is
that I've never seen that between it oh
it's like c4 with ball bearings in it oh
why is it attached there is this like
the bemmon that's gonna be really
painful when it blows up doesn't look
good man it's not a good look
I think it's there because that's where
you don't get touched insecurity all
right you get like Pat it Pat it down
but you don't get not often do you think
this is like an awareness cabinet
showing you like all the different ways
people can smuggle stuff like India's
like hidden pet the guns that are in
lighters guns that are in pens all right
Oh little tiny guns weird weird weird
right kelvins off to find his airline
me and Daisy need to go find food bro I
think it's lunchtime probably is
lunchtime boy guys check this out if you
ever had a shower at an airport before
yeah yeah so I slept in this morning and
did enough times jump in the shower we
kind of got kicked out I wrote very
quick but I've got a chance to clean up
and freshen up a bit before the flight
was good well I feel a million times
better after that so nice what treats
get shower in an airport I think I'm
gonna do that often how was that shower
Dave
guys check this out
what
No
it is air for days what is going on
oh that don't think we have leg room on
this flight and I just seen it's very
tight seating
oh my gosh well this is just about
doable
I do have a special meal yet Louie Louie
go ahead of you merely order thank you
Japan Tokyo nice let's get you back
get days yeah this has been on my hit
list for a long time and I've never made
to manage to make it out here so I'm
really I think you're gonna love it
yeah I just got horribly searched all my
bags everything let's get there thorough
didn't take two though who are out now
iris need to figure out the best and
fastest way to get to a hostel I think
we found our train you decided not to
get an uber because the estimated cost
for the uber is 175 quid even to get the
returned trains the airport was
officially I've got our expensive just a
tease boys will be boys you have that
one forgot how expensive Japan is
check out this ATM it has a fingerprint
scanner on it yes bro fingerprint
scanner on the ATM right look at this
tiny cute metro ticket
do you think you just put it
guys we found our hostel yes the hostel
is pretty cool guys
I'll show you later but it's very
traditionally Japanese like just sit on
the floor kind of vibe we are going for
a little late night wonder now to climb
find food this just seems to be our
pattern like we drop our bags after the
hostels and then we go out the mission
for food and a little bit of an explore
this is seeming very cool
I in that bowl bro you'll going in
Rossler was not my intention
oh the miso soup vegetable stir-fry
noodles Dave's gone for the Matco sushi
it's my first genuine Japanese sushi get
it good normally a smaller rice gives
more up but this is such good rice like
the rice is I'm just a demo yeah sick
bay the miso soup
there's no spoon it's like conversation
it's what I am good my water my bananas
oh baby without it uh what's she saying
door opening
okay so we're back at the hostel I'm
going to crack on with some editing but
I just wanted to talk a little bit about
Japan a lot of you may have seen that
Japan's been in the news this week there
were two major earthquakes in the south
and I think it's affected hundreds of
thousands of people I just wanted to say
my heart goes out to all the people
affected and yeah it's crazy I think in
Ecuador as well and it's been some
pretty crazy things going on but I am
yeah I'm interested in meeting some
local Japanese people and yeah just
hearing what they have to share and just
listening really which is what this
whole trips been about it's just
listening to people cool I will see you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
