good afternoon guys I'm in Auckland New
Zealand we've been here the whole
weekend Riya left this morning she's
flown back to America and yeah I've
actually just taken a few days off it's
been as you know a pretty exhausting
trip and yeah I just really needed just
a bit of a break and we've literally
just PIM locked up in the hotel
basically having left and I just really
needed it like catching up with sleep
getting some work done catching up with
edits spending some quality time Araya
only bad thing is I haven't on this
visit got to explore New Zealand much
and I slightly regret that just because
although I've been here a number of
times as part of this particular trip
where we're trying to explore diversity
around the world and celebrate different
cultures I haven't be able to include
much of New Zealand in the same way as
well we could have done more exploring
in Australia but like I said after two
months on the road or in the air yeah it
just it's just been incredibly
exhausting more than I imagined so
thanks for bearing with me I'm back on
the vlogs and I'm just wandering over
now
oh yeah Jay pees with his family he's
been with his family for the weekend so
kind of works out well but I'm just
wondering over now to do a little
interview with there with a news channel
which would be pretty cool get to share
a bit about the trip and what we're up
to
hey hey good yeah good
can i film some little clips whilst
we're doing a little prayer so this is
cool I've been doing a few interviews my
own it's been a bit mr. leaking videos
have won him just under 2 million
followers on YouTube now Louie Cole's on
a new mission making a film that's
taking him to 22 countries in just 90
days something I'm really passionate
about is I guess showing the diversity
of different cultures around the world
being able to celebrate those cultures
and show that we are kind of all
connected in some way up next he's
jetting across the Pacific to North
America with very few stops along the
way and some of those legs are big like
the Hawaii California legs like I think
15 to 17 hours of flying it won't go the
pier a set to complete the journey in
just a few weeks with the finished
documentary hitting our screens next
year it's exciting it's good to do this
and it's good to include people on this
adventure as well an adventure he hopes
will show that our similarities as
humans can unite us Andrew McFarlane one
news that's pretty cool in and out 20
minute interview they've told me that's
going out first thing in the morning so
I would have been included some clips of
the breakfast show that was aired cool
yeah
okay guys so as you know every place
we've been stopping I've been trying to
find locals especially people that are
kind of have heritage with the local
culture so coming to New Zealanders like
we need to find a moldy some with moldy
heritage to interview and I found terena
and her husband young son and they only
like offer to meet up and hopefully we
can have a little interview but also
take me to this incredible place in the
North Shore of Auckland I've never been
here before
look how incredible this place is such a
cool view and the right and it was
raining this morning so it's nice that
the rains gonna hold off so we're gonna
go for that walk chat get to know these
guys a bit ideally if I was here for a
few more days would actually get to hang
out and do more stuff together but it's
very rushed
okay we just set help to do the
interview and then the Sun came out
which is really nice but it's kind of
ruin the shot we had because it's going
to be kind of overexposed in the
background so we're gonna relocate over
here my name is Selena
I am mouldy and Native American and I
think I'm like Mexican and a billion
other things but Modi a Native American
is what I identify as my Modi tribes are
not fleeing Nazi plus I think that New
Zealand's doing an okay job if not a
good job of just making sure that Modi's
helps to have a part especially since
historically Modi culture was like
getting wiped away so to bring it back
in the full force that it is it was
really nice to see ages ago when New
Zealand was first being colonized they
you know we're teaching the Modi's
children in schools and they would get
beaten at school if they spoke Modi in
the school so they had to learn English
and it just created you know they
started losing the language so it almost
died out for a while like nobody could
really speak Modi and like there were
still people that could speak it but you
know it was dying I got bullied really
badly when I was in high school I was
like very very mean awful horrible
experiences with bullying and it kind of
made me not want to be Who I am and it
just made me kind of scared to connect
with people as well like I found it
really hard to make friends with people
but over the last five years I've done
this whole like I'm gonna find Who I am
and I'm going to start embracing I've
actually started making friends with
people which has been a new experience
because finding friends and making
connections with people has been really
exciting for me and I'm starting to
realize there's a lot of really good
people out there there's so much hate
everywhere on the internet in real life
just everywhere and I have a very strong
opinion that the only way we can fix
that is just by loving everyone no
matter how rude someone is to me
I am very big on just loving them I
think if people understood they're
willing to understand other people's
cultures whole lifestyle I think it
would just make the world a little bit
better
okay we're needing to leave this little
park area that we're in because I think
it's about to close we got a good
interview that was good fun enjoyed that
Thanks that's cool and now I'm needing
to find out what I'm doing I think the
meet our jph need to find out where he
is
I cannot go over this though this sunset
is just unreal this is just insane the
colors of the sky are just so beautiful
okay before these guys head off we're
gonna stick around a little bit longer
because just the sky is on the fire like
it really is it's it's mind blowing so
we're gonna walk to the end of this pier
and try and get a few more shots
these guys are off thank you so much
all right I've met back up with JP how's
your weekend been nice for the family
good yeah I kind of am anxious now
though because the next few flights are
super intense so I just wanna go
we're just stocking up on some snacks
now then head back and rest for an early
morning flight we just picked up our
Indian food ah first look at your mango
lassi just in here that's smell right
it's gone 1:00 in the morning
I need to be a little bit quiet because
everyone's asleep
4:00 a.m. JB's dad is finally waking up
and giving us lift to the airport where
we will be hopefully if the weather's
good flight to Fiji I'm actually feeling
great after this weekend just having
rested and I'm also kind of looking
forward to you I guess heading back now
I feel like you know this has been one
big journey and I think we're both of us
kind of focused on the arrival now like
getting back it's not like we're rushing
back but this there's an excitement
around it now because it feels as if
we're not too far from the end but we
will hopefully on the way back the next
couple of stops get to experience a bit
of the culture depending on how long we
can stay places I'm definitely hoping in
Hawaii we can find some locals and learn
about the culture
and anyway yeah it could be pretty
intense kind of journey back because of
the the amount we're gonna be flying
over water and when we get to Hawaii
we're gonna have an additional tank or
like a bigger tank fitted so we can do
the final last push that like a long leg
to California yeah I'm feeling realized
even though I'm about to get like less
than three hours sleep I'm in general
this weekend's been very restful for me
and yeah I'll see in a few hours
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
