good morning guys it's a beautiful day
in Shanghai and we've come down to the
old town and we're just going to do
little bit of sightseeing before our
ideas jam session tonight at the hostel
got a friend right here young man
he's our local guide and he's gonna show
us all the cool places
we definitely need help on the first
night we literally were struggling even
to get street food they're like we can't
even get to the hostel to start with we
were struggling to even like fulfill our
basic needs here so thankfully Ray's
gonna show us what's up and keep us in
the game
I know they talk about hole-in-the-wall
yeah I'm not sure I've ever seen such a
straight-up oh yeah that that is tiny so
we've just learned this is the tower
temple I don't really know much about
this place or Taoism
I'm going to try and find out some
things there's some cool characters
though there's some cool statues of
people I proper like angry could be look
at this guy those top left all May he is
sitting for here me wait he's got his
base placed on that's what it is he's
just missing the crazies upstairs
dumpster first check out the bin it's
game better better better been they need
to do this they need to do this
everywhere if all bins are like that I
would throw away all a rubbish I mean I
do throw out more fish but every that
never be any literal because you look so
happy you just want to feed them
this is Louis smashing up the slow moan
120 we're heading to a very tall
building now
guys check this out this is where we're
heading over out there we're going up to
this transparent observatory and I'll
admit I've got a healthy regard for
heights and transparent floors and I'm
scared too basically it looks like what
people thought the future look like when
they're in the 70s and now like the
Jetsons
this week because I don't feel now beige
nervous of tall buildings I get scared
space capsule
we're in a very cozy elevator right now
Oh weird space
whoa boy her outfit rocks we actually
are in space yes bro I need to clean the
window a little bit early be the
astronaut bro be the astronaut
what's up Dave you ready for the glass
floor really they go they call it a
glass floor of doom
thanks a holiday come on Dave
jump it jump it here this is cool I like
it at all what I think's do you think
it's not safe
we have well there's a very fun morning
we're now back at the hostel and we're
about to start our Shanghai Salvage app
session and I'm not expecting a big
turnout mainly because I've said before
YouTube is actually banned here so we're
not sure how people would even hear
about it it's probably a couple right I
think we're ready to start a little jam
session unfortunately we only have one
Chinese native there I'm emailing some
other guy I don't know he's gonna be
able to make it but this is the crew
we've got a global committee Norway
Germany Malaysia Singapore Brazil
English English what would be one thing
that you think would help China to
flourish more I think China has all the
resources they need they had the people
their technology their they have a good
day of strong economy so far and really
the one thing is the thing we are
discussing all along is the censorship
thing I mean if you get rid of a sense -
if we truly become and in the
international country things we've
started to change and by lifting up a
censorship you open people's mind and
people can actually give new idea to
solve the problem like if people start
noticing the problems around them which
they don't because the country is
growing and people are making more money
so everyone's happy but like people
don't see that you have still like
hundreds of millions of people living
below the poverty line you don't see all
the social problems that are there in
the interior of the country every
country had their own problems you know
we could see in different ways one is
negative and I was positive so a
positive way would be you know you can
see you know everybody's getting rich
then we could using the lots of stuffs
in the products and the like tape way I
is something um people don't have to ask
them now for each other everybody in
China is getting rich but what about the
pollution was that doing to your lungs
cancer and everything is happening so
fast and I think you have to keep sight
of what are the long-term implications
of what you do today the pollution index
goes from zero to 500 yeah this year was
this year old the end of last year it
was like 900 900 like almost double word
and I was in school and if I reached out
my hand I couldn't really see what was
beyond my hand it was horrible right now
this this is the app that we have like
you to track which I wish this was like
nice breeze today yeah so yeah like
right now like this is the official
official index it's 121 lightly polluted
yeah but this is the US consulate one
that says 165 unhealthy I gotta stage
the growth of China China is very
impressive yeah especially in on the
high-end of technological advancement
and you can see like terms of research
and scientific advancement
they did a good job so do you feel like
in general because it's a really
difficult problem to lead 1.3 4 billion
people to like eken I mean and at the
point of economic development that
China's at more economic growth does
mean better lives for people at this
lower end of the scale so do you kind of
just feel like we're it's not perfect
but it's actually a pretty good job well
in the word is yeah yes good job for the
government change has always occurred in
any any time in history that it's
happened through a small group of people
just that's what actually I'm gonna hear
through it a small group of people
acting differently I agree that it's
very hard to fathom at a macro change at
the moment but what can be done is
people can get around and come up with
small creative imaginative ideas that
that begin to show people on a
one-to-one basis or one to a few basis
of like there's a different way of
looking at life there's a different way
of breeding a culture between our
friendship group our family our school
and I'm sure if we spend long enough we
would find ways to do that that may not
even break rules but just kind of finds
ways that would all mostly resist
it like an irresistible revolution one
one that's like compelling and even the
even authorities would bless because
they like they think it's a good things
that make sense like if you make a
youtube video or YouTube video like and
this is what Ray was talking about if
you make a youtube video giving free
hugs or giving people money on the
street right
there's nothing rule-breaking about that
but it's absolutely subvert in the
dominant culture of just growth growth
growth with no awareness or appreciation
for the cost of that you know and I I
personally think messages like that are
really really powerful at this stage in
the development of a culture like China
right now if we could do something to
upload loose video to here with other
people were young especially young kids
or students or graduation to see
well this guy in the doing something
I've been dreaming off it could
encourage them you know to do something
got some spring rolls vegetable noodles
got some extra chili sauce here I'm
talking to Pizza mythology all right
team Shanghai getting dinner yes guys
Cheers Dexter yummy it's so good so the
crew left we've had a lovely evening and
it was a pretty cool idea jam session I
think it was a little bit tricky because
we only had ray from that was actually
Chinese and I think as well we just
scratched the surface of you know
talking about some of the issues we
didn't really delve a lot into solutions
I think yeah it's quite it was quite
unique experience tonight there's a lot
of voices different opinions and also as
you saw that the team that came were
actually quite global with like small
insights into China but I would have
loved to hear a few more voices of
people that grew up here and maybe
that's an ongoing conversation maybe we
can try and connect a bit more through
other media platforms we're actually
talking about using yuku which is that
the Chinese kind of version of YouTube
to maybe stopping some of my videos out
in there so we can communicate a bit
more and people can find out about what
we're doing but yeah it was a it was
good it's good to make a small
connection and maybe if we do this again
we'll uh we'll find some more
connections in China how did you find it
Dave
it was good man raise the man we would
have been stuffed without ray he came
away from Beijing legend legend he saved
our bacon really onwards and upwards man
hopefully that will that tenuous that
little link will grow and prove the
points that we were talking about
everyone can make a difference I'm
excited about South Korea I really know
very little about it so I'm going in
with white eyes so hopefully me a whole
bunch of cool people there too off to
sleep now that broke me tea well maybe
my DS medicine dress but we'll catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life l√≠via gucchy boom
