good morning guys it's quite an exciting
day today we have left Seoul and we've
come to the Demilitarized Zone on the
border with North Korea I don't know a
lot about this place we're trying to
find out as we go but we're about to
jump on a tour bus and and go for two
different parts of it this is the
freedom bridge I think and this what is
Boise State it's a train with a thousand
and twenty bullet holes in it it got
derailed after some bombing happened in
the Korean War between north and south
so the reason they have it it's like a
symbol of the conflict and tragedy of
the conflict between the two countries
which I understand is currently really
heated up again unfortunately
so what we've learned so far is there's
an industrial complex in North Korea
that South Korea used to send products
over to or materials over to and then
they'd get stuff made there by North
Korean workers and I guess that was kind
of a trade agreement or you know working
agreement between North and South Korea
but then that was all shut down about
three months ago because apparently the
South Korea were paying about ninety
million dollars or something to annually
to North Korea and now they don't trust
whether that money is actually going to
be paying the workers or whether its
funding their military program so it's
always shut down to the moment and
apparently the tensions are so high
right now that we're lucky that this
were even getting to go on this trip
it's pretty crazy
you were saying that there was a time
where South Korea look like yes North
Korean word they're about very similar
as far as economy size economy voting
right at the 1960's North Korea still
still did the closed door policy so they
didn't open up yeah
country's so do you think that
unification with North Korea would be a
good thing
oh yeah seen a long run in a good 20 30
years down the road it would be a big
benefit this is a South Korean military
base love anyone doubled in underneath
from the many ancient enemy even missing
that last bit was crazy we were it was
like so windy I can say anything that we
were looking over the border into North
Korea but we weren't allowed to film
anything beyond this yellow line luckily
though me and they've brought a photo
evil regards which we're welcome anyway
now we've arrived at this yeah we've
arrived at this place we're gonna watch
a little film bow no we're gonna watch a
little film about the tunnels
On June 25th 1950 he made himself Korea
by the north began with
sharing sounds of artillery
the armistice agreement in Korea
in order to invade cellphone
okay once you get down this is the
actual tunnel okay the actual tunnel
you're gonna walk about 265 meters just
the black area well we're back from our
tunnel explorations I've so Sal I can
take you guys with me down there pretty
epic though if you like is it 300 meter
diagonal tunnel down to find the North
Korean tunnel that they've been building
and they discovered it in 1978 is that
right and it's like maybe like this high
and I was like they had a little hard
hats on was like crafting true and then
we got right to the end and there's a
barrier I've been metal door where
they've blocked it off and how far is it
like 100 and 170 meters to the North
Korean hundred and seventy meters away
from the North Korean border oh it was
cool
well that was an absolutely awesome
unique experience as Louie said it's
probably the only place in the world
maybe the last life hopefully the last
place in the world to ever be that
isolated and I hope that that's the last
time we get to go visit that space but
how our unique and interesting even we
are yeah I'm gonna have to read more
about it hello everyone I had no idea I
had no idea wasn't had like any viewers
here so it's consumer so we made out to
the roof it is such a nice evening so
hey guys so gonna try and grab some
photos try not to freeze our butts off
why do you watch these videos cuz it
makes you want to travel
you
Louie and I are traveling to different
countries and having these Solva jam
sessions we're really all it is is a
chance to listen to each other to hear
what it's like to live here in Korea and
obviously we have some crazy experiences
today being in the DMZ but we know very
little so keen to listen really the kind
of the framework for the conversation
has been people sharing a bit about what
it's like to live here what kind of
problems they've experienced and observe
firsthand then maybe we start talking
about bit more creatively if you want to
perceive there's successful people you
have to go to like certain University
like top 10 or top six university and
you have to go to like certain
corporations like Samsung Hyundai and
that's that's the way like people tell
you how you're successful and not buy
and stand out of your happiness when I
was a high school student I I spent 14
hours at the school I had to go to
school 7:15 in the morning 1 to 750 in
the morning and the whole schedule at
school and ended 10:00 p.m. so I spent
14 hours at the school every day except
Sunday and that is why students are not
happy in Korea that is why there there
is so high competition thing going on in
Korea of course that makes Korea develop
this this much but I think it is time to
change
because I think that is why the suicide
rate in Korea is the highest in the
world
this generation young generation have to
change that of course my parents
generation my grandparents generation
that make Korea developed this much and
I'm really proud of them but now I think
people have to face the problem the
mental health especially and I don't
want grow my kid like this this
environment this society so yeah I want
to change that my father used to run a
cosmetic clinic he's a doctor he had he
had a clinic in condom station and he
wants that like there were a perfect guy
he's like tall and good-looking and they
just ended up clinic and as for Botox
and fillers and stuff like that even
though he said like they were already
good-looking and
and he my father asked for their stories
and what they said was where they were
preparing to be an actor and they needed
the Botox and like double eyelid surgery
and stuff like that and that's what the
media wants the actor to be like that so
because of that there's no individuality
and all the thing I'm not interested in
plastic surgery because I satisfied
myself I've been working on this idea
for quite a while but not actually
started but um basically I have this
idea of using the arts to get to people
in today's society today society
especially in Asia people are too
obsessed with their own self-image and
their phones and everything so they
don't actually look what's in front of
them I had this idea to create a kind of
network with hearts so say the what was
said before about old people feeling
lonely and also they've been kind of
abandoned so an idea of having a way for
these these old people to express this
we just need to give a more chance or
more space to express our feeling and
that's the main key of solve the problem
conversation also is a part of it you
know we need to have more opportunity
chance of space to express our feelings
so can start having conversation and we
think what what this person's thinking
about
so I think that's have been key so to
make this trip happen we've had we've
got a couple of different sponsors one
of the sponsors is Corning Gorilla Glass
they basically agreed to help us to put
on this tour but also gave us some
phones that we could give out at each
session that we do so I've got a the
galaxy s7 edge here one thing is that be
here tonight another is to participate
another is to point out wrong but next
thing is to really implicate yourself in
being a part of that solution and we
really the whole salty brand is about
getting behind people that do that and
so you know I think the cool thing about
a phone is it has a monetary value you
know you can flog it on eBay or
something it has communication abilities
it has you know you can use it to
develop technology solutions with you
know you can do all kinds of different
things with it so I just see is like a
little black box of opportunity and to
do with whatever we want so I feel like
the most kind of concrete idea that we
heard in terms of like really getting
involved in making something happen was
it Sofia second a so we'd like to give
it to you as a gift and say and just
appreciate you putting your neck on the
line and then you know please do like
move forward with your idea whether you
apply or not to the so V process it
doesn't doesn't matter it'd be cool if
you did but it's just you know just be
encouraged
it's good that you're thinking that way
and willing to put yes yourself in the
mix there Cheers
it's pretty cool in a Dave I'm not Dave
I'm a tiger no it was it was it was a
perfect balance I would say great group
size everyone was really honest you
could see the vulnerability in their
faces just having an open honest
conversation I think is doing good work
here I don't think that's there's a lot
of space for that here so I was really
proud of everybody yeah it's good so
Thanks if you came along tonight guys we
really appreciated hearing from
you and yeah I think yeah we had some
some good ideas so great day overall
amazing little ideas Jam tonight and
also fascinating visit to the DM Z right
we will see you tomorrow we're actually
flying to Tokyo in Japan and again this
is going to be another incredible
incredible experience peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boo
