good afternoon guys we've left the
hostel I had a low level lie in this
morning as usual we're now coming out
for a late lunch then we're heading to
this cool temple later which I'm looking
forward to apparently it was the
inspiration behind the Taj Mahal
so we've just stumbled across this
cricket match with these kid practicing
cricket which is the biggest sport in
India it's quite fascinating
is interesting earlier Dave was saying
that in England cricket is for the upper
middle class and upper class whereas
Vasu is saying in India it's like a lot
of the the poorer communities will play
cricket that's right yeah that's right
yeah everyone plays with a ceiling guys
look at these puppies
hey hey
so we ride to the temple which I've
actually found that isn't a temple it's
a tomb but it's kind of maybe looks a
bit like a temple as well
I don't know the differences Wow check
that guy out and Charlotte has joined us
today how you doing today - Charlotte Oh
sleep bro this is delightful
it's temperatures cooling off as well
yeah what's go it's very hot during the
day right now and that means you don't
want to be out in the middle of the day
which works well for us so it's going to
late afternoon evening vibes best time
to go sightseeing
Chiqui they easier than open the hole oh
yeah
firstly tell me the link between this
and the Taj Mahal
um this is the burial ground for the
second Mughal Emperor called for my own
so that's why extra - Taj Mel is his my
own after John you Shah Jahan so his
great-grandson he made it for his wife
this is actually really magical guys how
old is this place 500 over 500 years old
what'd you send a I'm saying like this
is what I think of as like the movie
India you know it's some like crazy plot
where make people make a trek across the
world to go and meet with some spiritual
guru and they come to a place like this
and change like eat love pray or
whatever it's called is putting up right
so yeah d pray love that's what this is
this is amazing and I can see why they
are we sitting here we're now heading
inside the tomb check this out whoa
this is what a matrix team and running
so this is the main guys to a Mayans
grave right there right in the center
this to be like my 20 feet above ground
there so technically supposed to be
portrayed in the ground so you can
actually go down which is not accessible
anymore
but then actual grave is like on the on
the ground about 40 feet up okay you can
the intrinsic work better be done and if
anything goes wrong they have to redo it
all over but that's the kind of artisans
we had that they were so good that they
pretty much didn't I always love coming
to places with loads of history and the
fact that this is like over five hundred
years old just trying to imagine what
was going on here back then and like
since then over the centuries mankind
and what we understand today in the
places we go to just like one sliver of
time and then you know you look back and
think about the history of even where
you guys are sitting right now watching
this video like this is it's kind of
mind-blowing yeah feels very rich in
culture here and it's been cool learning
a little bit about the history and the
fact that this is actually there's more
like Persian architecture here because
of the in the top at the time this is
built as same thing India was even a
country there's like different regions
and yeah just yeah Lowe's to learn I
love history
Dave is staying in the hostel to do some
work and do some Skype calls and stuff
and we're going to head out for some
dinner Sharla was this area code yeah
all right
host custom in-house cos village
guarantee this is like the urban hip
Kappa / bar is not to restaurants and
bars and this is the most happening
really knowing nelly you can say check
yourself we're just about to have some
dinner overlooking this lake with this
15th century temple ruins over there
right I'm back it's 3:00 a.m. we have to
get up in five hours
we are only ten twelve days into the
trip and we are this isn't a good this
isn't good this isn't a good situation
that we're not getting enough sleep
already
I feel like give it another ten days and
we're going to be like absolute dead
what do you mean we're not getting
enough sleep Louie let's you mean Dave's
gone crazy so sleep-deprived had
obviously you slept last night well
actually amigo mostly yeah Dave's Dave
probably needs about W obviously loiter
anyway
we should probably sleep soon is what
I'm trying to say but it's been a good
day I'm excited that we actually got out
to see some of the beauty of Delhi and
some of the architecture and the history
and all of that because we've been very
focused on more the conversations with
people were listening to local people
and the whole soul we project so it's
been a treat to get out and experience
some other stuff and yeah still it's way
too rushed though to really take in the
culture and experience it properly I'm
definitely coming back here but it's
been very good and yeah on to Shanghai
tomorrow and hopefully we'll be able to
find some people there that know what's
going on because we still have me able
to communicate anything because of
YouTube being banned and stuff but we'll
see right sketchy in five hours peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
