alright guys so I just got in the car
here with summer we're going to some
Stephen's Hospital
but unfortunately Louie and I are
getting smashed by these time zone
changes and we'll travel and I thought
it wouldn't be good for him to come out
cuz he looks quite tired to be able to
do and oh my god both of us borderline
getting here so I suggest that he slept
it off this morning I'll go to the
hospital and then we'll meet up at
lunchtime and go on to the slum for the
other tour and so I'm going to head over
to Old Delhi now and see some Stephen's
Hospital just to listen and learn and
see what it's like out here for the
health care
this is Matthew hiding behind the other
doctors he's doing one or two more
patients and then we're going to go up
and see the board where they tell people
with polio
she came first to us in 2009 mm-hmm and
she had severe paralysis of both the
legs and the trunk muscles
a lot of difficulty so we had to correct
her deformities we had to hit her with
calipers runner sinus surgery to reduce
the severity of deformity in the trunk
and then she joined College and 2011 she
joined College via she's finished her
college now she's to graduate
congratulations and after that she's
gone and she found out that there is a
beauty queen ha ha ha beauty competition
already wheelchair bout that wheelchair
bound yeah he went for that yeah she won
the first prize hey congratulations this
man works 18 to 20 hours a day working
with these people
hello I am making a little video
oh she come to us with the deformity in
the leg yeah guess it just feels that
she's see that's a crutch can you see
that oh that's heavy
that's heavy for me is Morris not where
a country can afford all kinds yeah
expensive stuff for everything but these
people should be denied the opportunity
now we need better crutches these sad
partners the disease was preventable
so that's it this is made in our own
artificial limb Center okay so you made
this here yeah yeah yeah this girls
called kiran means ray of light and
she's an artist
Wow did you you painted this this is
beautiful look at this guy's Wow
Samantha just told me that there's a
technique that he's using to solve some
of the deformities for the patient's
that he's been using for 15 years but
because he's working 18 to 20 hours a
day with these patients it's not yet
published is that right yeah I'm so busy
doing clinical work you can take the
time to write little information that I
have there when I go to meet exactly
they're talking like this they're
talking like this but I know I have
knives for that they are but it's not
getting accomplishment yeah because I
consider myself a social orthopedic
surgeon where I make a difference to
individual starfish's area but not
anymore they're here I go I know the
only water quality work
so maybe so there's something which I
would like is probably some help in
documenting and sharing searching in
China
well there's anyone out there that wants
to come and spend some time here and
write down what he's been up to
that could be something that could make
a real difference there are so many out
there who are paralyzed deformed needs
rehabilitation who needs an occupation
who needs a job he needs to be back as a
normal member of society living with the
dignity of expected for a normal human
being true that is very important not
calling on all force not limping not the
way they their potential is to be
realized for me they should be given the
opportunity to be fully active members
of a society you're the man
what an incredible man is dedicated
unbelievably to helping people and his
passion after all these years is still
crazy
oh so much to take in but I'm going to
get back and see if we can pick up Louie
well I managed to get some good rest
feeling a lot better
this trip is already insane hopefully
Dave looked after you this morning so
you do some interesting stuff now we're
about to head out another project we
have arrived at the cap will CLE colony
this is a slum area in New Delhi and
we're being taken around we're going to
visit a local school here
this is monastic nursery school you can
see the board mores but we have two two
rules here okay so here look how tiny
these chairs are really I need one for
each bocce yeah yeah ha ha just fits it
just fits we're gonna check out the
upstairs culture source the next plan
next plan is will we would like to have
a bigger place where we can have more
children coming because one teacher can
take up 20/20 vision of their
cooperatively so you guys have been
through the education here and you're
just finishing your finals yeah
what is what do you hope to do next next
I want to be an actor and I thought yeah
amazing
that's awesome so I do acting great you
you say I want to become an artist an
artist amazing are you
my finger amazing is it enough this is
great I've never seen her oh here are
some fun yeah yeah yeah good luck
the kids here are so friendly they're
all just beaming smiles in their faces
so good hello
oh goodness crazy so much love it full
of color and flavor much life yeah Papa
Lego overloads guys like Hochevar like
big time so here's a question for you
guys you guys are very engaged in
helping people to get educated but if
you could change one thing in India all
of India to make it better make it
better to help people flourish more what
would it be for liberalism literacy
education a right right to spread
education all around because it's big
and didn't get modulation little gene
they're like themselves
you
this is one of the most intense
good luck with music good luck with your
education well guys I have two words
which summarizes the whole experience
the YouTube 4k oh yeah beautiful chaos
so David me were just saying we haven't
quite seen conditions like that like
there doesn't seem to be any toilets
people are just using the the street as
the toilet a lot of the kids we
distorted the truth squatting and peeing
on the street open sewers but it's you
know on the contrast of that has so much
life and smiles and people seem to have
the freedom to want to pursue the Arts
and you know most the the guys and kids
we talk to you want to be you know
musicians and actors and want to get
into all that and I just there's
something very special unique about this
place hopefully of kind of father what's
been going on so Vitara but the Torah
the Torah used to be the the president
of the Rotary Club here and he's just
been showing us some great work that
they've set up and they're doing in this
local area this year three hundred
thousand students into education that
aren't
yeah from like 600 Rotary groups around
the country yeah
insane Network so yeah that was amazing
- amazing to see what they're doing
really and some of the great work that's
happening out here and also kind of very
evident least some of the issues and
problems that need to be solved and they
were saying for them the core of it all
is education and helping with education
and that's what's going to combat
poverty here I'm going to leave Dave
sleeping and head out to a cultural
local Indian music night so I'm with
Vasu and Emma who's also staying at the
hostel and this events happening in
their house yeah cool my friend's house
all right so it's quite an intimate then
just on the rooftop
Oh
well that was amazing guys I've not been
to a traditional Indian music night
before and yeah such a unique style
I love six passionate musicians I'm
loving it snowing in Delhi a little bit
I learn a lot of interesting facts about
it today one of which I guess we'll talk
about tomorrow I found out today New
Delhi is the most polluted city in the
world and being able wondering why our
throats were hurting and women coughing
voila I think there's a lot of smog and
traffic pollution here so I guess we'll
chat tomorrow bit more about that and
some of the other things that could be
improved but overall we have fascinate
day staying a lot of the beauty of the
city as well and yeah really excited for
a couple more days here I'll catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure but
