good morning guys it's 8 a.m. Steve is
just giving us a lift to the airport
legend all of us have had like barely
any sleep maybe like three hours sleep
but yeah we're on to New Delhi India see
this
they'd be ready for the next country the
next stop I'm gonna be honestly on the
fire three hours is not even remotely
it's like than that for me so it's going
to be an energy conservation day for me
today okay
turns out we totally forgot to print out
our Indian visas so we happen to email
Emirates for them to print them for us
this woman is an absolute legend she's
going out of her way completely to help
us energy I just left her this and was
like right come with me we're gonna sort
you out I like it when people care about
their jobs and they care about the
customers you keep up with it so she is
on it she's like trying her best help us
some people you like go and try and
check in and they're just grumpy and
don't want to help utility well done it
is well done Dave what does happen bro I
don't know what this means but I just
saw it is business and 6f how did you
get that on 44k so sir probably thinks
I'm I'm in business fast which think you
are in business cause it's his business
given 10 minutes ago I didn't have my
visa and I thought I left my laptop at
wonders
are going well and we're gonna try and
heard of that see if they can get Louie
to come sit with me that I'm gonna be
alone that's so amazing we Louie will
share you know Pro upgraded bro
so so guys this listen to this I got my
electronic boarding pass they didn't get
here so I was like long I'm gonna have
to go to the counter anyway you saw the
he got business class he got upgraded to
business that's right yeah and I was
like what but then I was like look I
feel good for Dave I'm not gonna get
envious he can have a bit it's all good
but I'd be nice invited to hear the
little chats the lady she was like no
I'm afraid we can do that to you we can
upgrade your friend to it online went to
scan my electronic boarding pass on it
and it came to my beep beep beep and
then he said take a seat number not
matching ticket and I was like whoa and
then she goes she'll it's on your skills
Oh upgraded handle business oh yes Bob
or your business to Mumbai no way but
now when you deli business new delhi
after three hours sleep is exactly what
you want thanks great hey could knock on
any better way looking like we could
have gone so bad it's a great start
after three hours sleep is a great start
off to New Delhi
it's just awesome
what you saying you happy I
this is one of my best therefore
experience is massage and
guys they just found this there is
massage there's this little panel and
you can massage get on
yeah hello Larry
no introductions are go ahead oh gosh
hello delivery a great sign I love your
son that's a great sign
Wow this is cool right this is the vibe
right
I'm a weird brush
so some of you may know that this entire
soul be trip we're getting hooked up by
hostile worlds who have organized places
for us to stay in each city that we're
stopping in and this is our New Delhi
hostel and it's sick I mean little like
swinging chairs on the roof yeah
hopefully this is where we're going to
be having our little jet idea jam
session in a couple of days absolutely
perfect I love it well what an
incredible welcome to New Delhi I
yeah I'm blown away this is great but I
am gonna get some sleep now and all rise
in a couple of hours oh well we had a
lovely little rest and we've now headed
out to explore some of the local markets
and get some food I feel much better
I was just rekt earlier
this is
this is why I remember India to be back
guys this is Vasu he's from the hostel
and he's taking us out a bit of a local
tour guide and he's going to be looking
after us and some of the other guys for
the next few days but thanks thanks I
have enough there needs ok many cameras
tell us a bit more about this market um
be as I said being a small urban village
called moment / and this is a tiny
market so it's not like an everyday
market this happened once in a week
every Friday they are people coming from
different parts of the city who come and
sell stuff aware and this is basically
for the people in around who want to
shop mostly go
glass kind of our section of the society
it's also like a great outing fun lot of
people just come here for like just hang
out and yeah people this cannot get
wonderful
still very huh
it's awesome that our youth hostels
located right in the heart of this place
apparently this isn't massively touristy
here I honestly haven't seen any other
like European or American tourists which
it's kind of nice it's refreshing
traveling and feeling like you're seeing
like the real authentic local culture
and then there hasn't been like a show
put on for you I cannot believe we're in
Dubai this morning and it's been a very
very long day that we are on to the
third location for the Soviet or d-boy
was pretty amazing actually I think
there's a lot of differences between
that and Ethiopia Dubai was literally
the opposite end of the spectrum to
Ethiopia you know the problems were
completely different and it was it was
intense
it was really busy and it was amazing
and met some incredible people there
which I can now count as friends is
really always an honor if you haven't
checked out the do-boy vlogs actually if
you haven't checked out any of the other
so leave logs please do it's been
something that's yeah been in the
planning for ages and now we're finally
doing it and it's just yes just excited
to meet people and hopefully yes start
this global conversation around how we
can make the world a better place and
come up with compassionate
problem-solving solutions for you know
for everything before I go to bed I
would really love those of you that want
to support me in my channel to do me a
favor basically I've had a lot of you
guys message me saying you're not
getting my videos in your subscription
box
maybe you're subscribed to a lot of
people and YouTube decides who to show
you in the subscription box so a way to
make sure you are getting all of my
videos and notified of all of my videos
especially these solarii ones which I
love so much and I would be such a shame
for you guys not to watch these ones I'm
going to show you what to do okay
quickly basically you can just go to my
main YouTube page and next to subscribed
there's a little cog click on that and
then you just click here send me your
notifications for this channel boom it's
as easy as that
so if you
that'd be awesome it helped me out and
it make sure the videos are getting to
you guys sorry to do that right I am
going to get some sleep now and I'll
catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
