going's I just felt with earthquake the
whole bed was shaking look down the cup
of water shaking that I went to the
bathroom and the water and the toilet
was shaking and then I checked on
Twitter and there was like tremors in
New Delhi it's not it wasn't a motivated
actually happen Dave did you feel the
earthquake just then the bed was shaking
bro yeah hey guys how you doing these
are the early birds
Dave Oh got some food before we start
the jam session all right a few more
people are shown up hello it's still 20
to 5 so like and apparently Indians
aren't known for being early either so
there could be a lot of people about all
right you know what problems do you see
around you what do you think the biggest
issues are then we'll start talking so
I'll kind of try and move us along that
there are steps in the conversation but
the second step will be saying what
amazing innovations have you seen that
have work that have changed things for
you or for your friends or for other
people in the society and then the third
step will be listen what ideas do you
have what is your dream what
you'd love to see that could be that you
could be a part of changing in this
place does that make sense so to be
honest I think India has a lot of
problems and the environment depletion
discrimination waste management water
scarcity we have a lot of issues going
around now the thing is the primary
problem as to and the primary solution
that everyone has to all these problems
is awareness right spreading awareness
but I think the the primary root cause
of all these problems is illiteracy
because the moment you equipped someone
with education you give them an
instrument that will help them
understand the world and give them you
know a chance to start thinking it
equipped it equips people to start
thinking and coming up with ideas and
solutions like we all are doing today
this might sound crazy but there are
over 1.3 billion people in India out of
which over a billion people still still
don't have access to the Internet so
providing these people access to the
Internet would probably be the solution
to those problems food is a major issue
in India I mean I mean how many I don't
know how many people sleeps without food
and if you haven't dined well you cannot
sleep well and then you cannot operate
well right so they look they are not
they are not healthy how can they
operate well and there are lot of other
perspectives we need to change like you
need to get into a good college get a
job get out of this country huh live
live alone it's not about a million
middle class families it's never about
developing your own country it's about
developing your family and mostly
getting out of this country because
other countries people like we had a lot
of power the rich from the poor and how
we might focus on one group or another
we had a lot about education on both
ends of the spectrum again and we heard
a lot about the need for food the basic
you know the basic building blocks of
being able to get on with life
I'm nine years old and I'm passionate
about animals because in the world there
are many species that I'm injured and
they're at the breath of extinction
so I've also animal ever want to do
animal volunteering and when I grow up I
want to become an animal rescuer so I
want to help them I want to I want to
increase the population amazing amazing
Delhi is very busy place so of course
people are suffering from mental stress
and all so I'm working with the NGO and
today only I came directly from there
and we had gone to slums and to each
individual and we have you know
interacted with them personally and that
is what they need acceptance and
unconditional love
I had this idea of converting thermal
energy into electrical energy and as you
know that in just offers a lot of
electrical short power shortages so I
made a prototype that converts the heat
energy from his palms to electrical
energy that can be used that can be
stored it's kind of like a torch so they
can help people store start in slums and
other areas I think it's about realizing
where this global community that we all
have a passion and it's been is evident
that all of us that come today have got
a passion to change something and be a
part of that change even if right now we
don't know what that looks like we don't
have any answers but together I think
there's so much strength together that
we can do something find other people if
you heard something say something
interesting that you also connect with
go and chat to them swap details we'll
stay in touch in the Facebook group and
I just want to say thanks again so much
for coming and yeah this is so so
exciting guys random floors for yourself
we have just learned so much my head is
fried but in a good way and I'm gonna be
processing for days what I've learned
today and the connections we've made of
just awesome
this is ravi onk he is gonna do some
light painting with his cool Indian flag
light saber so me and Dave are going to
position ourselves and hopefully I'll be
instagramming this photo you guys check
this out this is homemade with 9 volt
batteries LED strips we'd like some
lighting gel orange and green
right this is the squad for tonight
Jonah Emma and Vassy and where you
taking us
jazz bar yes a couple of mixed musicians
were just today
Wow
that what it is I'm just going to like
that my new music that was I was like
totally my text holy like this now
they're staying up for a little damn
night lows musicians and I've just
ordered some noodles as well which from
Bert stuck in seat
that was epic that was so epic wasn't
that good thanks master that was a great
night this is your guy have you ever
come to New Delhi you need to stay at
this hostel the good Jew guard hostel
and that he's gonna look after you don't
you worry you know what time it is now
guys it is edit time I've just drunk a
coffee I'm charging my batteries up here
and yeah I'm gonna be up for hours hours
but it's all worth it it's all worth it
to show you guys this trip and what
we're doing and the amazing people we're
meeting let me know below if this is
cool if you're enjoying this slightly
different style of vlog where we're
hearing a lot from other people
for me this is culturally rich amazing
deep vlogging and I really hope it's
entertaining enough or engaging enough
let me know there's better ways I can do
this kind of stuff and include other
people's stories and other people's
lives on my videos suite we've got one
more day in New Delhi and then we're
flying out the next day to Shanghai also
another little bit thing I need to help
with is I need to find some people in
China I need some people on the ground
because we because YouTube isn't in
China and I don't know how to tell
people about the Salvi stuff so if
you've got any ideas of how to do that
let me know sweet I'll see you in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
