good morning guys
it's our last day in Ethiopia and
they've come down with Caleb to get a
coffee into breakfast before heading to
the airport
I think they've a little bit too much
breakfast
I think the chairs they broke the chair
when you shouldn't have had that extra
cross on my service we are sitting in
the Ethiopian hotel and this is crazy
we're in Ethiopia and the Icelandic
Prime Minister is on the TV because of
all the stuff that's going down and
we're gonna have to talk about this we
can yeah we're gonna have to talk about
this those of you that saw our press
release about the Solway project will
know that the end of the project the
finale is in Iceland we're going to an
event called what works and the person
that we were going to be launching the
Solway project with he's going to be
pressing the publish button on our video
with the Icelandic Prime Minister now
any of you that have been watching the
news at the moment will have heard that
he is at the center of a big scandal
where there's been a leak from Panama
papers about offshore bank accounts and
stuff so it's very interesting what
you're doing Dave well it's pretty crazy
I'm talking at the moment with the guys
that we've been organizing this event
with and so we're just sort of rolling
with it at the moment to see what comes
out in the wash but there may well be
changes afoot but we'll keep you guys
posted on every step and just see how we
roll with it over the next couple of
weeks really I guess that's it
space love unexpected things in this
trip sir definitely an adventure
definitely adventure
so that is it guys that's a wrap for
Ethiopia we're on to de boigne our about
to fly caleb has been an absolute legend
I you know I cannot believe that there
was no planning no planning at all we
didn't even know Caleb when we arrived
but yeah Boswell thanks for connecting
us Facebook yeah I think it was kind of
meant to be you know those moments in
life where things happen you're like
this isn't just a quick but something
you might not know guys this caleb has a
YouTube channel I have been linking him
in the vlogs but by strongly advised to
go and check it out subscribe and he's
got some awesome videos on the way he's
got some awesome videos up currently but
what's the premise of your channel what
are you doing it yeah so it's all about
overcoming the fear of failure so I take
on challenges that people think are
impossible and then I go out and Jim put
it on the challenge it's my forty days
and it is very very funny you willing to
it is good I actually think it's kind of
going to blow up I think some of the
videos I've got a lot of viral potential
so yeah go learn know what you think and
yeah going shown some love
of to do bar you
yes bra this is going to be poles apart
yeah I I'm not even ready I don't think
I'm ready on you are not ready I've
never really been properly we only have
that one mad day he's gonna be mad all I
know is this is going to be mad sitting
on these planes yeah when they give us
the little towels is the closest Louie
gets to a shower showing what you do bro
yeah every time this would do it play
that I could not hate sharing with you
mate nation except some people call him
from fillory but you can just call him
the SIM card in the world okay I'm
trying to find my two fighters in you've
loved you
needle in a haystack yeah look I reckon
I've got like 30 mostly loudly I'm sorry
Lana
all right we're just meeting the crew
we're gonna take a Polaroid at the back
of the plane yeah check out the
Polaroids
hi
actually quite nice flight retail
for now
onto a second destination yeah we talked
Steve born here we've done yeah maybe
Steve's going to meet us hopefully pick
us up and I don't know a mistake and
I'll probably crush it yourself
shout out all the lovely cabin crew we
met on that plane I was a lot
I like the Polaroid cameras and my voice
I think that's just a nice touch just a
bit of fun can you hear this oh hello
hello can you believe it I was just
talking and I walked through this area
and it's just like it's like oh hey Liam
can you hear that guys
why is it the acoustics are so weird
it's been a bit of a development in the
issue we were talking about this morning
with the Icelandic Prime Minister the
update is whilst we're in the air he has
resigned from Prime Minister I don't
know quite what that means for us and
when we arrived but yeah kind of crazy
in there certainly not expected I can
say that what's next what's next is
we're still going to Iceland Iceland
still has a future and has problems to
solve maybe even more problems than it
used to have so we're there we're there
with them whatever happens whatever
situation they're in would be there at
the conference and maybe we'll make some
decisions about who to launch they'll be
with but we'll be there we just bumped
into these girls that have come to the
airport to meet us in a space James Bond
boy yes they were
we
well money in the desert playing God yo
J shows dashiki with a movie star
just cold damage niggas my mic are bad
20 million on a Philip often a step up
in the club and the deserves a Spanish
well Steve is for us to some party and
is this the seven star hotel it's in the
seven star hotel what is it cool but the
Burj Al Arab you know just chillin with
aquariums and the escalators
well you just got a cheeky little gift
bag that's solid gold but are we in a
golden palace the glory a golden USB
cable go - golden iPhone cable hole in
USB is this just normal no normal how
are you finding this extravagance Dave
it just seems ludicrous frankly just to
clarify Steve wanted me to clarify this
isn't his day-to-day life this is a
particularly swanky man right job yeah
that's reasonable that's reasonable but
but it's hard not to live a swanky life
and divide isn't it no really I think
the difference is I'm in the media so I
I have to show my face in certain events
and I would say my day-to-day life is
the same as it was in the UK same
friends same style same music yeah so
yeah just hit work just dripping with
gold exactly lost gold USB sticks at
least Elyse is a gold cashier oh so
thoughtful man I just wanted to comment
a little bit about that how bizarre
tonight has been from both me and Dave
arriving in Dubai which is known for its
extravagance and kind of finding
yourself at that part you die on one
level is so easy to get kind of wrapped
up in that world and suddenly excited
and you know we were invited to
potentially stay at that hotel which is
like you know a seven star hotel which
we've decided we will give a miss this
trip not that there's anything wrong in
itself about that but I think that's not
what this is this trips about and for
you what you think and Dave what you
said it's these things are just
distractions that's all like coming here
it's like we think you know what's going
on
all these distractions come in all the
free cocktails and the gift bags and
that everybody wants to like write about
you or talk to you and everyone's
dressed so elegantly and everything and
it's just like nothing wrong with it as
you say it's just that there's other
stuff to be done and there's only so
many hours in a day and you can get
distracted with all those bright shiny
things so at least for these few weeks
let's try and stay focused on what's
important yeah so I do suffer from shiny
thing syndrome oh but I'm yeah I'm more
passionate about seeing the broader
picture here in Dubai and it's very easy
to see that the surface of it and yeah
hopefully we'll get to meet a spectrum
of people from different kind of parts
of society and here's some of the things
going on here and yeah I'm excited we're
not doing our event tomorrow but we're
doing it on Thursday but I'm very
excited to see what happens and yeah
like they were saying earlier to me this
is a completely different place with
completely different problems to where
we've just been in Ethiopian and I'm
sure as we go to different countries
it's just going to get and we're going
to see just how different each place we
go to is right well uh we'll leave it
there probably do some exploring
tomorrow meet some cool people and yeah
I'm glad that you guys are enjoying this
journey that we're going on and I'm glad
we can bring you along with us peace out
enjoy life
and live the adventure
