good morning guys we've come down to the
waterfront today and we are heading out
we're doing some paddling we're going
out on the kayaks with Atlantic outlook
which is the kayaking tour company that
bends out this is jordyn and fun behind
me carrying the boats and then we've got
everyone in front got a big group and
I'm pumped I'm excited I'm hoping we'll
see some dolphins but I guess that's not
guaranteed what's the percentage start
this thing don't think really whoa okay
that's cool everyone's getting in the
car
we found dolphins already so quickly I
thought we're gonna be looking for a
this is already one of the best things
that on the paper
oh my gosh
oh yeah don't you think you like already
stairs my favor
this is the best 360 camera hands-down
good with that
yeah nice
yeah I'm like 2 years of event we went
to school no oh my gosh
I think it's one of the most magical
feelings
Bethan land
how's that Kyle it was pretty epic
you are Conway to salute it I know oh my
god
they literally swam under the boat we're
back I just dropped her life jackets off
and we are heading to lunch now also I'm
back on there - Tony what did you guys
think of the fusion footage
hopefully we captured a lot of stuff I
was it I was saying what about I was so
good because no matter where the
Dolphins popped up I was filming them
it's good it's good
fill me with the directionless camera
okay we're in this cafe called Nora and
this is amazing I can't believe I'll
just stand out by this place with disco
these bowls this is the moonshine bowl
with falafel this is the glitter shine
bro what's this Bob let's shine yeah
thank you
and then we go some photos all the
melodies like the most incredible
smoothies this is like
see you later guys alright we're heading
out on a Instagram mission today check
out some new spots ah
Kyle is our tour guide our photo
location - where you taking us
yeah
we're going for a little stroll now
through Deer Park I remember to take my
right my bandanna headband off because I
get like the worst suntan line if I
don't guys we're following this little
river up a bit further but we just Kyle
was just saying this is freshwater and
at the moment this is joining this is
going a bit further downstream joining
up with some other freshwater and it's
not being utilized for this water crisis
right now in a way that it could be and
we've just been chatting about why that
is is it just bad infrastructure is
there like a deeper conspiracy of why
Cape Town's in such a crisis right now
oh by the way if you're just watching
this vlog and I haven't watched my
previous vlogs and don't know about Cape
Town they are in an urgent water
shortage at this point I think they're
due to like when the taps are getting
turned off an April right and I want to
do like a longer I'm trying to plan like
a longer more concise video about or
maybe a shorter video but anyway more
concise video about the water crisis and
what's really happening and what it
means the locals and stuff so I'm trying
to wrap my head around it but it's kind
of baffling how it's happened and I'll
keep you guys posted a oh let me know in
the comments what you specifically want
to know about this water crisis
yes as a tourist that's come in like
obviously we've tried to adopt what all
the locals are doing limiting ourselves
to 50 litres a day two minute showers
all those kind of things yeah let us
know what you want to know because then
I'll go and do some research I want it
to be a bit more informed of my normal
vlogs where my guess is as good as yours
a lot of time
oK we've just arrived at a place called
Glen beach this is right next to camps
bay boys in comes Bay
yeah we're just checking out some Beach
locations we're trying to plan in a just
a beach day where we can just come and
chill and yeah do some sunbathing I've
already caught a bit of Sun today from
earlier and we're kayaking so I need to
be careful
we've just reapplied some cream night
which is good
I seem to burnt my shoulder Kyle can you
just hold the cameras there I'm gonna
turn around is it crazy
it's just white and red pretty mind if
you like classic British tourists look
there
welcome to Cape Town you've got the Cape
on tattoo guys let there be a less of
you if you go kayaking wear plenty of
sun cream or maybe even wear like a long
shirt maybe that would have been a
better option so we are driving along
the coast and we've stopped at pebbles
beach and this is pretty cool there's
like a coffee little coffee ban on the
beach here so we're just getting a
cheeky little coffee pile film like a
video actually it's the first video
you've put on your YouTube channels
right it was with the mamak air which he
saw me testing out the other day he did
a lot better video and he filmed a lot
of air rounds here like a lot of cool
shots with the pebbles and stuff yeah it
was cool man that's a good video god
seals yeah yeah go check it out
subscribe to Kyle he's only just start
this YouTube channel so he needs a bit
of our support guys are going showing
some love next stop cosy Bay there's
some seals we've seen out on the rock
which look cool might get the drone out
and go over there with a drone yeah this
is cozy
we've done all our photo location
scouting mission up and down and now
we've got back to campus Bay where we're
going to cheer get drink you might get
some dinner here later and then hoping
for a pretty epic sunset guys we messed
up our timing a little bit the plan was
we put the e at this bar and then run
out and get the Sun set this is photos
but the Sun is literally moments away
from setting we already head out now but
I'm just trying to recover because I I
put this chilli chopped chilies all over
my pizza and I am like going right now
like that still thinking get some good
shots though I mean we run out there own
the skies looking incredible you guys
ready let's do it
scene we've got this I think we've got
this if you walk on the other side
right we're back home it's been an
incredible day guys if you are in Cape
Town you absolutely have to do the
Atlantic outlook kayaking tour and I'll
link them below yeah so much fun and it
spins company it's awesome they say up
well done bro
it's it's fantastic honestly like one of
the best things I've done complete we
got to kayak with dolphins unbelievable
yeah we checked out some cool spots as
well definitely yeah I was just buzzing
all day just at the views and being on
the coast and the sun's there and I
guess the only bad thing happened today
was my sunburn but you know I just need
to learn double check on applying some
cream everywhere sweet well I will catch
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life a little adventure
but
