good afternoon guys
I just arrived in Dubai Mall the our
team again it's lunch for our ideas jam
session this afternoon
- and days back we have more XP
ventually gets better leave it for him
no fast Louise ID every dirty night why
I was like I'm going to get an early
night and then if it's for I am somehow
we need to sort our body clocks
I'm a little bit of trouble finding the
restaurant probably because it's located
in the biggest shopping mall in the
world
next to the ice rink
where we've came and Michelle hey and
we're about to tuck into some lunch look
at this mushroom soup in a loaf of bread
what what's going on probably won't be
there spot
go again this guy why you have to show
me
so there's something wrong
poke fiction star
hahahahahaha this just got a just took
the top off bro I just jammed the
enemy's nose no decorum bye thank you
Mohammed hooked us up again delicious
look at this bro I'm great at sealing
yeah
why this is our venue guys this is the
venue for our little jam session guys
I'm super excited we've got this venue
sorted here check this out it's like a
little it's a little conference room I
guess Dave's got some things he's going
to show on the screen a few people have
already arrived we want it's a little
bit formal but it will be relaxed once
to get started just need to have a
little cheeky coffee hey guys good
little camera set up over there
Dave's got his things in there my things
yeah things right do this just do this
um guys thanks so much for coming down
and we had no idea he was going to come
obviously this is all kind of we're just
winging it basically and we're so glad
you came and hopefully over the next
like hour or two we can get some really
cool conversation going and chat about
how we can solve some problems together
this is something called the social
Progress Index which basically looks at
how well countries are looking after
their people looking at how much
opportunity there is much freedom there
is and how much basic right basic
provisions there are for like health and
water and and that kind of thing so I
just wanted to look at the UAE because
that's clearly where we are today but
basic human needs you is killing it
doing really well 24th in the world
personal rights is down at 21 which is
like surprising and quite alarming in a
way because it's a lot lower than the
average those were taking a little break
from our chance they're getting pretty
intense but really awesome I just met
Fatima she's from Dubai and she's about
to show me a video she said she's the
first disabled Emirati
to skydive that's amazing can we watch
the video
and you want to do it again Rick's bar
encouraging me to do a lot of things
yeah I need to do a lot of things once
you try to do new things and experiment
humid like you would understand there
are not limitations for yourself
yeah the ones you put food where that
guys Fatima say the only limitations the
ones that you put on yourself so that's
a really good message thank you so much
I run a social initiative called the
same as project and basically our whole
thing is we're an empathy project so our
mission is to break down the lines the
walls that separate people in the world
but we're based in Dubai so we do a lot
of projects that just try and get human
beings to see each other as human beings
or water for workers it's not about
giving the guys water because they need
it every single site has water every
single water workers like us hydrated
the whole project is about getting
people who wouldn't normally interact
with the work it's actually like shake
their hand say thank you for building
the city look them in the eye give them
a ten minute break like the waters
obviously nice but the waters totally
just a vehicle to get guys to sit down
and we have face cloths that would give
out with the river bottle of water that
has we care about you written in seven
different languages so that's our way
like if you don't speak the guys
language you're gonna say hey man like
who do we care about you thank you have
a 10-minute break shake their hand carry
on so
that's water for workers but from the
beginning we were talking about
construction workers and their rights
and all of that but I was struck by
something that I saw earlier this this
year and Abu Dhabi they actually have
like a huge village for construction
workers but it's like 5-star
construction workers the construction
workers there have half game like a big
game room where they have billiard oh
and games and video games and things
like that they have a big kitchen with
like Indian kitchen Pakistani kitchen a
Nepali kitchen for a different
for that for their choices so this
project is amazing and it's an Abu Dhabi
I could link to you the episode which
funds all of that but it was amazing to
see this no matter where you go through
a life with what you're what you believe
and personally ah you should go for even
though you will be faced with like
rejections and people would like tell
you not to do it and Winstead I won't
stand in your way sometimes they they
don't know there your view of things
once you go through a problem you're not
the only one that you're going through
there are a lot of people that will go
through but they won't speak up just to
solve it so I just want to be like this
I want to see a better world that I came
into before I died at the end of the day
I don't want to see the world that about
it that was bought into which is
completely changing I think personally
my perspective go in the wrong direction
but I think we gotta start V defining
what society would really matters in
society to us to get that sort of shift
in mindset about what we need to do with
our lives needs to come from within us
and that's not gonna happen
through emotional transformation which
is building compassion empathy now how
do you get to that stage acts of
kindness good deeds NGOs doing small
things for other people of course I
think stories really send a message
across where you really engage you
people and the best form I believe in
doing that is through art which is your
film but you capture audiences capture
mindsets understand people and you
transmit that that's how you capture
marks I mean that's one way of doing it
I'm not suggesting anything concrete
here what I'm suggesting is something
that gets people start thinking about
reflecting in their own lives because
the CMOS change you got to have a mass
movement yeah so I think the best medium
is film and if you create some sort of
thumb which is about connection about
people about inspiration about
transforming so it's just about creating
more content which which actually people
can feel something from fuck's mine you
guys like really like you touched my
heart and you squeezed it and you made a
pizza out of it right but since this is
one is this
this is one of the first countries in
the Middle East that you're visiting
with Solvay right so there's something I
want to say outside to the world as a
girl from the Middle East this is like
solving international and to everyone
out here I feel like there's a big world
movement that's happening and it's very
dangerous which is racism spreading
hatred is very very bad and it affects
people a lot physically emotionally
educationally everything we and the
Middle East are not as bad as we are
portrayed and everything else all the
media's media is out there the news or
movies or whatever we're not that bad
and what I would call out for myself and
everyone else is a call for
understanding conversation because I'm
conversation so much goes away I can
judge you so much by looking at you and
that can cause me hurt you or not be
friends with you or whatever and imagine
if I actually had so many messages to
not like you I don't want to feel like I
cannot travel easily because I have the
hijab on I don't want to get hit looks I
don't want to get treated in a racist
way I don't want that each and every one
of us can make something but if you're
not a middle-eastern
if you're not an Arab or Muslim you can
say you're honest too experienced with
how people were here and if you are an
Arab and with the Middle East and then
speak up more than any age we should
speak up today because it's just a hate
crime and with with hate countries go
and things go which is you know the
saying make love not war this is not
cheesy this is actually what we should
be doing so thank you guys for doing
this conversation is big Thank You Louie
thank you Dave thank you everyone we
just left a venue that was amazing thank
you guys who came along just a lot to
take in a lot of amazing story shared
and we started coming up with some cool
ideas and hearing some cool solutions
and we're going to continue that and
hopefully some of the guys who met and I
are going to
a little video ideas for for the soul V
thing at the end of the month but now
here's dinner time I'm jumping in with -
we're going to go to get some Indian
food how did you think tonight when it
was very emotional yeah a lot of people
were opening it up so slowly slow sleep
I can so many people were talking and
talking and it was hard to like stop
them
yeah okay this session should antes it
was taking look took for four hours yeah
four hours yeah banana we're hungry
going to about someone else join the
party it's Aziz bin baz are you doing we
speak Arabic Atta Chloe Hayden will
appear Kendall of yeah I don't know what
he's saying hey first off thanks for
everything thanks for hosting us and
being amazing guys those you that are
interested in Haber and her travels
she's traveling the world having
adventures and sharing a bit of her
perspective and her cultures though I
would love it if you guys wanted to go
and check her channel out I'll link it
below and go and show us in LA I was
just had a little bit dessert and a
special Dubai and tea and now as is his
friends as just showing up in like some
kind of Batmobile whoa it's a
transformer or yes a transformer that's
what it is and he just took the roof off
the car so Louise pineapple head can fit
in it
you get in Louie play took the roof off
just so you can fit your head in it just
create it
Ali is inviting me to come as a
passenger in his little boy car thing
yes okay see you later Larry Craig it's
been nice knowing you bro
peace out enjoy life you live the
adventure bro oh my golly
you
bro I thought you were definitely gone I
thought you would lived your final
adventure
his Dave's guy he looks like buddy's
about that
good bye
did you see that guys that's exactly
waited to me he bolted through the speed
cameras fast as he could set it off how
thick is that yes bro that was really
fun
Haley that was awesome well somehow
we've stayed up till 4 a.m. again even
though we have to leave here at 7:30 in
the morning to go to the airport but it
is Dubai and you know been bestest
friend Ali boy is that my bill and it
just all got a bit out of hand so we're
going to try to sleep for a few hours
tomorrow we are heading to New Delhi in
India yeah I'm looking forward to all
the other destinations but I probably
should have a little bit of sleep there
see in the morning
peace out enjoy life you live the
adventure boom
