good morning guys we've just left
Steve's house we crush our last night
when we arrived and we now are heading
out for lunch with some girls and maybe
guys we don't know based on connects to
the youtuber from Dubai and yeah you
still tickles me up and tell her a
little bit about the Sultan project hey
hey gray nice to meet you thank you
where are we - we are in Old Town - bye
bye Sakia which shows which you have to
buy museum and shows you the old side of
the why which is really cool see ya
we've arrived at the restaurant what's
this restaurant called bindi has to be
Arabian Tea House Cafe this is how fer
this is in US and this is it in tears
I'm I'm very quite bad at names
yeah it's really cool guys check how
awesome this place is so this is called
wood yeah it's like the Arab everything
you don't like your height so usually
men or women they actually today yeah
you gettin choked out beside it and they
do this or like Oh on anybody on your
body as beckii clothes and things like
that it's gone get it get it don't get
it
get that Louie only we get that get that
you need back you need but you still
need to shower breath like a good yeah
it's not a replacement yeah yeah yeah
that's it so high we say hello in Arabic
is so many different ways but one of
them is Salam Salam Salam or said Mr
alaikum o damaja
might help us welcome Salaam alaikum
alaikum Salam already some bamboo and
alaykum
ah
cheers Cheers
you don't do Cheers
okay but what do you do with like
champagne or something
are you drinking what do you say scepter
sector bus beset cut the sector it
hasn't happen okay shake this beast out
got falafel
they don't call what is cool these are
some some boosters not samosas
I look like samosas to me see you later
on nice to meet you man
what we have to shoot or lunch was
amazing all right and as it's kindly
offered to drive us to our radio
interview what radio station is it you
know um I'm not quite sure yeah I'm sure
we'll find out soon
so we've arrived at this big conference
like exhibition thing and this is where
the radio show I guess they're doing
like a little pop-up radio show here and
we're on time I think we on time well
you know kinda miss our salat that
counts
what's the radio show date to buy I do
buy i buy radio station 103.8 thank you
and on these on the radio
yes welcome back to the ticket on dubai
i and steven bond still with us from
destinations in the world news silly you
can't get rid of me thank you for
sticking around and you brought in some
very special guests this afternoon sorry
about that
would you dead excited about no don't be
sorry it's the best thing we've ever
done on this show
Lily call is here you might know him
from Instagram fun for Louie might also
know him from YouTube hello hello and
you brought along Dave Erasmus as well
thank you very me and you're welcome
like thank you for coming along now
you're here for a specific reason in
Dubai in the UAE and I want you to tell
us all about it okay right so as you
know I've been running a YouTube channel
from that me and David been friends for
years and last year we conceived this
concept that well firstly I want to do
something positive with a flat platform
I've built and secondly we realize we
don't have all the answers if we
probably don't have any answers in terms
of tackling some of the big world issues
and how we can make the world around us
a better place so we thought well maybe
some of the other people watching my
videos or the audience or people beyond
that have amazing ideas have well
changing ideas but their voices aren't
heard they have no 'pn at forum they
have no connections so we thought why
don't we put the the message out there
that we want to find those people with
world-changing ideas and I guess try and
support them link them into things and
yeah maybe even get some financial
backing to help their their dreams
happen at the very end when you find a
winning idea what's going to happen to
that person and that idea ideally great
question we are going to have a cohort a
fellowship of seven that we put in the
spotlight that we're going to try and
get them together try and develop their
ideas further I've been building a group
of mentors that can do Skype sessions
with them we're also going to be giving
them investment our grant basically of
anything between one thousand ten
thousand dollars depending on what funds
we have available and also what funds
their ideas need to get to the next step
but we're going to basically journey
with them and keep helping them try to
develop their thinking their ideas
and see where we get to well there's a
fun little radio interview on the Dave
it's good fun yeah love doing that good
fun I like radios I like yeah so we just
finished that now we're heading off to
do a little video interview thing for
another publication it's yes a day of
trying to the press hopefully getting
the message out there hopefully getting
a few new people along to the jam
session that we're doing hello hey then
I could see you guys in two different
stories probably met we met these guys
last night at the party and now we're
gonna do a little video interview so I'm
Jackson what's on we're here today with
a Louis Cole hello I'm David miss good
see man how's it going guys it's going
very well thank you yeah so last year we
ran a pilot for Sol V which is this
project that we're running this month
looking for people with ideas that could
really change the world we got six out
of ten of the applications were from the
UK in the US which is not representative
of the world at all and we realize
that's where most of Louie's audience is
and that's where most of the attention
gets given from the youtubers that have
influenced so we tried to design a tour
that would really put our money where
our mouth is and saying that we care
about it being global and inclusive yeah
so we kind of looked at the the map of
where population is and broke it down
kind of by longitude and kind of plotted
a map that would be inclusive of the
seven billion people in the world as
best we could within 30 days and you
need to go to solve EECOM where you can
read a bit more about it and sol ve y
comm and it's all on that
oh you heard it here what song thanks
dad
so hey thank you so much guys yeah it's
really fun thanks guys thanks for the
interview
so guys we've met back up with NGOs and
Haifa and we go about to meet my friend
tame which I met last I was in Dubai
she's a youtuber here as well we met I
was a burj khalifa i think but we are
about to go for dinner and we're a
little bit late when they'll be late for
her but apparently is this some secret
restaurant we're going to okay day hey
sorry we're so late traffic traffic is
very bad
this is Mohammed he's the manager of the
restaurant what we're gonna do today
we're gonna hide the keys here and the
part especially for you Oh what do you
have to do you have to find the keys we
have to find the case do we have a clue
we have okay what we have to do exactly
you have to follow us yeah on the
snapchat yeah okay
cheeky here we go ready one minute I go
find this stuck in the side of a tree
like that's like a pine tree
that's like inside a palm tree so
basically we'll weave little snaps out
we found the clue and other people are
also trying to find the key to get into
the restaurant so women we're basically
competing to find it
we found the key we got it yes can I see
it
you got okay I got thank you and the
founders are actually two women so well
yeah a woman and when you would add two
woman yeah I'm very thing about these
two ladies is that they're coming up
with an amazing concept of restaurants
on our answer life they just have
amazing smart marketing you know I did
this is cool marketing this is a really
cool we've just been sitting here for a
little bit chatting about about solving
and about what we're doing and tame who
is a big youtuber here in Dubai and in
the Arab world we were just asking her a
little bit about what she'd want to
change to see Dubai flourish more
because tomorrow when we meet people
that's kind of the topic we're going to
be asking what problems they see what
they see working at solutions and then
maybe some ideas of how we make the buy
better yeah Jonas share a little about
what you were saying hey guys this is
Damon philosophy from Dubai actually
when talking about this and seeing the
video of a CEO peon and
solving I thought when I told him to buy
I felt like okay we have free healthcare
we have free education
we're very spoiled he one of the top
happiest countries in the Arab world is
the cities is Dubai but thinking about
the tempt when it comes to females going
out in media doing what I do doing what
Louie do were in different countries but
we are sharing a lot of things in common
like doing vlogging and everything a lot
of girls are really shy they may be
girls out they do want to do it but when
it comes to parents when it comes to the
community when it comes to their
brothers it is it is very difficult for
them to stand out and drink maybe a
vlogger or baby be in media I really
want to change how the girls think about
it you can always do it and limits its
different culture but you still can do
blogging Justin meet new people you can
still learn new things it takes courage
to start it's always the struggle is
always in the beginning when you start
things then things become easier not
because things become easier because you
start believing in yourself and being
more like proud of yourself
e-bye thanks for the lift today is being
another great day I to be honest I think
I'm going to be saying that every day I
think this whole tour is going to be
great it was especially cool to meet
Hafer and tame again if you want to
check out their channels go ahead and
you put some of them might be in Arabic
but if you if you want it they're super
inspirational and yeah we're going to be
hanging out with them again tomorrow for
the big Solvay ideas jam session which
we're holding and we have no idea how
many people are going to show up alright
catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life lifts adventure boom
