so today is the big day today we are
heading off on our global trip and I
haven't packed yet
and I'm really procrastinating and I
haven't got love I've managed to get all
of my belongings and throwing them into
my parents living room so basically
these are all my random things and
clothes and this is a new package I'm
about to open
guys what I have managed to get is an
underwater housing before my rx100 I've
seen some test footage of this guy
underwater in a housing so I think I
think I'm gonna give this a go and one
more thing I got for this underwater
housing is a a red filter I'll show you
the other things I received in the post
so this is one of those domes which
gives you that split underwater shot of
above and below water and I'm going to
actually show you a shot from Rhys
Instagram where they use one of these
and then I got this macro and a red
filter for my GoPro for so and lots of
underwater things I think I've managed
to collect through my dirty laundry
ready to wash my dad's just playing
around some lighting to film some videos
for his channel yeah some videos yeah
let's get a washing machine
daizen due to leave in 10 minutes
I finally got my things together I
thought I'd show you them all out laid
out on the floor before I pack them all
into my bag I did this a few months ago
I thought I'd update you on some little
changes that made to my by packing and
what I'm taking with me this is my main
bag I'm going to try and pack everything
into there are little dividers you can
put in these this bag by I usually do
electronics in there and clothing in
there that's just the way I do it
essentials starting for the top power
sport obviously my wallet is sitting
over there and he split my pocket got my
laptop and cameras and first of all the
rx100 which is a good little backup
camera and awesome for doing things like
last night at a time that's on it while
I was filming some other stuff but three
different GoPros the four silver the
hero4 session and the Hero 3 plus so I'm
gonna take those with me for some fun
other cameras that we've got the the a7
which ones this the a7 r2 and the a7s2
and the lenses I've gotten them are 24
to 240 for my vlogging mainly and then a
Zeiss 1.4 35 mil that I've been playing
around with Austin for photography I've
also brought with me 28 mil to aperture
of 2 with an adapter to make it 22 mil a
2.8 and then I've got another 28 mil
with an average of 2 with an adapter for
16 mil at 3.5 they do like all the
technical stats this gives me a full
charge of my backup Pro this gives me I
think eight charges of my iPhone which
those both fully charged I told him last
night
then I've got four spare and Sony camp
batteries for these cameras got one
spare for my rx100 hard drives I've got
two two terabyte hard drives in here
another two terabyte hard drive here
with some stuff on I need this external
mic this little
rode videomicro mic which is pretty
awesome now this is the big thing I've
changed with my packing is I used to
carry around a six-way English plug
extension lead but now I carry around a
six-way American plug extension lead
it's about a third of the size and I can
still charge everything I need these are
obviously little iPhone charges I can
plug it in with using these multi global
adapter things and yeah I'm finding this
is gonna shrink my packing down a bit so
I can fit more on my bag that's pretty
much here I've got a little selfie stick
cool tripod another selfie stick thing
and the lighting stand for my 360 camera
which is in here and which I forgot to
tell you about this for gopro hero4
black sand there that rig with the with
a lens what they use these are like 185
degree fisheye lenses custom ones a
little yeah and then these little GoPro
battery charges I'm gonna put my camera
equipment in this bag so I can have that
handy and I'm going to take this bag for
day trips and attach it to the side of
that and then other than that I'm just
gonna grab a few clothes so I put a few
clothes aside in there that I'm gonna
pack I'm finally packed and ready to go
only 25 minutes later than I should have
left but oh it's fine we still got
plenty of time
my dad has popped up brought my bags in
and we're gonna go and find Dave he's
here with his parents has just been
dropped off hello good to see ya good
all right the parents are off see you
later parents all right time to check in
Dave sad goodbyes there get on parents
they do that they hello boys where are
you guys off to yeah amazing have a good
time bye right we've got a power sports
we got off visas and now we have our
boarding passes here ready for the state
this is the beginning no crazy I've just
been sitting in the lounge for like
feels like maybe an hour and a half and
we've just starting really stupid
it says all flights closing we were just
too chilled and it says our gates like
for 15-minute walk boy but it's closed
narrow day today we could have we could
have fluff this up
yes / the upright
but I think we made it I think we made
it thank you
good news guys we didn't miss our first
flight we were very close but we didn't
miss it
I am swaying it out to the maximum is
the last thing you want to be when you
get in the plane sweaty so the solfege
trip has begun we are on our way to an
astable bar in Ethiopia this is the
first time I've been there and I'm
looking forward to exploring but also
meeting people in Ethiopia that want to
make a difference have ideas to change
the world or at least want to meet to do
that and so as you know if you
understand what we're doing with this
whole story tour is we're wanting to
meet groups and people
all over the world and kind of start a
conversation and hopefully there's going
to be some people with solutions to some
of the world's problems that we some of
which we don't even know about but
anyway that's the whole idea this video
if I calculate correctly we'll be
dropping the morning of the event that
we're doing in Ethiopia so as I'm a few
days behind so if you're watching this
now we're going to be meeting today at
5:00 p.m. all the information for the
different meetings that we're doing like
the little group video else we're doing
is linked below you go to the Soviet
side now whether you're there or what
are the other locations or maybe you're
just watching from somewhere else in the
world
and you want to know a little bit about
what we're doing a little bit more about
what we're doing the soul V site is up
with some links to some interesting
reading materials of videos stuff that
Dave's been collecting over the last few
years just to kind of get you thinking
outside the box and it's to inspire you
so ya go and check some of that stuff
out and hopefully we can yeah we can
start
working on solutions together guys to
make a difference I'm really excited to
get to see what this whole trip you know
what comes from this whole trip I think
we have no idea at this point what the
end result is going to be but yeah I'm
just I'm super excited so there you go
I'll see you in the morning we're gonna
do a bit of exploring and yeah please do
watch the videos from this month in
particular because there's going to be
some epic epic things happening we're
going to be meeting severe big heavy
people right I'll catch you in the
morning is we're landing peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
