good morning guys I mean Dave just went
down to get a little coffee and also had
to buy some more credit for the internet
because we used way too much Internet
and then we're going to meet Caleb in a
minute get some food and then head off
to this project that he's been working
out which is quite exciting I'll tell
you all about it in a minute so Louie
made a good point yesterday after our
event we were thinking about what
happened and it wasn't all that
structured and organized because it was
our first one but the one thing he said
that we didn't really facilitate
discussion around was like what other
innovations have you seen that worked in
your country or in the areas that you're
interested in hang on limiting the lens
and he was right we didn't really talk
about it so today caleb is going to take
us to the waste and to energy business
that he's working on and we're going to
try and see that and hopefully get these
guys have been inspired by what they see
all right Caleb has arrived good enough
ah Caleb tell us about the project we're
gonna go and see today yeah sure so
we're building on Africa's first
waste-to-energy facility
so the idea is when complete we will
take 95% of the city's waste and
transform it into 35% of its energy so
pretty big project
Meem got with a soul b crew we've melt
with Caleb's friend Sam yo so I do me
the front okay okay so basically as we
drove in you can see these mounds of
just rubbish light with people sifting
through it and you can't really see the
extent of it but Sam was saying these
mounds go like 50 to 70 meters
underground and there's just thousands
of tons of waste that's been
accumulating over the last 50 years in
Addis and yeah this whole project is
aiming to process all of that and turn
it into energy which I think's
incredible that's solving two problems
in one go because obviously you don't
want this weight continuing to pile up
and also we've talked about the last few
days one of the biggest problems in
Ethiopia is the the energy and
electricity cutting out and getting more
consistency there so this is going to
solve a lot of problems and this is an
insane project the scale of this I just
didn't quite grasp when he told us but
this is this is a serious processing
plant
good luck Rastamouse Oh Rastamouse I
should be wearing these all the time I'm
a great car man yes trendy days right
we've got the safety gear on kitted up
ready to roll
what a crazy project to take on I was
not expecting the scale of this yeah
what made you think right we were you
the one that went right we're gonna do
this then we're gonna we're gonna make
this happen
like from nothing yes it was and how did
that come about like you just sitting
around with a friend one day or what no
I actually brought by this area and they
died mean this is this is crap that's
horrible chili lake this is horrible and
now is January of 2012 Wow
and then we started going around the
world and finding expert I knew nothing
about whisker energy wow that's crazy
2012 yep that's not even for us four
years ago yep four years ago yeah
well years ago passed and thought this
is terrible and then now now this crazy
so some of the ideas that you guys are
talking about yesterday that seemed like
tiny little things put it out in the
world four years later oh that's amazing
to see what a bit of ambition and some
drive to want to change something can do
and yeah this is this is a big this is
dreaming big guys
give up and don't
give up and don't
give up and don't
whilst on there though this is capital
munch box basically all the garbage
comes in here and they just incinerate
it apparently in a year from now it will
be a thousand degrees centigrade so we
will never be able to come here again
and they keep oxygen pumpkin in and the
liquid coming out so they can burn
consistently the munch box guys have
squatted scaffolding poles and you know
what that means
it's didgeridoo time
khau Galli
so in 2005 Steve Jobs as Stanford
commencement ceremony at the end of his
speech he said my mighty word advice to
you is be foolish my gaze forward be
foolish and be hungry um and that's it I
mean that's just just encapsulate so
much of what an entrepreneurial spirit
is all about and you know that it's like
you can't
so the foolishness comes with the risk
that you're taking it's a high risk just
a crazy racial plane should be doing it
and you need to be hungry for it
guys let me know what you thought
today's vlog so far it's a little bit
different I don't always take you on
tours of waste facilities but for me I
think it's really exciting because this
is an amazing solution to a massive
problem and for these kids they've come
to join us that obviously came and met
us for the sole be meetup yesterday and
then have come along today seeing a guy
from Ethiopia that's had this dream and
achieving this I don't know I just think
it's it's pretty it's pretty amazing and
it's it's a great follow-up day from
yesterday and it's cooler they're
vlogging it as well and hopefully it's
sparking some yes and ambition thanks a
lot guys so we're trying we're trying I
appreciate it so you can do good yeah
thanks so much for showing us around
give up and don't
the guys we just arrived at another
project which is pretty inspirational
that the women here that is starting a
massive global business from recycling
car tires and making them into shoes so
we're going to go in here at bare fair
story and we're literally just flying
around the world in 30 days connecting
with young people who watch these videos
who care about making a difference in
the world and thinking of new ideas and
then connecting people like yourself and
then trying to like bridge the gap and
really we just wanted you to share your
story with both Louise audience and with
these guys here and have a chance to see
some inspirational figures because I
think when you see role models then it
changes your belief on what you can
achieve as you can see most of the
things that we use is recycled products
there was no money there was no anything
for structure things like that but there
was this big ambition to be able to
create a brand out of nothing today we
have our own brand stores it was
different countries we have more than
300 workers we take my phone is just
right here Neath your town and we're
expanding what do you think like one one
of the biggest hurdles or mistakes or
problems you had to overcome that that
you could offer these guys that could
help in future projects where they try
things I think one of the things that
we're lack of is when we have an idea
because we had four material we have
this kind of very calm kind of
background we don't think about what we
think we don't share our ideas we don't
book to people we're not that great so
what I learned is that it's very very
important to share your ideas with other
people it to learn to have that open
water that helps a lot especially for
kids like you
half-laughs that big ambition guys check
this out Bethlehem is on the front cover
of Forbes as Africa's most successful
women it's amazing this is one of the
products that we make into rolls you can
see all the details the public's it's
when we say it's hundred percent and
amid hundred percent hundred hey you
know how many shoes can one tire mate
this one can make two sorts that's two
pairs yeah
amazingly Bethlehem has offered us all
pair of shoes so we're just picking out
some cheese now what do you think yeah
guys this is so comfortable they're like
slippers just they're like gloves on my
feet oh they're good
alright Caleb's off Salemme what an
incredible day
what's an incredible day bro I think one
of my highlights well the whole day was
incredible but the last bit bitter
meeting Bethlehem finding out that she
was awarded like Africa's most
successful women that was pretty
incredible
please hands uh I'm going to enjoy
wearing these shoes yeah but the whole
day's been been
yeah and lightening isn't it Dave would
you reckon man it was pretty amazing
seeing Bethlehem talking with Martha cuz
it's like now she has this role model
Martha's role model but she didn't know
that the company existed she didn't know
about Martha even as she's down a road
so that feels like a valuable connection
for us to leave them with yeah that's
good sweet right I'm gonna go and edit
I'm yeah lots lots to edit but I'm
loving this trip guys it's good to be
traveling but also with a bit of a
deeper meaning with a purpose and we're
we're enjoying taking you on this
journey with us catch in the morning
peace out
enjoy life little bit bitter
