good afternoon guys is a beautiful day
in Addis Ababa we have left our first
hotel now wandering down to the guest
house we're staying in the next two or
three days
it's gonna be a good day today guys this
is the day which we're like meeting a
bunch of people and hopefully it's a
good conversation soup lentil soup
there's a name for this that we've got
the name right we're back and we're
gonna check out this little roof terrace
where we're gonna be doing off they'll
hang out yeah cuz the Internet there's
only what do we see we saw only 600
people viewing your video is a lot of
smoke you're in the last month yes no
lot so I don't know what's gonna happen
but it just highlights the need flip in
to get Ethiopia on the internet the
internet is bad here mmm
Internet and waste and energy is some of
you may ask why did we choose Ethiopia
and some of the other countries on the
list obviously we haven't chosen the top
like countries that are watching my
videos that would be the UK in the US
and Canada Australia and but yeah we
just wanted to try and connect with
people that aren't usually on that list
and people around the world that don't
often have their voices heard and what
your other criteria for like choosing
the places you go to to be
representative of where the seven
billion people in the world are and
pretty much half of them are in Asia
Africa makes up a billion roughly
Nigeria's most populous with 118
170 million and then we couldn't get in
there so Ethiopia was second on the list
90 million and I'm really glad we came
here
yeah tough place to be but really good
that we hit right it's time
hey guys hello hey thanks for coming
down we have two people guys
two people are showing up which is
better than expected though we're good
we're good
so you guys are gonna be the Ethiopian
representatives today yeah so glad you
came down kind of exciting because this
is the first one we've done so it's kind
of like yeah yeah yeah hey will you tell
me what you told me about like I was
asking why you doing Computer
Engineering yeah the reason why it does
I like to contribute something for our
country a big thing going here in our
country so you like to contribute
something that's why we're doing it and
I'm so thankful you guys came because it
makes all the difference one you know
one or two people versus no people yeah
now we have a connection we know you we
can talk both why don't start a Facebook
so be jam page that's private
yeah and that we invite everyone that
comes to any of the jams we'll invite
them all as members in the app page and
then we've got this forum yeah and then
that's open as well because you guys
have Facebook yeah so the moment if we
start it now they're just before members
yeah and then we'll as we go will grow
you'll be the founders of the page with
us yeah now we're just been here jamming
with these guys Adam and I'm trying to
get his name right how do you yeah how
do you say Heidi is it's been really
cool these guys are studying Computer
Engineering computer science with
graphic design on the side at the
University here in Addis and it's been
really awesome talking with them about
what's going on here and it seems like
Wi-Fi and Internet connectivity the
thing that changes everything
yeah so tell me don't worry you won't
upset him but um why do you watch these
videos okay
I love trouble yet because it was a
price it's very expensive to travel let
alone another country but travel outside
of the city it's expensive so yeah the
only way we can can achieve the dream of
traveling we are by watching your videos
like okay give the satisfaction of
travelling when I which will be just
like I'm I'm at the place you're oh yeah
the rain so this is cool like what would
be the dream what would you love to do I
had no idea to be honest when I was I
think it always changes in life you
always have you have kind of a vague
idea and then something happens or you
meet someone or suddenly you know you
have a bad experience or something you
thought you enjoyed and then yeah kind
of changes your path a little bit isn't
it yeah I always saw is gonna be an
interior designer yeah just designing
bedrooms and stuff and David during the
party is there enough space maybe we
should get or what about those chairs
before you guys arrived we were just
talking about what are some of the
problems you think
Ethiopia's facing what things stand out
to you is yeah this needs improvement as
it you know for the country to flourish
but Ethiopia to be at its best what do
you think needs to happen everything is
the problem of us
ya know late almost for a week no waters
it's what's that how are the powers car
Wow what do you do just sit in your
bedroom when did you last experience
this bike for a few days or something
what yeah good morning
really yeah for me I wish all people
with other ethnic groups the same there
are different ethnic groups and there's
a like competition like internal racism
yeah we're all black and I don't know
why but there are different ideas about
each other each races I don't know why
maybe some of them are light skin or
solar or dark skin and so there are
internal races racism I wish that would
change do you think I know you don't
necessarily like have exact idea of what
you want to do but do you think maybe
you wanna work in like office like in an
NGO or company what is the claim like
what kind of stuff
alright you what do you want to actual
do you want to run the business
yeah and do you study any of that now do
you we would love to stay connected and
also like you know just provide mentors
as well like I have lots of people that
are connected into these spaces like
into the arts or into into business and
energy and stuff like that that I would
love to maybe even set up a Skype call
with that you could talk to about your
ideas so even if we don't pick want to
be one of the final seven like I still
think we can find ways to help develop
ideas and build better connections using
the internet you know well that's a
rat's our little meeting that's pretty
cool pretty cool but we are still with
all the guys move about to go out for
some dinner
you're heading over was the restaurant
name we're going to food family we're
heading out to food family we've just
asked about what the name of the for
feeding someone else isn't it good good
shop Gousha alright we've met back up
with Caleb we're now gonna go and get
food as a lady of Nigeria who's done is
an amazing theater business when she was
told theaters and a lot any money in it
entertainments not got money in it and
she created this like Centre for and now
they've got a show in the West End in
London while they're doing all of this
nuts stuff but she was told it would
work and similarly here the
entertainment industry's really gonna
stop doing that has arrived another one
of these guys I'm so bad at remembering
names of things but I've been told the
name of this like five times but you
only two but what's this thing okay just
took a bite out of this day just done
the same thing yeah right
okay let's go good kicking it go go okay
that was delicious
and that was cool spending the rest of
this evening with these guys we're
heading off now back to the that's the
guest house and that's a wrap Dave that
is a wrap I'm a rapper oh yeah man I'm
so pleased oh I'm so pleased with how it
turned out man
yeah didn't know what was gonna happen
today but the first of many one down
seven more to go I think don't
underestimate what you guys are doing
you really you you're sparking that
conversation and then it's acting like a
catalyst for these guys to go okay
it's possible night maybe can be
something that was the main ended up
being an amazing privilege today just
seeing those guys share their horrible
dreams it was quite emotional and was
sitting at the table watching Caleb talk
to Martha telling her stories that he's
heard of this Nigerian woman that ever
really told couldn't make a theater
company and now she's got a show on West
End in England after she had just voiced
her vulnerable dream for him to share a
story like that it meant a lot to me
because the the salt II project is an
idea that we thought of in our heads you
can kind of imagine how the viewers
might connect and I might be helpful but
tonight was the first night that I
actually saw her come alive
and that's what people connect think you
might not get it up away then maybe it
will help her to do what she wants to do
say it was a good night and I'm excited
for the rest of it it's been a great day
guys
I'm so happy some people showed up to
the little meetup we did and yeah we had
some good conversation we're gonna
continue that conversation tomorrow when
we go and hang out a Caleb and the
others are joining and yeah this is a
great start to the trip see in the
morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
