good morning guys in addis ababa pacific
in addis ababa I got the pronunciation
correct guys that was a pleasurable
experience again do feel like we just
arrived no warning we do have to go to
embassies before we got here we just put
up a switch down they stuck a visa in
there turn around the corner pay $50
done in like five minutes
was my great day yeah it's like they
actually want us in their country I'm
just getting a SIM card so I've got some
internet every country go to this is my
first stop
get that data
I'm my - blood this gentleman has just
told me that there's more than 89
in Ethiopia and the main mother tongue
is a Mohammed and has its own simple so
check them out which I've never seen
before
but 80 languages from that is next level
the Internet is pretty slow guys but we
made it bro we made it that it's all
right there might be Wi-Fi bro because a
little birdie and all maybe well I'm
hoping he found the taxi driver whoa is
that I sexy that is no this is all sexy
well we've arrived we managed to get
someone to stay for the day with it's
only like 7:00 a.m. so that's pretty
good because usually after checking it
like - so I'm just going to sleep for a
couple of hours but we're thinking maybe
before we do that we should go down and
get breakfast guys before we sleep we've
decided to get a.m. oh it's not going
we've decided to get another SIM cards
because the one I got from the airport
was really slow so we're trying to get a
4G SIM guard and we need to go now
because the shops going to close so
people tell em more telecom the telecom
shop you know
guys I'm about to blow your mind because
mine and Dave's might have just been
blown right I never knew this in
Ethiopia the year is not 2016 the year
is 2008
I can't even quite believe that the
words I'm saying but it also it's not
even April 4 this is a serious reality
and to prove it here's a nice flavour
this is this is like this week's
newspaper I guess or look 2008 it's
because they don't run on a normal
calendar or a Gregorian calendar they've
run on a different calendar system so
it's a completely different thing but
that is that is the date here so we've
just gone back in time eight years guys
before we go just want to show you how
rad his car is is the Friday's taxi they
don't get little fight over that guy
yeah thank you guys
check out this sticker in the other way
our world's best tourist destination
2015 favorite cultural destination as
voted by the European Council on tourism
and trade we have been missing out or
I'm excited to see so guys one more
thing before I mean they finally get
some sleep and because of time zones and
stuff we are making a Skype call right
now a lot of you've been asking what
happened to one wave the guys that we
brought out from Australia to VidCon
last year's part the SOL V and kind of
the first trial stuff we were doing and
we've got Joel on skype right now and
he's going to give us a little bit of an
update
yeah and we're good we just landed and
Ethiopia bro I'm looking so forward to
seeing what you guys actually see you
into that six days I'll be with tonight
yeah thanks man tell us what you've been
up to what's been going on I was one way
of going oh it's going so well
with you guys over in LA last year for
salvia it's an incredible journey like
you basically kind of call it us into
the 2016 where we've been able to have a
birthday event last week which with 52
pictures around the world so thousands
of people got involved in our event and
it's pretty cool actually you want to
see it I've got a photo right here my
Instagram account we have it at all the
photos of the beaches around the world
and it is so incredibly Schiavone engage
so worldwide globally I think that
thanks to sold me that's made possible
so thanks about to guide your budget
later
so we're gonna keep you guys posted with
what happens this year where you're
gonna be a big part of what we do going
forward we're going to bring you into
the community because you're like the
grandfather's of the soul we project
yeah can't wait I'll keep you posted but
dude you guys are crushing it yeah so
guys if you don't know what we're
talking about here I'm going to check
out one wave on link their stuff
underneath go and check out their
Instagram because they're kind of post
pictures of what they're up to and
different projects happening all over
the place that's the place to go to
support them showing some love and yeah
I'm excited to see more of what they're
doing this is great stuff in it yes good
work Jolie and like yeah let's catch up
like this again real soon sleep Adhamiya
sleepy tan bro sleepy time guys I am
uploading my first youtube video I'm
gonna try and post two today and I've
got my phone tethering so we're all good
time to sleep so Louise in the room
sawing out his vlog and I have popped
over to our next place which we're gonna
try and hold our event tomorrow if
anybody comes I have no idea how many
people there are in Ethiopia watching
the vlogs but I'm gonna do a little bit
of a recce and make sure it's going to
work for us I'm David oh the second date
good thank you yeah let's definitely use
the rooster this is cool this is going
to be great for tomorrow that roof
terrace is awesome
we're totally sorted dark wheat is the
man and we're going to come back here at
three or four o'clock tomorrow get set
up and then for you guys to come and
join at 5:00 p.m. if any of you here I
can't wait to see where anyone's around
all right guys
had a little rest it's meditating we're
just been relaxing this afternoon
Dave took you guys on a little tour of
the place yeah in your place how's that
how's that looking haven't seen here
it's good to look abroad to it and now
we wait for our friends Caleb well
neither of us actually met him but we
found out today that we can change to
online for like the years NDS definitely
happens to be in heaven above us so I'm
gonna go out for dinner with it
trailers going to show us how to eat
Ethiopian style is getting on and if you
fancy another little dip inside else do
I get a chicken ball sitting listening
yeah that's an angry that works the eggs
can I have like yeah okay
here we come
I get this guy yeah this is cool
interrogative form a best finish for
this guy is the rates of the accident
yeah where are you taking us Caleb we
are gonna go to some traditional
Ethiopian
yesterday my friend
gross
is emerged apply extravagant serving of
a coffee I've ever had in my life right
there's like incense and
the lies Ethiopians can dance that was
just that was inspiring
they were you saying about the Ethiopian
dancing in my heros pros honestly it was
a straight up education back at the
hotel even though we spend most of a
resting today
that was incredible Ethiopia is a
fascinating country I think this is
probably it's up there in the most
fascinating countries up into and we've
only been here one day and here's some
facts for you guys
Ethiopia is the birthplace of coffee
it's also I think is this right one of
the only or maybe the only African
country that hasn't been colonized so
there's real rich like historical
culture and I don't know I just think
there's like a culture here that I've
never experienced anywhere before if it
almost feels like I've gone to another
planet like there's not many countries I
go to and really feel like that whoa
like this is so different even something
else we led today you know I'll tell you
about the dates being like a different
we're in a different year they also be
the times different if it's midday in
the UK it's 2 p.m. in Ethiopia but
Ethiopians would say it's like a p.m.
like they have a different time way of
timing the day so my mind is blown but
it is a fun live on a Dave so good you
had your jig alambre yeah I was learning
how to get them shoulders moving and I
just think it's one of the places that
is so unique is so unique it can't see
his own place what a treat
yeah and we're we're looking forward to
meeting some more of you from Ethiopia
and by the time this is that we would
have held our like Jam
set a jam what we can win them I think
jam sessions idea jam session so we
would have met some of you guys but
we're I'm just excited to meet more
people here and you know just learn more
about this country it's amazing I'll
catch you in the morning peace out enjoy
life and limitless
