good afternoon guys I have just got
trained up to Waterloo I've got a few
errands to run today including picking
up my passport in the visa place I'm
gonna go and meet a few people as well
Oh Jimmy I was Sam feel bad that I am
I've got so ill when we were supposed to
be going and having adventures so maybe
I can make up for it today right first
thing on the agenda little meeting with
Warner Brothers see how this goes well
that was cool we just chatted a little
bit about up-and-coming movies and
whether I can get involved with like
behind the scene filming or visiting
steps and stuff and going to red-carpet
events so I'm excited
all right let's go get my visa
thanks to pick up my passport and visa
Louie Cole
yes me that's a two year visa sweet yeah
I wasn't expecting it cool cool guys I'm
so happy to finally have my passport
back this is basically being away from
me for like the whole month and I've met
with Dave he also has his passport back
we have our Chinese visas so relieved
bro so relieved oh I feel naked without
this career doing bit laptop quark and
we're going out today guys because here
I am on Saturday for so we have a little
sleepy in the morning yeah a little
sleepy and then we want to go and see
what's going on Ethiopia yeah put
anything in that hello yeah guys what's
the latency what's the name of the city
and mister Bava addis ababa guides
anything to do in addis ababa that's
nice especially on the first day stuff
that where we can learn about where it's
difficult for people what the challenges
are
so they've hit it off now I've jumped in
a lot over to the shore ditch where I'm
gonna meet up with Sam and hopefully my
friend Jacob we're gonna go in from
Instagram missions but before we do I
need to get this video up like this
hoping Sam you just help me with the
finishing touches here he is
yeah you're going bro we got a little
drink and now before the Sun sets my ink
so before this Sun disappears we're
gonna film the last little bits of my
video which it's just taking forever
this has probably been the the longest
I've ever worked on a video you know
that but the most fulfilling hopefully
yeah hopefully you guys will like it
we just need to yeah find somewhere
quiet to film now apparently sounds
apartment he's staying that's gonna be a
good spot
fight
taemi into the roof I like biggest
monkey ever that's quite far down in
there wherever it's time taking me
yes boy what one also here I think we
got the shot it's a bit annoying because
the Sun went in before we got it but I'm
hoping it's gonna work it's also a
little bit windy up here I just I hope
we got it because I really want to
upload this video in like half an hour
guys I think we've done it I think we've
I think we've got the video done I'm
pressing export now I'm really nervous I
don't know why I know it's a great video
but I just love it
I'll be wanting to show you guys for so
long if you haven't seen it basically
this would have gone up yesterday check
out our game now I'll link it here but
it's it's one of those videos I'm really
proud of so let me know what you think
and share it with all your friends
please just you know post it wherever
you can and also the end of the video is
a link to live the adventure club which
is still like kind of taking shape but
at the moment it's a mailing list you
can just sign up and it's gonna be this
amazing resource for you guys and this
community where we can inspire and
encourage each other to live more
adventurously in our lives because I
don't want to just be showing off what I
do and traveling the world making people
jealous but I want other people to grab
life and by the and yeah go for it and
and live to the max right with now with
the guys
this is Jacob and this is Lawrence and
we are I don't know where we going I
think we go in the Tower Bridge to find
somebody cool to go like a rooftop or
something all right Jacob this snuck us
into this building I'm not gonna show
you where it is easy guys
look at that view of Tower Bridge this
is probably one of the best views I've
ever seen in London got a shard Tower
Bridge
we guess the courage wait look look guys
you're trying to guess the code written
on the door and I was like it's
backwards
holy just to let you guys know as well
we there's no sinister intention we are
just trying to get some cool poyomi so
if you feel like we're in a spy movie
to secure this crazy
we're going right to the top we've made
it to the very top con believe we're
here
we were down like how many more floors
like four floors down four or five
floors down that's where we would just
work for now we're like
no arguments no grains no daylight dude
I need that camera that's all me
Leslie
I wanna make Louisa
Jacob is the rooftop photo master we're
just learning from him really
nobody sends them first time to head
down that was amazingly ethnic I can't
believe we got here I'm looking for to
show you guys some instagrams good we're
feeling a little bit lazy we decided
we're gonna talk about the shortage I'm
getting on the DL Boris bikes
come on
I'm regretting not having eaten dinner
I'm very hungry
lucky we're going to the 24-hour bagel
shop and Brick Lane
here we go here we go right a vegetable
samosas onion bhaji we we have stopped
up and off me bye we're leaving Sam bro
the moment comes to an end we are we're
gonna be having some adventures together
though very soon and if you haven't
already go and subscribe to our YouTube
channel he started vlogging now he's
gonna try and do daily is that Alright
he's gonna give it a crack let him know
what do you think of this person it's
already up and there might even be a
vlog up to probably be a second blog up
whether it's an ugly - you see this so
I'm proud of you bro
right before I get to beds I've got a
few things to do I just need to put a
bunch of things on charge I need to
charge of my batteries there's a big tip
for traveling
make sure the night before you go charge
all your batteries so that's what I'm
about today and then in the morning I'm
gonna get a few clothes washed and then
I've got a few cool things I want to
show you that I'm gonna pack for this
trip that I've just bought online and
they've arrived but I'm gonna open them
tomorrow to show you and I'm hopefully
gonna take a little bit lighter because
we're just non-stop moving all month say
yeah I'm gonna think through my packing
and talk you through it tomorrow what an
awesome day I'll see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
