good morning guys I've just arrived in
Brighton gonna be hanging out with Ali
today and his friend Sam and I think
Dave's heading down as well it's a
beautiful day it was raining on the way
here but look at the skies now not a
single cloud all right I found the boys
Alfie and Sam yeah and we are now
walking to get some lunch and to find
Dave we've just arrived that's blooming
lovely days blooming lovely day how you
find him bright and Sam it's your first
time there all beaches the first thing
Sam said he came down he's like we're
going to swim it can I go in you try
view on
get a little cheeky coffee we've just
arrived at our priest office he's not
messing around Lizzy he's not messing
around
good can anyone be these little wheelie
things well they called out they do not
tell you houses to know mostly gone
Larry see if you can do better than me
how can you get your knees on a mic on
I reckon zippy braces Zoe
it's time to ditch the boiler and and I
haven't got chairs
so you've got these obvious chairs he
hasn't made yet so it were trying to
construction
oh my god there's be like a new style of
rollerskates
this is gonna go horribly wrong okay
oh yeah we're trying to trying to build
this hair right now
oh you're right
okay we should reaches
I need took an hour
we've got to Table Tennis Masters about
to have a have a playoff save an outrage
right were you doing Sam what's lucilla
tapes papers at of his hair
they might get after blue run out early
you have to grab it or just stick it out
hey guys so Sam you and today are really
excited to I haven't got here because
her I'm doing my first unboxing so I see
here just being sent back packaged
really poorly about but we're just going
to open it up and see what we've got
I'm just gonna go for it
so let me see our genes then Alfie
it's pretty nice so I just like to thank
YouTube for sending me off this package
they have any more please send through
I'm more than happy to unbox it probably
done all our office work you know
working in the office normal office
workers nice well if playing table
tennis and riding around and like
wheeling machines it's work then we'd be
working really hard okay it's time to
Nando's this is the first numbers of
patents of them come vegan concept of
cheeky nandos like this is a cheeky
nandos isn't this has joined us happy
birthday for yesterday Zoey yesterday or
the day before yesterday won't be done
so be done a poo pee somewhere NOLA NOLA
sleeping
hey NOLA sleepy
baby boy lost a table tennis
it's getting late guys evening Sam is
kindly helping me with my montage edit
which guys I promised is coming really
soon like probably like one or two days
I won't make sure personally the earth
he's helping move you guys there is it
basically he's helping me with the pace
of the video that cut the cutting like
the edits cuz I'm not used to these fast
paced edits and he's been hopefully
gonna be helping me do some color
grading on the whole thing and then I
just need to record kind of a final
piece to the whole video which I've been
mulling over the last few months what is
the message and I figured out the
message and I'll be letting you guys
know in a couple of days but this is
gonna be a great video I'm excited about
it I can't wait to share with you guys
it so long it's been a long time coming
we've got a little bit carried away with
our laptop cloth and it's now gone 6
a.m. in the morning this is the latest
I've had for quite a while Sam is a
complete legend he's been helping me
sure when I'm on times really down from
like four and a half minutes that's two
and a half minutes ready for me to do a
little ending to it tomorrow and then
we're gonna do some color grading and
you guys in for a treat we were hoping
to get out tonight and explore a bit
Brighton and do some late night
Instagram missions but I didn't happen
all right I'll see you in in about three
hours
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
