get off clean guys I just jumped in the
car with Dave go we're gonna go in to
visit some old friends to hang out all
the time now I think I think I lost my
vlog to you is was it in Australia or is
it when we go back and hang out I can't
remember but is it Melbourne I think
we're gonna sit down and eat get some
lunch
these had this crazy idea to go
go-karting we're not sure of that well
okay I'm taking a shortcut
we're not sure if they're actually we
know they're open window not sure there
it's got a bailable space yeah ah those
storms went right into my leg
oh it's been late in it so you'd be on
track that I'll fight off at six o'clock
what time is it now oh it's not so bad
noise I hope you find a helmet that fits
me
here we go guys double XL
the team already Dave Emma how do we end
up in today
so hard you know I've ended that so the
girls killed it oh yeah you won you are
in first boys and then the girls you one
day yes right babe um was it the fastest
lap is that is that the fastest lap
thank you
oh yeah know what you days Dave's head
enough and basically it's my mom's
birthday tomorrow and I'm a little bit
late for an evening with my family for
her birthday and the first thing we're
doing is though is this play happening
my old primary school sit this out
wait if you can see that it's in Andrews
it's my primary thank you
you've just been served on Tina I'm here
my dad's grandpa and mum happy birthday
mum it's kind of a random birthday thing
I'm doing that
good
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you
I kind of stitched up my mom a little
bit I told him well that was a very
random night it's actually an amazing
performance I've never had a meal before
in that kind of setting as well with his
there's no real stage you're kind of
amongst the performers and it was
yeah very provoking talking about I
guess some of the injustice happening in
Iran at the moment and the way people
are silenced and dealt with if they
speak out against the government and
stuff
so quite political but yeah it was very
challenging it's cool that liked it and
I've just left my parents and I'm about
to head off to see Ben because this is
his last day in the country he's as fat
as me he does not stick around I think I
don't know where he's heading always
heading back to Cape Town tomorrow so
we're gonna go and get a late night
coffee we've managed to sneak up to our
little secluded area in the Starbucks in
the common services it's got midnight
Benna me we're just saying we should
have bought any boards down what
King I'm in my pinnacle for ages but
I've got one back my parents will have
to save that for another time tomorrow
all right it's time to tuck in we've got
lots of food for laughs all hoping that
Jeeves free bananas guys look I'm trying
to bulk up and trying to eat more be
proud of me guys we just have such a
long and awesome conversation it's now
3:00 a.m. I think and I feel a bit
guilty because I haven't got anything
important on tomorrow but been something
to get ready and fly what you doing
tomorrow
and where you going and for how long
with my accountant he's actually really
cool Sami's he's cool and then I have to
say the motorbike back this is not my
motorbike and then I have to pack five
bags of stuff Airport and my flight is
at 9:30 and then I'm flying down to Cape
Town for like six weeks I think I'm not
gonna see so probably gone when is that
gene-gene right give me a hug
stay tuned and Ben's channel and if you
don't already go over and follow him
because he's just uploaded actually
yesterday sick go and check it out now
they were filming for this thing they're
doing a series and they've got like
multiple cameras in the car and they got
sideswiped car crash full-on it's nuts
but they yeah they caught it on camera
every thankfully everyone was okay half
a million views in like a day and a half
a million views a good 25 hours
the only viral video then go check that
out so I'm gonna include a little link
here and you can watch the crazy car
crash that happens with him and Stephen
those guys yeah there's nuts anyway I'll
see you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
