good afternoon guys with they've just
arrived at Gatwick Airport we're about
to go up to Edinburgh to surprise our
friend Andy you know Andy who across the
channel with him that little boat it's
his birthday I think is it today or
tomorrow something anyway PC here's why
and a couple of people are up there he
has no idea we're coming and so we're
gonna yeah just like bust in tonight and
be like surprise but we're travelling
without passports I've never done this
before I think we need we can travel
with our like driver's licenses cuz
we're in the UK we're not leaving the UK
the reason we haven't got our horses
because they're trying to organize this
massive trip next month where we're
going to be visiting how many countries
fill attendance about nine or ten nine
or 10 countries so we've been trying to
get visas sorted all week something I
haven't told you guys is who were one of
the countries in fact the first country
we were originally planning to visit and
that the one that we announced we were
visiting was Nigeria and we have had a
complete nightmare trying to get into
Nigeria now you have my flippin possible
for over ten days and wanted more and
more and more information I did three
trips into London I didn't use the
agency thing that you use which I should
have done
myself but they were still asking for
like invites from the hotels and then
that wasn't even enough we needed like
someone from Nigeria who we don't know
anyone from Nigeria to invite us in
anyway the long story short is we are
going to Nigeria anymore even though how
it's the first place that we announced
we were going where we go now David well
we were thinking Nigeria because it's
like 170 million people biggest
populated in Africa so then we had a
look and Ethiopia is second on the list
with 90 million so it's easier to get
into well I'm doing the know the
Ethiopian embassy let the thinking are
coming for a few days with my friends to
sample your culture and goodness and
they said yes don't tell us where you're
staying when you arrive and that'll be
great and I've seen a a Nigeria but we
are really really sorry to anybody
that's plan to come and meet us in Lagos
and if you've made any bookings or any
travel arrangements please email me on
hello that's all be calm and we will
make sure that you're not less sure our
pocket or anything like that so please
be let us know it's important that
you're not screwed because we've had to
make change to change what we're yes so
loves me change a plan as of like one
day ago we're now going to Ethiopia so
Dave's going to include the information
I'll link stuff below we're going to
amend the plan and then hopefully if
you're from Ethiopia now you can come
visit we'll see you in addis ababa so
let us know comment below let us know
what we should look out for and come
come along and meet us five PME events
so we put the fool that we're going to
edelbrock the hand Edinburgh we got the
good shares yeah they the second fence
the best ones were gone please all right
there's all about those guys there's a
little tip when you're booking tickets
boys look for these guys
oh yes prop we're in Scotland Scotland
yeah Scotland
well you're from Scotland Brian a
Scottish haven't been in Edinburgh for
like three years of anything I think I
was at the very beginning of this
channel I can't even bury my
double-decker bus here we are again I'm
trying to think if I've ever flown into
Eddie Brock he not flown into Glasgow
we made the table doesn't quite work for
me guys Davis just got there the picture
of the change destination
yeah this is a new design so any of you
that were coming to Lagos on the 3rd
either now come and meet us in Addis
Ababa or if you're from Addis Ababa come
and join us we'd love to see we cannot
get into Legos we're gonna tweet this
from the Sophie wait is there a soul
eater now are we in Babel through it
already you know we get this online so
you can see yeah ok guys we've arrived
this is Michelle and his wife she has
arranged the whole surprise apparently
doesn't have a clue
does he have any idea ok about how to
surprise I hope I think we just I think
we just I don't know strolling in the
bit too casual in it
yeah I did just going to be like John
the cop at the end they surprised
to celebrate with this is a start-over
three-day celebration we've been
chilling back at the house for the
afternoon and we're now heading out to
dinner we've booked a place at the third
best rated restaurant in Edinburgh which
is a Turkish restaurant so we yeah lots
of nice Middle East any kind of food I
think
my food has arrived vegetable kabob and
some other vegetable stuff we're making
plans tomorrow would you reckon Dave to
a normal couple mountain or a hill that
is not about over there
we left the restaurant that guy totally
tricked me into drinking that shot I
thought he was I've always given me a
non-alcoholic drink or something or he's
burning the alcohol off anyway that's
funny with ya now taking their very very
cold walk into town and we're gonna try
to hit up the Jazz bar this is actually
where I came last time I was in
Edinburgh
that was awesome that band is called
what was it King Louie in there was the
band's name it was King Louie into some
things anyway and yeah my favorite tune
was the Jungle Book obviously
yeah great night we decided to not stay
too late because we've got a post
ourselves this weekend and I think a lot
of the gang want to do something
tomorrow morning but apparently were
walking up a hill or something it's been
a funny couple of hours these guys have
been on the whiskey's and we're going to
bed
Dave amia sleeping in here I'm hoping I
can adjust my sleeping pattern a little
bit i've been terrible with sweet guys
have been getting up like midday every
day but tomorrow yeah we're going to try
name to get to brunch 4:11 so I think I
can manage that just means you need to
need to enter better now
but yeah it's gonna be a fun weekend
like I said it's a breeze awesome I'll
try and find some cool little things to
show you and some little tips for
visiting actually yeah let me know below
there's any cool things we should do
some secret little spots and stuff would
be cool to know about yeah see in the
morning peace out enjoy life and lived
adventure
