today I've driven into Hammersmith
London to me out with my friend Clemens
got a few other things that the rest of
the day Vince do on a show later on
think I'm going to be meeting every day
before that but it's another beautiful
day in London a little bit chilly but
all that was really nice guys I finished
my brunch now I then sat in Starbucks
for a couple of hours finishing my vlog
now gonna jump back in my car and heads
see Dave because keeping up London suing
out his Nigerian visa for this this
world trip we're doing next month I
think he's all saw it and finished now
yeah then we're gonna do some planning
those look at the six spot I found for
my iPhone just chill there and it's
doing well
that's money that is made but the
two-year-old at the blank inertia he's
this guy
yes
come up with a bit of a game plan and
learning from Dave these issues to these
kind of things like public speaking and
just be notes communicate well Dave's an
awesome communicator thanks for I need
to learn I'd love to do more stuff I'd
love to do more stuff like not
necessarily on stage but like more
professionally or just more concise
communication rather than just rambling
on I think I'm gonna get better at guys
we've arrived at the studio
the London real studios is Brian he's
about to grill me but before we start
chatting he's offered me some
bulletproof coffee I've never had this
before safe that he's not a fan but well
give this a go I'm being convinced and
being converted
so basically slowly releases the
caffeine is is like boy wasn't stuff
mixed in it I would have truth I taste
that coffee was expecting more of a
creamy buttery taste it was a bit of a
buttery kind of juice the buttery bit
kind of jacket butter up if necessary
Wednesday all right that's all right
cheers guys okay I think everybody's a
rope that's Jimmy yeah yeah water
they're almost a pepper they're trying
to get from clips on that how many
cameras are rolling six rolling noise
like when Chris Eubank started
shadowboxing so as long as you don't
shadow box well this is this is yeah
serious this is serious ready yeah
cool let's do this here we go this is
one real I'm Brian Rose my guest today
is Louie Cole the British YouTube
personality and filmmaker best known for
his daily video blog on the channel fun
for Louis which documents your life and
adventures travelling across the globe
you recently filmed your 1000th vlog and
then adult an audience of millions of
subscribers on YouTube and Instagram
where your video has been watched
hundreds of millions of times you
currently have plans to build an eco
treehouse community and in April and go
on the road with the solving project a
world brainstorming to were to find
compassionate problem solvers in Lagos
Dubai New Delhi Tokyo and Rio de Janeiro
Louie welcome to London
thank you it's the pleasure to be there
you know that deep sense of community
like it seems like that's really
important to you I know you went to to
New Orleans after another Hurricane
Katrina and is that something that your
parents taught you or is that something
that just something inside of you that
you always were like thinking about
other people because when I was in my
teens in my twenties I was just thinking
about me I was just trying to like do
this for me and do that for me I don't
see a lot of younger people that are
already thinking about getting people
off the streets yeah I guess it probably
was started from kind of more of a
church upbringing and having that
community in my life
and because of that as well my parents
they didn't have some close friends and
and in the town I grew up in I have some
friends of my age that I'm still very
close friends with so I think I just had
a strong friendship grew that I guess
initially was for Mother Church
connection but having people that I
guess 'sir on some on some ways on a
similar wavelength to you in the way you
think and we believe I think that helped
a lot I think the challenge I've been
dealing with is with a pace I've been
keeping up with am I really giving
myself the headspace to dream and to
plan and to be more conscious and more
president and I think at times I thought
I think at times I'm very caught up in
where I am
how am I going to document this in a
beautiful way I share it and then it
excellently rolled with over again boom
boom and then recently I'm in a new
relationship I've got a girlfriend
that's a whole nother thing quite an
oozing to my life I've been single for
70 years and suddenly oh right I've now
got this important house of my life that
I care about and I need to give time to
her attention to her suddenly I'm like
some juggling exploring new places
traveling at the speed I have been
filming all editing every day spending
quality time and then you know I have
found myself not having any headspace so
that's my briefs and Jer last couple of
weeks is like I need to slow down I need
to make that an important thing because
otherwise I'm just gonna get swept up
into this way and it's just gonna direct
me rather than me be intentional and be
like this is what I want to do guys
we've just finished the house along
that's like over two hours of chatting
away kind of lost track of time and
running a little bit late for the next
thing but it was awesome thanks for
having me my pleasure thanks a lot guys
yeah it was it was to see the full thing
I heard a few little clips I showed you
but make sure to go ahead subscribe to
London radio and check out so many other
awesome interviews and videos on the
channel and you know this video might be
up I think we're like five or six weeks
okay and then we'll blast it out -
awesome I'll remember to tell you guys
about it when it comes down as well but
go over now yeah check it out guys I
really enjoyed that interview
I don't know what it was I think because
I'm often my pace of life have talked
about before is a bit it doesn't allow
for a lot of slow thinking a deep kind
of analysis and conversation something
I'm definitely lacking at the moment in
my life where I'm trying to I'm trying
to find more of I'm on that journey
anyway processing all that in
conversation for me just awesome he
Brian at the end said it was them so
much like therapy been able to like talk
about everything and and look at my life
in such a broad way and how I've got to
where I am and thinking and my future
plans and all of that
talking solidly for two hours just left
me very excited about everything well
great it's good to be able to talk and
I'm gonna try and them just set for that
depth of my life a bit more I mean I do
like talking to you guys but there's
something nice about real conversation
where you chewing and Ferrari say yeah I
can't wait for you guys to watch
and now I'm heading unfortunately it
went a bit longer than I planned so
Dave's had to head off I was gonna hang
out Dave now I've got another little
meeting with some people but yeah I
don't know we'll probably find things
fun to do later on Oh check this out in
this wardrobe is actually a secret door
into the rest of the bar like through
there look it just looks like a wardrobe
secret hid in the door that's amazing
isn't it uploading it if you ever find
yourself in shortage you need somewhere
to chill chill in fast Wi-Fi open pyres
so in yesterday's vlog I explained that
I've been feeling a little bit faint and
dizzy when I stood up and someone has
said that it's low iron in my diet and
that they'd experienced the same thing
when they went vegetarian so I just
found out that mushrooms have lots of
iron so I need to be eating more
mushrooms and so I'm gonna stop by the
shop and get some food and I'm gonna buy
a whole box of mushrooms if they have
any mushrooms I'll be alright
tell me there's other things underneath
a dilantin
and guys don't worry I am figuring out
my diet trying to eat more food I think
that's one main problem is I felt great
Kenya I was eating a quite lot but being
back in the UK I'm just lazy and home
alone hour hour and about like you know
I don't have the meals - giggles a lot
of people do is like I'm on it don't
worry with a good diet and start
exercising the wall I think I'm gonna be
some weight back on so I have I have
lost their weight guys did you know
mushrooms with this change 90-page I
think I'm gonna grab two boxes of those
and amongst them down right I'm back
guys and I've eaten my mushrooms
hopefully that's got some iron inside of
my body now I'm not gonna feel his dizzy
right it's bedtime his bedtime
I'll see you in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
