good afternoon guys
we've just finished some lunch today we
are down an amazing park nearby flick a
Historical Park and Cobham copains apart
and I'm with my mom and Grandpa we're
gonna have a little stroll around I'll
show you where I grew up and how
beautiful it is around there
guys look at that cool tree be a cool
tree for a tree house this tree wouldn't
be such a cool tree for a tree house
this building is called the gothic
temple and I think this is my favorite
building and panes of work I hadn't been
here for years but I used to come here
all the time when I was a kid we used to
come on school trips there they always
remember being rushed off like we'd see
it for a second and then like come on
let's go to the next bit but this is my
favorite apparently is built in like
seventeen something I don't know the
exact date years like totally magical
so I was just telling my grandpa's story
of when I came here as a little kid
probably I was like 6 or 7 and I was on
a school trip and it was freezing cold
it's the middle of the winter and I
wasn't dressed up enough I don't think I
had like I don't know I don't think I
had the right coat or something but I
remember just sitting there shivering
just like wishing I could go to the
warmth and my teachers are like stop
misbehaving and celebi's get all my work
we're doing like a little project or
something but I think that's where I
developed my own like phobia of the cold
and that's why I'm always wrapped up
warm and I always go to warm countries
even though I'm half Scottish so I I
should I should be be able to hack the
cold weather a bit more are you ashamed
that I'm half Scottish and trying to
handle the cold no I think I think my my
metabolism has something to do with it
do you find that grandpa with your yeah
that could have happened yes but it was
probably raining but luckily it's nice
and warm today and I'm wrapped up warm
as well I look like I'm on the ski
slopes
one of the things in Paisley Park is
called the crystal grotto
it's closed right now I can't go in but
look how awesome in X I can't go in
there please let me in
next time I guess
here's another little story of my
childhood guys basically when I was
younger like even as young as ten I used
to trespass onto this farm here the
other side of this river and we used to
go off me and my cousin and we'd like
walk off and find like forests to camp
in and we just sleep out on our sleeping
bags and make little campfires and
sometimes would stay out for the whole
weekend a lot of fun it's actually
really nice walking around here because
I'm getting some cool ideas about the
kind of land I would love to buy and
hopefully me and Dave were gonna be
going in on this together
maybe a friend Andy Dave's very keen on
the lake I think we could make it work
I'm just realizing shanks my mom and
Grandpa who know a lot more about panes
apart but this is a man-made lake and
this is definitely a possibility if we
get some land is to actually make our
own lake on it if it doesn't already
have one
yeah I was up for like three hours last
night working on kind of finding land
and looking at websites and stuff it's
quite a big task I'm gonna be going back
home after this and making some more
phone calls yeah it's an exciting
process
when we arrived here before lunch we
went to buy our tickets and the ladies
selling tickets at the front she used to
be my old school teacher and I was in
primary school I was pretty about 8
years old
her name is mrs. cow so if you're
watching hello nice to see you again
I'm back for my little walk I've just
been sitting now for last two hours
searching for some more land on my
treehouse mission it's a lot of work I
just wanted to point upstairs and show
you how beautiful the light is at the
moment and check this out something
alright time for dinner this is for me
and well it wasn't but you can imagine
what's gonna make my asking my man and
that seems as well
thank you
I'm trying to bulk up a bit off I went a
bit overboard and the beans but I think
a lot of protein there guys
I've edited today's vlog on the day I
filmed it this is the first in a while
I'm actually completely up to date with
my vlogs there is something major I
didn't tell you today yet but I took a
few days off to spend with Raya she is
now left so that's why she suddenly
disappeared she is in absurd am she's
gonna be there for a little while I
don't think we're gonna see each other
for maybe a month and a half unless the
plans change which they often do but
it's been really nice having her this
week stay and I'm looking forward to
taking it to panes of park I'm sad that
she wasn't around today but yeah it was
really nice in my grandpa and when I'm
back here it's always nice spending time
with him and I'm feeling really good
guys I'm feeling like I'm recuperating
from my state of being burnt out like I
was saying even when I was in Kenya I
was managing to restore my energy a
little bit and I'm feeling like I'm
getting some headspace I'm managing to
make plans it's nice that a few plans
are coming together like the land thing
I've been talking about today being able
to start that process and I've still got
a long way to go
I've been posting little facebook
statuses and tweets out today to see if
anyone can help me locate some land but
yeah it's all very exciting I feeling
like yeah I've got some vision for
things I think often the pace of life of
God and I'm kind of going from one place
to the other it's very hard to focus you
know it's quite easy to just to get
caught up in the little thing I'm doing
so I've just really taken this time back
here
the last week or so just to refocus and
think you know what do I want to be
doing as well as traveling and filming
and all this fun what do I really want
to be building and what I want to be
doing so I am gonna be kind of
clarifying that and letting you guys
know as I figure it out but definitely
this project is a big one that's brewing
and I've got a few other cool things
that I'm planning as well tomorrow is
gonna be an exciting day I'm heading up
to do some climbing with Jack Jack
Harry's you probably haven't seen him in
my vlogs for a while but I'm looking
forward to spending some time with him
and just seeing what he's been up to and
yeah I'll see in the morning peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
