good morning guys today is a fantastic
day okay it's a lot better than it has
been the last few days basically just to
update you JP's been over here and know
why who in Honolulu getting the plane
refitted with a bigger fuel tank there's
been a lot of problems this week with
paperwork trying to get stuff signed off
so we can actually fly back to
California on time which is tomorrow and
mood we've got to the literally to the
wire like if we hadn't got this sorted
today I don't think we would have made
it at all like I think we're you know we
don't even want to think what happened
yesterday we were both feeling kind of
kind of sick especially JP like he's
been working so hard this week but
anyway early this morning like 7:00 a.m.
I got woken up by JP on the phone to the
inspector that's been approving kind of
the fuel tank fitted on the plane
signing off and it all got swords last
night we literally were like we had no
idea but it looks like we're good to go
playing inspected I just do it you just
did the test flight how was it
it's the I guess the highest risk flight
we've done so far because it's just over
ocean there's nowhere to divert to say
yeah we've got hope there's no problems
because literally there's no there's no
way to get out of a sticky situation
we've had to get a different kind of
radio to HF radio yeah every good a
high-frequency radio fitted for this
crossing and yeah hopefully earlier
early hours of tomorrow morning we'll be
landing in California and then heading
over to Ken Valley for I think this is
like the pinnacle of the trip I'm like
super nervous for sale today so because
everything we've been doing for us
almost three mullahs santa this is its
this is the climax of it all and I'm
like really excited I've gone from
feeling like sick and worried and
anxious to like super excited but also
very nervous I can't imagine how you're
feeling because this is me and I'm not
none of them the risk my mother have
excited for everything that's coming
after we land in California yeah
especially the takeoff like once we're
flying and everything's our cams cruise
I'm easy but this takeoff is gonna be
it's I've thought about it it's the most
dangerous thing I've ever done in my
life yeah and probably the most
dangerous thing you'll ever be a part of
so yeah that that's just to give you
some context what we're doing a good
today
once we're in the air we're soaring
we're on course I think well that we'll
be able to breathe a sigh of relief
hopefully but what we're saying yes that
jpo is tenable yesterday as well if if
we take off and those problems we're
screwed because we cannot land again for
eight hours like if there was someone to
land an eight hours but like because of
how heavy we are where we are fully
laden with how many liters or gallons of
fuel is there on the plane we have 280
gallons which is about a thousand liters
well I mean that is serious where we're
at thousand five hundred pounds of
weight over what the airplane is
certified to do we have permission to do
that yeah we're test pilots so gonna be
a good day
okay we just JP's rental car off we
managed to get a ton of snacks
we are fully loaded nuts Pringles cereal
was Oreos Red Bull everything
now yeah we're gonna head into the plane
there she is guys Balu is ready ready
and waiting to the slight affair light
we have a lot of snacks guys we this is
a heavy bag of snacks filling up the big
boy
all right dude you ready I'm ready all
right gentle right time and just fly the
airplane
you supply JP that's all you've ever
done
let's take over it right okay here we go
baby
high temperature is it good pressure the
good flirting off
60 knots
70 knots 80 knots because she wants to
fly so when I let her fly I want to just
keep it nice and low
nice low comma tiny
gear up I want to keep a nice alone
okay she's clean crazy shit
that's insanely blue
that is probably some other producers
what a speech yeah I'm so good one so
good one
hey guess what the autopilot well
alright rock-solid
Bob is nice waiting nothing oh it feels
so good it does feel amazing we're
cruising almost 800 feet ago and a level
up for a bit
at this rate uh-huh we're gonna have
negative feel let's see compute data
minus 13 gallops Wow
but we're only doing it under 12 knots
across the ground so that's pretty
impressive actually if you think about
it I need to get this HF radio set up
its sense frequencies to the Atmos like
the top of the atmosphere then it
bounces off the earth again and it's I
pointed guys sitting in San Francisco
with one antenna right now is like super
long wave sanely high frequencies yatris
but that's crazy to look man that's a
fucking long distance how far is it like
two thousand miles
we still have two thousand thirty
thousand thirty miles this is so good
it's exactly what I needed right now
I'm so excited I'm not okay they're
looking off right ahead of us yeah maybe
this excitement will doled out at like
ten hours
oh yeah do try to get California that is
insane that is actually mental do you
get like waves of excitement slaves
anxiety where's the keys excitement like
the blessed thing is I have like cables
running into my ears which makes the
noise canceling keep freaking out so I
keep thinking there's something wrong
but it's all gravy man wondering at what
stage we should try to maybe we should
do a 360 let's do a 360 on our arrival
into so that should we haven't the wing
I think I'll be cooler at the wake of it
yeah sure I'm wondering whether we
should do like a chatty one hey nobody
wants to see us chatting on 360 don't
know because you could look out behind
you okay yeah actually yeah we try it
yeah this was they're still right whoops
we're playing around with so we there's
a birthing carpet 360 were doing and
it's with the new fusion from from GoPro
the best real video we've got a few wing
shots but this is the first proper 360
you should have probably done some
earlier but we had the problem anyway
look around right now guys it is like
three big golden hour the Sun is saying
we're 10,000 feet above the Pacific
Ocean we are
last week this is so fine right now it's
gonna get worse when we get to there
it's gonna so what something important
that's the furthest you can ever be from
any land point that is her caught
whatever their fixes though I feel you
guys we would have left early in the
morning leaving us this batch of light
type in daylight because of paperwork
delays I mean we are so grateful that we
got to leave the day at all but we left
I don't know what was it what p.m. 2:00
p.m. bpm we've got 1724 those coupons
till we get to California
- laughs twelve hours 12 hours that'll
realistically come down
we have realistically about 11 maybe 10
and a half hours left and both of that
now is going to be flying through the
night so it's as if the two better I'm
going to help keep JP awake if he needs
to have little naps I'll keep an eye on
the instruments
I'm a little bit of a problem it's not a
problem it's just me being overly
cautious is when I'm running straight
off the ferry tank so keep getting air
bubbles they're small and they're not
really making engine coffee but I don't
like that and icon I don't know why so
what I'm doing now is I keep running the
right tank halfway down then filling it
up again and then halfway down filling
it up and then while I'm filling it I'm
running on the left tank just to sort of
alleviate any hiccups has me a little
nervous like we are one hour from our
turnaround point but one hour
everything's not all sweet then I'm
going to turn around but everything is
looking good we're building speed I was
actually surprised when we took off the
take-off wasn't as intense as I was
expecting you know it was just a matter
of basically instruments did not matter
it was purely feeling the airplane and
making sure it's it's happy
and Senator November 10 ones Oh Akane of
Omaha Deary
redrew 5:30 can form we are to three
miles from city maintaining 1 0-0 on the
flight level circuit
we are not at all oh that's a good
feeling
oh my god
left three six zero circuit medical case
to create heavy fly heading three zero
two four the dating game for town yeah
this just doesn't see frail no it
doesn't doesn't seem very let's go like
it really it just feels like another
destination that we're arriving it
but this is America this is my lessons
that we went there we were we blew the
loop from there well wait there on the
world
alright let's try and do a night landing
yeah that'll have to do dude all right
I'm actually it's tough I think I'm just
in a bit of like in disbelief I'm like
what you just did that yeah the thing is
gonna take a sec to thinking any more
than a second yeah you can Valley I'll
help ya I think with the yeah the big
big hoo-ha later on today boy like yeah
it like eight hours or something seven
hours I don't like whatever we decide to
roll up Oh stretch Oh
how long was that 13 and a half hours
hours in the air we made it we made it
to California later today we'll be
arriving at the official finish but this
is the this is the this is the big this
is the big kind of like relation
everybody that cares about me should be
asleep right now it's like 2:00 a.m. and
New Zealand and say yeah yeah but
they're all active oh really good Oh
belay you did us proud
right ah after the hotel all right we
are barely functioning as humans right
now we streamed exhaustively yes like so
sassy wicked I'm just so done I just
need to sleep we're gonna sleep for a
few hours hopefully we'll just get just
enough men injury just to push over the
finish line for noon today where am I
going where we go guys I'm gonna sign
out here and then I'll start tomorrow
this Login if here and we wake up and we
are like overwhelmed that we're here but
it's kind of also counteracted with our
tiredness but tomorrow it will be the
day so make sure you tune in whoa peace
out enjoy life live the adventure
