good afternoon guys we've just arrived
in Brighton Breyer has never been to
Brighton before so I'm excited to show
her around and then later on we're gonna
go and hang out with Alfie and Zoe and
grab some food and it's gonna be lovely
today yeah I was going to say his
fitness we're gonna scroll down okay the
beach this is a Pebble Beach
there's no sense welcome to England so I
think we have sandy beaches I don't
often go to the beach in England there's
some nice beaches in the summer though
when I was a kid I only liked pebble
beaches I had this like weird thing
about standby hate is like that Sam's
got everywhere I'm over that now
that's it yeah it's freezing it's
freezing
oh my fingers hurt that's how cold it is
okay go get it
think I'd like to spend more time in
Brighton
I always come down for little day trips
but it'd be cool to stay down here for a
few weeks and really explore it I was
just saying to Raya I could I think I
could live down here I've said it's out
being Zoe before as well I'd like to but
it all depends on this land I'm looking
for guys actually I'm pretty sure I've
asked this before but if anyone has any
context with land owners that are
looking to sell patches of land
preferably not Greenbelt I was just
chatting to my friend she knows a lot
about land permissions but I've realized
I'm looking for agricultural land
preferably with like some kind of
stables or something already on it
building already on it and with access
and I'm only looking for like an acre or
less so with forest oh yeah these trees
as well there's a bit more tree houses
so you know we'll have a big patch in
your garden maybe you've got a massive
garden and yeah that'd be that'd be cool
and I can and I can live my dream of
this really is awesome it looks like a
crazy kind of Aztec design but if you
look closely to a lot decks and
electronics and stuff there
it's amazing what this egos are crazy
right and it is full of cute little
vintage shops with nice little things
that you might want to burn your bedroom
bar because I don't have a bedroom kind
of hug anything buff when we go to
decorate the tree
I'm gonna get a lot and stuff here I
think I want to keep it quite often it
can like natural-looking where then with
some cute little vintage add-ons like
nice little coffee pots and those like
camping bar
we've just walked back down seafront
we're gonna go along the pier who just
got it about ten million birds flying
around you've got to see this
guys check this out
can you see that what
how crazy is that it looks like there
are like dancing
I probably even use this word but this
is fairly magical this is pretty magical
isn't this fellow earnest fairytale
it looks a fluid it looks like a wave
this is so ridiculous
we just did the key Delphi a shoot on
the beach but I'll see a soaking because
look so hopefully help he's got some
spare socks no feet wet Raya just gonna
see Alfie Zoe and Nala
we've arrived hey NOLA rise like
assessment dogs face is good away
disorder pieces what's not again smart
pizzas have arrived guys look at my P to
the bottom this is how many extra
ingredients I got edit and then one
taken off oh yeah that was the pineapple
no pineapple guys look at all the
vegetables I don't even know what's in
there artichoke red onion basil
mushrooms chicken no joking we're
hearing Zoe's American accent yeah cuz
I'm terrible at accents yeah okay okay
are you thirsty first
give me a vegan pizza no cheese all the
vegetables yeah give me all the
vegetables give me eggs imaginable kids
would look like you with my face though
he may have just realized we have the
exact same hairstyle I know I think
these are all the ranges they're coming
back in every way
Raya I think you should I think we
should get a new headband you think I'm
going to come off the worst out of all
of this yes remember whatever no it's
not high enough with no I start every
any trade yeah and then everyone will
just follow a little is good I don't
think I don't follow me do not doing
this fun you're not doing the phone you
want an affair you've got nothing you
want for your ears no guys we just
decide to surrender me you now I don't
the new now at over a year we haven't we
deliberately not tweeted or snapchat
about this and so I guess what they get
alerted yeah we're leaving with
letterbox on 2 a.m. which is way past
their bedtime and it's way past no less
bedtime
okay guys we're back it's 4:00 a.m. in
the morning this was not the plan we're
supposed to be going to London tomorrow
and we got editing to do and we got to
sleep so yeah
this I guess we're just gonna get less
sleep tonight but we've we're gonna have
a fun day in London that is the plan
before I go I just wanted you guys to
see this really good vlog I did but I
don't think it went to people who sub
boxes because it's literally got no
views but it's this hot air balloon
safari love to check yourself it's the
one I did before we left Kenya and this
is probably like a week ago but it was
so epic we literally went above and like
we went up in the in a hot-air balloon
and it was pretty awesome and the Sun
rose and stuff anyway
I'm gonna link that guys below if you
haven't seen it is it's one of my like
the vlogs I really really loved filming
and editing so please check it out if
you haven't and yeah tonight was awesome
it's so good to stay off IANS OE
it's nice as well knowing that I'm not
rushing off again somewhere else like
tomorrow like I usually am I just like
see him for like once every three months
but it's good that I'm gonna be hanging
out with Alfie next week and seeing him
again and actually getting to spend
proper time in this month I'm happy
about that I see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
