we have come down to this
two little pub nearby to get some lunch
with Dave he's just got back from
America me and him are hanging out today
he wanted to see where I just come down
as well
yeah yeah it sure looks jacket right how
is America
maybe yeah it's very fantasy the rain
has stopped yeah blue skies listen you
know you saw it out of the hot tub the
other day what what did you just say oh
hey have you got good news for us or bad
news for us I really hope the hot tubs
working I really do hope that would be
delightful wouldn't it here would be
everything nice like some cash into that
in it yeah hello sir no okay well they
had those under neither good words okay
thank you for you know it's worth
bringing us back to reality me me and
Dave had a very exciting chat I was
having coffee and although we trying to
head back to his hot tub now we're gonna
go and pick up his car and then head
back to his house
scheming these aren't secrets but
they're just not formed enough to make
any announcements yet but there's some
cool things in the pipeline and we were
chatting about the whole soli thing
which I'm sure you know I saw the video
I cut out the weakest link sometimes
house and him and Matt are having a
little showdown hallo old school didn't
this come out like 10 years ago
oh yeah it's a classic name I'm 400
games in and I was not one once keep
going
yeah that is that that's dedication yeah
it's Dave's swing yeah gaming with Lily
don't film that one oh yeah why I just
called to say that she's coming back
from London and I'm gonna go people
after the train station say I'm gonna go
clean up from servitude and then we're
gonna swing past one of my favorite
curry houses the way home so he gets Hey
I steal time in London check this out
vegetable Tarly that's impressive isn't
it I'm gonna finish it all a bit apart
from this which looks like yoghurt yeah
so guys I was telling roaring there that
this place hasn't changed literally for
years like I think I first came here
when I was like 15 or 16 so then we were
chatting to the waiter and she asked
when they last kind of like changed the
restaurant like change the decor and he
said it was in 1991 which is actually
before I was born so I thought I was
kind of funny but he still said business
is good if it ain't broke why change it
we just got back and we decided we're
gonna play some games together family
games I know this games cold but it
involves clean a clean table in rows the
table being clean I promised my parents
house is really clean and tidy all the
time
so I knew myself or I do with the right
happy happy happy
what is this called Bananagrams I got
rice
so that's your way now we carry on
turning it one at a time and you're
doing it collections but you can mess
mine up Mike if you find is Royston yeah
but can I do that so I can say Royston I
know that word because of Breaking Bad
since the poison 63 I wasn't told how
you know it's just the taken partly
cancers so the games are finished for
this evening although I'm pretty sure
can have some rematches because Pryor
was a little bit unhappy before we get
to bed I thought I'd include some of the
answers you guys gave to last week's
question which I've forgotten I'd love
to know what you see is your biggest
strength
and your biggest weakness so just push
it back biggest strength and biggest
weakness hey Louie my biggest strength
is that I am I'm quite empathic towards
other people I like to put myself in
other people's shoes and help them out
when they were in need but it also fall
under my my biggest weakness as well
because although I'll listen to other
people and give them advice I don't
speak about my own feelings much to
people I tend to bottle things up which
isn't that which isn't good I'm taking
my distances this year and I'm scared
I'm not ever gonna pass I would say one
of my biggest strengths is that I'm very
creative creative I love doing
photography and I've got a massive
passion for dance which I'm hopefully
going to pursue in college next year
I feel my biggest strength is my
personality I have a tremendous thirst
for knowledge and a talent for staying
positive but I feel my biggest weakness
is also my personality I tend to be
quite stressed and obsessive-compulsive
but I've learned to accept love and
embrace these things about myself and
just try and be the best me I can be my
biggest strengths I feel about myself is
that I can look for the best in people
and think that people are not bad and
also the weakness I feel is I don't want
to give my trust to somebody and then
they throw it all away and wasting my
time I would say that my biggest
strength is my kindness and compassion
and just general open-mindedness towards
others and my biggest weakness is my
lack of self-confidence I think my
biggest strength is never giving up and
it might also be my weakness because I
don't know when to stop one of my
strengths is not being a follower I'm
not afraid to stare away from the group
to do things that I want to do and
things that I enjoy but this is also a
weakness because
I tend to spend quite a lot of time
alone and out of the group of people
thanks guys for sending those answers in
this week's question where I came up
with was the question Riya you could go
back in time once and change one thing
what would it be and don't say the usual
like I'll kill Hitler stuff like tell me
something really interesting whether in
your own life or just in general if you
could go back only one time what would
you change there you go guys that's a
good question right we've got an
exciting day planned tomorrow when
you're going down to Brighton Fry's
never been too bright and so I'm gonna
show around Brighton and then we're
spending the evening with Alfie and Zoe
which would be really nice because I
haven't seen them in ages and yeah we'll
probably just hang in their house and
cook something and maybe even play some
more games right see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
