good afternoon guys me and Raya are
driving into London we're gonna grab
some lunch I've got one thing to do
today which is to get my iphone fixed I
brought that iPhone after I broke mine
in the Ivory Coast and it's been buggy
like you two switching off and stuff so
I'm heading into the Apple Store yeah
then we might find something to get up
to this afternoon here we are guys
Westfield Westfield Shopping Centre
check this car out and that paint job as
well my gosh that's amazing
you found the perfect place for lunch
so I've been desperate for this for like
months literally months in Vietnamese
food
thank you so much hey check this out I
think the place is owned by the
same people as Wagga Mama's because the
drinks will the same this little spoon
is the same and it basically all looks
the same
why does tasting all of our leave
that 1/2 minute
to be fair I have no idea what this is
does it taste good it's time for my
Genius Bar appointment
hopefully gonna get this replace fixed
or something
got a Genius Bar appointment guys
exciting these got brand new iPhone
six-plus success plus they replaced them
with a scandi brand new one so
I have to wait three hours because
they're going to repair this screen
they're gonna repair the screen of my
iPhone 6 yeah
and then I might give that to Rio
so guys I have two iPhones now got the
6s plus and the six so in a similar way
to how I ended up with two cameras I've
ended up with two iPhones if you
remember I left this one in that taxi in
the Ivory Coast and then had to buy this
in an emergency on the way home
yeah now I've got two and I think
Briarwood would love this one because
she's only got like an iPhone 5 I think
I'm gonna go find her because she's been
patiently waiting for hours whilst I've
been sorting all this stuff out she's
trying on some more winter clothes Merry
Christmas
Merry Christmas
because he can have a new fame
that it might be too big fear is too big
people's hands know this this is a big
people set got all three together
it's like a family guys check this out
you saw her when we arrived
it's a Tesla charging station how
awesome and futuristic the driveway it's
going to be the future guys organ out
Tesla's or electric cars anyway so
Ryan's still not feeling very well
she she's he'll be worried she might
have malaria but his fear in a malaria
area in the Harriet area without any
tablets and she got quite a few mosquito
bites so we might go to the doctors
tomorrow and just get double check now
it is quite an easy test anyway she's
she's in bed and I just got a hot water
bottle for her and made her a chamomile
tea so we're gonna take up my dad enjoy
your enjoy your marking yeah the life of
a teacher hey I thought your tea is hot
and your hot water bottle how you
feeling
and then tomorrow can go to the doctors
yeah so Rhys all tucked up in bed
recovering hopefully she hasn't got
malaria but we'll find out tomorrow and
before I head to bed I thought I had to
come out and do a little low-light test
with the a7s2
and I thought we could do a little
nighttime tour of Cobham the town I grew
up in and see what kind of footage we
can capture this bad boy so the first
thing I'm noticing in this camera is
that you can just film the stars check
that out
stars and film there's pretty nuts guys
I can't go over this this is gonna
change everything from my nighttime
vlogging you can't understand how dark
it is in this park on the camera it just
looks like it's really well lit but it
is like pitch black in there I'm gonna
move a little wonder see what else we
can uncover it's like having a literally
like I have a night-vision goggles
well guys this is our local village hall
is basically where we all had our
birthday parties when we were like 5 and
opposite is yeah and old people same I
think having grown up in Cobham and for
those of you that have grown up in one
town when you're younger you don't fully
appreciate or see the beauty in that
town but for me now that I've traveled
the world and spent a lot of time away
from Cobham when I do come back to visit
my parents and stuff I think it does
strike me how amazing this place is and
all the things it does have to offer and
I think for you that are stuck in one
place I think it's easy to overlook the
great things our local areas have to
offer and yeah I urge you to just look
for that in your local town and whilst
I'm back here I'm going to be doing that
everyday I may not be adventuring the
world right now but I am I'm gonna be
adventuring the town I grew up in wrong
I'm gonna take you somewhere a little
bit creepy guys this is the local
cemetery and a little walk through here
cuz it's gonna be quite dark
and spooky check it out I think this is
the oldest Street in Cobham check out
some of these buildings you know check
that out
built in 1432 getting all nostalgic
walking around Cobham at night I haven't
done this in probably 10 years and I
used to used to be quite therapeutic for
me walking around but since I've started
YouTube my pace of life is spread right
up and I haven't had the chance to slow
down and see the beauty in the detail
and I think that's something I want to
do a lot more
well I'm incredibly impressed with this
camera's capability it's made me excited
about vlogging at night let me know what
you think guys whether the quality is
much better whether you know yes and
yeah I'll try and do some other tests
I'll try and see what else this is
capable of tomorrow morning my friend
Harry Hitchens is coming down to
interview me for an episode of his
podcast which I've been trying to do for
months but I keep on leaving the country
so he's there he's coming down tomorrow
it should be fun and and then we're
gonna make some plans for the rest of
the week riah's actually booked flights
to leave to amsterdam on sunday so we're
gonna have the rest of this week
together and then we're parting ways for
a little bit but I'm hoping to show her
some of Cobham and head up into London
and show some my favorite spots and take
you guys with us as well if you know of
any cool places I can take her something
romantic and that'd be pretty cool let
me know in the comments and I see you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
