hey guys so today instead of doing a
normal vlog I thought because it's
Mother's Day this weekend we could do a
Q&A and mother and son Q&A and we're
also filming a video on my mom's channel
which I'll tell you about the end so I
tweeted out and asked you guys what
questions do you want to hear us answer
some directed to my mum and some for
both of us so she's done yeah well there
is one that came up loads in different
wordings but it's basically how do you
feel when Louie is gone nearly all the
time and how do you catch up with each
other
well Larry left home a long time before
he started travelling and you've lived
in about three different houses yeah at
least and my bus yeah I know minibus
yeah so it's not like he's my little son
and now he's long lost he's grown up man
I do often think though when I come back
do you want me to come and like stay
here for a little bit like when I'm not
traveling or should I like going crash
at Dave's house or something it depends
how much stuff you bring with you and
leave around the balloon I am pretty bad
I do use your house as a storage place
so here's another one what good advice
did your mum always give you this is a
kind of bizarre one but I always
remember you saying
don't bother saving money yeah and and I
don't think that was like be reckless we
do spending but I think it was more
don't get too obsessed and focused on
hoarding up money that's not a bit
general advice I would give everybody
like you know don't save your money I
think you particularly were like scared
of spending any money at all yeah and
you just didn't want to spend any of it
and I said look you know this you can do
creative stuff with your money dead to
your mum influence you with your love of
coffee you do love coffee I do but I
don't feel like I started drinking
coffee to the left I'm I don't think I
started drinking coffee till I didn't
like my mid-20s which is quite late I'm
Darcy definitely it's been drinking a
lot of coffee she was like 10
but yeah maybe you did subconsciously
you've influenced Darcy I think yeah
maybe I have one of the questions that a
lot of people asked in different forms
is a question that I think we both get
asked in our channels and I think it's a
really tricky one because you don't want
to get pigeonholed do you and it's about
whether we're religious or not and my
first reaction would be no we're not
religious because to me religion is
about following a set of rules or a set
of beliefs and something that I've said
to you since you were really little is
you've got to have your own experience
your own spiritual experience it's got
to be true to you so I think I describe
it as having a faith and believing that
we're all spiritual and I think I think
our growing up labeling myself a
Christian but I think like my mom said
there's a lot of negative connotations
and there's a lot of things people think
are therefore you must be neat this
you're gonna like judge people and hate
those people and for me I think Jesus
was a pretty awesome guy and I think the
thing I've taken from the upbringing
I've had believing that there's a lot
more to life than just our physical
bodies and just the world we see is I
think it's in part implanted this deeper
kind of love for people around me and to
for myself and for God's and I don't
know I think it's it's a very long
discussion but it's yeah it's something
I value massively you haven't brought me
up with Lilith wait how did you react to
me going homeless on purpose I think
because you were older I had got to that
stage where you know you were
responsible for yourself
so I didn't really worry about you I
don't think I did worry about you I have
I've always felt like you've got to draw
the circle wider and wider in terms of
your kids
allow them to take responsibility but
again it's something that other parents
would say to me how do you feel about
lowering a number that's up to him yeah
it's been the transition like I remember
when I first moved out you sit you see
things online or whatever I need to be
you'd be like worried or you wouldn't or
even with the videos you said somebody's
doing click on cuz you don't know I
didn't watch any of the food for the
videos for Matt oh but you used to make
crazy videos before that yeah you used
to do
jackass videos and jump off bridges into
trees stuff yeah okay here's one enough
for my mom how his mother had changed
you well those of you who've had kids
will know that not me when you when you
have kids you suddenly find resources
you didn't know you had to go go without
sleep and you know wait before you have
kids you think oh I need to sit down and
have a rest now you haven't got a choice
you have to keep going and I had to
sling toddlers and there's a lot of
carrying around so I think it's change
of something and you mentally a bit like
when you do you know the ziplining and
stuff that we did in the jungle oh yeah
the first time I ever did anything like
that I feel like it changed something in
my brain that made me feel like I was
slightly more invincible than I thought
I was but being a mum is like that you
realize you can actually push yourself
further than you thought you could and
find the resources and problem-solve in
loads more ways than you ever imagined
okay well I'm looking forward to that
phase of my life
not being a mum but being a parent I
think that will change everything so the
final question today is what's your
favorite food well I think we both like
spicy food yeah I guess that's where
I've got my love spicy food from yeah
we've always eaten Indian Indians very
popular in the UK you don't know but we
cooked it home probably done love
cooking at home
thai dishes dad does a lot of kind of I
miss a lot of the home cooking actually
because I'm always in the game or he's
eating out and that actually fits in
quite well with the vegan thing is easy
to cook vegan Indian food with lots of
beans and pulses and spice it up oh yeah
here's a question it's for me how have
you felt with the change in lifestyle
and diet I've had recently I think it's
cool I've been a bit worried about your
weight yeah but even before that you
were struggling to keep weight on when
you say high metabolism problems guys
I'm carrying around all over the place
and I but I think the reason that you've
done it for for the environmental-impact
thing I think is you know challenges me
as well mm-hmm but I don't think I could
make such a sudden switch as you made
yeah I think I'm quite I have an extreme
personality and I think I'd do things in
extremes right so he's enjoyed learning
a bit more about my mom and me and our
family and yeah we filmed a video which
was more of a set like questions
mother and son tag on my mum's channel
so head over there check it out and
subscribe to her she makes cool little
videos and I love that you're doing
YouTube to everyone in the family have a
channel basically so I will see tomorrow
guys what's out enjoy your life live the
adventure
boom
