it's a very late start for today's vlog
me and Raya been working all day she's
been doing an awesome edit of the latest
video and I've been sorting out some
visas for this big world trip I'm doing
next month and I've been looking at
plots of land to build the tree houses
and I've been doing some editing as well
so we're all done now and we're about to
drive up to London we're going to go
meet Evan and Jay Lucy and Hannah some
dinner and for some fun look at this car
it's just be left we slammed slammed
into the lamppost oh there are some
terrible drivers out there I mean I'm
making a lot of assumptions there maybe
maybe it wasn't their fault but still
fellow crazy I hope everyone
you
well they literally took like two hours
to drive in I found some parking this
time to eat
we're meeting Peter Express
yeah so Friday night we're going to
fight like
hello sorry we're so late sorry we're so
late okay we're done with dinner and
Evan is leading us to a place with ice
cream
apparently is like the best ice cream in
the world and for me it's good because
they do vegan ice cream so I'm very
excited about this I don't get the ice
cream bottom nowadays so we're going off
on a mission
he said it's Evan how far away is it
it's six minutes is that a real six
minutes that is the Google Maps minute
okay gelato we found it six minutes
I was deceived a little bit there wasn't
any vegan ice cream but there was some
an amazing sorbet I got bits of
chocolate and raspberry a little coffee
as well we're just trying to figure out
where we can chill and meet us now
there's no seats inside check this kid
shoes out bar knows the best things ever
I love your shoes great shoes
so the consensus is we are going to go
back to Evans flat he lives in box'll
I'm not going to tell you his address
because you know
and that's deciding to filter up the
tube this isn't vandalism this is
verification
everyone is very disparaging we're doing
a youtuber house tool this is Evans
place this is where he films all these
YouTube videos check out the light sir
well done that's fun
I say sinks the sink no you can't thank
you this you have an app and you're fine
orange purple we need this in the
treehouse
we need this is a trainer we're playing
games again guys we're playing animal
mineral vegetable and it's Roy's guy
yeah animal is another thing you have No
is this something you want I mean like
yeah but it can't happen so we're now
playing the game where you can become
president the card game you know the
world and I I just got deep fryers badly
and now I'm like the worst I'm like the
bottom yes a bad because there's more
than four of us we like skipping turns
on me when we lose so I'm just watching
up I was president you have it for three
I know
now I'm president yeah she does make a
better president
oh we finished the games everyone's off
again - later bro see it right
I see ah yeah soon yeah sure so we're
going to take a nice little stroll back
to Soho it's really nice because I
haven't walked this far along this side
of the river before so you get completed
from the perspectives of London it's
quite misty tonight the looks and crazy
there's like a haze gets out
just in a cheeky little time-lapse yes
Big Ben
is so tranquil in London tonight this is
lovely
I then often walk around in central
London this Lane and I'm surprised
because it's a Friday night I would have
thought would be a bit crazier but it's
probably going to get crazy when we get
so high but we've taken like an hour
just to walk from box well because we
keep stopping and taking photos and
we're getting some awesome ones also I'm
testing the low-light and this camera
again guys I'm actually doing like
straight Paris test with the eighth of
an hour it's it's real good
all right hands off well I'll let you
know oh nice I could see you I'll see
you very soon
yeah well it suddenly got super layout
nowhere so he's still we should head
home rather than I was hoping we could
go to the Troy bar and catch some late
night jazz funk if we did that then it
would be sacrificing our last day
tomorrow is probably a nice evening off
today so I'm going to try and make the
most of it
guys I always do this I walk into a
little shop and I don't know what I won
and I don't got to get in the basket and
then I do this and I like I'm walking
around balancing food try not to drop it
everywhere
let me see one get in this basket
without dropping it oh look at these
skills they right way back I've heated
up my food paper on the fire in the
front room because rise toes turn to
icicles yeah why if your toaster died
Sikorsky it's so cold out so cold
stay for at least an hour things like
this is what happens when you try and
watch luster are four in the morning I
think I've got to finish this season
before I goes again I in that it's 5
a.m. now it is definitely bedtime and
but it's been a good evening it was fun
seeing the other guys and strolling a
bit around London late at night again
because I've spent a lot of time in
London over the years I kind of forget
how beautiful it can be and it was yeah
it was really nice tonight I enjoyed it
right see in the morning
peace out into her life and if Adventure
Bay
