good morning guys it's an exciting day
today Harry and Matt I've come down to
film a little podcast so they're just
taking over the kitchen and they're
setting up all these like Mike stunts
and stuff excited good morning put the
kettle on making picked up at ease cup
of tea anyone yeah yeah two teas coming
off whoa a tool a big pot of coffee okay
how close to on my mouth okay there's a
little technique to these mics mmhmm
yeah I have this next day I think the
last time we tried to do this I just got
back from Sierra Leone and I was ill in
bed for three days with potential Ebola
so that's that's probably the best
reason to not do it we've had we've had
we've had some pretty funny reasons from
from guess in the past oh yeah well I
can't make it that that's a kind of that
wins I think so that's kind of that's
blogging that's your everyday yeah I
can't even flogging is where it ends
what's what's the bigger plan one of the
reasons are back this month is I want to
find some land to buy and build a
treehouse village so that's just this
small lil J animo sighs yes I do dream
it's been a dream of mine for like
probably 10 years okay and yeah and i
finally got few friends and we want to
put some money in and oh my god this
ball rolling so i have a base in the UK
because i feel like the last three years
having no home base I didn't come back
here to my parents and it's been it's
been fun I think it'd be cool to have
someone's coming who is that guy in
America who has a tree house on a skate
skate park right outside of easiness
yeah for foster
I always I tried reaching out to so yeah
no luck but far to be listening yeah hey
wait how many tree house we talking I
mean it will start off with one but
eventually I want to be able to fear and
then maybe I could like rents them out
when I'm not there to like from air B&B
or whatever yes it's quite fun oh my god
guys would just finished the podcast I
think it went well do you think it won't
there really are yeah listen listen to
the podcast yeah months time yeah guys
all them i'll link they're waiting on
soundcloud or why do so and itunes yeah
i'll link will that below anyway and
then you'll just have to wait and i'll
be out next month but it was very fun
enjoy there and i think was semi
comprehendible at this time in the
morning i think i'd had a one copy so
that helps that help we're now heading
up into London Darcy's mentioned that
there's some event going on for
international women's day so we're gonna
head up to the south bank grab some
lunch there should be fun that's my
wallet back see more will it
got our coffees from this awesome little
coffee place be me guys check this out
it's right by um southbank down there
and there's a South place enough Cheers
Dawsey we're here live I don't know
because I can get in me the key man
yes the reason we've come up to London
today is to come along to this festival
thing for the women of the world because
its international women's day so yeah I
think it's happening all week yeah like
eight to the 13th March so we're going
to go in and check this out
hey
Oh Sees filming a little video today
fight fight hi nope it
guys seem all these really cute old
couples dancing makes me really miss
salsa but loose forgotten old steps and
he's bleeding me so he can't dance I
can't dance so can we all just leave him
comments below telling him to remember
all the steps from Cuba it was like over
a year ago now that we went so yeah tell
him that he needs to get back themselves
so it turns out the workshops and talks
and stuff don't start until about 6pm
and the only thing happening right now
is these are these dancing works also
being right I know how to do the cha-cha
wearing this is gold but we're gonna
have a little
by dusty I we're leaving da see here
she's staying up in London she's going
to be a meet up with Hillary mother
sister and my mum me and Ryan are going
to start heading back
that's worth a few friends tonight
is it weird being back in London yeah
some of you might not know but Raya came
to university here for three years she
studied in London that's before we knew
each other we were joking about we
probably passed each other in the street
at some point
sister 12 I think we were there at the
same time yeah well it's a little bit
chilly today so I've wrapped up a bit
warmer where I didn't wrap up warm
enough I netlink we were supposed to be
indoors the whole time until in bubbles
forecast now no but their bubbles 33 but
we don't wear my coat
so the slow mo bubbles I was just
filming with the a7s to just wanted to
test the 120 frames a second see how it
looked looking pretty cool the few more
tests I want to do on this bad boy yeah
I'm liking it I'm liking it
i forgot to say guys the car i'm
borrowing at the moment is my grandpa's
car he's he's not using it so so awesome
back he's kindly loaned it to me she's
pretty nice net get that heat in our hmm
grabbing some dinner get this out nice
little family dinner my mum didn't end
up going up to hang out dirty and Hilary
in the end but it's nice cuz we're just
just the four of us and flat for right
I've left my parents I've wrapped up
warm and I'm driving over to hang out my
friend Matt so me and Matt I've had a
bit of a crazy idea to take his parents
boat out it's about 11 p.m. and it's
freezing cold but I've never been out of
the boat though this is it this is the
metal tin boat and these are our oars
going on on earth and a quite a good
venture I can't see you though they are
let's do it show me the sherry the waves
camelot yes and then he would the bike
yes camelot in that mines like twisting
but not going that is boarding the
vessel you're wrong first year I
remember had a row he's always a very
small man i wish i had the a7 SLA this
is still pretty good like look at that
low like that as impressive we gave up
on rowing we've got an electric motor
just seeing it now I very quickly got
bored of guys I Savoy's the boating trip
but annoyingly my battery ran out I
forgot to charge my camera battery last
night and I wasn't expecting to
things like I thought me and Matt we're
just going to sit down and chat so I
don't think I'd be filming but then we
went on a spontaneous boating adventure
and I tried to film some of it on my
phone but it was just pitch-black like
wish I'd had my other camera especially
after last night testing the low-light
ability of it but we decided to go out
again because it's just too much fun and
the little electric motor is amazing and
we saw ducks we crashed into a tree and
the motor got clogged up so it was all
quite an adventure but couldn't film
with you right see in the morning peace
out enjoy life lived adventure boo
