good morning guys it's my last day on
the Big Island this afternoon I'm flying
to Honolulu where JP's been getting the
plane fitted I'm just going to go out
for some sushi and Zane and Andrew how
you guys doing
yeah it's been a very relaxing week guys
I'm still replenished I got some miso
soup edamame this is like avocado rolls
with cucumber and shitake mushrooms
I'm hoping this wasabi is pretty hot
I have dropped the rental-car off that
arrived at the airport and yeah about
the head over to Oahu Honolulu burst
onto that island it's a pretty chilled
quite apart they so it's a little bit of
an update give you guys maybe I should
wait till I go through security I'll
update you and we get through the reason
we've been in Hawaii this long and it's
longer than it seems because I've taken
a lot of days off and Hawaii to relax
but the reason we've been in Hawaii this
long is because we've been kicking out
the plane with a bigger fuel tank and
that's quite a long process it turns out
JP's been working super hard to get it
all sorted over in Honolulu and there's
been delays upon delays we've been
waiting on kind of approval from the FAA
and I don't know I don't know how it all
works but we needed to get the plane
kind of verified that it's all safe to
fly and until that point legally we're
not allowed to fly the plane so it's
been kind of really cutting it down to
the wire because today's Wednesday we
are due to be landing midday on Friday
the 10th by the time this blogs out that
would be like a month ago so
again apologies but yes so we're landing
on Friday the 10th people flown from
around the world for this arrival party
we always knew that we didn't want to
have kind of that pressure on JP
specifically like if the weather's bad
if there's genuinely a reason we can't
make it in time we just can't make it so
we're not going to like risk our lives
to get there but when you're waiting on
on paperwork which should should be able
to get sorted it's just a bit
frustrating so we're waiting on this guy
at the FAA in Honolulu to I guess get an
engineer just to kind of do the find a
process give us the sign-off ideally we
would have left this morning at this
rate we didn't get the sign of today we
really need to leave tomorrow morning
which isn't going to happen
so the only two solutions I can see
happening is we get a sign-off and we
get approval to leave some Friday
morning which is the morning especially
flying in JP said he doesn't want to fly
through the night on Thursday
so we'd leave first thing Friday and
even if everything gets soared and we
get to do that we will be arriving soon
astride a evening worst case scenario
Saturday morning at the event which
isn't the end of the world we still get
there we still complete the world trip
now worst case scenario if there's
complications there's more holdups and
we can't get the paperwork for tomorrow
we are gonna have to because of the
nature of the event the amount of people
coming we're gonna have to leave Hawaii
pause the world trip which is like just
infuriating and fly commercially to Kern
Valley to still be part of the event
and just apologize to people and say lo
we tried our best we couldn't quite make
it in time and then after that at some
stage come back to Hawaii once we got
the paperwork and then complete the
world trip and it's annoying to me that
we've and there's no one to blame here
but it's annoying to me that we've made
it this far and we've got one more day
of flying to complete and we potentially
will be yeah stuck you know or will
potentially have to abandon going there
for the 10th so emotions are flying high
understandably JP is very stressed I'm
feeling the pressure I'm feeling the
stress but then end of the day year we
can't do much about it it feels like
very much out of my control but I'm
going to try my best guys and
yeah let's just see what happens I guess
Oh
please make sure your seatbelts are
securely fastened and seatbacks and tray
tables are in the unlock position and
all burn items are securely stowed
but a little wahoo this is a new place
to me
jep said he's going to be picking me out
so I guess he's down sorry somewhere
welcome to Honolulu
guys I'm so excited I found something
vegan on the menu this is um
cauliflower fritters tofu Perry
okay we're walking back to the hotel now
after a lovely dinner I was trying to
explain to you guys what's going on
earlier but JP gonna let us know from
your perspective cuz you've been the one
on the ground here trying to figure
everything out what's the latest on the
flight situation getting back to the
summit everything going on with a plane
basically it's all going to happen like
this maybe I mean I think we both still
have hope but the reality is we don't
have the paperwork that we're supposed
to have
yeah yeah I'm just really angry I don't
know eventually so I forgot about it for
a little while no but
we we don't have a special fly poem we
have the the overweight certificate but
we don't have the we don't have
permission to fly the airplane so
if we can't get that by tomorrow night
by tomorrow 4:00 p.m. we can't go in
order to put the ferry tank in we have
to modify the fuel system of the
airplane and that requires approval from
the FAA now we already had a ferry tech
system in it we've given them two weeks
notice to start working on it but it's
just constant things going wrong working
against us means that that's not gonna
happen
so we're we've modified an aeroplane so
we can't even fly it like around here
like it has to remain on the ground
until we get permission so until we get
the special ferry permit we're grounded
and it's aggravating and we're just
gonna be waiting tomorrow for the
miraculous possibility that we can get
the paperwork sorted and even then we're
going to be pushing it we may have to
fly through the night worst case
scenario we could fly the next day but I
don't know what your feeling about that
yeah I really don't want to fly through
the night but if we get it tomorrow I'll
rather do that then wait till the next
morning because that just means we'll
have more time with everybody at the
summit and we'll be less fatigued
theoretically I don't know
I'm gearing up for a late night though
like a well an all-nighter probably just
like helping it'll be it'll be a hundred
percent be a team effort yeah yeah so
that's our current dilemma guys and I
honestly have no idea right now what's
gonna happen we just got a hope that the
people doing the paperwork and the
engineer coming out like have some kind
of compassion for our situation it
hasn't been the case so far but we'll
see we'll see I like having my time to
get ready for a fight we don't have that
like we're gonna get the paperwork test
fly land fill it up and go it's it's not
how I like doing things but I think I
think if I keep to my checklist and
stuff it'll be safe so we should be okay
so I'm gonna head to bed guys I guess
we'll find out tomorrow what's going on
whether we're gonna be able to complete
a round-the-world trip as intended or
whether we're gonna have to come back
and collect the plane and officially
finish the trip in a couple of weeks I
really hope it doesn't come to that
I'm just be selfish name in rarely would
I think
JP was saying he's just felt kind of
sick today over the whole thing and I
yeah it's definitely left me feeling
kind of I guess anxious or just kind of
I don't know just frustrated kind of
like it's a lot control and yeah it
would be letting people down I guess if
we didn't do it we didn't get there but
yeah we'll find out tomorrow
they sell into real life and live the
adventure
