good morning guys
today is our last day in the Masai Mara
we're heading back to Nairobi we've got
a five hour drive to go and then me and
I are flying out this evening no one is
staying on and continuing his adventures
I'm gonna miss this place this has been
a beautiful week thank you so much guys
it's been here a great few days hey you
ready day oh my gosh the mosquito bites
one of the things about driving through
the Masai Mara is the roads aren't
always that clear sometimes they may
just turn to stuff like this
said he's just saying if we're able to
get free what you thinking day is it
gonna be difficult
yeah do we have to go around find
another route we've stopped in a town
called now Rock with that civilization
we're gonna get some lunch and then
continue on to Nairobi we're gonna be
saying goodbye today there and we swap
the drivers back to Babu if the roads
are better here so we don't need the
full wheel
what we found but she is bananas in the
world
we're saying goodbye today they we're
leaving
we are I'm gonna come back and we're
going camp with Alliance
so we're back in Nairobi or at the David
Sheldrick Wildlife Trust and all the
people that have adopted an elephant
here are allowed to come in the evening
and help for the elephants to bed so
that's what we're doing I'm gonna go see
em doctor today also happens to be world
wildlife today so we're gonna draw
elephants in our hands and take part in
this campaign which is highlighting how
the future of elephants is in our hands
you excited I think so we did cut off
for a while
that is a big bed I don't think he
recognized us okay
he's limping gonna go and see this
bedroom there's Mary sleeps Hey
generally the most amazing thing is the
keepers get to sleep in the same room as
the elephants they get to sleep up there
hi this is blanket yes he's a Masai I
didn't know you were a mess I and don't
they why do they get a blanket I missed
in birthday oh you want the whole thing
hey damn Expo
you've got to see this elephant Riya
this is a fun night
so you going to say good night to end up
a night inductor all right I just put my
360 camera in the elephant's pen I don't
think that's such a good idea grabbed it
and put it in its mouth didn't you know
that's not for you first time to head
off
sad we have to say goodbye to the
elephants but we can't stay here today I
say goodbye to the warthogs sister
bye-bye all right we're gonna go fight
you to eat now and then after the
airport then is bittersweet sushi and
some other things come with what I got
thanks everything ok still anyone enjoy
your travels yeah
alright time to go back to London
well it turns out we actually have
plenty of time boss like we was actually
pretty chilled
and riders come up with a genius plan
before we get McClane to trim my
eyebrows in the middle of the airport
see that oh my gosh it's - they're so
you're not normal I get it get it
fill my eyebrow hair pulling on them
that people are giving us for any
stranger boat really guests yeah okay we
need to go hello let guys noises can i
good job the brighter trim my eyebrows
you just had to tell my purse is this
confiscated security all right we have
x-rays so that's the end of our trip to
Kenya I was really good guys I I feel
totally restored I think having that
last week especially just relaxing than
us tomorrow catching up and sleep eating
well yeah I feel like I'm in a good
place I think the beginning this trip
was feeling creeper now as usual yeah
cakes in the headspace relaxing
recuperating it was very good for me
and although nautical words that whether
I am really looking forward to getting
back to the UK and just having a month
of stability in a way I guess I don't
often crave that I think being in one
place and catching up with friends and
stuff either yeah I'm ready said I'm
ready for a month man
sleep on cancer in the UK in the morning
P sound
enjoy life of adventure
