good morning guys with punker hotel with
a swimming pool just to chill this
morning before the guys catch their
flight this afternoon
they stayed out late so we're all just
gonna take it easy soaking a bit of Sun
before they go back to rainy England and
then me and Ryder are trying to
construct a plan for the next week
before we head back and know it is
breakfast is served
oh you boys headed off you head into the
airport goodbye
well your nightmare
group hug oh and they spend an awesome
trip it's been an awesome shirt but
right just down to me Ryan the one now I
would finally have enough of swimming
we're gonna go get some dinner it's been
a great day relaxing back to our
favorite restaurant trattoria
so it would be boys to go for these
three special dishes one of them wasn't
on the menu and we are like sharing them
between the three of us say we split
them up this is like pumpkin pasta
something else master mushroom stuffed
pasta ravioli and fettuccine yeah
I think those smiling my players
we've had another great evening just
chillin it's much more chill device with
the three of us and now we're heading
back for an early night maneuver
thanks guys
first let's examine his - thoughts ya
can get some breakfast perfect leather
6-way night I think it's funny that on
the way back from dinner our taxi driver
said he would never bring anyone here to
this part of Nairobi and I can see why
it's a Tuesday night and they're still
blaring music outside it's like they
have no laws about loud music at night
I've got a plug so mister alright and
we're leaving here tomorrow say it's
fine it's fine
yeah today's been an interesting one
guys it's just been you know me swimming
not the most interesting not me feeding
drafts or writing about a motorbike but
it's been needed I've needed this time
and yeah I've got we've got another fun
week of packed activities and things
we're going into the lamassu Aymara
which is a massive like National Park
that'd be incredible animals we're going
to some incredible lodges it's gonna be
similar I guess to the south africa trip
by again interested to see the
differences one of the differences we
are going to get to meet him in the
Masai tribe and learn some things about
the culture and yeah that could be good
I did come I think it must have been
like 2010 and to the Maasai but that's
before I was vlogging so you wouldn't
have seen that before I go oh he asked a
question last week which was what your
biggest fears and how are you gonna
overcome them so I'm gonna
cut to some of your lances my biggest
fear is getting stuck in one place
because of a job um and so to overcome
that I'm gonna hopefully save up money
one in college and then be able to move
myself to hopefully New York or Los
Angeles Seattle something like that
my biggest fear is failure and by that
I've overcome that you'd be the best
person better than the person that was
yesterday my biggest fear is of death
and dying but really it's not existing
anymore and being forgotten I think
instead of being terrified and trying to
overcome this fear that's just
impossible I think the best thing to do
is to accept it and use it to better
yourself my biggest fear is realizing
twenty years down the line that I'm not
happy with what I've chosen as a career
my plan for that not to happen is by
doing two things at once so right now
I'm handling my family business and at
the same time I am pursuing photography
which is my passion I guess my only big
fear is to be stuck in a sinking ship in
a storm at sea if that makes any sense
but honestly I have no idea how to
conquer that fear and my biggest fear is
leaving my house I have panic disorder
and mild agoraphobia and my plans to
change that this year is to accept more
invitations to do more things outside of
the home and to say yes more to new
adventures I think my biggest fan has to
be the Pharisee unknown
unfortunately the older I get the more I
realized that life is one big unknown
you just have to step into and hope for
the best
my biggest fear in life is wasting my
time doing something I'm not meant to do
or becoming something I'm not meant to
be and I overcome this not necessarily
because I practice any sort of religion
but I do believe that everything happens
for a reason and whatever the universe
wants me to do will happen
thanks guys for sending in those answers
I always enjoy learning a little bit
more about who you guys are and I've
realized I don't answer those questions
myself so I'm gonna try and answer it
like an half answer it I think my
biggest fear is that I'm gonna lose this
amazing part of my life at some point
this ability to be able to share my life
with you guys and have a relatively
successful YouTube channel I think my
fear is that somehow in this ever
compete in YouTube land where I'm
competing with other youtubers for your
attention that somehow I'm just gonna
you know fizz allow or not have people
watch my videos anymore so I don't
really know how I'm gonna overcome that
fear so if you've got any suggestions
let me know but yeah I guess that is one
of one of my fears and a question I've
got for you guys for next week I've been
thinking about this is I'd love to know
what you see is your biggest strength
and your biggest weakness sometimes
those can be the same thing but yeah let
me know send those videos in with
details below as usual and one last
thing as well before we go to bed is
riah's working hard on her video from
all her trips the last couple of weeks
and this is going to be live by the time
I upload this video so go and check it
out like she's like she's like striking
an elephant yeah which hopefully we'll
get to do tomorrow yeah go and check it
out she's been working hard and yeah I
think she's getting mad skills and the
everything serious I will see in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
