good morning guys today we've come back
down to the Soweto slum in Nairobi to
visit anthems project again and this is
our last full day in Nairobi with the
whole team there heading out tomorrow
night and you know just would come down
and see some more of the great work
happening here and son how you doing
Haydn this morning yeah Andy gave me a
t-shirt yeah
we're going on a little wonder just to
see a little bit more sweat I visit
school maybe visit a few people at home
it's quite a crazy place quite crazy
experience to this out like you can
sewage and rubbish in the streets I
wouldn't drink that mate oh it is
visiting someone's home Oh little pig in
there hello mate this is sha sha jumbo
so you're delivering some food for her
yeah you need to raise some money to
help feed her Morrison yeah it'd be good
sir if we could get this center of
excellence and we can have speak that
like your sansan was telling me
yesterday love to do that maybe three
times a week and for the elderly
residents this community come for dinner
all together the young people come thank
you so sure thank you Santa Santa again
it's something we just take for granted
or I do especially in the developed
world just having food whenever we need
it and
good health and medical services and
everything and I I just think it's a bit
of an eye-opener seeing places like this
where people really do need help and it
is an ideal living conditions really and
it's good that we can not ourselves be
the people bringing help but that we can
support local people that want to see
this place flourish so this old lady's
tennis trike and she's been paralyzed on
the right side of her body
so she can't walk how's that make you
feel no one's heart breaking it's just a
form just no she's forgotten about the
rest of the world really don't get the
whole community in the canal we're so
governed by television and this and that
and we've got time you spend so much
time without each other that we should
get the real meaning of love and in
these communities I hear it's they rely
on each other through love love hills
and there's a lot of love here love is
life and you see so much life is like
you can see like a lot of squalor and
whatnot but there's so much beauty in it
let's roll we've jumped out of the
Matata because the traffic's so bad and
we're running back to the hotel Roya I
didn't mention that Leroy has been
feeling a little bit ill this morning so
she didn't join us and George will need
some time off but now we're heading off
on a on a tree special after day hey
Mariah you'll find out in a second how
are you doing George you have a nice
relaxing morning
it was only like would you like our boy
back
we uh we hope you two get to this place
by 5:00
it's already about 25 or something and
we've been stuck in standstill traffic
the last a long 45 minutes an hour and
the drivers saying there's no way we're
going to get there before 7:00 which is
when it ends so I'm thinking maybe we
can get motorbike taxis just to like
weave in and out of traffic to get us
there might not work it's a bit of a
long shot but see we can find some guys
to give us a lift
hello hello mate taxi
dear friends
go taxi wait we found these guys you're
off mana hi Andy this is gonna work in
it look guys look we've got one two
three four five we just need two more
hey are you ready for this no one lady
is my canteen oh yes JP yes George is my
homey yes
this is definitely the way to get
through standstill traffic
Oh
like a buddy fuck out
yeah
freely on freezing we go solo thank you
thank you so the big the big thing we've
been rushing to this place called
giraffe Manor where you get to have
dinner with giraffes and it looks like
they've got some warthog here check this
out Hey
oh my gosh how cool is this right
Daisy Daisy are you loving this the one
with this tongue serlano one snake this
is amazing
it's literally licking it's literally
getting food from or now you couldn't do
it
this is so unreal this was so jumping on
a motorbike and rushing to I mean the
baby giraffe she's freaking out cheers
to an amazing evening can't believe we
got here sick trip
forgive me
so this is the last meal that we're
having together and this is the ones
this is the starts and Traveller than
the one he's going on an adventure
the worldwide adventure so we're back at
the hotel have a lovely evening eating
together the boys are now watching the
football game and then I think they're
going out to celebrate because it's no
one's last night that we needed to get
back at these meditating and stuff who
actually brought their bags back because
they've got their cameras in there and
guys I'd love it if you could head over
to new ones Instagram account and give
him a little cheeky follow he's um he's
an incredible photographer he's done
some portrait photos of me today and I
we've been doing a few little shots
around Nairobi and also he's about to go
depart on a world adventure it's gonna
be taking loads of incredible photos all
over the world
so going showing some encouragement and
yeah tell him I said new that'd be
awesome I'll link here top line in the
description it's been an incredible day
and we'll catch you tomorrow and these
guys are heading off we're just gonna
spend another day or two in Nairobi but
it's gonna be a lot of fun
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
