good morning guys this place is
absolutely magical we are in the middle
of nowhere right in the heart of the
Maasai Mara National Park and last night
we had to get to school in to our rooms
because there's hippos roaming around
here hopefully today we are going to go
and visit a Maasai community and also go
on a nice little evening game Drive guys
check this out
hello mr. hippo so this is the main
lounge area check this out
perfect for laptop Club and chill in
that's a dining room through there no
one's taking some photos today and they
try and capture the beauty of this place
and then literally right down there is
the river with all the hippos and
crocodiles and stuff this is Paul he's
managing the place yes yeah how do you
pronounce the name of this camp the
lodge ah
Nicci yes changing equals the M ease of
silent sannin M ah before the key okay
so this is eh eh eh eh the merengue
check up we keep it because the heritage
of the Maasai community cool yes solo
tonight yeah it's just one of the mess I
know what's your name
okay he's protecting us more the wild
animals but when we walks down this path
the night these guys keep her safe
guys this is the hippo pee right here
right by the entrance and they knew that
area live here she will always come here
so we clean up and then she comes again
and then she walks straight past the
house yeah walk straight
Griss is out there and that's what this
is good oh this one say the hippo comes
in jam this
happens easier when maybe you are having
are you enjoying the plunge pool yeah
well they all take shower you put it in
the middle there that's this is like the
Do Not Disturb sign you're here but
having hotels guys can you see that
crocodile hit that crocodile out it's
chilling right with grabbing some lunch
quickly before we head out thank you
guys the food here is incredible like
the best we've had in Kenya by far like
better than the restaurant stuff I'll be
honest right Oreo in Nairobi is pretty
good as well but this is a comedy
they're making this out here I think
it's like a portal in the kitchen where
they just like go through to
civilization and like get with the
ingredients and cook it and then bring
it back I think that's how they do it
hey it in today Raya thank you yeah you
ready to meet the Maasai yeah apparently
there's some lions summer as well we're
gonna find hey great yeah I love that
sorry we're late check this out guys
crossing the road in front of us
oh it's so scared
Oh goodbye another crocodile guys check
it this mr. crocodile oh my god what
guys we found some lion look at this
dude yes bro hey I think she's keeping
an eye out
she's look out and she these Aussies
going to sleep in
guys check these Buffalo out what let's
got that cool bird on them again right
in solid nose I've got a feeling the
mess on Mara has a lot bigger
concentration of animals in it and some
of the parts being I can't believe we've
already seen lion and Buffalo the first
like 20 minutes we've spotted some
giraffe and elephant over there so we're
going to go and check them out
what this doesn't seem real elephant and
giraffe - skillet skillet it's like a a
pitch like a painting neck these are
like the little babies you saw the other
day do they have a family 30 minutes
I've seen Lions Buffalo's a ton of
elephants and giraffes I tear these guys
out
look how close this Jango the literally
walking right behind the van there's a
little baby elephant and he's he's
sneaking up to the giraffes to play with
them look at this guy no he's chasing
the giraffes is so funny
get him we've just arrived at the mass Y
village I cannot believe what the
animals we saw in the way here it's a
it's also starting to rain so hopefully
we get to see some things before it tips
it down hello Dunbar yeah look at these
storm clouds oh my gosh we're gonna try
and hide out of the rain where are they
so right now this is the multi building
we are inside of the house and their
houses I met women the men do do not
know how to make the houses I love that
and then go whole walk like if you see
we are sitting in a big bed we use the
cow's skin as much chases and the father
sleep in the big bed your mother and the
kids sleep with this one bit
what is the house made of the holes are
made of woods and cow dung to smear we
find here and with a clay this is it
this is Oh cow dung
yeah we put the totem and we mix with a
plate look at that tiny little window
yeah being shown how to make a fire
retiring no we ready ready yeah ready
for okay believe the cigarette yeah what
you mean yeah baby
hey that was all you good job pretty
much so many yeah we're venturing back
outside as the look in the one o is read
about listen up
just got sick 360 guys Maasai warrior 3
sorry guys that jumping exhausting so
existing a lot of fun though and felt
honored to have experienced a
traditional ceremony and joined in
I think now they're showing us some of
the Masai merchandise we've done a nice
bracelet royal think so which color I
like this light blue turquoise I'm
getting that yes buddy you got me a
little unum Gideon society thank you I
like buying things from places like this
because it's funding keeping a tradition
alive so this whole village is living
very traditionally and maybe a lot of
them would have kind of modern modernize
their way of living but it's something
that we like to come and see so I guess
a lot of tourists visit this place to to
have a bit of a view into their lives
and culture so we're now leaving the
masai village that was an incredible
experience
thankfully the rain didn't ruin it I
love that I love that a lot and I think
we're gonna head back to camp now
goodbye a lie goes to me oh we're back
ready for dinner yeah see you dinner
thank you
is we just heard a hyenas howling just
outside it's pretty cool in it yes
check this desert out they written a
little phrase I'm just going to one bang
it no so we just did some editing off
the dinner
I've just finished that it's 1:00 a.m.
this is quite a nice little lounge area
to do editing and chill out and I'm
about to get escorted back to my room
avoiding the hippos and you can hear
them in the background splashing around
crazy and tomorrow guys we are going to
have breakfast literally on the little
bank by the river surrounded by hippos
with the masts away guarding us it's
going to be pretty awesome and then I'll
give you a proper tour of this place
like a safari house tour and who knows
they will find some other crazy animals
right I'll catch in the morning peace
out enjoy life and lived adventure boom
