Brian early the Sun is just rising 7
a.m. and the whole team come down to
Lake Nakuru National Park we're gonna go
in a bit the Safari Drive
I'm just saying I think like the only
time that I'm up for sunrises not mad
about it yes amen
runway hey guys look at that little
birdies like picking this I let you see
it on its nose okay they recognize in a
leopard but I'm not so sure
I'm a little bit jealous of this car
because they can all stare the roof do
you think there's a leopard handy IRA
can elect to be in the tree you're right
what you see rhinos
oh hey there's a loader I know I check
out is for
he's moved out the way look at that one
does chilly
oh yes fluffy that is key that one is
real key
we're stopping for a little toilet break
I think we're scaring all the animals
away these lot of well rowdy
I like these monkeys how cute these
monkeys
this is one of the park rangers check
out that gun he's serious I'd like to
just welcome the young people to the fun
bus this is the fun part
toys there is a little lion sleeping in
the shade just blow that tree I saw your
signal yeah zoom out
check out this view
right we come to the lookout point it's
pretty awesome I'm gonna get a photo on
this rock this is awesome check this
view out look how much this Lakes
flooded look where the road used to be
and you can see all those trees like
poking at the water we haven't seen a
lot of animals this morning we saw that
line from a distance we saw giraffes as
well but I was too far away to film so
I'm hoping we see a few more we've got
an hour's drive now to the hotel where
we're going to be get lunch and hanging
out for the afternoon the bus put your
lipstick away
hello Dumbo yes guys check this place
out we're lunch
it's time to do a bit of sunbathing
check this out guys lunch by the pool
vegetable curry perfect view
turn it out to be quite a nice day isn't
it we've had the most relaxed afternoon
what an incredible place
mr. every day we basically come back to
the hotel after the day's activities and
then in Rio just like crashed out at the
hotel room for like an hour or two so
that's exactly what's happening again
today basically having a little late
afternoon siesta and and now we're gonna
spend the last evening together as some
of the team or most of the team they're
heading back to London tomorrow so it's
our last day in the curry we're gonna
head up for dinner we're gonna have a
fun night I am very tired guys though
I'm gonna need no coffee before dinner
we have an Indian of feast tonight
check this out Rio actually ordered this
super mild vegetable curry but turned
out is crazy hot and I ordered some dal
and I also ate to be hot but it is this
crazy dog
I did love doll though way back at the
hotel it's time for bed like I said this
is our last night together so we're and
we're heading back to Nairobi tomorrow
and then a smaller group of us are gonna
be hanging out for the next few days and
there's some prey or some projects we're
gonna be visiting in Nairobi but today
was good it was nice to experience
another game drive and do some Safari
stuff I don't think we saw quite as much
wildlife as I did last time and you know
they it would have been cooler to see
some lines closer up but it was still
awesome and it was pretty relaxed and
there's a nice hanging out as a group
and I think either next week or two
yoo-hoos me and Ryan I got our hopefully
stay around and Kenya for a bit we're
gonna try and organize some close-up
encounters with wildlife and see if we
can go and volunteer or experience some
of the air and I'm on animal orphanages
it's not like that anyway I am
completely shattered and I am gonna get
some sleep and I'll see you in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
