good morning guys we've come to hotel
with a swimming pool just to chill this
morning before the guys catch their
flight this afternoon
they stayed out late so we're all just
going to take it easy soaking a bit of
Sun before they go back to rainy England
and then me and Roy are trying to
construct the plan for the next week
before we head back and we got some
exciting ideas breakfast is served are
you boys headed off oh you headin to the
airport with your boy
because
Oh group hug oh and a spin an awesome
trip it's been an awesome show / right
it's just as a mere eyring the one now
just us three lift they only go for a
little swim right would finally have
enough of swimming we're gonna go get
some dinner it's been a great day
relaxing back to our favorite restaurant
trattoria
so we've been boys to go for these three
special dishes one of them wasn't on the
menu we are like sharing them between
the three of us so we split them up this
is like pumpkin pasta something else
caster mushroom stuffed pasta ravioli
and fettuccine yeah
so I think those smiley my players
we've had another great evening just
chillin it's much more chill device with
the three of us and now we're heading
back for an early night in an uber hey
Mary
thanks guys I don't first let's examine
his when his thoughts yeah I can get
some breakfast perfect weather six-way
night I think it's funny that on the way
back from dinner or taxi driver said he
would never bring anyone here to this
part of Nairobi and I can see why it's a
tuesday night and there's still blaring
music outside it's like they have no
laws about loud music at night I've got
earplugs so it's all right and we're
leaving here tomorrow say it's fine it's
fine yeah today's been an interesting
one guys has just been you know me
swimming not the most interesting not me
feeding drafts or running about a
motorbike but it's been needed I've
needed this time and yeah I've got we've
got another fun week of packed
activities and things we're going into
the mass way Mara which is a massive
like national park that'd be incredible
animals we're going to some incredible
lodges it's going to be similar I guess
to the south africa trip by again
interested to see the differences one of
the differences we're going to get to
meet some of the Masai tribe and learn
some things about the culture and yeah
that could be good I did come I think it
must be like 2010 and to the Maasai but
that's before I was vlogging so you
wouldn't have seen that before I go and
he asked a question last week which was
what your biggest fears and how are you
gonna overcome them so I'm going to
cut to some of your Lance's my biggest
fear is getting stuck in one place
because of a job um and so to overcome
that I'm gonna hopefully save up money
one in college and then be able to move
myself to hopefully New York or Los
Angeles Seattle something like that my
biggest fear is failure and by that I've
overcome that you'd be the best person
and bed and the person that was
yesterday my biggest fear is of death
and dying but really it's not existing
anymore and being forgotten I think
instead of being terrified and trying to
overcome this fear that's just
impossible I think the best thing to do
is to accept it and use it to better
yourself my biggest fear is realizing 20
years down the line that I'm not happy
with what I've chosen as a career my
plan for that not to happen is by doing
two things at once so right now I'm
handling my family business and at the
same time I'm pursuing photography which
is my passion I guess my only big fear
is to be stuck in a sinking ship in a
storm at sea if that makes any sense but
honestly I have no idea how to conquer
that fear and my biggest fear is leaving
my house I have panic disorder and mild
agoraphobia and my plans to change that
this year is to accept more invitations
to do more things outside of the home
and to say yes more to new adventures I
think my biggest fan has to be the fair
theme known unfortunately the older I
get the more I realized that life is one
big unknown you just have to step into
and hope the best my biggest fear in
life is wasting my time doing something
I'm not meant to do or becoming
something I'm not meant to be and I
overcome this not necessarily because I
practice any sort of religion but I do
believe that everything happens for a
reason and whatever the universe wants
me to do will happen
so thanks guys for sending in those
answers I always enjoy learning a little
bit more about who you guys are and I've
realized I don't answer those questions
myself so I'm going to try and answer it
like an half answer it I think my
biggest fear is that I'm going to lose
this amazing part of my life at some
point this ability to be able to share
my life with you guys and have a
relatively successful YouTube channel I
think my fear is that somehow in this
ever compete in YouTube land where I'm
competing with other youtubers for your
attention that somehow I'm just gonna
you know if is allow or and not have
people watch my videos anymore so I
don't really know how I'm going to
overcome that fear so if you've got any
suggestions let me know but yeah I guess
that is one of one of my fears and a a
question I've got for you guys and for
next week I've been thinking about this
is I'd love to know what you see is your
biggest strength and your biggest
weakness sometimes those can be the same
thing and but yeah let me know send
those videos in all details below as
usual and a one last thing as well
before we go to bed is rires working
hard on her video from all her trips
that last couple of weeks and this is
going to be live by the time I upload
this video so go and check it out Lex
he's like she's like striking an
elephant yeah which hopefully will get
to do tomorrow yeah yeah go and check it
out she's been working hard and yeah I
think she's getting mad skills on the
editing serious all right we'll see in
the morning peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
