good morning guys we are in Alice
Springs Australia which is like dead in
the center and we are flying to Sydney
today the first obstacle of the day is
that we don't have a fuel card to pay
for fuel at this place and it's kind of
like a an unmanned fuel pump so we're
trying to resolve the situation I don't
know how we're gonna resolve it but
luckily there's a dude here it's just
let us in and JP's on the phone to
somebody if we figure out the fuel
situation number two one zero key
uniformity to taxi to the active live
temperatures pressures occurred
would you like today sir is there any
cereal bars there are yes of course you
need me to do this yeah that'll be $7 it
was four dollars fifty four took about
the very pretty power and I rip I ate it
I was like no way holy crap okay can you
put your you know your blinds please sir
we're about to land
imagine if I just treated everybody else
I was my god
if you have an eyesight I'm so glad you
got these headsets they're just effect
now let's do a little plug here for
Lightspeed like we have to they didn't
pay us but they did just hook us up with
with with these and what I really like
about them is the cops look like I have
really big ears and most of the
headphones like price for my ears but
you can wear these for hours
uncomfortable one so the Bluetooth thing
is the winner for Bluetooth and the
noise cancelling when you put it off
it's crazy how loud it gets yeah
it would be so fatiguing Apiata set on
that the entire fight I know they're
good really good you know that they
change the pressures inside of can so
you can open them up to 9000 feet early
the weirdest thing that happens to be
one is we had a truly a bottle of still
water but I feel like it's still
pressurized those with a where they seal
them to enter air in them while they
don't pressurize them to do it I don't
dispense those there's still water out
of there there at the top of that
were you on the ground yeah whoops leave
it on the plane we're just like a road
trip with a vehicle right
anyway aware you it was shaking the
entire time don't worry here at OPM we
might have gone over to the minute
thousand feet from sea level or make all
the difference there was shaking shaking
shaking I was like this no there's no
carbon dioxide in it I'm just shaking
one make a difference anyway so shaky
shaky shaky and then it just exploded
but is so you would have been climbing
an altitude hundred percent and it was
like the crazy explosion inside the
vehicle I was like what the hell
Oh Farley but we have 405 miles left oh
yeah got it we have we have two and a
half hours three hours left
this is not because he can really see
how far India we already are and it
doesn't feel like it yeah this is really
rest against the net the others out with
you basically what the weather
I guess commercially the Australians
must have just been like seen the the
safety aspect of having high power
cellular in the outback
I just did it like they did just hop
around for years like every other
country other save so many lives yeah
if I play commercially to Auckland would
I be able to give you guys like my
little blue suitcase oh yeah we're going
to do up with drugs ahead makeup that
would be the worst thing you could do
just well you could have done that for
us going into prolly that would have
been the worst day yeah it almost feels
like you could walk on clouds
if they feel like physical things as a
kid I love James of the Giant Peach and
where they're like glowing about the
clouds they've been to cloud bands and
live in the cloud there's proper eye way
we've seen since we've been in Australia
oh yeah pretty crazy oh yeah for year I
think it is what accent I could like
slip into if I live but there would be
Australia option because I think I'll
just be making it all the time and then
I just naturally starts to spare with
its way
I think if I really try can convince
people I'm an American I can definitely
convince people of German and I can
definitely convince people I've South
Africa
it's really really terrifying he's
sending certain out yeah because the
blue maps were just behind us and I was
literally just I I would no I was fine
here but you're so relying on the
instrumentation that if it was wrong
you would just suddenly see rock in
front of you and that be dead like it's
definitely very very hard work yeah
trying to stay alive
I guess you're just totally trusting
instrumentation and my ability to read
it
on November 2 1 0 cute if I'm looking
for a parking for a few days over on
alpha 6 remember to turn alpha echo
uniform thanks down ground tuxedo and
life which is your first right and then
there's cross parking up there for GI
for that via mic and then on the cross
parking deck circle looks like that's a
bunch of people waiting for us yeah over
there yeah should we park there unload
then I bring the plane over or what do
you also reduce unload it go over there
oh wait is there we could bring the
plainclothes over there yeah well we
can't leave it there
yeah ok let's bring it over people get
some photos and stuff they won't be able
to get to the plane though because of
the fence
ok yeah got a little posse did you see
us come in where did we come in from
that side
nice nice all right we're gonna unpack
and then I guess we'll be able to come
through and sorry you can't come up to
the airplane oh he's a local pilot and
he said he can escort people to the
airplane awesome
we had so many snacks we could have
survived for like a week on the
see you later guys
thanks for coming down we we're heading
over to where we're staying now which is
in Bondi Beach and Lisa and Greg have
offered us a lift they are like the most
incredible no no I'll go to the back go
for a shot
see you later bye thank you
so we've just checked into our Airbnb
dropped our bags off and we've come down
to Beach brewery oh I remember this
place from I think a few years ago when
I was here maybe like three years ago so
we're just showing up can we get some
Mexican food
you up for this whoo they plant cheese
as well oh yeah
all right we just stopped and got some
snacks now we're heading back up to our
little apartment you hear that
screeching noise that is a massive fruit
bat oh I can see it hanging you see it
that is crazy
well after a long day of flying we are
ready to chill for a few days in Sydney
I'm kind of glad that we we can't have
bombed it across the whole of Australia
we could have taken our time a bit more
and explored some of that kind of
Outback random little towns but I think
there's more going on here that we've
got a bunch of friends we want to meet
up with and I just think there's more
opportunity to chat people out here in
Sydney and so yeah we've got this nice
little kind of beach hut apartment for
the next few days and tomorrow we're
meeting up with Rachel which I've
realised today and she told me that we
haven't seen each other for two years
any of you long tech time vlog watches
will know who I'm talking about
but yeah can't believe it's been two
years that's insane
so we're gonna catch up with her in the
afternoon and grab some dinner and yeah
really looking forward to yeah to being
here and just yeah I mean isn't this the
weather's not incredible but just the
vibes are gonna be great and yeah it's
gonna be a good few days I'll catch you
in the morning peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
