good morning guys we just left the hotel
and we've come down to the first project
of today this Garrett's behind me is
quite an incredible story is basically
just over 10 years ago regenerate which
is the charity that would come out here
with brought a group of young people out
and one of the young people Luke saw the
need in this community and decided he
wanted to fund and build this garish to
provide jobs for people here and yeah we
could have a look around now all of this
wood yeah how it was all squashed in I
think contingency yeah but now it's like
this one no more Isaac from the streets
any other wife with kids yeah so get
rescued from the script with kids and
now he's got an hour job here now I got
job here and then the kids are going on
in the building with school and school
amazing sometimes people don't
understand for training gives us our
drive and
but I just wanted us to speed up this
t21 what's your name sir his name is
Emmanuel Mora he can't walk to us poorly
he couldn't even but with his shot drugs
have taken effect over his joints and he
needed support of his plans to move from
one place to the other to get him from
this bus stop to the home we have to
quit him enough will burn and we got him
enough will burrow to the home and for
two months consecutive we had to go
through some form of treatment an
injection every day at every day he'll
be quilt on a wheelbarrow to the nearby
dispensary for an injection and the
gentleman recovered and got an
opportunity to come and start training
in here so we've had Mora for now I and
a half and this really caught up to the
work we can now lipsti and morale looks
and he says that thank you for giving me
but thank you for giving me back my life
and it's just like I have a second
chance
likewise and he really appreciates a
disease I was dead but my life so as
well as mechanics here they do woodwork
and they build furniture for the school
and the children's home so we just
arrived at the next project we're seeing
today this is a secondary store that
Sammy has built some he's the main guy
that's at the orphanage and the other
school we saw yesterday and we've been
supporting over the years amazing guy
and this is the next next project it's
gonna have a look what we believe in is
not funding an orphanage we are
developing athletes life and this is
where the challenge falls into place
once you become public rooting for your
family
this is the lights traveling Africa how
cool is this you know that my boarding
school experience was like the best
years of my life so I'm so excited for
these kids now I want to come back and
help like give them ideas for like
traditions and fun things and what we do
now
this whole area is gonna be like full of
trees so we split into pairs and we are
planting a tree together me and Raya
pick this tree you're just trying to
decide a name yeah here is look it's a
tiny little training
I think this one's a bit it's not
completely straight like it's a bit
skewing it so we've just arrived at the
dump site this is another place I came
to last time was in Kenya two years ago
and yeah it's it's pretty full-on here
actually there's a lot of people living
in amongst all the rubbish that comes
and gets dropped off here and they kind
of sift through it and find food and
things they can sell and yeah it's
pretty horrific but there's there's some
amazing things happening Sammy's been
taking a lot of the young girls that
have grown up here and bringing them to
the children's home and the school that
he's set up and yeah there's this stuff
going on to try and improve the lives of
people here and come up with solutions
for them
what's this place under this is our
school that I've just built on the dump
site so about 50 kids that live here on
the dump
it's the first time there's been a
school here as far as I know Lisa gets
some education education is the way out
yeah it's literally a lot no Shack
because like Sax's walls hello nice to
meet you what's your name hmm
hey Linda nice to meet you
so one of the ways that sure 24 which is
the local charity we've been support and
helps the people here if they bring them
some other basic foods they need so
lentils rice sugar stuff like that and
they're just handing some of that out
now
so behind me they're setting up a little
market place where they're hoping to
sell some of the stuff they've made from
the rubbish dump here - like little bags
jewelry and stuff I actually brought my
sister a little bag goodbye goodbye
we're back at the hotel
it's always very moving going to the
dump site and just trying to process
everything and I find it quite difficult
when I'm there just to like take it all
in but it's amazing how welcoming the
people are and just the song and dance
and the smiles and I just think I don't
know how they keep their morale up and
how they stay happy in the condition
conditions like that and it feels a
little bit hopeless and like I was here
two years ago there's a lot of the same
faces and but I think the ongoing
support that sure 24 doing like some of
the the food they're bringing but more
importantly the education they're
providing a lot of the girls there and
rehousing a lot of their their orphans
and the dumpsite and I think long-term
hopefully it all transformed that
community and and hopefully move them
off the dumpsite and and help them
better their lives but yeah very very
impacting thing to go there again
meanwhile I haven't achieved one tonight
another hotel we have a little rest the
others have gone out for dinner but
we're having dinner here and a bit
laptop Club how you getting on with your
hair there
yeah and I'm quite happy because I found
some vegetable curry and some spinach
and chapati well we're gonna get an
early night tonight because I didn't get
to bed till like 5:00 a.m. yesterday or
today or this morning I don't really
know what's going on I'm confused but I
hope you guys have enjoyed seeing some
of the projects today and seeing some of
the cool work that's happening out here
and it's been awesome that would've been
over yeah I can't be a part of it
temporarily this week I'm gonna go and
see some more stuff tomorrow SARC in the
morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
