good morning guys we have left the hotel
we're on our way to Nakuru and we
stopped off to get some snacks and some
breakfast and stuff I drove my basket
with cashew nuts so far are you feeling
this morning guys look at the size of
this bunch of bananas it asked you 30
bananas on that one Bunch
that is the biggest bunch bananas
without the same that's the right size
but I've already got these ones I
couldn't miss those him sir
guys we've arrived
I'm a little bit sleepy I fell asleep in
the car who we are we're at a school
we're about to see the rest of the team
so they're just finishing out the
painting we we arrived here quite late
today so we're not gonna join in gonna
have to find some clothes to get messy
tomorrow but I'm just sitting here
watching the football and let go I
bumped into guys do you remember Teddy
two years ago when I was here I don't
man I'm good yeah crazy two years going
to be if you haven't watched the videos
from two years ago I'll link and blog
but that's when I met Teddy and this is
this is where he goes to school how old
do you know oh good to see you again but
we're gonna be hanging out this week
meet some new friends and yeah just
sitting how we can help really mainly
just seeing the awesome projects they're
here and what's been going on
yeah give me a lot of cool people this
week you may see some friends over here
oh yeah I'm Louie Louie oh it's just a
very brief visit to the school today now
checking the hotel and then we're
tomorrow apparently we're planting some
trees
that's refund
we have checked in clobberin had a
little rest and now we're heading out to
dinner with a gang
finish dinner it's a lovely night it's
good to be back here flapping back in
Kenya we have a register that's how many
people are with us being at school again
we're gonna have a little game of pool
before we go to bed
did you just wait we're doing pretty
well okay we did so well nice
so solid yeah
I quite like being YRF sports because
she's super competitive
okay good good and we know yesterday
there's a volleyball court at the school
so we can play that and then you can be
a bit yeah yeah but you've got skills
okay we're done no boys in this hotel
there's loads of amazing posters firstly
to start Alicia Keys and then some run
the baby and then you go check the one
in our room say P Rio why is there baby
that looks like that you are welcome
thank you feel welcome it's time to go
to bed
I've been really out of it today guys
and when I'm out of it I forget how to
vlog so I think today's vlog has been
really random but I think it would be a
bit easier to follow and more articulate
tomorrow and the next few days are gonna
be pretty awesome and lots of cool
things are happening and I hopefully be
able to show you the amazing stuff
that's happening out here right catching
the morning peace out enjoy your life
live the adventure boom
