I just landed even answer them after
what was probably one of the best nights
I've ever had and need to go check
yesterday's vlog find out why but I'll
tell you why but basically we had the
most stunning show from the Northern
Lights as we passed over Greenland and I
managed to capture a lot out of the
window but it was mind-blowing so I'm
gonna get made yeah now I'm headed to my
rope
oh yeah good man what's your name Riga
oh I'm just walking for my next guy and
I just bumped into her he go
Brazil and he's heading home yeah a good
trip initially yeah that's nice so I
always like bumping interviewers it does
actually have a boy a lot in the airport
especially when I'm walk around logging
my luck it looks really silly in public
but I'm very used to it
right so yes I just flew in from Calgary
and now I'm heading to Nairobi like I
said and it's it's another like eight
hour flight or something
I didn't sleep in the last flight which
is a little bit silly I'm going to try
get some sleep in this one
there's nothing print out the hustle the
best
Oh
well boys I slept the whole flight and
we are just at the lands for their rush
back my seat oh I feel very
disorientated
like knowing ours
like I said pretty much slipped away
it only
unusual experience with
in that SIM card
- Giga they are my fight
and now as a Sean AIDS on the whole
country this is how
Internet should be done mobile into
there you know just throwing up the
simple in quickly
last summer when luckily I was used by
us but they did support units made in
Resident
so I just jumped in a cab to go to the
hotel didn't realize that I was meeting
Breyer at the airport and then I just
got Facebook message and she's like I've
landed and I was like oh I thought she'd
go eight hours ago so so luckily I
hadn't left yet and she's she's over
here she's gonna jump in a cab with me
as close
I I honestly thought you got in hours
ago
oh it's all my ski stuff hey oh hey it's
nice to meet ya this is freaking amazing
you might take your picture that's good
right do you mind
boss do you wanna take your picture
well it's been a full day of travel I'm
pretty tired if I slept the whole flight
I didn't do this jetlag thing well this
time around slept all day and that was
the evening about I'm gonna wake up at
like 4:00 a.m. what something stupid
it's gonna be an exciting week I haven't
told you guys much about it but we are
heading to a little town called McCurry
in the morning we're gonna meet up with
Andy who runs the project up there
there's like an orphanage and a school
and I have actually been working with
this particular place or visiting it
since 2007 which is when it was first
set up so it's exciting let's go back
and take you guys along again brings
Ryder as well it's gonna be awesome all
right before I go to bed I thought I'd
show you some of the answers you gave to
the question I asked last which was if
you didn't have to earn an income like
if you didn't have to work for money
what would you spend your time doing hi
Louie if I didn't have to worry about
work or money I would be traveling the
world and finding inspiration for my art
if income wasn't an issue I would
probably spend my time traveling the
world and then writing poems about all
of the places I went I would go
traveling around the world and spend a
lot of time with my friends traveling
exploring new places and meeting new
people I would want to travel I would
write I would write every day because
writing is my life I would probably open
up my own mobile coffee business
spending time with loved ones playing
music and learning and reading as much
as I can I think I'll spend my time
creating some music and cleaning I would
take a break allow myself to breathe
travel the world but I would keep on
studying because medicine is my passion
and I really want to become a doctor one
day no matter how much money I have on
my bank account so thanks again guys for
those answers the question I'm going to
leave you with this week is a two-part
question one is what your biggest fears
and secondly how do you plan to overcome
those fears so it's a two-part question
I am interested in hearing the Broads
answers we get in because I think people
are actually afraid of lots of different
things but those things often hold us
back in life from reaching our full
potential and being the best people we
can be in the world to everyone around
us so yeah send them in email below and
on the meeting catch the guys in the
morning for some Kenyan adventures peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure
