good morning guys we're heading back
over to Shore 24 we're gonna be having
some more fun and getting to the kids at
the school today so doing another sports
day today and Riya is gonna teach with
the kids volleyball the excites teaching
volleyball we just need to put the net
up that can be an extra point they can
then get it through the hole
and these realize is better at
volleyball with his head already
I'm gonna put eight people here
everyone's a winner
tug-of-war going on over here
who else loves them I used to love
seminars at school I think maybe because
we had a whole day of lessons but still
we playing over here Bonnie idea too
much stuff stink British bulldog classic
British bulldog time for lunch
more veggie samosas it's probably clear
my handlers really covered in dust
it's insanely that's they took my
I like your pictures monkey oh hey hello
this is the last day we're actually at
the school hanging out with the kids and
it's been it's been pretty awesome I
think the main thing for me is just
seeing the team that have come out from
London and a lot of those guys that
regenerate have been working with in
London having come from the best home
situations or the best past and it's
opportunities like this coming out here
and being able to contribute and be part
of a project I think that's been quite
life-changing for a lot of them and I
know when I first came out to Africa
knowing that that was actually yeah
maybe 2007 that was like life-changing
enough for me and I just think some of
these guys that are still teenagers and
and quite it's quite easy to get wrapped
up in your own life and your own
situation especially if back in London
it's a bit of a struggle and then coming
out here and seeing real struggle and
seeing how happy the kids are and how
much they're making of their lives even
if even if they're from complete poverty
and and had kind of difficult starts
their lives yeah the most it's a bit of
a gives you a different look on Outlook
and lightning helps you see things in
perspective a little bit more so I'm a
big fan of these kind of trips and it's
great that that such a big team came out
yeah I think this will be the start of
some big things for some of the young
people one of the girls this morning was
saying that she's totally changed her
and her life goals and what she wants to
do with their future and she wants to
spend a lot more time out here and doing
projects like this grateful introduce
your friends to be a newscaster so
develop active yeah I love talking when
I grow up to be a newscaster and I love
you guys and I love it okay you guys
remember teddy he's just gonna tell us
what he's been up to and show us around
the what time do you start school in the
morning
that is dedication I don't know if I
could start school at 6:30 everybody
that you're watching this is our school
I'd like to tell you that I love you and
and the next time you will find new
changes in this in this class is
shortened for it is out that caters for
people like me who does not have parents
or in the Galleon but in this home where
they are taught how to to love each one
another and to love God and have
friendship
this is a place where we love and we are
given food we are given food lunch
it makes us know that we have a future
and it give us hope that one day we'll
become somebody
we're back at the Children's Home and
Teddy's gonna show us around
is this where you stay and all your
friends live in here do you love it yeah
see I never stayed this many friends was
I missing out just live with all your
best friends like did you have did you
have bedrooms on this day with loads of
people not as many people but we had
like a house of 40 girls and they were
just like oh yeah I'm a common term all
the time so we had enough
saying goodbye to with the kids that's
me Louise I miss you guys today so we've
just finished in our dinner downstairs
and then we started playing this game
which are tell you about tomorrow but
it's a pretty fun game but we got very
sidetracked and I've not quite finished
my edit but it has been nice socializing
this evening because most evenings we've
got back so tired that would like
basically gone straight to our room and
just edited ink on the bed so it has
been nice and that it is gone midnight
and we are getting up at 6:00 a.m. to go
on a safari Drive so I should probably
go to sleep soon and I'm looking forward
to seeing some of the animals here and
comparing the drive to the ones we did a
couple of weeks ago in South Africa but
it's been a great day it's been awesome
hanging out other kids and yeah I'm
looking forward to the rest of our time
here in Kenya see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and lived
Benja babe
