we've just arrived back at the school
that we came from the first day and
today we're gonna be running some
activities with the kids I think we're
doing a sports a we're gonna be doing
like photography workshops and like
drama and maybe teaching them to vlog a
little bit so I'll get some of them on
camera
it'll be pretty fun they're just
organizing the teams for their sports
activities so the rest of the group is
in the sports day and then few of us
headed over to the to the orphanage
where the children live and we're gonna
be painting the dining room that they
have there I haven't seen this place for
two years and I wanted to show Raya
because this is the the first building
here is where I came in 2007 and like
none of this was here I think this is
the first building that was here
and this is where they have their lunch
probably got the painter back insistence
they did a second coat on this world
looking for eight years
this pizza hello
yeah this is good isn't it let's go and
check how the sport studies going oh
guys I just hit my head quite badly on
this his door and I think it's bleeding
maybe we should get this cleaned up
oh listen vegan I hit my head right next
to clinic little Medical Center yeah
does it hurt sometimes it it's always
doorways where they can ask just out my
eyeline now are they're the true thing
affiliates driven
oh no it's fine
stay there this looks ridiculous well
I'm gonna underwear it for a little bit
and then and then in a couple of hours
artifical but let's try this again
without hitting my head okay okay we
good we're good
look who I found let me see ah you
haven't got rabies empty
you haven't got rabies you happy Doug
yeah we are getting some lunch lunch
break okay what's the most is what hello
so guys this this guy Danny's just shown
up oh yeah please one of my viewers from
Kenya I didn't even know it really had
to leave you some candy but he watched
my snapchat and figured out that we were
in the Cure and he's traveled all the
way from Nairobi to say hi you say he's
just arrived it's crazy he is gonna show
us around now this is this is pizza all
right show us the way okay is the one
who do this and you follow the water
here is the water does this business
fund some of the projects yeah
that's a project that helps young boys
from Shore 24 to be busy here and there
make sure like they know how to do this
yeah
when they finished with the program if
they can go out or if they stay here
they can do business and they know how
to communicate with people so yeah it's
part of that schooling and training is
to help support the water in run the
business
my nameís mother she doesn't have so
because she's a street dance so she
sleep with everybody and one of the boys
is the father to mama
and she doesn't know yeah so she don't
know who is the father of every father
so do you know the job that mother
bananas mother does
she's keeping or she's hiding the thief
the robust when they go and I Jack cars
and do some things they come with that
money to mañana's house to their home
and then do some stuff like which they
distribute money that you're going to
get this one I'm going to get this one
and they have guns and sometimes the
coral up to the point having fight you
can't realize that Morales he has some
cards and some that is sometimes when
there is a very very tough
there and they don't care who is who
they catch even babies and throwing this
side because they want to fight this
side and that's where mañana's get
rescued here in this place so for him to
be here it's very good because he tried
to recover slowly by slowly yeah so we
have a small house here and we have this
guy hello Jeff and he put this kind of a
sitting room here yeah for these kids to
realize that now I mean home I am
accepted yes
so to realize that to bring back the
mind from this rich to whole kind of
life okay so the pig belly so so yeah it
feels like it because like a human
what's her name piggy hello piggy well
thanks for the tour pizza we're gonna do
some workshops with some of the kids now
we're we're gonna do some photography
and like little vlogging things we get
the iPhone out George is showing the
kids how to take photos in some
portraits
taking photos of each other they're
gonna go into town tonight and print
them all off and then tomorrow there we
have a photo of ourselves pretty cool
what are you doing in here oh yeah you
can bring a unicorn
I'm having so much fun showing the kids
of snapchat builders if any of you
follow me on snapchat you the scene it's
going wild life in the dog pillar and
stuff up open your mouth yeah
it's amazing seeing the kids here
functioning so well and despite their
home situations or places they've come
from and whether it's the stree or you
know alcoholic parents or whatever the
background and to see them flourishing
here and hopefully you know following
through with the education and providing
amazing opportunities in their lives
like it was just chatting to one of the
girls and that has grown up here and
went to school here and choosing the
girls dormitories and she's about to go
to university to study law I just think
it's amazing to see that progression
from essentially no opportunities and
and in a very bad situation to being
educated and helped and during this part
this big family here is yeah so good
which sat down with all the kids we're
gonna eat some dinner but before we eat
dinner they're gonna do a little song
for us there's a few of them at the
front there
so having some chapati and rice for
dinner
the good Sunday
it was so small negative
so we come here from England to play
some sports to play some games to do a
bit decorating whatever we're doing it
has it's so good for us we just love it
you enrich our lives even though you
guys don't know it and you think that
we're here to help you you guys are
helping us really we come here from our
lives and we'll pull up in everything in
our own lives and we come here and we
see you people and you're so happy and
it makes us happy
back at the hotel that's a pretty
intense day we did a lot of stuff
painting sports days Photo Club all that
jazz and there's a funny evening as well
I I'm pretty tired now though so we're
gonna we're gonna sleep and I think
we're heading back to the school
tomorrow
and I'm gonna be hanging out with Teddy
some more and I'll get him to film some
with of a local because he's busy during
the day now like his secondary school so
he's only around until after 4:00 or
something anyway he said it come and say
hi to you guys say happy cool right
see in the morning he's down enjoy life
live the adventure
