good afternoon guys we're heading back
to the slopes oh yeah
we're feeling a little bit worse where
today hike
oh my guys the other boys headed out
like an hour to go yeah we were we did a
lot of things yesterday we were a key
guys look at oh my gosh hello where's
this best from okay Wow looks closed
punch in the face of that I've always
thought if I saw a bear would want to
cuddle it but maybe not thirteen hundred
times more effective than our nose oh
yeah the guy yesterday when it was
ultimate smell thing
well thanks for saying as your bear
thanks
well we seem to have lost Nick somewhere
totally sure way disability
well we shut down to the bottom of the
mountain city with my Nick she's not
here either
I do not know where he went right I
guess we can just wait here the
conditions are not as nice to that tool
there and quite icy this loads are quite
icy where are you Nick where are you bro
yes guys Nicky boys back we found it we
found it
we were starting to worry a little bit
to be honest I thought it like peeled
off and clung his head on the tree or
something
he said what happened it
you guys went ahead and then I I went
down left and I couldn't get back up cuz
you guys went right and then that means
that I was trying to cut across the
trees to get to you guys literally just
I suppose like was ice and his time like
short little turns gosh I couldn't do on
this board yeah your price yeah so we're
gonna hit one more run lunch
we're gonna sell and keep it on it
babe just get some food and I just know
this is ice to go outside guys check out
the size of that icicle that's
ridiculous that could kill someone
easily
mushroom Steve awesome descent down the
mountain speedo rapper oh no thanks
better speed your ass going tell me
below what's the fastest you've ever got
on snowboarding snowboard or skis yeah
be honest
that's an awesome last run of the day I
think it's time to go and jump in the
hot tub now we've just been chilling in
the hot tub relaxing for a couple of
hours
Steve's actually head into bed early
because he had a very late night turned
in the night man
we're gonna go and get some food alright
let's go get some food boys yeah boy in
a time sick doors do it do it Dave do
the cowboy
yeah
you going in tonight Dave was here till
3:00 a.m. well it's been a pretty
relaxed afternoon and the evening
hanging with the boys just catching up
this is one of the main reasons I wanted
to get together with everyone and have
some quality time together like this and
yeah it's been good it's been a little
bit more chilled today than yesterday
obviously we were like snowboarding
snowshoeing ice skating and we just got
a little bit of boarding in today but it
was still a lot of fun we're actually
heading to sunshine village which is
another ski resort nearby and we are
going to move to another hotel over in
Banff for the remainder of the trip
tomorrow so that should be fun but
before I go guys I wanted to show some
of the responses he gave to the question
that I asked last week which was what do
you love about yourself hi Louie my name
is Anjali and one thing that I love
about myself is my ability to freely
express how much I'm grateful and
thankful for the people around me
something I love about myself is that I
never stop believing
I love passion my passion my favorite
thing about myself is that I don't
really care what people think my ability
to keep on trying I play music and I
teach other kids piano I look on life I
always try to look for the best and the
people that I meet and that I know I can
create art my ability to make people
happy
love about myself is that I can make the
people around me happy and smile even if
the day they're having is not the best
yeah thanks for sending those in guys
I really appreciate it because it
actually makes me feel like I'm not just
talking to a camera but there's lots of
people real people that really think
about their lives and some of these
questions I'm asking and these aren't
necessarily the best questions but
they're questions I've thought about and
I think are important and I think
especially this question loving about
loving yourself I think in our society
particularly we're not encouraged to or
it's more difficult to love yourself and
I think it's easier to find things to
hate or to criticize about who we are
and I think it's great to celebrate the
things that we do love so thanks for
sending those in guys and I'm gonna well
and I'm gonna ask another question what
I'm gonna ask another question that is
what's the question the question is okay
if you didn't have to work and spend
your time working for money so that
isn't an issue that's sorted in your
life so you never have to worry about
income what would you spend your time
doing so give give that some thought
it's going to be different for everyone
obviously because of our different
passions but imagine if you didn't have
to and maybe some of you are lucky
enough that watching that you don't need
to work for an income maybe even hair
it's a lot of money maybe you've already
made all the money you need and you've
retired I don't know but what do you
spend your time doing and it's something
I've thought about like at what point do
you not need to focus on income I mean
obviously that's a very privileged
position to be in but anyway there's the
question I'll let you guys think about
it
I'll the emails below that you can send
those video responses in and and I will
be showing those answers in a vlog next
week all right I will see you in the
morning and
get some rest now cuz I haven't been
sleeping a lot peace out into a life and
lived the adventure they
