good afternoon guys we have gone for a
little wander around antigua before we
need to leave and this is one of the
most beautiful cities have ever been in
its it's very like um kind of run-down
but in a really beautiful way similar to
Cuba I think yeah it's really nice like
a bit q BRE and a bit Italy and lots of
colors it's wicked very peaceful
people love my bikes in Antigua look at
them Oh
it's Coffee time Wow I think they wrote
their own cookin
cheers Dave juice buddy and c12 a lot of
time what are you new
oh thank you
Kenshiro toe this city is surrounded by
like massive volcanoes it's kind of
crazy
I like hills and unfortunately we don't
have time to walk up and hear them but
we could have I think it's like there's
a little trip you can do from here where
you can go and roast your marshmallows
in in like a little hop volcano thing
guys look in there the whole building is
like collapsed in knots
Davis just sported the most awesome bus
ever hello
they've even gotten upstairs it's a
double-decker can we go up welcome yes
all right Wow let's do this I'm guessing
it doesn't drive with this rooftop far
today Windows is tables bro love it this
is so good
or and we won
oh well look at the man is very yes
volcanoes yesterday we were told that
one of these volcanoes erupted like five
weeks ago and they could see the
eruption from Mexico
that's pretty nuts in it I don't think
it was like a bad bad eruption and
everything there's like lava spewing out
of that stuff but I love it I want to
explore more volcanoes
Louie is a slightly different height to
these lovely ladies literally twice
literate oh my gosh more than twice
could be more than twice we're back at
the hotel we're about to catch a taxi to
the airport I just want to show you guys
a little clip from our room last night
we've just arrived at our hotel amazing
room and this guy's just about to start
a fire you know my own place
they have you ever had a fireplace no
room for no ones this is this is could
be my favorite there's no stairs
so yeah this hotel is pretty awesome me
and Dave was saying if we come back here
to Auntie grew up we're probably gonna
try and stay here just he's so chill and
I love the because of the open fires in
the rooms it's got this amazing kind of
an even over breakfast this morning it's
got this like smoky kind of smell of
yeah like a bonfire or a campfire thing
it kind of I've never had that at like a
pretty nice hotel before and it just
creates complete different vibe I
haven't thought about scent in that way
before I just think about this stuff
Weaver I'd to the airport neither me or
Dave recognized the airport I was like
totally out of it when we arrived but I
hope this is the correct Airport now
we're flying from I'm assuming stay
gonna cheat a little subway C tomato
yeah coming over
so me and Dave had already gone through
security and they've sent me back out
because I have to check this in this is
my power extension cable in all the
flights have ever done in all the years
of flown I've never had to check this in
or there's never been any problems with
this thing on Hanah luggage but
apparently this airline there's a
problem so I'm checking it in bring your
little lounge stop off before we get in
flight with my at reduced Tuesday's
that's it yeah and whiskey I made a
little bit of an error on this flight
because I move seeks the h0 and I left
my bag up this end I have to wait till
everyone had left the plane there me and
day for the last I behold
yeah we've landed in LA good looks like
someone left their bag
Oh another one
you love forgetful
thank you thank you we go to the right
well we got through customs pretty quick
that's nice
they forgot the name of their Airport
we're going but I'm waiting for my power
adapter that you backed up a little box
oh here we go
sound that sound there let's get it out
yeah I found our airport shuttle today
we're just saying
they feels like coming back to
California's a little bit like of a
moment I could've build the same
I like a bazooka
our food is the right guys we've just
been waiting an hour for take-out food
we found somewhere else allegedly they
just threw that me that was a smoothie
oh sorry I thought it was like a subway
but I bought I bought two this is I
bought vegetable Charmaine and and a see
whoa oh we went in it's also like 1 a.m.
now guys and I'm just staying awake
because I'm hungry
oh yeah talking about oh yeah
oh that's incorrect definite it's 1:00
oh well I ambitiously thought I'd be
able to maybe meet up with some people
in LA tonight but we just got in the way
too late and we're heading off tomorrow
lunchtime to Calgary but we're hoping to
go and grab some breakfast or something
or I can down on Venice or sell a Monica
or something but for now I think it's
time to go to bed I don't catch you guys
in the morning
peace out into a life literally venture
