good morning guys I've just taken a few
days off vlogging I've been resting up
in this beautiful little air B&B tucked
away in the hillsides near Kona and it's
been just what I've needed this little
like sanctuary just to recuperate and
yeah I've realized I've been completely
burnt out I'm sure you're not surprised
but it's been yeah a very intense couple
of months and I'm happy with with her
this week here in Hawaii just to kind of
rest and gain some energy and yeah I
feel like I've done that I'm heading off
now and I'm actually going over to this
University this Christian University
it's the why WOM base in in Hawaii I
don't know if any of you know about why
I Amish like this Christian organization
youth with a mission and yeah they're
pretty cool and I met some of the guys
in Denny's a couple of nights ago anyway
I've been hanging out with them we went
and watched the sunset the other night
and they've invited me to come and hang
out and potentially share a little bit
at one of their classes they're doing
like a kind of media class I guess video
workshops and stuff like that anyway I'm
gonna go in them yeah meet the guys hang
out with them and then they're kindly
offered to hosting me as well I'm gonna
be staying with some of the guys
crashing in their couch the next kind of
nice getting to know them a bit and
hopefully as well they've connected me
with a local Hawaiian lady who will get
to interview so it's gonna be a fun day
right guys I've arrived this is Zane
yeah we watch the sunset we have a night
like I'm saying and yeah today I'll try
and give you a little bit of a tour if I
can of this like compass because this is
incredible I had a little look here last
night but this is really inspiring and
yeah hopefully I'll get to meet some
cool guys is this the closer and it's
like a media video class okay so
basically training people on how to take
love tea into the world basically the
way you do it for those of you that
don't know me I have been making videos
in YouTube for the last like probably
like five years over five years now and
most of that has been daily vlogs I take
the occasional day off and then yeah
built a relatively big audience in
YouTube and the last two and a half
months I've been doing a particular trip
which has been probably the biggest
adventure but the most challenging
adventure I've been on yet and that's
circumnavigating the world in a small
plane that my friend JP is flying
success in a 210 and in the next couple
of days we're going to be doing our
final leg to California and I've been
trying to vlog the whole thing I'm a
little bit behind in my videos I think
the one I just uploaded this mornings
from Pakistan and then from there we
went to India Sri Lanka Malaysia Bali
Australia New Zealand Fiji American
Samoa Christmas Island and then here so
there's a few videos to come there
and one of the other big challenges on
this trip for me is as well as making
the videos in YouTube I wanted to create
some content that was something I could
share with the rest of the world people
that aren't necessarily subscribe to my
channel or maybe they don't go on to you
too much so I decided to embark on
making like a short documentary about
trip and I wanted to focus on how we're
all connected as humanity how we're all
United and I guess celebrating the
different diverse cultures that we come
across rather than the kind of
segregation and conflict we see in the
media a lot is actually saying like we
want to embrace people around the world
and also here hearing from other people
it's been so encouraging for me and I
was saying to these guys the other night
they're the one thing that everyone
share shared that when I asked up what
do we all share in common was the need
to be loved no matter what culture or
religion or any any one we spoke to that
was the resonating thing that people
were saying is that yeah that they they
feel the need to be loved and that's
something that I guess all humans do
across the world so it's gonna be really
a really cool film hopefully it will
have a bit of an impact and I'd love to
share it far and wide once we once we
get it edited and stuff early next year
right
wow that's pretty awesome we had like
two hours of they have me sharing my
life and answering questions and
chatting with a lot of these kids
everyone's just I'm excited to this lot
because they are like they've just
started I think they're a month into
being here on the campus and they're
gonna be heading out all around the
world doing like missionary trips and I
don't know I'm excited they all seem
super pumped about life it's good to be
around a lot of positive people that are
wanting to change the world and yeah now
we're going on a little tour these boys
are taking me around the campus where we
head in our guys CrossFit gym they run
to train people to hike oh nice
and then later on we need to go back and
see the treehouse again in the day guys
in a minute I'll take you to there's
this like awesome tree and they've built
like this tree house that looked like a
boat in it and I went up in there late
last night but I can really see a lot
but it's fear was inspirational it was
inspirational something that's really
cool that they just told me about is
that this little area in here is for
when people are leaving because they've
got people comes kind of coming in and
out of the campus all the time it's like
constant like conveyor belt people this
is like a thrift store but it's like
free for people just to come and like
take from so like people drop off stuff
when they're ready to go and then it's
like people the neat stuff they can come
and take it though I like it
what's going on over here
what are these what are these trees
banyan trees every time this grows it
starts a new trunk that grows up instead
of my trunks growing up they grow from
the top and come down so these start it
at the top and then they touch the
ground and then they the roots go in and
they know I have no idea this is how
they I mean I can see it now you've
mentioned it but I just had no idea
that's how it oh you've never had so
much fun climbing a tree it's like it's
crazy okay this is so insane this is
like my absolute dream
yeah
if I could make a treehouse like this
this would be like my life goal yeah
yeah but like but like more put multiple
treehouses connected these are the yeah
these are the bridges you want like
these are pretty safe as well like
because these are like kid-friendly yeah
it's true you wouldn't worry about like
someone falling off that yeah I think
let me like a bit more room maybe like
four times this may or may be multiple
rooms if you go this is so cool
yeah this is like a kid's dream this is
like my dream guys this is one of my
favorite things about the whole campus
is in the entrance here they've got this
fountain just surrounded by like not
every nation but a lot of nations flags
great news I finally found someone with
Hawaiian heritage to interview this is
lady I don't know much about her but
people have said she's like the perfect
subject chatty she hasn't got long she's
probably got like a 20-minute slot so
I'm racing now I'm gonna go back and
pick up this guy meek who we were
hanging out with this morning and he's
gonna help me film a little bit and some
good content for the documentary yes bro
thanks for coming to help me man my name
is Lee Nala foreign born and raised here
in the Island of Hawaii Kona this
district my Aloha for my place my people
teaching the next generation is what
part of my passion my family come from
this land as well from different parts
of this aina and so again I'm passionate
about my culture my language my people
my heritage my history and the
responsibility that I have to share what
we have to offer to the world
well the Hawaiian culture is wrapped in
what we know of the word Aloha so the
meaning Aloha is the face ha the breath
the one who gives life and so one thing
that is so different from many nations
or countries around the world is we live
that way of life and growing up here is
we learn that you Aloha everyone you
love everyone could be the stranger the
closest to kin but a love was a part of
just our culture our language and who we
are and some of the things I see growing
up and why my Hawaii or we as Hawaiian
people are so connected to our place and
our stories we come from a place where
all of our language is wrapped in oral
stories and it's passed on from one
generation to another our island Zuber
it's love you know it's a gracious
people we are gracious people we're kind
people we might not know you will Aloha
you and we might not even know who your
friends friend is is but it's the right
thing to do Aloha is the
word that has so many meanings and it's
the word that represents the people
Aloha is the people and the people is
Aloha Aloha is the land and the land is
what the people take care of so I am
passionate I'm happy to travel the world
but I'm very happy to return home okay
guys we have just finished shooting an
interview with Liana Ella she has been
sharing a lot about her heritage as a
Hawaiian did you enjoy the interview
yeah it was great it was great I think
the best interviews I've said this
before us like I'm not really asking
many questions and it's just you know
some was just sharing and talking and
yeah this was really really cool I can't
wait for you to see some of the clips
when we finally released the documentary
yeah I'm glad we got this I've been
worried for a few days because I haven't
found anyone to share and you were like
perfect I was really really cool see ya
thanks so much
I've just dropped off me Kat this brave
that why I'm putting on for some local
youth and I thought I'd pop in they
really know what to expect
okay this is where I'm staying for the
night it's a it's a pretty comfy couch
um yeah this is a nice space I actually
don't know anyone in this house I
haven't met anyone in this house
maybe I met someone yesterday in this
house anyway everyone was asleep when we
got back from the cinema and I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna sleep on the couch
and I guess say hi to the guys in the
morning
JP messaged me tonight and he said the
fuel tank is fitted in the plane we're
awaiting approval like a sign-off thing
like paperwork or something and should
be able to fly out on Monday we should
be good in a couple of days it's been a
chilled day it's been cool hanging out
these guys lots of deep conversations
I'll catch you up on but um I feel yeah
I feel like I don't know like and in a
nice way like like I belong here I think
kind of growing up in this similar
church culture don't know these guys are
just so positive it's just so refreshing
to be around and just the ambition and
the dreams and you know it's just very
wholesome pure environment where where
everyone's very excited about life and
yeah it's it's nice to be around very
nice to be around
right I'll catch in the morning peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure
