good morning guys it's another beautiful
day in Guatemala and like I said
yesterday I'm here
teaming up with pencil promise and
Microsoft's just seeing some of the cool
projects they're doing and today we are
surprising the school with some new
furniture and school desks and stuff
should be pretty cool before we leave I
just want to show you a funny sign this
is our hotel no guns no trumpets paid in
this money Dave good man a bit sad that
we just missed its Latin America bus and
we wanted to really never telling the
story that it's more than America yeah
beep I've been three three man I've just
come back and they're everywhere
but we've just missed the golden moment
where they are all in the bus so we
wanted to reenact the dumb and Dumberer
moment Louie should think it below it
but like Guatemala style really know the
towns that way and I know you made a
terrible mistake the towns that way
how's everyone feeling this morning
Wow
we have arrived what welcome what
welcome
state have you ever had fireworks to
welcome you sir
oh my god oh my god
hola yes yes coconuts
as beautiful as this is hardly wishes
that wouldn't be such a big fuss about
our surviving but I guess also you don't
want to stop a community celebrating
something they're excited about the fact
that because the promise have been able
to provide them in a big way so it's
quite a it's an interesting scenario
I'm not sure there's words in English or
Spanish or any language actually to
describe what award welcome given us I'm
actually speechless that is so special
to get to be here to meet communities
and kids and teachers and principals and
to be here as part of pencils of promise
and getting to see this work in action
the school desk and chair they've just
arrived
so these trips only having about 10 to
15 times a year where supporters of
pencils of promise who are invited out
to see the impact that they're having
and these last couple of days have been
about Microsoft funding 10 different
schools including the furniture and
deaths that have been delivered now and
yeah I don't even know this community
that had visitors before so obviously it
was a really big deal and really
exciting for them to know that this kind
of stuffs supporting the kids futures
enabling them and equipping them too I
guess
yes succeed in life and not be squashed
or stopped from learning so it's just
yeah it's really amazing to see
communities like this be empowered and I
guess the world being made better really
it's it's great to be involved it's kind
of emotional actually like a lot of a
lot of the guys here a bit emotional
seeing seeing how this villages reacted
I like it working and dancing
so guys these are the old debts that
they were using pre beating up falling
apart and now they've got these
brand-new ones he's also
this is my favorite team
well I'm still trying to wrap my head
around how incredible that morning was
and how welcoming this village has been
and it's just been so much fun again I
think Guatemalan people up there and the
the funnest most enjoyable to hang out
with people in the world and yeah I've
really really really enjoyed it this
morning but we are now heading off for
some lunch I think it's a three-hour
drive
this is awesome but what's the use oi
we liked it this restaurant man they
found a little diner fight seven little
play this is amazing we've arrived our
hotel for the night
hopefully David me get to do a bit of
exploring before heading back to Gotham
ala city but it has been an incredible
time just I love Guatemala I love the
people here it's been awesome hanging
out with pencils of promise and
Microsoft and just seeing the incredible
projects we have and meeting just
beautiful beautiful people and yeah it's
it's only been brief just a couple of
days
I'd love to come back out here and see
some more and do some more exploring but
there'll have to be another time because
tomorrow night Dave and me are heading
out of here but hopefully we can yeah
hopefully we can have a good day
tomorrow see some cool things and I'll
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
Adventure Bay
