good morning guys
we arrived late last night at Lake
Louise in Banff National Park and today
I am partnering with Fairmont they're
gonna show some of the amazing things to
do around this area I need to go meet up
with the boys we've got a few rental
things to pick up like our snowboarding
boots and helmets and stuff I've got my
jacket I managed to get it off Steve and
jakey flew it out from the UK with them
I am I'm pumped I'm ready
I found two helmets
this is ridiculous this is probably the
best times ever happened it's a perfect
fit yeah yeah there's actually room to
spare also been said hey then we're
gonna have a fun week yeah we have a
bouncy tire
holy mountain yeah thanks
we'll see you guys thank you we will we
will now we wait
yes Jake yeah you ready to hit the
slopes I'm ready you ready you're not
ready bro you ain't ready
is nice to be back home getting the
scorpion on you guys ready for the last
run Rudy
that was an incredible morning I forgot
how much I love snowboarding this week's
gonna be so happy
you're gonna take some lotor we're the
highest town in Canada at one point
seven kilometres above sea level right
now okay so the lakes to Kalyan we're
almost two K above sea level the
mountain you see in the distance mount
victoria that is over one point seven
kilometers taller than us right now
that's four Empire State buildings on
top of one another no way people have
been living in this valley for over
thirteen thousand years yeah we'll go
down there vortex survived from some
foods that's a huge test in what humans
are able to accomplish and it's neat to
see how each indigenous group changed
the idea of this notion for their
specific needs so with 6000 years ago
this came up and this is an Algonquin so
the indigenous people from southern
Quebec Northern Ontario came up with
this one eastern United States you might
be more familiar with this type of
snowshoes
yeah looking good man just do me a favor
try not to walk on your own snowshoe or
hilarity will ensue okay he's going down
okay yeah I'll be so careful I'll be so
careful heading into the forest this is
much easier than I remember I did this
last year but yeah imagine if I just
looked over and Jake had a snowball with
the head climber from the UK that was
just north of us a little bit that
actually stumbled upon a bear den and
the bear chased him down and sunk his
teeth into his foot we are learning a
lot of fascinating information about
bears and stuff jeff has a lot of a lot
of knowledge I'd love to see a bear but
they're all hibernating the moment
we're gonna start making our way through
some of the fresh snow this is what I
love about snowshoes is we're not
dictated where we go via a trail
I won that get him you're taking forever
to get down here thank you fully gave up
you're right there
I'm gonna be honest guys when I heard we
were gonna go snowshoeing I wasn't super
excited about it I was like we could be
snowboarding but this is so much fun
honestly like 10 times better than I
thought this group boys is like just
absolute noobs like we can't make it 10
meters in like half an hour bender has a
walk keep it coming yeah
yes Louie I'm going to try and get an
awesome photo of me with snow on my face
I don't think is enough just a bit
monster so we're finishing our snow
Cherie who walks out onto the lake so
there's like a few feet of snow and then
it's ice 40 centimetres of ice
apparently safe to walk on we're better
because we're gonna go ice skating on it
later this light is just amazing
I'm just getting some in scraps yeah
this is gonna look sweet about scaling
this row that's straight that's the make
under there
based on soo tomorrow to get a shot you
can't leave me alone you know go see
these ice sculptures these are part of
the ice magic festival from January and
it's still here for they're slowly
melting but I've just run out to my room
because I got my socks soaking wet I
stepped right into the lake and I'm
gonna go ice skating now so I am put
onto the ice skating with wet socks it's
just amazing that's where we were
running around taking photos and I'm
about to head down and a potato ice
hockey game with these boys
Oh guys I'm mad oh I'm trying out this
third person Rick this is my skating
instead of a GoPro I put wide-angle lens
on what a seminar and taught myself this
could be pretty sick
look at this selfie rig ultimate selfie
rig what I'm saying this is the teacher
from all of us right
hi guys let's go yeah that is cool is
this crazy that this is the first one
I've ever played or something
there's been an incident already it's
been a total of 30 seconds and we've
already wrecked everything
Jake is injured probably needs to go to
hospital Louie's broken his Weidman it's
not it's not smashed Oh still good still
good thank the Lord
yes that was my finest ever hockey
moment yeah speech the ballerina all
right Val Arena down yeah that's right
you know before we head in we're gonna
get a little drink at the ice bar check
this place out it's made of solid ice
well we've just finished an amazing meal
together I'm so happy to be here with
all the boys
and yeah it just had an incredible day
this place is mind-blowing my the moment
my favorite moment of the day was the
last run we did on the ski slopes when
we were all cruising down together and
it was just like this moment we were
going fast as well weaving in and out
and just loving life and I cannot wait
to get back on the slopes and next
couple of those
I am also really enjoyed the snowshoeing
and the ice skating and ice hockey if
you want to find out more about a hotel
and any of the activities we did today
check out the links below and yeah see
you guys in the morning he so enjoy life
lives the adventure
