good morning guys it's incredible day
here in LA and we have come out with
some brunch before we unfortunately have
to head up in like two hours we are
going to Canada snow balling say it's
not doing a like a steak yeah yeah yeah
Oh tell me it's open for you check this
out guys it's like a bean burger or
something but it's just got all the
goodies I like I like those to check
that
The Very Hungry Caterpillar does anyone
remember that book
we thought we take a little stroll down
to the beach we head off with left she
that's enough time just do a morning
here
funny quite relaxing here in LA
I could really do some wax my hair is
one of the fluffy dogs well no I like it
I like something fluffy day but that was
a seal dog
they's just taking the shoes off and
I've got boots on so it's a bit more
effort but I think it's gonna be worth
it just have a little paddle more than
the Sun got to do it bro
yeah you know I mean yeah hashtag live
the adventure it's good but that look
it's gonna be beat in the sand and the
feet and snow day oh yeah yeah you won't
be doing that in a few hours time
what were you saying Dave about the
sensation of your toes in the sand
people joke about it they call me mr.
central because I love the feeling
there's nothing like being actually in
the ground rather than one step removed
with these rubber guys man-made stuff
it's good I think that's the journey I'd
like to go on one day I known people to
do that is just stop wearing shoes for a
bit I think it just takes a while for
your feet to build up tough enough to
like don't be like oh not on tarmac it's
gotta be on yeah
mr. Sandman boom boom boom boom boom
boom
here comes a good thank you
enjoying our last morning in LA well I
say our last morning is really our only
morning we we got in there last night
and then we're heading to Canada we
grabbed our bags now we just need to get
off flight
unfortunately Davis to take his bag in
he bought all of his belongings
let's go to Canada so guys you know
these full-body security scanners and
they like to TechEd whether there's any
items in your pockets or anything at it
my muscles and my shoulders are so
stressed right now that my shoulders
came up as objects because of the knots
in my mother shot I'm sure of it
it is like hard like as hard objects
like detect I've got like stress knots
in my shoulders just like this bag is
the heaviest thing you've ever seen that
I can't even barely pick it up as this
force there is too much stuff in it
there's too much stuff in it tell them
we needs to get rid of some of that yeah
I need to I need to learn guys have you
got any suggestions comment below on
ways to get minimalized like go
minimalist I just got too much stuff you
saw my vlog from like a few weeks ago
over all this stuff I packed into my bag
yeah too much
then please at school the school food
applied to category passenger reach your
ground David Rasmus Lewis Cole hey
that's us let's go
check out this Kumar's and I can Dave
where it stays try this or that I think
that suits you never seen a dog in a
flame before
oh really yeah the senators are shedding
like mad oh it's like a fox man yes big
bushy tail from the last plane from San
Fran sell a this girl just have that dog
there no no crate no nothing oh really
we're joining all the boys here Ben and
Steve won an espy Jake and MIT hasn't
published to get into Canada and he was
worried because it was like literally
last minute getting his visa
he was like convinced he wasn't gonna be
able to make it so I'm sooo bad for her
guys this isn't
let's do this Lake Louise I'm excited
for days to see this place he's ever
been they you are not ready bro it's
gonna be so beautiful I'm ready as I'll
ever be
that's true
just entering the national park I said
knowing we're driving at night because
this is a beautiful drive we can't see
anything
oh yes I am ready to crash although we
may just have enough time to go and jump
in the hot tub that's a flare it's just
that's close before see we get in there
oh look at this little towel elephants
and chocolates I like it hello Louie how
it go tomorrow yeah you enjoy your stay
here with us the Chateau Lake Louise
have a great day
hooked up time same great news guys
we've managed to come down and it's nice
three window
we made it
every baby bit yeah that's correct
I just messaged Steve basically all the
boys are gone to bed but just Mr Speaker
we said no you said he's asleep that's
just lovely very lucky so he said this
morning we're gonna paddle in the sea in
LA and then once we go to the snow we're
gonna go walk out into the snow barefoot
so it's time it's gonna be cold
oh oh okay I'm on my Grayson
well I am so excited about the next
couple of days all the boys are here
we're in one of the most beautiful
places on earth and yeah we're just
gonna be hitting the slopes having fun
in the snow and just enjoying each
other's company it's it's a rare thing
to get everyone to get their own have
some quality guy time say yeah I'm yeah
I'm just buzzing I can't wait everyone's
very very tired tonight never were
always already crashed out on stuff I'm
just hoping Steve brought with my ski
gear I hope you picked up my kite and
stuff all right
see in the morning peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure bang
