good morning guys we're here at the
first project I'm here partnering with
pencils of promise and Microsoft Windows
and we're gonna be spending some time
today just seeing some of the local
communities and the awesome work they're
doing with schools and kids around here
hey guys so me and Dave tagged along
with this film crew they've got some
serious cameras Dave's making little
video as well
are you excited today bro
that one who first came here 2003 and we
had a lot of we saw the needs that were
60 over 60 students in in a space of a a
meter by 6 meter which is a small area
where it's packed by the kids you know
learn so just been learning a little bit
about what they're doing here and also
just learning a little bit about how bad
the education is in Guatemala and why
they're chosen to work in Guatemala
apparently a quarter of the population
are illiterate and I think the average
time somebody here spends in school is
only two years compared to like the US
which is 12 years so yeah crazy and
pencils of promise to build 156 schools
in Guatemala so far and they're not just
building the schools but they're like
maintaining working in the community
long-term yeah like helping the teachers
and everything hola
yes check this glitter round
yes baby or Athena signora local they
say I miss the crazy forever
yes they get it they're about to unveil
his plan because Microsoft funded this
particular pencils of promise school
representative and join us
so I just realized the casing dressed up
in costume is just as badly once before
taking ready overhead
oh yes to the old guys
that was cool wasn't it Dave yeah the
kids were great man like the pokee the
pokee fart game works so well adios
amigos
yesterday's shake the booty oh yeah all
right okay guys this is Jorge I haven't
introduced him here but here's the main
man here and he's showing us around
these different communities and this
community what's the name of this place
is it's called theater with gia they've
gone sir yeah and what transformations
happened in this place insensitive
promise that like he baited the pictures
showing before and after the school so
it looks like it was just like a bamboo
Shack before and I know and now boom
this guy
my birthday my
I'm ministry
yes
all right back to class they're just
finishing up the shooting size and mean
they were in the mood some coffee but
there's no coffee in us so we came up
with a cunning plan we hopped into this
little shop bought some instant coffee
and now this kind gentlemen net Adrianna
Adrianna he's gonna it's gonna get some
yeah some hot water for our lady in
there nice one each do we need to go out
darlin I mean it's gonna be all right
but yeah Cheers they think she's bright
she's ooh yes
hello that's it yeah Dave wait where you
going bro where you going
we've just been welcome to this
community um I don't think the kids are
actually at school right now because
it's already like 5:00 p.m. but because
the schools so close to what everyone
lives there will come down for meet us
Louie is doing the first lick of pain on
this building yeah straight start from
the bottom bro and go up that's what
they told me yeah every little helps bro
get those drips on the right bro they do
it do it
this is this is just I think I spoken
for us to get involved in some way and
it's more symbolic I think I think they
could do a probably 10 times better than
we can
what they're probably gonna do when we
leave is pre-painted yes this is who
should be painting the skills not us yes
bro show us how it's done yeah yeah
she's got it good job guys
this kid is an up-and-coming cameraman
yes taking on an intern yeah guys were
about to head off it's been a really fun
evening before we do I just wanna show
you in the middle of this Guatemalan
village look at these awesome toilets
that heads of the promise to build legit
toilets and clean water that's important
this stuff's important that's what we
take for granted I think I also take my
education for granted and when I was at
school I never really realized how
privileged I was and a lot of you guys
viewing are that we just we just have
great education out of fingertips and a
lot of developing countries around the
world don't say it's cool to see
opportunities been provided these kids
like this time for dinner
well back at the hotel we did just pop
out for dinner it was a very funny
evening just getting to know the rest of
the team a bit more sharing stories
having a laugh together and yeah we were
just saying we've really enjoyed today
we haven't like we didn't know a lot the
team would come from different kind of
places pencils of promise Microsoft the
production team and me and they're all
collaborating and working together and
it's yeah it's been cool gonna get
thrown in together actually and
experiencing what we have already today
was awesome seeing these communities and
meeting kids and my highlight of today
by the way was dancing with the kids it
was just hilarious and yeah it was just
lots of laughing and lots of fun today
and I'm really looking forward to
tomorrow we're doing a surprise drop-off
of like school desks
to one of the schools they don't know
we're doing it so we're going to just
like show up with all this cool
furniture for this classrooms so that's
gonna be pretty amazing I'll catch you
in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
