good morning guys
we took the day off yesterday so Lindsay
left last night and we have relocated to
this beautiful B&B on the edge of town
it kind of feels like we're in the
middle of a jungle this is like this is
so good we just have some delicious
breakfast and I'm just chilling out
watching these these birds and the bird
feeder I'll give you a little tour check
this out hey fluffy
yeah this is like a really quaint kind
of family-run B&B and it's just what I
need right now
just a little hideaway just to continue
recuperating me and JP have been saying
like we're just beyond tired like no
matter how much we're sleeping we're
just struggling to kind of get our
energy back from the last couple of
months of traveling but we slowly are we
slowly are and this is a good place to
do it
I think it's Coffee time
guys I just found the hot tub I'm gonna
have to chill in here later on
it's so peaceful here and very inspiring
if I ever get my own plot land would you
know I've been talking about for years
having like some nice gardens and be
able to plant different things and just
having a yeah just a space to walk
around it's it's quite different from my
day-to-day life but yeah I'm really
loving it today okay me and JP are
heading into town to get a late lunch
then we might try find a cool spot or
two sons that later I've got the drain
right dis arrived at Denny's Denis has
one very good vegan option which I'm
sure you know from my blogs but it's
just a good go to go in here this
cool crowing there's like a rooster in
the parking lot of Denny's like what
what is going on I'm pretty sure we just
landed here as well I'm pretty sure I
just heard it like flapping and landed
and then started crowing don't know
where it came from
feel like we're in the middle of town
okay guys we have found this location
well we were suggested this location by
some guys we met in Denny's last night
and called the end of the world and I
think it's just like this nice little
beach or outcrop where we can watch the
sunset this is cool look at all this
volcanic rock isn't there yeah this is
this is crazy
we have made it down to the end of the
world and with these guys I met last
night all right guys
hey then do an intro yourself meet me my
name is Elliott unsane and these guys
are living nearby
studying here but they were from all
over the world I'm gonna be hanging out
with him event hopefully the next couple
days and yeah they've just invited me
down here this is cool if this is
earlier in the day and not so choppy
maybe we could do some cliff diving here
but maybe not right now
oh that was a very enjoyable sunset
stroll are those guys yeah wasn't
tempted to jump in the sea but who knows
maybe other we can not go and explore
those guys I think the current plan is
I'm gonna stay in on the big island in
Kona for a few more days we've got an
interview potentially scheduled for
tomorrow and then on the weekend yeah
like I said I might go for a little
explore these guys either to the lava
flies or to check out some waterfalls in
the meantime JP needs to fly to Honolulu
and get their seats taken out and get a
bigger fuel tank put in for the final
crossing to California so I'm thinking
he's gonna go ahead and I might catch up
with him in a few days it means yeah
means I can just shoot the interview and
hang out with these guys a bit more I
don't know there's lots of me to do over
there he said he's gonna be just working
the aircraft like over at the at the
hangar all day so I think this is the
best plan
so we're that's happening tomorrow
morning we're going our separate ways
for a few days but yeah I'm looking
forward to hanging out this with those
other guys some more it was fun it was
really nice before I crack on my small
editing I'm gonna jump in the hot tub I
think this is exciting I can't get
enough of hot tubs even out here in this
warmer climate I just it's never too hot
for a hot tub
it's Coffee time
coffee and hot tub
yes I get
this is a pretty cute the hot tub this
is pretty smooth I think it'd be a
squeeze getting four people in it
maybe view just like person the edge
this is great for one person though this
is pretty cool news guys
basically the the guys we were hanging
out with tonight who I met the previous
night in Denny's I kind of felt a
connection with them and I want to hang
out with them a bit more they've also
found a local Hawaiian person like a guy
with Hawaiian heritage that's up for
being interviewed for the documentary
which is a real win because I've
struggled to find someone the last
couple of days so that's the first bit
of good news secondly they're saying
that they have some friends I can just
crash with like stay on their sofa or
maybe there's a bed for me I don't know
but this is something I've really
enjoyed in this trip and we haven't done
it the entire time we've been staying in
a lot of hotels but the times where
we've stayed with the locals for me has
been the most enjoyable and yeah so I'm
really excited as of the night after
tomorrow I'm going to be staying for a
few days with some guys locally and yeah
getting to know this crew as well and
going to visit their like campus where
they're studying at this like Christian
organization called white whale so yeah
I'm going to learn a bit about that I've
had some friends in the past that I've
done a white wine course so it's going
to be interesting yeah maybe we'll learn
a bit about what they're doing and what
they're passionate about and yeah I'll
take you guys along on the journey with
me it will be
we fun fun journey of discovery as this
entire trip is right I've seen the
morning peace out
enjoy life and if the adventure
