we have come down today to see the
Penguins in simon's town and boulders
beach I came here last year getting a
last year but Riya hasn't seen the
Penguins and we've been talking about it
for days so we're finding it from down
there and I can already see something
let's go find them look at the Penguins
those little sunbathing
look at that guy
what's he doing is he attacking the
Penguins a rock does he like guys
the funny creature this guy is just
chilling yes buddy
guys relationship goes guys look look at
this little guy they may eat
there's two there's the other one Hey
we're going through this walkway
nice check this out
ah
guys that was awesome the Penguins are
so tame last time I came here they're a
little bit aggressive but I think that's
because that's where they were nesting
these guys chill
these penguins have a deee-lite just
sunbathing all day and then when they
get too hot jumping the sea swimming
around a little bit
living life we're back from the Penguins
I've dropped her off she's just gonna
chill for a little bit and me and Nick
are heading off on her Instagram sunset
adventure this is Chloe and Gina well
they're going to take us up
cliff corner yeah that was cool the guys
were heading that point they're just at
the base of that rock
so behind me that signal hill and that's
lines head
I've been up Signal Hill loads of times
but I've never been up lines head
I think that's somewhere I need to go
next time how you doing Nick
mr. Fitness Nick like regularly does
CrossFit and he's always like I'm so
strong I'm so fit look at him now yes
boys enjoying the view yeah
hating down I've been loving your videos
man thanks but I'm climbing up to trial
this is a such a sick spot and it's not
even like a big hike all the guys up
here have Instagram and their
photographers and stuff so I'll link
that stuff for like three it's cool
being around proper photographers focus
I am NOT problem I don't know really
about photography I just make it up but
this is the location guys this is so
good
that was beautiful I can't believe I
haven't done this little hike before
cause it's very manageable it's not like
a super big hikes just chilled and then
you get incredible views we're back in
the car that was pretty awesome making
some new friends and finding some
incredible new spots for photos and
hanging out I want to do a picnic up
there it was the plan for tonight but I
don't know we just ran out of time but
the plan now is what's the plan now net
going to goldfish gold shoe a peach
which on there awesome yeah they are how
do you swim they just DJ's know that no
Electra Afro jazz electro Afro jazz yeah
necessary and it yeah it's basically a
big party we're heading there now
we've met back up with the girls hey
girls oh it was so good so good next
time though right so she's going to go
like because she's staying here longer
than me so she's going to go with that
how you doing you ready to party
so she should reach out for keeping
photography Wow
do you reckon we should go
Mobe I just slammed into the back of the
car
is he alright that was mouse foot on
Oh No maybe I should get out of there so
I try to like me get in you go so find
out what should someone called the time
whose fart that hit me fast well guys
that was crazy yeah feel a bit shaky we
just slammed into the back of the car do
you guys feel it like oh yeah so I've
never been crashed into that hard by it
ID I thought it was a car but then I
looked behind me and there's a motorbike
slid out on the road I almost want to
film guys I just didn't know how severe
that was that could have been game over
he's pulled his bike aside so as that
bike was laid out on the road and I is
he all right look I think
I've even got a HelpOut net Mexican over
there too
next go over that series all right let's
learn on here
loads of people are getting out so I'm
just staying in here because we're parts
very precariously like on the stop like
right in the middle that right here and
if I need to move quickly I need to be
ready
away
I literally was next to you back not
hunt you and I saw everything happening
what he's drunk the drought the
motorcycle is his assistant he's not
insured
so he wants to play everything cash but
they leaving now so I don't know what
you want I'll be taking a picture of
this it's his but the bike is from his
friend
it's not his bike I know he doesn't have
a driving license
he came with like I was driving 80 and
he came with like hundreds passed me and
he wanted to go imagery and squeeze but
he was like sideways already so he
couldn't he's drunk he was far too funny
I'm from Holland hurry yeah and then he
just he didn't know what to do anymore I
just smashed into you he just happened
to you he didn't break Aaron just
smashed it yeah so hard and we were
already traveling a speed that is crazy
sighs crazy
this that that is serious that is a
serious impact it's getting
yeah Oh guys that is serious so we had a
drunk driver on a motorbike hit the back
of our car and a guy who was a first
aider pulled over as well and then
another witness who said he was coming
around the corner and about like 80
miles an hour around the corner and it
slammed into the back of us he was
trying to ask us to not call the police
because I think he's drunk and we didn't
really have much of options so they hit
his friends pick up pick up the vehicle
immediately as I picked up the bike but
really that was his friends willing to
take the bomb yeah dinner license is
drunk riding motorbike as he's saying we
mustn't like
is I please please please on Cola please
so we have all these details and it
would be irresponsible for us not to
file a police report because this drunk
could have killed someone easily yeah
and so it would be irresponsible if we
didn't actually file a police report
so we all do that I have his details so
next just popped into the police station
well okay so they did and you must you
should if you suspect liquor you must
make sure you call on my spot on this
thing on the scene and I'm surprised
that one did yeah but um I think it's
also because it was such a dangerous
that's such a dangerous corner and then
um he says we must go to memory
possession and file it there tomorrow
the crazy thing is guys the the other
motorcyclists that you saw like tearing
off they showed up with a pickup truck
and threw the bike on and drove off with
it straight away so like there wasn't
even any proof if the police had arrived
that there was another vehicle involved
it'd just been this guy like covered in
blood being like guys that really shook
me up
that was crazy could it gonna look worse
I think that guy was insanely
irresponsible driving drunk a motorbike
as well that's like suicidal yeah I feel
weird right see in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure eh
