good morning guys I'm back at the
airport I know I spend like all my time
there the last couple of days but it's
only for a short flight up to Durban
then stop for adventures and there's a
few more people with us today including
kal-el
Hey explain it all the way from LA how
you feeling yes we fly to Durban we're
gonna get a car and then we're driving
Safari we decided it'd be good idea to
get some food before we got the flight
but we're cutting it very finest it's
five to nine and our flight leaves at
core bus
we're just chillin also this is the crew
this is Justin and Britney who you may
have met yes they're my blog Laura and
Kat and is this the hey and then we've
got to see them in a minute they just
called us some of us aboard was waiting
over there like grabbing something like
takeout breakfast oh my gosh oh my gosh
so you understand how nice is it oh my
goodness well you almost think our
breakfast are never late for flight ever
okay that's a lie
we are literally eating breakfast as
we're about to take off
thank you
we've landed in Durban it's gonna get
our car now car rental
yo this is a cool this is bad so just
people doing the black traffic officer
he apparently steps out into the road I
was actually sleeping she apparently
stepped out into the road with a speed
gun and almost got hit
I'm guessing she's like giving us a
ticket or something
yeah but the name she even wrote down
that the traffic department number for
me which was very nice guys with variety
of the game reserve and we've literally
been in 30 seconds of sports and
giraffes already to this now
I got some wildebeest and zebras just
chillin look at all the baby wildebeest
just chillin down there
oh yes boys
and that was just the drive to our lodge
that wasn't either the game Drive
amazing okay guys it's two lost team
members have an introduced you to yet
hey hey hey we only met today yeah
they wake they were waiting in Durban
for us yeah here's the whole team you
excited to be here
yeah this is not a 10 this is not an
open the curtains have a look at our
morning view this is this is all those
situations where I am gonna get up early
well we need to get up early for the
game drive anyway but imagine waking up
to the sunrise here guys check out this
bathtub both of the view yeah this is so
perfect
say this is our swimming pool above the
swimming pool it's all these tiny little
nests check out whoa you just pop the
spring we're going for a nighttime game
Drive this is where a lot of the animals
come out at night so it's gonna be dark
but hopefully we'll see some
oh yes meaty zebras the whole camouflage
strategy is just try blending with each
other rather than blending with anything
else because I mean really what's there
to blend in with planes so they kind of
all moved together and confuse the
predator so the princes can actually
pick out an individual so we pulled over
and two level fire and these guys have
got us all drinks champagne and apple
juice apparently the other area that we
were supposed to go has loads of
elephants there that true yeah so
there's just we can go there good we get
the elephants that gonna squash this and
stuff we'd like to god--even shoot on
the whole a lot of sauce we have to
chase him a bit
okay we're headed back to dinner we're
gonna do a little bit more driving
around scene we should find anything
cool but it is very very dark now so we
just have to hope that you pointers
torch somewhere cool guys there's an
elephant there is an elephant up ahead
we found a whole herd Oh elephant what
does the red feel to do just basically
it's not so harsh on their eyes
well she saves their vision that of it
is the matriarch then see she's got a
little Colin Oh nectar and that's so if
basically she's ever
well of the herd if it breaks out of the
reserve all they have to do is really
fund the matriarch and I'll carry like
she found the whole herd so she like
lead spear her yeah elephants also one
of the few mammals legs
the females memory brands at between the
front woods I think they're one of the
only four-legged animal got a lot though
we're back in our luxury tent that was
the most insane evening I don't know if
I've done a night safari before and I
was not expecting to see we literally
saw everything already I know it was
very difficult to film because of the
darkness but tomorrow morning first
thing
5:00 a.m. we're going for a game drive
get some sleep
falling asleep to the noise of these
little frogs listen peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
