good morning guys it's just on post six
and we're going out is pouring with rain
I unfortunately didn't get my 360 camera
so is the I couldn't ring all the goat
roads is like
I was still going out
very fresh
this frame is crazy this is the Hardcore
team this morning Nick Laura Steven Ange
no one else no one else lasted Oh
we finished our test yesterday and we
all got qualified as advanced scuba
divers so that was my goal for this week
and it's done means I can now die for
new depth of 30 meters anywhere in the
world
paddy qualif paddy certification
certification paddy certification is
accepted like globally as like a main
scuba diving thing
guys this is a really cool story this is
Hannah she works here and she came here
because last time we were here end of
2014 she watched mine and Ben's vlogs
and she was worried that her parents to
let her come and she's been here for
over a year now getting her instructor
training so nice to meet you would you
would you suggest people come and do
this it's such a cool experience and
it's not too expensive for like a whole
year you get food at pump
and we didn't dive for free come an
instructor teach people a dive and
incredible so if you want to dig up here
come to Paradise and this is her first
time abroad she didn't even have a
passbook before coming here so nothing
as incredible hold on ready to hit the
ocean
that was by far the best I've have ever
done in any boy scuba diving too massive
manta ray one which is like apparently
almost 5 meters across Turtles crazy
eels swimming with a moray eels did you
see the little eel that was biting Matt
actually bit my hand as well
oh my god that was just insane I can't
get over that
how good was that guys yeah
first ever died
was that out there just for one of your
restaurant so I would definitely write
that is my best time yeah how lucky were
so good I'm all packed up a little bit
late but I think everyone's late we've
got a four hour drive now to Durban
Airport where we'll be dropping off the
rental then fly back to Cape Town I'm
gonna try and get as much editing done
and that drive as possible because I'm
so behind it's this non-stop
early-morning lifestyle it's tough
bye monkey bye
are we ready to go only like an hour
late that's right really oh yeah dead
battery dead battery what that's that's
not good we really cut it fine to get
their poor let's see we can find someone
with the vehicle and make things somehow
this is going to charge the battery yeah
work it work it
twist it we found the battery the
battery he's got these guys are gonna
help us
oh yeah let's do it iced tea - it's
still stuck
done it alright let's try this evil
again we're all heading back to Cape
Town now apart from Jess's Stephen where
are you heading
oh and if you want to go and see that
subscribe to their channel links below
it's been
thank you
yeah back in Cape Town we're back
feeling the energy we're getting lots of
food inside us this is like one of the
best meals I've ever had
treat food to the brim of vegetables and
it's
guys I had coffee I had coffee because I
want to break out of this early night
early morning sleeping pattern which is
just not meant for me so I've just had a
coffee I'm gonna edit another vlog now
I'm gonna get some sleep but it's great
to be back in Cape Town we're probably
gonna have a day off
just chilling tomorrow and then we've
got a few more days to have some fun we
might walk up lions head and go on some
Instagram missions stuff like that and
I'm catching the morning peace out enjoy
life a little adventure
