good morning guys we're running a little
bit late to return the campervan before
getting on our flight this afternoon we
had a nice time at JPS managed to get a
few clothes washed I charged them with
batteries up ready for our long flight
to Singapore and before we jump from
that flight I did a little snapchat
yesterday saying if anyone's in Auckland
and once if I'm the same I they can meet
us to the airport
I told him around 11 a.m. it's already
cool past 11:00 but it'll be nice nice
to meet people
I've no idea having to show up we've
returned the campervan the guys just
checking it out before we can leave all
saw it Hey
looks a nice little group of people hey
sorry we came up the wrong stairs you
wait over there guys I've been given
some advice about Singapore I don't know
this is true I'm going to definitely
check the speed limits in Singapore
so then get on national news for
breaking see you later everyone nice to
meet you all
people in New Zealand are amazing so
chill nice
you guys Rock so that's it we're leaving
New Zealand bro thanks so much I'm so
sad
no you guys have fun
Jeffy's been a legend let us stay as
house driving a space lending as lending
him lending us his car even though I
ended up speeding and getting fine and
then going on natural ease with it and
and the flight yesterday was awesome
right yeah
and we are we're still persevering with
some of our adventure plans it's taken
longer than expected but we'll get there
with we've got some I'll guide if you if
you can think of anywhere cool we can go
on a flight like we didn't Olivia last
year anywhere later in the year that you
think we should fly around and let us
know in the comments because we are
planning a short another shorter flight
before we manage to get funding for our
a big world of light so let's know I've
got funny story so I didn't mention this
yet but I made national news in New
Zealand for the speeding point i got
like i was actually unlike their main
news like show on TV and I've been the
newspapers which I thought was a slight
overreaction but then the guy says
security have never knew that they've
never seen me before but they recognized
me from TVs that look like you're the
speeding guy website yeah and then they
were just LARPing and they were just
like oh they're like shaking my hand and
stuff and it's very funny oh you ready
for Singapore
oh yeah boys never been been on an a380
yes
goodbye Thanks we have arrived in
Singapore this is my first time here is
this my 6600 yeah yeah
and everyone who were meeting it like my
really good friends rush me moved here
two months ago just living here for two
years and I was like maybe I'll be able
to move her than two years and then it
worked out perfectly that really yes and
we are on our way in a couple of days to
Cape Town but we had to come by
Singapore and because of the Australia
problem the problem being quiet needed a
visa that it worked out great it's like
a great thing has come from a problem
guys the people here in Singapore I've
been so welcoming and I'm still meeting
a bunch of them we've been here like an
hour properly I just bumped into these
guys how you guys doing
thanks for coming to meet us so guys
this is Sarah she just showed me her
Roggin camera she's got a a YouTube
channel with her YouTube channel
it's my full name it's Sarah my hundred
maybe in the world but the description
Sarah okay tweet me an operative and I
was just admiring her g7x look it's got
a red ring on it what is that about
that's crazy and this is only a
Singapore yeah hello oh oh so that was a
long meetup but it was awesome it's a
great start tour trip in Singapore very
short trip
fine
and this is Roy's friend roshni hey
hello she's gonna he's going to be
looking after Russell
you
we've arrived back at roshni's and she
has kindly cook me some food hurry it's
a potato curry this looks awful
hey so what about taste it's all about
the taste and I haven't tasted it yet
yeah
what spicy though or just I like to
avoid am hot like really boiling hot is
it us not is it my spice yeah that's
that's amazing it's actually yeah the
place no no it's very good it is well
I'm absolutely exhausted I think it's
about 5:00 a.m. New Zealand time and
yeah I'm feeling it I'm definitely
feeling it I'm excited to be here in
Singapore we are gonna try and get out
and see some things tomorrow and again I
don't like whizzing through countries
for like one or two days but it's the
best we can do right now and thank you
for those EU that came out today in New
Zealand and in Singapore to say hey to
me and Raya and hang out and yeah it's
nice even if just to meet you guys
briefly it's nice to you know
acknowledge that there's actually people
out there and it's not just numbers of
my computer screen but this is this is a
real community and YouTube is a great
place that I can just meet people from
all around the world anyway I'm going to
get some sleep so we can get up
relatively early and make the most of
tomorrow
peace out into a life and live the
adventure
