yes it's a good day let's go dive in
good morning guys about to head off on a
dive I'm prepping myself because
yesterday I got very sick
I've taken some hardcore seasickness
tablets I think I'm going to be alright
I also didn't bring my coffee yesterday
morning so I think this might make a
difference good morning guys you ready
to dive so I first died is a deep divers
30 meters and as an open water diver you
can usually only go to 18 so this is
like the next step and then our second
dive is with the rest of the group and
they're going to be like training and
we're going to be doing some like
navigation stuff so they're just kicking
up now
how come then are you fry with your
kicking out yeah
you learnt all this stuff
Wever crates loaded up they're going to
get transport to these boats and then
we're heading out into the ocean
Oh
we're at the location we're about to
jump in excited how many what we jump in
we won't be able to see the bottom it's
going to be an expensive lube link
beneath them
guys were out and I feel a million times
better than I did yesterday at this
point yesterday I was literally laid out
the floor like totally out of it I feel
great I was like one of my best ever
dies would record a CD if I can deep is
the way to go are you hearing experience
yeah that's not one of my nose a
threesome how did you find and yes feel
if a big done there was so much color
than the no currents yeah and cool
descending that you can actually see to
dis ascending into the best I mean you
suddenly see the ground there's like
sand and then to suit resources side say
and you saw that a coke bottle they had
down there that totally crumbled in from
the pressure of the water always no it's
not I was it yeah so much wildlife in
there
Dulli burps they give us lollipops off
after each
yes that's the first grip and then the
next hand onto the foot group come on
Nick yes bar you got it got it that's it
that's it
yes we're back after our second dive and
that was so good I mean the surge of the
car and underwater was pretty crazy but
seeing that turtle at the end that was
the one I think I've got some good
photos of it
I'm really loving it today I was so out
of it yesterday but I'm in a much better
mood today Brides just got back from
having a little nap how'd you feel
amazing and she has just brought some
mangoes up because otherwise they're
gonna become too right so we can have a
little snack they're like a girl's Oh
laughs yeah the monkeys might ambitious
yeah here monkey monkey monkey
unfortunately the underwater housing for
my a7r it got a little bit damp in there
it wasn't like full-on leaking but it
did get lit with damp and my camera is
now not working so I've had to borrow
Nick's camera and also figure it out
it's a bit annoying but I'll figure out
would be okay
and also I want to show you something
this is funny right now
Roy was sleeping she only did an early
morning dive and I came in to get
something and I didn't quite close the
door I think I closed it like I think
I'm at I must have almost closed it
maybe it was like a little bit open
anyway the monkeys got in the monkeys
got in guys and they grabbed my bag of
tomatoes and bananas and stuff and and
they robbed him
I think Britney and Justin saw her and
they like open the door and they were
like grabbing them out and running up
trees and stuff guys that's Louise room
louie and Ryan each monkey what
the heck hey the heck riah
I thought monkeys getting here all the
monkeys open this door and got in here
their ID rose I was walking up at all
the monkeys are here like eating these
like bananas you didn't hear that was it
scary ah yeah well I was napping and I
like slept through it I heard something
but I thought it was you
and then like the door was kind of open
and Justin and Britney poked in there
like fry up and I'm like yeah they're
like there's monkeys in your purse so
yeah but they were gone by the time I
woke up they're all the ports that I
just scared them away
and they only got my feet yeah because
you put it on why would you put it on
the bottom oh no no yeah it's true it's
not even easily accessible down there so
this was full of plums all my plums got
eaten and didn't they got my tomatoes
livin it mighta my eyes but they did get
my tomorrows monkeys a clever they
outsmarted me well it's the end of
another amazing dancer Donna we have one
more morning of diving tomorrow and then
we're traveling all day back to Cape
Town I'm gonna try and film 360 video
underwater I did want to Mexico it was a
little bit murky and I'm still trying to
get that edited for you guys but if I
can capture the sea life from here on
360 video they'll be pretty epic and I'm
going to try and get some kind of tripod
down there as well
but we're doing an early one I have to
get up and we're leaving at 6:30 and I I
haven't been able to adjust to these
early mornings we did early mornings
everyday for Safari and all the dives
but I just I don't know whether this is
me restricting myself or whether this is
just a fax but I feel like it's a fact
that I am NOT a morning person and I
never have been I've never been able to
bear early mornings like even back at
school and stuff I just dreaded getting
up and I was just longing for the day
where I had control over my life and I
could just never have to get up
early and I know that's a very
privileged place to be bye enjoy staying
up late I enjoy staying up till like
2:00 3:00 in the morning and then
getting up like 10:00 that's my that's
what my body can look like so even
though I'm getting earlier nights I
still I'm struggling with this whole
early-morning thing alike but now to
find my flow and rhythm so I don't know
let me know what you guys think are you
an early morning person are you a night
out or do you love mornings I do not
love my books right it's time to sleep
and final catchy first thing peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
