good morning guys
it's just gone 6 a.m. and I'm heading up
for the first part of my advanced scuba
diving course before I do I just want to
show you who's living above our house
very good done
so we're just filling enough forms and
there's a monkey stealing all the sugar
all right we're getting our kit together
and this is Jesse he's taking us out
yeah he's the instructor it's gonna be
showing us we'll be animals
yeah and how to and how to do our
advanced diving how cool is that monkey
we've arrived down at the beach just
grabbing a la kit an air tank
how you feeling this morning and yeah
you ready to go driving you're
remembering all your like ways of
setting up what is this
headed out
I feel me very good
did you chanda everyone school cuz you
and you come down no I did not feel good
oh I got very seasick that's the work
that's the worst seasickness I've had
and we were supposed to supposed to go
down for another dive but that wasn't
gonna work out
so we're gonna head back to shave more
fish but tomorrow
so I just had a little nap to try and
recover from my seasickness we're
strolling to lunch now and we're just
admiring all of the amazing monkeys
everywhere this is also fun baby look at
it holding on underneath she's the one
with absolutely no fair
we'll just grab some lunch and we are
studying for our test this afternoon
it's all about drift diving which is
what we always do here at sadhana I'm
slowly recovering from this morning
sickness as well I'm like feeling really
queasy still a bit dizzy but I've had
some coffees that lets me know most of
our group are doing the open water diver
qualification this is a bit more work
for them
they've been in the classroom all day
and now they're practicing things in the
swimming pool so we're going to go and
have a look Hey look at all these pros
totally excited
hello there is a massive monkey causing
mischief over here look he's just broken
this branch of the truth this whole
branch just came off check that now you
are a naughty monkey so I spent the
afternoon editing and resting and I feel
a lot better than I did this morning
we've now come out to dinner how did you
guys enjoy your training yeah are you
all ready to go out in the sea yeah so
we're back we're getting another early
night we've got our deep dive tomorrow
morning it's gonna be us getting
certified to go down to 30 metres and
I've taken some seasickness tablets and
I was mean hopefully I won't be able
tomorrow I was just so wiped out today
but I am very tired and it's weird for
me being in this sleeping pattern going
to bed early and getting up early
there's only a few more days and then
back to back to normal
see in the morning peace out into a life
a little adventure
