good morning guys
we're heading up from the game drive I'm
really excited today because and see
ride a black and white warning running
guys
so Nick was in bed and he wasn't gonna
come and then I ran down and said Nick
boy Thanks
I said Nick boy I was like the
Lighting's gonna be sick today
we found letter P Suzy the tree or a
leopard just tasting it to tap yeah
hey good morning what's your name macaca
yeah it's me
this guy is in the anti poaching unit
we're having a little coffee break do a
straight like dude in the loop kind of
sexy way guys
look at the size of his lens is insane
do you feel a bit another cone it's
actually proper coffee oh this is
exciting
these are the to market chuckles oh
that's the milk a frothing the milk yeah
these guys don't mess around
got some Instagram action going on over
here look at their cute manicures we're
just setting up for the perfect
Instagram this is good yeah that's the
one that's the pose
we've just met up with the anti-poaching
unit and some of you guys probably know
that rhinos are actually super
endangered and they're very often
poached for their horn
so yeah this reserve has a few guys that
are like 24 hours is tracking the Rhinos
and their arms when they're like making
sure that they're okay to pick up a
signal from the Rhino we're very close
guys this is the black rhino
well that was an amazing experience
seeing the black rhino that close and
they're doing great work here guys
protecting these endangered species and
I think we need all need to be looking
after their I know a particularly but
also as a lot of animals that becoming
very endangered so it's cool to see
people yeah protecting them amazing what
this is totally insane in Cambria
schmear
just having an emotional goodbye with
Alan hi Alan
take care of yourself you're gonna be
okay yeah Alan he's my favorite bird
ever what was he doing oh my god Helen
what's up what's up buddy
maybe you need some water it looks like
he's dying everyone ready for a massive
long drive
so been on the road a couple of hours
and I haven't told you guys yet but we
are heading to the diving place we went
to the end of 2014 it's called coral
divers it's in Savannah Bay it's another
like
okay we're on dirt tracks name and Laura
turned around got stuck you got started
you need to pick a way out don't go
friends
slow slow slow yeah easy just don't back
up as far Laura so Google Maps to send
us through a game reserve and we've just
got to the other side and they're like
yeah there's no way through so that's
annoying we have to tap that well I'm
kind of at a where you can go to
viola or another direction and we went
down that way and then they said that we
can't go through that road anymore cos
being closed off there's a group of
eleven of us coming they're not
we'd be pulled over by the police again
I think I think it's just a little sorry
my face
-
I think he's just doing a routine
traffic stop this guy in the lovely
policeman
we've arrived after almost a full day of
driving Laura is an absolute legend
thank you yeah I'm tired neither even
drive it's amazing this is the same
place that we came to the end of 2014
and we did a lot of diving that's what
we're doing this time as well I'm
actually doing my advanced scuba diver I
think that's what it's good it's it's a
puppy it's not the open water diver to
the next one so I think are we gonna be
able to get qualified to dive to like 30
meters rather than 18 years we'll be
able to see more sea life the only the
only problem is the dives are super
early in the morning so we have to get
up at 6 a.m. tomorrow which is it's
gonna be worth it but I am so tired
right now because we've been getting up
early for these safaris these game
drives say I just need to get some good
sleep tonight and I'll catch you guys in
the morning
peace out enjoy your life and live the
adventure
