and
good morning guys
we've just arrived in Johannesburg after
a 10-hour flight which thankfully we
both slept for any bite on it and now
we've got like an hour and then we're
catching another flight to Cape Town to
meet up with Nick and Ange
so our last flight we can get sit next
to each other
those are Ike's we slip that away ruff
we get to sit next into the mist
it's like two hours
yay cake time so Riya has wanted to come
to Cape Town for quite a while I mean
come no I was supposed to join you guys
last January didn't happen but a year
later family made it happen and I've
just message Ange and she is on her way
to pick us up and it's a glorious day it
was like 9:30 and no like yeah it's
already 27 degrees outside
min fryer are heading out to see Ben in
the cold is Ben's heading out today
somewhere I don't actually know where
he's flying to you me so we thought
we're gonna get some lunch early all
right this is where we're meeting Ben in
the coal sexy food ah this looks great
yes bro I like new camera I was like oh
I'm so glad we caught you before you
headed up where you headed back to
London yeah guys this is James he sell
this place he's part of community tell
us what's going on well this is a
organic urban oasis
Hector then stars into the background
Joey just celebrating change celebrating
a green loving
yeah well can we have some of your green
cleaning the food right the green way
okay thanks let's do it try to get in
there yeah
yeah it is
I got all the things all the things this
is such a like good analogy of us to I
don't know this look so prisoner on your
suit I don't know
I got myself a bottle of football this
is good stuff danger well in my opinion
it's the it's the best whiskey you can
drink yeah and you never have a
countdown
thanks ma'am yes that's a nice little
catch-up wasn't it Ben yeah that's never
enough time I know tell everyone where
your head in what's what's your plans
back to the UK we got secret project
secret butcher ukulele music we got ya I
can't tell you guys where we goin yeah
okay it's a really exciting place I've
never been before
yeah and we're gonna make missions and
then February you'll see them in his
vlogs soon we're gonna be like going on
our own missions on me oh yeah
yeah yeah we're hopefully we're
hopefully going to Canada and go to
snowboarding
yeah that's the plan yes that's the path
that is the plan me Ben Steve Nick Dave
lads on top lads on tour is the original
abundance include abundance yeah
Ben is generously offered us a lift home
in pimba yes Pumbaa oh yeah you know
been in the pen bumpy ride if you're in
Cape Town ever you've got a come to sexy
food say later James
say hello to James he's an awesome guy
why they feel appealing a lot I guess
they don't want to fall
so deep to Boise this is a a prosumer
rally this is this is South African
politics I don't know a lot about it but
their president is do
he's not good he's not good so so the
these people are a pro the president I'm
confused
guys are just seeing this check out the
pimba sticker on the back of home but
when did you put this on as we had it
printed yeah we've just been back at the
house doing some editing hanging out now
we're going forever Sunset Drive
the Sun is insanely red I've never
skinned of this red I think it's because
it's like a mist of smoke they're trying
to race up to the lookout so the sunset
wasn't that impressive tonight
unfortunately also guys I haven't and
showing you half the adventure crew I've
just been like not great a vlogging
today Nick yo man okay drew are you I'm
getting tired we've been talking we've
been hanging out all day visors having
like said hello in the vlog yeah we have
to give the fictitious high-beam bonus
yeah I missed you how are you guys this
is brilliant Justin hey
super win there don't ever you can hear
this yeah this is gonna be a bunch of
weak shield away from America hello our
day and then Laura's around somewhere
and this is Laura nice to meet you guys
you will be hanging out a lot for our
adventures this week so you'll get to
you'll get to know everyone properly
that wind is insane
guys I don't think I've ever been in
wind Lala that was feels like a
hurricane
literally it blows off the mountains so
we've arrived in this quarry house we
always come to a town
Aurora feeling the jawline
Royer gets very sassy when she's tired
Oh
no look is either mild or spicy that's
the two options
I find it so hard to vlog when I'm this
exhausted because I just don't want to
talk I'm just completely zombie well
guys before we leave on our big
adventure with the gang we're staying at
Nick and Angie's just was everyone's
arriving and we've got a few other
guests which oh introduce you to
tomorrow I'm sorry I'm slurring my words
I'm just like completely shattered but
before I go sleep
I just wanted to include some clips that
you guys have sent in if you remember
when I was in New Zealand I asked a
question about identity and a few you
yes
sense of things in so the question was
where do you find your identity I find
my identity in things like painting and
drawing in myself and being myself and
so I've enjoying life I find Southworth
in making sure that my loved ones are
taken care of I find my value through
the positive impact I make on people any
smells loves anything like that I feel
like I find it within myself I get my
self value from God because he gave me a
life plan with great value for me to
fulfill that my life I thought my value
in being good at things and my belly to
learn things quickly but I'm not really
sure if that's the greatest place for my
value but I think a good place to put
your value or to try to put your value
is your bubbly and willingness to live
and enjoy the moment that you're in as
much as you can so I have another
question for you tonight guys and that
is where do you find inspiration from in
your life
and again I'll link below in the
description where to emailing clips and
this is a way of including you guys in
my videos as before you study like the
intros and you notice that I'm not um
putting people at the beginning of my
videos anymore but this is the way to
include you guys so I'd love as many of
you as possible
to email in and yeah it'd be cool to
hear where you find inspiration from Oh
see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure ooh
