good morning guys we've just arrived in
Auckland New Zealand after a 10-hour
flight got a few hours sleep a little
bit work done
we have absolutely zero class guys we've
just got three possible they didn't even
ask to see your tickets
they didn't even answer see where we
were going next all about she asked are
you getting on the plane for nothing
how you feeling my up
first on New Zealand as well you can
take another country off you just landed
in Tokyo
all right we've dropped our bags at the
hotel and we've come into the center of
Auckland's because I need to replace my
camera lens my 24 240 break when I was
learning the other day so I managed to
track one down yes the one guys I've got
the new lens on and books we bumped into
these lads hey you guys there good boy
your names
yeah these guys are photographers from
this area right right we're gonna go
find things to eat now right managed to
get a sim card guys so you're not gonna
have to worry if we're like out and
about in the wilderness uploading vlogs
and then we're gonna grab some snacks
I've already got three packets of
cashews what you're gonna get Raya yeah
like one of the healthier options guys
do you ever go shopping when you're
hungry and you haven't eaten a meal
that's what's happening right now we
haven't had lunch yet and I'm just like
yeah I probably need fifty three bars of
chocolate yeah guys you try this
youbrought do I like this this is all
Louise so far
the pressures on
that's a cool place unfortunately they
were just closing so I managed to get a
takeout coffee we're gonna head over and
check out this restaurant okay so that's
it my theory is because it's she√≠s gone
New Year's I think a lot of people in a
lot of places are still on holiday and
clothes and stuff
f-secure under there is a key important
can I get by yeah
it's not having it I have a narrow
saucer doing it
yes
that's my future so guys Rio is just
asking me if I can easily tell the
difference between an Australian and a
New Zealand accent and the con really I
can maybe by listening for a long time
again but what are the key things to let
us know because I want to be old sell
the difference yeah
guys check out the view from my hotel
room
Steve museum so Louie just said what did
you say I have a really long I browse
yeah I was feeling it was like oh my
gosh it comes out to like here like
literally halfway up your forehead I
feel like we should pluck it just so we
can see how long is do you want me to
pluck it yeah am I gonna regret this
every day guys do you see that that is
an eyebrow hair what that's that's
massive how long that is
yeah it's just kind of out of control
can you help me it's gonna work her
magic
my eyebrows look better now I'm gonna
set up a battle station to do some
editing because I'm a little bit behind
I know I always say that but also I want
to finish off my 2015 like roundup video
montage video the year which hopefully
I'll be able to drop soon and I'm
rebranding the channel is a fresh start
for the year I've got a new intro and
outro thing and working on so these
these things take time but it's nice to
have some company Roy's got some editing
to do as well so we're going to be
editing buddies we're gonna have laptop
Club together there might be enough room
on the desk if you wanna come well you
can have this desk okay we're taking a
little break from work guys I can't wait
to show you the thing I'm working on
it's like an animated intro I think
you're gonna love it and we're gonna
watch we're into season 2 of lust so
we're gonna eat our takeout room service
whatever this is watch it hopefully we
don't spill the food oh it's never flour
in my pasta like a little petal we're
making some good progress I've just
boiled the kettle for another coffee and
Riya just pointed out the difference in
our the amount of chocolate we bought
today so this is my purchase what did
you buy
how's that gonna suffice for your hunger
chocolate hunger yeah I've got quite low
Louise already gone through like a whole
bar guys yeah but but but I love
chocolate so it's okay when New Year's
resolution is to eat more chocolate
so guys this is the new lens I got today
and this is the old broken one although
you can't really tell it's time to move
on out with the old in with the new I'm
gonna try and take care of this a bit
more so we're uploading our videos that
we've been editing all night and we're
not gonna get a lot of sleep tonight
this was supposed to be the night that
we caught up with our sleep but that's
gonna have to be tomorrow night and I
have no idea where we're gonna be
tomorrow night
but I think we're gonna be hanging out
with JP tomorrow he's in Auckland so I'm
looking forward to that that's gonna be
nice
I'll catch you guys in the morning peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
boom
