ah
good morning guys we've just driven here
from Rotorua we got up early but we did
it for a very exciting reason we've just
arrived at Hobbiton this is my third
time here Rhys never been here before
and we're about to get a tour around
before it officially opens
how cool is this place Riya something
you will see though there's all the
Hobbit holes arrow around six to eight
feet deep
backing off for attaining one corner
interior to film them videos well when
the start offers will like this so they
put the paint in the vinegar over the
top to take out the coloring then there
was a man who's employed to pretty much
just make a mess in the village the head
walk round with a bucket of paints or -
yogurt and blue take it handfuls that
mixture throw at the fences and the
hobbit holes to cradle the moss and the
like and you see this so all of this has
been put here by the film company to
make a look like this in the road
instead of being here thanks to this
I let this little picnic set up on the
table
you're way too big for this place Louise
hello cause that one line in the book of
the small Hobbit children sending money
to the plum trees Peter Jackson sent
Ernestine they plucked off every Apple
every pair every Apple leaf any repair
Leafs they even went to the trouble to
pluck up all the leaves the next team
came in they rewired artificial plums
and artificial plum leaves onto all the
trees out here just to get there one
detail right so we went to a lot of work
to get it right because the Hobbit and
Lord of the Rings are still the second
major ebook in the world only beaten by
the Bible
so not only is this my third time here
this is my third time being shown around
by Shane three years in a row alright
come in my hope at home how cool is this
it's amazing
I want to live here we can build some
hope it holds that all right is that
your parents live their little nest
babies no one's home so you want to live
in a magical fence around magic
everywhere the flowers butterflies the
question is is this nice in the
Manhattan oh yeah this is your favorite
place here this favorite hahaha I'm with
a nice little Bell fan out here
beautiful rocking chair I like this
oh that was close
Oh what boom and let me get that one
okay really that was me that was way up
oh yes yeah this is where we're heading
the Green Dragon
here we go guys
beg end guys see that smoke up the
chimney I was just told that that is
real smoke that's woodchips burning it's
not like a smoke machine or anything and
you actually smell you actually smell
like normal smoke feels very authentic
here we are the green dragon
all right I'll have a ginger beer please
cheers Roya well I found the coffee just
enjoying it in front of the open fire
did you like the fights in there I love
it here I just want to live here like
magical and homey and cozy is amazing
you love my cameras yeah I'm equipped
ready for anything
there's not many cameras that I have I
have six cameras on my waist
cool we are all done guys we are heading
back now this was probably similar to
the two other years I've been here but
I'll link those videos below so you can
kind of check them out again lots of
inspiration for from when I trying to
get around to building mine come on
Shane Thanks cool thank you bye that was
amazing
everything we just pulled over because
rice is really beautiful filled with
what bells are those buttercups
dandelions think dandelions
the guys have been taking some
instagrams and we came up with a clever
idea we wanted to get some like
bird's-eye view shots like almost as if
from a drone but I don't have the frame
so my tripod seller hates my selfie
stick boom GoPro turns out controlling
it on here
you
we've been driving for a few hours we're
about to arrive at JPS he's ordered some
food for us like last time and and then
we're going out flying he's going to
take us out flying in a plane and over
and around Auckland before we get to his
Breyers been talking about getting
through for ages sorry please so we
pulled over and we found some
strawberries also we've been
experimenting with some 360 in-car
footage and just playing the settings
where we're trying some stuff I uh I
need to get back on the 360s we've just
arrived at this tiny little Airport with
this tiny little plane it's huge man
it's tiny are you ready to get in that
plane wow this is definitely smaller
than Zazu though right so we're going to
attach a few GoPros I'm thinking one
here looking down here would be cool and
then maybe one in here in the cockpit
like maybe a lit up there
now keep your eyes down with the end of
the runway okay doubt the anti-gun yet
all right right just keep holding on
back back back back back back back and
there we go you just landed right we
survived
whoo good job not in a freaking airplane
I think those guys that was amazing that
was amazing
we landed did you have a little sleep
yeah you ready
good luck
well I hope Breyer has had a lovely
flight I think they're just about to
land but I heard a plane overhead and
they've just done a circle I think this
is them
she's back she's alive
yeah how was that
that was incredible yes so beautiful he
does not like know we're back at JPS
guys that was an amazing final day New
Zealand I'm so glad I got to take right
to Albertan it's a shame we didn't get
to explore much of the South Island
we're definitely going to have to come
back we're probably going to come back
next year oh I want to come back like a
month there's so many things to do here
but I am heading to bed now because
tomorrow we are flying to Singapore for
a day and then we're heading on from
there to Cape Town to see Nick and Ange
and go on some adventures with a bunch
of people I'll tell you about that later
All Right see in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
