good afternoon guys we just had some
lunch and coffee got some editing and
we're gonna venture out into the rain
it's not terrible weather but it's not
ideal we're thinking of going for a walk
in the redwood forest which is nearby
with her this beautiful it's actually
rated number one at in TripAdvisor for
any of the activities and roads through
earth which is impressive because
there's a lot today there what happens
when you live in a van
we're gonna buy a couple of umbrellas
you know it's into right now do you like
the smell here right if any of you guys
have been to Rotorua all hanging on it
if any of you've been to Rotorua you'll
know that it's because of the hot
springs of stuff it's very um so furry
wait wait
yeah yes very soul free here so it's a
very pungent smell in there but it's
alright it's bearable what have you done
Mary how's that working out for you guys
this is where we stayed last night tear
this out
it's a special parking area just for
campervans it's called freedom parking
where you don't have to pay to stay in
there like a camping park or hit RV park
or something which I like I like that so
there's a bunch of people staying here
and we were being kept up by some frogs
which are living in this pond over here
check this out I love it there's all
these lily pads and stuff but there's
some very noisy frogs and then they're
staying over there somewhere and every
time I twice going to find one and then
quiet are you ready to adventure in the
rain Riya
look how appealing it is outside
we've arrived at the redwoods we've got
our umbrellas and we've been Turing into
the forest this is like a three
kilometer trail already this is
beautiful
I actually don't even mind that it's
raining
I think one of the good things about
coming here in the rain there's no one
else here it's obviously you choose to
come here in the Sun but I think it just
makes it more magical do you find that
when you go places it's kind of ruined
if it's like a hundred million people
around it
Eric I'm gonna call the birds see we can
find him
Oh
oh I'm trying okay you try you can't
even whistle
try no I try tries to whistle I just
yeah try again yeah and here we have a
wild Louie Cole in his natural habitat
just stalking some wildlife as usual
trying to copy their calls trying to
blend in
look over there that could be like
Colorado and this could be like Jamaica
or something
Colorado Jamaica we're taking a break
because Louie is looking for a bug as
per usual well that was a beautiful
stroll I really enjoyed that and the
trees did act as a natural canopy we
barely needed our umbrellas didn't enjoy
that Ryan when you disappear to look for
bugs that was really fun we gonna park
off where we fought last night
and it just happens to be right outside
this polynesian spa which is rated in
the top ten spas in the world and it's
like it's like the hot water comes from
all the natural Hot Springs that are in
rotar earth so I'm pretty excited
there's the steam guys a smelly steam
you okay world top-10 spa I don't know
that's good grandma is that good grandma
how is it yeah
yeah
we had a choice to go for a deluxe
private spa but it was the only better
thing better about it was that it was
overlooking the lake but it's already
dark so it would have made any
difference as incredible guys I also got
a little raspberry sorbet as we were
leaving it's pretty much exactly what
won after being in hot water like two
hours so we've decided to stay in this
same parking spot for another night
because it's cool here we're not gonna
get hassled and then very early in the
morning I don't know how I'm gonna
manage it but we are getting up and
driving to Hobbiton which is an hour
away but we're meeting the guy there for
a special tour at 8:30 so we're gonna
leave with enough time at 7 just in case
there's like traffic or something but
it's almost 3:00 now so we're not gonna
get a lot of sleep it's gonna be worth
it though guys
and it's also apparently gonna be sunny
tomorrow so I'm happy I catch in the
morning peace out
enjoy life live the adventure boom
