good morning guys we've woken up to an
incredible view and what's even more
incredible is metres from where we slept
as this coffee van so I managed to get
my morning coffee which I'm pretty
excited about
we've been chilling in that cafe for
like three hours managed to get my
upload done finally and it started
raining and we just noticed that we left
the little hatch open the Naaru is the
bed wet yeah so because of the rain
we've decided not to go back to
cathedral cove it was pretty cool
yesterday she shames a lot of people
there but we are going onward
we're heading south to a place called
Mount Maunganui which I don't think I've
been to before we're going to chill
there for a little bit and then we'll
assess whether we want to go down to
Rotorua or all the way down to taupo for
tonight
so I was playing music and Louie they
were talking about how I am pretty sure
I know all the words any song left on my
phone and probably like hundreds of
songs I'm gonna why just I always sing a
long ago my brother song and learning
the same make it is in other words to
any song like how is that normal
I just know a lyric person avoidance to
be there is the melody but lyrics just
like leave a comment and tell me if you
guys do that too but as soon as I like a
song if I hear it probably like three or
four times I already know pretty much
all the words maybe that's weird but
yeah let me know double alright we
stopped off and guys I've been looking
for one of these for the last day or two
because we've been having problems
charging when we're not at like a
campsite with power I thought I'd solve
the problem by like hooking up the TV to
my battery pack and stuff but it didn't
really work I worked for a little bit
but this is the guy I just need to plug
this into the battery now these get
speed up the main battery come on number
took ages to find the battery but it
happened to be under the passenger seat
though and then
damnit yeah well we've parked up we're
going to go fighting to eat I'm feeling
pretty weak because we had breakfast at
normal time today which meant we've kind
of skipped lunch but it's almost seven
o'clock so then the time and we got this
guy guarding the van you get a guy at
the van yeah
you're this one here
oh yeah we finished our Mexican feed and
I was like moments from falling asleep
but then realized we might just be able
to hike to the top of the mountain
before the Sun sets
not that we're going to see this on set
but before we get started
I've decided and come all the way here
we probably will leave tonight to go
elsewhere so we're going to do it how
you feeling about this trial like this
gonna get dark before I even get up
there and then I'll just get up there
and be like good workout I think we can
do this it looks a bit daunting
what happens when you have long legs you
just casually walk up summit it's
getting quite dark now guys I think the
Sun is officially set behind the cloud
somewhere but I'm still hoping we get a
bit of a view
we made it made it look at this Riya
someone's carried up a shopping trolley
and put it up there you feeling pumped
yeah good really glad that it's not too
dark guys see that path down there
that is the path that we were just on
guys LaDonna that's the campervan we can
keep an eye on it we'll watch someone
steal it
yeah imaginary destroyer oh my gosh it
suddenly got very dark so we're going to
run back down so guys as we drove in
past the base of Mount Maunganui I spy
this natural Hot Springs where they've
got my little poles and slight natural
Hot Springs salt water and we arrived
back from our walk with about 15 minutes
to spare so I just ran down here and
jumped in and this is just bliss I've
got like a hot jet blast me in the back
right now
this is just what I needed after a long
day driving and then walking up that
hill this is super relaxing while stars
in the in the hot tub I met these girls
hey
that they love they love YouTube if you
got any have you got any messages for
people on YouTube well I feel ill
freshened up after that hot and sweaty
walk up to the top of the mountain
how you feeling Maya good the shower
circuit
we've decided we're going to drive down
to Rotorua which is only an hour away
the weather forecast is looking pretty
rainy for tomorrow so we're going to
provide something to do there it's a
quite big town and there's a bunch of
cool activities and there's like hot
springs and things like that
so yeah that's a plan we just need to
find somewhere to park up tonight we
probably won't make it down to like an
actual campsite at time it'll be like
after midnight by the time we get there
hopefully to get in relatively early
nights guys we found a free parking
space in Rotorua where there's a load of
other RVs as well it's 1:00 a.m. and I
thought it's time for some tomato soup
this is how I used to live for three
years right mmm you heat the food up in
the can then you don't have any washing
up today and then you can just lick
clean the spoon and put it back in there
yeah what no you get to that I always
add water is this a mr. Cole cooks jr.
yeah and this again I'll show you a
trick right you have to keep stirring
when it's in a can like this because
otherwise it burns at the bottom mm-hmm
the trick well it's a tip this is tips
for cooking tip so there you go guys for
when you're desperate you can do this
just make sure you wash the spoon after
and then you can't pick up either cuz
it's gonna be very hot how you're gonna
pick it up we don't have I've been met
I'm gonna have to do that it so I've had
my soup and we all nice and cozy wrapped
up and ready to sleep I'll see you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
but
