good morning guys is another incredible
day here in Bali
we're in Changi we're about to head for
some brunch but before we do is just
swung past this really amazing place
I've shown it before my blogs but it's
all these like beautiful gypsy caravans
all like painted and we're just getting
a little photo shoot right now
look at this guy this is incredible a
colorful planner
got an amazing smoothie incredible
coffee you've got a whole crew that's
just arrived thank you very much
wow that looks amazing yes bro we have
arrived at the barley swings this is
this is like an incredible location I've
seen a lot of photos on Instagram and
there's like a basket hanging from the
palm trees all these swings the edge of
this valley and we're just gonna chill
here for a little bit this is all new
and JC came here like last month and
none of this was here we're here last
month it's all being built it's amazing
Royer is first up on the swing you
excited thankfully they harness you in
guys before we arrived here I wasn't
expecting much I just thought oh it's
gonna be super touristy and I mean it
kind of is bar it's actually really fun
as well so I have to say I would
recommend coming here be function Barney
get unlimited drinks this is just like a
chill spot I can probably just chill
here all day to be honest it's very fun
we're about to go in the love nest next
you want to go in the love nest with
Mariah it is the biggest one okay the
big one okay
Thanks that was awesome
thank you Thanks bye-bye mr. chicken I
love that chicken you should get a cool
chicken at your house
okay we've driven up into the mountains
a little bit and there's this kind of
gateway that JC and knew about check
this out this is amazing there's a few
of these in Bali but this one looks
pretty epic and then I think nearby
there's like a temple we're gonna try
get to as well before before the Sun
sets but it's looking lovely right now
like look at these clouds in the
mountains just like drifting through oh
this is so nice
okay let's get to the temple
I'm such a gentleman right we've just
arrived with dinner and this is a
special night this is JC's birthday bro
we're gonna have a good night
we just need to wake up a little bit I'm
gonna need a coffee to be honest we all
fell asleep on the drive back from
wherever we were the temple we're just
gonna get some food here and then maybe
go out for a little little dance or
something
go to a bar oh yeah we're going okay
we're gonna go out we're gonna have a
fun night
right me and Ryan got our virgin
cocktails were these they look so good
he's so good yeah it's like a dessert
it's actually a good dessert we have our
start up vegan seviche Jerry said the BJ
Oh
Brian's gone to sleep JP he's gone to
sleep obviously he's gonna be flying
tomorrow morning
it's JC's last night and this is Beth
they say I am I'm gonna come out with it
and we're gonna go party on the scooter
well we're going to the party on the
scooter
yes bright happy birthday we found
redbull the guy just handed me this
whole thing
okay that was a pretty fun party but
unfortunately we arrived delays so it's
the music's ended but we have heard
rumors that there's another pie like I
don't know like a mile in that direction
so we're going to talk back on the
scooter and I think I'm going to stay
out of it longer I think that's the plan
okay hey guys Road just arrived at the
next venue this is cool
okay it's a beach by is literally on the
beach this is this is gonna be fun yes
bro
okay guys we got to bed about half 4:00
in the morning I totally forgot to sign
out my vlog I'm going to sign out here
because we are leaving JC now and yeah
this is this is I don't know when we're
going to see each other again but if you
dine you need to go and follow him on
Instagram and on YouTube go and check
out this content it is pretty phenomenal
and yeah it's been a pleasure bro yeah
thank you very much for this opportunity
buddy yeah hopefully some adventures
will be coming soon also guys this this
Villa and that Tio's kindly be less stay
in is also available for you guys to
come and stay and so I'll link that
below in the description and I'm just
going to sign out here and then
basically start the next vlog
immediately peace out enjoy life live
the adventure
