good afternoon guys today we are going
on a pretty fun adventure on these guys
there for way for beach buggy ATV things
you ready well this is a very last
minute thing we're supposed to cancel
monkeys so surreal skinny monkeys not in
a zoo it's like ten million times better
and there's no major major off-road
we're getting coconuts guys
Cheers
that's really good cheers mum very
different to be on the beach because
this is warm squash off the train to me
like fresh tuna do some driving layup
yeah okay just to let you guys know it
right it doesn't have a driving license
but I don't think that's very difficult
it's just you just put it in gear and
press accelerator we're gonna switch is
that okay yes she knows how to drive
cause she does you got this Roy yeah
okay take it down
today
crash you have to get on that bridge
crash
she's a natural
it's all about getting thrown in the
deep end when you're learning new things
okay we need to speed up a little bit
there I can barely see
five you did it that was terrifying but
besides that awesome that was definitely
one of my main plans for 2016 learn how
to drive so Marty getting there
soon a few driving yeah I'm never
driving again
quite like this a light rider in the
driving seat
you are a natural thank you so the last
stop on our tour is some paddy fields
check out these Dragons lights
everywhere and there's like hundreds of
dragonflies flying around short like the
new one when you rice crops they're my
favorite bugs you know what are your
favorite bug yeah Louie was saying what
about butterflies I feel like everyone
likes butterflies like they get so much
love and dragonflies er I think just as
beautiful they don't get as much love so
right as you know that mountain scoot
over there that riah Mountain yeah that
it's Mount Riya yeah I think so I think
we're going up there I think we're going
up there tomorrow to do some ziplining
possibly I'm going back in the driving
seat not that I didn't enjoy wires
driving I thought is very good
thank you hey hey well that's pretty
awesome
it's very last minute it was unexpected
we weren't supposed to be doing that but
I'm glad it came together like a saying
the other day it's good to plan some
things but then it's also good just to
go the play and today we've definitely
discovered a play we're now jumping in a
van and we're heading to the night
market in quar which is the other side
of the island it's like the south side
we've decided to grab some dinner first
of all quite hungry after that little
adventure on the ATVs
guys we've been happily in our meals and
quite impressed with the level of spice
that's been going on my dad for her a
Thai green curry I got some Thai style
noodles what did you get I'd say the Tom
Yam is definitely the highest Hillary
just handed me one of the chilies oh my
gosh it hit my sore throat bang and then
like came out my ears
you know those cartoons when their ears
go and steam comes out it is that's
basically what happened that's crazy
eating I've recovered from the chili now
we're strolling around the night market
it's actually it's actually Darcy's
birthday today so happy birthday Darcy
if you're watching we'll try and find
you something in the market maybe a bag
is that the biggest fruit in the world
that's gotta be the biggest reason well
this is like over twice the size of my
head what did you just get help I just
put some possum cotton trousers that
would be great for our nature walk yeah
to make sure no but alright I think that
is probably us done for our market
exploring today we've got a few little
bits my dad's got a new sofa Darcy
alright I know I'm going to try and
power through get some editing done and
yeah tomorrow is the last day of the
year it's the last day of 2015 right
I'll see you in the morning peace out
into real life and live the adventure
they
