good afternoon guys today we've come
down to the marina and we're heading off
on a mangrove boat haul I'm actually
pretty excited
managed to grab some lunch at the hotel
before we came down there you guys ready
for the mangrove boat tour yeah
you
so first stop we're going to be feeding
some Eagles these see Eagles what are
the ones with the white heads that are
brown they're brown reddish Langkawi
when they die yeah to get their feathers
I could stay here all day
well I've just gained a new respect for
animal photographers it's pretty hard to
track an eagle and take a photos inside
but I'm pretty sure me and my dad have
combined about a thousand photos
probably all blurry
we're keeping our eyes peeled for a
bypass species of Viper that lives in
the mangroves and apparently that will
be like lying on top of the rafters so
we're going to transport this could be
difficult you enjoying this rider yeah
guys can you see that little snake it's
like an adolescent yeah it's like not
fully grown medium-sized yeah
we've spotted another one guys but when
I say waves but it's this guy gee-gees
right there
Royer if she spotted this one good spot
right
guys there is some monkey check this guy
out
I'm not going to jump on the phone yeah
hello mate come in here you just get in
the peanuts
can you hear these monkeys fighting guys
this is t-shirt there's a monkey from
the other side of the river don't just
go to Tyler Walker
we're about to go into this cave is
called the crocodile cave
you
the cave isn't called crocodile cave
because there's crocodiles in there but
it's because of the shape of the rock
formation but right now the water levels
too high so we can't fully see it
apparently when the waters lower some of
these rocks look like a crocodile
I can't see it right now so it's topped
off at this fish farm and we've got a
tall guy called Harry he's going to show
us all the different fish slime in this
licorice okay will it bite me I like
stingrays they're cool this is a
horseshoe crab prehistoric it looks like
an alien actually looks like an alien
doesn't it uh-uh it's a good it feels
like he's got a row bye have fun
what's down there dad baby fishes fuzzy
fishes Oh
the fish just spat in my face not broken
oh let's do that these kids are from
South Africa we bumped into them earlier
hello yeah see ya later your friends
thank you we just got off our boat and
we're about to head into these caves
where there's loads of bats living
apparently
Oh seriously guys look how close these
ones are probably a good thing they
didn't all freak out and start flying
out yeah and then they're saying we did
high-pitched noises it would really
freak them out so we were just like
talking quietly but one thing you can't
really appreciate it actually his smell
can hear pretty punky it is pretty poor
got them hello hello me I know mate
hello me
you're supposed to not show your teeth
to a monkey that's what he said earlier
yes what an amazing day how awesome is
that I feel like we were just like in a
real-life episode winner yeah I've
learned so much about all the animals
and all the person I've ever seen
monkeys wild I'm just having a little
after-dinner coffee because I've got
quite a bit of editing to do and also I
haven't quite slotted into this timezone
I think I'm a little bit out so I'm
getting very tired at about 10 p.m.
which maybe that's normal for some
people but my body clock usually gets
tired about 3:00 a.m. so yeah it's weird
right before I crack on with some
editing I just wanted to have a little
chat with you guys now obviously it's
the end of the year it's that time when
I get a bit reflective about what I'm
doing and the meaning behind my life and
everything as you know the last couple
years I kind of have a bit of a
reflective few days but I'm feeling
pretty positive this year and I think
that's because I've realised things that
are important to me one of which is
making sure the things I'm doing and
places I'm going it's about making a
difference and teaming up with projects
that are making a difference so I have
one trip planned to Guatemala Microsoft
have invited me out to see this charity
that they've been supporting called
pencils of promise and they work with
communities build schools and I'm going
to be seeing some of that I'm gonna be
going out seeing a local community maybe
even staying with family and I'm on
their site now I'm just looking at
little video about why they're called
pencils of promise so I thought would be
easier to show you guys this little clip
like inside
pencil lies the potential to be truly
amazing
to invent something new discover
something old or create timeless art but
for a kid without access to education a
pencil is just a little yawn stick the
reason I'm telling you guys about this
now is because Microsoft has said that
if today and tomorrow specifically if we
donate towards pencils of promise that
they will match fund anything that we
give that's double that's doubling the
money the donation so they said just the
30th and 31st we can delay beyond that
but it's just 30th and 31st that they'll
double money so I just thought that we
should do that if we can have you got
some leftover Christmas money and that'd
be pretty awesome and then when I go out
in February I'll be able to show you
guys where your money's gone and we'll
be able to meet people that is benefited
and it we yeah will be awesome so this
is the donations page I will link that
below you can check it out and I'll
probably put a little clicky thing here
as well that you can like click on some
link on the screen right so it's pretty
easy I've just made a donation just
filled in my card information and boom
donation successful so like I said any
of you want to if this is something that
interests you and I think as a community
we can be doing incredible things around
this world so and this is one of those
things and I'll be looking for other
things throughout the year that we can
do together and make a difference all
right um I will see tomorrow probably
with some more reflective thoughts over
the next few days about my new year and
I'd be interested to hear from you guys
as well about things that you want to do
in 2016 right I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
