good afternoon guys we've had very
relaxed morning so far and for some
reason I didn't sleep until 7 a.m. I was
editing and stuff so I actually haven't
slept much but it's lunchtime now it's
got this lovely Pete's just delivered to
the poolside it's quite funny I've been
here a few days now and I haven't walked
this way I haven't walked to the right
of the hotel that down the beach so my
dad's told me there's a bunch of shops
and their cool little where marina down
here I need to buy some new best tops
when I went shopping this TV every day
because it's winter there weren't any
tanga tops they get something just in
here that well I got something carving
some of this a local schools would which
is cheek goes by the side of the road
yeah actually there's that smell of tea
nice and really just like it is sarong
this is very cool I shall I get a
tie-dyed vest oh it feels like it's
gonna be a little bit tight yeah I need
it bigger really this is definitely
small do you have bigger my dad seems to
have misplaced his cap so we're gonna
buy the new hair and I think this looks
pretty good I think that's pretty good
really good yeah large head that
actually it's quite stylish 25 Ringgits
night 3 Queen is it yeah do it fit yeah
yeah what do you guys think that looks
good any bigger I think that looks
better than your backwards cap now you
have to know thank God that's five
minute purchase
a bargain we're trying to find plain
tank tops I think this is the one Adam
got me the other day which looks like a
top and then turns out is probably a
dress you're not entirely sure it's hard
to tell isn't it it turns out that women
want these in the men's ones oh okay see
they will have them logos on blank hairy
logos do you have plain ones okay will
be found over here dad right that's
getting there is that how you test a
whiteness Superboy pointing up is it
check these fish out guys what type of
fish are they these guys look crazy yes
boys
so we've decided to go out on another
kayak adventure and today we're going in
a dual kayak so a twin kayak I don't
know we're gonna go out and see if we
can find some more wildlife
the good thing about being at the back
is you don't know whether I'm even there
paddling does this is crazy which we're
getting cooked quite fast in the wrong
direction and then we're now getting
clobbered sideways so now we're worried
about closing probably not the best time
to vlog sorry
he's pretty polite
oh that would be a pretty incredible
cliff jump with that I wonder how deep
is I think we should find some rocks
jump well Beeman is just like ones that
bike right I'm gonna get back on the
paddling
that's good fun wasn't it guys look at
this amazing contraption I built so
taking my bedside light and I fell it's
the hairdryer on it so basically I can
chill here get my hair dries and I can
just be a chillin on my laptop doing
some editing multitasking look at that
multitasking
hey you guys we could get a good angle
down there yeah guys it's time to tell
you about my big surprise this is my big
surprise she has come all the way to
join us all the way from New York
and she just arrived she's been
traveling for more than 24 hours okay
with the time zone difference like yeah
crazy okay so and we're just getting
some noodle dishes made with this cuz
I'm pretty hungry you hungry yes just
being plain food
I've never had noodles cooked this
enthusiastically that was crazy and they
cooked in like 20 seconds making this
amazing as your food yeah I can't say hi
guys I'm sitting in a Cabana on the
beach right now chillin and I literally
like I don't think I'd get happier right
now it's just this is paradise I haven't
even seen it in the daylight yet you
know when you get somewhere at night and
like it's cool it's beautiful and then
you wake up and it's like discovering a
whole new place because you haven't even
seen it but from what I seen from the
pictures this view is supposed to be
unreal so I can't wait to see it
tomorrow and I can't wait to eat a
coconut drink and eat a coconut
sea-monkeys apparently there's like a
wild but I've never seen wild monkeys
before I've only seen them in the zoo so
I really want to see that and climb
ryeom mountain there's a mountain here
literally called ryeom mountain so
definitely have to do that what else I
don't know I just want to explore and
chill out everyone like like Louie
doesn't whole family tonight just seems
so happy and relaxed so yeah I can't
wait to get there as well but tonight
right now what I can't really can't wait
for is I haven't seen a bed in days so
I'm gonna go do that and try to beat
this jetlag 13-hour jetlag
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow I am
very excited that Roya has come to join
us we've got some cool things planned in
the next few days I think some days it's
good to plan things other days it's cool
just to like wing it on the day but
tomorrow we are going on a mangrove tour
with those boats that we saw earlier and
we've got one of those boats for like 4
hours and we're gonna get taken out by a
guy he's gonna show us like wildlife
apparently this Eagles around here like
sea eagles or something so hopefully we
spot some of those yeah this place guys
I think this is this is my happy place
one of my happy places right I will
catch you guys in the morning I don't
know what we're gonna do yet we may go
for a cycle ride or something peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
