good morning guys I up Riya got up super
early because she's left to sort out her
sniping visa flew down to Wellington and
I'm just chilling here with the kids
hey Lana and I'm gonna grab something
today
drink a coffee and a made robber going
off in a bit of an adventure today
hey Lana can I have some watermelon
yummy how you doing Josh high five high
five yeah
so we've gone for a little Drive and
we've ended up in a place called Matt's
high bay which is quite near where Rob
lives but it's never been here before so
we're just going for a little stroll
having a little explore it's pretty
beautiful
yeah
how's your swim rough he was absolutely
fantastic it was really warm he was
trying to persuade me that it was warm
and that I should get in the sea too but
I bothered that I didn't really feel up
for it but tomorrow before we head off
on and briers back I think we're gonna
go for a swim so guys we've just come
down to manganui Wharf which if you
watched my New Zealand vlogs from last
year you'll remember I came down here a
few times and did some fishing
I accidentally caught an octopus our Sun
was down here but we've come down to me
Rob's friend Willy he's a an old Maori
fisherman who Rob's been hanging out
with recently it's got some pretty
incredible stories to share so I thought
we'd come down and yeah just hear a bit
about his life
I'm gonna share a bit about how you met
Willie and so basically my audience
there some of them have kind of
understand about it so maybe in the if
we in the way we explain stories is it
could be from that perspective that
people wouldn't really understand any of
the supernatural or anything but don't
hold back if it's stuff you want to
share I think people it'd be fascinating
for the good to hear kind of what you've
experienced and some of the stories and
stuff of that how long have you been
fishing yeah so that was one of God's
slept around the ears kid Peter wake up
yeah
and I bet miss Rob here and he sort of
Mickey oh he was standing up on the
wharf and he says to me we've been
talking he says you want me to pray for
your league because I'll hit some
bolsters here I'm gonna heave me
you know I said oh yeah okay change down
on the poster
he sits on Prince Malik they get healed
of in time we took a while
how long have you had this light like
400 years we could all smash both my
leaves up in circulation so I got healed
cut them healed without operation he was
the first Christian guy that I'd ever
met they lived by complete faith that
Jesus provided everything for him so you
know they're really sort of spoke to
respect their I should stay around this
probably means a lot to them as well and
you know that you've had the past that
you have and the journey that you've
actually been making no I think it
absolutely gives you credibility isn't
it excuse me you really looking forward
to hearing some of those stories next
time I come to visit
yeah well guys that was quite incredible
hearing a bit of Willie story and the
past he's had and where he's got to now
in life and wanting to help others and
share the miracles that he's experienced
in his life I don't know I just I just
find it fascinating to hear stories like
that and also I didn't tell you
William was the one who actually got up
early and gave ryr a lift to the airport
this morning at like 5 a.m. or something
so he's an absolute legend absolutely
loaded and and now I'm on my way to go
pick her up
I'm going to be a little bit late but it
should be fine hello you made it four
flights here yeah are you tired yeah did
you sleep it up
what if one day yeah in like literally
five minutes I thought it's gonna take
to him yeah I know this is ridiculous we
were told 10 days maybe five like at
best to get the visa so it somehow
breyer managed to get it in a day like I
don't understand that but that is
amazing news good so now we've got
absolute freedom to figure out when we
want to go to South Africa we were
worried that Roy wouldn't be able to
come out to meet the rest of the guys
and like start the trip that we're
planning we'd have to let me go with her
later on and stuff but we got back so
late that everyone has already gone to
bed I'm looking forward to hanging out
with the family tomorrow I think we're
probably heading off in the afternoon
I've got to return the car back to JP
and then me and Rio have got about a
week to plan stuff around New Zealand
before heading off we're gonna have to
fly via Singapore because she can't go
through Australia without having to
apply for a visa there so I'm a bit
crazy so yeah it's gonna be it's gonna
be a good week I'm looking forward to it
and it's been a great start to the trip
being able to reconnect with Rob and the
family and meet Willy today and just
hear about some encouraging stories that
are going on all right I will see you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
