good morning guys
just finishing your breakfast we've
grabbed our bags from our room and JP
has just arrived to pick us up and
finally he's lending us a car this week
so we can adventure around New Zealand
I'm excited to see him
oh yes mr. fluffy
well JP is an absolute legend I've got a
car and we're we're getting on the bit
ride today we're gonna go we're gonna go
on a four-hour drive up north to visit
my friends Rob and Bianca who you guys
might remember from we're getting a lot
to you and I was here but the just like
just Meadows up our stood up still
guys look at this cool party tech crying
me legging clapping 1-handed 2-handed
don't do that
okay guys we've got like another three
hours of road trippin clue so I came up
with this idea that being Rio should
play each other tunes on Spotify and
teach each other some in-car dance moves
to those tubes so I just pulled up my
Shazam list on Spotify like these tunes
I probably only ever heard one say so
these aren't like minorities
guys we have arrived with Robin Bianca
hey I have actually exhausted from that
drive but they've kindly cooked us some
food and I've got a coffee and some
grapefruit as well for dessert those
yummy thanks have enough we've spent a
lovely evening with Robin Bianca they've
kindly given us their children's bedroom
Josh Jonah and Lana thanks for laying
asleep in here although you prolly
didn't have any choice but we have taken
over definitely I always do this
wherever I stay I just throw my stuff
everywhere we're working on some things
unfortunately we've got bit of a problem
with a visa which want to get for Raya
and we're heading to South Africa in a
few weeks hopefully and didn't realize
that Bulgarians on allowed in South
Africa easily they have to apply for a
visa so tomorrow Rhys gonna have to get
flight down to Wellington and go to the
South ok South African embassy or
consulate and apply for a reason all
that so she's just filling in forms and
stuff is it all a bit stressful
like if I do one thing wrong I just
can't go so I'm like just trying to make
sure I get everything perfectly right so
hopefully that's all sorted and also a
few things I wanted to ask you guys
firstly um we'd love to get some more
roadtrip songs if we're going to be
doing some more driving around New
Zealand for our car journeys so if you
could link can you link Spotify
playlists can you share Spotify playlist
um find me on Spotify and share me a
playlist I think I'm just Louie :
Spotify I don't know just paste the link
I don't know whatever and also I wanted
to chat about the interest of my videos
you have noticed over the last week or
so I haven't been including people in
throwing my videos now this is a part of
my kind of rebranding just refreshing my
videos but I do want to still include
you guys and I've been trying to think
of ways to do that and I was thinking
maybe once a week what I could do is ask
it a question and then you guys submit
videos throughout the week I'll link
below how to submit the videos and also
can you make sure their landscape not
like snapchat style not portrait
landscape and its best quality as
possible and then what I'll do is once a
week in a sit-down chat a video I can
have a little montage of quick kind of
answers from you guys from around the
world so hopefully I could actually
include more of you than I have been in
my videos so the first question is it's
a bit of a deep one basically at the end
of last year in my youtube views were
dropping and subscribers and stuff and I
I felt a bit like a bit down and
realized I've been putting some of my
identity and kind of self-worth in
whether I was was succeeding or not on
YouTube and whether I was growing and
and I realized that that was misplaced
kind of security or value in in Who I am
so my question is where do you guys find
your value from and your identity and
where have you found it in the wrong
places and where do you think the right
places to find identity and value is so
if you could answer in yeah just answer
honestly and concisely so I couldn't
like cut them quickly I'd love to know
yeah a bit about you guys really it's
quite deep question but hopefully next
week I'll have a little montage right
I'll see you in the morning
Roy's not gonna be around till the
evening she's often her adventures and
I'm gonna be hanging out with Rob and
and the kids peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
