good morning guys today we are going on
some adventures around langkawi first up
we're going up this sky cab to the top
of the mountain and then there's like a
sky bridge and it's going to be
incredible views from over there I think
it's busy it's the holiday it's amazing
holiday season right now so it's pretty
busy you got over your fear of snakes
yeah
what we got here
so guys that's where we're staying
right over there so basically that's
where we paddled out to on the kayaks
those little islands there there we are
the langkawi sky bridge we're trying to
find the best photoshop i think this is
it but the bridge in the background it's
quite a high drop down to the canyon
below so apparently this is the longest
curved bridge in the world that's very
high up
this is just the outside bit have a look
over here guys
yeah well that was very cool we're
heading back down now tell me hey down
the cable car let's just come with that
thanks enjoy Adam
we're now heading into this 3d art
museum langkawi art in paradise this
place reminds me of my bedrooms growing
up I had an underwater theme bedroom and
murals painted on it and then a jungle
bedroom
which I'm sure you guys have seen my
channel gotcha I'll link the video
played scene with John
that is the
oh Henry the deep-sea diver
so when I was like 15 or 16 this is what
I wanted my job to be was to be painting
murals in people's houses I guess like
an interior designer this is what I
imagined doing my life was painting
really cool stuff like this imagine
having this painted on the walls of your
house amazing that's really good lots of
old memories there really oh yeah your
own painting
yes some good effects in 3d sometimes
it's quite difficult to grade those the
best way to project images and then work
out of paint yeah and so we used to do
it as net which is lovely just where we
eat loves yeah whoa
like a little marina ah oh yeah they're
gone
Christmas here with the tinsel and
Christmas tree hello hello why hello so
the next thing we're doing today is a
jet ski tour of some of these islands
which is could it be pretty crazy right
we're almost ready to go I've got my
lifejacket on we're just figuring out
how to take things with us because we
need to waterproof them so I put this
camera in my waterproof bag I don't know
if I'll use it but I've got my GoPro as
well and yeah we're heading off
this little tour is incredible are you
doing it those great fun isn't it
so we just heard an interesting fact
about the islands in langkawi and
apparently in the last century they've
lost four islands so century ago they
add more islands and they do today
I guess that's due to the sea level rise
we've arrived at the dayang bunting
marble geo forest parking is that as
scary as you thought it'd be mum look
it's a monkey
hey mr. monkey these monkeys are awesome
hello
they stole Hillary's can as drink that
she was drinking ripped in half
hey I got it hello meet you hello
they almost look human are they very
expressive either this happens well
that's a nice little swim we're gonna go
back through the monkey infested forest
now the jet skis continue our tour now I
know these monkeys probably become
overconfident around people but I think
that's the way it should be with animals
the animal kingdom of people is we
should be living in harmony with one
another
we call it all animals with this relaxed
around us and we're getting back on the
jet shoes
yes'm really such awesome echoes we're
surrounded at the moment we light in the
middle of an island we're taking the jet
skis really close to the rock formation
and we're gonna we're going to slowly
cruise alongside it
so earlier I was saying the islands that
used to be far blank how he were
destroyed from the sea level rising but
exactly from the sea eroding the island
like this and eventually they just drop
off into the infancy this is amazing
look at all this erosion so this rock
behind me it's supposed to resemble a
man's face then if you can see there
this one here check this out like eyes
nose mouth chin yes bro we're going
through the cave and through the cave
and the desk
check this out this is really low
Oh oh my gosh
so my mum and Hillary are having a go at
driving the jet skis you can do it mum
well guys we just got in from the most
epic day honestly I've I've done a
little bit of jet skiing but that was
phenomenal like I just can't get the
grin off my face if you come to Langkawi
you've got a you've got a go on this
tour mega watersports jet ski tour so
good
Hey Wow well guys another incredible day
langkawi and although it was pretty
intense
I'm feeling so relaxed I think it's just
spending time with my family and just
having fun together it's very good for
my soul right I will catch you tomorrow
and there is a big surprise happening
tomorrow so just you wait
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
