hi my name is Joshua main and I'm here
in Sydney Australia
it's a 40-degree day here today or
whatever temperature it is at your place
I hope you enjoy fun for Louie
so every faced landed in Paris
I'm heading to London in about an hour
next we're trying to find a shop that
offer buy an iPhone
whatever
did you lie fine oh yeah I wish late
guys
what is better though the six or the 6s
plus excuse me do you recognize me I've
been in a couple of Louise videos have
you she seen me I've been recognized not
live the adventure just just seen him it
fits my pocket you may be less likely to
lose if it's bigger
I go for the big run
there you go guys the 6s plus and the
good thing is I've got my UK SIM card
because I swapped out for the Ivory
Coast one so isn't that amazing that we
just found that place and then within
five minutes of the way phone set up
well I'm out with the other lads as well
how's the first leg of your flight -
good
Bushell there y'are--enough the lady 45
minutes basically goes up and then goes
down you'll be like announced cruising
altitude I'll quit now something
oh so he said it's raining at seven
degrees
stick around
on your own
hello that's me that's me why I lost my
phone
silly and I go back to my parents
immature there for a little bit today
well since I got in the car I felt
straight to sleep
I just like slumped and like it felt
like five seconds later the driver was
like we're here neither huh and I was
just in such a deep sleep wait I slept
half an hour and in a second but I back
my parents now I'm gonna grab another
like two or three hours sleep I think
and then get some lunch with them and
then I'll tell you where I'm heading
because it's gonna be quite exciting
week yeah see you in a minute right I'm
back on the way even Jake you've just
arrived
thank you guys you guys ready for where
we are in Tenerife Canary Islands
Mariana snails and with Josh I mean just
to the airport hopefully I have expected
wiebel right yes are you doing from a
really good way this is so random it's
gonna be an amazing few days in there
boys get some lunch want our plumbers
hey yeah hey what's your name well now
you can be in my video what's your name
and yeah nice so guys I haven't told you
but me and Steve a fine business class
unfortunately these guys are an economy
and guys I'm sorry we just they just
sent who's most important than we said
well me and Steve now we didn't really
there's enough on the way back
wait what you're saying about the first
seats probe right there that's our seat
bro
by chesty
that's good
not very good at this vlog and stuff and
even if we feel all good there now we're
gonna do it give you the real experience
of normal life economy class file not
business class style we're gonna have
plastic knives and forks they're gonna
break when they're trying to get into
our horrible thing it's the way we live
we keep it real
real life here we are Tenerife Canary
Islands it's a part of Spain but it's
actually closer to Morocco I think for
those of you that don't know about it
nothing that you really know a lot just
a common holiday destination for it with
me okay we're gonna be fun out here guys
I'm so excited to be spending some time
with Steve and Josh and Jake
with all this traveling idea I often
especially Steve traveling as well you
have to miss each other so we haven't
had any quality time in a long time so
these next few days of just great
welcome we're gonna grab some dinner
before checking in at our hotel guys how
awesome is this place I was no expected
it we have got a feast so there's our
guys it's my past are these little
spinach
oh well guys I'm very excited about
sleeping in a bed right now I haven't
really slept in a bed for two days I had
a little rest actually this afternoon
but look how big this bed is this is
massive and I will tell you in the
morning what me and the boys are doing
here in the Canary Islands
it's it's gonna be a fun couple of days
but I will let you know all about it in
the morning all right I'll see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
