good morning guys it's early
I've come into Kingston with Steve Young
Steve Young and we're going to do some
Christmas shopping last-minute Christmas
shopping first stop get my phone picks
the Apple Store hopefully let's hope
they've got some appointments get that
screen done apparently two hours it
takes but we've got to make sure there's
a slot great and now I'm going to go
shopping you're still gonna get some
trainers
ready for coffee Harry
is come
so it has to hang around wave my Genius
Bar appointment to get my phone fixed I
think what's going to happen is my
family are going to come in to Kingston
then we're going to grab lunch what's my
phone's getting fixed
spend some time at Darcy because she's
actually not coming with us on holiday
she's got a job now so she's got a few
shifts and she decided to stay in the UK
and so yeah it's going to be the last
day spending time with her or before the
holidays
I'm gonna walk down to this little
restaurant to meet my family
this weird not having my phone because I
don't know the time and there's no way
of communicating it anywhere it's
something that you just take for granted
having your phone in your pocket I
honestly cannot remember what it was
like before mobile phones no the kid how
did I meet up with friends and stuff
check this out hey you're right whoa
hello guys right
all right I've met with the fam last day
together no stay with Darcy Cheers
well we had a delicious lunch we're
gonna go find door so she had to Nick
off to do some last-minute Christmas
shopping as well and my phone should be
ready now with a brand new screen I'm
going to try and look after this time
I'll probably like break it again in a
couple of days there you go guys
brand-new screen ready to roll
time to go
so we should have left about five
minutes ago and we're still packing and
I have laid out all of my things because
I don't often show you guys why pack and
I'm getting ready to go away for however
long before I go back to the UK so
here's all of my belongings and things I
take traveling with me I'm going to
leave out the clothes I'm just going to
show you my technical stuff so let's
have a little look around so obviously
laptop MacBook Pro oh I always need a
little mouse editing somewhere I've got
my headphones as well this is a battery
pack that actually gives my matter a pro
one full charge and it's got USB inputs
as well and then I can charge my other
things like all these Sony cameras this
is an rx100 mark for charges by USB
also my a7r Mark to this charges by USB
2 which is handy so I can charge all of
that on the go with either this or my
little battery pack here moving along
I've got all my power charging cables a
big extension lead with the two dual USB
charging GoPro things and iPhone charger
2 meter cable which is handy and a
universal power adapter is also handy
you can pop out all the different
countries plug sockets I don't usually
take this many hard drives with me this
is combined probably like 20 terabytes
but these are all my hard drive has ever
had whilst vlogging and I want to go
back through some of my old footage
whilst I'm away and having some downtime
so I'm actually gonna take all of these
with me I've really hope I don't get my
bags stolen because I haven't got
backups of anything it's a bit risky I
wouldn't advise that keep it a backup at
home when you're travelling well here's
my 360 rig I've shown you guys before
this is for adapted GoPros with them
like even wider angle lenses and
the underwater rig for those which needs
to be compressed with these compressed
air put into it so there's like a vow of
and some other random stuff
this isn't underwater housing a flexible
one that I use with my a 7r selfie stick
this is an adapter I got in the Canary
Islands herb and connecting onto things
it's just like a normal camera adapter
these are some SD cards have SD cards
this is a little Wi-Fi box that you can
put local SIM cards in and it's like
unlocked so I can use this globally as a
little hot spot these are my spare GoPro
batteries for the hero4 spare batteries
for its spare battery for the three plus
which I've got currently here a little
audio recorder a little zoom mic and a
dead cat oh also this is a this is what
they call it's a rode videomicro my
quick so I can plug into here for windy
conditions and a little bit better
quality audio and what else have I got
and this is the these are the bags just
to put all this in these my GoPro
accessories just like a chest mount and
some cables and some little replacement
things for their underwater housing
I've got rid of this is the tripod I
usually take around where is it I
usually take around this or have been
but I mean finding I don't actually use
this tripod much though I have got
instead this lighting stand which I do
two 360s on it's a little bit slimmer
profile when you're looking down and so
it doesn't take up too much of the video
space of the 360 camera which I'm hoping
I can use app to tripod and stuff with
one meter
I've also got a little mini gorilla pod
on this camera you can see which I'm
gonna I can take and also I don't think
this gorilla pod is can holder a bigger
camera but we'll see weapons almost
there
this is a monopod which is really good
for safari shorts or far-off shots with
a zoom lens and you can just kind of
stabilize it by extending those down in
a van or wherever you are it's good for
wildlife things and then just normal
toiletries little shaver toothbrush two
things of deodorant and a bunch of wires
this is a box of this is little bag of
really random things like connectors and
batteries and taste and stuff not gonna
go into that that's pretty much it
what if I missed little portable speaker
and think that's pretty much it and then
what I do is I pack all that I'll show
you
me doing that in a second and then them
and then where I have space or fitting
clothes around and I actually carry all
of this on as hand luggage so when I go
through the security and they scan my
bag
they always freak out because because
that
right I'm done guys everything is packed
into this bag right you ready yeah I did
ago Heathrow Terminal four please Thanks
we've met with Hillary and Adam go this
is their holiday crew we're all here now
yeah
so we're on the 12-hour flight to Kuala
Lumpur in Malaysia
we're actually landing tomorrow night
because the time zones like so many
hours ahead and it's a 12-hour flight so
we then staying the night will impart
then first thing in the morning we're
flying to land Cowie which is an island
off the west coast of Malaysia
it's a beautiful tropical island we're
staying there over Christmas and New
Year's it's kind of my Christmas present
to my family taking away should be
amazing really good quality time
I guess I'll see in the morning I
promise you'll be as police they'll be
on the plane
peace-out enjoy life Olivia venture
