good afternoon guys I'm over at Steve's
house we're about to go and film a video
for his channel up in London and I think
we're ready get ready to go select BAE
nice to see you see let blue you already
take dates gonna film the video for us
today but yes wait hey is this not what
let's do just to get a ticket
so one of the things we're doing today
guys because I haven't done it here it's
Christmas shopping some of it will be
for me because Steve's video it takes me
shopping videos I think by the time I
put this lid off in my okay so probably
remember or a few of you might remember
over two years ago
Steven me filmed a video on his channel
where we met shops and clothes getting a
little bit of lunch before we start
filming get a vegetarian burrito yes
this guy
going into a camera shop I need to pick
up a few things before I go you away
tomorrow so I'm gonna get a few little
accessories so we grabbed a little ND
filler from the camera shop and we're
now unfortunately said to another camera
shop group try and find a Mike Stevens
windy today
a little sloppy my camera
we're having some problems with the
light guys like the light is getting
scarce like we are the sun's about to
set basically in like half an hour so
we're just having a few problems we
still haven't got a mic
a fluffy mic so we're gonna try and get
a few shots now and then do the majority
of stuff inside the inside the shots
were shopping in very Christmasy here
today guys look look at these
decorations yes Christmasy Christmasy
vibes you guys feeling the Christmas Eve
ice yeah lights
unlike Christmas Christmas someone IDs
bro Adventure boots man they're like
that was a hug yeah a little bit yeah
we have now been into five different
shops to try and find a microphone for
stage and unfortunately this is quite
essential because otherwise the audio is
going to be terrible and windy and loud
and stuff but it's getting it looking
London it's getting a little bit long
what we've realised basically is that
London needs an equivalent of a B&H
photo if you guys know of a store in
London that is like that let us know
because this is a little bit stressful
right now isn't it we're gonna get your
video done though that's right don't
worry don't worry we finally picked up a
mic that's actually the same one I've
got but for some reason I've lost
lighter than there is but we we're
getting some filming done now it's good
it's good it's good to get rolling isn't
this thing feels nice it's been it's
been hours the first bits of like
getting into the shoot yeah the hardest
bit now I feel like they're students
yeah let's do it
I'm excited though I'm excited to
Christmas shopping this is the first
time I've been Christmas shopping this
is
and attention yeah this is what I've
been looking for Christmas music makes
your Christmas
a man may have been stopped about 20
times to try to find film this video
it's fun this course me you guys so if
you do ever see us in the street just
come and say hi we're pressure don't be
shy okay guys I've got a bunch of things
but I'm not going to show you the ball
because Steve is gonna show you in this
video so you'll have to watch that step
but they're pretty cool I like the open
half is also I'm Steve's would teach me
a lot about fashion as usual I have my
shopping
and things Steve hates me because I've
read you must see when it comes to
trainers even though that's even though
like I don't think they were going to
move try another place for Drake and
Steve where we go now have we got time
to try another place deep one more glaze
yeah right Steve's needed to head off to
this dinner
he's got I'm gonna meet up with him
later to finish filming the video in the
meantime I need to try getting the
screen and my iphone replaced before I
head off on a holiday tomorrow even
though we didn't book an appointment I'm
hoping I can weigh around and get an
appointment in the Apple store see the
bad news it's too late in the day to get
my phone fixed so I'm gonna try and rush
it tomorrow morning to the Kingston
Apple Store and see if I get it on there
in the meantime I'm going to get my vlog
edited and after you guys the star fear
recognized me in their kindly lent me a
pair of headphones and I'm also stealing
the power from this
display laptop hopefully I can get this
done quickly
it's a nice work area
so unfortunately I got kicked out of the
Apple store because they were closing so
I had to finish editing my vlog in
Starbucks I'm now done I'm back at the
Apple Store I'm going to see outside and
upload quickly cuz they're super fast
guys I've decided to see if I can
showing us the new Star Wars movie I'm
going away tomorrow and then I won't be
able to watch it like months and then it
probably won't be in the cinema so
hopefully that this is still my I'm
still going to catch it the trailer
starts Evon minutes ago if I do get it I
Steve might be a bit noisy because
especially filming an ember we'll see if
we pursue happens
well guys I loved it as expected I knew
I would its had great reviews and I'm a
big star Wars fan so yeah just amazing
gang a cyclist
amazing but yes if you haven't seen it
yet guys I'd highly recommend going
there
hello yeah from the pole anyway I'm
gonna go and see you it's still there
still enough time to go hang out with
Steve and help fulfill me is 1 a.m. but
it was worth going to C's dollars in the
cinema I would have been gutted if I've
had to just like watch it on my laptop
so I'm gonna finish filming Steve's
video tomorrow with him I'm gonna get up
early I've been up for a while just like
washing clothes and stuff before we head
off tomorrow
my parents don't have a tumble dryer so
they dry out their clothes in this hangy
thing but there it's full of their wet
clothes so I've had to like hang my
laundry all around the kitchen on the
chairs and the radiator hopefully it
dries by tomorrow all right I will catch
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom
