good morning guys is pretty early it's
almost half of 7:00 in the morning and
I've got an exciting day today I'm
joining Andy heroes in the ivory coast
with and a bunch of other guys and we're
heading down to Calais to the refugee
camp there has called the Calais jungle
and yeah it's gonna be it's gonna be
quite an experience
hey then Andy there's something like
7,000 refugees waiting in Calais all
over the place often like war-torn
countries and across the world where
they're not safe situation really we're
going to see how we can help maybe how
are you guys to get involved with
helping and just just
and did you know it introduced some of
the team you can start with your wife
George we got John George yeah
and that's we only met after day she's
uh she's gonna be our guide today there
is guys take now jungle
ash has brought us to the warehouse
where they sort through like donations
and stuff like that she's been
volunteering here for three months now
yeah also do not my t-shirt is that my
sister Hilary got it for me
Star Wars they put on these high-vis
jacket because we're kind of volunteered
for the day we used to create the
hygiene packs here so yeah so accessible
by Jean Payne shampoo toothbrush
toothpaste and they go out to all of
them spoke new arrival to goes out to
everyone if people want to send us
tweets we do need things like do drinks
you'll see main strip is as it was two
things in there and now they're gone we
have no men's deodorant now boys send
men's deodorant we update a list on
canopy do don't we've heard of calla
pedia it's kind of the main hub for all
of the information about what we're
doing can a we update that every week
with all of the things that we need
urgently in the warehouse we have
shelters that we've designed ourselves
and then we also have MSF shelters as
well as some of these guys putting
together the shelters the beginnings of
a prefab house this is amazing guys this
is awesome that people have rallied
together and and got this organized I
don't know how they've done it
this is where they put all the food and
they've been donated is this food for
the volunteers or for the refugees
everybody yeah
today we've done so we've got we've got
some onions in hair we've got some sugar
sardines or something like that
rice pudding we've got some rise please
tea obviously is a huge thing coffee's
always a huge thing and these get handed
out to the family this is the camp no
way that is also the jungle rocker head
into the jungle now
some call in the jungle with a nickname
the jungle alright so items
guys check it out the bank see the
famous Banksy of Steve Jobs and the
story behind this is that Steve Jobs is
the son of Syrian refugees and he built
the Apple Empire for sure oh he said
though these are the tear gas canisters
that the police fire into the camp
that's nuts
there's a whole pile over by there yeah
over there
this group of guys behind us Sudanese
refugees some of them have been here for
more than a year
I can't believe we're in France we're
like a couple of hours away from from
the UK
what's your name my name is worth it
where you from and how long will you
stay in the future everybody the igloo
the tree you tried to drain every day I
will get to England
what's it like in Syria what's it like
to live that one any good look you know
Oh bad right
so there's fighting all the time never
to do everyday
these guys from Syria just making us all
a cup of tea making us feel really
welcome please you go and David come on
why no no help the people here is you
because you you look TV every day
because Syria network why no head it's a
very good question guys why aren't we
helping more butter knife I don't know
how I can be more to help I guess we
have to we have to do something we can't
just let the government make decisions
for everyone else you just give him a
cup of tea from these guys even though
we're bombing their country thank you
well that's kind of mind-blowing guys
amongst complete poverty in this place
we were welcomed in they let us sit with
him they made us a cup of tea which
hatted and learn a bit about their lives
honestly very moving I can't quite put
into words how I'm feeling right now but
I mean yeah it goes far today kind of
life-changing life-changing perspective
on what's going on and how they feel and
and I feel quite responsible II I feel
like I need to take on some of the
responsibilities of what how our country
is treating the Syrians and there must
be more we can do you know we've got a
rock Syria Brian France it's getting
pretty dark now guys we've been told we
need to stay in the body I can have a
buddy system just because it gets a
little bit more dangerous and we have
come over to see this theater like this
don't theater that's been built over
there
check this out they set up a little
cinema alright yeah this is amazing
aperi this time of night everyone comes
and like sells items they call it a
black market they're like just selling
and buying work at
they're moving house literally look at
that that's how you move house in the
Calais jungle right time for dinner
what Changi with a new mayor Michael
denied he doesn't want to be on the
camera but nice where you from I'm from
Syria and then why did you flee from
Syria because we have a budget crisis in
my country so we sketch from in France
here and Kelly I've been here for 17 and
you tried to get into England yeah for
nighttime I'm gonna check in on the Euro
China
yeah yeah by the bike by train I tried
my dream drive by hard control
yeah when are you gonna try to hug too
you're gonna try again see ya you still
got hope and still got hope yeah I
already took these making me try and try
take this table yeah good luck thank you
let's figure out let's figure out our
team solution what's the solution we're
leaving ash here she's been an amazing
guy today guys
right we're at the border the police are
searching all the vehicles
Oh Joe
to let everybody Merry Christmas by well
today's left me with a lot to think
about
overwhelming really I think I need to
process what I experienced what we
experienced the incredible people there
the hospitality we were offered there it
was just the most the warmest welcome
blew my mind really considering what
they've been through there's a lot of
stuff I learned about you know people
coming over they're losing their friends
and family on the journey over from
whichever countries they were trying to
escape from basically arriving at that
refugee camp with nothing and and still
welcome welcoming us in despite
essentially Britain really not doing
much at the moment to help there's some
volunteers coming out there but on a
government level I think there's a lot
more to do I don't know the answers I
don't know all the solutions it's left
me to be honest with a lot more
questions about everything I just want
to show you one thing so the guy I
interviewed when we were around the fire
earlier um I think his name was bad so
he he just messaged me on whatsapp and
he excuse his spelling but check this
out this is the most sincere message he
just sent hello please call David
Cameron help people Syria so that's what
he's asking he's Hosking for David
Cameron to help the people in Syria
because right now I don't think he's
doing much I don't think he's doing as
much as he could so anyway lots to think
about
massive discussion I don't know what the
solution is for these people but I would
love to go back there and support them
more and find ways to support them more
and guys if you have time on your hands
or resources in any way they're looking
for volunteers like I was saying earlier
they're looking for donations for stuff
if you want to go and help over the
holidays or into the new year and you
can spare a few days I met a couple
today that just go down on the weekends
to help I'll link what I can below and
you can go and help there and they need
your help alright I'll see you in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
