hey guys this is Griffin I'm currently
in woodby Ireland and you're actually
fun for Louie
boom good morning guys it's 7:45 and the
convoy getting ready we're about to head
off to some village somewhere we're
gonna start filming and he's still
feeling a little bit poorly so you're
not coming are you Andy just go up - why
- yeah he's gonna rest up today little
bendy guys think about me this this does
happen in Africa it does happen it's
when your bodies aren't used to other
places in the world you kind of take a
while to adjust
yeah be careful
having advice in country are those fats
over there again
look at this
it's so crazy
so we've been driving on some dust
tracks for about an hour now and we've
just arrived at the village where
they're filming some stuff today this is
one of our cameras were shooting with
c300 with the cine lens guys look how
tiny this guy is
nobody I thought yeah you wanna get in
there buddy
go home to go home with your family
playing where this goes it's so small it
keeps escaping from this pen it's
alright mate don't worry gonna go back
come on
these are cooler there's the mobile
screens people can check this shot else
it's happening so the first part the
shoot is I'm gonna walk over here and
we're gonna do a little bit of intro
about this village I just need to
remember all the names
what's the village name again secret is
it
why
so I'm ducking into this little meeting
that all the villagers are having and
doing a little interview it's women
I don't know
listen before I've just had a cool chat
with a lady from an organization and
she's come into this community just to
educate them a bit more about and like
child labor issues and stuff at that and
how they can just support the community
as much as possible so it's all it's all
pretty fascinating stuff these are the
the different stuff they grow here all
chili peppers yes please
there these are the cocoa pods
there's a truce hanging at the branches
but they're not really the branches they
were almost like the tree trunk so they
almost like just like the kind of
lookout place just like poking out open
up the trunk
crazy
boy we doing here Toby some ladies Louie
yeah they're ready for you don't you
think
check this out then welcomed by a whole
choir of women singing
is no way for me to cast away love in me
goes through its talent great never
floated often sad surreal escape these
groups are groups of women that want to
start their own businesses an area will
look at ways of farming and earning
their own income following these women
they're going to show me their vegetable
that machete oh this is so cool walking
through the jungle they're singing songs
how do you how do you sing the song
yay
this woman here that's getting miked up
she's cook Jan and I'm gonna be chatting
to her a little bit about what they're
doing look at this good job good harvest
they're done let's go home
I've just finished another interview I'm
finding them really difficult actually
like they're quite different to what I'm
used to they're kind of it's the same
information but it just feels a bit less
natural it was not how what I'm used to
anyway so I need to develop my
interviewing skills I think it's fun
knife and we're getting some great
footage we're a little bit lost we
actually got a lot straightaway Susie
left I don't know where we go do you
know where we go
sorry I just saw a butterfly it's so
pretty just holding it hopefully not
lost like a butterface are these spider
webs as well turns out you don't mess
with spiders is the land here is so
fertile they're growing obviously like
okay okra see not banana plants it's
like just everything everywhere rich
look at this amazing tree guys
this is like that tree I found in
Jamaica buttress roots these are good
I'm just chatting to the goats man
probably jump back in the cars and we're
heading to a school now which was in the
first village resisted this morning
right we just arrived at the school
we're filming with this kiss this has
been my view night of the day staring
into a camera
all right that's a wrap for today it's
getting dark we need to get out of here
before we get started because apparently
gets lit with dangerous so they're kind
of trying to hurry us out of here and
you don't be driving around with all
this equipment late at night go go go
so when we got back we popped out for a
little bit of dinner now we're back at
hotel I've been editing for a few hours
tryna soar out his YouTube problems I
don't know what they're playing at I
uploaded a video and it all seemed fine
I made it live it's like ten thousand
people have watched it already and then
I realized the last 15 seconds of the
video has been cut off randomly like I
check the upload file it was fine
so I don't know what YouTube were doing
but they have it's been crazy the last
few days so sorry thanks for bearing
with me with these delayed uploads but
hopefully they'll sort out the next
couple of days I've taken off the red
vest I was wearing today because they
need me to wear it every day whilst
we're shooting so that for the next like
three more days because they want the
continuity to work between shoots
because we might be using clips for
different days so I've worn this tonight
just a reminder guys if you haven't
already this is the new live the
adventure merch there's a there's a few
other shirts that I'm selling before
Christmas and then we've got some really
exciting ideas I've loved it you guys
could go over and follow the Instagram
account which I'll link below
um we're running a little competition so
you guys can win some shirts before
Christmas and we will be running a bunch
of competitions oh and updating stuff on
there so go check that out
and yeah I'm looking forward to the next
few days it's been a little bit tricky
especially today with the language
barrier because we were doing interviews
and I'm not very good at interviews
anyway but we're doing interviews and it
was great stuff the projects are amazing
but I'm trying to listen to the
translator in French and then respond
and we're trying to capture the emotion
event it's just it's very difficult to
translate on camera so and we'll see how
it turns out these guys are
professionals and they're going to cut
it really well and so I'm excited to see
how that turns out and again like I said
on I'm just loving making different
content maybe this could be the start of
me working with more production
companies and doing more kind of
presenting and
traveling the world doing stuff Allah
who knows let's see how it turns out
maybe I'm a terrible presenter right
I'll see you in the morning guys for day
two of the shoot we're gonna see more of
the area and more other projects that
are happening I don't really know I'm
just I'm just following these guys
around peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
