hi I'm Carolyne I'm Zack and we're from
the United States of America currently
in Barrow Scotland
you're watching fine for Lily man good
morning guys
I slept amazingly last night and I'm
about to head down to the lobby to meet
Steve and the guys for some coffee
because it's amazing place you've been
staying at
yeah I think the boys are just chillin
down there somewhere I'm gonna find him
now I wait you're saying yeah yeah
copies on its way
oh yes bro over it sounds as sleep well
I see - I'm a little bit tired today
though but yeah yeah gonna give the
weather's great how nice is this place
really nice
that's believed in Louie yeah yeah we're
going back to the cold rainy freezing
England yeah it's not cool is it all
right all right thanks
thank you
where you saying we will roll in
business first business class
I still don't fit in the seat which is a
bit worrying am I really that bit
Pisco
you see let's get thing that looks like
a bedroom so he sends me
at least the boys to join us this time
okay guys we need your help we've been
very little chat here whilst we're
flying back to London basically those
that don't know who Josh is he's an
amazing musician he's got some
experience in the music industry he's an
up-and-coming artist he's been doing a
lot of writing for the artists but he
would love to find a way to do more in
YouTube and we were just thinking what
would be cool for you guys like what
would you love to see as a musician in
industry like what would you would it be
like normal daily vlogs or would it be
like little snippets of stuff is empty
we would love some comments below would
you reckon that well yeah man and then
I'd love to be something I'm missing out
videos it's the food your choice of
blood in the past I've done some vlogs
in the past
but really I just want to find out
yeah would you guys like watching you
know how to write songs and I don't know
that anything maybe there would you eat
food obviously
it's machine yo for me to see like that
process and how that works so I don't
see that also like I'm really just the
Joslin girl so I want to see that boys
up to it I was doing blender that
so yes no guys show us where we are
Steve we are almost there
we're just going across LA Farnum and
all the shop
back in London see we staying
yeah so we've arrived back in London
I've had an amazing time I feel so
thankful that I've been there on this
trip being asked to go on it to be
wicked spending time I really I think
it's it's much anyone and yeah well
realized how much hard work you put into
making the spot and how it's amazing how
we can experience it with it Joshua's
going it's been an amazing time man and
and guys like I said josh is going to be
working on this YouTube channel go over
to his channel now check out the videos
he's got leaving some some advice
constructive criticism anything anything
like that because he's gonna be want to
be making more stuff as I views not be
don't be don't be nasty but some of you
probably already subscribe to them but
don't check them out go check out his
music if you haven't already sick a
place it ok anyone
the condom
so guys I've been back for a few hours
now and I've just been catching up my
parents are you doing mom
yes how are you finding vlog vlogmas
yeah it is hard work keeping up with
everything yeah that's crazy no my mom
is doing vlogmas
and my dad's hit hey did dad last day at
work tomorrow yeah
Christmas holidays are about to begin
and I told you guys last week I think
we're going away as a family we should
be pretty awesome I'm going to be
sticking around for the next five days
so I'm in the country I'm not heading
off anywhere else I potentially could
have gone over to Uruguay but I just you
know sometimes traveling too much is
actually a thing I realized it can be
exhausting but I'm looking forward to
the next couple of days spending time
with my family
and catching up with a few friends and
enjoying the the Christmas season of the
Christmas vibes I think I'm going to go
Christmas shopping with Stephen a couple
of days he's gonna help me do some
clothes shopping they will pick up a few
gifts people alright I will catch you
guys in the morning and peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
you
