good morning guys bright and early 6:00
a.m. we've just arrived at the airport
in American Samoa and today we are
flying to Christmas Island which I think
what JP tells me is the most remote part
of our entire trip the most remote
location and so it's gonna be a pretty
long flight potentially eight hours
maybe a bit faster if we have good winds
and yeah geared up we've got the plane
ready and we're just watching this
really really beautiful sunrise
how you feeling about a flight today I
was thinking that this morning its but
we've normalized this yeah as I was
walking I was like yep just stuff to get
in a tiny plane and fly to another like
island somewhere and I was like just
there's been our life for the last two
months so it's kind of it's it's not
that it's less special boy just feels
like oh yeah you know classic this is
just what we do now and they're like JP
said we need to stay vigilant don't
become complacent this is still a lot
riskier than kind of normal flying
commercially obviously
and Pongo Pongo traffic November 2 1 0
uniform lining up 0 5 and rolling
departing to Northeast straight into
rain cloud lovely
alright
temperatures the pressures are good
still concept-based feeds alive
this is a radio that we're picking up a
radio station I've never had that before
yeah I've never heard
oh right foot yeah and it's their
radically a full-circle
we're just on high number right now hi
this is November two ones are at you
know for we're unable to reach you on
VHS I thought I call and let you know
where everyone
so we were able one one seven three one
and we're estimating Dharma at one eight
three zero which fits that the actual
bit but again the only thing I can do is
I have epoxy in the very back side you
glue it hopefully but we can't and fear
apply to our life with this so you just
pop it in and it just just local I knew
I was gonna have it I knew we should
have gotten ourselves a spare okay
and let me think of a alternative if we
can fix this we can definitely get a
bicycle pump in I'm sure we'd be able to
buy one from someone at what's the same
so we should be okay from there onwards
now we have so much feel that we're
relying on out of that tank there is it
usable with five minutes oh no okay now
what's the moment it's nap air just came
rushing in my face from the tank whoa
yeah no we can't use it like if I do
that there's this air coming out all
right
at this rate we're gonna run out of fuel
2030 miles from our destination so we
have to get that few up I like got a
whole lot more exciting
this is one of the worst places it's
good of a husband in there his ly worst
we're beyond a point of no return and
we're loyal it is the nearest island is
420 miles away this event series Island
is three hours of flying Roy
oh man we've got clear skies okay that's
good news
wow that's just blue blue blue all right
that's okay that's a big row this
because I was thinking we're gonna fire
on more storms as well which would not
not up and good yeah that's just a clear
shot pretty much I mean we have 700
miles to go so a lot can change at 700
miles visibility was the horizon with
you reckon maybe 50 miles under vinyl
super lucky okay so how's that that's
just probably the hardener isn't really
doing that good but I'm just gonna pump
like that I think you'll be okay
that I will suck at all real ratio yeah
we don't have enough partner in that
blue but I think would be able to get
air okay all right we call wait for too
long we tried only need to do Plan B
with with the cables I'm gonna put a
hose clamp around here yeah and then
wrap the rope around here onto the
through the hose clamp and then and then
a host sample hold the rope at the
bottom here a battle put it down okay
will it feel it though while the glue is
doing a great job of sealing it so my
plan is take the rope who will it will
it hold it enough to be airtight
well the view is doing that all I'm
trying to alleviate us when we're
pulling I'm trying to alleviate that
stress from the glue you pull the hose
clamp down I've got the rope yeah yeah
all the way down okay now take a rope
again
all of it okay
as tight as you can LFL break it
well
without holding it
I think we might be the pressure yeah
that's real running yeah awesome
alright we should be able to see that go
up now or grooming we're groovin we have
we get all of you on we're fine how's it
looking all right you copy old but it
seems to be old
it's not hardening I'm just not gonna
use it for a while and I hope it uh it
just needs longer to set now that it's
older I mean I get to probably so pump a
little bit like this if I need it too
November 2 under uniform we are
two-five-zero nautical miles from
Cassidy International that's Papa Lima
Charlie hotel maintaining one 1,000 and
we're expecting Cassidy at zero two two
six zoo that's crazy we are okay
we're one degree one degree from the
equator and we get to sit on here anyway
no put on here this is a zero degree
line that's it
so we are 1 degrees 60 60 nautical miles
so we are 64 about 70 nautical miles
from from the equator
I'll keep this open to remember yeah I
definitely want to see that moment what
is double Sullivan easily coordinate
services for six minutes stop
six minutes latitude south of the
Equator and it's uh it's about to go
down for a day
over it we are there is nothing outside
we are very very revived bike wow we're
not we're north of the Equator again
well do the hemisphere we're back at it
in Cassidy traffic November 2 1 0 a
uniform 6 0 miles to the south are
inbound descending through ten thousand
eight hundred four five thousand five
hundred
I just must be the smallest
International Airport with listed yet
Christmas Island
cassadee International there's only one
other plane here well guys we are here
Christmas Island
just filled up the plane and I just
asked them how many planes come in like
how often they get planes in it's so
remote and she's are saying they have a
weekly scheduled flight and then planes
like ours that really rare like maybe
once a month so yeah it must be one of
the least-used international airports it
has to be I'll show you on a map we can
be arrived at the hotel I showed in the
map where we are because it's so
isolated and but so beautiful it's like
paradise riding to our hotel in style
staying guys the Captain Kirk hotel that
was a fun transportation with it thank
you so much
this is pretty epic guys we're staying
right on the beach
it's such a shame we couldn't get here
earlier to enjoy here we're leaving
first thing in the morning as usual this
is this is insane
guys look at these ginormous craps
outside our own
hey by the restaurant guys like us I was
gonna show you earlier we are we are
we're that everyone's been poking on
this mouth but it's kind of literally
got
right in the middle of the Pacific well
we had a nice vegetable curry it's time
to turn into the night I am pretty
exhausted I'm really looking forward to
getting to Hawaii actually I think it's
gonna be a good stop there and we've got
a bit of time and yeah I think I'll be
it will be nice just to relieve the
tension a little bit because it's so
intense traveling when you're just with
another person for this amount of time
in a cooped up space it's nice to have a
little bit of time to you know just to
get some space so that's what Hawaii
will brain I think and some adventure
all right I'll see you in the morning
peace out enjoy life the adventure
