and we're from the United States and
we're currently studying abroad in
Barcelona Spain and you're watching good
morning boys is 6:30 a.m. I've been up
for about an hour I'm gonna head down
and find the guys and hopefully grab a
coffee before grabbing a flight to Gran
Canaria this morning and we're gonna
have some fun
good morning guys everyone just wait of
the Louie everyone has been ready
we've arrived in Gran Canaria first stop
another coffee because it's still early
is like 9:30
we've just been showing the path that
we're going to be mountain biking along
a little trail that goes around this
mountain we're now heading out to get
our bikes
we're driving in the back of this pickup
truck to sell for what
a little bit left out now Fiero we
jumped in the back of this truck
now we're gonna go mountain biking down
these hills hopefully this is Carlos
he's taking us biking got the crew set
up we've got the drone in the air yeah
are you ready to go biking Bobby josh
has a massive head as well look the
biggest head in the world look yeah look
at Steve's mr. P head so we told the
crew it's probably a good idea for them
to stand in the back of the truck and
film us from in front why the sound guy
he's he's he's gonna be right off there
okay hey everybody
guys we've been persuaded to carry our
bike
what about this guy this for me man you
do realize when your places like this
the Sun set in the mountains without
sounding cheesy nature is dripping it
made so check how I've customized this
helmet I've got the audio recorder so I
can chat to you because the GoPros in a
fully waterproof case so it's like muted
audio guys check out this cave how sick
is this
well yeah boy look at that
so that's a wrap guys
we're gonna walk down a different way
this is so epic I'm definitely coming
back here we could have walked all the
way up to the top of that peak but um
but we're gonna call it a day because
Steve's batteries run out and we've got
to get back and stuff I've got a lot of
vlogs to catch up on we've had an
amazing few days here in the Canary
Islands and for me hiking up to that
Ridge and watching the sunset on this
last day has been incredible absolutely
amazing yeah we've done so much in such
a short amount of time and I feel like
there's so much more to do so we
definitely need to plan another trip
yeah we're coming back here for definite
suite oh wow
we've arrived at our hotel tonight whoa
Bravo guys look at this that is serious
well guys it has been an absolutely
crazy day we have had so much fun and I
am definitely coming back to the Canary
Islands 100% I I cannot believe this is
Europe I honestly cannot I will see in
the morning peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
