hi I'm Josh and I'm from Singapore but
I'm currently on holiday in Queenstown
New Zealand and you're watching fun for
Louie boo good morning guys it is like
beautiful day today in the Canary
Islands check this view out this is
ridiculous
this is our film crew there they're
following us they're gonna be they're
gonna be throwing us today guys I just
picked up my phone somehow one day into
buying it I have cracked my phone
horribly look at that but how do they
even happen Steve did you smash my phone
broke
so we've arrived our first stop and
basically we are here in the Canary
Islands and today in the Tenerife
helping the Tourism Board shoot a big
promotional video so we've got this crew
with us and our first activity today
it's we are going to be power gliding up
here
hey Steve what's down bow thing is I
like an adventure but my adventure is
more like let's sit by this pool and
read this adventure book samira steve
again interviewed it's not an interview
oh there it's on the intro for their
video basically we're just going to be
chillin here chatting about being in the
Canary Islands and the fact that we've
never been before chatting about some of
the activities we doing the next couple
of days Louie and Steve back together
again
one-take wonders mate boom well let's go
on our let's go on all the harnesses
road and jump up this mountain yeah
so we're not going solo we're doing the
tandem paraglide a Josh and Jake have
never done this before
Josephson he's a little terrified I'm
not massively excited about jumping off
this mountain they get the paranoid as
we just have to jump off the mountain
we're not going to do now
the paragliding yeah we're gonna do now
we're going to go into the mountains and
we're gonna do the road bikes because of
the conditions is it too windy it's too
windy and also the direction of the wind
is not ideal for us because we want to
go with the wind
exactly you're gonna take us biking yes
okay so we've arrived
we're just driven almost to the other
side of the island and we're gonna be
getting on some bikes now and just
cruising downhill this is so epically
beautiful isn't it this is all volcanic
guys this whole place just came out of
the ocean guys I just got my 360 rig and
one of these guys has like a clip to put
it on the bike so I'm gonna try and ride
with this off of my bike
please throw your hair out rough we're
trying to stick a pole out the front put
a 360 camera on see to come up with a
genius plan
yeah potato saves a day this might be a
weird angle to watch 360 though yeah
you'll be recorded by you can listen
after me they sweep my chin you've got a
nice chin there me although my face is
gonna be down there it's here so are you
gonna be looking I like you should have
just asked me I would have ridden like
this we're ready to go guys we're ready
to roll I thought I was gonna go on the
bike we're ready to roll we've got the
360 camera let's do this Steve boom
let's do this right we've been rolling
for like five minutes and it's going
well it's going well Steve's been riding
with the GoPro in his mouth the whole
time he just switched up yeah you mount
it on the front out yes to change up yes
brother
Steve just completely cut me up I almost
fell like I back wheels slid out managed
to keep upright yeah you get to decide
we made it through fair we that was like
pretty easy because we just went
downhill so it was just a taster of road
biking like what you're saying we're on
an Instagram mission state be so nice
exciting news guys we just found out the
wind has now changed and we're ready to
go paragliding so literally driving
straight back to where we were this
morning and I hope you jumped up the
mountain back at the paragliding we're
having a little bit of trouble getting
the van up the hill
how beautiful is it right
you're just saying you can't believe
we're in the Canary Islands yeah I can't
believe I've never been it I know what
guys I'm attempting something quite
ambitious I'm gonna try to do a 360
video whilst we're paragliding
now I don't know how this is gonna turn
out it can't be pretty awesome you're
gonna get some sweet GoPro angles yeah
so Steve's going up first
he's strapped in ready who are you the
instructor shouting oh my god
yeah I just landed after a breath-taking
her press taking flight hopefully I've
been able to include some of this
footage I've been shooting a 360 so it
might not work but I'm gonna try and
include a few little clips into a normal
video see see how that looks
so where were you bro to record my
landing margins chillin apparently they
were watching some other BOTS guy they
were like that same way that was
amazing I was sick or not so good so
that's five put it there bro yeah right
it is made to an awesome day in the
Canary Islands Tenerife we've got a
pretty early start tomorrow because
we're flying to Gran Canaria it's the
main island and we're gonna be doing
some mountain biking and I don't know
where else we're doing climbing it
should be pretty fun but I'm gonna get
some sleep
I catch in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
