hi I'm Katie I'm cash and I'm Sophie
we're from Guildford and you're watching
farmer Louie hey good morning guys I had
a bit of Lyon this morning it's 11am I
still didn't sleep a lot but I didn't go
out partying with Andy last night had a
little bit of foam oh he rang me whilst
I was trying to edit well here's that
are we going out we're going out
clubbing that was it yeah you should
have come really good you had work to do
yeah I is brilliant this the first time
I've ever been clubbing we there's just
three of us out yeah from the team and
two on security following us around the
club at all time no
we've just arrived in abidjan after like
a three or four-hour drive the aircon
was broken in our car soaps so hot and
for me and and they've been napping in
the awesome chat about life and vision
and direction and spill equates fired
we're just chilling out special food
Queen awesome capacitor as well I think
no you have to nice it's a nice chill
time after what hectic day
some of the team are heading off I think
we've got different flights home
so half the team have headed off and the
rest of us are going for a little wonder
now yeah it's a shame we didn't get to
explore a bit more but it turns out of
this hotel isn't that close to anything
really and and we're all very tired for
the week so it's been nice just taking a
few hours to rest up where's that music
coming from
there's a wedding over there hi sweeties
suivi wedding crashers we're not
entirely sure how safe it is walking
around but now I do something I think
it's fine sure guys we're gonna stick
out a little bit aren't we just a tiny
bit I don't think we can just join the
wedding and I think we can Larry yes
sunday
coming everyone joining
we've been inviting guys they couldn't
take any more seamless outside dancing
the bride and groom of arrives that we
just like steps away from the dance rule
for a second the bride just came up to
us and just gave us both the game flow
it's like this is nice live where I can
instantly
well they stop the music I guess the
party's winding down no such a tree
we want over here let's crash that
wedding I was kind of joking but says
that we did doing that just shows it
just illustrates how welcoming people in
the Ivory Coast are that we literally
like no offense but I think I'd struggle
to invite stranger than play at the
wedding party maybe I words but want to
let y'all know Louise just decided but
when he does eventually get married
you're all invited yeah you guys aren't
strangers you're my friends
alright it's time for us to head up now
just getting our bags yeah fellow we've
had a good rest today it's been nice
so sometime we just go one car between
herself
simatic state Louie in the boot who are
you gonna get in a boot you could just
lie on their make artificial no no yeah
yeah I see are you begin a school matter
how he prefers doing the things like
this right this is awesome in pushing
rude luxuria your head definitely needs
to go in a bit more has it been working
with Louie this week it's been
absolutely amazing really every moment a
surprise ya devi looking for new
solution come on the surprises yeah yes
price it's not very well boys done good
nobody be like working with these boys
nice good fun you have a new Louis are
you always for coming
fantastic guys absolutely disaster I
left my phone in the car let me just got
left here and we don't have the drivers
number so we've got going through
security but i need to get my phone it's
got my boarding pass on the old side
it's my phone I'm not gonna leave it in
the Ivory Coast so we're trying to get
through to the other guide and see we've
got contact for that drive or something
such an idiot we got through to Calvin
back at the hotel
I English speaks no English
oil guys bad news a taxi guy couldn't
bring my phone back in time so it's not
the end of the world basically he's
gonna give it to Gavin who lives in cape
town and then and is gonna pick it up
from him but I need a phone so when we
land in Heathrow long enough to buy one
Bessie we're on the a380 again
double-decker
Louie I played comfortable there mate
yeah sorry I've given you an extra a
plot to your foot extra two foot so on
Ivan I fly to Paris without my phone
such a shame you know these things
happen and as you know I am I am pretty
forgetful and misplace things all the
time
it's usually when I'm tired is you doing
I have those days you're on commit like
a little bit kind of zone down I just
believe things places I'm trying to
learn guys I know it's getting
ridiculous now the amount of things I
lose but I'm
I'm trying hope I can just get a new
phone I needed to upgrade in any way my
screen is cracked and you know yeah so
is it that time
it's been an amazing trip I honestly
didn't really know what to expect we
came out to the Ivory Coast and it's
been yeah it's been so so good and I'm
in love for this country and I'm looking
forward to coming back again someday
I'm gonna sign out here guys going to
try get a little bit of sleep on the
flight i'm catching the money peace out
enjoy life and if the adventure
