yo what's up guys my name is Aaron I'm
from Southampton England but right now
I'm imported delacruz and you're
watching bumper Louie boom good morning
guys today I've come down to learn a bit
more about cocoa farming and we're at
different village today once you're down
will be found over here Andy he's made
it out of an old oil bottle and yeah
wheels can either go right
I headed into the jungle but it's going
to the jungle yeah so check out my check
out these awesome chairs made out of
bamboo
you're gonna protect a Sunday we haven't
got the police with us today what's
exactly going on this morning and today
they're going to be talking about these
farmers I'm just taking a little break
from filming while staying up the next
shot and andis been chilling up in the
village is gonna take me for a little
tour so it's all of the village and I
love rice yeah this house is awesome
because the roof is made of like flowers
that's our Krishna this is what we saw
the farming in the fields every day
I like your jacket mate he's the fashion
king he is the fashion king guys check
this out this is awesome
so these chickens are walking around and
they're like digging up the leaves to
get to the worms and insects and stuff
but then they're moving back to their
chicks can get in there and can have a
little snap - it's cool cuz you don't
actually ever get to see chickens doing
this and when they're kept captive
because they're in a little coop and
this is this is chickens behavior in the
wild
this is a fig tree or we think it's a
fig tree and what they do is they wrap
around the existing tree basically
suffocate it the the other tree dies and
then it ends up as like a hollow tree
just taking a little break for lunch you
know good morning
film some cool bits we were just hearing
how the farmers or me and learn how to
look after their crops better just get
interviewing a few people again I'm
enjoying it I'm doing this this whole
experience is pretty awesome well guys
I've got something different in my
sandwich today potato potato mushrooms
and onions all right Darrell who's been
one of the main guys involved with this
whole shoot is heading off Salado Nathan
so as well thank you for having us
yeah yeah fan falou Nathan's been
amazing he's just been telling us all
about what's going on here he's like
he's always absolutely a legend and what
we've done
Luiz doing the other films I've just
gone for another Wonder there you go get
back to your job can you guys see what I
can say Louie's talking to himself
Louie pulled out I pulled out my took
him about hey Louie check out all these
guys in front of us you wouldn't get out
in machete
now Lisa walking through the jungle to
the next location nursery where they
planted of the seats I love it Louisa
learning his lines he has a lot of lines
to learn he's doing a really good job
don't know how he does it
oh you're gonna go up here right I'm
gonna go there are we gonna film you
right now okay chicken versus puppy
sorry chicken versus puppy let the whole
family is on this motorbike look for the
kids doing my last little talky bet
while striving to take the whole facts
the whole team in the color shimmering
it's the end of the day I have one more
line to deliver and the car has just
broken down this is the car that we're
filming from so I'm sitting in the back
here and I need to do one last Drive
where I just like do the final sign out
and yeah this has happened looks like
we're staying in the village now and the
thing we're gonna get stranded in yeah
and the Sun is literally setting right
now that would be awesome
so I think that's a wrap they didn't
manage to fix the car so we're gonna
have to cram more in the remaining parts
for the journey back three in the back
yeah
so the other thing just come out for
dinner I'm gonna stay in I've just
ordered some room service because I've
got a bunch of editing today and also
I'm trying to recover some of the
corrupted files from the GoPro the 360 I
was saying last night I had some
problems or whatever I may have figured
something out on using some data
recovery stuff and then I'm gonna do
some video repair software I really hope
it works it's gonna take me hours though
and I'm behind on editing so I'm gonna
and he to stay up very late tonight but
this is what's going on currently I've
managed to find something there's some
files appearing or something
I am rendering my vlog it's almost 6
a.m. to be fair I spent a lot of the
night
trying to salvage the GoPro clips and I
think I did it guys I think I did it
yeah very frustrating I would have loved
to get a vlog up for you tonight I'm
just gonna delay it a day to tomorrow
and maybe this week or do some double
uploads so I can catch up myself but
yeah it's been another awesome day
hopefully you saw some little snippets
of what we're up to I just want to give
a big shout out to the whole team and
despite a bit of stress and having to
kind of find the way out of complicated
situations this week they did amazing
and it's been a pleasure to be a part of
this and yeah I think I'd like to do
more kind of professional productions
alongside my vlogs and let me know what
you guys think whether it'd be cool and
I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
