and they're currently at Bali Indonesia
and you're watching hey guys today we're
going on a bit of an adventure with
these guys this is Tom yes Brad look
they've just come to pick me up the plan
is we're gonna go home fine this this
like old abandoned Nazi camp I don't
know what it's doing in LA but yeah I've
got a really good idea right my dad at
seven o'clock in the morning you Kate
I'm like what are you doing in two days
he said nothing I said I'm flying you
out of LA so you ready for this I've
been told naked men are gonna run up me
we're in a really nice area surrounded
by a NASA camp really I'm so confused
yeah I mean I'm good basically I thought
like I'm saying I saw Sawyer and Jo and
Ollie and stuff went there here last
year then we looked it up online found
this website and I was telling Tom on
the way here
that someone had commented that they'd
been there and if they arrived a naked
man ran out of the building with a knife
say yeah I'm cool go naked I think we
could take him there's four of us and we
could take your team by the way I have
to explain the hair isn't
totally a fashion statement one I
personally love it but mainly is to
raise awareness for diabetes
really yeah diabetes a wedding for them
so I was like silver gray is the color
of like their symbol so like that's why
I'm doing that's silver
that's that explains just in case
everyone in the comments is like what
the hell is that dad doing
we found the dirt track we're following
it I'm basically following the guide on
their website like a little with little
pictures and directions here's the
engine
I don't think technically we're supposed
to be coming in here I think it might
take the cute red star thing but
I love doing things like this I haven't
really explored abandoned buildings or
things for ages like right the start of
my channel I was doing it quite a bit
but it's nice to be back on an adventure
we should run back up here
we're trying to figure out why only
graffiti artists decided to come down
here and graffiti paint rocks why you
give to a fee in the ground
I never was here the next part of the
directions are to follow this this wall
so that's what we're doing so I've just
looked up the history of this place and
apparently the reason why it's called a
Nazi camp is because it was owned by
Germans around the time of the Second
World War and they were hoping for it to
be like a refuge place for Nazis to come
over when Germany won the war but they
never won the war so yeah that's what it
was guys how did you get up there okay
wait I'm coming I'm coming
what do you think of this place - um
Louie
we're definitely hanging out more often
yeah I love random adventures and this
is 110 percent at run of adventure yes
success don't do it don't believe in
this main powerhouse bit
we're trekking further I've no idea
what's up here I kind of browsed that no
website we found it on I didn't want to
look at too many of the pictures cuz I
didn't whenever I'm surprised
that is cool how's it doing it in so
badly
hey maybe pressure inside from the heat
isn't me
guys why would this massive metal
cylinder do that like why'd it then that
that's probably the most broken roll
I've seen ever in my life I love how
this is will be fenced off and people
just don't care and they're just like
wire cutter that was the VW camper yeah
to try and restore it try and restore it
back to its former glory
Tom wants to find a transfer of scorpion
so we found a beetle let's go out you
didn't just find a beetle
all right he saw some clues like oh
there's a black shiny thing in there
could have been anything stuck his
finger in it and then dug it out with
his hands like Lois if you die like yeah
I'm lucky this isn't a scorpion
basically these aren't the stairs we
came down Oh might be a dead end we just
thought we'd follow these and see where
we may have got a little bit less the
wool follows all the way along and then
we can just walk this way and find the
hey maybe we should have come back there
okay I'm so unfair so you wanna find
good set of stairs to work out on in LA
is your place we found another big
tanker thing how are you enjoying this
walk amazing guys we have to explore oh
this is not their own secure girls likes
can fall off
nice fine don't worry about it it's it's
all the part of the adventure
sit down there there's a ladder that
goes in little hammer that goes it dies
I don't know how strong this roof is it
feels it does warble you know yes corner
yeah yeah looks like it's been home on
the back of the car
we're now heading for dinner we're going
for dinner right cheers lads and what
free smoothie fun adventure I got the
veggie burger sweet potato fries these
guys oh yeah that's my spinach spinach
right yeah yeah oh yeah the lovely
dinner we're gonna head off now we're
actually like walking distance from here
yeah we're gonna walk the marina next a
good way it's great hanging out she
before yeah I think so I'll see you
again it's been a lot of fun today man
we finally managed to identify Liam
managers that we did I might not see you
again because my dad's are driving if
you never hear from me again this was an
awesome day oh it's going going to check
out Tom's version of today he is a very
funny daily vlogger you need connect
Alex he's awesome I'm like I'm glad I
was like and then you have so many films
with her iPad iPhone potato 6 yeah yeah
babe so funny story I actually got back
here four hours ago
and I got a text from Jesse saying hey
man what you up to come over to
jennamarbles house so I jumped in an
uber went over there hung out with Jesse
and Jeana Jenna and Julian for like
hours and I didn't vlog deliberately but
Curtis obviously Jenna's got a massive
YouTube channel and I've only met them
briefly at like VidCon and stuff and I
just felt like it was a bit awkward and
a little bit like inappropriate if I'm
going to her house and then I'm just
like getting my camera out even though
everyone those are youtubers I feel like
the first time sometimes you meet you
don't want him to feel like especially
they're a bigger youtuber that you were
just there to like kind of leech off
their popularity or anything like that
and we just had great chats all night I
really got to know and they are awesome
people guys like I'm really looking
forward to hanging out with them some
more and I'm sure like when I hang out
with him more I will be able to include
them in the vlogs and you guys can get
to know them a bit as well yeah it was
just such a nice evening and honestly
such a great day with Tom as well
hanging out with him
his dad and friend like I don't know I
just for me it was it was nice to get
out and and have a bit of an adventure
somewhere new in LA that I haven't that
haven't been before so that was great
and I will see tomorrow I'm actually
going to the the climate March all
around the world tomorrow people are
marching to make a stand against climate
change and yeah we'll bring awareness
for all the governments which are
currently meeting this week in Paris to
have a big discussion and make decisions
important decisions on what they're
going to do to tackle climate change so
I'm actually going to do a take part in
March tomorrow in LA that like I said
happening all over the world and yeah
it's good and I know some of you have
said in comments and tweets to me I fly
a lot and my carbon footprint is
terrible
I'm I don't know a solution to that
other than stopping to traps stopping
travel I would love to fly and look at
airlines that start using biofuels if
any of you know of ways to travel to
different countries without having a big
carbon footprint let me know one thing
I've decided to do which you guys know
is just at the plant-based protein in my
life that does actually surprisingly
have a massive effect on global warming
but anyway this is a whole discussion we
can have tomorrow but it's something I
want to look at more in my life is my
impact on the world around me and how I
can live sustainably and how I can set a
good example to you guys and I know I
don't always do it well but I am trying
since tomorrow peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
