good morning guys today's Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving just heading over to
Sears to pick up my bags like it managed
to pick up last night we're gonna do
some food shopping and doesn't know
where else we're gonna do
we've got a few things planned today
we've got a Thanksgiving meal tonight we
need to figure out I think we're gonna
find somewhere to go outside rather than
coke is none of us know how to cook
turkey I have all my things I don't
really think it's through though because
now I've got to lug these around until
we get back to the ER bin but I wish I
could travel lighter I mean this is
quite light compared to like having
Maine luggage like that you check in but
it for carry-on this is it this is
- time great happy guys because my
effort is increasing and I've been
needing this nap and for a while because
when you're not hungry you don't they
look cool front of your mind to be a lot
might need to be up in my calories
because I'm not eating any animal-based
protein so I just need to like
I'm very hungry right now I've got some
bar nuts squash soup a very large part
of it and have been fed up guys look at
this purple potato how crazy is that
oh I just need a pallet up
what
for the likes of file and everyone
Cheers
what probably a power cut because the
tails are still working and some of that
likes to run
maybe just one of their lighting
circuits the script
everyone everyone's been asked to leave
the shop everyone's had to stop in the
middle of shopping and and leave and I
have this I have this theory this
conspiracy theory that this too is a
deliberate way for all the staff here to
go home for Thanksgiving they're like oh
no the electricity's cut off oh we're
gonna have to close early we're back at
the apartment and just in general arrive
and there's no any wood or I can't find
it so I set out on the floor and I'm
gonna try not in this somehow I've ended
up dressing completely in navy blue
tonight and so I don't know
they've arrived well there's flashing
red lights
maybe the turkey obviously I forget
mister can john-boy I some traditional
things like stuffing and Sofia and
Jessie's gonna show me a magic trick
okay okay
don't shake up
the magician check out this thomas toys
regular hummus edamame hummus and red
pepper on our skin so again how do you
see banging like biscuit right there
you know these guys all got the
traditional Thanksgiving turkey meal how
is it I got the stuffing classic classic
sweet potato can is this candied yams
these can be done this is what's it's
spinach oh my god and that's an
artichoke put it in my mouth there's
givenness really need two pie without
show you so much
that really is what with your hands like
that it's supposed to represent the
Indians and turkeys please
come on without your hand look at this
look at this guy he's crazy yeah these
guys are off
no wait tomorrow it's been fun
Thanksgiving isn't it's been fun so
before I end the vlog today guys
me and Nick just wanted to chat to you a
little bit basically I'm here in LA for
a week I'm not out there jungle trekking
having conventional adventures but this
is an adventure for me and I'm trying to
figure out a way to share that with you
guys because all I tend to vlog on days
like today is eating food going for
coffees laptop Club but behind the
scenes which is what we're trying to
figure out now is do you guys want to be
involved with the conversations we're
having and now I'm trying to figure out
how do i vlog those conversations and
involve you guys so this week we've been
preparing the official launch of story
we haven't said it date yet but a whole
bunch of you guys may remember the
beginning of the Louie and I launched an
app called story on this channel and we
did one punch of the app because we knew
it would be crap at the beginning since
January stories come a long way and
we've kept that largely hidden from this
channel because we wanted to make
incremental improvements to the app and
we haven't wanted to say hey new version
new version new version we want us like
really test out what what like naturally
happens without the Louie show
wenting everyone there and you may have
heard me occasion you mention it like in
passing and for those who that know who
Nick is you may realize that this is his
full-time thing and I'm very involved as
well and whenever we're hanging out
we're always talking about it but just
not with you guys so we're not keeping
you updated and you may have noticed the
link in there in case you know what
story is it's an app apparently only for
iPhone that enables people to connect
that's the way that what we're
passionate about so videos that was a
creative video on YouTube and get out
there it's quite intimidating it's quite
a process on story to be easy so when we
launched we said hey guys it's a
vlogging app which it's not it's not I'm
like you know it's just a way to connect
and share any kinds of video so we've
got a people-person slow-mo stuff time
lapses music covers but you got hailey
she's really good little anchor she's
better than saying let's show a quitter
though right out what iswhat what in the
world what in the hizzy
I'm an Eskimo Eskimos what I am
so as you can see this it's come a long
way since they are very good timing by
the way
yeah very good and the beatboxing yeah
much better like nd but there we what we
wanting to do is share a little bit more
back journey on this channel not the
journey as much of what's happened but
what's happening now a massive part of
my adventure in life is collaborating
working on projects I'm very excited
about the potential possibilities of
what we've created I've never seen this
been done before really where you you're
building something and involving people
every step of the way in the way that
I'd love to but we just wanted to ask
you guys do you want to be involved
every step of the way or do you want us
just to like work on this have my laptop
clubs do our internal kind of figuring
things out and then do a big launch and
then we'll just do one announcement at
the end of it or be like okay it's
really we would love to have you guys
input into the app and into the process
but we don't a presume that that's what
you're interested in so let us know
below in the comments how much do you
want to be involved with this journey
minnak going on obviously it's not going
to take up all my vlogs it's going to be
we're going to be gallivanting around LA
having fun we've got some cool things
planned this week but amongst that there
is a lot of discussion going on and we'd
love to include you guys and get a lot
of your feedback and make this together
so that's the end of our little chat and
again happy Thanksgiving guys I hope
it's Lots you're thankful for you could
actually also comment below things you
are thankful for in your life I did ask
on Instagram as well but I'd love
tonight and I'll see you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
