hi I'm Brianna and I'm Alex and we're
from Virginia currently in Alaska and
you're watching fun for Louie
oh good morning guys we are leaving our
jungle hut we are rushing down for the
car because and she's running a little
bit late before we go I just wanted to
show you my final masterpiece that I
painted last night what do you think I
think it looks pretty cool
I think it adds beautifully to the to
the rest of neuro and this was rise in
case you didn't see yesterday right I
was here love yourself love earth love
each other bye bye
unfortunately we have to rush off before
we can have a good chat in my cool about
them
the lodge and you know all the things
about the houses and stuff thought I
might send him an email and just asked
him some questions it seemed like it was
an evolving project that took years but
he said that each house only took a
couple of weeks to be able so I was
interesting and he's recommended we take
the route around the island which kind
of goes along the coast rather than up
and over the middle so that's what we do
which is a more scenic route even though
we are in a hurry look at this rain guys
love snowing
the rain was great he was hammering down
on the tin roof
this felt like it just like roaring and
it's convenient that this is the last
night we wouldn't be able to go like on
the bobsled or be jug is
you know our kites in the ride there's
lots of guides speediness today like i
just taking his cows for little dried
it's fully over that's amazing this job
I know the cow fell over he actually
fell over
it's really sad I like how laid-back it
is in Jamaica how you can just ride in
the back of the trucks
the first you ever wrote that
I don't know Ellis oh I know it was it
was when me Dave Steve and Mike went to
cowboy country rode in the back of truck
coaches draw the red ocher up and I had
to actually drop Roya to run it because
she hasn't checked in yet
I'm hoping if no our flight leaves in
like like 40 minutes I'm hoping it'll
show was it cutting it fine
yeah do they always know that's done
Thanks welcome to Miami Spanish yeah
Belize does so I mean Rio just grab some
food and we're about to go our separate
ways
I'm gonna accompany her to gate she's
going to where you go Mexico Cancun
Tulum but you're flying into thank you
and then I'm flying back over to LA to
see avenge for a few days before heading
back to the evening crazy and then Mia
Ryan I'm gonna see each other for like a
month hopefully we're gonna be reunited
in South Africa in January
yay
you have a mean before have you it's
good it's real good
yeah we just got to the gate everyone is
boarded up up fryer fryer you are late
for your flight
there you go okay
you're a good adventure buddy boarding
the plane much earlier than I usually do
I usually wait the bottle after every
important thing going but it's a full
flight and I've got this bag so it only
gets tougher
which actually have known the last life
they always make me check it and I can't
check this bad boy too
well do the same place like the narrow
pane open the pool
I've arrived at LAX I'm pretty tired jet
lag so I've stopped into Starbucks no
I'm not
LED displays literally mister by :
minutes I need to find some caffeine
somewhere so I've just been dropped off
to Swiss house now I don't know if saw
is around but I know Cyr definitely is
it's Thanksgiving this week so a lot of
people on in LA they're kind of off home
visiting their families various places
around America apparently see residents
they he said I could come and crash
tonight and then I think I'll end up
meeting Nick managed tomorrow
well turns out no one's actually in yet
I just got a text from Sears saying he's
on his way so I just aggravated hitch no
I was hit huge bears hit their youth
fluffy lovely dog ah annually this
little dog is humping me the way this
thing is apparently Ollie's been
castrated inside he has no balls only
wood why are you coming through my leg
this noble got really weird this food
coming we able to take out an hour and a
half ago I'm like was literally drifting
in and out of sleep I got the massage
chair working parent is broken just
fiddle with some wiring on it rewired it
basically hopefully saw you'll be happy
how long was it broken yeah it shows you
when there's a motive when there's a
will there's a way
yeah I just needed a little bit lower
back massage off this light food is here
we're gonna tuck into a bit of food
before sleepy time
and I'm back on the sofa bed this is the
first place overslept when I came to LA
for three months back in 2012 was it no
mm beginning 2013 yeah 2013 um so lots
of great memories and and it's like I
feel like it's getting back to my roots
I've been able to travel and just crash
with friends which is something I'd love
to be more about this it doesn't always
work out but it's worked out tonight all
right I see in the morning peace out
enjoy life
