I'm from Colorado
you're watching good morning guys is
beautiful day and the Ivory Coast here
is Andy well it's just chillin chillin
with his wooden gun yeah these are the
guys guard in their hotel we are about
to take a little stroll we haven't
really seen the area because we arrived
right in the dark so I'm gonna go have a
look a bit hazy today but it's warm
that's what's important
yes bro
so as I told you guys yesterday the
reason I'm out here is I'm helping
present on a documentary which is
starting in on Monday that we've got a
couple of days just to relax and a
customized temperature it's
so we haven't really made a lot of plans
so I think me and they just want to you
know get our bearings
learn a little bit about being the
country and the area where if we're it
it's cool we just kind of like wandering
down the beach at the moment that seems
to be a lot of people out this out
apparently this is the way to the
nearest town need to cross this bridge
here
keeping my eyes open for crocodiles and
harris crocodiles
thing of it jumped in with myself that
video about the power Bridget oh yeah
yeah it's not that it's not very high
but the only thing is there could be a
cheeky little crocodile just hiding in
those reef
yes telling breezeblocks
yeah that in the workout I'm thinking of
buying some fruit but the lady selling
it is asleep I guess everyone just
chills this summer day the Ivory Coast
was a French colony so the local like
everyone's first language here is French
I think they might understand they got
their independence from France and like
the late 50s or something so everyone
speaks French here and I can only
understand some very basic French and
speak a couple of French words so it's
not very helpful
well sure that's what I did say I'm just
saying hello everyone they are pretty
friendly
we're trying to find a store we devise
snacks and food and maybe lunch and Sun
cream because although the Sun isn't
blazing today and it's kind of hazy I
feel like we're definitely in Bern the
African Sun is very harsh
guys check this out this is an open
sewer just on the side of the road and
it absolutely reads
we think we found a supermarket there
they keep all this stuff outside the top
instead of a warehouse they've got all
this all their drink stock down here
Christmas tree
if you feel Christmas Andy we've got
heavy bags of water so we're gonna get a
taxi back to those help if we can
remember the name of it
I actually did accidentally just paid
the cab driver ten times the amount of
space t I didn't realize I hate him to
quit even though the cab ride was
supposed to be 20 we're trying to order
our lunch in French fresh fish for your
there and they know there's a whole nice
big fish right hopefully
it's probably pretty fresh yeah we're a
little bit concerned because this hotel
has multiple armed guards and our hotel
has no gods
so either they've just been trying to be
super safe here or we're not as safe as
we could be but apparently there hasn't
been war civil war in this country for
like five years so so there's it's
pretty safe right now
and these looking for somewhere fun to
come later like a bar or club or
something so we just poking her head in
here it's like a little beach club they
play music we're checking out
back at our hotel and guys something
crazy just happened I didn't get it on
camera but basically as I was walking on
the beach just then and I was filming us
walking into that kind of bar area where
the music's playing a guy came up to me
and started pointing at my camera so
I've been vlogging often this camera
with this massive lens which I was
warned don't walk around with things
that like a kind of showing off value
which this clearly is so he was kind of
like pointing at it and yelling at me in
French and I was kind of just like
politely stepping away and just saying
no no no started walking and then he
started blocking me from walking like
being aggressive and I was like crap
like we're only kind of a fight but it
walked back to the hotel but if a few
guys stopped confronting me and I don't
know what he's trying to do I don't know
where they was trying to rob me or just
kind of just getting aggressive then
another god guy came over and I was just
started walking a bit faster and I was
just like that's just like I do not want
this to escalate and I wasn't scared but
I was just aware that I just felt like I
wasn't safe and I I know is aware that
this could turn nasty so luckily I
managed to kind of walk out there
another guy came over like pulled the
guy away but it's taught me maybe I
shouldn't be taking this out the whole
time especially in scenarios like that
maybe I should take this little the
little vlogging camera out I think
that's what I might do me and Andy going
for a little walk
explore the area yeah let's taste some
protection
apparently if I told you at night yeah
do that guys yeah you can have that back
it's amazing
Dara let's collect colonial building
thanks crazy guys look how tiny this kid
is
so just just vegetables because come on
a small fish for some reason and it's
persuaded me to jump in the car of the
lady who owns this restaurant she's
gonna take us to a pie all right that's
nice
where are we and they no idea but it
says karaoke we communicate in Korea no
I'm not I don't like karaoke we are no
miles we are miles from our hotel oh boy
I don't know I have no idea where we are
okay that was surely if we didn't even
get in because I'm wearing flip-flops
and no no flip-flops allowed it's not
even know trainers it's no flip no
flip-flops have to wear shoes should
have come out my boots I need to
remember that for next time
did it go this list go Adair was this
it's a nightclub
semion and II found the bar to sit at
we've just been chillin F like an hour
chatting to some local guys and we're
just having a discussion on our way home
is what needs to happen in a poor
community for people to find their way
out of that light and how do you empower
somebody is it like access to
information is it like mindsets that
needs to change it's a difficult one I
think some of it is it takes a long time
for people to believe that the thing to
believe they're capable of working their
way out of a situation they're in I just
think and then sometimes you're just
born into an area or country that's just
privileged in that we have everything if
I think about England we have access to
free education and if you work hard and
you're clever about it you can pretty
much get into a you can kind of work
your way out of poverty
I wonder what's stopping people in
places like this so I'd love to know
your opinion but like I think a lot of
it is the past oppression and history as
a place and colonization and all of that
but it's difficult if you're not earning
good money and there's no opportunities
I guess and he does a lot of charity
work around the world in different areas
and works and different projects how do
you go into those areas and empower
people rather than them feel like you're
somebody that's there to answer you know
to be the answer to their problems and
you're like there as a savior because
that's not also not healthy because it's
not long-term it's not empowering people
or communities to to find their to be
their own saviors you know all the
refugees trying to get into England
there they've built their own shops
restaurants churches libraries schools
now people don't realize that but the
resources around them and II just
suggested that isn't about empowering
people tell me why and the highs are not
about empowering people suggest that
they haven't got a power in the first
place we're all equal we've all got
power we've all got creativity we've all
got all sorts of enterprise in us if
that's what we're talking about so
people everyone has got that already
empowering suggesters suggests or hate
that they haven't got the power in the
first place so what is it about it it's
not about empowering people
it's about getting alongside people and
help help them along side each other but
maybe it's helping them recognize how
are they helping your dreams you're
helping my dream you're helping favs
dreams and Josiah's dreams and
supporting each other so maybe it's
support often empowering but it's
support it must be support with the end
game of helping them recognize that they
already have the power where they're
living to make
in their own life yeah but it's like I
need people to recognize in me I've got
the power to make a change in my own
life yeah yeah
deep deep thoughts today guys please
look a crab just ran across the road
hello matey oh well I'm back in my room
doing some editing and it's being a
pretty cool day just seeing the local
area learning a little bit about this
particular part of the Ivory Coast over
the next week we're going to be
traveling all over the place so we'll
get to see a lot more I'm loving this
country this is it's cool here it's very
cool people I will catch you in the
morning
