hi my name's Ironman and I'm spider-man
we're from Walmart and you're watching
fun for Louie morning guys
I just landed in London I haven't been
here probably for like six weeks and
dave is finally able to come pick me up
so it's going to see if we can find him
there he is hey bro Thank You Jenny
bro so good yeah poor seats on the plane
what andy says well yeah four seats full
things in the bloomberg record this just
a little bit
arrived at this quaint little hub for
some lunch I've never been here before
but these boys suggested we pump this
could be anchor there are we Dave
Weasley yeah result tonight yeah we just
spotted a houseboat we're gonna go check
out this cool little chimney it's like a
little hobbits house or something oh
yeah I would live on a canal boy that is
so cool
but basically just set up their own
street and they can get post delivered
that's why things crazy it's like a
permanent address this this feels
Christmasy there being an Indian
Starscream
also found out some sets of 350 350 p.m.
in one hours time ridiculous lunchtime
chickpea and sweet corn burger yes
cheers let's choose me yes it's good see
man thanks
it's good see you guys I am back with a
family it's good to be back how you did
enough I'm good thanks yeah you feeling
Christmasy beginning to we've actually
got Christmas tree yeah November I know
it's crazy and we are heading up to see
Hillary and just have some food together
and enjoy a day with the family because
I don't get to spend a lot of time with
them so it is cold than it is rainy it's
exactly how I imagined the UK to be a
little yes
how you doing mom yeah good how's life
back in the UK right now yes yeah oh
yeah I haven't told you guys yet we are
going away on a big family Christmas
holiday I'm super excited we go to
Malaysia we're going to enjoy some
sunshine warm seat do you know this he's
gonna be like 30 degrees Celsius I'm
hoping we can get to do some scuba
diving but there'll be lots of cool
things to do in the island we're going
to ten days we're doing Christmas and
New Year's and Hillary and and Omar
coming and dart is coming and it's it's
gonna be good family time I'm glad we
have a lifetime
yeah we're booking flights tomorrow so
we just finalized all the details
tonight
it's cool to see projects like this
people volunteering their time to help
people that need things like simple
things like food we were just having a
conversation they drive up here about
when would be a good time to maybe go
into volunteer at the the Calais refugee
camp where a lot of people have found
themselves and are stranded and there's
thousands over there and yeah I'd love
to go and help a way I can do that that
actually helps so maybe over the next
month or so there's opportunities to do
that a few of my friends have got
involved with helping over there and I
think it would be a strong statement as
well especially as the news yesterday I
mean I don't want to start massive
debate about this for the news yesterday
with the UK deciding to bomb Syria I
don't know I personally don't think it's
a good decision but I said that's a very
big debate
but I think I'd love to do something
positive and help people that are
fleeing the war zone and and to do
something that encourages peace and
loving people from other places in the
world and not trying to protect your own
nice little kind of country or island I
think we need to see the world a lot
more as a place that we all belong and
that we we need to take opportunities to
care and love for those people and try
and understand situations rather than
jumping to to violence
we Hillary ordered our dishes like 30
seconds ago but these guys have already
got their food so I'm a little bit
jealous I'm getting like is this a bad
time
trickle abroad yeah I'm getting a
version of that with tofu ramen looks
amazing
check out that roller rink that's
awesome
you know what never mean to Riley wreck
ever
I just got a banana at this this place
does he's getting a hot chocolate oh
yeah
we're just down here under the here it's
nice and warm
understand these girls like
like a new Christmas vibes well that was
a brief family time but it was lovely
lovely sketches I think for me that's
what this time year is often about is
like just catching up with family having
having good time together guys remember
when I broke down down here I think my
battery is flat I had Jesse and Jeana in
the car yeah and then we and then
somebody got kindly we tweeted out and
somebody kindly came and gave us a job
start it was yeah I remember I just
suddenly came through
well it's been an awesome night my
family is so good
spend time with him when I'm back and
I'm never back for long I'm actually
heading off first thing in the morning
to the Ivory Coast in West Africa with
my friend Andy and I'll tell you all
about that tomorrow but I wanted to talk
to you guys about something quickly I
launched my live the adventure clothing
tonight you still be editing some of
these shots in the plane yesterday and
you saw the photo shoot and stuff so
here it is here's the clothing and you
can have a little search yourself see
there's anything you got it's like for
Christmas we've done like I was saying
all the tank tops and t-shirts and
sweaters and hoodies and there's also
some tote bags and the reaction so far
is pretty awesome I'm glad you guys love
it
there are some issues with the costs of
shipping to the UK we chose to get stuff
printed in America this time so the
shipping costs to UK are a little bit
higher than we hoped for but this is the
best I could do considering I want you
guys to be able to get stuff before
Christmas so we'll figure it out we're
looking at other options but for the
meantime this is the only way of doing
it and so bear with me it's great to be
able to get stuff back online again and
this is the start of some lots of
different things I'll be doing with live
the adventure so there's any suggestions
for products that you guys would love or
different things you guys would love and
let me know below but I am glad it's
gone down well and like I said get your
orders in because there's only a limited
amount would be able to ship out before
Christmas so I think this would make
pretty cool Christmas presents I'm going
to be sending some out to some of my
friends I like this one particularly its
design
all right I'm gonna get some sleep I've
got very early morning and I'm in a
happy mood I'm just I feel very
Christmassy you know like my parents
getting their Christmas tree up early
and like my dad was saying earlier this
is not usual usually it's like white in
the December before they get the
Christmas tree up so I'm glad about that
and yeah it's been it's been the perfect
day basically I will see you guys in the
morning for an epic epic adventure peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure
