hi I'm jasmine I'm a makeup artist from
these Midlands in England unj√∫ or watch
it good afternoon guys it's a beautiful
day in LA today we've wandered down to
Santa Monica beach and I've got
something very exciting to tell you
about basically I've been wanting to do
this all year I finally got round
through it just before Christmas perfect
timing
is and a lot of you have been asking
about this it's a range of clothing so
this is one of the tank tops and I'm
about to show you the other stuff this
is symbolic for peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure of the play right now
this is the next design that I've done
which is a bit of a classic
live the adventure and you like my new
little logo paper aeroplanes no I don't
think you attend today I mean you don't
they have me Lord Oh actually no it
won't it's tacky nice right right hold
it's totally rusted this is crazy
look how much and can you see that I can
see that lifting me and you see how much
it's moving yeah I need to get a few of
you guys in as well yeah this earth be
chat
you want to put your cell phonee okay
this is the third design it's the paper
airplane on its own and we do all these
unlike tank tops t-shirts and some
sweaters like this and and also
different colors because we only have
time to print on white and great with
the black print but where if you look at
the website on link you'll be able to
see all different colors that you can
order this is one of the other designs
guys it's a slightly different one with
the plainer topper on not in a sexy way
here's another design guys this is LT a
live the adventure it's funny that one
of the things I'm looking forward to in
releasing these clothes is that I'll
have some cool clothes to wear myself
like meaningful clothes the police just
told herself we're not allowed to take
vitalism there
and the lifeguard tower I've got a
sweatshirt as well I like this guy what
do you think of the fun I love this this
has been a long time in the making
missus this is like months of trying to
sexually like guys and get people to do
different designs rachel has been
helping me load through this guys if it
wasn't for eight to another this would
be happening right now so go into eat
your ends they thank you we've come back
to the apartment to get on so heading
off from a bit of a road trip where you
guys going
and they may be Colorado I may be
custard you know and my boy is yeah
around 7 p.m. tonight so we're parting
ways very soon before they left me and
Nick just wanted to let you guys know
what's going on the story because we
said we're gonna revolve you and then
the last couple of days we haven't
really mentioned anything just a warning
nick has lost his voice because he's
feeling a bit poorly aren't you Nick but
we just want to thank all you guys for
all the stuff that you wrote down in the
comments it's been really helpful and
insightful and I think we're going to be
making a lot of changes over the next
month and we'll definitely I think we're
gonna use videos so we can include some
of the video yeah about conversations so
we're gonna be skyping from I'm gonna be
and I don't know we're in a bit
Ivory Coast or
UK next heading up north in California
it's going to be good and we we're
excited that you guys are excited about
being part of this journey and seeing
how this unfolds in the truth of the
matter is we don't know where it's
heading and how it's going to unfold
like we this is literally happening as
we vlog it as I'm vlogging about it
we're trying to be as real when I turn I
make this a sales pitch yeah whatever we
want it to be a real shout out to all
the teenage boys on PTC all right I'll
see you in January yeah Cape Town that's
the plan we're gonna go visit in Cape
Town and still a oh we just thought of
one more thing we could update you guys
on what's the good news the story is
that we managed to close another round
of investment so that gives us we just
wanted to raise another performance with
the working capital which enables us to
just make enough or enough iterations to
get us to the next stage we'll update
you on that and what we plan to build
over the next four months to change
story so there you go before I head off
today I've got some shopping today and
also somebody very special is in town
Jeff Roe d'Oro 360 Jeff is on his way
back down from San Francisco he's been
up in Northern California and he's
swinging past any moment in his bus that
he brought with the money you guys
donated if you remember at VidCon this
year we did a little tour of his bus
that he's bought and he's gonna give me
a little bit of an update on what he's
been up to I think he's been renting his
bus out like as an EV cheap air B&B
was waiting I met Emily she's been in
Santa Monica at the six-month and she's
heading back to the UK when
Thursday so we've just been sitting
having a good old chat what's been
waiting it's been lovely to meet you bye
Jeff how are you doing how are you doing
my face oh wow
good for guys there's an ice rink look
at that nice ring Jeff can you give me a
little tour of the back and show me what
you've done since we lost saw you yeah
sure Louie yeah well I took all the
seats out and the last time going you
were in here there was a big sofa here
and then there was like some other
chairs and then there was a mattress
here yeah though I then removed that and
a friend helped me and he had the tools
power tools and he supplied the
materials and he and I worked on it and
we had to do it in a couple of days
because he's long so it's like serious
until tonight well and living in here I
had to build this amazing
everything outside on the ground and
cover it with a tarp yeah how many
guests to be hosted in the bus um I had
one guy from from Italy he was with me
23 days Wow from forget to place he said
in Italy but up in there but I belong
and was he paying any rent yeah yeah he
was Airbnb for Airbnb and then the other
20 days was a road trip with me so yeah
a separate deal okay guys this is one of
the the coolest Airbnb places I've seen
I would I would stay with Jack yeah next
time like up next time I come I like
toys baby any time you guys want a fun
way to travel around California Jeff is
your guy I'll link his Airbnb thing
below in all his details I think this
would be an amazing way to travel and I
think it's very resourceful still to use
this too
earn an income so Jeff can survive and
it's exciting there to see the journey
of being honest yeah yeah sure this is
awesome guys I just popped into a shop
to get some replacement shoes because
I've got holes in the bottom of my boots
now these are leather guys I know that
doesn't fit in with my ethical eating
because it's made from a cow but right
now I haven't gotten an alternative like
advice from trainers but I really need
some boots any durability I will do some
more research the next pair I get won't
be leather hopefully look into it if you
know any cool boot brands that aren't
leather let me know in the description
for now I'm gonna buy the user gave ya
it's all I can do I'm in a rush I need
to get to the airport not half an hour
that's a problem with my life it's it's
based often around convenience and so
I'm trying my best
then I just say goodbye to Jesse and
Gina grab my bags I'm heading off I just
wanted to say guys they are wonderful
people wonderful wonderful people
so guys when you get over black
it's like luxury uber they give you a
bottle of water when you get in and I'm
getting the same treatment from Jeff
who's just giving me a bottle of water
that's like come on a journey with them
so thank you Jeff thanks for the water
good right Jeff you're welcome man's
been there as we get cool all right good
good to see you buddy
yeah get see it now open the door there
thank you ready for the door yeah
I was so nice such a such a treat I
didn't know whether I was gonna get to
see Jeff and I knew he was in California
but wait to have a well today and kids
give me a lift
last-minute cinema here the last key on
the flight amazing news
the flight is empty which means I have
four seats
and once you sleep so whilst we're
flying I'm just editing some photos for
the live the adventure clothing so these
are going to go up in the website and
scroll through all so you can you guys
can have a little bit of a better look
at similar clothing so this is the piece
now enjoy life and live the adventure
symbols that are showing you earlier
they've got the classic t-shirt I've
been wearing got a few cool shots of
that me climbing up things close-ups the
paper aeroplane logo on tank tops and
t-shirts and some hoodie and sweaters
again these are the hand symbols and
then the just the LTA live the adventure
so it's a pretty good range and these
should be live by the time this vlog
goes up you about to see the website
yeah
well I'm happy we managed to get the
photoshoot done today guys it was very
last minute and picked up the clothing
late last night then we had to literally
try and take as many cool photos as
possible hopefully it worked out well
for the website I just want to thank you
guys for your patience with me managing
to do some more clothing a lot of you
have been asking me and meat arts and
online like when am I going to bring
stuff out again unfortunately with this
continue to find the nomads but I'm
excited about this new range be able to
do new stuff for you guys so please
check website out we've deliberately
done it and got it up for you before
Christmas we were only gonna be able to
get a limited amount of stuff sold and
to sent out before Christmas so I would
advise heading to the website right now
if you want something as a gift for you
or someone else and order ASAP we're
shipping worldwide and yeah I'm just I'm
excited to have pulled this together and
I just wanted to thank Rachel all the
hard work you put in Thank You Rachel
this couldn't have happened without you
and I'm excited for the live the
adventure brand and all the things we
can do so guys it also suggests items
and clothing things and other stuff
you'd love for me to work
think I'm cutting a mix sore throat yeah
all the things you'd like lovely to work
on for early next year in and the future
but yeah it's cool
I enjoy this and hopefully you do too I
will catch you in the morning as we
learned in Heathrow and enjoy a couple
of very chilly days in the UK peace out
Tory life
