I'm Caroline I'm tini
and we're currently in Nigeria at our
grandmother's 90th birthday party and
you're watching fun trendy we clown good
morning guys
it's our first n Jamaica and I'm very
excited today because the House of
Marley which is Bob Marley's family's
company has invited us on a tour we're
going to the Mali museum to learn about
Bob Marley and his family and history
and stuff
we're going to the one love cafe and
then we're going to go and see your load
of music stuff it's gonna be great
how you feeling this morning Maya you
excited for today
this is Anthony and joy and they're
going to be looking after us today
taking us around what's the first stop
what Mali museum we're here Kingston
Jamaica
Mike in the back yoke Museum on Natasha
and I'll be your guide the next water
shows fall still under the mango tree to
the left where you sit on our cake is
special item and the final folder to fix
the ones of these function to place your
in things another national state on this
is on April 22nd 1978 after both went
into self-imposed exile in London for 18
months and this is as a result of an
assassination attempt on Israel arose in
1976 later tour you later never get to
see where that happened
we've been asked not to film inside the
house it's like
rules no filming inside the Molly house
not even a farmer was allowed so you
know what Obama can not will respect
okay this is the only part of the house
I can film this is a recreation of a
record store Bob Marley had in
Trenchtown back in the day check this
out
yeah leaving the house how fun is this
sign guys check this out
careful of fooling mangos you guys know
this song don't worry about a thing he
wrote it while still in here this room
behind Moo's where there's an
assassination attempt on Bob Marley and
like his wife and I think it's manager
and stuff thankfully no one died but
sounds crazy gunmen came in around back
of the house and just opened fire it's
like bullet holes in the walls and stuff
is the one of the greatest master
Drummond precaution is so we just
watched a little movie about Bob
Marley's life this whole tour has been
kind of emotional I wasn't really
expecting much I mean I was expecting it
to be cool but I wasn't expecting to
feel feel emotional so if you ever come
to Jamaica you've got to come to Bob
Marley's house and have
he I think what strikes me the most is
something I want to look more into his
people that were like revolutionaries in
the world and it really hit me that he
was a revolutionary definitely a music
and the amount of war awards we were
shown inside the house like all the
different things he awarded him and also
his like passion to bring peace to the
world like he worked he tried to like
bring political parties together in
different places and celebrated like the
freedom of countries get finding
independence and stuff yeah all very
inspiring so this is Rohan Marley
he's one of Bob Marley's sons and I'm
gonna go an interview hopefully can I
ask you a couple of things sure yeah I
just wondered like learning a bit about
your father and like watching the
presentation what do you think the
biggest impact is left in your life of
thing given you know like given oneself
to others just not living our life just
based upon selfishness you know means
trying to do things that's going to
better not just your well-being but
others as well so that's it you know
being selfless
and the teacher is majestic
which which all is love you know because
it all comes down to love and just being
loving and know that we're all want
that's what you taught us so just write
the money for sex yeah one love less not
so this is Ricky we're just about to sit
down and have some lunch what's the most
inspiring thing that you found about the
Molly family working with them well it's
very easy just yesterday I was talking
to one of it started Stephanie Molly and
approached the the art they have four
people no I found a perfect love within
that family they're doing a lot for
people worldwide and they don't talk
about it why some people to just
identity and they have it all over the
media what Bob Marley and his family
when they do things they don't want to
hear about it they don't want to talk
about it at one point of Bob Marley
interview he said if I must live my life
for myself alone I don't want to live I
want to live my life for the people and
Bob Marley's any one of
interview again he said we don't have
any ambition what we have and what we
want to see in his every nation on the
face of the earth
must come together until their love on
the one foundation knowing that we are
are running black white no matter where
you from
just bill our love on the one foundation
and that's the perfect law we're now
heading off to tuff Gong studios which
is Bob Marley's music studios nearby
we're going to meet local artists so
we're going to go and check out this
local artist / mark and see around the
studio and then go for a little talk
these are some of the audio products I'm
gonna try some headphones - the little
portable speaker as well
oh yeah
I'd either stick a party here like that
you're so cute
so me and Roy I've just been given some
headphones rayo l√°ser cool yeah and
I've got this set and a couple little
inner ear headphones these it easier for
traveling to me often those sometimes
are difficult but when I'm like editing
on the plane and stuff these are my guys
Riya is jamming out you won't even hear
me right now I want to test out this
little guy as well good man
something I've loved today learning
about the Marley family is the heart
behind everything they do and the
different companies are involved with so
Antony's going to tell us tell us about
the house and Mollie like the ethics
behind there and the heart behind it
basically the house is Molly brand and
came to life by the one family wanted to
keep his work ethic his love of music
love of alive and they've been fed by a
sound and you know like house money
grandpa son it's very perfect
not material recycled material
and think about four pieces of love
let's get earth and that's what the
brand presents awesome
we'll see and then we're going to check
out this bad man speaker check this out
in Roy we're going to go on a little
road turn around Tomatoes the waiting to
take us with us the lemon juice on below
beyond state we represent a different
England I'm a giver I used to be that
nut job
one point is ELISA is enough
tell me when your albums coming out
November 20 yeah I'll miss Kyle that one
sucks some people can find out in iTunes
he might differently iTunes every time I
- and you know final will come out
nicely after if you guys like like this
music on link all this details below and
check out his music
it's sounding it was sounding amazing
this is basically the musical side of
Bob Marley's life museum is more like
his personal life come true yeah so
we're inside the recording studio now
this is awesome he's recorded in here
yes everybody but everybody sick anymore
everyone's recorded ahead buddy that's
Xiao ya mr. Chau all right yeah awesome
if you check it out on YouTube you know
a song named Jerusalem jet dances
humming oh yeah accessory of his albums
of my dog chow some of their chance Bob
Marley engineering yeah survival
confrontation and uprising used to work
with Chris Blackwell to Bob Marley built
the studio in the house and said I don't
know it by morning
yeah so he's the man tremor he's a
legend not going to let y'all yes
trust me you got Chawan camera Joe Wow
yo that dude don't do we don't talk to
reporters he never told hey he never did
in here he don't you guys is
regulatories yeah he rather talk to
regular tourists and talk to big bright
lights in camera you see him boom so
that was a very rare opportunity
apparently all right when you finish
your music from out of the studio to
transfer it over to this this is
actually the record final pebbles this
is what vinyl looks like the floor you
make it that is cool engineer would dump
the vinyl pebbles in here
process will start come through here to
a potty farm but you have to put a label
on while it's hot engineer would come
over there he would fly that everything
is up and running you have a Stamper in
there this is the music couple minutes
hydraulic flat and spread the material
it come out to this but it's unfinished
because it still have to trim and
punched and the way they do that is with
this machine over here so they would
actually put it on there
everything of handles and once they do
this that machine would drop on it and
everything would go their separate ways
this would go in there yes and this just
drop they clean everything up and then
you have your record ready for the road
just casually gonna sign the ball at Bob
Marley's final person factory
thankfully my name that's really well
with signing on places right I was here
alright it's time to leave that was such
an honor such an amazing opportunity to
tour the studios
mind blowing oh my gosh it's like the
highlight of the past few months for me
today I've been missing
well Roya has finished cooking any
delicious dinner
that's a Cheers
I've just had the most insane day how
incredible is that for our first day in
Jamaica I could not have wished for
anything more learning so much about Bob
Marley and his life and what an
inspiration he's been to millions of
people actually meeting one of his sons
like I just I can't comprehend like he
even retweeted one of my Mexico pictures
today and so yeah I'm just I'm chilling
I'm friends with one of Bob Marley's
sons and also I'd love to know from you
guys whether you think the House of
Marley the headphones and the speakers
and stuff is a good brand for me to be
working with and I'd love to include you
guys as much as possible and with what I
put in this channel and what who I'm
doing things with so comment below and I
will see you guys tomorrow for another
great day peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
you
