I'm here on the beautiful island of
Kauai part of the Hawaiian island right
behind me is the Napali coast and you're
watching fun for Louie boom whoa
good morning guys we've just left the
hotel I didn't end up getting a other
lead further surfing this morning but
we're gonna go meet within Nikki match
now I'm just going to swing by somewhere
get some lunch first
I got some lunch and a protein shake
which has been like a dream of mine
since I can remember I'm always going to
be like a badass surf for Jake I watched
all the like girls turns movies and
stuff but yeah I'm about to get my first
lesson and I'm probably gonna suck but
I'm really excited Papa Bear surf lesson
yeah so I'm just chilling here let my
lunch go down sunbathing and rides doing
pretty well with their surfing the tide
just came all the way up past my chair
though and soaks my shoes I had to
quickly grab my bag on the sand I'm
basically sunbathing in the tide of the
sea
cool me too I'm like I need to go do
that like properly I'm too weak for the
instructor to get it down that was
amazing
did you guys enjoy the surfing beginners
did he manage to stand up and
I'm gonna go for a little swim
Oh myself
we've had a lovely afternoon on the
beach we're now heading to release baby
turtles nearby riot did this last time
you do this last time did it
have you ever done it oh the other yeah
I've done it the other side of Mexico I
haven't yeah it's a little small
Hey
mm you want to be set free
these people
we're just watching a little film about
the turtles and I found this guy as well
all right look at this
what's he found Raya I love that we came
here to see turtles and I got really
distracted by cats I've just been
playing with that cat for like the last
15 minutes so we learned some
interesting things about turtles one
they've been around for 240 million
years they live to an age of like a
hundred and only one in a thousand baby
turtles actually make it to full
maturity because of all the risks and
things that can attack them and a lot of
a lot of it is like man destroying the
nest and poaching turtles so that's why
it's very important to release turtles
in a safe way so they survive
so crazy come on little guys we're gonna
get you into the sea safely you don't
need to worry about people squashing
stuff
it's so cute it's so cute there were a
little guy you'll be in the sea soon
okay you go little guy you go get go
goodbye
that's that way the see it's that way
hey this guy's taymir look at this guy
I'm Emily
I don't know where mine is
on the right
yeah run
Oh use wind roars wind
it's time to head back to the hotel that
was I was cool to be a part of that I
know I did this last year around this
time and the other side of Mexico and a
few of you a little bit concerned but
basically most the little baby tails are
being released later after kind of all
the people of God but the reason that
you want to get people involved and that
we can actually hold hold the Turtles
and we're not handling handling them for
too long just a couple of minutes the
reason they're encouraging that is just
to raise awareness and get more people
caring about turtles you know the more
little kids that can kind of release
Turtles when they grow up they're going
to want to protect them and look after
them so that's the that's the idea and I
I think it's cool it's cool to see kids
getting so excited to be a part of that
and educating them
well guys before I
and tonight's vlog I just wanted to talk
about a few things one of which is a few
of you have noted that I haven't
mentioned anything yet about the Paris
attacks the ISIS attacks in Paris I am a
few days ahead so of my vlog stop
editing a few days behind at the moment
but it did happen a couple of days ago I
was going to mention it yesterday but my
heart does go out to those that lost
their lives in Paris and also people
that are losing their lives every day
elsewhere in the world that we don't
hear about and I think the reason why
there's so much press about Paris is
just that it makes it feel a bit closer
to home and that this is reality and
it's not just another news story but the
this is a developed city it could have
been London it could have been an
American city it's yeah just hits a bit
harder doesn't it because it suddenly
makes you think oh wow this isn't this
isn't just another far-off place which
is suffering but those far-off places
that are suffering are equally important
to care about and those people need our
prayers as well and I think this whole
thing I've been thinking yesterday and
today is a bit about it it kind of puts
everything into perspective I think I
can get caught up with my own little
issues and I have problems or things I
think of problems or things I get
annoyed about and in reality they are
just ridiculous
they're ridiculous things to get annoyed
about so I think you're just in a good
way kind of pops that little bubble that
we're all in some
in our own lives and just think just
makes you think well like there's a lot
more going in in this on the on in this
world and this particular thing a lot of
us just don't know how to respond but I
would like to think of ways to respond
more to global things going on maybe not
just kind of war and conflict and
attacks about various things so before
the end of the year draws near and I
often have that kind of reflective
period and my my vlogs where I'm like
what I'm gonna do next year I've already
started thinking just in the coming
months and over the next year I would
really love to be exploring more of the
real issues in the world and and times
like this where I'm just you know
relaxing with friends and just getting a
bit of headspace it's a good time to
plan and think about those things so
just to let you know these those are
thoughts I'm having and I am wanting to
deepen the content that I'm making and
the the story that I'm showing you guys
of of the world and what's out there
it's not all activities and farm and
tourism but I'd love to do some more
kind of deep journalism in unusual
places and meeting people that are
really dealing with serious issues so if
there's things you can think of guys
that are serious issues and places that
you'd love to see me go to and explore
have adventures but also address real
issues and talk to people doing you know
working on the front line doing things
comment below let me know maybe this
certainly why should meet up with and
chat to and plan to to maybe travel with
but if there's anything like that you
can think of or anyone like that you
think of please comment below I'd love
to just start you know start the cogs
wearing with future plans anyway I'm
gonna stop
talking but I'll see you guys in the
morning for our last day in October
peace L enjoy life and live the
adventure
