hey I'm Isabelle and I am from New
Zealand and I am currently watching the
beautiful sunset behind me and you
watching from below yeah this good
morning guys
I just had an amazing sleep in the couch
is using hell did the couches to sleep
with some toys I'm trying to get my vlog
done this is not helpful it hits this
how you did this morning - yeah well
it's gonna be 37 minutes but we can
leave it we can leave it uploading let's
see how close and get to the Hollywood
sign with this zoom lens
yes Hollywood and this is in 4k and held
is this all you driving nowadays there
no his car come into this place for a
coffee and sir just pointed out they
have wine in cans and this can of wine
is $10 $10
good
which is
so I've left here and I'm heading down
to me Nick and ang in Santa Monica and
I'm in my Eva and admit it's going
Michael how you doing man
pretty good what's up guys and we're
just chatting about YouTube and he has
his own YouTube channel tell us about
your YouTube channel so the name of my
youtube channel go on there it's Mike
Mike and I'm a all one word I'll link it
below in the description and I do
interviews kids funny stuff prank videos
with UFC MMA fighters so check it out
yeah and Michael's invited means can't
hang out with him this week we might go
and see some MMA training was the thing
that was quite fun see lady right that's
cool
Michael's dropped me off in Santa Monica
learning to run into get some cheese but
I only have these shorts now I threw my
jeans out like this they were like
stretchy jeans but they'd lost all their
less elasticity elasticity
and I'm gonna go to Uniqlo to guess the
new ice
a tiny bit chilly when the wind picks up
when the moment oh that's where all the
guy
all right found two pairs of jeans I'm
gonna try on these are the first jeans
are trying skinny fit these two skinny
well these are the slim fit but I
realized I think I've gone down the
jeans size
so I'm trying on these city these a bit
better I think these are the ones what
do you think guys
I feel pretty comfy yes it turns out I'm
down to Jean sizes from a 34 waist of 32
waist which is not why I won
they're kind of stretches that hopefully
as I managed to bulk up and put them
away Don it will stretch out I was
looking for some shorts to replace those
Walmart shorts they're going mate
straight apparently it's winter so they
don't have shorts or tank tops which is
weird because it feels like through some
reason
but this is winter in LA this is what
winter in LA noise it is extremely windy
in LA today so that's my fluffy mic on
I'm wandering down to meet up with Jesse
and Jeana they're staying in LA at the
moment see this hotel back here this is
actually this hotel back here was
actually where I first met them their
main channel where I they made pretend
to out of chocolate and they we put it
in the pool and then I had to pretend to
pull it out of the pool and eat in front
of everyone or like lick it or something
so I think still a bit out it was like
pooping the pool price if you think
that's funny that's how I met Nick later
Nick my house la big it's being cold
yeah this morning it's like 16 degrees
about late but I think it's more the
wind chill yeah it's windy yeah oh right
yeah we've arrived
yo Justin yo what up what up and the
sun's directly in my face
what about today something very
dangerous this is drying might happen
I've never driven it even I've never
flown it right now
Oh windy it is yeah is when there is
windy yeah
yeah hell it's worth it
well it's really
releasing the cat can't let them out
when the doors open cuz I'll just run
out we're going for a little walk to see
the sunset we're trying to find our way
down to the beach we go yeah look at
these guys swinging look at this guy
Justin Gino doing some of their classic
couples at pro yoga stuff and then
that's Instagram
we have come in from the cold
it's not that cold I mean it's not like
Indian cold it's not like really cold
but it's cold for LA who come in we're
gonna get some food together lots of
vegetables and this is how you choose
check this out
yeah guys look who is over yes over here
sis listen this time yeah hello you're
jumping them Happy Thanksgiving
yeah we're gonna hang out this week
you just pull some Wetzel's it's a
knockoff
I'm gonna try out
good copy brings us together doesn't it
coffee brings us together Nick does not
condone Starbucks okay I'm getting a
coconut that way
Jesse's just stolen these girls to take
over done yeah from that
why why fire this is this is all of the
mechanics in the Tesla's all there
that's the engine and then you've got
extra boot space in the front why is
this like nothing is that and then a
couple of electric motors in the back
that is crazy
and then that's we did two charges that
go in I love shopping Jesse cracks me up
so funny so naughty and who's like
walking out like covering her face
tonight we've decided to go to the
cinema so we've come down to Santa
Monica to Arclight we're gonna watch
what's the good Hunger Games Mockingjay
part 2 it's the plan it started one
minute ago just say we better have
tickets what do you think in the movie
City bruh give it two thumbs at its top
it was nothing like the first one
come on the first one which is it was
like a game show that was like why is it
a game show an award I couldn't figure
it out yeah it was it was it was all
right it was all right yeah we're gonna
be hanging out we're coming up with some
cool video ideas some adventures comment
below if you've got any cool ideas that
we can do in LA quirky things like
awesome things just last night I'm
saying quite the cows why we've had such
a fun evening with Jesse and Jeana I am
looking forward to hanging out of the
quite a bit this week especially
tomorrow Thanksgiving dinner
which I've now learned it's not lunch I
thought it's like Christmas lunch when
you could bird Turkey for Christmas
lunch but already not dinner and yeah
it's it's gonna be good it's so good to
see Damon as well I just haven't seen
him for so long
it's only been in LA that I want to
catch up with but don't get an
opportunity to eat
Sawyer's getting back on Friday I think
so yeah I'm gonna be making lots to talk
to people and hopefully exploring pasta
la and doing things I haven't done
before I feel like I've got my sense of
my kind of eagerness to explore back
because sometimes when I go to places
I've been to a lot I kind of lose
motivation to kind of discover new
places I'm like I've been here I want to
discover somewhere near you but big
cities well anywhere really there's
always things you can discover that you
haven't seen or experienced before so
there's a little bit of advice for some
of you that may be a stuck in one
location at the moment there's always
new things that see and try and do
experience so maybe go and find things
in your local area that you haven't done
before or haven't seen before
and let me know in the comments what
those things are it might be like the
town you've grown up in and you've never
thought to go and see certain areas of
it or other than don't explore basically
that's what I'm saying cool I'll see you
in the morning and for those of you in
the US
Happy Thanksgiving peace out enjoy life
live the adventure
