good morning guys it's almost 5:00 a.m.
and we are leaving Sri Lanka today we
are running a little bit late we need to
be in the air by 6:00 so we've just
caught our tuk tuks from the little
Ladra staying at quite a fun way to get
to the airport and yeah I need to hurry
in 45 minutes is usually what I take
just to walk around the airplane that's
what we have now hello very good thank
you in which cost us $400 to get a ride
from here and then back to here and then
back there again $400 right now great
bargain bargain
this is kind of crazy
we literally pods less than 100 meters
away
oh this MS approach
we've had to take on all the fuel we can
for this flight because it's a pretty
long one I think it's like I think it's
like over eight hours and could even be
longer if we have bad winds we've been
staying the last couple of days this
really reminds us of Africa like even
the sunrise feels very African I think
it's the kind of terrain and the smell
is just everything about it and a lot we
were staying up what are you doing bro
JC are you tied up November two American
folk lining up to 370 returned for a
departure proudly director Charlie
before departure approved director tell
Charlie's Arkansas all right let's roll
it's been alive
let's see some elephants are you
thinking we were in Africa yeah
definitely feels like it this is
November 2 1 0 echo uniform just calling
to test the line on my dad life on you
copy media
I read you 5 0 limit 3 GT is
considerably higher than it used to be
with them this number 3 e GT is
considerably higher than it used to be
beeps rising I'd have to toe back I
believe we have it else stuck valve of
the exhaust and in order to keep it
within range I need to cry richer than I
usually fly which is making us consume
product Alan a now for which is means
we're using up my reserve I was honestly
so close to throwing up what's up I was
so close to throwing up the side of
anxiety
busy throw from one of those way backs I
really don't have a choice I probably
just a with you Oh imagine if that
happened if you had to fly back yeah I
like to go all the way there with like
cavity puke look another six hours it's
just like and then like the tension
between us anyway there's nothing ship
there's a big ship oh yeah what down
there alright that's nice but makes me
POS alone yeah traffic on one to eight
decimal three November 2 1 0 in clear
the public request a relay thank you
November 2 1 0
echo uniform current position Papa Papa
alpha kilo expecting soon
there are uniform Lima echo November at
0 5 0 2 zoo we are maintaining 1 1000
circular pool you can definitely sleep
if you want to you don't need to worry
about staying away ok oh wait me up you
be good like food alone me do you know
where my um my neck concern is probably
at the back back probably I've seen it
at school it do you smell something
weird I'll just be need some spicy
peanut see that was there that might be
idea I wonder what a wildlife they have
here because this is a big first for
wrong wrong things with the racket thing
thanks for yes this is so different to
Dubai it's also the CFR the handi all
the world
I still want that to go into the movie
you licking your phone hi it's got
sticky fingerprints all over I don't
like I don't know how we're gonna clean
it
I can clean them that's new to freaking
Malaysia that's pretty cool
not a lot of people can play that
and 22 go venomous well inside later on
this is Hellenic for the my territory
remember to 1:08 clickety phone because
I got a coconut growling - wonderful -
hey kid my echo ground one to one nine
decimal nine
well that has been the longest flight
we've done yet we have arrived in Kuala
Lumpur Malaysia this is a special moment
this is cool what's your what's your
name all right we use the toilet how to
cheeky coffee and now we're just back
over the plane this is pretty cool
there's a proper pump this is the first
proper pump we've seen in a while it's
nice that they're not hand pumping isn't
it also he's like yeah we've got card
machine it's fine I like no cash needed
right we're just setting up a teamfight
off everyone what that was yeah if she
comes yeah maybe now we did everything I
take six hours I even got a public and
we got to use a toilet and that's and
the toilet in there is so posh it has a
couch in the toilet this is the FBI's
again yeah in back in America
we've just arrived pretty nice hotel I'm
looking forward to this I think when
we've had a very long day traveling you
need to be staying somewhere nice just
to recuperate okay I think it's
beneficial JP 172 this okay we're back
in our rooms we've just got a message
from JP saying I think tomorrow's flight
is on the word is looking good it's
another very early morning I think we're
gonna meet in the lobby at 4:45 ready to
take up at 6:00 and we'll be flying
directly to barley hopefully I've just
got my coffee I'm gonna do a bit more
work tonight and yeah hopefully get a
bit more restful middle last night it's
nice to be in a slightly more
comfortable hotel tonight it's kind of I
like mixing it up you know staying in
more rustic places some nights staying
with locals and then occasionally
indulging in a nicer place where we can
just really relax and recuperate and
yeah we're all really looking forward to
a bit of relaxation time in Bali I think
we're hoping to stay there like minimum
four days maybe even a week who knows
right I'll catch in the morning peace
out enjoy life live the adventure
