hi I'm Emily and I am currently in New
Fantasyland in Walt Disney World
there's the castle right behind me and
you are watching fun for Louie
good morning guys
I've just arrived to see grace she's
invited me to be on a podcast and also
film a video together for a channel
which sounds pretty crazy but we are a
little bit late so we bet headed stay
hard we've arrived
this is Grace's new office it's nice I
like it I like it and what we're doing
first we're gonna ask you very very
important questions yeah twitter has a
lot of really really important questions
the way I'm going back yeah it should be
really fun cool so we're sitting down
here's the team everyone and snacks
festive weird
oh I like it yes maybe we could eat one
of these what are we doing after the put
cuts we're stuffing food down each
other's pants
page and nine eleven months to know if
given the chance would you rather
explore space for the bottom of the
ocean yeah just make me hesitant because
gravity just makes me believe that they
could fall over at any moment yeah like
maybe that you thought because I kind of
remember things I'm like do you like
yesterday people often like where were
you last week I'm like I don't know and
I have to look away I hadn't go in New
York ran up to me and he was he's like a
Middle Eastern guy and he was on holiday
and he said oh I've been following your
travel boy
he's only other what's your travel with
like videos and I'd be doing everything
I never thought my video channel like I
guess yeah absolutely
when you just see someone do something
firsthand indirectly teaching me how to
travel thank you so much for being here
we are going to now do a
the podcast is finished we're now doing
this video that's change into these
clothes because it's gonna get really
messy check this out this is apparently
what we're gonna be shoving down or
shorts or what are these court I've
never heard of these before these are
called Spanx do we have these in England
guys I'm not sure we've created a
challenge here called the Spanx giving
child look at it now thanks for
employees we can begin this Thanksgiving
hi feeling I am feeling soggy this is
the result of what just happened but you
love the way today okay see see this you
see why this happens I'm waiting for you
to turn around
how's it going in there Louie how you
getting on in there grace if kinda
traumatising pulling down like the Spanx
and then everything's just falling out
megan has arrived she's gonna do the
next challenge and broadcast
how you doing again yeah because we've
gone for a little stroll with Chester yo
man you make it a story is making this
vest or e we just stumbled across
because of this bridge and they's okay
they just stopped but there is a band
recording a video or something it they
sound crazy
that's so random
we head home we've stopped off at Whole
Foods and a kiss
stuff for dinner toy and so I have any
monster day
yes let's go let's go and explore the
magical now we got all the things we got
all the things no please snuggle buddy
how's everyone doing
I am stuffed like we are having a good
idea this is hilarious hello sir what's
your name and what is it that you like
about la mr. Chairman I I adore the
sunshine you do sir lovely I love your
turban this is a vegan cigarette guys
you should tweet us chin man videos
please tweet us gin man video its chin
man ashtag on this story you should man
hashtag on story make them we will watch
some I promise you and the best one will
get featured on here yeah okay so mr.
chin man what are you doing tomorrow
well we're gonna play some football
it's Araya thank you for supplying the
the magic ingredients mr. chin man are
you ready for your YouTube makeover I'm
so ready
boyfriend does too man wake up come on
get up me give me a good la power we
gave them around the style go you got
quite a beard here you kidding me oh my
eye
do you like a head massage mr. man
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure I hope you guys liked meeting
mr. chin man we have now two other chin
people just getting ready
the chin people mrs. thank you for
coming today I'm Mokena can you please
tell me what your biggest concern is
with mr. over there my biggest concern
look there's nothing big about this
situation
boy I'm finding my tongue which we can
see and if you just keep to the bottom
of town
again I wouldn't have to visit the
hospital mister I'll give you a chance
to speak now what is is there anything
on your mind this that's weighing you
down about your marriage I don't even
know it making you are weighing you down
if he could just get back to the gym I'd
be pleased it would be so fantastic if I
could just have one minutes of feet
misses you will have your chance but
this is mr. Stein all the way there the
child give I think the most frustrating
thing is you know I'm sayin she's a gold
digger but I mean I can't say there is
the songs writers but you not had in and
I think I think that's where we've had
real difficulty in our marriage because
she continuously bought all the top gear
team you asleep continuously and another
thing when Karina and I all guys that's
gonna do it like it's like I'm will
Derbyshire she'd think Miller literally
that irritating that's all time
correctly Mike Graham out on Twitter on
everywhere right publicly she shames me
embarrassed with me talks about you
shame and embarrass yourself where are
real let's be real
well I don't know what fighter there's
no points about you rolling the wrong
morally Nick Miller character it's just
like this the one man on the other like
as many men's that men that they are
drinks in your life situation is
hilarious but in G know what in the
middle of the night she comes home drunk
in the bed any bands
crying guys I am crying that was so it
has been a hilarious evening tonight it
was hilarious day it was great filming
with grace if you haven't already you
need to go over and subscribe to Grace's
Channel I'll link that below install for
our collab video that she's uploading
pretty soon yes it's you you had a
taster of what was happening but you've
got to see the whole thing it was just
ridiculous and also the podcast that's
coming out I will link to her various
social links so you can get ready for
that as well
it was great and one other thing I
wanted to tell you guys about tonight a
lot of you know I have a passion for
jazz music I went the other day I
actually got that love of jazz from my
mom who some of you that know my family
and watch my vlogs regularly will know
that she is a jazz singer she has a jazz
like music channel on YouTube that she
occasionally uploads to last year when I
hit a million subscribers I when I
celebrated I was actually a night and I
was helping film her performing some
jazz she's uploaded one of those videos
and to a towards a competition that jazz
singing competition where the first
prize she'll get to perform at a Jazz
Festival in New York so I would love for
you guys to go and vote for her and help
her pursue this passion she has so I'll
link that below this is a little snippet
of the video she's uploaded that I
filmed
so this video is embedded on a site I
will link it but she's basically at the
moment she's number nine I think under
solo vocal on this made in New York I
will link this below if you could go
through and find her video and vote for
her you might need to like enter your
email or something cool well I will see
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
