hi guys my name is Britt I'm from
Germany but currently traveling in Japan
right behind music maldium on Fuji and
you are watching fun following and joy
boom
good morning guys we are on a mission
today to find a volleyball because their
summer beach volleyball nets right by
where we're staying
I went all-in definitely not gonna
finish this but this is why I got the
other day stay Tambo and this is a
burger okay we have found a shop that
sells volleyballs we've been looking for
a while
all right you need rides testing them
out she she has some experience in body
book just a little bit a little bit
experience no no David also is good at
volley but these guys are gonna these
guys are going to show us up which am
what do you look for in a volleyball no
you pick okay this one he spit on your
finger
they're a bit like a nice it is to like
Yeah right to light otherwise we do
guys even though I'm pretty tall I am
terrible at basketball when everyone was
playing at school I hadn't had my going
spell yet so it wasn't I was like smoke
I was short when I was like 15 and I had
a massive great spy crew I grew like
that but in a year when I was like 15 16
by that time I hadn't really got into
sports or anything so yeah not good at
law school so we found a free volleyball
net but before we play I need to talk to
you guys about sunglasses this year I've
been an ambassador for Carrera and you
may have noticed some Instagram posts
I've done and stuff and they have sent
us some glasses with interchangeable
frames and we're going to do a little
photo shoot today so we're gonna try
these anyone remember timmy mallett old
school if you're older you might
remember Tom Allen man mallet back
let's try and some reason I like I like
the ones with a with a with the like
oily kind of like oh do you know I like
about these they make everything yellow
so it makes everything feel even more
summery I just switched them but yeah
you just pop them out yeah
so what do you think red or white I
don't know why I still got my shoes
though I'm sorry
so guys as a part of being an ambassador
for Carrera I asked if I could do a
giveaway so you guys have a chance to
win some of these interchangeable train
glasses there's this style and there's a
couple of other styles if you like them
you can enter composition below I've
left a link in the description we're
going to play some volleyball now
getting the purpose and
I got relegated out of the main shot and
now I can't even hold the net
la has consistently amazing sunsets
every single night we're gonna go in
paddle in the sea
it is naturally as cold as it looks
you realize to me
we've decided to have a chilled evening
in tonight and we've invited some guests
over willing Arden and we got takeout we
got Thai food wow that's go then we got
all the Thai food cuz I have all the
things and now gone home and I don't
think great was back yet some of you may
have been wondering why she wasn't with
us today she was actually in Disneyland
at Disneyland with her friend we can ask
her all about it tomorrow
I think she was snapchatting and stuff
she wanted to make a story actually I
think she made a story of a little trip
so I'm sure she had a lot of fun she was
excited tomorrow is a very exciting day
guys Grace has invited me to go and film
a video with and also be on her podcast
so I have to get up in the morning and
head over there it's like an hour's
drive away but it's gonna be pretty fun
I haven't filmed a video of great ages I
think like probably a year and a half
maybe in two years
remember but I'm looking forwards
catching up with her and yeah it's been
it's been a good day today it's been
it's been another chill one but I will
catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life the adventure
