hi I'm Millie I'm from South Australia
but I'm currently in the pool
volunteering at Rainbow Children's Home
and you're watching fun falou you enjoy
morning guys
it is 5:00 a.m. we are heading to the
airport and we've got along they're
flying we're saying goodbye to Nick and
Ange today they're heading to LA it will
I'll see you guys next year
Oh stay this ready yeah great as you can
be a part of it yeah this is a small
plane how am I gonna get my luggage in
three
okay you just get my backup plate
because you didn't fit trying to like
take bits off in it looks like we left
without go minibus go to our gate
picking out just gates down there so say
goodbye now
we are going to Miami first I see any
way to get to Jamaica
we go into Miami Playhouse
what am I so happy it's like an emperor
fine so here's my thought were already
asleep
I'm just gonna make a little bit there
Miami did you see the whole time
meet city that's so good especially like
everyone is in business for us
very much like that
I
stephannie thing
basically Miami Airport today is kind of
on lockdown they've got some people in
like higher up that kind of watching
them they have to do everything by the
book so they're like you know bring on
to item carry-on items and I had like an
extra I am and then we bumped into this
guy called Diego who works here and
watching my videos he was super awesome
and he helped us out and he helped us
get through so if you're watching Diego
thanks man I think the whole world needs
a little bit more this
which resets the floor
I feel great
we've landed in Jamaica another country
thank you this is another country ticked
at my list
I've won it comes to making for so long
this is the one country that you've been
to that hammer yeah
this might be the one and when she does
come back the first time I ever went
travelling without my family yeah
hopefully it's as good as y'all yeah
this is gonna be a good week guys
we're gonna have we're gonna find some
real adventures there bro
we're going to try and rent a car and go
for a little road trip and find some
find the best parts of the island leave
a comment you know where we should go
just making the route now stuff you know
some places in Jamaica so we've rented a
car to get us around this week and we
now need to find a SIM card but I don't
think we're going to be able to find
that tonight and we need to find an ATM
to pull some cash out and then we're
heading to the place that we've booked
it's like a bit just like a B&B place
nearby and then to get food as well but
I am I'm happy to be in Jamaica
I just ticked off on my list this is
number 64 country number 64
this is our baby so this is hilarious
guys just as we're trying to find the
car into place we stopped off at an ATM
and I don't know what you're making
currency is and I don't know the
exchange rate so it just asked me how
many dollars I wanted to take out I was
like the Jamaican people use US dollars
like I know some other countries
occasionally use you or maybe it was
asking me us fellows I was like but if I
go for 200 we're going to be safe came
out as 200 American dollars I was like
what this is right look tough online
it's one pound I just took out one pound
from an ATM so I ended up taking the
maximum amount I could which is 15,000
Jamaican dollars which is probably only
still like 50 quid or something right
it's gonna find food oh I don't know
when I last ride probably the Wonder
wagon
well guys we're here we're into makeup
just made myself a pot of coffee and
because basically we've just been flying
all day I thought it'd be a great idea
to do a Q&A so earlier I did a snapchat
and I asked you guys to send me in
little video clips to story so basically
on the story out there's a way you can
send video messages so I collected a
whole bunch of those so many eyes only
literally answer like 10 in this Q&A but
I'll be replying back on on story and up
already some story Q&A soon and before I
show you some of your video clips and my
answers I have been noticing on some of
my recent blogs some pretty negative
stuff and I just wanted to address a few
things your videos have become
impersonal and repetitive it doesn't
seem like you're living the adventure
anymore to be honest with you you're
right I don't always live the adventure
I don't prioritize often the things that
I really want to be doing all the things
that I know that when I'm doing them
I'll be thriving and most alive the last
couple of months I've been living quite
repetitively I've been staying in cities
and my focus hasn't been always on
capturing adventures and exploring new
places I've been working on projects and
I haven't told you guys about so you're
in the dark you don't know what's going
on I'm just you know doing the same
thing every day I get it it's boring for
you guys and I will try my best to
include you in everything I'm doing in
the most exciting way I appreciate you
guys sticking with
this channel even when some of you feel
the vlogs have become mundane and
repetitive that is one of the things
that is hard to do when you're uploading
every single day but I am working on it
and thank you for sticking with it and I
appreciate you guys Louis should not try
make the impression that he's doing
world-changing things when I talk about
wanting to do world-changing things I
realize I'm not necessarily doing those
things right now but I do know that that
is what I'm really passionate about this
is as much of a journey for me as it is
for you guys
figuring out life so bear with me and
really when I talk about changing worlds
it is including you guys I think we can
change the world in some way and that's
what I want and that's what I'm trying
to figure out to pull myself some some
more coffee
oh no I have just spilt this every way
so it's time to apply to some of your
video messages now how do you like fight
like being burnt out and not wanting to
create stuff and how you get through
that I find when I travel in ways that I
really enjoy that gives me life for
instance before I took the Wonder wagon
on the road trip I was feeling really
burnt out and just hitting the road and
being in that van gave me so much life
and so much energy and I think over the
last month I've been feeling really
burned out as well and I managed to are
starting to feel myself a bit when I was
in Mexico and I'm just so excited to be
here and I'm really looking forward to
this week so my advice would be if
you're feeling burnt out just do the
things that give you energy and give you
life Louie it's Bernie from Sydney so my
question is are more to do with
sponsorship and obviously you get lots
and lots of companies coming to you
asking you to promote their products or
visit their cities etc so when do you
turn around and say no because it's
overtaking the the blog or people are
reacting negative
to the sponsorship I'll be interested in
your opinion to it this is quite a
sensitive subject I think a lot of
viewers have issues with the way that
YouTube is working with brands the thing
that I look for and I'm looking for is
brands that get behind me what I'm about
and what I want to be putting on the
channel I haven't always got that right
this is a journey for me as well for me
I see the positive is that I can fund
amazing much bigger things much bigger
projects and I currently can make a
bigger impact for instance
the flight around the world it will be
an adventure I'll be sharing great
things but I'll also be connecting
people I'll be sharing amazing stories
and this particular project is I'm going
to be honest with you is going to cost
hundreds of thousands of dollars and
that is more than I've ever earned on
YouTube
I will never be able to fund that myself
so it makes sense to get Brandon boards
that can get behind my vision of my
dream I would love to know below please
a comment below which brands that I've
worked with and which projects have done
that you think of works really well and
the best way that I can communicate when
I work with brands and I will do my best
I think I think I'm getting better but
let me know hey Lily what's up okay how
do you feel well Adrian Bliss's videos I
love them guys if you haven't seen
Adrienne Bliss's parody blogs you've got
to go and check them out a link on top
line in the description he basically
mocks every day.you vlogger it's it's
just genius hi Louis man tobago and we
wanted to know how does traveling the
world so much change your perspective on
life travelling the world really opens
up your mind meeting people from all
different cultures all different walks
of life with completely different
opinions and things just helps you
accept that your way of thinking and
upbringing isn't necessarily
the one way of doing things and it just
for me it's just broaden my whole way of
looking at the world would you see
yourself in the position that you are in
now traveling the world 10 years ago
never mind that was not it for me okay
so I'm so jealous of your you're
literally living my dream I wish I could
travel the world like you I had no idea
when I was most of your guys ages um
leaving school some of you live in
university or wherever you are and I
have no idea that I'd be doing this now
and I feel like that is often the case
you don't you can't predict your future
you can see the things you're passionate
about mainly potential routes you can go
but you just often have no idea
opportunities come out of nowhere don't
panic if you don't have your life
planned out I didn't know what I'd be
doing and I still feel like that and
sometimes I don't know what I'm gonna be
doing next year and then that moves on
to you wishing you had my life if you're
wishing for something and it doesn't
need to be travel it could be anything
that you really want in your life make
it a priority set goals and don't make
excuses for it not to happen it might
not happen overnight it might not be
easy but if you really want something
honestly that's a very powerful thing if
you really want it you can make pretty
much anything happen in your life so
don't forget that
and on that note I am gonna get into
sleep now I cannot wait to explore
Jamaica with you guys and have some
adventures I've got a really exciting
day in store for you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna go to Bob Marley's house I'm
potentially gonna meet his son and just
learn about his life and the amazing
things he's done I cannot wait peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure hey
