hi my name is Sarah I'm from
Williamsburg Virginia and I'm currently
in Isla Mirada in the Florida Keys and
you're watching fun for Louie boom good
morning guys it's another beautiful day
in Acapulco and we've come down to watch
some high divers off these cliffs here
there's some kids that do these
ridiculous dives they're like that's
like a 35 meter like cliff face and the
kids have I guess been training since
they were really young it's like a
tradition here and I think we're in for
a bit of a show
in the same I just would never do that
there's nothing that could get me to do
you landed that wrong noob in serious
trouble they are the champions this is
one of the guys that was diving what's
your name
welcome my name is Viktor walk Lezama
and I have some questions are you scared
every time all the time we have is scary
because we never know we have our son
accident yeah doing during the shower
doing jumping so every jump is scary yes
of course all we have to be very require
very relaxed we have to relax before
like meditate do you like meditating we
have to meditate we pray and we relax
and we were up also have you ever ended
yourself landing badly
yes or Miami bad my neck
we shoulder with impact to the waters do
so hard so we have to be very astray and
very strong during their during -
brother the sea the water so we have
like this will choose take me to see
the top of the clip the guys right
that's what I just was
it is a carver the height far from 35
meters here and the second level is
observed from 25 meters weight data King
a great team we jump in front up from
here we send it up here
and we we push out you see the the rock
is not strange
so we have to push very far away to done
the work with the rock year through the
rock the push is like 5 meters 5 to 6
meters out to put in close to the rock
slide 1 meters a half to 2 meters loss
to the rock how did you say that is 4
meters and half deep wow that's not day
no no deep you ever touch the bottom we
went into the water with with with a
change in the chest to do this a summer
fun in the bottom that is scary standing
at the top I think the highest I've ever
done maybe 15 probably 12 and that was
terrifying took me like half an hour to
build up the courage so
I have a lot of respect for these guys
what did you think of the diving oh yeah
oh that was amazing I can't even imagine
that the dive we did in Jackson was what
like a third of that not even like a
fourth of that insane and I was
terrified during that so that would be
so scary we've just put back to the
hotel speak up Nick and Ange we're now
heading to lunch oh good one very nice
yeah so nice and lovely yeah and I think
that's so nice and lovely
Thanks firstly it is nicely nicely
nothing it is nicely lovely
guys have you ever heard this before
this is the jicama this is this missing
hair that I'm eating with my fruit salad
and it's this crazy big Turner who is it
tastes like these are the word puzzle
it's like only the texture of a doorknob
sweet apple yeah it's like it's got a
kind of strange put planty taste strange
crunchy taste yeah strange pantyhose huh
no Jamie I've only proud of it Thanks
it wasn't
he just brought those out just to show
me because I didn't know what it was
Thanks that's a lovely lunch sir I say
lunch is actually it's like 5:00 p.m.
already late lunch we're now heading to
have a little boat ride on a lagoon
nearby check out this sick tap oh man
the VW camper that's been to word that
is awesome
we've arrived at this place where we're
getting a boat out to watch the sunset
on the lagoon we've been warned that
this is the time of the day where
there's lots of mosquitoes so we are
like lathering up in this case Bo and
she's told me a fascinating fact about
mosquitoes tell us the fascinating facts
to you
the only mosquitoes that bite are
pregnant females because normally
mosquitoes feed on fruit but when
they're pregnant they need more
nutrients so then they need to suck your
blood to get the certain minerals out of
your blood or their babies so stay tuned
for more episodes from captain biology
nice down there yeah I can low down
there yeah okay come a bit thick okay
yes by day
we make of getting a little bit more
adventurous with where we are on the
boat next nation you hanging up run I
decided to stand the answer good shout
for getting the best video clips and
photos but we were told this crocodiles
in this Lagoon so
overly widowed gay by crocodiles
this is my jam guys this is my jam
I wanna live in the jungle
yes sure thank you
how sick is that so mais not beautiful
to get into it I was giving you talk of
hunters front to myself and made me
really happy
were you singing the colors of the wind
yeah I was - we're gonna make it really
happiness yeah this really felt like I
felt like it was like the lake hugging
my feet like I'm serious like what I'm
saying I'll make fun of me with a rice
bucket
Roy's favorite restaurant I'm gonna just
get some drinks we are celebrating ryos
one-year anniversary on YouTube tonight
exactly a year ago today you uploaded
right how cool is that and also another
thing not as cool as that but I just got
verified on Instagram and we're
celebrating that as well yeah
so a meeting Manuel the drive that's
been driving us around this last few
days at 4:30 in the morning to go to the
airport I'm genuinely trying to decide
whether it's worth sleeping or not I
think it probably is just about well
today was my favorite day in Acapulco
that little boat trip we did was it was
just like I can't really describe it in
words but it was like it was
reconnecting with nature after a whole
month of lots of cities there it was
just so refreshing and I just felt like
maybe the time spent the longer time of
Spanish cities is but felt it's
suffocating for me and then just being
out on the boat cruising seeing wildlife
and just such an amazing sunset and I
was just like mm-hmm
yeah I belong here so that was reminded
me again the kind of traveling I want to
do and where I want to be so it was good
I've been up for a few hours finishing
my editing
and packing all my stuff because we are
leaving super early I'm probably I think
it again like an hour and half sleep
we're getting picked up like I said at
4:30 and we're heading to the airport
and I'm off to Jamaica
me and writer after to make up and I'll
tell you about it tomorrow
peace out enjoy life with the adventure
