my name is Natasha
Teresa were in double six beach Bali
Indonesia and you're watching fun for
Louie enjoy boys skating down meeting
the rest of the gang get a coffee and
I've stumbled across these canals again
how you doing today Nick yeah this
quitter
coins so good yeah it doesn't feel like
a morning anymore
no probably cause it I think the plan is
now plan is now Nick needs to you want
to find a lens another lens yeah the
camera shot we went to yesterday didn't
have the right lens Nick needed so we're
gonna head over to their other branch
which is in Hollywood
two things our lens yeah social security
number ah yeah that would be hundred
yeah Nick's got a work visa to be in the
state
all of the stories stuff that's going on
Nick's gonna be you'll be Basin out here
right maybe at least he's got the option
maybe guys it's Wednesday and it closed
it's closed rody Nick wasted journey
we've sat down for some lunch you've got
a veggie burger and fries negligent
whimpers and fish tacos
I'm loving these chains straight Motown
we're gonna head down there in a minute
and get some beautiful instagrams
nikka switched up his lens he's got a
zoom lens on I'm gonna try and get an
awesome shot around this corner I'll
just stand there a little time lapse
going on
we need to get Nick a penny board or a
longboard problem is traveling with it
you gonna bother getting one or not if
Nick ends up facing out here if Nick and
I end up facing out here that's good
yeah you have to learn to do the
halfpipe and about that scares me anyway
because Nick hasn't got a skateboard
we're gonna get it back because it's in
half an hour walk otherwise and the
girls this getting back from the shops
they got bunch of snacks hopefully hope
they got cashew nuts Automator student
by now right back our new air B&B this
is the one we moved into today this is
cool this is an apartment not like a
full house it's nice and warm is there
is there a hero yes
just go whiskey one it's the boys gay
nobody have this much whiskey
that's your edge oh yeah it's raising it
and yes there is I assume it very classy
TD we're leaving our Airbnb and when
you're heading to dinner
bhaiyya has been hanging out with her
friends karina today and they've invited
us to a really nice restaurant highly
recommended
just meeting them now I'm ready for food
starters have arrived this is my lentil
soup
these are cauliflower buffalo is very
spicy did you face one yet no because
she was like good right so she will die
actually I wanted to try it thank you so
much you got a little lettuce oh you
didn't tell me about that me and Nick
probably inside do a taste test on their
chocolate milkshake before we
okay
this is amazing guys this is all vegan
ice cream
thank God we're home out of all of these
I selected the super foods chocolate
which is all of these things acai
berries goji berries basically all of
that stuff and
also with that bananas and almond bar
that's my milkshake what that was
delicious
we are heading back to the Airbnb guys
this is the place check out serious
we're gonna come back here tomorrow it
was so good night it feels too early
it's like I go is 10:30 but still it's
been dark for so long bye do you guys
cozy back there
Maker's crashed how there is there is
rich and make of this snapchat rivalry
going on whether people snap chat each
other from the other side of the room
like zooming in say you should check
their snapchats out it's hilarious I am
now making some coffee
it's quite late but me and Riya have a
lot of editing to do so we're gonna pull
a late night laptop Club get some gloves
done you're releasing three videos this
week on it that is that is dedication
and they're different stars of videos
and stuff also I'm gonna watch homeland
with Rachel because there's a new home
Emily so I'm gonna do that first and
then and then already they're a bit yes
and we follow
but tomorrow we are meeting with Twitter
going into the Twitter offices which
should be cool they want to chat to me
about vine I think they're trying to get
vine bigger and more people on vine I
might upload some time lapses I'm fine
I I tried one the other day say I'm not
a comedian that's the problem I'm not
very funny so fine
I never thought what vine was really
selling a good date but apparently it's
not just comedy well I will see you guys
tomorrow and peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
