I'm Stan hand-shaker and we're on top of
Devil's Peak in Cape Town and you're
watching wonderful Louie boom good
morning guys
it is a glorious day in LA and I am
skating down to meet you Nick
he is intelligentsia the coffee shop we
always go to
apparently you woke up at 6:55 and can
go back to sleep check out these awesome
canals
I found some of the breakfast
there is working away
yo are you doing how long you been down
there two hours yeah I come in like six
five
oh I skate it down next up today
Sammy's cameras we're going to come in
here and check out some lens adapters I
want to play around the lens adapter
yeah also I just love walking around
camera shops it's so good maybe we'll
see guys I'm just trying out this
ultra-wide lens converter for my 28 mil
lens on my a 7r changes it from 28 to 22
yeah yeah cause you do okay this is the
28th mil and this is the 22 mil adapter
on it is it white a lot wider yeah maybe
I should load on this I was testing the
other day I was in vnh I was testing all
the different Sony lenses in which I'd a
16 mil bit like cousin a dope oh it
looks may have you to kill bit like a
visit is it that looks like an awesome
going forever is it can you still see
the like depth of field behind and
what's your water focus like as well I
see if your way down a bit heavy yeah
not as heavy as this lens but I look at
it but you gotta you gotta have the the
forms of justice the sky I like that
round because this only goes to 24
that's right cool
yeah that's it what do you guys think of
this lens I think it's pretty nice
today I'm going to be rocking this for a
little bit okay this lens is gonna be
pretty good for photos as well we're
gonna go into some sick Instagram
missions I'll be neck then it's an age
skating yes looks secondary board yeah
which in in rural where is your pretty
good boy I think I'm gonna be getting
lonely just riding this my own guys
we've just come outside
check out this storm rolling in this is
serious this is serious being make me to
try and get back to the air B&B before
the rain start it's so weird
it rarely rains in LA hoping is just
today and then and then we can have
sunshine the rest of the time guys just
on the set looks incredible we're
running down to Tri County before dips
below the horizon Oh
let's run away let's separate let's get
away from this room Esmond he said why
was better than what we got
we're getting sickest instagrams so the
shout out down here and then we're going
to be up here okay that's ready to grab
I'm going to sit a little timer so good
Instagram mission complete I think we're
going to try and calm down earlier
before the Sun sets the Sun setting
insanely early in LA right now toys p.m.
that's the time I don't like that but
you know it was very beautiful and
tomorrow we're gonna try and get some
shots and um at that end of the beach we
got some goodies we got some good
instagrams but the best part of other
was that our chat that we had here yeah
article yeah the best part of all of
this just spending time with friends not
the instagrams yeah guys we have come
over to our friends house this is Bruce
he's the guy behind the 360 camera I've
been using and when I say I'll come over
to his house this isn't his house this
is like he's only in LA for a little bit
with his family hey guys
and we've been chatting away like about
cameras and stuff we've got all our
cameras out look but check this out the
right this is this is a book they just
showed me and I'm in it I never knew
about this is that is anyone else seen
this anyway right there's like got all
these like facts about me
check this out they've put the thing
about like how I'm a hundred percent
nomad I'm a 15 percent a hottub fan this
is this is crazy this is so funny it's
like a vloggers like everything
in here is all about bloggers how do you
think I made my man Nicholas you sell it
you are selling secrets now it's been
fun no this is really cool like this hey
guys
and so we are having a girls night kind
of do you want to explain what's
happening boys gone out what fun Bren
barbecue we have and also now we
initiative log for cooking you you yep
so that's what we're doing now okay
let's go yeah so this is Rachel's recipe
whoa that's a little bitch we got all
the beans we do we're preparing for y2k
I'll are you kids watching this might
know what y2j was and and peppers you
know we're doing a Mexican soup thing
you put these in and you put taco
seasoning and that's the set of what I
know yeah super vegan we got this for us
but we won't eat that yeah you guys
welcome Elena's earlier like the dollop
on top yes vegan vegan big vegan oh you
know what else we got well it's been in
the freezer
haha wine meth operation not okay guys
this is a trick if your wine or beverage
that is non-alcoholic is um knock holes
if you rather paper towel around it and
wet the paper towel and I should be
filming my face now Louie will be cross
soda and put it in the freezer for like
15 minutes it makes the whole bottle
call cheers and Josh oh you got one job
this eyeliner on my hand
cheers Cheers Riya coconut water yeah
soup looks really easy and cheap and
good for it all of these students out
there we will keep you updated if it
actually tastes any but okay so here we
go step one open all the cans hold it
with your strength okay great it's up to
cut the things Oh about the string me
and you've got a second wait yes so we
put in all the onions and all the
peppers and we have to split up into two
pots because we have too much and then
what's the next part we just put it all
the beans all in there yeah also look at
home oh yeah we've got back the girls
are busy hard at work cooking dinner I'm
gonna try and help I'll help with moral
support
good job yeah stir that sweet corn stir
that guy
this is my favorite Beyonce to do you
every corn trim again no mmm go ahead
chickpeas yeah oh that wasn't me okay
I'm gonna leave with you I'm I'm just
spilling things Hey dinner is served
yes this is I can't eat this come on
yeah you can eat that
yeah cuacamole which is mine this yogurt
is made from vegan counseling
yeah yeah the cows are vegan Trey nice
family meal actually good but he's spicy
these boys know girls thanks for cooking
we finished dinner we put the fire on
and mahogany's crap come to visit and
Carlos and Zack and I just showing them
my 360 video and this is blowing my mind
and it's amazing I mean you've never
seen the physics you would've heard
about it I feel like I'm wicked like oh
look that's so good I'm good Morgan II
the Google cardboard is my Tracy to
agree
like who needs plane tickets like haha
do you know this would be scary like a
horrible we've been chatting all night
I've had a great evening
these guys are heading off now because
we're all kind of jet-lagged okay bye
booth quite a lovely evening it was so
nice it's so nice to have a place that
we can actually invite people over to I
think that's one of the things I miss
out on because I'm nomadic I don't have
a house when I do finally get some
property or build a tree house or
whatever this is what I'm looking
forward to doing just inviting people
over to hang it's been a brilliant first
day in LA and I'm looking forward to the
rest of the week we've got some cool
things planned tomorrow we're hoping to
visit this exhibition in an art gallery
called the rain room and from what I
understand it's raining inside and it's
like pressure sensor pads that stop it
raining where you're standing and I've
seen some pretty amazing photos so and
we can take some cool instagrams there
mahogany and her friends are going so
we're probably going to join them I'm
gonna stay up now for a few hours to get
all my edits done and then tomorrow
we're actually swapping to another air
B&B for some reason I don't really
understand why so we've got to move out
in the morning go to new air B&B and
then we have to wait before we can
actually like move in or something I
don't know it's gonna be a fun week like
the weather is looking glorious I'll see
in the morning peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
