hey guys it's Jackie rocks it and I'm in
the isle of man and you're watching from
for Louie boom good morning guys
it's bright and early and me and Dave
have come down to the School of
Cinematic Arts
now the University of Southern
California to meet with our friend Brian
and their PR team down there it's gonna
be quite an exciting morning you excited
though I'm very excited and I'm really
hoping we get to get in a fully
immersive VR experience life-changing
because you know I've been doing these
360 videos right that is just like the
beginning stages it's like the the early
taster of what we are is because it's
just a flat 360 video I'm excited to see
what a fully immersive thing is I don't
think I've ever done it I've done an
oculus but just the visual you need to
mess with all the senses what you can
hear what you can feel and then I you
know moving around as well haptic so
hopefully it'll be beautiful down here
awesome do you know as well I've never
been to an American University yeah
Louie what excites you about what this
field is just going and I think we're
all like coming into this with fresh
eyes seeing additives I think that in
this live in particular there's a
there's a historical view and there's a
long-term view of the future and I think
we're all super interested in what that
long-term view is particularly in going
into AR and then how it can better
investing and how it can better the
world to use this technology to make the
world so I'm Dave yeah Dave Erasmus I've
done 10 years of startups you know
online marketing and in the last five
years thinking about compassion and
empathy and trying to build a platform
that develops a habit of giving him
equals daily lives and then Louie and I
have been traveling for like you know
we've been buddies since we were about
17 traveled the world together really
and
in the last year we was spending a lot
more time together let him talk about
himself but then I've been here in
sample here but if mainly in San
Francisco for this year I really wanted
to get to the front edge of what's being
created in the world and try and think
about how to use that for good the last
like two to three months I've been
playing around this 360 it's just four
GoPros but this I've been documenting my
travels in 360 a lot of the content I'm
making I've won it submit make a
difference it's not just about me and
being oh look at what I'm doing it's
like can I use this platform to impact
people the video that was actually shown
up the zeitgeist was a trip I did to
Romania and it's a very poor gypsy
community and the the video was a tour
of the village they can look inside
these houses really like dilapidated
falling apart and there's a call to
action of like guys if you want to help
repair this house or will build new
houses my friends running a charity
project out there and there was like a
call to action to donate money and I
think being immersed in that and kind of
seeing it a lot of people said that made
a big difference to them that they could
actually kind of look down and those
kids like looking up the camera like you
know following us around the village and
it's kind of it's a lot more immersive
and that's just flat video so Brian
Johnson I am an entrepreneur and also
I'm a fund called the AUSA fund remember
in scientists working on quantum leap
discoveries yeah that would benefit had
the potential data for billions of
people for generations to come and so we
invest in things like synthetic biology
genomics and we're starting to look at
virtual reality and so being here is
helpful for us as we try to learn about
the industry and the applications that
we get
you know great great what is interesting
is that your brain kind of stops you of
rationalizing and saying oh that's fake
you know after a while you don't
challenge what's happening we've done a
project for Syria about Syria for the
World Economic Forum in Davos we went
there we saw the world leaders and all
that surprisingly impactful you know
we've done another one that was about
the beating of an immigrant to death by
US Patrol agents 2010 it's like people
cried this is a prototype based on the
Google cardboard that we did that has a
biometric data
it measures temperature use papers of
the body oxygenation pulse rate all
kinds of things skin conductivity we can
tell a lot of things about what you
actually kind of feel my um VR and that
has an impact in water who may die with
it so yeah there's a laser beam there
that's being scattered all around the
place and then we have a sense of spirit
that sends this absurd image that is
projected that you don't see
so that gets absolute position in space
because you're drawing and
yeah that's very interesting you see
this I just wrote so cool oh my life
this is crazy this is crazy
yeah yes yeah is that good that yes I
was getting into this
well he's no messing around is it okay
this is what Louie sing these are his
controls that he were you making me oh I
like the books I like the books yeah
victory oh wow that's actually looking
good bro Louie
especially with Christmas trees ruff I
was in space just now I'm location 11 I
came back here and yeah I'm chilling
with the best Christmas tree row first
time in space and dress bang you guys
have made it your work your careers to
do this stuff what is it that you hope
by the time you're done like what would
you do what would your dream be for this
technology like what kind of
you love to sing get great if you have a
vision or a dream for what you hope for
I'm gonna let bang else start I mean
I'll just say mine it's like me
personally I'm just enjoying the ride I
have no idea you know I'm like I'm I
come from a very I think both of a lot
of us are coming from a creative
background we just see open waters and
we just want to sail them it's just so
exciting it's like well I have no idea
what's across that Verizon but I've got
a I've got a means to go explore so I'm
just I'm just relishing being an
explorer and I think that's what a lot
of people are dubbing themselves as
they're really using that term explorer
to because you know we've we've mapped
the world you know where we still have
all the facilities yet to go out into
space this is like providing a new
avenue for exploration thank you so much
we have left the University and it was a
pretty mind-blowing experience pretty
close isn't it Dave
and yes in a word yes I I can't believe
we actually got to make stuff within the
virtual reality world I never done it
before yeah it was a big moment I was
imagining before we went in it was gonna
be more of a just an experience real
thing like I was just experiencing what
you know a world like you guys maybe
seen my 360 videos or you've seen other
VR content but to be able to walk around
and make things with your hands and be
an artist within it you know not just
explore but like you're saying create I
think that that is a far more exciting
prospect for the future for me I don't
know where this is going and it's
amazing to hear these guys say as well
they don't really even know what's going
to happen it's that exciting for them
and they're like leading the field so
crazy this is what we're doing guys
you're getting a massage
we've just finished on massage that was
very nice
before you send Dave is that a good time
to think yeah I find talking about a big
chat and your brains up then you just
like let it all chill with a massage
here and then get my phone up with a
copy yeah get back on it
yes tense yeah just boy ski guys check
out this awesome ferry bike that is
amazing
this painting by Miss painting guys
often my little worm creative kind of
breed evening as we did today light it's
maybe pink I don't have enough creative
out that's my life other than
videography and photos and stuff good
work
I used to do painting thanks
kindness is magic I love magic
where we had a day friends she said just
stop at the big big binoculars which we
couldn't see because they were far
bigger than we these are the biggest
binoculars on earth yeah I didn't know
you Google had an office in Santa Monica
we're going for a little tour is this
Stephanie
yeah she has unfortunate broken her foot
but she's still kindly hobbling around
and showing us the place what you said
about that chair bro you've been greedy
because this chairs
check out this awesome wallpaper they
have their Lobby entrance like just all
the different Google I go there party
you know it changes like every day they
have like the different we have melt
with a gang me Korean or and naked pop
down to get some food we're heading back
to the woman Rach and Dave have got a
head off to the airport very soon splash
their flights but we're gonna eat
together first one last little team meal
I have food the Last Supper with the
time great endeavor of
we are heading off to the airport as
well now actually we're going to a hotel
for a few hours versus our flight isn't
so much 6:00 a.m. we've checked into a
hotel we're actually gonna get an early
night because of flights at 6:00 which
means we need to leave here at like 3:30
in the morning so we're gonna try and
get as much sleep as possible before a
long day of traveling today has been
pretty awesome night I am excited to see
what happens with all the VR stuff we
were learning about and whether I can
get involved with the VR or more than
just 360 content but some interactive
stuff and I don't know endless endless
possibilities but it's exciting to be a
part of it and excited to see Brian
again I've linked some of his stuff that
he's doing actually in the description
so go and check out some of his projects
and what he's about
is a very interesting guy right asked in
the morning peace out
enjoy life in the adventure
