hey guys we're in Morocco and we're
going on a little camel ride this
morning the Sun has just risen and we
just camped the night out in the desert
and it was pretty wonderful his stars
were incredible
but yeah have a little look around
another 360 video check out my camel
down here I haven't named him yet
I was riding this camel last night his
name's Derek what do you think I should
name this one rise over there hey Rosie
the didn't he say all the camels are
guys okay Rosie's color maybe a guy's
name it makes the rules thank you
what's this camels name a hug thank you
don't bite me
come with a peg
what do you know
Monica Monica yeah naina
we've arrived in the Museum of Marrakesh
I'm gonna take a little stroll frame
it's not not in this museum but it's not
a lot of artifacts but the tiles and the
interior kind of layout of it is amazing
check out this giant chandelier
yeah everything is designed so
intricately look at the floor as well
it's must've taken years literally
lesser degrees
yeah it's something I find about
historical architecture is the detail
and like time that's been put into it
compared to like modern-day buildings
and stuff they're just like put up in a
couple of months but these literally
took probably decades to to complete or
just to tile the floor you know it's
impressive
we are walking through this six in
Marrakech which is the Arabic term for
an open-air marketplace and this is the
perfect place to do a 360 video because
there is it's like an oval over the
census so have a look around there's all
these little shops either side of the
street and these like these streets are
like tiny little alleyways that a lot
all intertwine and interweave and people
are like living in their own shops and
we were walking around here the other
night at like 1:00 in the morning and
there's still people like selling staff
working on in their workshops like
building things mending things it's a
fascinating place to explore everyone is
hustling hard here trying to sell you
stuff yeah buy all the things yeah that
is tricky it is tricky when you travel
so much to to buy anything and take it
with you
this is great look at some of these
shoes what do you call those Winkle
figures you know guys the lace could
Winkle figures whether the ends of the
toes like point upwards no I think that
I think that is real
yeah this whole trip we've been trying
to find awesome doorways to take photos
next day I would not trust myself
driving a moped around there
this guy here at night sells really good
fruit smoothies
it's kind of refreshing being somewhere
where they're still doing kind of like
micro business they've all got their
little business and their little house
and they and they stay there at night so
it's open really late and I haven't seen
a single supermarket what's been here so
it's cool being able to buy stuff from
people and no that's going directly to
them did you hit heads yes bro
so this is how a lot of people get
around yeah man it's awesome to see
Porsches being used as practical like
transport I imagine this is similar the
way people living then it was like
centuries ago
other than the motorbikes for like horse
and cart little market stools even the
buildings I doubt that change that much
and there and the dress and stuff it's
kind of like in some ways going back in
time
