what's the story my name is James and
this is Christine
and we're from Dublin Ireland and we're
currently in Ulster Park in Amsterdam
and you're watching film Foley we enjoy
good morning guys I've just arrived at
the screening we're doing I I could have
got here a bit earlier properly I think
I'm still inside everyone else it's
working this could be fun
excited people to see this montage video
people working on right what time is it
this house thing starts that look at
that perfect timing perfect timing look
at that hey I'm ready
I'll let you go in front of me okay
either way hello hello a lot of people
here as well you're organized it's a
pleasure to be here thanks for coming
along we're just going to start rolling
the videos and then we'll each have a
little chance to share and stuff and
then right at the end of the whole
morning we are going to do a little Q&A
so get your questions ready think of
some really cool ones okay so you roll
the video
as much as I enjoyed venturing in
spending time with friends are coming
adventures the thing for me done what
the basis is to encourage you guys to go
out there and maybe it's not traveling
the world in such an extravagant life
while you may be these adventures other
adventures you want to have made these
other passions you guys have but
hopefully in some way some of the stuff
I can see can can inspire a little bit
and that's my hope right I think we can
enroll into next week
oh you know I'm share with you my first
years on YouTube and basically what
happened after I decided to leave all
the institutions that everyone have of
me and just do what makes me happy so if
I want that thing it's for you it could
be traveling it could be YouTube could
be anything else but find something that
makes sleeping and eating to feel like a
waste of time you just want to be doing
it so much find something that makes
waking up every day feel like so
exciting and every day feel like an
adventure
so yeah I'm nothing for you and the half
the best year of your life
like I did
even if you wouldn't even hang out I'm
gonna be Thanks so the screening was a
success it's pretty awesome
you're now heading out to meet a bunch
of people I think they're waiting here
okay guys this is Sean so she's logging
as well
double vlogging she at the red carpet
event she posted a bit of paper she's
like many write live the adventure on
and I was like I was like Rachel's much
better right so like right - right much
better writing she's I know that's not
the point I was gonna get this tattooed
in your handwriting and I was like no
way I have terrible handwriting that's
such a bad idea and I kind of refused to
do it but she's made me like her the
pressure and she's come all the way here
this morning hey can I show it so like I
am NOT great at this I've written this
it's not terrible but it freaks me out
this is scary that she's going to get
this tattoo yes you really gonna take
okay well that's kind of cool but also
scary so these two girls are crazy I
can't believe that I like the message
I'm not so sure my ability to I mean
this is gonna be permanently on your
skin is that not scare you okay well
yeah live the adventure
that was an awesome meet up that's a lot
of fun we're now jumping in an uber and
we're gonna go and get some food
jp's come back down say hello yo and
this is my friend Gabby and pizza
we found somewhere Levent a long how you
feeling today JP being alright never
answer an interesting dynamic I guess
you missed the screening yeah it's a
shame I was really good they'll be
simple that we're gonna go back to
screening yourself the name that we some
other cool things there's like short
films stopping the checkout
you've seen my montage video any revenue
you see it would just be a couple of
months before
check the Akari roads the bunch of
vegetables tofu that is what I'm talking
about that is also
I've been up in my room got my edit done
I'm now heading out for some dinner we
will smoothly break out the big yeah
I've got a big camera all day I don't
know I'm ready for Susie Riya and
there's a bunch of other people that
already went because they were bored of
waiting for me because I was like render
my vlog I'm still rendering but I'm
gonna upload for my phone
I've got like a remote thing I can
control my computer
yeah I don't know where we good yeah
here we are got the whole crew yeah
what are you gonna name it Parma ham
pizza
parmigiano wow that looks like the
pizzas the side part of the main dish
that's the main dish whether that is min
smooth you just have a little game of
connect ball this has ever happened to
me no you've never had a tie yeah that's
good that's good all right let's tuck in
to this pasta
we write a lot of screenings about that
it's this short short film screening
they're just getting briefed breaking
the rules they you are right where we
are we sitting
despite the fact exit coming soon it
actually came out about a month ago so
you do not watch it I blink I've only
got about 30 seconds
yeah that was the trailer for a film
that I made and it's pretty good
you're late
small yeah the next thing that's up and
the last thing is a project that my
friend and my best friend soy Armand
about two years ago we shot over the
course of maybe two or three days and
then there was the editing process it
took forever so I hope you enjoy it
thank you for coming out and it's called
welcome to Tokyo
well the screening is over that was the
last screening of buffer festival and it
was pretty amazing I my mind's blown the
level of filmmaking was is awesome good
very talented friends I have yeah and
then they'll never be making films like
that but it does inspire me to make some
kind of creative content like something
slightly higher and and just like the
daily vlogs
guys those are starts out the party for
a moment I'm gonna be filming a video of
Seir we need to film the beginning of it
but we'll film that after I wait till
you won't ruin the whole thing but it's
gonna be hilarious we're gonna go down
and basically knock on Timothy
DeLaGhetto and squeezies door he's gonna
go in basically start a fight with him
kind of and I'm filming it for his
channel it's gonna be JP is heading off
I'll try to convince
j-beans come out to New York it's not
far to New York for the weekend they
speak and with industry hopefully with
the chilly little boys being so Nancy
there's been awesome an after five time
it's the art apart with web for food
Andrea what are you still doing up you
just go to bed everybody you Louie it's
you I came out here look at this sorry
you're so fluffy fluffy back in Sue's
room I'm just gonna film the first bit
of our video that we were doing look at
this this is like DIY studio lighting
yeah always unscrew the top yeah just
meant all the lamp we did maybe this one
we could do as well I can't wait to show
you that video I film us here it was
it's just like bullet it's good seer and
we're trying to organize at why where I
can go and spend some more time with him
and Sawyer and LA like old times
be good to know but yeah nice the end of
buffer I've really enjoyed this whole
weekend it was kind of as usual with all
of these YouTube conventions it's kind
of like over so quickly and it was great
to see everyone again and they're gonna
be like people are gonna be leaving
throughout the day tomorrow so I pretty
much say goodbye to everyone tonight Roy
is heading off first thing in the
morning and we're gonna catch back up
with her in New York Nick and Hannah are
gonna be flying in and we're spending
the week there leading up to streamcon
which is also gonna be amazing
yeah so I'm gonna get some sleep we're
not flying out for the evening so we can
just chill tomorrow I'm hopefully gonna
try and hang out with P furious P and
film a collab so hopefully that works in
the morning but I'll see you guys then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
