I'm ganic from Germany right now in
Switzerland and you are watching fun for
Louie enjoy good morning guys is a
beautiful day today
it's like 9:45 come down through this
coffee shop that Jae Hee has recommended
me and met and grabbed our coffees got a
coconut guitar day
oh sure we're now heading to the Ulrich
Casey he's gonna show us around his new
office
that's wait check it out
I did
well that was a very brief visit an
awesome CKC didn't spend much time
together but soon will will plan
something see I have now met up with
Laura
JP taking photos over there his friend
Eduardo and we are heading down to where
we go the World Trade Center by another
coffee shop I think oh yeah
here we are guys the One World Trade
Center that is command s as over 500
meters so we just looked this up the One
World Trade Center is something like 540
meters compared to the Empire State
which is only 380 meters so this is
considerably taller I haven't been here
for 10 years he's never been in New York
quite a bit the last few years I came
here in 2005 I think when they hadn't
built the memorial but it it was still I
think there's still a lot of like rubble
and wreckage from 9/11
I don't know how I haven't been here
the edge of this monument everyone who
died in 9/11 is been inscribed in
yeah really
towards the cameras that we get those
Instagram yeah sure I'm not as wide as
you guys to try though
getting those angles catching a bit we
had a little look around kind of yeah
it's kind of moving seeing that Monument
and just thinking what it all stands for
stuff what do you think of this place
name
makes you like
sad place but beautifully beautiful
Memorial is beautiful Memorial
okay yep yeah okay
joy's some of you are asking me why I
didn't go to that restaurant that Jack
and bite missile the other day well we
just did bye Chloe this is the place
Jack recommended we will tell it well
we'll find out in a minute well we'll do
a few free food review in a minute
Jerome's here he also likes this place
yes we were gonna we were going to check
another place out as well that's
apparently quite a few dozen cases
brought rocking raw at 4:00 p.m.
here's some vegan food let's take one of
these that is that could be B for a week
Gooden it yeah we need to check the only
check this place out layer Jack give you
around for a while you say that yeah
oh also guys we we were just chatting
can you comment below in one sentence
what makes you happy we're really
interested I'm gonna read all the
comments we just wanna know what makes
you happy
think deeply about it before we go yes
sorry see you in Paris
yeah oh the Seba la hey good we're just
coming down now okay thanks bye guys
with any name have you named it there is
your favorite coconut ball bye
we were having some world-changing
conversations by changing I'm always
saying stuff that I really like but here
we are bnh photo one last little visit
Nick what are you getting in here
new camera lenses yeah just as well like
coming in just dropping my crap kidding
yeah sure which way the mics this way I
want to try and find a directional mic
for this camera because as you can hear
there's a lot of background noise and
these little guys they just sit on top
of the camera
and then you'll be able to hear my voice
more clearly one another rather than
like let's back up this looks pretty
good
no battery required today JP JP is
heading back to Toronto tonight
need continuing floormates trading he's
going to equip everybody for our global
flight next year
we've picked up late to an and we're
gonna go pick up wire now okay guys I
fit at the top of this mic on to the
camera see the system could be quite
bulky but definitely this big it's not
sitting on it
alright this just clips in there I'm
gonna need to get this guy and we're
gonna plug in here somewhere I think oh
yeah okay guys this is a test without
the mic plugged in so this is like kind
of background noise
you might hear Street the street and
stuff and this is a test with the
directional mic on that still was much
background noise but I'm thinking this
might be clearer hearing my voice I just
want to do a test if I'm poking over
here where you can still hear my voice
and then back to me what do you think
does it work is the audio better was it
the same or shall I not bother it does
kind of look stupid and the camera alert
check ourselves this is how big it is on
top of the camera and it looks even
crazier when they put on this guy this
stops the wind
look how ridiculous I can't vlog with
that that is that's too much that is too
much silly Rachel so we are we are
meeting Rachel in LA she has a different
flight to us
she's supposed to be finally back to
Australia but she's she's not
oh no we good they always gave away we
only just made them that was insane and
I feel bad that you didn't ever
skateboard I'm sorry I meant you at
least carry Maya's bag to the on my
schedule to the to the gate but that was
cutting it very fine
I know
it was like the longest ever security to
in history of ever
yeah that was so nuts
with Verizon LA yes I like LA so I
didn't explain but basically you know he
drops Rachel off at like the other
terminal should get like she got another
flight well she didn't get her flight I
was gonna tell you on the plane but she
missed her flight because the flight was
originally booked to Sydney via LA and
then she was just gonna like extend her
layover
but then that couldn't happen so they
refused to basically reduce her to get
on the plane with a checker bag in and
there's a big kerfuffle and like I think
she's like trying to explain to them
what she's doing and missed her flight
because it's been
she'd like check there's someone on the
phone I think anyway I didn't work out
she was a little bit upset we managed to
speak to her briefly before he took off
but the good news is she's managed to
get another flight she's landing just
off the one a.m. and she's gonna get an
uber to the air B&B
and I think super sorted do you guys
have a good flight you have it to be in
LA yes you have it you have it to be out
of New York
check out those awesome hats that guy
and then that guy over there yes bro
he's not messing around by those
feathers as they fade and we're watching
Miranda 400 Thai food what what they
needed like I'm in my room and I'll give
you a proper tour of this air B&B
tomorrow but we have this massive house
rachel is arriving either night in like
an hour tea but we are all pretty tired
because of you know time zones and
jetlag and stuff we are gonna have a
very fun week hopefully in LA the
warm-up live weather the warm-up the
weather is definitely warmer out here
and I'm already feeling more relaxed
I'll see in the morning guys
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure babe
