guys we are in Yellowstone National Park
and we're just going for a cruise which
trying to find some geezers the big
water spouts things there's one called
Old Faithful and we're also hoping to
spot up there and maybe even a wolf some
people we just saw it told us they saw
this
we've arrived at the first geezer this
place is called West Thumb and this
whole area is like bubbling and
apparently we can't get in
they look like hot tubs with natural hot
tubs basically but I think they're a bit
too hot but we're gonna take a little
walk and see what we can find
yeah I think we're gonna try and find
some natural Hot Springs that we can get
into no all that looks hot up there down
here guys that that looks hot
whoa I feel like you could to be fair
I've done some places like this before
New Zealand and you can cook you can
cook eggs in them you just throw the
eggs in a little basket and then is it
hot I don't know so far is it is that
sofa guys the residue did smell and also
self is more like yellow isn't it I
don't know what that orange I reckon
it's like algae we have arrived at the
Midway Geyser Basin this is very very
magical
I have never seen the rainbow in the
ground before it's insane guys check
over here is like multicolored this hot
steam is pouring off his lake here I
don't know what I'm a little bit um like
speechless I'm come I've yeah exactly
guys I don't know whether you'll be able
to sense the beauty this is through the
video but it is mind-blowing
I'm so surprised bro check out these
help bring their help
this is one of those this might be one
of those moments man those beautiful
life moments where you're just like
pause I'm quite happy living here for a
little bit yeah I think though the
animals have that kind of influence on
you because you're like he's like hey
I'm just sitting in the river right cuz
I'm just eating sitting in the river
yeah you should be chilled with that to
where it's like when you're in a city
you see all these people that rushing
around screaming honking their horns
that you tell then you think I'll maybe
I should do that yeah I guess all they
think about is like eating drinking
maybe having a little swim I've got a
sleeping great
