good morning guys it's just--come 5 a.m.
it's a pretty rainy Sydney morning and
we're just about to get back in Baloo
and fly to New Zealand
oh it's gonna be a an interesting flight
today very long one
see a pod relatively quiet this early in
the morning or all the dolphins that
seeks all the flights start coming in
there's nothing much departing at this
time right right we loaded our bags on
the plane we've cleared customs and I've
just ducked back in to the airport to a
little coffee for this for the road or
for the air it's been a while but we
we've just put on the dry immersion
suits again for our cause it's you know
another big ocean crossing I don't think
we've worn these since flying into
Scotland I think yeah I think that's the
last big ocean crossing with it across
the Atlantic ground November 2 ones area
not ready to taxi to take you forever
I like idea back Scott I totally see
what you're saying about feeling very
small here
amazing this is the first rain that had
a free pump
there we go
all right
it's alive
goodbye Sydney yeah just time
did you get any sleep
how can I go about 45 minutes last night
but I got a good like four hours like a
day after day today build all right here
honestly the work
I think it's nice as it is having a
buyer here it's definitely don't help
with my productivity but it's nice
definitely helps our relationship let's
get free
very hard ethical broadly say thanks to
help it organizer surprise it's really
nice
I'm just surprised that God heart he
always knew it yeah like yeah it wasn't
threatening or relationship but it was
just tough like missing each other
we are hauling ass today I like it
go ahead with ya 165 knots
good news because this is very very wet
critical flight bill me cookie
that's all right now now this spider my
luggage yesterday there was a hundred
percent for Bali oh right yeah as big it
was alive Wow my worries me about it is
whether it had I don't know how spiders
brief but if it had offspring a late but
in here it Australia and out there the
Balinese you know I may have just
introduced the Balinese specie to
Australia I think they breed with the
local spiders a couple like some crazy
super spider they're gonna kill every
off I was more thinking about just
because sister but okay now we're making
good progress and we're hauling ass
today
like seriously remember to one's very
good from checking in on one two three
four five YouTube channels of it through
teen through the world as the permit of
we got about 200 miles off yeah I live
out in August um and say how I had a
family and I think Louie's gonna hang
out with his girlfriend that's most
likely the plan are you based an orphan
yeah I am we're learning about our
closest airport local
Suseo 300 GCC have you guys you're sort
of a riders ought to get places
yeah that's affirmative will relocate
all right Maura and then we got a bit of
a gathering there but your people are
gonna be waiting for us
all might pop across there no I got a
market for name so yeah yeah you know
we're about to that small you're gonna
be oh yeah we'll be at the Oakland arrow
club probably the cafe area I don't know
if they'll be open but won't be meeting
their particular you talk about all
right we'll see they have a safe trip um
also thanks to make contact circle also
I put to death by a320 all right okay
this is so good I can control them but
the two months are at uniform how do you
just put up my contact circuit for 53
minutes that's all well if you're
freaking all clip oh you know this is
we're at the airport that we're going to
is where everything started where I took
you flying for the very first time
yeah
yeah hello New Zealand it has been a
while
wow it's funny how the light here is so
different like I I just know I'm here
this was the light that he's gonna be
right there Wow
it's been quite a long flight coming in
from and we've been above the clouds
most life but we just about the land
it's pretty stunning was pretty sunny
way let me guess I think your fans
pretty crazy
all right turn - I'm 0k for the iOS dear
me three four left
check this out guys this is this is
actually beautiful
of course it's oh my god here number
four at the moment you're following it
zucchinis come all the way from Sydney
gonna be able to slow down fun see if Li
okay we're gonna we actually started in
California I think that's more
impressive
how's that sale feel free also fellas
what I plan to the set board I've done
some some approaches waiting dish near
before but I've never actually landed
and I keep the speed up a little bit
just cuz we have an a380 behind us
right blended guys in there and the
livestream here thanks for joining imple
so is funding these little live streams
yeah welcome to New Zealand area context
York underground one or two one that
ditional no no it's also because I know
all the taxiways and everything but when
I used to work here
it must be so amazing like getting taxi
island land here like after the years
and he used to be millisecond reflector
jackets I don't think I explained
probably this morning but Roya couldn't
join us from Australia because we have
to take one so much fuel and the way
it's gonna be a problem bringing her say
she flew the only differences we left at
6 a.m. and she left at 10 a.m. but yes
she's at the main terminal now we're
gonna drive over grab her
JB's gonna stay here and reconfigure how
we pack the plane so I can jump in the
back again then we're gonna head to a
small local airport for a little
get-together hopefully thing is family
and some other people are gonna join us
there very good for my quest start up a
uniform Oakland grand stat approved in
Spanish Tosca one zero one five Oscar
startup approved
within the true one that's row Nikko you
know someone around my teacher left and
wake up wait two three left circuit
this is like the pathetic how hava here
is like the breeding place for great
whites all right
so crazy if my house was right there
yeah history and math somebody was way
mountain man that's what I would have
certificate ranking up five at history
you know that easterly direction towards
apart
and I'll call traffic November to answer
I can observe my 2/10 of a way mouth
joining on the not traffic side overhead
at 1005 you doesn't go away don't you
that's a family of the next video will
probably be in a few days but this one
will probably take a but I'll go without
tonight
Alois saying there'll be one up tonight
for traffic November - I'm sorry gonna
fall short final
a bit of a gathering okay one of the
guys Matt he's coming down to see us
lands check this out to find the nomads
little stick and bindle yeah private
homeschool yeah that is that is all
server
he watched out Namibia vlogs like where
was that two years ago yeah yeah and was
inspired to become a pilot and he's
showing me his logbook also then like
seven hours and what type is this
it's a alpha one sixteen
oh is that right right through yeah yeah
okay awesome
yeah there's a good fun airplane the way
are you training up north that is so
cool that is so good time for a great
fight I in front of the plane
right we're gonna sue the guys in the
flame just to sit in see what it's like
see your ID Crips be like
sorry how far we go
okay tenon just drove like two and a
half hours to get here on his bike and
JP's having a little logo on it I don't
know much about bikes but apparently
it's a cool bike
baleia
right where are the hotel we are having
to relax a bit the next couple of days
and get her up ready for some of the big
crossings we're going to be doing over
the next two weeks yeah I think it's
important to rest up and yeah just get
back to 100% because we're both pretty
exhausted and I'm just recovering I was
feeling a little bit ill from Australia
so yeah I guess we'll catch you guys in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
