hi guys I'm Charlotte I'm Elena I'm
Bridget and we're here in Switzerland at
the electrical asia and you're watching
fun for Louie boom good morning guys oh
I slept well I didn't sleep for long why
slept well I need to pack now my flight
is in less than two hours I don't know
if I've left long enough as usual but
I'm sure it'll be fine
I'm flying to Toronto today to buffer
festival I managed to get my video sent
over to the last night it was very late
but it's ready now hopefully to show at
my screenings and show you guys that
coming a lot yeah how can we start from
rendering my vlog and as usual I've made
a complete mess and need to cram it all
into this bag for starters I need to
grab my stuff out of here did not want
to forget this still trying to export my
blog and we seem to do it together like
oh no it's the airport
I'll order my uber I think you might be
alright just got there checking online
at the airport yeah
terminal for Air Canada tsavorite the
dear port in time but I got to check in
here because usually I check in online
it's much easier doing it that way
and for those of you that travel you and
I online check-in but I couldn't for
some reason started over here to Air
Canada during check-in quickly
like the problem of the ticket is that
that's not good
now you got b25 SNMP the geek two days
of the escalators that's it thank you so
much well that was the relief guys has a
problem they were holding my ticket some
reason they hadn't processed a payment
or they thought it was like a fraudulent
card had paid with luckily real good got
my boarding pass I have a serious
problem
I came through security and as I was
rushing and grabbing my things like
dropped my a7r Marty and the lens broke
can you see this this whole like front
of the lens just like snapped here so
like I need to glue it back together
luckily the glass didn't crack I do
happen to have some super glue some
crazy glue on this so I'm going to try
and look nervous before I get on the
plane
the men of their guns thanks Ally
yeah it's cool yeah how you doing yeah
good oh you look good friends hahaha you
are big guy to the video yes nice
meeting you thank you
enjoying thrown up thank you guys that
is hilarious that's the first time
airport security
no leg room over there
our supply says that there's any chance
available with five more language
and then she came over with his Lolo
yeah check this out we are a full flight
the best I can do is give you
the Cruces we'd be sitting in that row
for a very excitingly so
section
okay
it's pretty nice I can stretch my legs
out I've got my level table
I was very very kinda that
I'm just showing the flight attendant
how to use Google cardboard welcome to
Toronto foodies wouldn't you need canvas
seven to one 7:39 p.m. I made friends
with the flight attendants after they
let me sit in their seat and I was
showing them some of my videos and
they've dumped me the most interesting
man in the world
just nice so we have arrived in Toronto
and Buffalo I think starts tomorrow
tomorrow evening or maybe the next day
tonight I've got a day to relax
thankfully I'm gonna be meeting Rachel
here she's flown up from New York wow
that is a lot of luggage and one trolley
imagine trying to push that around
so I've arrived at Hotel look at this
place this is very staying this is Cory
he's organized the whole debuff festival
bro this hotel is so they do this yeah I
like any pumps of this roof right now
it's still theirs look at that laughs
I've got to work and then yeah it's
gonna be I'm like sleep-deprived and
anxious yeah it'll be it should be good
yeah it sounds like it's gonna be
amazing we are both very hungry so we're
gonna go in Tyson food
those we're finished on me I forgot to
block any of the food if we were so
engrossed in our conversation we there
was just not a moment no we were talking
we've just we haven't seen each other a
long time so this has been really nice
coming a few days early for a day early
before like if all the chaos kicks off
ice already kicked up Cory's like barely
gonna sleep tonight but it's nice to
steal you away is there money crashing
and I know he's usually asleep in his
bed too though I offered him the couch
we've got six always six boys arrived
and I watch them we should get a truck
yeah I'll show you how yeah
so I'm so I'm so exhausted that he has
kindly let me stay in his room in his
bed tonight that's so nice I'm glad I'm
glad I stole him away tonight yeah
actually managed to catch up and it's
been cool it's been cool hanging out
tonight man
so pretty here underneath this is a
thing called pants okay it's the largest
underground mall in the world
no waited for anywhere anywhere in the
city of Tehran think about going outside
no well because it gets so cold hit yeah
and it just keeps going it's like whoa
and when's it closed okay so every major
building in Toronto you could get to
Google Canada from here and now that 20
minute current these key will kick but
you might not know about this but then
they look it all they close it you can't
walk around at night how did I not know
about this because of the horse I mean
you can get all the way to City Hall
Toronto coach the interview on Bay here
and then you get into into buildings
from underneath them
yeah and so most buildings just have
stairs or escalators they're bringing
you up into the building no this is like
huge that these are major blocks that's
not like small blocks there's probably
like one two three four roads I think
those are major city roads this is all
the main city of Toronto Wow yeah well
you learn something new every single day
guys this is like a pizza - I like five
times now maybe I didn't don't know it's
not considered particularly cool like
people want like like you should come
and check it out ya know it's not like
fun and young it's for like head of the
rich business
okay and how all the stars are really
expensive yeah and like the fancy people
that you don't like they go oh I bet
this would be cool to skateboard around
Oh
I mean you'd get caught you get told off
pro skater yeah and honestly you and I
can walk for two three hours
nah and let's be totally lost so this
guy's this is the bank here we just came
out the hotel and then you just can keep
walking underground
so basically everyone if there was like
the World War three yeah and there's
like some disaster above-ground and
everyone had to get below ground she
could see how is every Canadian winter
everywhere you're referring but everyone
in Turin I can basically comment lit
this you'd be like a massive like
shelter yeah I've never seen anything
like this come and check out the buffer
festival office hotel room office
introduce me to your dogs this is Julie
and we got him specifically because he
looks like Chewbacca and over here is
Threepio and we named him that because
he's gold hey I told you to be careful
this stuff doesn't like me yeah he's
feeling a little overwhelmed here
because it's a lot of people and so with
dog training they call it feeding the
fear okay you scared you see just shove
treats in their face yeah and then what
happens is every time he sees you I get
a treat Oh every time every time he
walks into the room I get a treat you're
hearing this is a good thing with my
food and that's how you train I can't
punish em cuz I yeah you guys know this
I have this effect on quite a few dogs
they either love me or they freaked out
I think they think I'm not human like
I'm another animal because I look so
weird the way you're perched literally
right now can I get a shot yeah like
there's something about you that's just
very I don't know you're just well
balanced I can tell you travel a lot
well I'm in another hotel in another
city in another country Canada crazy
Canada Phil's on in some ways very much
like America better than in other ways
you just just get reminded it's not even
paying for dinner like I used my
chip-and-pin in America you always have
to sign you it never lets me use like
the chip pin in my card even things I
don't remind me
and also I can use my any of my sim
cards out here tomorrow I have to go and
pick up another Canadian SIM card so
that's gonna be annoying but this
important Internet is obviously
important
all right I'm exhausted guys as I ghost
really exhausted me and and I need like
just a bit of a recovery day from all
the traveling I'm gonna chill out
tomorrow but I will see you in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure they
