hey guys I'm Nick I'm in the cockpit of
the advert velcome bomber here where I
volunteer at the city of Norwich
Aviation Museum and you're watching
bumper Louie boom good morning guys we
are heading down to have an interview
with I think it's People magazine as it
people made it we've left the hotel I I
slipped in I feel I feel very good now
should have brought my sunglasses
how you feeling this morning Ange yeah
beautiful day meal
ready to stream yeah we finally made it
we had a little bit of the late who
didn't have our classes but we right now
let's jump on camera rolling hi we're
here with Louie Cole youtuber
extraordinaire who has traveled all
around the world to meet your recent
travels where have you been recently
that's really blowing your eyes I just
got back from Morocco about two weeks
ago that's pretty awesome we went and
stayed out in the desert we rode camels
the Sun rose and yeah it was only like
five days but I tend to try and pack in
as much as possible when I do this short
trips yeah so you've been on so many
trips and you've traveled all around the
world what's the most memorable
I think Africa is a continent is very
unique and I've traveled pretty much to
every continent but whenever I go to
places in Africa I feel like I was
having a window into the past and it was
fascinating learning about their life
and there's just such a contrast to what
we know like here so it's awesome to see
other parts of the world where they live
completely different into us and so if
they're anywhere on your bucket list
still that you haven't been you're just
dying to go yeah I've had a few friends
go to Costa Rica and said it's amazing
they're so like and the people there
apparently like the most friendly people
and the place itself incredible so
that's top of my bucket list and then
maybe Iceland I want to see the Northern
Lights and yeah even though I'm not a
big fan of cold weather I'd I'd make an
exception for my sleep
well the press interviews went well
that's pretty fun I always enjoy being a
big camera and
although big game put the spotlight at
some of the questions all right
and you can't be quite as articulate as
you want to be it was fun it's fun
got a little coffee now on for the next
thing I'm getting some editing done in
one of the little green rooms and I just
connected to the Internet check this out
guys
42 43 mega 44 hug up I'm gonna be
uploading all my YouTube videos here
guys I am leaving the Convention Center
I've been here all day and I finally
finished all the things I was doing so I
couldn't block it all we're now heading
out to the YouTube space party which I
think there's only like half an hour of
it left because stuff ran on long a long
time here I'm hoping that there's still
something going on if not I'm definitely
finding some adventures tonight
hey everyone yeah everyone is
I would like to sleep
on a mission for food already fine
as much
they said the boy didn't last long so
clutch
do you want to be door you'll be door Oh
fight and I made I have no I fight night
whoa
while they're going all out Chelsea
Market done a good Halloween display
everything's like animate or they can
move it so messed up what we're gonna
dress up as Halloween tomorrow
okay let's can just do like sexy path I
can do a sexy cat
Oh bigoted I am
see later we just had the funniest uber
driver I've ever ever had in my life
he has taken us over to this Halloween
costume shop I've been saying all day I
need to figure out what I'm wearing for
Halloween Jesse and Jeana invite us out
because there's these costume shops are
still open so we're gonna pick out an
outfit okay we have 15 minutes before
the store closes so we're going to try
and oh my gosh there's so many costumes
there we've only got 15 minutes look I
want to be a gladiator can I be a
gladiator I think I can rock being a
gladiator look but look Jesse that's
amazing okay so many choices play this
this and Colin there check these out
that is freaky
we've found a predator mask and it's
like you can take the mask off and it's
got a scary face underneath
I'm gonna try this on yeah you should be
layer Princess Leia
Princess Leia slaves
I couldn't see anything anyway it's not
me the only mass that's your bonus we
try this on like you'd been free of your
head what are you gonna be Raya yeah
okay okay okay I'm feeling that yeah
this looks pirate
Jack Sparrow get the costume without the
Hat because this hats like bad quality
I'm not gonna to fit that hat on that
this looks maybe stretchy they even fit
on you just would you like a quiet I
need to pull the customer I think this
is gonna rock yeah you already got kind
of party yeah we'll draw eyeliner on you
yeah I don't think I'm very good
impression sir do I need do anyone yeah
we're good what is this costume I
thought why I don't understand what's
happening here
so I have a musket a sword and fake
moustache some feathers Nick what you
were you dressed up as nude yeah
yeah I'm gonna steal all these dreads
yeah I'm going to take the the feathers
off this thing I think they look pretty
sick okay yeah look at these I'm gonna
take these up and put them in my dreads
these feathers
Oh Annoying Orange that's all you know
you made it on youtube if you are
panicking when we came in you of
Chanukah okay the girls are heading back
to the hotel me and Nick are gonna go
out for some food apparently this
amazing sushi place I'm kind of sad I
don't eat fish anymore in one way
because apparently it's incredible but
our fine things in eating oh yeah
imma Kirsty can tell us about a sushi
thing Jesse all right very good but my
man my homie Andy Manar courses to meet
moszer
I guess the foodie you should ask him
all the question
it's like introduce Andy and I want to
hear a bit more about their what this
place is
is my homey Andy Milonakis okay this is
five popular spot like last year tell me
about this place
top notch New York City
Suzie Seki is also the only place in New
York State you go for top quality sushi
it opened like crazy late like I mean
waters have won something in the morning
and the last five times explode in LA to
New York is come straight from the
airport to come and eat sushi
they saying something if you like sushi
guys I've got my vegetable sushi avocado
cucumber see how is the next six rolls
are come out these are sweet potato too
- I've never had to eat potato sushi
before
still eight guys guys it got very late
is 3 a.m. the sushi place has only just
closed this crazy what's the best p.p
yeah I'm sorry well you know that's my
choice now I'm really impressed that was
like hard that was like minutes yeah I
was a kind of tempted but you know I'm
enjoying this new lifestyle but it was
cool to hang out Justin Gina I'm glad we
go Halloween things sorted and it's cool
to see handy as well I've lost saw him
right around VidCon funny guy
I'm looking forward to the first proper
day of streamcon tomorrow today was like
an industry day is cooler in the press
they're seeing a bunch of people but
tomorrow I get to do a Q&A panel thing
and I'm doing a me angry which will be
awesome and then in the evening we have
very exciting plans for like a Halloween
parade thing they do in New York site
we've got costumes I've never had like
another big Halloween party think before
say this is gonna be quite different I
am looking forward to it like and now
it's time to sleep I'm gonna have a
little lion in the morning I think
because because you know it's late your
stuff and I it's gonna be it's gonna be
a full-on day so I'm capturing the
morning peace out enjoy your life
the adventure
