hi I'm Ewan
I'm Ryan hi I'm Tina we are in bands on
top of the mountain and you're watching
fun for Louise good afternoon guys we
have left the air B&B we've been staying
in the last couple of days and I took
the day off yesterday and we've arrived
in our hotel in Manhattan for streamcon
which starts tomorrow I think and um I'm
looking forward to of time here it's
gonna be cool there's lots of people in
town and so it's going to be another
crazy weekend of hanging out with
everybody me and Nick have ducked out
the hotel I'm going to find coffee I
need some food as well we need to stock
up on snacks and stuff are you there
Nick
get ready to wear solid planning session
yeah everything
we're taking advice just some time
together before things kick off at
streamcon and it gets hectic and those
people show up so just today's like
they're chilled a before everyone
arrives and stuff I mean it's got a bit
of a mid-afternoon snack noodle snack
cool digit area yeah look at these
mushrooms those I've never seen anything
like ready
there's a video toaster
however pretty much like something
okay we're gonna go and try and find the
Highline think it's over here's the play
what is that building guys what
buildings that that looks serious we
just walked into this building which
happens to be I think we're stream comes
happening let's screen composters hello
but I think also the New York Marathon
is happening today maybe
guys what does this sign mean let me go
or stop go or stop
I'm so confused I think it's broken
we've walked down to find the girls
they've gone out for dinner this Mexican
place I don't know if I'm hungry
actually kind of kind of ate noodles
we're just going to spy on them
making rates are trolling each other and
snapchat it's time to stock up and
snacks come down to 7-eleven
phenomenas Oh
I may have got a little overboard on the
snacks just for the weekend
do you think that's too many snacks yeah
I'm really hungry today
Oh
Nick and Rachel are sharing this protein
bar is it a really a protein lock
oh you fooled me I feel great buzzer
thought maybe you said like a cheery
rock sweets this candy bar and that's
what makes left ear technique is
tattooed from both sides
guys I just spent $85 in 7-eleven and
when I asked him how much is the most he
seems that we're spending it he's in
like three 50 to $60 site
how I said it hello
there's a lot of advice important these
are going to snap
oh nice
we are back at the hotel we've come up
to the rooftop bar this is really also
Connors here hey man yeah that's pretty
good how you doing man looking looking
forward to streamcon yeah I'm looking
forward to school you're gonna get it
Louie
yeah I thought that imagine that was a
hot tub guys that was so good
guys this is the perfect rooftop faced
ground missions
I don't even have to go anywhere stay on
hotels guys guess who is visiting New
York you'll never guess it's jack yeah
oh good man are you doing the view by
nose it's pretty ridiculous
are you finding New York I'm loving I am
you're good to be really nice been nice
food I've been nice penis it gives so
much energy
it's like London except 100 times more
intense yeah some wicked vegan
restaurants here which is a bonus yeah
yeah we're going to go find one are we
gonna stay all together from the gauge
as gonna find an awesome vegan
restaurant and also the other thing
we're thinking of finding is see those
really tall buildings over there in
Times Square
what's the plan what's the plan we're
definitely not climbing any of that is
illegal Louie and that's not allowed
yeah so basically that opposite of that
I just want to dangle my feet off the
top
we are relocating to the fire pit over
here this is where the warm people live
yes thanks
do you like this elevator love this it
feels really strange oh it's like
astroturf or something I don't really
know yeah I don't know it's the way we
live no but it's like it's like this yes
it is like it's a bit like astroturf
isn't it cuz it's like kind of rough
it's like what the doormat it's like the
doormat that you wipe your feet on your
a dormer why are we 7 where are we going
so I started up high stories basically
my very rhyming sorry guys low-to-mid
you know why it's good this is not the
know where they know ok sorry guys would
we messed up we just went always
surprised oh yeah we were waiting for a
friend that's what it was hey Mary she
came back to you it was not an accident
guys we were going to walk Jack back to
his Airbnb and we just thought well
let's just try these rental bikes again
we we made it work I was not expecting
that
remember last time we were here me and
rage why this nightmare trying to make
this work and we were getting very
frustrated
this toy worked thank you thank you say
Mike your redeeming your your redeeming
yourself
so you got regular you got heard line
all right
Jagr was just telling me how much he
loves his new motorbike about grow this
this is a bike
rather than at last
let's go right and then go down to the
river and sights along the river hi this
is way better than walking where are you
going down
I ponder it
we have cycled all the way down to the
West Village I mean sighs you've like 20
minutes this is pretty awesome I was not
expecting to do this at 2:00 a.m. but
here we are unexpected adventure but
home live the adventure so worried about
that was that fun jack we need to do
that more yeah tomorrow night I feel
like I've lived for the adventure
shut up every night yeah okay this might
this might occur tomorrow night as well
rate to a story we almost killed you we
just led the Rachel across traffic
without realizing I thought see I
thought it's a white man very why is it
white man in the UK it's a green man
okay which I say I don't know why
America so okay I'm actually still
talking guys I slammed Rachel spike back
in for her and as it slammed in my one
popped out again
and now we can't put it back in a piggy
bank
with it video but he went green it like
green was lazy up corrected on it and
now it pops out at you green dit okay
good job good job good job
Jack tell me about this place and when
are we coming
this place is by close 100% vegan food
vegan ice cream vegan
hot dogs Egan burgers that were coming
tomorrow can theater mean you what you
say it yeah and hopefully those guys
that love us talking about vegan stuff
then I hope you that was enough vegans
vegan because I know no one actually
likes us to no they hate those likes no
guys guys
we dropped Jack back as Airbnb we spent
some time there chatting and hanging out
and it somehow now is 4 a.m. and I've
got a press interview tomorrow and I've
got a bunch of things I'm supposed to be
doing so I didn't really think this
through too well but we had a great
night and I've been resting well the
last few days so I'm hoping it will all
be chilled I just hope there's a coffee
machine in the room that's what I'm
really happy Ben I'm going to ask him
now after you Rach well guys i had to
specifically request a coffee machine
was brought to my room but now i
guaranteed a coffee in the morning which
are happy about i'll be fueled up ready
for my press interview and I'm pretty
pumped I'm pumped for streamcon to start
tomorrow it's going to be good it was
good to see people tonight but I think
I'm going to be bumping into a lot of
people tomorrow as well
I'm looking forward to this and I will
see you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life live that chart
