my name is Nick I live in the beautiful
car in New Zealand and you're watching
fun for Louie boom good afternoon guys
we've headed into Manhattan to Chelsea
Market this is where the YouTube
creative spaces
I try to get in here last month in New
York and vicodin today I've been invited
in because YouTube are running like
standing up against cancer day there's
like a livestream going on I think it's
in partnership with Cancer Research UK
and I've been invited to participate in
a livestream
I think I'll get interviewed in about 45
minutes so we're gonna go and grab some
lunch before that I'm pretty hungry can
we get a hearty soup
we've arrived this hello
really something about roughs we just
arrived now you see it myseif and now
we're getting I'm just quickly uploading
my blog on this super lightning fast
Google internet is uploading like one
minute
rather 45 minutes from home we're going
to harness the power of technology and
beam straight to New York Sami who are
we talking to New York we're gonna be
talking to fun foolery aka Louis Cole
from the New York at Google space Lois
can you hear us
yeah howdy good good you like you you're
loving life right now yeah yeah it's
funny I think it's funny because you're
beaming to New York to speak to a fellow
Brit I think that's my main mine why did
you want to check in with us today
mmm I just wanted to get involved I
think it's an amazing thing that's
happening today and I didn't want to be
left out and I wanted to make a stand
with you guys mhm and how does it feel
to me it's not a part of such a massive
fundraising event for me I live for
these kind of things like I think we can
change the world together with like
people power making a stand
communicating especially us with like
social following be able to speak
because we've got our voices are heard
like they're loud voices in terms of
like the reach they can have and the
people that can impact so for me I want
to stand amongst with you guys and say
let's let's spread this message let's
raise awareness let's raise some money
to combat cancer yeah and you can do
that now if you're watching at home on
your computer you can text in I keep
saying it at 7 o 44 it's down 3 5 or 10
to donate and also online it sounds
cancer don't you gave way to that
YouTube make so much for checking in
with us we hope you have a great time
all right
see
how are you girls doing enjoying
beautycon there was nobody just before I
came in here
Louise's eat lunch and she was like
moving she didn't know I was in New York
time there yeah yeah guys I'll leave all
the donation stuff underneath in the
description but you can text if you in
the UK you can text and you can go to
the website all that jazz
my coffee is this good coffee okay let's
get this coffee guys look at that cool
world map on the wall it's like painted
and it's all like messy and stuff like
that laughs Cheers
before we leave Chelsea Market raters
pointed out that my shoes are very
scruffy and I gots them like one of
events coming up where I need to be
smart so we're gonna say we get my shoes
shined polished up thank you that
these are done well by Rachael generate
Rachael help me hit me
get your that's so funny I don't even
know what make that they just brown
boots
I never would she convinced me and I'm
never gonna go back fix the way forward
never wrong there was a throne awaiting
me
you look like a little kid
is that like moisturize up yeah it's a
Peter booster yeah thanks
yep
next time I can just borrow some of your
moisturizer like it's giving my whole
new lease of life yeah
places you wouldn't necessarily expect
it all like we were kind of in a rush
we're going to leave and they're like oh
yeah like quickly polish my shoes and
then
plan now is to find some bikes so we can
cycle back to Brooklyn it's a nice
evening it's a little bit chilly but
it's nice and we've still got some time
before the Sun sets and it's it should
be a quite beautiful little cycle right
looking forward for a little so I can
ride three two well this will warm you
up this will warm you up
penny hello penny
we found the bikes ready dear people at
city bike you need to work on your
machine because it has issues it has
problems it's not very responsive
we tried bro we're gonna keep trying
maybe if I press that 3000 we have left
that bike machine it was getting very
frustrating didn't work we are finding
some more bikes now I think there's some
up here the second machine is also not
working what are we doing wrong we're
sure please work all we want is one of
your lovely bikes please give us your
bikes I don't often criticize things in
my blogs but I'm gonna have to criticize
the city bike terminals in New York City
so terrible we just tried to and the
exact same thing out there just crashed
and didn't work so if you run that thing
so we're out that's very frustrating
boy he needs a quickly hurry to the
sunset it's always there so we are the
wrong side of man has to see the sunset
properly but it's gonna be really
beautiful sky look at this pink flowers
over there
and we're gonna walk across there
that is a fun way to cross the bridge
rate I reckon that's how we should get
home doing that like side a jumpring
managed to climb up and this little
fence at the end of the bridge to the
lower time-lapse because most the way we
were blocked by this like fence which
you can really look through probably but
this is going to be pretty gorgeous
we're worried about my camera being
precariously balanced up there there's
like gusts of winds the subways like
there's like a tunnel on there somewhere
it's like rattling the whole fridge the
high just I just got stopped by the
police the police just came over and
told me off you're doing my time glass
because I was like standing on the fence
so they use a lil air noise
that is an awesome little police van
guys never never never never never never
never settled that's a good message
isn't it look at the size of that dog
as a big dogs I became just right oh
wait now it's the pressure of the camera
I for dinner Rachel found a cool little
place down there Venezuelan food yeah
look into me look this is how cold it is
yes thanks mom
gonna be full degrees tonight
some pretty tasty food has arrived we've
just been chowing down on some guacamole
some chips
plantain and these are like some
Venezuelan tacos style things with like
tofu spicy stuffing
how's that
I'm glad that me and Rachel share our
disliking the cold weather yeah I don't
believe so much of a wimp when I flame
around Rachel that is the temperature
Lert there that's the it's not coded
right now guys and if you get this thing
where you have tons of work to do but
you just keep procrastinating that's me
I've had this video I've needed to get
done for buffer festival and it's 6:00
a.m. now luckily I managed to get on
with it but for the first couple of
hours of the night I just couldn't get
in the design and both made really good
progress through the night and I need to
now get to sleep because I'm flying to
Arizona tomorrow and I'll tell you all
about that in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
