hey everyone my name is Hamid from quoit
and you watching father Luis enjoy boom
good morning guys I have just woken up
after like an 11 hour sleep which I
desperately needed so I feel pretty good
I'm now heading to an Lobby rachel has a
ride she's London from New York and my
friend Ben is who's in Toronto it has
just soared me out SIM card so I can
have internet on the guy which is cool
so I'm gonna head down and meet them
both how was your flight
yeah this is my friend Ben and he's
taking us to a cool little coffee bar
where we gonna have some coffee and see
something incredible yeah is this the
place yeah is this a cool machine yeah
what's the science behind this machine
and all of them
thank you
the whole sometimes they couldn't
program in this way yeah
the right temperature to make the copy
does he clean - yes virtually we finish
our coffee we have ducked into the
little very still - yes and snaps I all
I've got so far is just some chocolate
but which one I look for the nuts
where are the nuts it's nuts
guys I have found the biggest grapes in
the world look at these look at these
grapes any longer
I stretch it out
look who just showed up JP in Canada
last time I saw you as LA wasn't it when
you set off yeah the day separate so how
long did it take you to get to New York
eight weeks guys if you haven't already
you've got a go morsel JP's videos of
his trip across America a crazy
adventure crazy cycle the whole way
very legend absolute legend how you like
in Canada we've ordered already to an
order some food or if you really hungry
come on right - it's gonna be okay I've
only heard like a couple of horror
stories revolving doors the back of the
hotel gets to the right I just had a
knock on my door as to who this is this
is JP did you order room service no I'm
just like guests that you probably had
you guys haven't met a lovely way that
happens so after spending the whole
afternoon in hotel we're now heading to
the big reunion it's always like this at
the beginning
we found food it's very hard
first course has arrived that's a nice
suit look who else is the right buyer
will the way from Bulgaria boy where I
don't know by business in four countries
you're not knowing one day top flight
flying you feeling alright you excited
to be here with we're doing like one of
the screenings we do the travel
adventure screening and then I'll do
like they do you're doing like women
seasons it's gonna be a good few days
wait who's in the windows it's been my
yes boy
and they pay within the house hi there
bad
good day just get ready for a
spectacular show
a wall
this dish the most exciting bit guys is
gonna make a cold Pinot in the onion see
those onions that's a straight-up
volcano mysterious I think I'm saying
this before my vlog
we're back in the hotel we're heading to
film a little intro video for the gala
and no man
I don't think these guys in a while I
can't I have no idea another 30 bro I
know I miss you guys it's good it's good
to be hanging out with everyone again it
could be a few days you're gonna love it
we're making a video for the gala
tomorrow so essentially it's a super
meta idea we're talking about what the
video is going to be that's the entire
video with me asking for pitches for
this first opening video and so
everybody's saying the most gonzo
bullets and I'm like no no no no no who
are you
no and then if that's the whole video so
essentially we will get close-ups of
some of you and like different like
groups of people and you will just pitch
something even if it's very sincere or
very stupid and I'll just be like what
is this is the next daily vlogging
camera I'm gonna by getting one of these
cine lenses 14 mil I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna clip it to my belt down here
well guys it's been a very chilled beta
day it's so nice to see JP again he is a
legend and please if you haven't already
go and subscribe to the YouTube channel
his videos it awesome and the trip that
he just completed a blow weeks ago it's
inspirational I'm excited to adventure
more with someone of that adventure
caliber like I think I think that us
cycle ride is probably bigger than any
fee of ever attempted so he's he's gonna
be an awesome adventure buddy in future
trips I gonna sleep now I've got a bunch
of press interviews in the morning
tomorrow is like the press day with
buffer and then
Satur don't some they're going to be
like panels and I think Friday night
actually we're doing the the red carpet
gala event are we going to be seeing
some of the premium like showcase and
screenings of from some of the youtubers
here it's all pretty exciting and I will
see you guys at festival if you've
bought tickets and you you're in the
Toronto area cool see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
