good afternoon guys today we have left
Sydney for the day we've gone for a
little Drive over to feather Dale
Wildlife Park and I'm really hoping we
can meet some kangaroos and wallabies
today and hang out with them right have
you ever met a kangaroo before I don't
even remember seeing one in the zoo ever
growing up like there's a lot of very
interesting wildlife in Australia so I'm
hoping we get to meet a few of them
including this guide this is a
kookaburra hey buddy
after this we are going on a flight with
our friend Lisa we're gonna take her up
in the plane JP has to prepare for that
fly so he we dropped him off on the
airport in the way here so at the
airport the way here and then he's yeah
we're gonna be out with him in a bit
right what have you found
I guess swallow these okay we have some
kangaroo bait well are they gonna want
to eat it is it just for the kangaroo
minute two kangaroos yeah
this Willoughby has a baby lip I can see
it is you can see it's hip its eyes oh
my god
always we went in the head we went and
in head what is your first encounter
with the world of you like that one got
a baby
oh my gosh
twala's so freakin cuddly and anything
we're gonna cut a one today but but just
like big teddy bears really this guy yes
right okay we have found some kangaroos
trial attempt to mobile with the
kangaroo food
goodbye that's my bitch
now he's done it he's done the eating a
thing
little animals here called croppers
thing
hey guys I think they're also Marcy
feels sometimes very smiley mostly
fields are though they're just sleeping
right now I think most marsupials are
probably nocturnal now I'm thinking
about it I think I have a new favorite
Australian animal I haven't seen a woman
back close out like this for a while and
I've forgotten how cool they are trying
to figure out I feel like it looks like
a mix between like a pig in a squirrel
maybe because Australia is an island in
the middle of nowhere they secrete all
the animals and bugs and stuff native to
Australia are like so different from
anything that I'm used to so seeing some
of these animals is literally that the
wombat thing didn't even know that
existed never seen a picture of it and I
was like this guy what are you doing
so I was trying to film some 360 shots
with the future hey buddy you wanna come
here
yeah going for it
these bats out hang in there this is a
tree kangaroo it doesn't actually look
like a kangaroo
if I guess it's related guys it's a
Tasmanian devil hey buddy hey buddy
there any croc it off oh whoa
it's fuzzy see you would not want to run
into that in a wild well that was a
pretty special experience getting to see
what the animals we're last to spend the
whole day hit next time
hey good okay I have all my GoPros and
the fusion
we've met back up with JP and Lisa hey
and yeah we were about to go for a
little sunset flight hopefully JP just
went up and he said it's pretty bumpy so
well it could be an interesting flight
how you feeling Lisa you ready to fly
yeah obviously I've landed before but
this could be two one zero
Akihiko Barbara Mike request taxi to the
active oh yeah this is exciting
fabulous the banks on ground there's a
pituitary control holding short Charlie
one one left ready to go all righty
hey guys ready
from the street all right here we go Wow
it speeds alive temperatures pressures
look good
yeah awesome didn't fabulous time the
Garrett's coming up and you can start
feeling the bump
it's only been in the last couple of
years it's traveling with Greg that
we've been doing rollercoasters and so
I'm just channeling though being in a
small back office before I get my
grandfather used to fly so like a child
we each got one lot where I go to church
just a mere wheel the red buildings oh
that's the few hospital being built so
we got direct chat
very cool
so this is Colorado I think only people
power clotting oh yeah yeah we need a
check out for them all the time
oh wow VFR traffic number two one zero
at you know from doing the victor one
down five feet long reach dries magic
right now which one are you've got an
Instagram app or photo yet oh yeah
a VFR traffic November 2 of there akia
default man let's let's see 10 doing the
victor 1,500 weeks family point Trek
calls it this is insanely low
Wow this light it's so magical
oh my gosh this hay is just incredible
yeah the skyline ups a little bridge are
you oh yeah okay the Opera House as well
this is fun night could you
I can't believe we get to fly ahead very
good this wasn't a lot cloud stuff yeah
the amount of great whites we just do
over yeah
I'm sure as the same yeah this is not
the water to present
oh my god
my family will just feel like I'm not
gonna tell them until through my parents
are away at the moment so they don't
know I'm doing this and I haven't told
either Mike either so I'll just send
them the vlog that'll get their eyes why
don't you what do you send a message in
the vlog and I'll put it in the vlog oh
okay hi mom and dad
and Peter and Dave jasmine Harry
Alexander and Virginia Jake and
Elizabeth and Samuel and just the dog
I'm here with JP Louie and Riya hello
and we're going on a flight around
Sydney we've just flown amazing so step
out of thanks down headed Northwest
across the Long Reef down the coast and
then came back in overthrow National
Park and now we're flying back to base
so final one one left picking up on
runway one one lift it lift it around
one one laughter already over the
threshold
Oh down already hold them off
hold it off I'm on wind then what's a
bad guy all right that'll do yeah how is
that oh it's great how many with us it's
so good all right and Jake hey
congratulations
fabulous you're alive heading off thanks
for coming okay where are we arriving
right
we are here to meet with Pia and Kane
who are like youtubers instagramers from
Sydney and PS or those people that we've
been following each other forever and
because I've been watching new videos it
feels like we know each other so we're
yeah the site's better beat them yeah so
we're gonna get to take out food and
hang it there okay guys we're with Kane
and Pia and we've just got some takeout
food what is it what's the name of the
place we all know so well it's like a
vegan fast-food say I got a falafel
burger and some fries and I got a beer
milkshake I'm kind of excited about I
got half an hour mine as well it is very
late guys we just got back from a lovely
evening with their pier and Kane
supposed to be editing tonight I'm gonna
give it my best go but my problem is I
also love socializing and meeting people
and yeah it's been a great night anyway
we're back out our Airbnb and I don't
know if you guys know this but Raya has
a legit phobia of spiders and Australia
is well known for having a lot of big
and poisonous spiders anyway as we
walked in we were joking about all there
could be a spider here when we open
handle and then I look on the wall in
the dark and I'm like pretty sure that's
a massive spider and that as the light
every like shine a torch and the light
turned on there is a massive Huntsman
down at the bottom of stairs say I'm
gonna show you guys luckily these aren't
actually venomous but they are pretty
terrifying if you if you're not a fan of
spiders
just to give you context okay like he's
big he's like he's not as big as my hand
but he's pretty flippin big in the
morning because they'll enjoy life live
the adventure
