hi this is Sachin I'm from Bombay India
but right now I'm going to hilltop in
Maharashtra right machi and you're
watching one following boom good morning
guys it's just gone 7 a.m. the Sun is
about to rise in our campsite check out
our campsite this is the first time
we're seeing where we are with any
daylight that all our camels are over
here after breakfast we're about to get
back on the camels and go for a little
trek but I slept well I slept with on
this little 10 this that's a good night
morning Maya did you sleep well yeah did
you yeah actually feel caressed it yeah
so pretty good you ready to get back on
the camels coffee no milk black please
thank you thank you
you took the night and I'll drop tonight
I'm just waking up after good Sunday
Cheers
Derrick's going somewhere else today
have fun direct yes Raya all right you
have a nice camel hello I've got a tiny
camel hey bro cool Auggie I'm gonna yeah
hey bro
you
he just likes you friendly with me
the rough
we forgot someone a feelin Riya
yes sunrise come right yes
well I have a different camel today and
I think he looks like flies I think I'm
gonna name you Clyde hey doing flies fly
spree chills
what did he call your come off Rosie
this is quite different from last night
because we can actually see where we're
going this is one of those rare
morning's were actually don't mind
getting up early well worth it
I think this cameras more comfortable as
well
is your camel more or less comfortable
running good job good job
how is the morning camel ride good
better than yesterday cause you could
actually see you know I was just so
beautiful
I was a sinking boat and these cameras
are cool what a glorious morning isn't
it a fantastic day also like you that
you're talking to me I'm like yeah I
know your body but I'm talking to you as
well I'm just talking to everybody it's
now time for a six-hour Drive back to
Marrakesh
we've pulled over we're having a little
break from driving and this is the same
spot we stopped at yesterday so Breyer
has suggested we go on a Instagram
mission this is a pretty sweet spot
instagrams
I still can't get over how clear this
water is this is totally it's totally
cleared but not muddy
it's time for a mid-morning ice-cream
snack well-a-day ice cream I need to
find some sorbet or an ice lolly or
something okay that'd be something yeah
it's too early for a magnum
that is the fruity I slowly
right back on the road lunchtime
vegetable couscous little coffee where'd
you get right click on what I learnt
tomatoes nice I have a plan guys I'm
gonna fill my bread with all of that see
what happens this is a good sandwich
guys this is how we do the roads are
right now super duper wiggling until we
get out the mountains
Oh
we're getting dropped off do you
everything did we check out by our seat
cool bye
we are back in Marrakech thank you we
just got dropped right by our riad Wow
I don't know open to this house yeah
we're just guessing where we are well
not well oh I dropped the dates I'm so
sorry
oh no I'm just dropping everything we
decided to take a shortcut but we've got
lost
yeah this doesn't look familiar
let's this joined up around this corner
just look oh we are so loved I've run up
onto the roof of our riad guys the
sunset is going to be gorgeous tonight
I'm gonna set up a little time lapse all
right I've got that guy rolling what a
beautiful night
I don't know whether it's because we've
come out earlier than usual or whether
it's because it's a Friday night here
but it's buzzing like way more buzzing
the other night I love it
just got bowl of melon my dessert
I said it the other day but Marrakesh is
the best place in the world for people
watching I'm just sitting on the balcony
of the restaurant here looking down at
the street so awesome
all right buy some bananas so right I
just told me that she misses sidewalks
but I was saying I quite like the
adventure of walking down the road and
having to like Dodge motor bikes and
horses and stuff and walking the
sidewalks is a little bit boring
hence regime myself living in New York I
walked everywhere and when you walk like
40 blocks you just put in your
headphones oh now you just go so good
it's like my only time you know yes
so that's rise like chill meditation
time and it's not me but I get it it's
cycling can be that or something that's
a bit more I don't know I get it I do
get it but for you guys sorry for you
guys what's your zone out like
meditation listen to music activity that
you do let me know in the comments I'm
interested because I want to I want to
get into more of a meditative flow in my
life I'm always so busy doing stuff that
I think it's important to create time in
your day to
I don't know allow your thoughts to stew
and just to get some headspace so I'd
love to know where where you guys do
that we're almost back at our riad I
just had to tell you guys something I've
been to Morocco a few times and I
haven't always had the most welcoming
time from the people here I find their
culture quite aggressive especially in
the touristy areas they're always trying
to grab you and you know the kids always
asking for money and people are trying
to sell you things which is fair enough
that's just the culture here but I just
had them the moment the nicest
experience this old man just walked past
us and with like not wanting anything
from us just welcomed us to Marrakech
and it was just like so genuine and
honestly that's just totally changed my
opinion I think I think it's it's you
know not all people are the same and you
can't judge a whole culture from certain
people's behavior I don't know I've just
that was just so nice guys so so nice
whoa what a day I am pretty tired as
weird of sitting in a minibus for the
whole day journeying back from where we
rode the camels and camped out is this
tiring but it really is and tomorrow
basically we didn't make it to the
market tonight we kind of walked around
on the streets but it's pretty hectic
and I needed to get my video uploaded
and stuff but tomorrow we are going out
on a mission we're flying out at 8 p.m.
so we're thinking we want to find some
of the cool like maybe like a cool
palace or some kind of temple or
something and just some some of the
sights of Marrakesh so we're going to go
and explore maybe hit the market Roy
wants to buy a cool dress and yeah we're
going to try and make the most of our
last day and then yeah fly back to the
UK for for only the half a day and then
I'm heading back up to New York but I'll
tell you about that tomorrow
right Oh catching the morning guys peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
boom
