hey guys Seanna alpha creating wash me
thoroughly enjoyed good morning guys
I've arrived like at the zeitgeist
conference and we've got another morning
of demonstrating the 360 content a
YouTube cylindrical screen thing they've
built here is a very popular exhibition
by this session has just ended so people
have come out from the main conference
all again
you lure them into it to see the 360
stuff my idea yesterday was we should
have like a chocolate fondue fountain
right outside the booth and it would
like to track the flavor for the
chocolate and
like direct them in didn't go for my
idea so this is the first time in the
conference I've been allowed in the main
room take this out there's like
projections along every wall and the
most exciting thing about this session
that's just about the stories the
speaker that guy in the International
Space Station is a livestream
this is the guy that I dunno I saw a few
months ago I asked him a question I
asked my god the questions on my channel
and said in my videos he responded so
this is the same guy and yeah
Scott Kelly mark his twin brother is
he's here at the conference season is
speaking of him Scott Kelly who I spoke
to he's gonna be like a video call from
the International Space Station
I have the opportunity to talk to
somebody on the International Space
Station hi Scott my name is Louis Cole I
run a popular travel adventure daily
vlogging channel on YouTube I actually
spoke to you well via like a video
message earlier in the year in May NASA
approached a few vloggers it was hosted
on the NASA website I don't know if you
remember but it's it's an honor to
actually have a lot of live chat with
you now and my question is I imagine the
thought of returning when you do that to
earth there's a lot of positives and
it's exciting and I'm sure you're
looking forward to it but is there
anything that you fear on maybe
psychological or health or you know
there's anything you fear about coming
back that's an interesting point you
know I just started thinking about
coming back recently I tried not to you
know for a long time and you know it's
you know people that have been in
situations you know where they can't go
home if they have given me the advice
that even you know you don't want to
count down you want to count up in the
number of days but it has entered my
mind and I think you know I've been here
over 200 days and it seems like I've
been here a really long time it's almost
like I feel like I've forgotten what
it's like to live on earth and I you
know I do feel a little bit a poor
tension of you know what it will be like
to get adjusted even though I really
look forward to it and but I think there
is some there will be an adjustment
period and it does give me a little bit
of an apprehension for what that will be
like the last time I flew a long
duration flight it was 159 days about
six months and it took me about six
months to feel back to normal getting
back into the routine of how they you
know your daily life where it's kind of
up to you to decide what you're gonna do
and we have this we have this timeline
here with a with a you know line
marching across the screen and it shows
us what we're gonna do in like five
minutes
walks you know some of the activities
are much longer than that but you know
it's basically telling you what to do
all the time and then you get home and
you know you don't have this I think in
a lot of ways it might be like you know
how someone who's coming out of prison
has a you know an adjustment period and
in some ways they're more comfortable in
prison because they're you know their
life is so you know regimented and
they've gotten used to it so you know
I'm not worried about the physical part
of that but I am starting to think a
little bit about you know
psychologically what it will be like
leaving this environment and going back
to one where I have much more freedom
that was
incredible like what an opportunity I
wasn't expecting to be allowed into that
room today we've just been like limited
being here but be able to go in and also
two girls in our ask a question to Scott
Kelly that was
find it overwhelming Wow
this is just I think it's going to take
me a while to process what's happened
over the last of the days I think people
that the people that have been here
inside
this arena has their world and I guess
the small part I can play a very very
small part I'm going to design one of
these water bottles and I don't know how
it works
I'm gonna get a little tutorial okay how
do I do it okay so you I just drag on
the figure yeah
pick any image like I like go to flowers
like I like flowers so Susan the CEO of
YouTube is now starting conversation
about using YouTube for social good
she's checking out the videos at the
moment
she was talking on stage she's a big
deal season what do you think of the 360
content amazing the way we can
communicate whole world and communicate
what it's like to be there without
actually having to go there and it
provides all kinds of ways to be to
bring experience and said to make them
scalable and to give season sourcing 360
horror video
got my bottle hey guys look they print
in my bottle oh that looks so good
let's go their design we're just showing
Aloe Blacc the 360 stuff this is the guy
before me last night
there were legends
time for cheeky little coffee that's
right the cobble team kindly just gave
you to Google cobbles devices so I can
stick my phone in and like watch like
360 content it's even more realistic I
don't know how it works it's to do with
the lenses they use but it feels like
you're all like really there and some of
the videos have like depth of field as
well so it's 3d 360 that's why I need to
be making next 3d 360 sometime
well that is a wrap guys I've got a
little packed lunch and taken away
heading back to the hotel now I've got
quite a lot of work to finish off but
this is the spin mind-blowing
like guys like I'm 15 I'll see you next
year so I go 16 yeah thank you so much
Wow I have my own shuttle all right yes
sir it's just me so spend the remainder
of the afternoon chillin
get some work done hanging out my
I thought of the Hoover and I'm gonna go
and hang out with my friend Lauren to
drop some dinner so we've arrived that's
nice Vietnamese restaurant I've got some
spa
I'm here with Lauren okay and this dish
here is eggplant and it's very spicy
apparently she she gave us the option of
like one to seven in in spiciness let's
try symphony
why not so she gave me an odd-looking
and said this so I'm gonna give me a
little take and see if it really is like
very very spicy it's also much more than
I imagined
that's pretty squashed
that's not unbearable birthplace that's
my kind of spice yeah it's not it's not
ridiculous we've finished our meal but
we've comments this little frozen yogurt
place and I'm going to get lots of
sorbet look at this
mango when we grab my raspberry and then
check over here
chocolate fudge sorbet what are you
gonna get Lauren oh yeah we've got these
lip we've got these little sample four
cups and we're trying different ones
what's pistachio like
again guys it's been a surreal day
absolutely insane speaking to an
astronaut hanging out with the CEO of
YouTube I mean it's been I don't think
I'm gonna be able to really process
what's been going on the last couple of
days for a while but I've made some cool
friends and I've just been inspired by
pretty much everyone I've met and that
excites me and I like I like these kind
of environments that cool it is very
late it's almost 5:00 a.m. I've stayed
up all night making the final tweaks and
and finishing touches to my video that
I'm sending off now over to the buffer
festival it was supposed to be over two
then weeks ago but it's all done now
pretty much and I'll see in the morning
and I'm flying to Toronto peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
