I'm Shahnaz
I'm Keanu wearing Keith darker and
you're watching fun for Louie good
morning guys
is my last day in New York today and
it's time to get coffee and come down to
Blue Bottle coffee this is a very nice
coffee place
we pop down the road is I approached my
electric shaver and I find Ashok books
we get a bit scruffy
you see anything we just buying your
makeup all right time to trim my face
duh I feel much fresher guys I've also
packed my bag and I did a whole thing on
story I filmed like how I pack and like
a bit more in depth of what I've got on
a bag and stuff so I'll link that below
you can go check out my story shot my
phone I think I need to head up to the
airport now I've got a few hours to my
flight but I've also got that access to
the lounges in the airport so I may head
up early they also broke the one of the
lens like UV filters in front of this
lens so I need to go buy a new one other
than that thank you good see nice
hanging out ritual we're not going to
see buffer Toronto in like four days or
three days or something hang out some
all there
leave my uber is waiting on the street
I've grab some breakfast to go well kind
of lunch a breakfast I've gotten about
habit of not really eating breakfast and
willing to come and coffee thanks
alright see you later bye see you in
Toronto bye
and in case you're wondering I've got my
passport I have an armpit on it there he
is
great thing about New York in Brooklyn
this view this takes like 30 seconds
he's literally open you're out boom I'm
not being paid by able to pay that I
love you but I know this controversial
are they some people don't like it but
it's the most convenient they and they
provide jobs to people
I always think Brooklyn is closest
jack√©e and it is but it's tilted like
an hour in the Hoover to get that oh my
gosh security and again because we do
have to clean up everything and have a
seat
we've got about 45 minutes left in the
flight but so prefer to prepare for
landing
please close your tray table and put
away carry-on item
but like like a king
gosh that lightning words in the same I
don't know you could quite wrong how
nuts it was but I've never landed in a
lightning storm before there's literally
lightning bolts going off every like two
seconds I think I'll call quite loving
hammer we couldn't hear the Thunder
that's the craziest thing and yeah
everyone was just quiet I was like I
know what happened to the plane get
struck by lightning you guys know so
anyway I've landed in Phoenix Arizona
and I haven't even told you guys why I'm
here yet basically I've been invited to
this like prestigious event at Google
run it's called Google zeitgeist and
I've just pulled up a little thing that
talks about it
it says Google zeitgeist events are a
series of intimate gatherings of top
global thinkers and leaders explore the
ideas that affect us social economic
political and cultural surroundings hear
perspectives from industry pioneers and
States people renowned writers bloggers
scientists artists activists and
musicians learn from progressive minds
and discuss topics that influence the
world around us that is pretty awesome
and I've been invited along to
specifically showcase some of the 360
video stuff I've been doing is it's kind
of like pioneering in that space and I'm
sure that we other like VR things there
and so now I'm pretty excited I don't
really know what to expect
I think I'm supposed to be going
straight from the airport to an event I
don't even know I'm supposed out a suit
I just landed at Phoenix Airport and
yeah I just I just read through the
emails and a you the person I should be
like kind of reaching out to you just to
find some stuff out from you wanted to
be wearing it like a soup agree wear
casual clothing
yeah good thanks well I have my name
badge that's a good start
I'm with a youtube crew let's be
adventurous all right I have no idea
what this is
seems to be just like a party I'm going
to see if they have any snacks I can
jump into alright guys I'll come true to
the sandbox area where they're
showcasing the 360 video look at this
setup there's five projectors and
there's like the cylindrical room and
they projected my Romania 360 video
around it I listen to now this is
amazing
six psycho
ah
in each of us there is a need to dream
explore and build but what does it take
to create the next idea industry or even
a movement that will drive us
collectively forward as I close 2015
will bring together the creators of
today the visionaries of tomorrow to
discuss what is needed to make the next
giant leap in terrific this is a
software powering the whole thing it's
pretty fascinating so go check this out
this is like an interactive thing and it
uses motions
my singles
you can see what I'm doing but I'm like
tilt in my hand and it's like see that
to Taj Mahal this is fascinating stuff
guys I can't wait to show it to people
tomorrow what I found out tonight is
that most guests here like basically
Google invite their biggest clients
globally so they're like big CEOs of all
the big companies and everything and as
they come in and out of the conference
will be here and will be able to show
off what YouTube are doing and my
content and I'll be able to like talk to
people and us answer questions about
boys and I bring my little 360 cameras
are show em and chat ballot so what's be
here early though I've told me it's
still I get seven but they look again at
8 a.m. which is really early but it's
going to be worth it and there's gonna
be some very interesting people hanging
around which becomes of me good
networking opportunity I think
I am seriously tired I'm jet-lagged
because I'm three hours behind New York
time so it's probably like 1:00 or 2:00
in the morning now and I stayed up
literally all night editing so I'm gone
I need to check in I'm thinking this
place might have a hot tub ah finally in
bed I am so ready to sleep I will show
you guys around a bit more and there's
like I sing tomorrow I'm still not sure
what I'm allowed to film but they seemed
pretty children me filming today and the
more I find out and people I meet stuff
I'll obviously tell you guys things
maybe we can meet some cool people
tomorrow and yeah I feel very honored
and privileged to have been invited to
this seems like a really big deal it
seems like a legit important like
exclusive events I it's nice to have
been included maybe I can do some more
events and things with their Google and
YouTube we can like partner up and stuff
it's nice to feel a part of the bigger
thing you know right um we can chat more
about my I'm gonna sleep now I'll
caching the money peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure boom
