hi my name is Andy I'm now at the German
1c and you're watching fun for Louie
good morning guys I'm about to head off
from Brooklyn today
Rachel's in the apartment working and
I'm gonna head over to see Jesse and
Jeana for some lunch
hey man I'm good
we're confused because everything says
it's like the food court but it's not
real for just like vegan poor I'm sorry
I'm sorry about this and they still
weirded out that they're in some
apartment in New York so what are their
names
this one NOLA
I love they're like the spots what breed
today hey let's tuck in well wonder what
they make a meatballs out what did you
get
how does a chicken Southwest mr. turkey
yeah okay yeah
and it's like fake cheese as well I
think I've got mine that's so like
interested in everything yeah wonder is
there fooled into thinking its mate to
not mean like that well you can just
feed it like carrots and still drive
cats are so naughty I think that's why I
like him do it no we're just sniffing
around though it's so good that is hi
you guys just destroy your cameras
what's the most valuable thing there
yeah very exciting news guys they
coconut milk in Starbucks some coke
another flat white
have you had coconut milk and coffee
before is good oh we're getting all this
healthy
yeah
thanks to the coffee
they're heading off yes hopefully small
right I am now heading back to Brooklyn
and a bit more work to do right through
the stuff though there's nice coming
down and get some lunch and hanging out
just to do nuts it's always a pleasure
to hang out of those guys still want to
plan like a really cool travel bit with
it like we often go unlike the katika
trips together that we were discussing
today like something early next year
like an awesome travel thing maybe I'll
try and convince them to come along some
of the world fly are doing a very fun
we are walking down to the shops to buy
some food for a dinner party we have
invited thin his housemates him and our
friend Hayden over for some food and I'm
gonna help Rachel cook it I don't know
much about cooking but she's done a lot
of research into recipes and she's done
a really pretty shopping list I don't
know much about cooking
okay
what's first in the list
two medium onions create some more
bananas because I think we ran out
there's only one left
what is this
what
who is that you ever seen anything like
that
it looks like a squid a lemon squid that
is amazing
this is built to be below Conte when
I've been down down dolphin and my head
too bad they didn't really think this
through mermaid
check this out guys
coconut yogurt it's made from coconut
not dairy it's just so good I might need
to get I might just get to it those
coconut milk creamer
yes please
the Tonica countless voices yeah
I can't find this place is right
Oh
Rachel sent me off with a small part of
the shopping list that was been very
helpful so I got distracted shoe milk I
found the last few ingredients I think
we're making brownies are we making
brownies okay
that's what the thing chances are I'll
get James you're watching this is all
you man
why doesn't it fit is it stuck
this party's supposed to come through
Oh
we have all the shopping and we're
walking back to get started are you
confident with our cooking we'll go well
do you have wine we are back and Rachel
delegating me a job what's my job okay
how big do a nice chopper look at this
big or like this big or this big this
big this big this big this big right
I've got the knife I'm ready
I've left Rachel back of the apartment
cooking and I'm out with the boys yo and
we coming back down because we forgot to
get a pumpkin so with finding a pumpkin
I think pumpkins are probably so how you
don't fit good man good to see you in
the city
yeah it's beer man at the same time as
well buy these looks like pumpkins I
know squash pumpkins I'm just asking
Rachel what kind of pumpkin you need
she's saying pre-chopped how you doing
Hayden it's been a minute yeah I've seen
it wasn't it yeah yeah did we get for a
boy Kroy doesn't think and we hung out
with cubby yeah that's good fun I found
the pumpkin you've got such a beautiful
voice I don't know like you were just
singing some cool stuff
yeah killed it nice to meet you can see
have a good night how's it coming along
right so here's your pumpkin Wow Wow I
missed it all the cooking that is good
progress
it's only taking us about half an hour
to chop this bacon combine that back
great great to his right it's hard to
come here
dinner is served I unfortunately didn't
get to help as much of the cooking as I
hope to but I think I would have just
messed it up personally right to as much
better cooking lately let's let's see if
she did a good job I think she has let's
get what do you guys think of the meal
these boys are off see later bye thanks
for coming
good job dinner party success yeah yeah
well it's been a fantastic evening great
food awesome conversations and it's been
nice to hang out some of my friends
today I feel like I've been locked away
inside doing my editing and stuff so
it's good to see people and Rachel was
very kind to do all the clicking I
wanted to contribute but I guess I just
we got distracted having to go and buy
the pumpkin and I helped repair some of
it but it was good it's just perfect
perfect night
I'm heading to bed now tomorrow more
work but also I'm excited to be a part
of something youtuber doing so I'm
heading over to the YouTube New York
creative space tomorrow afternoon it's
gonna be my first time having visited
there and yeah I will catch you the
money
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
