we are from Poland amethyst Bastian and
Fabien currently we are in Spain in
Ronda we are watching parfume good
morning guys
we are heading off we're leaving Chris
Terry heading to Cluj
and hopefully wouldn't stop free ziggy
shuara this beautiful little town on the
way but we're running a little bit late
we're just about to leave the car and
then philip realizes left his keys in
the car and locked it so we're gonna
have to break this part
I like I like doing
then let me discourage but it's just got
screwdriver wings helping us out I found
this metal pole on the floor
and it would be perfect but it's not
long enough unfortunately this this
other random guy's stuff and he's
bringing his mate I love that all the
locals are trying to help what I think
this would happen in England at all the
kids community spirit here you found a
coat hanger
yeah this is perfect
okay I'll go to bed
this guy is one of the biggest Romanian
youtubers just shooting his latest vlog
yes brother
we're picking out postcards and getting
another postcard for my granny this
house behind me was where Count Dracula
was born check out Vlad Dracula also
known as Vlad the Impaler 1431 till 1435
he lived here
to get coffee in Dracula's house yes
this is changed so much
hello
so some of you may not know but Count
Dracula was an actual real person and I
used to these people stick them on poles
like that it's pretty gruesome isn't it
and from what I understand he was a
hemophiliac which meant his blood
doesn't clot so that's why there's that
myth about him and drink people's blood
because I think he did actually drink
people's blood wonder how much that guy
gets paid to sit in there all day
so hurry
to live with us it's good to see the
room that Hebrew up we're walking on
it's very narrow spiral staircase the
top of this tower New York 7400 13
kilometers Sofia the capital of Bulgaria
yes Bulgaria well that is very creepy
little voodoo dolls oh my gosh
time to roll
wicked
we've arrived at the airport with their
with time to spare
but I reached into my pocket to find my
passport I put in my pocket this morning
and it's not there and I'm really
baffled because I don't lose my passport
so I'm gonna have to check from my bags
but I'm a little bit worried because I
can't run they're putting in my bag so I
might drop two out of my pocket guys
I've searched all of my bags
a part of its not that the only thing I
can think is when I was running around
this morning when we were going up the
clock tower or Dracula's house it fell
out my pocket so the guys are ringing
ringing those places and seeing as I've
had anything handed in but either way I
almost definitely missed this flight the
girls have to go through maybe see you
back in England or it might be in
standard in Romania for a week and I'm
not going to see UK it's been amazing
this great food to come out yeah guys it
looks like you're stuck with me yeah
Lucas is found the exact place in
siddeshwar oh where we just stopped to
the tower and he's speaking to someone I
think I may have dropped it in the
bathroom unfortunately that was like two
hours away so we're screwed
at least maybe it looks like maybe we
found it is it they found it I found it
Riya they found it but
in the bathroom I think that was so
clumsy guys dropped in the bathroom miss
my flight
search to see if there's a flight
leaving tonight there is a guy waiting
in city shuara with my passport with
researching other flights back to the UK
is so annoying
it doesn't little I'll be able to fly to
her tomorrow morning house yeah that's a
big mess up so guys you gonna get my
passport it's another like four or five
hours of driving spits goes back there
and then back here again so we're gonna
stop up for some food four hits right
yeah it's an unexpected road trip yeah
right
I got mashed beans and some kind of
vegetable casserole which is so
delicious Tenace out it's awesome dinner
is done we're headin off just for head
off guys just need to explain to them we
were staying outside of Italy
but these nuts is up there look at this
guys blowing a four and someone's
blowing a whistle and they've been
blowing them non-stop for the last like
hour and a half probably and it's
ridiculous it was so annoying we have to
go inside I'm guessing he's scaring the
birds away I think that's what he's
trying to do that guy's still going
we just arrived back in Swedish whare
and this guy has got my passport FLE I
think this might be a policeman and he's
had this possible hand again
thank you so much thank you
oh well educate our here
I do love Romania
I'll have it stay for one more day
because that guy means I can keep
traveling know that I don't have to get
emergency passport from Bucharest and
then I would have had to stay in the UK
for maybe even a couple of weeks to get
placement possible so thankfully two
hours so we just did over two hours from
the airport back to here and now we've
got another two hours all right Luke's
ourselves just kindly let me stay
tonight
and yeah then we've got my flight books
tomorrow I'm gonna be chilling tonight
but I'm just happy I'm sad to tear this
guy back we drove all day and we've
finally arrived with our ice back at
Lucas's I am staying here for the night
and a spare room and tomorrow his mum
has kindly offered to give me a lift
back to the airport which is quite a
long way but Lucas and Phillip have been
absolute legends these last few days
coming out to help in Cristero and just
with the project and obviously today
just all the driving all the driving to
recover my passport and the phone calls
and stuff so I'm gonna be some sorted it
could have gone a lot lot worse tomorrow
I'm heading back to the UK and I think
I'm going over the weekend with my
parents before heading off for the next
adventure
all right I'm very tired obviously in
the morning peace out enjoy life The
Adventure Bay
