what's up guys my name's Russell oh and
I'm in Madrid Spain right now and you
are watching fun fillory' boom it is a
beautiful morning in Kirsty we were
wandering down to grab some breakfast
and we are heading over to the gypsy
village where Mike is building a house
with his friends they they went a like
8:00 a.m. so we said would meet him over
there Hey how you doing
we've just arrived at the chief Elva I'm
taking a stroll down now to to meet the
team
my friends Tim he's been working in this
area for years like 20 years and I met
him in the vlog two years ago when we
came here and he said quite a lots
changed I actually did a little
fundraiser with you guys two years ago
and you donated I think like a thousand
pounds and we contributed towards I
think we built like the roof of a house
and yeah just have been supporting the
work happening in the village here so
hopefully we can support them a little
bit more
hello hello Tim hey then dolphin it this
is the English team who have come for
the second year running to build a house
yeah is Mike at this team it's Mike
there is hello my wasn't it's quite big
yeah that's good like it's counseling to
do
so these the business wit for the race
yeah allowance length yeah
to refill in the chainsaw
what we found there Roya there's some
geese and there's a sheep over there
check his sheep out hello mr. sheepy
looking good
hey you good hairdresser I'm showing
some of the kids my dreads
and they live in this house which is
outside and so we want to to take this
house down completely and rebuild it so
Tim was just explaining a few months ago
there was a tragic accident and six of
the villagers here died it was in a car
accident and it's just being them just
very difficult for the villagers here
very very hard for them and his brother
was the driver in that accident that
killed seven people
very very sad and he live here and this
young man here whose crime LT was the
drivers oldest and so his mother was
left as a sort of river area but a widow
if you like with three two okay
yes him his younger brother who is going
blind Perry is the mother of Mickey who
you remember was the light and soul of
every party that was killed in that car
crash
Mickey was Clara's only son she had a
son and a daughter and Mickey and his
girlfriend were going to provide another
grandchild his bearish daughter already
has a little girl and Clarry was it was
really really hard but she's a really
kind lady she every day she makes soup
for the English team though I'm gonna
link the video below in the description
from two years going us here and we were
looking at this particular building and
Tim was explaining that it needed repair
work so that was the first one they
worked on and you guys donated I think
and this is the the outcome
it's a real struggle to to feed them and
to keep their clothes clean and the good
excuse for not going to school is
haven't got any clean clothes one of the
problems is work because they don't have
an education so they don't have a
diploma so they can't get working if
you've got a diploma you can more easily
get work some of them go to school
regularly you know he goes to school
regularly this one day Luca was at
school yesterday but today said he
hasn't got any clean clothes his parents
just disappeared three days ago hungry
and him and his three sisters I asked
him if we were to raise some money what
we should raise money for in this
village and he told me this is the house
that needs the most repair done to it
but actually probably needs tearing down
and rebuilding he was explaining earlier
that the the guy that lives here gotta
live in Titus and has to sleep on this
mattress every night and there's I think
four children living here with him this
is bad this is really bad I think what
I'm gonna do guys is I'm gonna leave a
link below where you can donate some
money it's gonna cost two and a half
thousand pounds which is like I don't
know like four thousand dollars or
something to build a brand new house if
we can raise that and replace this house
that would be incredible and I'll if we
raise the money I'll keep you guys
updated maybe I'll come back out here
and show you the finished house maybe we
could even come out here and help build
it but the urgency is it gets really
really cold here like devastatingly cold
in a few months and so if we could raise
that money
as soon as possible they could actually
get the house built before the winter
really kicks in and then this guy we're
gonna have to sleep out here in the cold
well the guys are finished for the day
they've almost completed me some more
work on the roof but they've run out of
time unfortunately
good job lads impressive looks great
guys
last to photo all the boys and kids are
sitting on the wall but the term word
camera taking the time lapse over there
we're leaving the village we're heading
back to you Chris Terry
he's very enthusiast the kids grab hold
of the car you might want to get off
sit down to dinner with the team
it's going to the great choking some
kids I said well today is an incredible
day guys they're in moving hearing some
of the stories and it's mr. Tim of
sharing and saying the village and just
people's lives here in this part of
Romania this isn't what the whole of
Romania's like I know last time I was
here some people felt it wasn't an
accurate portrayal of the whole country
this is just a very small part of
Romania
it's a Hungarian speaking part of
Romania and it's a gypsy village that we
visited so tomorrow we're going to be
visiting another part a place called
siggy shuara which is where Dracula was
born Vlad Dracula I died I don't know
what the pronunciation is but okay we're
gonna go check out his castle tomorrow
and then we're heading back to the UK so
like I said earlier as well if you want
to contribute to helping some of the
people at the village
and trying get houses in like proper
neck for them for the winter just so
there ain't one to survive for me I
think it's a basic human need to have a
warm dry house so something we can help
with and it'd be amazing if you guys
wanted to again the link is below and oq
got David with the progress with that
but yeah I will see you in the morning
peace now enjoy life and live the
adventure
