I'm Chantal we're from Melbourne
Australia and at the moment we're in Koh
Samui Thailand and you're watching fun
for Louise good morning guys we we
packed our bags and jump in a taxi and
we're now heading back to the airport
I'm flying to New York Breyer is flying
to Bulgaria to see some of their
relatives yeah life is just a little
stopped traveling above it which it
usually is but this has been very very
fast
the news can be fun I'm being Rachel and
we are working on a project a secret
project which I will tell you about at
some point I've been dropped off at
Terminal 3 Rhys heading to terminal 4
have a nice time in Bulgaria see you in
a week Thanks I'm gonna check him
so I've managed to get one of these
special cards which means I'm allowed in
some of the lounges big airports it
doesn't mean that were flying first
class or anything it doesn't mean I can
relax is luxury before I get on flight
I'm gonna go check out this lounge and
see what it's like I'm hoping it's a
fast internet because I had a problem
with my log render last night why not
late again over there first stop coffee
well it's pretty nice I could pay for a
massage but I just did some editing and
stole the nettle
right now I need to stop planning to get
here a lot earlier so I can enjoy the
lounges now but this color I think
that's a good plan
this is where I really miss my penny
board or longboard I need to collect my
longboard and Jerome's elected that's
not the new
relationshipgoals guys relationshipgoals
Tan's get flight bad news these guys
know it's no power no way for watching
my laps or what editing I do have a
cunning man like whatever training this
before but this is a battery pack on my
laptop
which give their full charge
be playing a little bit so I think the
works
there's my seat guys all the legwork yes
they the gender good afternoon that not
welcomes John Kennedy
it's just the bridge testifying
like the variety of JFK and IFC toward
my uber to Brooklyn to meet Rachel I am
pleasantly surprised by the weather
this is smoking much nicer than I
imagined I'm sure I saw it whose stormy
in New York like a winter day I'm glad
the solitaire and this wall
and COO I can throw my bag in the back
here
thank you did you get the destination
thank you hello guys it's Rachel how I
get in like an hour why I'm here New
York City
check out the Airbnb hey Cho how are you
when did you arrive yesterday
how sad this is sick you can play the
piano oh what a nice desk area as well
we can ride a bike
yeah where am i sleeping on the sofa
we've left our place and we've come out
for some food I looked online and found
this place the Loving Hut let's check
out Oh cash-only I don't have any cash
okay
guys I got a veggie burger and it's got
pretend bacon in it I see how this is
it tastes like me what is this those
kids
rejoice the name but they did not know
whatever other business what is that
what is that outside our apartment it's
nice
well I've had a lovely evening caption
up with Rachel jetlag is hit me very
hard because it's like 4:00 a.m. UK time
now and I think I'm asleep last night
and I thought I'd be taking more this
evening so this vlog has been pretty
non-eventful it's just been traveling
all day but that's my day that's what
I've done today but it's great to be
here I'm looking forward to spending
real-time Brooklyn and not in Manhattan
as much as I will pop in to go and hang
out with Casey hopefully and Jerome and
Finn but it's gonna be it's gonna be a
good week it's gonna be a lot of working
unfortunately getting some things ready
I'm editing a video for buffer Festival
in Toronto so it's been a bit of time on
that I'm also working on some projects
with Rachel which I'll tell you about as
they happen yeah it's good it's good to
get things done and I'll keep you guys
in the loop I'll keep you guys updated
alright I'll see in the morning
and peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
