good afternoon guys it's another late
start to the day
we've just being chilling hitting some
cafes in Bondi this morning and yeah
another late night for me but we finally
got out and we've come down to this area
called buck loose which is like a little
National Park area and it's like right
across the bay and the harbor from it's
kind of the main part of Sydney so we
can see that the bridge in the Opera
House from here and we've met up with
Antonio local he's taken us for a little
stroll
guys check out this incredible beetle so
beautiful yeah I love it I absolutely
love it this little hood yeah wouldn't
you love this yeah oh you weren't like a
yeah okay we've just crossed into the
National Park area and this is beautiful
here guys like it feels a lot calmer
than the other side of the bay and yeah
very wealthy
the houses are insane but there's some
really nice little beaches tucked away
with people just chill in and I think
because it's a weekday in the afternoon
as well it's like it's not like a
weekend it's not crowded down there I
think this would be a nice spot to do a
day trip in it just yeah you get
everyone down here picnic blankets
everywhere straight view of the
fireworks
check this tree out we get these
buttress roots this is amazing this is a
very very cool tree okay we are dumping
on a ferry now we're heading over to
circular keys
this is cool
this is super fast
nice still with we're tracking back
along the same route that we just walked
guys so this whole kind of coastal path
here
this is just so nice
it's been a while since I've been here
contramar Harlem I think under say like
three years I feel like the last time I
was here was probably
with Contiki yeah maybe over three years
ago
and then of you guys saw those vlogs but
we were running around doing little
challenges and
yeah I just remember running around
those stairs we were literally the only
people on the boat I love it how cool is
this boat ride
the Opera House yeah very iconic
okay Antonio has had to leave he was an
awesome tour guide that's really nice I
haven't seen that part of Sydney before
so it's nice boom shots around thanks
mate if you watch it and we have left
him and we're walking through the
Botanical Gardens right now the Sun has
set
clouds looking pretty beautiful then
we're gonna wander back over that
direction
this guy's got a proper tracker bye guys
if any of you've seen my draw my life
video I've referenced this like trip I
did to Australia when I was like I don't
know how I was like in my early 20s and
I ended up sleeping homeless for a week
in Sydney and I just walked right to the
spot where I slept homeless that is the
bush that I lived in I wonder if there's
still like a little remnants I had like
a little cardboard box yeah
look in there that's why I slipped
crazy it was like great power from the
one time it started raining I had a
little sleeping bag I had a cardboard
box underneath me and then I had a
sleeping bag and then there's like a
water fountain down there and I'd wander
down in my laptop I even have my laptop
with me I'd wander down with my laptop
so like a shopping mall we'll do some
work and then come back home and evening
and then on my last day I stayed in one
of these big hotels and I remember
looking down at me the bitch that I used
to sleep in I was like this is surreal
going homeless - flying here yeah yeah
that's quite a traumatic difference
all right we're gonna jump in an uber
we're heading to dinner now
well we had another lovely evening with
Rachel good Indian food it's delicious
it did dawn on me during the melee that
I am job like beyond exhausted and even
though we slept this morning just
getting pulling these all-nighters
trying to keep up to date with the edits
it's just taking its toll so I'm gonna
get an early night tonight we're gonna
make the most of our day tomorrow cuz I
think it could be our last full day in
Sydney so we've got some plans like I
said up I've actually managed to borrow
Rachel's car now because we was
struggling to find a rental car place
yeah should be an earlier start and yeah
I'm enjoying just the slower pace the
last couple of days and just
recuperating a little bit and then yeah
we're gonna continue the adventure
heading to New Zealand next yeah
JP is gonna catch up this family it's
yeah it's gonna be it's gonna be a fun
week I'm just looking forward to having
a good night's sleep tonight
right see in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
