hi guys I'm Nesta on the beautiful Greek
island of Eros Greece and you're
watching fun for Louie and joy good
morning guys we've just made some lunch
and then we're about to head off to the
airport um me and Ryan booked a
last-minute trip to Marrakesh in Morocco
we wanted to have some warm weather and
we were going to go to the Caribbean and
apparently there's loads of storms over
in the Caribbean so it's rainy so we
thought let's look around Europe and
Africa stuff we found out that Marrakesh
is awesome weather this week so we've
got a flight to catch
in about an hour so I'm going to tuck
into this before we head off thanks to
the left
we were heading through security and
we're jumping on like a four-hour flight
I think this running a little bit late
as usual at it I don't think I'm ever
not running like thanks we looking
forward to Marrakesh yeah I wanted to go
I love how we just started on this with
10 hours I know
yeah it's like 2:00 in the morning
wasn't it so random I think this is I
think this is up there in one of the
most spontaneous trips are fun
going on
about heroin
nice Jasmine that one - Marcus may know
make extra cash data services on a
handheld electronic devices
oh my god
we've arrived in Morocco if you're just
gonna jump in a cab now to the place
we're staying just negotiating of the
sky the sea trying to haggle so after a
few arguments to the taxi drivers we've
finally got a reasonable fee and we're
jumping in with this guy Thanks
with her
driving through these streets it
honestly feels like this could have been
hundreds of years ago like some of the
buildings just like so ancient it was
like horse and cart five but we're
number three another trade maybe we're
in there okay sound
hello okay guys it's been a development
we've just arrived at the place we're
staying at Riya Bert's on Airbnb and she
just said um she just said our there's a
problem with the booking and I was like
oh my what could it be
problem is they're full up here but the
solution she's given us is that they own
a few places and there's a place which
has been more expensive with a jacuzzi
and we might have to stay there instead
so I don't really think that's a problem
I think that's a pretty awesome turn of
events are you excited yeah yeah she was
like is this okay show me pictures I was
like yeah I think it's okay it's fine I
think that's the best problem I ever got
the problem is we're gonna have to
upgrade you to a jacuzzi
okay
it's a tiny door hello
ah this is awesome
we have left our little house and we are
wandering spies like to eat in the main
square
we've been directed this way
but we don't really know where we're
going we think it's roughly in the
scrotum oh that's the sign of different
but yes donkey
oh hey man how are you doing hey don't
bite me bro we were actually just on a
mission to get food but it's very
tempting to stop off because there's so
much to explore here but I think we're
going to leave that for tomorrow and
have a proper explore around tomorrow I
kind of want to buy a drum I travel in
the drum but they have awesome drums I
have just bought a SIM card a Moroccan
SIM card it's pretty slow guys it's like
point 1 Meg upload so on this reset see
if I can find a path to Cimarron in the
meantime we're going to go say to eat we
found this cool vegetarian Moroccan
restaurant
it's a light music as well just like
rose petals on their table and
everything guys check this juice out I
don't even know what it is what is it
it's crazy I love how its separated guys
look how hard we're winning
vegetable soup eggplant salad aubergine
this amazing drink don't even know
what's in it
this is so good be happy Riya it's kind
of surreal and we here with this at this
time last night we didn't know where we
better come and they stay together very
nicely like our vegetable two genes have
arrived
thank you Thanks oh yeah
thank you thank you what look at those
boring skills
Thank You cheers Raya
that was fantastic amazing guys I'm them
I'm thinking this is going to be our
regular spot food there's only like ten
minutes away from where we're staying
and it's not right in the main square
like the most touristy part so it's
pretty bad bet we just bought some dates
and some almonds again all the healthy
snacks got bunch of bananas we are good
to go
it's crazy to me that it's like midnight
and most of these shops are still open
and I think the reason that they're
still open it's been it's because people
live in their shop so we just select in
one of the shops and there's like even
watching TV in the back they just will
crowd around like a family watching TV
and then
here's another a shopfront oh there's an
old lady fast asleep and then she had
all of these items laid out on the floor
like that she was selling like now a
business stuff another guy doing
carpentry I don't like it it's such a
different way of life - I guess what I'm
used to or grow up no way
but it is similar to other places are
being like India is similar to this I'm
saying like parts of Cuba for a bit like
this
this might even be more normal if you
look globally there's a very city's
especially like a late night kind of
vibe where people are just working
through the night doing their little
thing whether they're traders
to make money somehow
we're back at a little house I'm in my
room and I'm feeling good about being in
Morocco
it's exciting little getaway I've got a
lot of stuff planned over the next
couple of months so we thought why not
find somewhere fun to go for a week and
do a bit of exploring and have a bit of
chill time so we are here and yeah it's
gonna be great a few days I will catch
you guys tomorrow for some market
exploring I'm actually been this is my
third time at Marrakesh in Morocco I
don't know if I've been on a vlog before
but here I am so we can explore it
together
I see the morning peace out enjoy life a
little adventure
