Oh guys I'm doing another 360 video we
are in the Romanian village of check if
Alva and there's a team of lads here
helping build a house they've made some
progress looking pretty good have a look
around we found there what's your name
I'm Louie thank bellacor nice to meet
you
our friend Tim is gonna give us a tour
around village this house is the next
one that we want to rebuild here behind
Louie has four children young people and
they all live in this house which is in
fact this half of this building and the
man himself who actually suffers from
Eliot elephantiasis sleeps on that
mattress outside here behind this house
is belongs to this little one here whose
goodest van and his older brother
Olli cook and he's got an older sister
and parents both of whom have been in
Hungary for a long time and left him and
his brother
yeah here and it may well be that the
lady in the house next door looks after
them but she's got four children and her
husband's also in Hungary so she's
looking after four Varenne children plus
Easter and when I say looking after it's
a real struggle to to feed them and to
keep their clothes clean
wonderful is that for the Gypsy
population it is very little work
because they don't have an education so
they don't have a diploma so they can't
get work easily if you've got a
deferment you can more easily get work
okay yeah some of them go to school
regularly he does he goes to school
regularly this one belukha was at school
yesterday but today said he hasn't got
any clean clothes his parents just
disappeared three days ago two hungry
and left him and his three sisters to
sort of look after themselves
hello hello hello coffee I'm Louie
this house is Mario's and cottage house
they have three little girls and their
very small son who's family behind Larry
Betty it used to be just back that they
see in there so all six of them would
sleep there we then extended this into a
little bit of a kitchen here but this is
the main man here this is Andre who does
all the building in the village and it's
really hard work job and he reckons to
build a house including paying him
because his family to the carpet he's
got a wife and two boys there's only two
and a half thousand pounds for the house
yeah I think this is one of the the
poorest villages in the area and there's
not many places like this in the
European Union let's struggle with this
level of poverty hello
Oh
this is crazy why can the team have done
very well in the house it's not quite
finished the roof needs to be completed
but if you have connected in any way
having a tour of the village today and
want to get involved with supporting the
people living here and the continuing
projects to build different houses and
repair stuff then you can donate below
or leave a link but hopefully you've
felt some kind of connection and the
experience of 360 I feels quite
immersive so tell me what you think
below whether you feel a bit more
connected with the people living here
experiencing in this way I think it's
pretty awesome I'm going to try and do
some more videos like this
