and I'm sure I'm from the UK and I'm
from New Zealand and we are currently in
Rome outside the Coliseum and you're
watching good morning guys
I just woken up and been doing a little
bit of editing and now me and Lucas are
gonna be filming some vines he's pretty
good at special effects and stuff so
he's we're gonna we're gonna do some fun
fun vines he's the guy on vine that you
like the magician guy he's the magician
Zach king yeah we're gonna film outside
wow so many goldfish what we're filming
with Lucas is basically things appearing
and disappearing and floating and stuff
in the video and he corrected me it's
not special effects it's visual effects
which is computer-generated effects so
he's gonna be playing around with that
he's an island I'll link you to his vine
and his youtube and stuff so you can
check them out so this is Lucas house
where I stayed last night like I said
yesterday you can only let me stay
because I miss my flight but into the
whole passport Fiasco we're gonna chill
here for another half an hour maybe and
then head off to the airport we're going
via some salt mines there's some amazing
salt mines in Romania so we're gonna
come visit one of those
so one of the roads was closed and
unfortunately we can't make it a salt
mine today
I don't visit next time I'm here in
Romania but we have stopped in a city
called Alba and this is the old town in
Alva so we're gonna have a little
explore here this looks beautiful this
is a drawbridge right now listen
so you spin those wheels and that lifts
up and this was all filled with water
this whole channel down here is a
massive moat around this around this
village someone's filming with the drain
Lucas let
is that like a secret doorway
my sword is a bit wonky
what is that Jesus with a sword
mm-hmm I don't think Jesus had a sword
with stuffing Fredo snack sorry this is
a Hungarian delicacy using a hairdryer
what does collect I've never seen
someone cooking with a hair dry before
yeah I get that bad so we just poured
nuts all over there the sugary Freddy
thing
cheers Lucas yes yes well my glasses
didn't quite fit on him oh yeah she's
rocking those glasses
I awesome beard this guy is serious
litter this spare guy someone slap the
end of a sphere off this statue here
this guy's taking a selfie look take a
selfie why can gather this is all like
Romanoff axschat us out like all these
pillars and the old statues and stuff
I'd love to be an archaeologist and like
dig up old ruins and then like try and
figure out what the history of them
where are we pretty awesome
I was just saying to Lucas it would have
been so crazy living in a time and an
age where you had to protect your
village and let's build like walls and a
moat to stop invasion we live in such a
different world now I mean the some
areas the world where there's still
conflicts but in general it's a
protected village of the world this kind
doing I give them a little sleep Lucas
oh yes cannons can we fire one of these
cannons hello thoughts on what I hope
was the local media
and fire thank you nice check have a
dungeon want to go inside I did nothing
that would be open
I wonder if this was luck matter dungeon
where he will look done stuff so guys in
the 60s 70s and 80s there was like an
evil dictator in Romania called Charles
chef scoop
yeah Chesky and he he was like at the
peak of communism here wasn't a great
guy but did some crazy things here in
Romania what was the thing that you show
me
so the problem box by these two
apartment blocks they were just like
United yeah doing
yeah and she just divided them like
moved the whole block or he lifted them
up on the way home family these
development blocks he lit put on wheels
and then shifted either side it seems
like a lot of work yeah because why a
church yeah big George he wants to have
a good view of the church perfectly
we're back in the car and we're gonna
have a closer look at his apartment
blocks
say were these built during the
Communist era yeah they were back in the
60s or something yeah sixties so he but
there were two buildings one year Dadar
yeah and you put little wheels yeah boy
lifting them up and cranes or something
well I've never heard of buildings been
lifted on two wheels and moved across
before C's been crazy seems like a lot
of effort
the air for every 24 hours later as I
was walking across realizing after never
possible
it's time to go through so my flight
these guys are off thanks for having me
go and check out Lucas's channel he's
just got a new channel he set up so he's
going to be putting up like visual
effects videos and stuff like that but
bro it's been an amazing week and I'll
catch you next time in Romania yeah see
well that's one of the fastest entries
into the UK have had straight through
customs first of the play
and now I'm gonna go meet my mom and
Raya who kindly come to collect me so
Raya and my dad have come to pick me up
hey Dad
I've arrived back and waiting for me is
this amazing vegan meal I'm I'm so
excited Leno's be free roasted potatoes
wealth is in there dad sweet potatoes
roasted carrots Gospels are awesome
thanks
oh we are sitting watching rise Lakes
blog ice her time in Amsterdam
the Aussies friend Aria and is here he's
staying the night as well we've got a
sleepover going on and him and Riya
practicing yoga positions I don't know
how this started but this is very
amusing
right yeah
what's the Flamingo it's nice to back in
the UK
finally it's nice to be hanging out with
my family and I am going to majorly
relax over this weekend I'm gonna get
some sleep now I've got a lot of editing
to do got a lot of 360 edits today and
yeah lots of exciting things to come oh
catch in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
