weird a thornton family from North
Carolina and we're here in Joshua Tree
California and you're watching for Lois
good morning guys
we had a great night's sleep in their
tiny home and we've been playing with
the ghosts of it this morning check out
these guys we did a little 360 video
with them which is cool we are sadly
heading off and leaving dusty and Kevin
today but it's been incredible I can't
wait to come visit again Kevin is just
that they've got little presents yeah we
just made a little lavender and mint tea
from the garden Wow oh oh
I'll call weights doing this some people
say that none of the lavender farmers
during the Black Plague got it because
it would wrap it around their wrists and
stuff yeah camphor that's what's fun oh
nice all right well we're gonna be super
healthy then
we just told dr. Kevin that when we get
our land finally they're gonna come over
we can actually host them and they can
also give us some help with setting up a
little cabin I'd love to do that thanks
for having us guys it was amazing and we
loved your tiny home that's awesome
thank you guys like I said yesterday if
you want to see more of Duffing Kevin go
and check their channel out they film
their life here and it's awesome so it's
going to subscribe to them and yeah
let's to UI scene Wow let's hit the road
it's the final day of the Toyota
roadtrip we're heading back to San
Francisco tonight we're actually going
via Sacramento to visit some friends as
well but it's been an incredible week
we've visited to the top places we've
wanted to in the u.s. Yellowstone and
Tahoe and those have been on top of my
bucket list for a while to go to I'd
also love to know for you guys what the
top place is that you haven't been that
you'd love to go if you could tweet me a
picture and use the hashtag let's go
places then I can find them and I'll
favorite ones that I like the look of
and maybe they'll inspire the next road
trip we do but yeah it's it's been great
and we're gonna hit off let's go let's
go robot doll Roberta are you ready yes
guys we put the 360 camera in the back
and we just did a little passenger
experience shot where you guys could
Ernie with us and the Wonder wagon also
Dave's trying out the lavender tea I
already I already finished mine it's
amazing
Thank You dusty thank you have it I
can't homegrown bright I can't take that
is well okay it's so good how many
parodies well good for you as well break
Kevin said it stops you getting the
black fade back in the black came in
we just pulled either guys take a few
out
guys Dave's been a bit of a legend again
he's done the whole stint staff memo in
a couple of hours of driving it's warm
it's variable we we did we had some fun
to film in like a little 360 guy Cameron
thing like telling me oh you having some
good conversations and we're now back
into civilization
it's kind of weird have been driving
through like either deserts or forest
for the whole week say it's weird to see
buildings and other cars and jeep and
stuff
yeah it's good we're gonna we're gonna
go visit quite a Rachel who owned that
wine bar now I visited fairly recently
with Raya and then
whenever last November as well I went
but anyway they bet old friends of ours
and we're gonna we're gonna spend the
afternoon with them we've arrived
I'll get some lunch I've got lots of
vegetables avocados and stuff Kyle's
here no Rachel how are you guys doing
yeah looking forward to hanging out
where we're heading Dave it's a massage
town besides we're gonna get the out
massage before we get out tonight
we just come out on massage that was the
perfect start the evening we're now
heading into Sacramento downtown to grab
some food I'm gonna go and see some jazz
as well that was your massage Dave well
I'm still waking up bro but amazing my
quads were burning from all those
mountain climbs
yeah those hard Melanie character did
are so far
come on I swear the judges
putting it back into South Stone
in a time
we've had a great night
reminiscing yeah
just old stories memories really cool
really cool guys you ready to head back
to San Francisco I'm ready to sleep in
the back whilst you drive bro oh thank
you man
boy it's nice hanging out I will make a
plan for next year yeah big trip all
right let's do this Dave
go straight to sleep okay it's the last
fuel stop of the trip just filling the
Wonder wagon up to get us down to San
Francisco we've got a couple of hours on
the road I think if that means we're
gonna be arriving in about 2 a.m. which
is pretty late
me and David got a few meetings to go to
you tomorrow
I think I can make it I'm not super
tired and I just had four cups of coffee
after dinner so I'm pretty wired we're
finally back in San Francisco it's like
3:00 in the morning a little bit later
than we hoped we'd get back but it's
been incredible it's been a fun little
trip and me and Dave have been talking
quite a bit about doing more trips and
what that could look like and also is
there a way to involve you guys some of
you asked me you know how can you do
road trips or what's the best way to
travel and we were just thinking of an
idea could we arrange some kind of big
road trip where some of you guys could
join us and convoy to a location so let
me know below there's places around the
world that could be easy for us as a
kind of group to convoy across I know
there's a few organized kind of big
rallies like the Mongol Rally that's
England to Mongolia I think we could
start off a bit smaller obviously a few
years ago look you know I did the
rickshaw run which is organized by the
same group that do the Mongol Rally and
we went across India but I think if we
start off I don't know I'm thinking
either Europe or America maybe later in
the year or next year and we could do we
could do a fun trip like a fun for Louie
roadtrip but yeah let me know what you
guys think below whether that's a cool
idea and you know this is just us like
thinking so it's just an idea at the
moment but yeah let us know and yeah I
guess and we've got a quite cool week
coming up and I'll let you know about
that tomorrow
but it's it's pretty exciting we're
gonna be heading out to New York and
there's a bunch of stuff happening over
but yeah sorry today hasn't been super
exciting I think a big part of road
tripping is just driving lots and lots
of driving but it's been awesome getting
some more quality time with Dave and and
also hanging out with our friends Kyle
and Rachel tonight maybe one day you'll
get to know a bit more about their story
and and why they're they're so important
in my life but I think that's for
another day yeah I think I'll sign out
there guys I'm gonna get some sleep with
Dave and I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
