hi this is Alex from Simi Valley
California I'm at Seldon pass and the
Sierra Nevada mountains and you're
watching fun for Louie boom good morning
guys is day five at the Toyota road trip
back to San Francisco we are leaving the
wand and wagon at doctor in Kevin's
house and we are heading off in their
truck to explore around the area a bit
today it's amazing California
we've just jumped out the car and we're
taking a little flight down to this war
book this is unbelievable so beautiful
and there's all these awesome little
wooden cabins overlooking this little
Valley
he says whoa baby
yes Louie that was a great save we
nearly lost Louie guys that was scary
even though it wasn't a long full I was
shaking a little bit it's like doing
those slack lines it's really wobbly
Davy you have a little drink
is it tasting it
it's actually really nice yeah really
fresh I'm a little bit thirsty - guys
I'm gonna have a little sip
damn man Larry
how is it so fresh it's not even that
cold is it literally stuck Oh Mike over
here and then we go around the lake when
we came in by fallen leaf and then now
we're right here but you can see this is
the Desolation Wilderness it's like
basically zero population Wow
we are walking around the edge of lily
Lake we're gonna go and explore it's
pretty awesome here guys we saw a beaver
dam the other side of the lake so we're
gonna go and try and find the beaver
guys check out the lake we just reach
the edge of it yes Dave we don't fall in
those getting excited this is basically
Dave's Dave's vibe and it's kind of my
bike as well like I'm not all about the
lake but this is pretty flippin awesome
to be fair yeah this is what I'm about
lake and trees so tree houses up there
would work for you pretty well whoa I'm
on a floating platform today it's my
issue is if you wanted to live on a
floating platform this is where you'd
feel like when you're walking around a
house is pretty wobbly
we're stopping off a little cafe to grab
some lunch
hello matey guys tip that squirrel out
just chirping away lunch is arrived big
fries and a veggie sandwich Mike's got
his paper to make appearing in half of
an inch
there's Mario's onions through all that
Jasmine we've left the cafe got a coffee
and we're we hadn't known Chucky do you
love living here the view Louie this is
amazing hello
oh wow we like on the ridge yeah we are
riffing now see that oh yeah oh yeah
that's where we were you see that guys
nah nah small
walking along this fallen tree and
there's this amazing root structure and
check this out I think is that they look
amazing
we have found the optimum viewing area
this is the best view of the little were
the little island so Kevin tell me what
the what was that island and what was
the little house in it because the
islands been here forever you know the
first settler they know was some old
Norwegian sailor where she would go in
the morning
like yeah we should grow out it's
probably bigger than the little house
really oh hey hey salmon Frodo
it's pretty chilly the other guys going
back to the car I'm still trying to find
some milder locations to be 360 filming
they've show me what just happened bro
and we were walking just quickly I don't
know how appropriate is but it's getting
worse that you've ripped another parody
is that the third pair can I just
suggest think maybe upping your trouser
size no I'm not conceived to go into
boom-boom I'm not saying you're
overweight but maybe we've spied a
hitchhiker so Kevin's pulled over we're
gonna give a little ride
it's it's raining outside and it's free
we're going up towards Truckee I love to
get up because everybody in Tahoe you
know that is trying to get to us we've
arrived in Reno where we're gonna be
hanging out tonight get some food
but before anything means they even
feeling little bit drowsy so we're gonna
get coffee in this trendy coffee shop is
like new it I just feel like it's a
better coffee experience if I have more
Tuesday face Cheers
no way this that's not gonna work yes
table ever
cheers guys it's an awesome beard we've
now met I was some of Kevin's friends
grab some dinner is served
they've got a voila beautiful what is
that they that's the salmon believe mr.
risotto and then some carrots and this
is we've finally found someone with good
food guys so this is vegan vegan penne I
comment it's cool bro something but it
looks very very delicious guys I got a
vegan cheesecake which I'm quite excited
about Dave said he wasn't gonna get
dessert and then he's like oh I might
try the waffles look at this Dave
it's been a fantastic day it's been
awesome just stopping off and checking
out little spots around Lake Tahoe and
some of the little lakes up there and
been able to film a few three sticks 60
shots but I'm pretty tired now and
something I'd love you guys to do is
check out dotty and Kevin's channel they
daily vlog they've been doing it a lot
longer than me and yeah they live very
interesting life here it's pretty
awesome
this area is amazing and I'm fascinated
by yeah just what they're doing it's
amazing oh it's really inspirational and
I think you guys would find the Bri
inspiration as well so I'll link their
channel top line it would be amazing for
you guys to go check him out send him
some love subscribe to their Channel but
I will hang out with them more tomorrow
and we're gonna meet their goats and
hang out with them as well a bit more
right it's bedtime I'll see in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
