hello my name is Rob I'm from the UK and
you're watching fun for Louie enjoy good
morning guys
I'm slandered in London after like a
five-hour flight I think New York and
like I was saying in yesterday's vlog
basically today is quite exciting
because I've flown out New York early I
was planning to fly out like next week
and flew out early to surprise Raya it's
her birthday in a few days she's gone to
Barcelona with a friend Tanya and I'm
gonna surprise her there and also her
friend Kate from Wyoming is heading over
so I'm going to meet Kate for a flight
out he throw this afternoon over to
Barcelona but it is only like it's not
even 9:00 a.m. so I thought I'd take the
opportunity to go and hang out my
parents my mum is
let's move from airport
hey mom
I've arrived like my parents about with
my dad he does yeah I'm popping out with
him to help him collect some wood from
somewhere my thought would make the most
of popping back to London just here just
to hang out my folks okay time to grab a
coffee before I head up as well
so before I help my dad out with
collecting his wood we have managed to
swim past this place nearby that my mum
has been at doing an aerobics class
we're gonna get some coffee and hang out
this is this is beautiful I didn't even
know this place existed
they just chop the trees down the social
arteries I then saw them all that
Western redcedar
so what are you gonna do with all the
word taking status school else to it one
just do some projects with it can I
stick out this husky hello
you are pretty dog you're a pretty girl
these are serious or something I think
I've ever been to win
Salil Orissa stop these logs on
as a big man
amazing
so those who don't know my dad works
secondary school high school and he does
design technology which involves
woodwork and carpentry and stuff please
pick up some scrap word and
that faraway worth today the projects at
school
please give each other
so what come here and get stuff at the
tree houses amazing just crazy and
luxury boots with david me finally buy
our land somewhere around here this is
where again our word this place grabbed
a few planks
my dad's gonna see is usable chalice
spider out guys
doesn't want me to touch it his web
attacking me
we have dropped the wood off turns out
the traffic's really bad on the m25 back
to Heathrow so I didn't get to hang out
for quite as long as I wanted to but
it's been a nice morning thanks for the
lift dad it's nice hanging out this
morning yeah see you next week ah well
the traffic wasn't as bad as we thought
hey I'm here with some time to spare I
sneaked it go through security and hate
will be waiting she flown all the way
from the US I think you in Wyoming and
then had another stop up somewhere
jumping the play together geyser might
be found out Darcy didn't know I was
coming back to surprise Raya so she
posted a photo of me on Twitter in a
room playing the drums and Riya saw it
so her friend Tanya just messaged me
saying that she's I think she sassed us
out I think she knows the plan which is
such a shame I was trying so hard to
keep your secret
to be fair does he didn't know so it
wasn't that fault but secrets are hard
to keep guys I've met with Kate and we
are boarding the plane with Vice I think
Wright has stuffs out I'm coming but I'm
pretty sure she has no idea that you I
don't think so
how is your flight from States it was
pretty long right I'm here yeah this is
gonna be Rory's gonna love this
are you excited hey I'm so excited
it's one tear thief I messaged her in
the plane before we two got and tried to
convince her that I was gone to Romania
already so I may have fooled her
I basically lied to her we got through
we're just about to step out and grab a
taxi to the air B&B and I just checked
my pockets and I didn't have my wallet
and I was like oh no I left my wallet on
the plane never lie I'm tired this
always happens oh I left my laptop on
the plane now I left my wallet on the
plane luckily we just call this number
and they found the wallet straight away
she's like stay who's that you where you
are I'll be there in ten minutes
so this lovely lady is bringing me my
wallet and we haven't been to helped up
thankfully I just had this nightmare
imagining the plane taking off again
going somewhere else
my wallet being on it and not be able to
get my wallet back and then being
stranded with no money but luckily that
didn't happen this kind of load he
brought me my wallet back that day is
saved we have arrived
I think
to get here before Raya and Tonya
sitting there waiting down the road
we're going to try and get in and then
reached up with
we're in the apartment I'm going to set
up some cameras to try and capture
Royer's reaction as you surprised this
up I think one it is message Tanya get
to bring wire up and the longer though
the door will be like surprise hi hello
so we're Barcelona right birthday yeah
she thinks right now we're going up to
par with my friend Beth lips in fact
we're not okay I've been writing this in
June again oh my god oh my god
are you asleep were your present wow
this is my present thank you and now you
get another one your present August in
the bedroom success guys how do so royal
hmm the girls are bonding you guys ready
for dinner
takeout yeah I'll take out food it's
just a ride there was some potential of
us going out into town tonight but we
were pretty tired in the jet also with
ride first made the order I was little
worried we wouldn't have enough so I
basically like triple the order somehow
we ordered 52 naan breads but at least
we're not gonna go hungry and then we're
snuggling up and watching a chick flick
amount of time chick flick it's like one
of the best movies okay it's a good
tingling give me all over finish each
did we get like one anyway yeah well it
was a successful day today guys and it's
been a fun evening hanging out with ryr
and the girls watch movies and eating
I'm glad everything worked out to plan
and it's nice to be here in Barcelona
we're going to spend a couple days here
exploring and celebrating Rhys birthday
and I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
