hi I'm James
we're from Northern Ireland currently in
sunny college France and you're watching
fun for thee good morning guys
me and David strolling down to grab some
breakfast luckily I didn't have to go
work out this morning I was dreading it
last night and I was this light I just
like I can't do it I just can't do it so
I texted Durham when I went to bed which
was pretty late and
do you understood nice to him so he
dodged it we dodged the workout pay
feeling Dave relief my legs don't work
even my jaw hurts I don't know how that
happened yeah it's due time it's
breakfast time and it's my last day New
York today guys
super chairs feel so good for the soul
bro
here's spinach seat this is so awesome
we've had a bite to eat we're now
heading to a meeting with a guy called
Brian Johnson who have had a lot of
amazing things about and we're
interested in
yeah it's talking about the life and
ideas and projects with yeah let's go
meet you Ben
this has been one of the most exciting
and frankly emotional conversations that
I've had in a long time why don't you
just explain who you are and what you're
up to and then we can get into some of
the stuff we've been talking about yeah
my name is Orion capsule hi founder of
OS we invest in companies that are
building technologies that are going to
define our world becoming ethically
genomics of biology artificial
intelligence exploration cooled space
then she has his sketchbook for you to
sketch out like a flying machine
couldn't actually filled with magic yeah
we can actually build say we could
imagine so if you take tools like files
we mentioned or
genomics intelligence the distance
between imagination and Croatian have
never been seen there yeah so it is
happening now that's me man actual
things in the world like what we should
be aiming towards what do you have any
kind of framework yeah kind of helps us
navigate and say this is where we should
be headed and these are the things we
should invest in yeah so my guess my guy
named mafia is the best way to do good
is to build good technology that is like
for example a lot of people pull values
and beliefs trying to solve some
problems for example if you think of
like smart phones so those initiative of
One Laptop Per child in the Atlanta that
gives the computers out and help the
kids read into the education but that
fell yeah there'd ever but they'd be
looking like smart phones did an Asian a
prophetic on the world how it changed
the access information indicates
information these people
Chinese manufacturers others trying to
have a bigger profit so I think is the
best way to do is to build good
technology and then let that flow and we
investing companies are building a good
technology solutions naturally emerge
what's his face we'll see what else
happens here because I feel like feel
like there's more to count but thanks so
much Ryan thanks that's awesome the
Becca Jerome's I'm actually packing all
my stuff up ready to head off that was
an amazing meeting that we've just had I
don't even want to call it a meeting it
was just great to get together with
Brian and I gave you a little snippet of
the interview or just chat that dave was
having with him
Dave's included a longer version of that
on his channel which you can click
through and watch it your interest in
what he was talking about what he's
about I'm certainly interested and David
gonna be looking at ways to collaborate
and start a revolution we involved with
a revolution doing things globally it's
all really exciting
to head off they've gone naked it's hot
it's but right now there's no extra base
they predict today but it's gonna be sad
leaving because means they've been
hanging out solidly for the last like
two or three weeks so I'm gonna miss it
I know me some man get the crocodile
hide your I do nakedness they've you
know the video that went up yesterday's
are stars here I'm naked for like an
hour
I'm heading off drone soon enough bye
thanks John is the legend he's been
letting us stay here for the last like
four days and although he's like made us
do the workouts today morning now he's
been an incredible host and he's like
one of the most incredible people I've
ever met
wouldn't you agree Dave yeah it's an
amazing yeah I'll see you next month by
to the airport love you bro
leavers just dropped me off thankfully I
think I've got a bit of time not super
rushing
already checked in got my boarding pass
I just hope this security line search
through my back to like they usually do
not be annoying because I packed them so
tight security managed to grab some food
before getting on the plane my flight is
boarding kind of perfect timing really I
wasn't gonna trust the food on the plane
to the flight so thought I'd stuck I bet
I've also got bunch of snacks in this
back so we should be good
guys check this how I go for saf swords
myself for the plane it's almost
completely empty
so at last we told you guys where I'm
heading or why
basically the original plan was that I
was going to leave New York and flight
out to Romania to help my friend Mike
with a charity project is running next
week in a gypsy village I think I
mentioned in a previous book I am still
going to do that it's going to be
awesome and the plan was that Riya who's
currently travelling around Europe was
going to join me and she is gonna join
me but I am for Romania I'm heading out
to Barcelona Brian's out there with a
friend Sonya and she's celebrating her
birthday doesn't know I'm coming
someone's basically heading out there to
surprise after her birthday
and also I'm flying out her friend Kate
Wyoming here um remember like with the
Garmsir the Wonder wagon and then I went
out to see
so she's won the prize best friends from
school which really loves her so I
thought would be amazing to bring her
with me and we surprised rider like I
think would be a big surprise apparently
she has no idea and she loves surprises
so this would be a really nice birthday
for her I'm glad he's come together with
hopefully we're gonna pull off the
surprise and they'll be amazing so I'll
get to enjoy it and also weekend in
Barcelona with the girls and then head
out
Rhys coming Kate's gonna comb the wig
anew yeah enjoy an amazing week in
Romania so that's the plan and hopefully
that happens and that's why I've left
New York tonight I'm stopping at London
tomorrow I'm gonna hang out with my mom
and my dad and stuff before I head off
back off in the afternoon
yeah so that's the plan
but it's been it's been a great time to
New York looking forward to coming back
out here next month I've got a few
things hands
yeah loved it
the great week I am gonna go now and
enjoy four seats on the plane and it was
a lie out flap
it's basically better than first-class
always on par with first-class it's a
full flower I can like stretch out
snuggle up in the duvet and fall asleep
and then my body clock will be perfect
for Europe because I'll wake up tomorrow
morning as the planes landing and and
they all laugh fresh and awake and ready
for the day so I'll see you tomorrow
guys
sorry has been a bit of a short vlog
hopefully you inspired a bit about what
Brian was talking about earlier and
getting your head rounder that's some of
that stuff but I will head off now and
I'll see you the morning peace out enjoy
life
