good morning guys
it is day one of our Toyota road trip
back to San Francisco
the Wonder wagon is waiting but kate is
taking us out for some food before we
head off with this we've got a long
drive in our big boy all right breakfast
done yeah okay good welcome back
it's feedback it's a shame riders know
here this she's having our own
adventures in Amsterdam right now she is
just where dreams happens maybe we
should buy only what village in Jackson
huh
lunch is done oh good you're ready to
hit the right we're gonna head back and
get all our gear in the Wonder wagon and
yeah stop plotting a bit of a route I
think we're gonna head into Yellowstone
National Park today I think it's like
this way is it is that the way that way
and the Bears hopefully we can meet Yogi
Bear Cheers
okay it's off thanks for letting us pay
and thanks for looking after the Wonder
wagon all right let's take this bad boy
back first stop Yellowstone National
Park I'm gonna go to Old Faithful
hopefully this is a big massive geezer
that shoots water out the ground I never
actually been
leaving yellow saying no but I love Old
Faithful me I've only been to one gazer
before but this guy sounds like he's the
proper geezer yeah
geezer
since cowboy lamb I love this town is
that to cut Cowboys chillin they the
place there's a police boat no they're
not that's the flesh your mouth
that's amazing oh so there's no crime
here so the police just gets a chill
before jumping on the road we are
stopping up with some supplies anybody I
can get in there yeah
so I had some advice on eating vegan and
the advice I've been given is just eat
all the bananas so we're just gonna buy
a lots and lots of bananas just my
staple diet only get the ones that I'm
going green on them grab some dates I'm
basically mister fruity now what we
found they've the biggest opposed and
they're squished box central as well
these are ripe a vase okay we get
something get some Biggie's guys I'm
gonna get some almond butter but it's
$20 is that normal why is it so much
look this is country peanut bar it's
like two dollars this is it guys what's
special oh maybe we should get that guy
go then date you can get if you ever see
this before you be our mascot he give
you our mascot that's the first shipping
oh yes we are stocked up ready to roll
oh we've got a little mascot what should
we name him guys we should we cool that
little guy is he flashing you gonna be
fun at night I like him already I like
him so he's just so happy he a so
squiddy he's very huggable
howdy
we don't know yes please yikes even if
we only want to go for the day take all
my money
we've just pulled over this is
incredible lake here and everyone's
taken place
Dave's taking the helm for a little bit
how beautiful is this drive man it's
surprising it's one of the most
surprising drives that me
then it's Rapids and it's candy and I
keep my
and apparently this is the perfect time
of day the spot like bears and maybe the
wolves that's what I'm holding out for
increasing that's right they might like
people side of the road
yes yes we have arrived at our first
geezer this place is called West Thumb
apparently then we parked up and we're
taking up stroll down here we've just
been told there's a deer ahead amazing
is that a moose or a deer or an elk I
don't think it's a moose moose have the
big the big faces bro they have the big
lips
I think that's an elk I think I'm going
to say I'm gonna throw this out then say
that's an elk
yesterday yes matey
oh my gosh looks like a volcanoes
erupted what you thinking that is it's
just immense that was anything like it
man doesn't just make you think about
the power of the earth-like planet so
serene so like chill then it's got this
like fiery yeah I think this is
basically like a massive volcano waiting
to happen I don't haven't we need to do
a bit more research you said you watched
a video recently in history and yeah and
everything so basically it will extinct
the whole earth if the volcano we're on
top of blows at some point I don't think
it's due to blow for a while so they say
who say that's the best roundabout I
ever seen oh my god
well it's proper to spluttering yeah bro
wow that smells like a key part that is
so for right there oh my gosh that's
crazy Hot Tub Time Dave not today or not
now
so I've just been told guys that we have
just missed the gears are blowing and
it's not gonna blow again for like 90
minutes by which time the Sun would have
set and it'll be quite dark I'm still
gonna we're still gonna watch it and
hopefully film it but I think that means
we should stay here tonight and find
somewhere cools Park up and then stick
around a little bit tomorrow and explore
this area because is just phenomenally
beautiful it'd be such a shame to rush
on and drive and we're not in a massive
rush driving so it's just gone 8 p.m.
and Old Faithful is about to go doesn't
go
that is hi whoa that's going way higher
than I thought we have walked to a
little bar slash restaurant we're gonna
grab some dinner oh it's nice and warm
in there it gets cold here at night guys
it's moving the day but at night it gets
cold we've sat down to an amazing meal I
got some hummus me and Dave both got the
hummus plate it actually and then I got
this which is a linguine vegan linguine
is soy chicken
I saw you chicken substitute and they've
got some all those guys waffle fries
guys we all snuggled up in the Wonder
wagon and I'm quite tired I still
haven't adjusted to the right timezone
but it's okay it's okay but we have just
been loving being back on the road and
yeah I just think for me it's something
that I really miss when I'm in one place
for too long I actually can't wait to
start exploring again and going to new
places and I think that's why I'm really
looking forward to this week because we
are going to be doing a lot of that just
driving around and finding cool things
today and you looking forward to that
Dave yeah I can't wait well this has
been sick today
it's totally 60 and the old geezer yeah
I love like you that tomorrow morning
there he'll be better the AVM I'm a slow
man that guy but also Lake Tahoe can't
wait for that I never been yeah Lake
Tahoe's on one of the destinations and
then I think I think we're going through
Idaho and there'll be some beautiful
things there as well I'm hoping on a
little bit more energetic one night and
can do as time-lapse a star lapse of the
incredible sky because I took it a photo
just now and it was
amazing but I haven't I can't serve food
like taking photos unfortunately but
yeah it's gonna be incredible and I
would just encourage you guys even if
it's just somewhere nearby but somewhere
you haven't been to before
just to go on a little adventure and
just to go to new places and for me I
think that well for me that that's
changed a lot the more new places I've
been to I think you just learn a lot
about the world around you and you kind
of catch that bug for traveling and
adventure and yeah I'd highly recommend
exploration of the world yeah right
we're gonna we're gonna snuggle up and
get some sleep and we're probably both
gonna get quite a scout quite early and
make the most of the day I see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
