hi I'm Sam and I'm from Liverpool in the
UK but I'm currently in Belgrade Serbia
on a backpacking tour for Eastern Europe
and you're watching fun fillery boom
good afternoon guys
I'm at Heathrow Airport with Dave okay
and we're about to head to San Francisco
we're just checking in then we can sit
together on the plane
we're through security got so long doubt
let me like look through all my bags
take about 20 minutes we don't have any
time now to eat but we need to get to a
gate now boarding all passengers to San
Francisco let's go Dave what just
happened
second time in two minutes Griffin
dropped your class I've dropped my
boarding pass down there they're gonna
have to ask you security question Wi-Fi
I'm definitely not sleeping
hello I am 25
thank you
we have landed
that's why was downside is great how do
you move get a fluid from premium
economy the dates there's more legroom
managed to get vegan meals on the plane
I thought I'd be difficult it's all
right some snacks to me it's got loads
of work that night that's right you have
a night's sleep and I know my eyes as
this happens when I say seeker it could
be a long thing boy
guys they're taking Louie away to to
question him about being in Sierra Leone
so happens guys the maddest thing just
happened right you remember we're not in
Sierra Leone last month obviously
there's the the Ebola scare last year
and some of these countries are unlike
the high-risk list so when you're coming
in from those countries in West Africa
like certain airports and countries one
day like quarantine you so the rule here
in America is if you've been to Guinea
Sierra Leone or you know some of those
Western countries there's certain
airports in America which they reroute
you to and then you have to go into
quarantine so by my passport or weather
must have flight up in the system as we
stepped off the plane they were there
waiting checking Evans passport they
found me they were like right come with
me
escorted us all the way through security
we missed all the security literally
jumped like an hour line and then and
then they asked me a bunch of questions
and because it's it was more than 21
days since I was in Sierra Leone I got
that all-clear and they literally we got
through security in like 10 minutes and
it's all good and I'm allowed in America
and I'm very relieved but that was nuts
that's absolutely not Dave how crazy was
that me I've never been so thankful that
you've gone to a quarantine country 23
days or something since you were there
Oh 15 minutes I have sat out there for
hours before when I get through this
yeah and the awesome thing now is guys
and just booked us a mess out an hour
time Asajj and we're gonna make there
who let me worry that would get called
security but we're just gonna jump in an
uber okay
well hello America
whooping thank you guys I might upload
my vlog in the e bar on the way to the
math first place and what time is it
Dave is it just turned six it's exactly
6 p.m. it's gonna be bit so this
couldn't be good fella toys everything
is going right for us every day
everything is this just going perfectly
oh we are dead in time yeah yeah yes oh
you do this Nick we're actually lying on
the floor why this is perfect for him to
walk up and down
that was incredible that was just it's
crazy
at one point she's walking on my hands a
feelin Dave we're just so you could say
the middle name is origami because she
folded me up like paper right yeah and
they have the best tears well lemon god
I didn't get one big clip I was just
getting consistently clicked all the way
through for the whole hour yeah
everywhere please I don't even know
we are heading straight out to dinner
how you doing Nick I'm just fantastic
thank you yeah you're enjoying
California it's way way warmer than
England that's what makes me happy I'm
just worrying what its gonna be like
when we go back to Cape Town this will
be called the warm is it still cold it's
still winter there's Mac it's yeah it's
a poisoning when typing emotes down to
27 degrees Celsius this way see later so
we're going through a Middle Eastern
restaurant to Isom like I don't know
hummus
do they have like flat flat um I don't
really know what
food is I went and bikini Nick and ang
are heading back to theirs and Jorge has
kindly offered me and Ava a bed for the
night so we going back to his sea in the
morning
well the jetlag has hit me all of a
sudden I'm exhausted I think it's about
7:00 a.m. in the UK and me and Dave just
just crash so hard after dinner say
we've made it back to George's and I
think we're good to try and get up
relatively early and head into town
tomorrow but I just I can't even think
about that right now too tired I'll see
you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and let the
adventure
