hey guys my name is Abdul I'm from
Ottawa Ontario
I am currently in Whitefield Quebec and
you're watching one for Louie boom good
morning guys
me and Dave are on the way to the
airport and we're fine to New York today
we've popped up the one the wagon found
the safe place to leave it and now we're
getting ready for a bit of an adventure
this week decided both very excited
actually this could be one of the best
weeks of my life I think yeah hopefully
so we're actually heading to we've been
invited to the UN General Assembly which
I don't really know what that is but
it's kind of a big deal and I feel like
we're gonna be a little bit out of place
but there could be some world-changing
things happening there and you guys know
me I like I like thinking about
world-changing ideas so we might meet
some cool people and make some cool
plans we managed to grab some breakfast
a guy got a flap up it our turkey bagel
got our company's
that's the way we do it like we are two
minutes mere poor our flight leaves in
like 45 minutes and they've just looked
over at my passport which is saying sit
here and then he was like Louie I don't
know where my password is I always have
it in my pocket and then was like I've
messed up bro
I think I left it I think left it
somewhere you were like you seem like a
you tonight you've said sure you were
gonna miss the flight I was done I was
like bro I'm sorry I've cocked up see
you later I've gotta go we've left it at
one of our last week because I did put
it down a couple of times but thankfully
oh it was as in my short is in his
shorts guys I we just said that we just
had a big celebrating moment where we
realized hopefully both gonna make the
flight
yeah we are domestic row that was Oh
emotional that was scary
I've done it wrong so many time did not
forget your possible eyes we know in
other words yeah guys
our flight takes off in 40 minutes we
are fishing at finding guys hurry up so
late it's last call at the gate a flight
literally takes off in 15 minutes we
only just made it through security
that's me
can you hear it guys can you hear them
Coolio names we made it by oh my gosh
did you hear our names in the tunnel
no yeah mr. Lewis John Cole and Dave
Walker the who do arousal use yeah
harassing us
we have got a lake
the chaplain always welcomes you to New
York's run at Kennedy Airport where the
local time is 8:45 we have arrived in
New York City that's like a five hour
flight but we've we've also lost like
three hours of the day because at the
time zone difference
and
we haven't actually planned we're going
to stay yeah and that's like going p.m.
so should probably figure out a plan
before we head into Manhattan true
my theory is we should eat because it's
gonna take us like an hour and then
we'll be like rushing around and there
won't be many options so we just sat
down that a nice lip restroom in the
arrivals gate tells your flight date
night but it was nice it was a nice
flight good legroom and I got a top
score on the game yeah is anyone
downloaded that game ten by ten that we
were playing the other day and if you
have what's your top score I hit like
six six thousand four hundred something
but Dave killed it with ten thousand
points
1,000
oh yeah 10700 oh I see if you can beat
that score this is not sponsored the
IBAs drops to stop and we just found
this random hotel to stay in tonight
last minute hey Dave yeah bro I didn't
sleep much last night
no I'm late I have coffee too late I
can't have coffee after 4 p.m. I had it
at 6 p.m. and that meant that was ours
up till 3:00 if it's not quiet I know
someone's asleep in it we've dumped our
bags off and we're now going on a
mission to find Dave some replacement
trousers because now the other day I was
telling you he ripped them
he still hasn't replaced them so he's
got this big hole in his crotch they got
worse today when we were running other
aim okay let's go let's go get you some
trousers day
so he's go just for 42nd Street
avoiding on the subway visual
makes occasionally
and he was poking 344 was like seems
more tonight
and it's like midnight among today known
to Sunday
we found H&M guys hard signs are fine I
share this crop now I really want to get
this good vibes all the way to feel good
Club positive affirmation
I like that's I'm getting this this is
my vibe good vibes all the way have you
found the trousers day yeah I can't be
doing buttons these ones I've got
buttons and weird plated stuff so they
don't actually have my size I've got two
short legs and two bigger waist I want
to settle for longer legs they 684 guys
what do you think of this shirt
quote that roll the sleeves up then I
could work
it's my Dave's gonna try and put on his
new jeans in the elevator okay okay you
only got two floors today oh yeah this
is good
all right you've got that Speedy
Gonzales yes bro
Lotte right that was impressive come on
now that's how you do the 30 second
jeans what better way to challenge oh
I'm impressed
I'm actually impressed how they feelin
very tight yeah at least the liqui right
at least my crotch is on the inside
yeah
so we join that guy doing a workout that
was my workout again the jeans on in the
lip all right we're gonna do the back
we're gonna either back well guys
somehow we're David might completely
exhausted I think it's the lack of sleep
you got last night but I'm barely keep
my eyes we got tiny little room I think
that's the successful shopping trip yeah
jeans I wasn't even planning to get a
thing got the shirt and my other thing
my sweater
time to sleep ah okay we get we've got a
big week in New York planned guys so
it's gonna be it's gonna be good
location the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
