hello everyone I'm Marcus I'm from Essex
and you're watching fun for Louie enjoy
the adventure boom good morning guys
I have just left ruffington where I
stayed last night with Sam and my other
friend Sam and I'm now heading to
Bournemouth to see my friend Rob so I
stayed within New Zealand him and his
family and he's over visiting the UK at
the moment so I'm driving over there
it's a little bit further than I I
thought it was Bournemouth is nowhere
near Brighton apparently it's a lovely
day and I can't wait to see Rome
I've arrived in Bournemouth and I need
to try and find Rob basically haven't
got a phone they said he'd meet me at
this cafe see these gonna be on the
beach somewhere and see if I can find
him
there is Rob how you doing
it's so exciting watch I can I get
emotionally watching use a firework the
sky
you still on the ground watching that
real is a joy and the impact that is
having the encouragement that he's
having and get this mess on the way we
all got mess with stuff it's not about
that it's about the legacy leave in the
hearts of these young kids who came you
know if you inspire one person which I
know it's Millions
just inspire them to just go
you gotta go you know I think I could do
something even if I just travel to
another country I could do something
that's what gets mainly it gets me
because I can see it I can feel it when
I saw you taking your audience into your
family and sitting down a meal to every
with your dad making the food and the
grandfather
it's like people need to see penny
boarding with your dad you've been with
me mate so you can tell you we've mates
you've been around for a while you can
feel it you can feel it like when you're
out doing the cowboy oh my oh my god and
what do they do the lass to do something
oh yeah you know and seeing Mike Moore
and but it's whole range
I had another revelation when I was in
America that is Dave because officially
news like what do you want to be doing
and I was like thinking all these ideas
I was like basically I could do anything
I was anything that's position I mean
I've got every door me know what I want
to be doing as an individual as Louie
gonna I'm Louie I'm gonna start
something I'm gonna start Foundation
through this massive project
and what I realize is what I've always
loved is collaborating a big way I
haven't want it to be this Lone Ranger
and even when it comes to like doing
something I'm like I just I don't know
if I want to be build the Empire and do
my thing well it's Louie and then when
Dave started talking and I was my
instincts to be like okay how can me and
Dave do this like where can we
collaborate where can we pull together
our strengths and create sync together
so it's not just me and that's where I
suddenly started getting excited and
passionate and and I thought well this
is it this is it's about finding things
people I love and I'm doing life with
and being like let's make stuff together
and that's where I find energy from and
like get excited about not not trying to
put my stake in the ground and be like
this is mine and I create this by myself
I don't care too much about that it
there's this real chance this real
opportunity to impact millions and how
what do what like what is it what is it
I start with like because I think the
message can be broad but for me I think
there's something stirring that a will
initially be the big thing that would be
like right let's tackle one thing at a
time let's all start doing this in our
lives or making an impact things like
the random acts of kindness campaign
where it was like that it's that kind of
thing or you know I just think
especially in the British culture people
are so reserved they're so disconnected
they're so often in their own little
bubbles and it's this idea of being like
a global citizen loving those around us
genuinely loving those around us and
that's what I want to model and be
genuine for me our lunch is just a ride
a fish and chips
we're going to tuck in even having a
nice little catch-up this morning cheers
Rob great to see you
it's great seeing you thank you so much
thank you thank you thank you love you
up
well guys I had the most incredible
morning catching up with Rob I'm so
happy to have caught him before he
leaves to go back to New Zealand and
before I head out to America and just
left me in the best mood I'm now heading
back to Brighton
it's like two hours of driving to see
Alfie and Zoe and hang out with them for
the evening well I stopped off for a
little coffee at a service station
as the weird amount of traffic for some
day
like why no wonder so much traffic on
the motorway guys I've put back to see
Sam because I am I left something here
earlier
and I got here and it's just chillin on
the roof the to Sam's I don't think
you're supposed to walk on these tiles
of sick shoplifter
today was have been gone in Bournemouth
these guys built this rope swing she
have to be harnessed Enya how strong the
branch
we're getting in the harness
yeah it's fun
I could only cop in briefly say uncle
have a little going their ropes me try
nice get to bright announce the LT what
are you waiting for me I've arrived she
been upstairs without me yeah how are
you doing so II good some guys I'm glad
to come and visit oh no I love a coffee
just finish my coffee
we are heading down to the beach to
watch a sunset because the Sun sets on
like 15 minutes and we're taking Nala oh
I love not his coat
yeah it's so cute little seatbelts very
little seatbelt it's a little click bit
on goes on here and there she just sits
down
chillin just windows chillin in the back
lay down lay down yeah we definitely
missed the sunset still really pretty
down here though I love the gradient
guys have got my old 360 camera out
again filming some fun stuff today
experimenting we're gonna get some ice
cream at this place
ice cream Wow is this ice cream really
popular yeah
do you give ice cream tonight or not
she's got ice cream behind ya I don't
know what the best is favorite flavor of
ice cream I'm so indecisive you didn't
want to eat what's blue was blue flavor
bubble-gum oh that's disgusting no no I
think I'm gonna burst a shiaa awesome
yes
I went to the chocolate chip and trouble
Orange I copied out for UN chocolate
oranges
yes we see on the beach you're gonna
head back now and my children thing at
the house we just got a new bed in there
as well you got your treat in that well
me and Alfie have been relaxing tonight
doing bits of editing chilling on our
computers and then I was just browsing
Twitter and I saw that been tweeted a
who's watching cowspiracy which is a
documentary about the environmental
impact of farming animals and eating
animals and I've known about this
documentary for a while like months I
think Jack told me about it months and
months months ago so I saw Ben who's
watching and I was like oh I've wanted
to watch that so I said to Alfie yeah
let's watch it we just watched it and I
think it might be one of the most
life-changing things I've ever watched
like I'm just processing a lot right now
I've been an avid meat-eater
and I love our love animals I haven't
really heard or really bought kind of a
lot of the arguments to like fully going
vegan but tonight I'm watching that
documentary is really
made me question everything like it's
this is kind of like a pivotal important
moment in my life I think so I know it's
something I've been thinking about for
months really but this this could be a
big step
I might start transitioning it's kind of
crazy um yeah I think it's just having I
mean just go and watch cards per se I
didn't realize it didn't back me this
much I was like muddled I'm interest in
learning some stuff but it's it's
eye-opening and if you're just sitting
around bored and got your plans
honestly go watch it I'll link it below
and I'll see you tomorrow
day one of me trying to eat more
sustainably but actually like really
making an effort and I I'm scared I'm
scared to say I'm gonna go vegan it's
actually flipping scary let's see how it
goes maybe I'll go a trial period
but yeah okay I'll see you in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
