hey guys my name is Tyler Pat and we're
a parasailing in Turks and Caicos
Islands the Caribbean and you're
watching fun for Louie hey good morning
guys
we have left the motel we stayed in last
night and we've come down the road to a
little diner where we're gonna grab some
breakfast the owl Club
Tuesday just when it where this is my
breakfast guys veggie burger bit mashed
potato salad gherkins
we've finished breakfast we're back into
one the wagon and we're heading off on
day four of the Toyota road trip back to
San Francisco but before we head off you
guys have been suggesting some cool
names for our little mascot here and
we've picked Roberto yes Roberto yes
Roberto and also next to Roberto you may
have seen our little let's go places
thingy that we made and we're also stuck
on the back of the van because that's
Toyota's tagline and we're taking it a
bit of a challenge on this trip to go to
loads of cool places so we're in
Yellowstone that was the big stop our
next big stop is Tahoe Lake Tahoe which
I've never been to and it's nice on this
trip to be able to take our time cuz on
the way out here it was I was just like
rushing the whole way and on this
journey back to San Francisco we've just
been able to like stop off whenever we
want and just yeah just taking all the
sights so you ready you ready for Tahoe
does it do it
let's go come on Roberto never seen that
guy oh it's it's crippled truck is a
triple truck
guys I've got all the snacks all the
fruit and the chocolate and the nuts and
things and so I can eat bossun drive
into the nut not starve because there's
no real food anywhere for me but I'm
stopped up
guys I don't know what's going on in
that lorry is spewing something out on
top of it it's like white powder chalk
maybe it's for the chalk
brain and trucking
now I there
guys I've been driving all day we have
about an hour left so we get to Tahoe
where we're going to be meeting up with
my friend Duffy and boyfriend and
they're going to host a stand maybe show
us around the lake and the surrounding
areas
did they also say maybe hot springs oh
yeah they said
- no we should being Roberto to the on
screen he laughs amazed he's getting
excited our Roberto
ribbit
would be spotted Dave over there make
basically eight years ago I bought a
dune buggy and it was horrible it died
straight away and we've just driven past
and seen one on the side of the road so
I want to indulge for a minute and take
a look at it maybe David buy it even
driver driver hats in San Francisco
that's amazing Larry to be fair this
does look pretty awesome Oh
well that's probably good someone who
drove it up yeah I will
how much then I'm going to bring it
it's you're doing buggy is it yeah oh
great well I just pulled over I was just
having a look wonder if I'm from England
but I was wondering whether it's road
legal because I bought a road legal one
before in England
5,000 and the ain't even road-legal and
you don't know whether we would go rogue
legal fight such a great idea in a place
where it's sunny it's worth it
yes Louie yes Louie the return of the
dune buggy I know it would be brilliant
guys we've arrived at dotty in Kevin's
you may remember something from like
some white vlogs years ago but we are
just going to hang out with them for the
next couple of days and they're going to
show us around where they are and the
first thing they're gonna show us tell
us what is this screaming this is our
little house on wheels we have two
little asses yeah can I get in
yeah get in there I didn't know if you
both want to sleep on house well we've
got all we've got bed in there so we can
always how is it David you comfortable
yeah this is great
get in bro all right yeah oh yeah this
is this is all right yeah all right it's
kind of cozy you know if you got
curtains or not I just I created some
care than the in the Wonder wagon yeah
so yes we got this little oh he like cut
over like
homemade security system right here yeah
it just goes open oh nice oh yeah
so this you're like mini little farm
babe when we buy our landon off and
build our cabins and tree houses we've
got to have a farm like this and grow
all right whoa
dye is a humongous pumpkin David I think
that pumpkins twice the size of your
head go and put your head next to it a
big noggin tiniest kick in it oh oh
hello little guy hello me I hope he gets
to be out she buys a premiership
there's another one it was pretty girls
don't you Tom how do the key one so
Sparkle gonna eat it does he know me
whoa
did you just think that yo that's like a
machete of the fruit byali that I'll
definitely do that right keep it going
with it don't you in what ways that they
that's a type of squash too crispy like
a UFO bro we are jumping in the truck
and heading out the mountain
guys look at these houses out there
anything you see him that's basically
where iron man lives what's his name
Tony Stark
Tony Stark's house so that's keep market
so we're gonna go up on it now see that
tunnel oh yeah rock whoa so it's a bit
cloudy to see the sunset but we're just
gonna look out over the lake apparently
really present evil fine glow biggest
 ever
apparently this lake is half of its in
California and half of its in Nevada
yeah
we've reached the top of this Little
Rock this is looking out over the lake
that was exhausting
you are exhausted Dave I can't go on
boom there's no air up here huh that's
amazing night yeah what a view
Wow that's kind of scary
guys there is a sheer drop here down to
the road show you this is going to be
epic tomorrow we're going to come back
during the day miss sunny and I think
we're gonna go for a little hike find
find something adventurous today we're
now heading back to their little house
they're gonna give us a little house
tour of their tiny home that they've
built
we've arrived back at the in Kevin's
tiny home check this out
it is tiny yeah and me and Dave can stay
here tonight yeah so we built everything
with iron here yeah yeah everything I'm
such a fraud I didn't build anything on
my cabin but the decking yeah because I
saw I remember is this isn't too long
ago so remember seeing someone Instagram
maybe last year and we did even do the
brick did you like film it Oh guys check
out and Dusty's Channel yeah I'm
fascinating to go watch it maybe we
should watch those videos later how they
built it okay okay I'm gonna come on up
hey mega the black screen bro yeah it's
like a high-tech so do look a little tap
it up guys next it out yeah this is so
cute
so the glaze is straight out of tumblr
series yeah this is but all those
remember on the sole be project oh my
gay get gay that guy hanging high lame
dude he was doing tiny homes oh they're
good this is this is awesome so we got
like a all these boys there they were 16
foot long boards yeah 12 feet we did we
hung that huge beam up there so this
window right here we couldn't find a
window tiny enough so that's actually a
dollhouse
Oh
amazing and it feels quite spacious till
we've not tied it this is to my suit
mange from the homegrown tomatoes in the
garden this is amazing yeah I'm just so
happy I can actually eat to be so
hopefully oh boy cheers bro wait this is
like massive mug shoes I need to get a
coffee mug this bag yeah oh thanks for
dinner yeah this is the main course
pasta and over jeans beans the
vegetables you were looking for me yeah
these are the vegetables I've been
looking for my life it's very very tasty
no added sugar it's just sweet is
tomorrow you've ever had like yeah it's
gonna say Maxim amazing we have had a
brilliant evening with dotty and Kevin
and the family and we are off to bed now
me and Dave are bunking down in this
tiny home which is also so inspirational
for the cabins and treehouses and stuff
that me and Dave want to build at some
stage but yeah this is this is so nice
it's such a nice little stop off in the
trip and I'm looking forward to
exploring Tahoe and going on them bit of
an adventure tomorrow I'll catch in the
morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
