hi I'm Jim and I am 50 and you're
watching from for Louie ooh good morning
guys today is day two of the Toyota road
trip back to San Francisco me and Dave
parked up Old Faithful in Yellowstone
Park last night because we wanted to see
it doing its thing during the day I've
got a 360 camera setup and the geezers
just started screaming the masses are
leaving what's the plan now
yeah I love your shirt gray shirt gray
shirt
what is the plan we're going to Idaho we
have to Idaho and we're gonna go find
somewhere to pay because frankly it's
time
David smelly I am and we've heard rumors
of a hot springs that we can go and jump
into it that's not like these kind of
hot springs which would kill us but a
bit more chilled out hot springs
ah he's so fluffy
Wow
what's his name really hey don't sleep
like a bear
oh my sac Larry there is a bison there
is a bison guys Oh is he
oh yeah bison bison bison bison on the
moon this is literally you're not 360 IU
but this is the moon this is amazing
there's a bison on the moon he is hench
yes the Madden I've never seen no bison
before I don't know if I have either
I've seen a moose you don't want to mess
around with that guy I'm so happy about
the Vice and he's so big we've pulled
over and the midway geyser basin and
it's hot rivers there is hot water
flowing into this river swinging out oh
yeah it's not hard but it's nice maybe
that bit hot is it warm
okay
I've never seen anything like this it's
just so beautiful the colors the colors
are insane you don't have many things in
nature that are so colorful you got like
flowers I guess and rainbows with this
I've never seen like soil and water such
a spectrum of colors check it out we
came back to the van and fat mike byson
yes my backside
we've just pulled up the bison veil
holy sheet perhaps oh wow that guy is
he's like the biggest dinosaur type
sheep I've ever seen they're literally
lined right next to the car so I think
the best plan of action is I'm just
going to get out we can get some awesome
photos give me the camera
they start charging I'll just jump back
in the app if they start charging I'm
driving off bro
we're not making any progress because
every time we drive a little bit there's
another incredible thing to gather the
currency there's a herd of bison well
there's a herd of bison right by this
river this isn't this is epic oh yes
Brad yes bro guys look how close he is
to my 360 camera that is awesome
they've done that's what we need by
their community you drop my house I jump
out there and then everyone everyone can
come and hang out maybe their house is
there too
how's your driving chef Dave good I'm
tired now there bro stumpy take over all
right all right that was a beautiful
Drive though isn't it we parked up and
we're gonna head in get things to eat
chewkey dick oh yes yeah yeah Oh perfect
and this is Dave's club sandwich and
tater tots have you ever had take it off
before they never know I know they love
it everything even my zucchini deep
fried zucchini deep fried green beans
deep fried onions a deep fried zucchini
that's all my vegetables Dave I just
asked whether they served vegetables
that aren't deep fried and apparently
they don't thank you they only said deep
fried green beans and zucchini back on
the road we have got an hour and 17
minutes and I'm driving to
lava lava hot springs where hopefully we
can have a little dip in the natural
springs
it's like a natural hot tub we have
arrived
Navi lava hot springs I don't know if in
the right place but this is mineral hot
obviously this we're gonna go in there
what's going on what you saying babe is
that lava hot does that actually love
the huh that is that's too hot 50
degrees
oh that's flippin ridiculous both we
can't get in this Dave this is gonna
kill her thanks to up I'm going how the
other side here guys I love hot hot tubs
but that's like hotter than the hottest
bath I think I stole the red I think
I've scolded my let yeah I feel the same
bro Oh guys that was unnecessary guys we
found the correct temperature Paul this
is perfect so glorious one amazing end
been awesome day
and we've even got a pass to come back
here in the morning to say we'll
probably grab some breakfast and sit in
here tomorrow all right I will catch you
guys tomorrow I don't know where we're
going and we're going to continue
driving through Idaho and an onward whoo
nice peace out enjoy life and the
adventure
