hi my name is Jack from Southern
California and right now I'm on Catalina
Island and you're watching fun Philly
heading into London to meet up with and
me Dave and Mike as we prepare for this
we've got a lot of things to fill to the
bow legislation to check and then we're
going to drive down to somewhere on the
close tonight
with the boat already stay there and
then head off in the morning you know
you know you know you've got the rainbow
guys stop now ambien day all right boys
you ready for a little trip no we've
just been discussing the logistics and
we don't really know what we're doing
none of us Mike's about the right he
might have more of a clue he knows
nothing and they have some kind of plan
obviously I think it's more like East
like southeast okay gonna grab some
dinner first
I've never been in the final members
right Mike is here the team is
completely cheering for us riding down
the road riding on top of that oh yeah
here we go
all right yeah I think so so this syncs
in rivers this is gonna get across the
channel
okay that's our backup engine yeah yes
have you been on this yet
and I don't think I've seen it since you
for the decking down look at that
decking is it screwed in and this is a
lot bigger than I remember
okay what the jobs and they tell us the
jobs we need to do before leaving this
is how cold is by the way breathe day
job and job to chill number two fix the
number plate oh yeah pump up the tires
they could do that hole in the deck and
try and fit a pump system in there so
just have to drill a hole in the bottom
of the boat I've bought some cabling and
some fuses and a switch we were supposed
to start hours ago Oh compass compass so
this will get there if our iPhones fail
us holidays and we still have a three
hour drive that's the case Sam do you
think that's gonna pump the sea out judy
is gonna pump the fear
like do you know what I reckon you've
just stolen out of a fish tank you
feeling confident they confidence is but
a dock in the distance I'm impressed
with how much Randy's thought yeah
way to go hard let's get this on the
place
engine mounted Andy where's all this
water coming from what's going on well
he drilled into me he just drilled a
hole in our boat I'm sold boat sunk
minute and he told me to drill a hole in
the bottom of the body mmm
no I said the top of the bone on the
bottom yeah I get waterlogged what about
this sighs oh what have you done what
have you done
Lily your mum told you about this second
leaving a feel it can you feel my trick
so Louise managed to get his finger
stuck in the boat hey you're out you're
right
exact same sizes your finger yeah I
should have known
it's a lily range and I think about it
see if you can with see if you can see
it wiggling at the bottom okay can you
see anything
so this is my portable boombox yeah this
is what uses when he's doing
construction work yes all right the
boat's kind of 80% ready which is
probably ready enough yeah
so before we head down to the coast
we've had to stop round the back of
petrol station so to do some more work
I'm drilling a hole through the bottom
of the boat like we were saying earlier
but not all the way through you can
through the floor to the actual box
about where we need to install this
bilge pump to pump out any water that's
leaking into the boat whilst we're going
across the sea but it's too noisy where
Andy pops the boat this is like it's
residential and it's already quite late
so we found this street light and I'm
working in the street light I'm making
good progress as well I think we're
almost there I realize it's a big gap
and it's rattling around so I thought
what we need in that gap is like a
tennis ball and then Dave was like thank
was like I got a tennis ball in my car
so we got a tennis ball just shoved in
there gasps this worked pretty well this
is how we're gonna test it I'm going to
pour bucket water into the boat into
that hole which goes like into there
that are under the floor and then we're
going to I'm gonna turn the turn the
motor on the little pump then it goes
under the boat yeah well you ready for
this you ready
oh hey it worked
hey guy yes this is us tomorrow guys oh
yeah that's just a movie guys we're
finally on our way leaving little bit
later than expected well I haven't told
you yet guys we're picking up Nik
treatment because he he's going to this
is the plan anyway catch a ferry daily
but with this car meets on the other
side and then we're going to toad boat
back across the ferry back to England
once we're done so we're not having to
try to fight both ways across the
channel yes Nick jump in join the join
the adventure so we've got all the boys
we're loaded in we managed to book a
hotel last minute
amazing but not in the right talent but
still only 20 minutes away and now we've
got a two-hour drive ahead of us so we
should be there by 4 plus 3 according
I don't know that it's going to last but
I'm asked to take over from it but see
all right my for my shift
think it one's got a bit tired this is
our hotel I'm hoping um hope we don't
get robbed right I'm bringing the night
door hi there we are at the front door I
got two rooms earlier okay thank you
crammed in the elevator we are in our
room me and Nick sharing this bed Mike
is banished to the other room because
he's mr. Snorri go go in the other room
this is this is our little bedroom on
the side night Mike right and that's it
3:00 a.m. we're prepped and ready pretty
much a little few adjustments making the
boat in the morning but yeah I'm pretty
excited it's one of the craziest
endeavors we've embarked on hopefully we
make it like at least a mile out to sea
I see in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
