I'm Izzy Toni and I'm in Sequoia
National Park and you're watching Santa
Louie good afternoon guys it's the day
after the wedding we had an incredible
time yesterday and we've come into
Kingston to grab some brunch with Dave
who's still in his seat Raya and this is
Kate as well and this is Kate's car it's
it's having some problems it's trying to
talk to us what's wrong tell us what's
wrong Dave what have you done to the car
Bo on the road oh my gosh so I don't
know what something's yeah we need to is
it is it full-on leaking older okay well
let's just come back to that we've sat
down for a delicious brunch now Anna :
Ben how you guys doing after an amazing
day yesterday
yeah then did a good job filming
yeah you did you worked hard yesterday
man
Wow
I'm trying to be healthy so I got this
green drink and I even know what's in it
is green so it's bound to be healthy
when you finish lunch when not the Apple
Store me and Ben both got new cables
guys does anyone know - good
iPhone cables because we think these
might be there but we're not sure so so
anyway these guys are off see you later
bye we're gonna go and find Dave and
tight and then the plan is I'm hoping we
go enough time we're gonna head up the
hill carnival before I have to leave
tonight cause I think she needs to
experience the amazingness I missed it
last year but if you remember the year
before me and Ben when he filmed his
visual vibes and they had a great day
that's the plan yeah did you sort the
car out yeah nice
so we popped in see Steve and Alexia had
a little family taken
they honeybee now say goodbye to Dave
and hate being right
sure those London little particle
they became catching a boat
guys we miraculously managed to find
parking
but unfortunately have less than an hour
to experience the carnival but we're
going to try and run in to see the
floats going around and experience the
music for a little bit
I love the vibes here
look at this guy DJing out of his
bedroom yes ma'am
guys this is Alex just bumped into medic
carnival you enjoyed you enjoy the
carnival
yeah it's right
guys from Asia okay
guys this is crazy I'm loving the
atmosphere I'm gonna try and come back
tomorrow I think get here earlier
now I'm being load the people that watch
the video so if I met you today
hello story I've been in a bit of rough
you like running around with now trying
to figure out how to get out of here
which others where's our way in the
middle of the carnival and now I know
how we escaped we finally managed to
fight our way back to the car to like my
party by the way I squeezed into this
little space
right by the phone it was pretty good
but we have now just left enough time to
get right
we need to collect stuff from the herd
the house is blown out and then dropping
for the train station time to drop briar
are we're not even that late only like
five minutes I read something the other
day guys something that all optimist
share common is that they're always late
Rosa oh introduce your friends this is
Tonya and they are going to Amsterdam
and like normal people they're not just
gonna fly there they're getting a train
a bus and the boat to get down and
another train how long is it going to
take you 13 hours okay well I'll see you
soon
and back home after a surprisingly
exhausting day I've got some dinner at
my dad is cooked
and my mom is back from Paris yeah and I
bet you've been driving all day so you
can have wanted to cook today how's your
time in Paris yeah so I have you guys
heard that my mum and Darcy
spontaneously went to Paris for a little
bit of an adventure
so it's cool cuz I don't think Darcy's
managed to get away yet this summer
holiday so it was fun for her and whilst
they're away my dad finally mounted this
TV which has been sitting on the floor
for two years I'm Louise bus yeah
temporarily from Toulouse house yeah so
I I think it's looking good and houses
looking nice so we can watch over
YouTube on the TV now they're not there
who else watch you watch is YouTube on a
TV it's good trust me
I'm heading to bed now getting some rest
before heading back up to London
tomorrow if it's not raining too heavily
to enjoy another day of knowing Hill
Carnival I think my little sister Darcy
and my cousin David will be joining me
and maybe we'll find some other friends
to hang out with yeah I'm looking
forward to dancing all day long I'll
catch you in the morning peace out enjoy
life live the adventure
