hi I'm Solomon from Mexico
you're watching and joy oh good morning
guys I've been doing something quite
exciting today I have got this old hard
drive adapter and these old hard drives
from computers me and my family have had
like some of these are like 15 years old
and I've hooked up to my computer and I
am transferring and looking at these old
amazing websites I made and like just
old projects photos videos it's it's
amazing to look through your past like
an archive of my life which I'm hoping I
can share some of with you guys like if
I could find some old amazing videos and
some of my original road trips and
things I did I'd love to love to share
those things but you know I'm very
nostalgic right now it's time for some
lunch Cornish pasty baked potato cabbage
and some gravy thanks dad
mum and Darcy spontaneously decided to
drive to Paris last night got a text
message from my dad he's like oh yeah
mum and dad see you've come to Paris
when did they decide to do that is like
like this evening so we've got a few
days just hanging here I see what are
they back um do you know I don't know
sometime next week
maybe they haven't decided okay that's
we are back in my dad's office and I
want to show you how to connect one of
these hard twice so these are like the
internal big hard drives that you used
to put in machines like this see if
they're like you can't just connect a
USB in the back you have to connect and
I'll show you okay so that's this one
where we got this one working guys but
it sounds like it's going to blow up not
so healthy a long way guys listen to
this
that is crazy we have jumped in the car
and we're heading over to Steve's to
lend him some PA equipment like these
speakers and mic stands and stuff for
his wedding
our friends Josh is before me singing
him down the aisle which is gonna be
pretty incredible but they didn't have
the speaker's up and mics and starting
dropping that over now and then I'm
heading to servicing station and up to
London to hang out with writer for the
evening Steve's gonna go and check out
dude
thanks guys I'm in an incredibly good
mood today I don't know why I just feel
really happy
probably the weather something to do
that I also just feel very chilled out
and relaxed at the moment having a
something had a few days just to hang
out on my parents house and recalibrate
a little bit before the mad weekend with
Steve's wedding stuff
guys I've met with Raya hey how's your
week been good relaxing we are just
looking out at the rain which looks so
pretty because it's it's sunny and rainy
at the same time get this but where is
the rainbow this definitely remember
somewhere I feel like it's gonna be the
other side we found the rainbow guys we
see the rainbow it's kind of same yeah I
love anybody oh wow yes rainbow a
sorcerer so we're having some people
over today to the flat and we've walked
down the road to get some snacks for our
evening
why are we going out for dinner as well
okay but I need some snacks I'm thinking
cashew nuts I'm thinking chocolate
standard right we got some Pringles as
snacks I got a little Danish pastry and
a coffee
also I bought a lot of chocolate and
nuts and I put them in Ryder's bag yeah
saving the environment so one of the
plans for tonight is to play board games
but we don't have any board games so we
had come down to west of shopping center
we've met up with Jay and Lucy Hey
and we've come down to Westfield to buy
Scrabble yeah the Scrabble what you're
gonna jump across that thing yeah do it
no because if you fall over than it was
funniest stuff yeah
yes Scrabble love Scrabble
are we getting anything out I don't know
what I mean we're here why don't we get
some other board okay evan has arrived
yo you're gonna join us with a game of
Scrabble
how are your Scrabble skills how are you
Scrabble skills he's got a math degree
it's not an English you don't need to
vote because this is it's right here
clue don't know it says clue mate Cluedo
okay that's the correct that's the great
expression look at these tiny
skateboards I could literally have these
is like rollerskates one in each foot
tray accidentally ordered a normal Eva
and we can't all fit in so me and ever
they're getting that I was gonna say
Barclays bikes but their change forest
bikes Boris bikes the Santander cycles
any anyway we're getting the bike back
see you there riots gonna spray the keys
down to Evan he's standing the middle of
the road okay guys here we go
good gets ride gets row yeah they've
broken
oh you're nuts - that is laziness right
we've ordered food Indian food it's on
its way I'm pretty happy and we have
just set up Scrabble board I don't know
who's gonna win what do you guys reckon
I only rise pretty competitive yeah
thanks you might get to rock your world
remember how Lily put down that really a
great word start the game out guess what
time for donuts Oh triple words don't
know donut eleven twelve thirty six yeah
and that's a tea how much is he worth no
you okay
oh my gosh yes Devin not guys are
takeout rides
look how they've wrapped it they've
actually sealed it they must have like
no one of those machines it seals there
that's awesome
got my onion bhajis yeah for your pride
so evidence talking about a serious
subject balance guns in America he's
pro-gun and then you'll reaction first
to what just happened in the United
States when I first like watched ever
gonna happen I wasn't expecting what
happened like just to be so in like on
screen I genuinely felt sick like I
didn't know I was at work at that time
and I didn't know what to do or how to
feel I felt really upset that I've come
from that and I felt like as an American
I felt really embarrassed that this
still happens and it just happens like
ever
every day is a different shooting we
hear about its it just made me feel a
little sick right I just told me
something which is really freaky we met
a year ago today and a year ago today
when we met we played Cluedo or clearly
the American version in her apartment
and I just checked because I didn't
believe her but this is true this is
exactly a year ago today that New York
27th of August uploaded in the 28th
that's so weird so weird
Roya cuts cookies she made him yes she
cooked him would you just heat them up
yeah did you bake him whatever else she
made it what she made cookies ice which
is it and then and there incredible yeah
on to the next game guys I caught a big
spider it's not that big isn't that big
is he gone
I don't know where he went right no it's
gone I do think you need a bit of shade
coming up like yeah three players make
Ludo ha ha hey anyone you're right oh
yeah you're at red lock is coming down
your chin there you need to cut you have
no it's just creeps me out
yeah well if you guys down your throat
oh he's not going out
oh this is my final desktop in the hunt
look let's see we got here master
bedroom we got bedroom oh why can't I
show it guess what
don't doing I was right you're right
well actually matter of fact I was right
here's the game's master
oh well it's the end of the night and me
and Evan are gonna crash rise pad that
she's got tonight I'm very very tired
but I've got a lot of commitments the
next few days I'm on an errand tomorrow
morning to deliver the suit trousers for
all the boys for the wedding because I'm
one of the groomsmen - I need to deliver
them from central London back down -
Stephen sorry for him to get them
pressed ready for the wedding so I've
got up early and head and do that and
hopefully gonna grab breakfast to these
guys before I start my day but it's been
missing a fun day it was a late start
but it's been cool seeing Raya again and
these guys and I am shattered so I'm
gonna head to base and catching the
morning peace out
enjoy life a little better
