good afternoon guys we are in Karachi in
Pakistan we with our friend Mars yo he's
going to be taking us around today we've
only got one day here we've had a bit of
a slow morning we just had lunch and now
we're going to go to a market place and
all the other thing is today that
there's this big procession like a
religious procession happening which
means there's a lot of roadblocks and
also the government have have like
turned off all the mobile phone networks
because you know there's a danger of
terrorism or weather so none of our
phones work either which is interesting
Mars can you explain to me what's going
on here at the moment with the
precession and this event very
significant Islamic event is taking
place right now it happens on the 8th
9th and 10th of air during the month of
summer
from the Islamic calendar yeah so most
of these people will be attending
processions and meetings that are known
as much Lissa's in which they talk about
events that happen in history and they
express grief and sorrow over them and
there was like two different types of
Muslim belief like there's a semisafe of
the sheer set it's a sheer sec mostly
that commemorates these events or
expresses grief during these months
although the semi site does feel similar
sentiments but then I didn't feel so
strongly about them okay easy if there's
a general respect amongst the whole
population for whatever happened back
then to which you can evidently see this
is a very busy street most of the shops
shut down
oh well I'll shut it down
yeah so Mercer saying he hasn't seen the
street this empty like even at 1:00 in
the morning it would be busier than this
normally so this is like a very rare
occurrence is that only once a year
and it happens to be that we are here on
this day so random
I love this is people playing cricket in
the street here set this up
good
meet up with you guys this coming down
right JP is up next
oh thanks pride both
Hey yeah how was it playing cricket or
the plank of wood like that's a good bit
right
that's what these containers for was
shipping containers to stop people from
entering a certain area that's been
cordoned off and you can see police
official this you know block the way and
make sure nobody comes by so we can't go
past there now
No ahaha wait photographed oh you know
it's good luck it's good luck bro in
Namibia when I got done well that in in
Namibia in my dad's old hangar oh yeah
no I do remember thank you that's so
kind a very nice
Wow look at that thank you amazing so
many people are stopping us and asking
for photos with us because I think the
truth is that not many white people come
there I think because of the apparently
since the I guess the early 2000s when
there's been a lot of conflict and
neighboring countries like Afghanistan a
staff and there's been a bit of a bit of
boy that's a trouble in Pakistan the
tourism is really plummeted and it's
meant that this there's really not many
people from the West coming here so yeah
I guess it's unusual for the locals to
see people white people so yeah we've
been getting a lot photos
I can wipe the smile off my face like
it's been like I just realize I have to
stop smoking for like you know it's just
constant like it's amazing it I can feel
kinda bad cuz we don't live in this
environment so we're just coming in and
like I feel like we're objectifying them
a little bit but we're also really
connecting with them and like having
some real true moment and there's like
no hostility so unsafe once I'm walking
around with a really expensive camera
like no hostility and and even when even
when the guys have declined us taking
photos it's like really polite it's not
like they're getting angry so nice
okay we're back at Martha's house and we
just going up into the roof of this
house I'm gonna throw the drone up and
see them get some cool shots oh yeah
where we're trying to fix the drone at
the gimbal it says gimbal vibration
abnormal and we don't know why
okay we managed to get the drone fixed
so we're going to take up the beach in a
minute golden hour is just arrived and
we are this going to be amazing there's
like camels horses every was just chilly
and was this beautiful it's the exit
Clifton bitch
this dude literally has a snake and
Cobra it's coming for us I'm just
chilling because you're the one that's
giving it
I think keep going
hey buddy I hope you doing okay sorry if
they work you're too hard you don't see
this kind of activity down at beaches in
like the US or anything this is like the
whole community outfit to have fun yeah
it's good fun it's just like an overload
to the senses like there's so much going
on around you like you know horses
camels Beach buggies people people yeah
fascinating people snake charmers what
the heck
we've come out to dinner now and we've
met out with mother's sister nibbler hey
never actually is the one who reached
out to us originally to come and hang
out so it's been super cool
yeah we just arrived it's like a seaside
restaurant right on the beach oh wow
this is amazing
all right we have chicken mohani
no chicken handy chicken handy dharma
hani vegetable handy chicken tikka
masala and we've got some naan bread was
it he said it spicy
it's 1:00 a.m. we're pretty much there
with all the things we're trying to get
sorted tonight we we've got a lot of
snacks and medication to make sure that
we can stay as well as possible in the
flight tomorrow I've got a lot of
packing and stuff to do and before we do
sleep I am gonna try and set up a tripod
and do a little interview I think the
greatest thing that I see in Pakistan is
is the will and design people to go on
despite whatever might have happened so
I mean there's a saying here in Karachi
that the general Karachi attitude is if
you fall down on the ground
you don't just stay there you get up you
dust your clothes off and you walk again
and you you're up and running again so I
think the greatest thing I feel about
Pakistan is despite all the odds the
people are still determined I love the
fact that I've met people from various
backgrounds and I'm able to reflect my
own life and listen to their experiences
and just I think that gives you a lot of
perspective when you look at the world
and the problems it has okay so I will
see you in a couple of hours guys we're
going to get up at 4 a.m. and never
wanted to say one last thing
