hey I'm Andrew I'm Jayden I'm Brandon
we're from Calgary Alberta but we're in
Shuswap British Columbia right now and
you're watching fun for Louie boom good
afternoon guys me and Darcy have come
down to common high street we're sitting
outside having some lunch and we're
waiting for lunch Ashley there's some
olives as a starter I've got a nice
amazing looking smoothie here
how are you dusty how's your first day
at college
now let's go first there college those
of you started college or birds know
back in school let me know below
there was a years since I had to go back
to anything after the summer
oh right check this out I've no idea
what's in here but it looks it looks
pretty yummy salad is a pretty new thing
to me
through fool a new adventure a column a
color very culinary culinary adventure
my mum and the ground floor come down to
join us it's my birthday today we did
celebrate on Friday but how old are you
today grandpa
86 Cheers
left my mom Darcy and my Grandpop London
to see Alfie and check a little bit see
some more 360 filming
only like a minute okay
so I've come to Hammersmith and we just
let the chase out me Alfie and Calum
gonna go find food should we should we
pick up a cactus for Olli I've just
found out that it's Joe son's birthday
today
and he has just arrived so we just wait
yes little mark yeah Joe is the actually
your birthday today
Yeah right wait there that right babe
yeah
no I didn't get what should have I got
one try this out yeah Dateline smoothie
it's nice right
it's like banana the choice giving us a
little house tour
this is the smallest toilet no I'll do
it do a demonstration joke aside it's
fine
if you feel like that I'm you right but
Butler we need maybe sit so i sit
sideways there you go there you go
Joe's had enough toilet with party with
the boys Casper and that lot me myself
well I hope you survive I think they've
got some some naughty stuff plan thank
you very much going with guys going with
Joe fine Louise viewers see you later
guys like was it peace out life
adventure boom yeah loudly
me and Alfie walking down to the river
we walk that way we're gonna basically
yesterday we tried to film a 360
conversation but it was a little bit
dingy in the room and that didn't come
out very well so I'm just learning how
to do this it's all a bit of trial and
error I'm just figuring out what works
see ya number one you can't is the rig
but also the battery life just like goes
hot and though so it's hard to see what
you're shooting on it go through so I
couldn't see until we've done it oh yeah
and I got home I looked at our man so
grainy yeah it's gonna be fun so we're
gonna go down and have another
conversation
by the river and the Sun is just setting
this could be quite nice but it's
Hammersmith bridge and there at the top
yeah we can't really go down here man we
know over there that's nice how do we
get there without getting over there
wait maybe we can play this is right
here it's just that gunky stuff there
all right I'm gonna find the highway
over to this platform can't believe how
low the river is it's crazy
this should be a nice spot for a 360
video how did that go Alfie that was
good and we finally got the vacation
sorted yeah we just caught the Sun it
sought the light before the Sun set and
yeah it's awesome
great location some people who watched
our videos walking past topic was really
good I feel I feel that we gave a good
rounded perspective of our opinions yeah
and this is like the first of many I
think 360 is cool because you can film
that amazing locations but you can also
be feel like you're involved with the
conversation and like sit down and like
 but something like discussion based
like what we just shot yeah but the
topic why's that we filmed being able to
be like immersed in the video 360 is
awesome I think it makes me feel like so
much more than part of the video yeah
yeah so guys I'll link Alfie the video
is filmed on that Alpha Channel it'll
probably be up he'll probably be when he
gonna put it up it up soonest so it
might not be up right when this video
goes but it will be you can go to this
channel at some point we up pretty soon
I was like walking on the dirty river
bed and then I crossed my legs when we
sat on the wall and I literally got mud
all over me so dirty River River sludge
not cool
guys I found Jack after years with
finally reunited we're coming for you
bow-bow doc Buddha's arrived
I got tofu Cory what did you get I hope
to crash we have some veggie spring
bolts oh this looks delicious
yes I'm that peanut butter how are you
doing anyway ma'am hey you seem happy
right
so good catch up we have an aisle eight
just meal Louie how I'm feeling right
yeah but you didn't eat any meat to meet
any me get spooked by this new journey
of exploring a whole new well are you
feeling full I me and chat have decided
to drive 40 minutes across London to
visit a friend Tim Jack's better friends
with him but he is like a I don't how to
describe him but he does like parkour he
easily he's an athlete enjoy warrior in
America didn't enjoy war in the UK is a
beast and the big thing is he's a vegan
and this is very intriguing to me
because when I think of veganism I think
freyal I think like yeah you're not
you're not fit you're like skinny and
basically are like malnourished but I've
been really intrigued to meet Tim up
with Tim again and just asked him a
little bit about like dire and like how
you can be basically like he's like a
tank and he's like super fit and he's a
vegan so I've just before flying out to
America tomorrow just thought
squeeze in right at the end of the night
just going over this to have a little
chat and catch up with him
and so that's what we're doing here he
is hello
we may be there how you doing bro I
thought we'd bring Jack alone yeah which
we pack up so it's straight or
can we get under she try we pulled in to
stay super long anyway bye I thought
it'd be cool to touch base anyway
yesterday it was like I was hoping I'll
be free earlier in the evening but it's
my fault the ice turned up Tim lives in
the same building his case I know the
sidemen check this out this is care saw
his new Lamborghini that looks like
spider-man scope on it
yes yes JJ loving the car JJ bringing
joy yeah dad made this worthless
I'm always out the countryside San
Francisco tomorrow so he just had an
enlightening time with Tim shieff we had
a great chat and learning some new
things it's the start of a beautiful
friendship
like I just wanted to touch base yeah I
just wanted to touch base before I go
away so we'll have some more time
together it's already like and then it's
like the way out gonna go and whilst I'm
driving back I'm I'm letting Jack play
around with my 360 leg go pros here's
the future I think and then I'm also
showing in my new Sony a7r he's getting
excited this is a good judges this is
gorgeous 3d polo
the axe good job Ashley she's mate what
is unjustly liking it I'm loving a
seminar I think Sonia make me such a
wicked camera they are okay I can't wait
to get my little rx100 back and lay the
screen breakfast is waiting for you in
San Francisco think as much as I like
the g7x it keeps on getting really dusty
inside the lens guys it's been another
fun day of catching up with people it
was great to see John earlier going wish
Joe happy birthday on Twitter and it was
amazing to see Jack haven't seen Jack
and months it's awesome to hear his air
and how having some time off is being
really good for him but yeah I've had a
great day I'm pretty exhausted Dave's
coming over tomorrow late morning
picking me up and we are flying to San
Francisco and to have another little
adventure in America so I'll catch you
in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
