my name is Kody Turner I'm from Toronto
Canada right now I'm in Trinity
Bellwoods Park with my morning coffee
and my dog kata and you're watching fun
for Louis good afternoon guys it's a bit
of a dreary day today me and my mum are
heading over to pick up my grandpa it's
his birthday next week because I'm away
for the weekend we're gonna take him out
for dinner tonight
birthday dinner before we head out you
just help my grandpa with something his
gardens become a little bit overgrown
say got in a gardener to do an
assessment I used to play here as a kid
I used to be a gooseberry bush here and
I know they're still there and there
used to be some wild strawberries and
the Patti I don't know they're still
here I always used to climb this tree
it's pretty good climbing try this on I
think I might actually go for a little
climbing tree I think you could actually
build quite a good tree house on this
tree just about big enough
hey grandpa up here
guys were just sitting here my grandpa
showed me this postcard this is a
photograph from a hundred years ago the
First World War and this is the fourth
Black Watch in Dundee and Scotland
heading off to war and he just pointed
out that this is his uncle and this guy
looking at the camera that's his dad
that's my great-grandfather a hundred
years ago
guys I'm looking through some old
postcards here and these are there this
is the year 1913 pass this one 1913 1910
look at 1910 over 100 years ago 1906
address to my great-grandfather that's
it isn't it Kay Kenneth I am still
enjoying my holiday and feeling much
better I hope you're keeping well we're
having splendid weather kind regards
that's in 1914 I can't do this what
Jackson we've collected my dad and
Dorothy and while you're heading out for
dinner Estrada we just walked in and
there was a power cut all the lights
just end up as we arrived what's that
about
this is really strange
it's other lives on another shop all
right we decided to stay and ER dinner
in the dark just like that restaurant in
London where it's pitch black the lights
just came back on there's a power cut
this whole time until you're right food
has just arrived and the electricity has
just cut off as we got served thank
Google hot food
we're who needs lights in these lights
we can eat in darkness I'm now driving
to Leatherhead to meet up with the boys
mike has organized a charity fundraiser
poker night before work is doing in
Romania
I'm gonna screen the vlog of the channel
crossing the big projector with all the
lads they haven't seen it yet so I'll be
going swimming
it's time to play some poker you get
some Mike what's all the money from
tonight going towards do cool things
good evening we are going to give us
great Somali I have a good laugh and
it'll go in some wards a trip we're
doing 20 yeah that's Romania in Romania
I'm speaking really cool village where
all my friends do work and we've got
some printed relationships and we
basically rebuild a house two families
are in and yeah making that's a
difference people said yeah actually
raise raise a bit of money also awesome
so let's let's gamble a lot and yeah
money yes my stack is looking a little
bit below over there
Allen just one like a million pounds I
went all-in and I don't know why Fitz to
leave me it's more people go are you out
way light we take poker sooo seriously
man it's time for a second dinner
don't leave please you should do it Matt
I've gone all-in with pocket aces and
pocket kings
oh hey everyone today is their winnings
how much have you made for Romania
tonight Mike the poker is all over
before everyone goes home I've had this
idea now they have you that being
subscribed to my channel for a long time
will remember right at the beginning of
my channel I uploaded a five-part series
from a trip that a bunch of us did in
America at school bus if you haven't
seen those I'll link them below and that
was only half of the trip I actually
haven't got around to editing the the
final five episodes I'm sorry I haven't
uploaded any in like two years
but the the finale is a trip which I
haven't uploaded yet was us driving all
the way to Anchorage in Alaska in a
massive school bus 15 of us and we sold
it to a guy a Lavazza guy tonight
Harry weeks so this guy called Harry who
was one of the founders of the Ice Road
Truckers Carlile shipping now my own
idea is that was four years ago my idea
is we give him a ring now see they still
got a school bus and if they have seen
those sell it back to us because mixed
some will be the five year anniversary
of the trip I'm thinking we should pick
it up in Anchorage to like China or
Russia and then try and drive it all the
way back to London now that's very
ambitious but quite an exciting idea
about the five-year anniversary what it
will mean is we would have driven the
full circumference of the globe by land
in that school bus so let's see whether
they still have it I'm gonna try and
call him now I'm here with Alan Allen's
one of the original road trippers from
2011 I was there when we bought the bus
yeah we you mean see ya guys check the
video below we bought it on eBay over
four years ago as for Steve was famous
remember that you know before I even was
really doing YouTube I think all right
just I love you just Google Carlisle
share thanks just you all right now I'm
just giving encourager yeah is they live
in Anchorage maybe someone can go there
maybe some maybe one of your viewers is
in Anchorage okay and those because if
he's apparently exhibits talent or
legend doesn't it
okay let's have a look so that open till
6:00 it's currently just gone 3 p.m. in
Anchorage cool hi there I'm looking for
Harry McDonald it was it's actually
regarding a vehicle that we sold at
Carlisle shipping four years ago I just
had an inquiry about it
Thanks
hi is this Ari hi Harry
okay um this is this is a bit of a long
shot my name is Louie
I was with 9 other guys in the end of
2011 like in September 2011 we we showed
up with a school bus a white school bus
and we sold it to you do you remember
that amazing yeah Wow yeah we'd be very
keen to to find out and and sometime to
get hold of that bus again do you think
you could help us track it down we'll
have to fix it up I imagine oh my god
like is actually still about guys it's
still we got the guy first cool like
straight away got through to the guy we
sold it to and he remembered us who
didn't sound angry that we talked about
how taken if it indicates the normal but
then he came to the Catholic Church
amazing
I guess he picks it up a little bit well
it must it must like to be enough just
to do yeah yeah yeah
bribe severe bags yes yeah which is
a bit further north isn't it guys I
think it's game on
I think it's game on to try and play
back and repair our vehicle and make you
remembered it and do this
okay guys I am buzzing about this return
road trip from Alaska I have spent all
evening making plans basically for next
summer create a Facebook group invited
all the original team members onto the
group and I've just been reminiscing
looking for old photos this is the bath
for those of you that haven't seen the
old video see this is the Niners that
made it or the ten of us that made it
all the way to Alaska to Anchorage five
of the guys actually ended up flying
back from Seattle early but I'll keep
you updated with this plan and let you
know how how it comes along and whether
we actually managed to track down the
school bus and whether it's actually for
sale or whether we can buy it but yeah I
can't believe we got through to that guy
who big hi we actually sold it see what
the chance is but yeah it's been a chill
day it's cool to see my grandpa it was
cool to have fun playing poker tonight
and raising money for and the stuff
Mike's doing in Romania and I'm gonna
head to bed I've got a fun weekend
planned and I'll see you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
