I'm John I'm currently staying here in
Old Lyme Connecticut and you are
watching fun for Louie boom good morning
guys today I'm on a bit of a mission
basically a week ago one of my backup
hard drives stopped working so I've
researched and data recovery people and
I'm heading over to one of them now to
investigate and see if I can get my data
back I don't know if any of you guys
ever lost data from hard drives but it's
not a good feeling I really hope they
can they can recover
well I handed the harddrive over and
they said they'll let me know tomorrow
morning if there's anything they can do
to recover the data so they can just got
home daddy's make some cheese place
these my fresh haps stories in the girl
yet
so I just made myself a little coffee
I'm cracking up with some editing laptop
club and then I think Davis sitting over
in a little bit hangout a days so Dave
popped over briefly and we we had a good
catch up before heading to Oslo tomorrow
I'll tell you about that later but a bit
of a surprise my granny and uncle Tim
have come over for for dinner
yeah so we're just getting just getting
some dinner what you cook for dinner dad
it's a chicken in a bit of a ratatouille
source hmm and then we've got a grated
courgettes and we've also broccoli I
think there's a bit of a mix what can't
wait
we finished dinner says goodbye to my
uncle and granny Yeah right what these
dogs do not spit my bags down say hello
to everyone
we're doing the late-night walk with the
dog thief everyone in the back here FB
Ben Babli oh yeah wait it met healthy
before right they were gonna frame in
the light and they'll be making friends
is helping that believable yeah no no no
they haven't met I think they never
never pop oh when he was really small
yeah with monkeys don't get so much
bigger hello Alfie making fun just
worried about her selfie what do you
think what do you think of these dogs
she's bossy idiot very much
Comanche vegetables yes play I hope you
like you want me to run that fast way to
make it safe quinoa healthy yeah
delicious what you cooking up over here
see we've got some sort of a tomato
sauce which is just pretty much Tim
domotics some fresh tomatoes and basil
II trying to sing it in and then just
frying up some chicken breasts so that
people who don't want to be vegetarian
be nice and then we've got the kale over
here and the email over there it's just
gonna be like a kind of combine your own
yeah way sweet and if you want to watch
more cooking stuff head over to espies
channel it's got some amazing videos
more to come yeah the boys just sat down
to eat spend where is it all your food
gone bro well cuz I didn't have to wait
til on the veggie chain yeah there's a
crazy train
no I always did vegetarian yesterday
okay chicken soup that's it and then I
had like vegetarian dinner
nope do the Cabbage Patch Kid
how's your day been been good yeah yeah
yeah my bike helmet little microphone in
it little joy on the side yeah
oh my gosh it's worth it though we do a
bit training this evening all right
you're feeling fit and health with your
wedding Steve yeah you looking trim man
getting all the dogs together
hello fight I goof a stay that's
actually good that he's late now Oh
ladies time to go blue
come on come on
see in the morning Ben yeah no way
when's our flight find 50 we'll get so
we get up like 300 feet
you owe me but think he's ready to go
right Steve why we had him back to Ben's
yeah where'd you tell me cameras at now
let me ask you something what's he gonna
ask me a bloody forgot my bag we got
although about the thieves house and
then he's like where's my bag in two
hours
oh my good these lights anyway I know
you nut job
hello I've come to collect a bag you're
naked got it
this is the thing right right I'm gonna
try on my jackets these wedding are
getting around you're killing me yeah
okay yeah it's not sure isn't it thank
you much project
okay awesome I knew this might be tight
really was this we upgraded see you
ordered a 14 and now this is 42 and I
think this is your actual size this is
my size the other thing I'm not quite
myself it's a bit tight yeah you'll be
more comfy in that as well and also
there so this is like a classic dinner
jacket this is like shiny satin
oh well Pittsburgh this is called a
shawl lapel I using it yeah I just need
to get a bow tie and the trousers good
stubble a or shall I go like clean
shaven no I like that right I'm
supplement as well I'm not going yeah
only typically no no I like that as
good-looking smart right and you're
wearing your jeans yeah Steve's pax is
back I've got my bags packed
we've got like a couple of one hours
sleep maybe I'm gonna be sharing the
safe with Bay okay can I sleep here Bay
I sleep
honestly bear they and yeah well catch
you guys it didn't literally one out at
the tap is coming and we're gonna go to
the airport who's coming on this flight
been Sammy Dave Jake gasps Jake gasps
Jake Alex a lot of people and yeah
heading to Osley see you in see then see
hidden like oh man we can be safe I've
already got peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
