hey my name is Kelvin I'm from the
Netherlands right now in France
you unlock this ink wa and you're
watching funforlouis and joy boo good
morning guys
I've been resting up today and I'm
heading back down from London to my
parents house I'm going to hang out
Darcy and also get a bit more work done
on my dreads because they need to look
super neat for Steve's wedding next week
so I'm just going to jump on the
underground back to Waterloo
I go right back my parents house sitting
at lunch
how you doin up yeah doing good you have
a nice holiday time this hat France no
guess huh
yeah ten clicking tan I'm just showing
my dad to 360 video I just uploaded
how's that experience though yeah we
good I'm gonna have to watch it ten
times to get every angle yeah see
wherever he's doing here amazing just
need to wrap around screens yeah watch
home we have finished lunch and Sylvia
has arrived again to help me out we're
gonna do something quite crazy today I
think it's crazy anyway I think we said
it last time she's due Madrid last week
was it last week
yeah reason anyway this fat red here we
are going to split in two hopefully
mm-hmm you're gonna try and brush it out
yep
so in order to do that you have to take
it all apart and I've done a plenty of
times I'd done on like almost hundred
dreads of mine and read read into two
because it is super heavy like cause you
can't see it and it's kind of like
pulling all the sculpt and that's the
reason why was always like a fluff and
it doesn't go in because there's a lot
of space from the scarf to the dread you
know basically yeah we'll do a dreadlock
operation through there no scalpels
involved see but she'll show you
progress as we're going yes this could
take a while
yeah exactly you never know is all
because different dreadlocks are kind of
tied up in different strengths like yeah
this could be they're easy or very hard
I like to iron a it's gonna be very hard
up yeah yeah higher I can do but we'll
see
okay now good
whoa it looks like it's some kind of
animal tail
oh yeah like a donkey tail
hey guys don't freak out but this is the
hair that's come out of the dress so I'm
losing loads of hair brettly also inside
my dress that's weird
that's just like dirt and sand and stuff
for me I was just like yeah that's not
happened
oh my god this is probably like gathered
from all around the world like if you
had that analyzed they'd be there from
literally every continent wake up see
now Sylvia yep brushing it we washed in
conditioner and water you can see like
you have natural waves oh wow yes do you
remember your parents vaguely and you
hit it so much hair has come out guys
we're gonna try and weave this back in
again it looks like a little animal
so this is how far we gone so far that's
crazy
this is still yet to be washed that's
the hair over here over here but again
you're not gonna lose it it's still
gonna end up going back in yep
absolutely no not even joking sufficient
for you
Wow look guys I've got real hair
Wow look at that
do you think that's like halfway done
yet yeah that's crazy
look at these hair balls guys these are
I had no idea this was gonna happen dad
set that for that in your head that
wasn't it
so that looks great I'm sharing there
I'm sharing my head they're just
thinking about putting these in the
distant missing yeah you like that to be
higher we can make the wig of Rhea Cuban
here we yeah I'm gonna have this in
graphic lose hair guys we have been
going for hours almost there unraveling
this dread it's a lot of work a lot of
hard work for Sylvia Thank You Morgan we
helped me yeah I wish you good man
because there's something else like I
can't cook my stuff oh yeah thanks dad
so we need 360 serving the next thing
you can smell what comes up yeah yeah so
we just were just re-energizing with
some lovely food guys I'm opening a
package has arrived
oh wow whoa these are the shoes after
we're to Steve's wedding so it all going
to be dressed the same moment the truth
Oh kind of tight
I think we're good I think they're good
oh we're good
you need a head new tap dancer I also
had a shirt delivery - let's try this on
see this fit this is really tight don't
have to undo but yeah this is good
I've been warned this is quite heavy
question okay Taylor trick
right back to removing the dread good
luck dreadlock deconstruction undergoing
yeah almost almost there so very soon it
will be revealed how it looks just the
hair that's taken about four hours I
think well it's 10:00 now night it's not
actually as no new computer
oh yeah yeah half the moon for us so
five hours of Xillia is basically five
hours yeah take on dread so weird
that's where
oh I see we have managed to untangle the
whole dreadlock I am in shock but she
now needs to wash it properly yep so
yeah if you could just lean in as much
as you can
yeah all right be great
that's so crazy time to create new
dreadlocks one down
all right show people how you do this
because this is what I think will
interested in Oh okay so all this it's
just very beginning to go ahead so you
separate the first section you want to
use yeah you self-intersection so we
split that one dry look into two so yeah
because you can top and then now you
just start kind of twisting it and
ripping it just do the void
so from one dreadlock we went to two
deluxe so this whole area oh wait yeah
this whole area was one good look and
now to magic what like 2500 hours later
I'm so sorry welcome so as you can see
like everything is possible jealous you
don't have to cut them out because those
are people think I always thought I had
to only select accompanied by everyone
give it up now you know what to do only
takes 5 hours to take one drive okay I
just got to quickly Hoover up the mess
we made
pickle hat that's so grimy
I'm now rushing to the train station to
drop Silvia of because she's kindly
stayed all laughing in an all evening
and she's barely gonna catch the last
train oh well thank you so much all
right good bye
Thanks
well guys I have had a pretty chilled a
very non eventful hopefully you were
quite interested in the art of dreadlock
making and removing but other than that
yeah really not that much just being
relaxing after the kind of whole Sierra
Leone trip and just getting its rest
before heading off again I'm going to
Oslo in Norway on Friday for a few days
for Steve's stag day or bachelor party
for Americans watching and yeah just
trying to get as much rest as possible
before then I hadn't told you guys but
I've been feeling a little bit poorly a
little bit ill but I'm battling three I
think I'm going to be ok I will catch
you tomorrow
I'm going to head over to Steve's and
try my tuxedo which I'm wearing for his
wedding and yeah see tomorrow peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
