I'm Nathan Frank's here in Teton
National Park and you're watching fun
for Louie boom good morning guys I just
come down from my room and before we
head off today the national director of
World Vision has come down to have a
little chat I want to ask more questions
about the Ebola crisis and what's been
happening here in Sierra Leone so we're
just gonna have a little sit-down and
hopefully we can just both here a little
bit more about and what's been happening
here so when did I Ebola first breakout
in Sierra Leone can you tell me a bit
about what happened and how you
experienced it yeah we had the first
kids around at the end of me in Thailand
districts it came as a mysterious
disease and a lot of assumptions were
made a lot of people misconceptions a
lot of wrong ideas we are thrown about
and that confused everybody you don't
trust anyone everybody is a suspect to
you how do you touch anyone how do you
deal with people how do you walk how do
you move around how all of those social
things were totally disrupted completely
but was still especially when it hits
free town and they are not well prepared
to cope with this it at that time we are
talking about safe burial at a time
people where they will call but then
they would have touched the cops would
have done a lot of things by the time
they call and we will not fight prepare
there were not enough burial teams or or
assage to take ops to collect options so
if it goes for more than a day or two
people there are instances where people
who are brought the copses out of the
homes and put them on the way are they
on the footpath which was very scary I
was here throughout the Civil War I was
never afraid as I was for Ebola because
for the Civil War I knew where the
warfront was and I would avoid it but
for Ebola you don't know where they were
from is everybody around you is a
suspect it can happen to you besides as
mistake you are gone what has been the
main things that have helped ever stayed
and helped you come back here and what
do you think needs to continue in order
is very not to come back people we are
resisting calling for safe burial
because of certain traditional issue
certain cultural practices we were able
to bring in the religious leaders to
perform some religious rights without
going close without talking from a
distance before the coppices second a
week and that was a game changer burials
we are the major source of transmission
and because we were able to address it
we are able to break that area of
problem then that's brought the whole
thing under control could you share some
of the good things that you think it's
coming from the Ebola crisis well first
of all it has it it has it's a sudden
awakening for us to appreciate how bad
our l-system walls so the communities
are more aware now of some of those
things that they were supposed to have
that they go up they are now demanding
those things and they want those things
to be there civilian we don't want to
recover because we don't want to go back
to where we are before Ebola we want to
transform our systems to make sure we
can get our steps to the level that can
stand the test of time I would like to
sit to the world first of all I want to
say a big thank you to the world for the
support they gave during the outbreak
and the supports they continue to give
what I want to say that they should not
give up the war is still on against
Ebola and therefore together as a world
we should be together to solve it
therefore I'm asking all those in power
in ethology our world who can offer
support to come around the three
countries say Leone Liberia keen to see
how they can support them to establish a
system that will transform their health
education social food security wash
systems so that this sort of situation
will never happen again you will be able
stand we will be able to stand the test
thank you right
we've grabbed our bags now and I got a
pizza for the guy and we are heading to
the airport where my jumping should put
my bag in the back yeah
hey Bujji yet yeah that's good All Right
see you later uno got my pizza
first up at the airport hand washing
ok doc temperature squeaking again one
more hand washing station
Frankie
I think top a little leaflet that would
go like to learn a little bit more
guys i just got handed my boarding pass
and i dropped it down that little gap
I'm so clumsy
whoa
how is very much
yeah yeah before we board we're having a
little snack jerk chicken and I'm
getting rid of all the money that i
didn't spend here that millions we were
told we weren't falling for like another
20 minutes or it ordered food and
everything but now we've been told that
everyone is waiting for us on the plane
quickly I'm almost done Scotty more
chips we're having to rush now
apparently everybody's looking for us is
everybody looking for us we're here
let me get the facts no we missed it
what you missed the bus can't we just
walk it's not very far panic over the
bus came back for us
life is literally hofbauer not even like
20 minutes in there is actually this is
the time we were supposed to take off so
good
we're basically trying to make a way
back to Paris and keep on fire somewhere
else and they learn another country I
think we're Guinea maybe
look go can you see that rainbow yes
rainbow so guys I unplug this TV and put
in my extension lead and now I'm sharing
the wealth sharing the power but
everyone
we've been here probably two hours and
got laptop club going on where's your
laptop oh I make some space
people have started boarding but for
some reason they just called rhyaz name
so she's running over there to check
what's wrong a little bit late sorry
London yeah thank you
is the middle of the night where a few
hours from Paris I'm going to get some
sleep before a big day tomorrow I think
this is quite ambitious of material but
we're going to go to summer in the city
which is the UK big YouTube conference
it's the third day of it so we've missed
a couple of days but we thought let's
try making the last day despite probably
getting there with no sleep
but it's been a brilliant trip
I think hopefully I've shown you guys a
little window into Sierra Leone and
would have been through how they were
covering and
it's weird on the way out i gassed by
the journalist and I was like I think so
then I was like maybe I am I kinda
journalist just just doing it my own
weird little way
anyway I'd like to do a lot more trips
like that many people sharing their
stories so if you have any suggestions
of things i should do or places i think
we should go please comment below and be
great
and catchy in the morning in paris peace
out enjoy life and live in HR
you
