good morning guys it's day why is it day
five I don't know thank you Dave life of
the lived adventure Africa trip we are
in the Samara Game Reserve which is like
a 12-hour drive where took us 12 hours
yesterday from Cape Town and it's a bit
of a lazy day today because it's raining
unfortunately but that's good for us
we're just lounging around how you guys
doing yeah oh yeah looking up the
animals we're hopefully gonna see some
of these the next couple of days yeah
yeah okay okay so we're gonna do an
early morning game drive tomorrow say
thank you how you doing Chelsea yeah
cool right breakfast time how's everyone
doing yeah have you seen any animals yet
oh yeah we saw a massive spider the
rains gonna take gas out they go
specifically for the black-and-white Ron
okay so please make sure you make
clothes shoes because we do checking on
foot laptop Club is underway this is
cool this is nice having some down time
time for lunch you're filming me screw
this up yeah brain you've made
so the back of the garden here there's
an electric fence with like thousands of
volts going through it to stop the
elephants getting in the garden well you
just put your hand on it and all of a
sudden I just jump like a foot in the
air and like literally like went
unconscious for a second I didn't even
know what happened I'm just like shucks
oh my god it could have killed you but
just now literally just this is a kid
because I went to camping they have
these like on the farms in there yeah
but these are way higher voltage for the
we've spent the entire morning chillin
and getting work done we're about to go
out on our first game drive some of
which I think we're doing like a walking
Safari we're gonna be tracking rhinos
and they have black and white rhinos
here and as you saw the other day I've
borrowed this amazing 150 to 600 sigma
lens so I'm gonna be yeah trying to get
some cool shots for this I've never shot
with the lenses big this is crazy
you're gonna drive to where the Rhinos
the rough the rough area the runners are
in their wing the traffic
all right we've spotted our first animal
it's a leg one look of one leg one or
rock monitor monitor lizard monitor
basically so very typical look at that
tongue yeah um give a nasty boy Huracan
well they don't have teeth but they have
that typical lizard mouth so they can
draw blood and then some people talk
about the tail that they hit you with a
tail so they do get a little bit
aggressive
so it's rare to see them like that yeah
usually they run all foster right I mean
the summer especially they were very
active in the winter you don't see them
at all cause they're hibernating so
underground in rocks
and here we have a wild criminal let's
go okay we've just jumped out because we
saw a tortoise walking across the road
this is a leopard tortoise and they can
grow up to they can grow up to 90 years
old I think
get some drying shots - despite a monkey
bunch of granite images joining this
lens pretty difficult to use
so this is this could be dangerous if
things go wrong sneaking up to the
Rhinos hopefully we don't startle them
one of the rhinos
we found the Rhinos again we saw rhinos
we didn't see the trough Taylor how are
the giraffes this is so good one nice
evening cheers guys so many snacks we
have tonight what just happened what
just happened you get the first time
yeah
oh yes right okay you got Poncho's on
it's getting a bit chilly so cute
okay we have arrived BAM it's dinnertime
so if dinners outside oh thank you
dinner is finished and we are getting
around the fire pit for some deep chats
every night we've been asking deep
questions and all going around and
answering to get to know each other yeah
this is the circular trust it's been an
amazing day doing some Safari drives
seeing some beautiful animals but this
evening was even better for me that we
could have dinner together in such a
beautiful location and then things got
super deep after dinner
we had some really kind of vulnerable
chats together and I guess a big part of
putting this whole trip on wasn't just
about the luxury place we say in Cape
Town and some of the activities have
been doing and you know I guess making
the most of this as a trip but also that
being the foundation or I mean that
being the net the the framework for us
to get to know each other better and to
build stronger friendships and yeah get
deep and get chatting about a real life
and
how to do things now to change things
so anyway things got deep tonight there
may have been tears and yeah I think
it's good to get raw and real and it was
community I feel like that's what we're
doing it's good it's really good and
everybody seems to be enjoying
themselves and I'm glad that
everything's working out because this is
the first trip of this scale that we've
put on like this and I yeah hoping we
can do many more anyway I'm gonna go to
sleep now and tomorrow we have to get up
super early we're getting up at like
5:30 for a morning game drive to find
some elephants so I'll see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
