hey guys I've got a very special video
for you today taking a little break from
the world trip vlogs which I hope you're
enjoying but this is a vlog that I
actually filmed before all of that back
at the beginning of August where I went
and visited the Ubisoft headquarters in
the UK and got to try out the new
Assassin's Creed game which is out now
it's released but back then this was all
top secret so yeah I hope you enjoy it's
a little bit of a different video but
yeah check it out so today I'm meeting
up with the Ubisoft team to see the
latest on Assassin's Creed origins as
you remember a couple of months ago I
went to the e3 gaming convention when
they announced Assassin's Creed and got
to see it then it's still before release
date now but I'm getting to see a little
sneak peek of how they're getting on and
chat to some of the developers and the
team and stuff and I'm pretty excited
guys this is Sam one of the guys at
Ubisoft he's shown me this collection of
they're not toys are they're like models
collectible okay so I'll tell was the
first assassin the game has got to meet
after outs highear there's several
statues of this guy he's a big fan
favorite this is Ezio Auditore where we
get old man Ezio bit sexy with a beard
and this is also where the story moved
to Constantinople Assassin's Creed 4
Black Flag took the Assassin's through
to the water and the Pirates of the
Caribbean the significance of Black Flag
aside from being my personal favorite
Assassin's Creed game is this is the
team who the development team who are
making Assassin's Creed origin yeah one
of the amazing things about Assassin's
Creed one of the things that makes the
franchise so popular is the the cities
that the developers are recreating are
you know they're pretty much inch for
inch stone for stone as those cities
were and then they bring them to life
with you know the AI and the NPC
characters in them
we work very very closely with
historians to ensure that everything is
you know as close to reality as it could
be and there was an instance with
syndicate where one of the historians
we've been working with came in to see
the game running for the first time and
he was shown this Victorian England
living and breathing and apparently was
very very close to tears at the time
because reading sort of moved by this
because it was something he'd spent his
entire life studying brought to life in
front of him and that's I think is
something that's been behind the entire
series from our tyre at the beginning
all the way up to biock who you met
briefly in LA is wanting to really you
know really put gamers and fans in these
locations in these time periods and you
know on top of a twisting thrilling sort
of story that you get to play out also
just to show you really how these how
these cities worked back then so that
was a little rundown of the history of
Assassin's Creed and now we're going to
go and check out biak and Assassin's
Creed origins oh this is a serious
gaming room okay guys I have sat down
now I've been dropped in Alexandria the
city in ancient Egypt and I'm just gonna
have a little explore also I'm in
discovery mode so this isn't the mode
where I'll get missions and I fight
people this is just purely to walk
around and view it and I think this is
like potentially for people just to look
at the history of the place and there's
like information so it's like an
educational version of a game which it
actually is more interesting to me just
to be able to look around you and learn
about it I'm at the gates the gates of
Alexandria also seems to be the middle
of the night
it's cool that it's nighttime all the
lot all the lanterns are lit up or the
fire okay I don't know where I'm going
we're just gonna walk up these stairs
and check out some of these big temples
and stuff I'm gonna try and get as high
as possible okay I'm just gonna keep I'm
gonna go up every staircase I can to get
a view of the highest point I'd love to
know what how much of this map is still
there we're there any of its still there
or whether it's all from dis old like
historical records of the place some of
these must be like ancient ruins now
some of these buildings I love the kind
of like haze through this I guess we're
in a temple this is like incense burning
down there check it and then like all
the lights diffusing through it it's so
cool I look up all the offerings as well
food offerings ha to this god oh what's
his name oh it's in Greek does anyone
read Greek then all that says a little
wonder
oh wow check that out
look at the pyramids yeah guys if you
remember when I was at e3 I was on the
boat and we were like having fun in the
water I think I feel that it's gonna be
crocodiles in there again it's so good
like the war the water war and all this
stuff
well let me try and get in the boat oh
yeah boy I like that I'm just gonna
borrow your boat okay sweet yes sailing
into golden hour quickly the Sun through
the sail
imagine it's sailing was this easy you
could just lean back flying are there
he's like over the motorboat spinning
around the camera mode is like I've got
a drain I think I could just spend hours
running around discovering this place
must have taken so long to like find out
all the information about like the
statues and the designs of the intricacy
and all the buildings is mad if these
the pyramids the modern pyramids that
you can see that you can visit from
Cairo right now yeah yeah the Great
Pyramid of Giza so I just don't remember
this mountain range and I was there in
the game do you get to meet like the
Pharaohs and stuff yes so there's
there's we've got our own cast of
characters in the game with BAE and his
family and the order of the ancients who
are the sort of the proto Templars oh
yeah this is this is incredible whoa
yeah there you go that was the Tower
so that's Alexandria that was where we
were where we first decided to come up
the pyramids and then we finally made it
and then this is the little pyramid I
tried to climb I was the one before it
was the big one yeah so these are the
three the main three pyramids and then
the Sphinx should be down there
somewhere just there so then it's got
bit of sand on it there's the Sphinx
though and then one of these fries yeah
and this must be the ones I climbed and
then this mount all of this terrain has
changed in real life but I guess because
it was thousands of years ago it's well
it's yeah at the time of the game you
concede all this area around all the
pyramids would have been temples and it
would have been where priests live and
you know people who weren't able to be
buried within the pyramids would have
been buried around here because they're
deeply religious area is very sacred
yeah but you can see how the desert
starting to reclaim it already yeah so
all the the Nile with the droughts and
and you know and the weathering of the
area that when it dried up more and the
desert came in it
started to claim all these areas here
which is why they've become more
abandoned I said guys I'm gonna leave it
there I've had a fun I could like I said
I could spend days just exploring this
and I'm sure people will so today you've
seen Alexandria and sees that the area
around the pyramids and that accounts
for maybe twenty percent of the total
map Wow and creates a lot more cities
and and places to go and check out
brilliant incredible yes so hopefully
enjoyed that video guys like I said
something a little bit different and
check out the link below if you want to
go and download assassins creed origins
and yeah we'll be back to the normal
upload schedule tomorrow on the world
trip videos I think we are currently
flying across Australia and yeah I'll
catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
