hi my name's Steve this is the liquor
Hill it's just outside Birmingham it's a
beautiful summer's morning
beautiful view you're watching fun for
Louie peace out boom
good morning guys I've come down to get
some breakfast in South Kensington and
Rio is getting an awesome Instagram look
how cool our breakfast looks yeah I'm
kind of jealous I'm gonna have to try
some of your dish we've moved to a
bigger table because chair Lucy we
stayed up late playing games last night
yeah briar and Evan got carried away
see you later guys my pizza morrow
guys I'm now heading off on a very
important mission to take the groomsmen
surrounded to deliver them 15 to get
pressed before the wedding tomorrow so
yeah I've been given a very important
task hopefully I don't let Steve down
this so a Verizon Farringdon apparently
this is where bastards with these food
trousers so gonna wait here between down
and I'm gonna jump in the Nuba I'm a
little bit late to deliver them to Steve
but I think you saw this there he is
yo man they're good how many trousers
are these all the replacement so we
should be suited and booted I supposed
to meet Seaver to but I'm not gonna get
that time where you're meeting it
morally servicing a subsidy okay here
wait all right I have the package guys
so I'm only gonna be half an hour later
Steve which isn't too bad so I was gonna
be later than that hopefully you can
still get these to get pressed in time
yeah almost completed I'm back my
parents after successfully delivering
the trousers and Silvio's arrived again
before last-minute dreads neaten up
before and before the wedding tomorrow
so like Andy yeah really pretty for the
wedding with my suit and nice
so we are halfway done actually more
than halfway yeah and it only taken in
few hours so far so yeah because this
just took a little meeting up procedure
before wedding yeah yeah I'm excited to
be looking my best when I've tried to
sit or lay arms oh I'll show you you
guys have seen the blog later but I
think I think I'm gonna look look my
best
not scruffy even the dress you can look
classy and yeah you'll see what do you
think dice it up I'm pretty sure then
like I needed I needed it up not just
roots but like along all the parts it
never gets really me - yeah it's those
types yeah it's great
that look looking good
really neat yeah Silvia suggested
tucking in all the ends she's thinking
if I talking all the loose threads that
usually like to flare out the back then
it we look even neater just for the
wedding all right Silvia's oh thanks
again bye guys it is a beautiful evening
this is like my cousin kind of evening
warm sunny
I haven't been around for much of the
British summer but I'm glad that at
least there's a couple of days where
it's not raining set a plan now is
because it's the night before the
wedding for the groomsmen we tell all
the guys that went away to Norway
hanging out we're going to stay at the
Hilton hotel together have some bonding
time gorilla suits ready basically get
ready in the morning and then head to
the wedding together so I am getting
dropped over at the hotel now right look
at these boys pave you just chilling
ready ready for the big day
was the way for Steven the other boys to
arrive we decided to make you to the
hotel facilities and we're gonna go and
chill in the hot tub yeah cheek a little
sauna
unfortunately the hot tub was broken but
Steve has shown up
this is his wedding car check that out
finally all the groomsmen have United we
just ordered food it's quite late it's
like it's just content just content to
see oh the last night of freedom
today viz the masseuse for the night
just relaxing everyone before the way I
want to I want to masseuses I'm so
jealous right now
I ordered the onion rings what do they
look like are you saying they usually
look better than that no no don't worry
about actually I haven't
yeah yes then it's headin off leaving
the crew see in the morning he's doing
the filming Jake is doing some
last-minute shirt mending needle and
thread yeah yes bro what are you doing
is that Dave sure is that Dave shirt
just a first but we are retiring to the
bedrooms we're staying in different
bedrooms and meeting again tomorrow
morning to get our suits on and
everything so I won't be able to show
you my seat today but you see some
photos well we can Instagram some photos
of us yeah well Instagram photos
basically I'm taking the day off
tomorrow just to give Steve some privacy
and to enjoy the wedding without someone
lugging it how you feeling Steve I'm
here you ready for the big day
yeah like learn how to learn those how
to make a bow tie to tie a bow tie
real one apparently Superboy and yes but
you seem relatively calm man like I
would be quite stressed out mr. and mrs.
Knight all right guys men Bastyr in our
room
vas designing a shirt ready for tomorrow
morning and I'm gonna sign out here I'm
excited I feel like it's gonna get all
emotional tomorrow
Steve's already said he's definitely
gonna cry but yeah it's it's a big day
it's a really big day and I will catch
you the following day and I'll let you
know all about it
and I'll let you know how it went All
Right see you then
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
