hi my name is Nealon I am on the top of
broken top
it's my 17th birthday but now you're
watching fun for Louie good morning guys
we've just finished breakfast and we're
heading to another World Vision
Development Project let's do it what's
happened
are we here bump to your heart and the
bump that's cracked you need something
to screw it on that side yeah we miss it
not even broken
he hit that bump quite hard
well look at this look at this car what
these roads are crazy guys not only if
we hit some massive potholes and broken
the bumper these guys over here are
fully stuck in a ditch like ridiculously
stuck whoa
that is serious
we're gonna save the day I'm gonna try
and tell them out Thank You More
I know but if we got icon you like yeah
that much that me better to put out
it's gonna hit it's just gonna to try
yeah yeah that's better that's better
are there
this is where is handy having a foreword
for a Bigfoot web for I don't name the
Wonder wagon would have done very well
out here
these roads are crazy
yes come on
goodbye we seem to have lost our ride
how we gonna walk are we walking
now the other taking a lot of people to
push out yeah yeah there's actually it's
amazing because I feel the rock you'll
never bore no cool
I think I need one of these guys 22
Landcruiser you saved the day Frank and
save the day so we were right in an area
called loop food oh look it's no chicken
hello chicken
you've arrived in the area for dog food
and one of the things that World Vision
have been doing in this area is teaching
children drama and ways to educate them
about Ebola so we're about to watch a
little theater production from the kids
look at this little chicken before we go
me the kids you can be the chief of the
village here for you this is a special
opportunity we have and a unique one
where you don't have the caliber of
people we now have in front of us what
we shot in the permanent rule to become
aware emmalin spear and deadly when I
survived Ebola
only one man aggressive God and that
means to be redeemed rose but that was
pretty awesome guys we met the chief of
the village and a lot of the important
people in the area including a pastor
and an imam who are friends and they've
got quite an inspiring way of the
Muslims and the Christians working
together I guess in the crisis of Ebola
and all the other things going on it's
drawing people together as a community
which
amazing to say we're just going a little
snack
this guy's pretending like he's got a
very long
the medics have shown up he's back from
hospital he survived yes it's so much
because they reported it early and they
dialed one more seven digit we need
water three yeah the chief of the
villagers just show me this award they
were given from the government for their
outstanding leadership role in the
bowler emergency response that's amazing
well done
besides it good job good job
yeah let's get a photo
well that was a fun little dance it was
also pretty amazing seeing the drama
performances they did educate people
about Ebola and the rich stuff we're now
walking over to an office and we're
going to partake in a radio show they
can interview us and we're going to talk
to some of the locals so I've just found
out that the tune this guy's playing on
the megaphone behind me is the national
Ebola Sun we have arrived
we need to clean our hands
this guy's my name on the poster
hello I'm Louisville I'm from the UK and
I'm honored to be here thank you for
inviting me to your area it's been
amazing to hear how people have come
together as a community admits all of
the troubles that are going to sprawl
and the problems that have happened
because of it and it's been
inspirational for me to see that people
are surviving and I'm able to share
share this with my audience around the
world because I make videos every day on
the internet on YouTube and people will
be fascinated and inspired hundreds of
thousands of people will hear the
stories that you share with me and I
feel again honored to be in
this is the kid into me thanks man
that's great
that was fun being on live radio
definitely no other saying but I think
you'll go away with it
I want to join in the drumming now yes
Bruno
goodbye goodbye nice to meet you bye-bye
what is going on here
what
someone come
is this an Ebola team
uber uber is yeah so it's not a not an
infected body
well different when they don't know very
very Ebola style okay okay that make
sense
the technology still annoying whether
they of people are not to bear you the
same way okay so everybody that dies is
buried in that way
we're back at hotel and I've been
resting up for a couple of hours getting
some editing done just got some dinner
delivered to my room and yeah I'm in a
bit of a reflective mood after today I
think it's hard to grasp how people have
been affected fully and seeing
communities come together and find ways
to kind of protect each other and look
after each other
in such an amazing way it's moving and
just that the kids like I don't know if
I've explained that they have been out
of school since the whole Ebola crisis
happened obviously it's a way to stop
that spreading teenage pregnancy
skyrocketed basically because there was
a lot of children and teenagers around
but to see the communities pull together
and protect their villages and educate
children through some of the drama group
we saw today and through involving them
in like at that children's club and the
radio show and stuff I just think it's
brilliant to see and like I said earlier
as well the Christians and the Muslims
joining together you often don't see
that around the world I think Sierra
Leone is known as one of the kind of
forerunning countries for kind of
religions unifying together so that's
great to see but there's just a lot to
digest there's a lot to process from
today but I felt very privileged and
honored to to be welcomed as a guest to
those towns amongst all the things
they're trying to deal with it was it
was incredible and I'm looking forward
to another day tomorrow and seeing what
else is going on and some other projects
this is quite a life-changing trip and I
have linked below in the last couple of
videos as well ways that you guys can
get involved and donate towards the work
with World Vision are doing some of the
things we're seeing their children that
are being sponsored both so just general
donations to the work say let's link
below and you know or catch in morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
