hey guys what is up my name is Isaac now
I live in the beautiful Christchurch New
Zealand and you are watching fan for
Louie boom good afternoon guys I've had
a relaxed day so far my parents sorting
some of my things out I'm just sorting
through a lot of the things I often
don't have a chance to when I'm
travelling so that is my junk I'm
working my way to minimalize my
belongings I am now gonna head out with
my friend Nick who's just arrived to
pick me up we're gonna go and find some
kind of adventure to have this afternoon
yeah tonight I brought my swimming gear
so this really would urge to gonna fight
about yeah I got my swimming stuff okay
oh let's just go cruising we might hit
some rush hour
we decided we were a little bit peckish
and in need of some coffee syru swamp
our little starbucks get a snack before
heading to a spa that nick is felt oh
yes let's get
choose Nick
this double vlogging swap ruin the
internet life let me do it
they broke it guys today's weather it's
been weird it was chucking it absolutely
chucking it rain earlier and and now
it's just beautiful sunshine it's like a
beautiful evening we planned our
activities around rain and now it's
sunny classic England
this is where it arrives light coral
reef coral reef Waterworld this cool
this is why we came here
sauna world extreme relaxation why we
got our bands oh how do I do that they
need to put a band some way the Nick and
Eve got changed and now we're heading
into sauna whales yeah I'm excited I'm
excited
thank so much commentary they'll be
jealous existing I've also got my little
heroic session here so we can show you
inside hang out before we go in the
corner with that pirate ship that's
amazing heading up the stairs to a rite
called the boa which is the fastest
flume ride here
it's time to hit the saunas hey guys how
funny is this sign this is a mix order
no shaving who shaves in a sauna great
it's probably going to be lovely to see
you enjoying the relaxation have you got
a message to tell the world Jesus love
Jail
well guys I am when well and truly
cooked and I think the plan is now we
met these labs and in the sauna world
you can start to eat with them then got
some dinner
should we should we follow you we're
just jumping our car right now we don't
know this area very well so we'll just
follow you lads really I'll be doing
with him now
why not why not when in Bracknell I love
making friends like Nick was following
the wrong car
and we pulled into KFC and I was like oh
I don't think that's because and we lost
them for like few minutes there luckily
we caught up we've assumed they were
going into the town centre of Bracknell
and we found them again so following the
convoy Ronis tagged them now the pooled
stag is an idiot I'm smart one of these
guys is a steak it's the teacher not the
blue navy blue right okay so what's your
plan you're gonna stitch him up maggot
 the gold pepper puree
further than I was no hidden so you're
just going to scoop that on his feet
pretty much or not only pies to give to
the kitchen and let them do it
okay I like it I like the plan this
could go this could go horribly though
but let's have a little tricky look at
here look at the job that's the that's
the chili hot chili in the world isn't
it yeah okay so we got pretend I'm
drinking that night time dream dogs
drink after going on a little wild goose
chase with come back to Frankie and
Benny so this is the only place open
apparently so we've got a table ten of
us thanks for inviting us along to you
guys
starters have arrived these are the new
york dippers basically little potato
wedges covered in cheese and barbecue
sauce the mains guys check this burger
out inside there's a waffle there's a
waffle on my burger what's that about
you got start so good
now I'll help you out drum the remedy
for hot spicy chilies and a glass of
milk this is the chilli sauce that they
stitch them up with very hot to let boys
thanks for inviting us along have a good
wedding
Thanks
but an unexpectedly Sun evening it's got
so weird yeah that's good I just signed
to the boys I felt like they welcomed us
into their into their little family
which was yeah it was fun well after
getting a little bit lost I think we
found the multi-story car park no he
parked in earlier is this the way to get
through all right Nick dropped me off
bro it's been a fun afternoon oh I'd
love a chocolate kind of melted butter
oh I don't mind
thank you since dark isn't caramel so
thank you right there's a car behind you
right see later you know something I
find very funny guys is you don't see my
whole day you just see the times I pick
up my camera and film things so those
goes long periods of time in between
some of those moments I decide to film
it is now 6:00 a.m.
I've spent the whole night on skype
skyping first and she's in San Francisco
and then Rachael he's in Sydney because
I'm such a global citizen or have such a
broad like friendship group around the
globe time zones are weird and it means
I don't get to communicate my friends at
normal times of the day so I had some
great chats and done a lot of work but I
am now really tired despite having
drunken almost this whole cafeteria of
coffee it's probably time for me to get
some sleep so I don't like fully
Nocturna and go into that sleeping
pattern that's not good but it's been
good it's left me in a get made and yeah
I love having good chats Oh sounds like
my dad's up bedtime I'll see you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
