hi I'm Zoe
I mean we're from London and we were on
a two-week conservation trip in Dominica
and you're watching good morning guys
it's just gone 9 a.m. and we are jumping
on the boat with all our bags and
heading into Oslo and this is sadly
saying goodbye to the awesome little
cabin see you later
yes boys let's do it
one awesome house
I love their pirate flag look at that
shirt we're pulling into the poor in
Oslo got 10 minutes to get straight to
the airport catch his likes these catch
of a separate lie to us and the rest of
us are just going to chill he gets
breakfast which was buses bag hope you
catch a train he's definitely missed his
train
yes
bad news guys bus didn't make us train
no they just like them I think you can
get an express train in like 10 minutes
their Airport Express train yeah great
do that I do it
cool
sylia yeah Friday yeah yeah
we are grabbing some breakfast over here
in the station but I'm going to wander
outside and post to my postcards to my
granny not a road I'm gonna try to make
a habit of doing this I've told it by
the tiger
and there is the tiger
I found it
oh well I think that's the first time I
posted a postcard in about 15 years
let's hope it gets back to the UK we
have arrived at the airport
I actually don't know an uplight is I
think it's like one so we've got got
like an hour and a half let guys it's
Steve that is Steve walking around yes
Steve
so it turns out of flight is delayed
like an hour so may have been no
originally haven't got here we've been
having a laptop club situation I just
got a chicken curry panini which I'm
tucking into and it some editing done
making the most of this situation
oh this is a bit of a ram fly isn't it
boys ago that bags I'll go a couple of
talked about
we were ready to face the rainy weather
training for then can we go out can we
go again on another trip yeah right so
you're way to just go get the lights now
come back somewhere sunny jumping in
that Yuba heading back please see you
later boys it's been an amazing weekend
by seeing a few days small wedding
friends yeah alright alright I'm back my
parents ready to chill for the afternoon
really enough dinner my mom and Grandpa
I just got back from Scotland how was
your trip yeah yeah what did you get
what did you and what did you cook for
dinner tonight that baked potatoes below
50 mm the chicken five
thank you coasters she was not impressed
with the hot tub half of eBay dislike
Scottish slang I've had a relaxed
evening it was nice to see my grandpa
and it's nice that my mum has come back
home I'm actually gonna be staying my
parents for a couple of weeks now which
is quite a long time for me it's Steve's
wedding coming up and then yeah I'm just
gonna make the most this time
catch lot of people I've got a lot of
friends that love to see before heading
off on more global adventures but it was
a great time away with Steve and the
boys really really loved it and I'm very
tired now because I think get much sleep
last night we've got up super early and
we're just you know
lots of traveling today and I'm gonna
sign out here catch in the morning peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
