good morning guys it's our last few
hours in Bali
we've just come down to the kind of
private side of the airport where we're
gonna be flying out of today and I just
had to go to the ATM and pull out Oh
eight million rupiah to pay for the fuel
in cash which is only a few hundred
dollars but yeah bit of a mission
it's tickets like half an hour to find
an ATM right we have two hours till
we're due to depart JP's fueling up and
I'm gonna have a little nap got two
hours sleep last night
we are finally ready to leave it's a
lengthy process JP frantically trying to
fill out forms that Australia require
for us to land there seems like they
need a lot more paperwork than most
countries we finally go everything saw
it and we gotta take up see if you
haven't been following Breyer is joining
us Australia she came in surprisingly
she came in surprising in Bali it was so
so cool I'd no idea yeah yeah it's gonna
be fun
tio he's been a legend looking after us
in Bali the last couple of days absolute
legends like I don't know what we would
have done without you bro we've been
staying at Te'o's house and if you
haven't seen any of their vlogs
oh I'll link one I think I did but B of
a tour of it last time we were in Bali
but it's also available to stay out so
I'll link the website below I highly
recommend it's like right on the beach
absolute like paradise location and yeah
I'm hoping to come back to Bali soon we
need to come back I mean I've seen some
really good stories yesterday and so
many people responded and they want to
come back so I think we got like a crew
going alright see you next time this is
the first flight in a while we haven't
had to wear our official looking shirts
with like ID badges
he's Australia people it's normal for
people to fly around their own plane say
we're not going to get weird let's
maintain trauma he being done with their
own minor particles
potato sir and I maintain our runway
heading circle alright our set
temperatures pressures are good when I
wake up in the morning love sunlight is
my eyes and something without heavy on
my
so excited for Australian accent I'm
glad to hear him but I'm also very
grumpy at them right now that was just
ridiculous
who's that up there with the my father
hardest by real are ya let eat 30 forms
I had to fill in seems impossible to
face when someone else instead of
always seems to know the way write it up
like a chillin some analysts by far the
best weather we've had in a long time he
just was like hazy and like there's like
dust in the air when we got to if the
air is like fog but there's so many
places just like zero bit so they were
visibly been such bad visibility like
wasn't clear skies now this is my father
Paris we've been able to see for a while
and I'll get better Australia yeah Dana
lies ahead of me seems impossible to
face
someone else instead always seems the
last three flights 7.2 hours eight point
six thousand seven point eight at them I
thought I'd have those kind of hours of
my logbook pleases like the things that
I would like to work on in my life and
and maybe change a little bit one of
them is free education I feel like every
human on this planet deserves that
irrelevant of their their their
situation and the reason for it is that
is your biggest opportunity you'll ever
have this education nothing nothing is
more powerful than it and then it ends
up being your ultimate choice to pursue
to what extent you want to pursue that
education you should have a right to
drop out at 16 but you should also have
the right to carry on and you know
qualify yourself beyond beyond your
wildest dreams
the other one is health care yeah every
human deserves to go to a hospital when
they're not feeling well I guess the
best treatment we have available as
humans you know with all the technology
all the medical progress we've made it
should be accessible to everybody the
medical industry should be completely
nonprofit and social education every
dime made as profits should be
reinvested into it
think how advanced would be in medicine
maybe if it was all about just burying
yeah medicine for the human race right
none of it's driven by profit none of it
because like there's so many drugs our
second I should bad for people but they
make a program yeah one of my favorite
quotes is the cure for cancer is stuck
in a child's brain you can't afford
education yep
that we're currently estimating broom at
zero seven four to zero and we're
maintaining 1/1000 yeah everything's
looking good sir careful don't worry I
won't worry it's hard because it's so
close the key we won and I've spent a
lot of time at all so it's really it is
it this feels more like a vet never be
one why did one of your toilet backs
well I'm trying to think like I feel
like I'm pretty proud of myself having
made it this far around the world and
I'm like I could just I could stuff for
the next hour like in like really
excruciating like you could also damage
what I fill this bag up
you won't fill it up beyond capacity oh
my god I do to pees on it at a time I
had to watch so you mean two peas at a
time not at a time I I failed with one
with two peas
this is gonna be this some islands to
the right own up or too far well I don't
want to be looking for that distract me
I'm genuinely worried I'm gonna fill it
up just keep going I think you're okay
cuz I like I like push my bladder til
it's like very full
why didn't you pee before we left I did
for Barbie and then I drank of that
little thing of orange juice and Red
Bull I guess hey I'm done good job boy
oh wow that was finally potty-trained I
feel like I've join the club
it is it is awesome though so good
definitely that's like oh it's so warm
so just make sure it's properly closed
it's not just warm it's hot it's like
actually really hot oh it's turning into
jelly Oh what the heck here in jelly
pretty cool right
oh wow that is it I wish I could film
this but I think that's kind of gross
really yeah what let's go tech hey did
it signal 95 miles offshore I got it
are you lying don't blame you look
preachy what the heck that is actually
sickening oh you good when did it happen
I see Australia official and spotting
curl cover that up we'd love to have a
look at the coastline a little bit so if
you could back to us left or right along
the coastline that'd be fine
a curry uniform understood
I will advise and to report next at-15
GNSS and at that time I'll will take you
off track for that will report 1 5 GN s
without panic continues that down to
5,000 November - I'm very good I love it
good makes me so happy
oh I think we're live landed Australia
gears down right gears down one of the
mirror bang on the Left tank yeah okay
they can hear us thrown out on 34
freaking degrees yeah this is so
exciting but special buy a bit like
California all the way to Australia by
yeah
Wow Wow
I say that was an amazing landing guys
Australia pretty straight don't know
okay
migratory stress of what comes into the
country they're trying to protect like
the ecosystem estas so they're
especially by electrical contaminants
they try to put I get all these two tens
everywhere
one two three four five six seven eight
oh yeah we're amongst them anyway yeah
yeah they have to spray the outside of
the plane maybe the inside of the plane
other day the delays of record six
inning today as we're arriving before we
clear customers oh no one Jesus Wow
sorry buddy Blaine another one another
one just two tenth row that's amazing
doesn't know what let's try to play all
right just hold on I just sprayed
straight on the counter that's the fat
if they're at the back in our luggage
yeah sorry right we can't breathe she's
like ooh oh it's so good to be in
history I can't believe like everything
here is here like it's hard to explain
but we physically moved a huge piece of
mass more than half it around there were
more than halfway around the world
purely by using fossil fuel yeah it does
fit it literally does feel like we're
right Western Australia it's the same
kind of sensation yeah and the more I do
these trips all these flights the more
used to I get get to them as well and
the more it does just feel like driving
all right let's gonna find where we're
staying
all right guys check this out
this is so awesome
I really don't know anything about broom
like this whole part of Australia I know
anything about it but it's pretty lovely
climbing there it's almost like too hot
yeah yeah I was asking about it and they
said people from the southern and like
east coast of Australia during the
winter they like all migrated up here
pretty cool and a science just saying so
we're going to wander down and try some
food and hopefully catch a little
glimpse the sunset
I just can't believe we're in Australia
yeah it's so good with a few sandflies
and mosquitoes outs they need to get the
bug spray lathered all over right dinner
has arrived
we have linguine samosas edamame this is
like this is so incredible isn't it yeah
we've been snacking l-type also good
news we didn't get our snacks
confiscated we thought half of the stuff
will get confiscated but they're only
interested in like homes going off fruit
and oh like I don't know anything
organic so we were good I'm ready to eat
and just relax with the evening we've
we've made it a long way today this has
been good this has been a very
productive day yeah
we're just planning now like who were
gonna see where we're gonna be able to
go I think most people will see we'll be
in the East Coast like in a few days but
yeah well it's nice to be here in Broome
we are gonna get some sleep now I've
been trying to crack on with some edits
but it's dawned on me that I'm gonna get
even more behind in my vlogs what's here
in Australia because the Wi-Fi is just
so terrible the internet is so slow and
yeah I don't like it's just it's very
disheartening there's not many options
and ways around it because we still want
to be doing stuff having adventures
every day and then the mission it's
gonna be to try and track that last
Internet it's gonna take up half a day
so I think there just be a lot of delays
and we'll just have to wait until we get
to faster internet maybe I'm sitting
there we're set to do some bulk
uploading but in the meantime
you know other day I'm just gonna crack
on with the edits yeah it's gonna be a
fun flight tomorrow we're gonna be
heading over today I think Alice Springs
and we met a guy at the restaurant
tonight like a young pilot who suggested
some places we could kind of detour to
on the way and some cool waterfalls we
can see from the air so hopefully we'll
be able to find some spots on the way
down and yeah I think we're gonna get to
don't check out uluru right okay in the
morning peace out enjoy life the
adventure
