hi I'm Stephanie hi I'm Ilana and we're
from Puerto Rico and you're watching fun
for UE boom good morning guys I slept
well last night on the couch and we've
just finishing breakfast and now Jay and
Dave are about to have a game of table
tennis and they put a little wager on it
so this could be fun sure you're gonna
win this or to see this what do you
fancy
your turn Thursday well you just have to
look at the magic balls and they say
we are now heading to the YouTube space
we are having an exciting meeting with
Yugi about some future projects and
plans and Laura and chai MB to the
YouTube space before so they're going to
come along go all our name badges can
all professional and stuff guys I'm just
uploading my latest vlog I thought I'd
wait till I get to the YouTube space
because I'm because this 2 3 4 minutes
remaining
that's the correct speed up ladies you
get one minute remaining oh I see this
is brilliant
we just finished an exciting meeting I
can't tell you much about it but telly
at some point we're now having a little
tour around the YouTube space because
these guys haven't seen it well
we skip meals without realizing okay
they still hello guys I just got this
sausage
this is rattlesnake and rabbit like that
the meat is there's actual steak meat in
this sausage apparently is really good
that's kind of crazy alright we had a
great meeting we're now heading to meet
the rest of the guys too
we're not burning it together
so guys this road trip we're heading off
on tomorrow and we need to pimp out our
van a little bit we have stopped off at
the O'Reilly Auto Parts Store because I
need to get an inverter we need to get
some work basically we need to get a
bunch of stuff maybe even like a kill it
out with a sound system and stuff and we
haven't got long got long stood this out
right we've got a spanner some little
power thing for the cigarette lighter
electrical tape this is a capable
battery runs out oil and this is an
inverter to power our laptops wash it on
the road trip I think that's a good
start
we found some lettering guys we're gonna
write things we're gonna write some
things for Louie all the things under
eye other things Dave's got some
inspirational quotes quotes there for
the fan I'm just saying yeah Einstein is
the boy out of clutter fine simplicity
from discord find harmony in the middle
of difficulty lies opportunity he's my
boy and this one here guys life begins
at the end of your comfort zones and
used to be a biology teacher he didn't
know she's getting excited
and they they show seal guys okay we're
gonna we're gonna try and get this guy
we're gonna try and stick them in there
trying to figure out the plans next year
yeah guys wish me go everywhere
so I left the other guy picked up Riya
with now arriving at Walmart and the
plan is we can get pretty much
everything we need to empower the van
and make it all nice and cozy we think
he may be very nice wealth you think you
are
guys are just trying out some mattresses
I'm just gonna say these ones are like
the kind that we could use it's pretty
comfy it's just it's a single mattress
of meat like wider I think it's almost
five foot wide before in a bit better
say something like this is what they we
are constructing what the back is
bouncing they look like we're laying out
like this four inch plate and we're
gonna get it we have no real idea of
what we're doing here but we're gonna
try the top 3 2011 stuff like betting
big mattress cover with these big boxes
which could be a terrible idea
like I said I'm so we just make now
hopefully we can construct some kind of
collapsible bed situation in the back
panel confident are you even making the
correct decisions right she's gonna make
all the coolness than the vibes and it's
ready we just can't do that from Walmart
weather fairy lights at this time here
was I don't think we came to the right
checkout I think this is just for like
food and stuff I went to get the fan
guys because them
we parked the wrong place and place
somehow part on my way back to Roya
she's waiting outside
guys we're trying out these boxes okay
maybe we didn't need five I weigh
overestimated how many boxes we need I
was thinking like four but let's go five
just in case where we actually needed
three and the big max don't you see
we're going to need to trim that down to
Home Depot now I came into Home Depot
once this is like a year or two ago in
America I said where are your toilets
but needed to use the toilet and they
direct you to the aisle where the
toilets were and I was looking at the
toilet so I was like oh I mean where are
your restrooms and then like oh no
direct me to restaurants I didn't want
to buy a toilet you've got LED color
changing strips this is serious
do you think I'm shopping trip has been
successful so far out for some reason
Raya decided we needed a trail
drill down I don't know why you think I
need a drill I mean to be able if now
you've mentioned it probably is a good
idea so we could use it we could use it
to make okay okay we are back and we're
about to eat some dinner
also look we just started a little
campfire over there and after dinner we
are going to cook some s'mores are they
s'mores or s'mores s'mores is he going
HNH s'more more s'mores we're getting
smooth I've only added like once
marshmallows and graham crackers and
chocolate needs to go you like squidgy
just made my first s'more I thinking
this is pretty good
well it's 1:30 in the morning and we're
winding down our little campfire sing
songs and marshmallows and stuff and
it's probably about time I I get our van
ready
I still haven't chosen a name but we'll
choose a name by the morning so I need
to I need to cut that mattress to the
right size we've got some curtains here
which I'm gonna hang up and then I've
got some LED lighting which I'm gonna
try and fit and I'm gonna try and do it
all tonight all right
taking the mattress out I'm going to
draw a line along here and then I've got
a little knife here that I'm going to
use to to cut the phone all right it's
helping me cut the mattress are we gonna
do a better job than I did so we've left
the mattress in the meanwhile and we've
emptied out first design I'm just trying
to figure out wiring and also I think
clarity needs to hang a curtain and all
the window so we can just I found the
factory it's just under this panel on
the floor here so I need to rig up this
bad boy which is a 1200 watt inverter
and I've probably took them in the
corner there guys have wide in the
inverter plugged in the LED lights check
this out it's so amazing I'm just gonna
stick them up on the ceiling now and
look at this
the remote somewhere look at this this
one might I can choose what colors the
LEDs go Freddie
so they're like orange at the moment
ready watch this that's about as much as
I can do tonight we've put the lights in
I put the mattress back in tomorrow we
just need to fit the kearns I didn't buy
the right drill that little handrail
parent is just for screwdrivers so the
guy in the shop told me the wrong thing
but we'll do that first thing in the
morning and then yeah and then we'll be
heading off on a road trip
the plan is hopefully we get to see JP
in the morning who's in LA he's about to
set off in a a long cycle ride so we're
hoping to wake up super early catch him
for breakfast and then hit the road and
if all goes to plan we'll be ending up
in Big Sur tomorrow night and I'm hoping
we will be able to catch Ben SP Steve
and Tyson who are up there or they're
gonna be up there at the same time or
something well they're hopefully all
goes to plan alright it's 3 a.m. GOG up
in 5 hours still haven't done any
editing so before we get on it see in
the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
