hi my name is Lacey I'm from Vancouver
British Columbia
I'm currently hiking in Mission BC and
you're watching fun for you guys I just
landed in Heathrow of the things like a
nine-hour flight and me and I managed to
sleep for most of it I think I got like
put like six and I'll sleep maybe seven
hours
you sleep well Ryan
come we've got in London when we were 17
years two years yeah I don't know what I
would love to have you remember six
weeks ago
literally couldn't be better timing
walked out straight through security
boom so I left
Briah at the airport she's gone to the
hotel I just got back to my parents
house and before I head off my next trip
Silvia has come over she's gonna need up
my dreads and yeah a lot of you guys
have been noticing yes my dreads are
very fluffy and they need repairing so
I've got one day and we're about to do
it guys
turns out it's pretty warm in the UK
like pretty humid so we've got a little
fan going on keep us cool and how long
do you think it's gonna take two hours
five hours well so Silvius take a little
break from my dreads and she's doing
Darcy's hair bright orange colors from
here oh my goodness mmm-hmm you guys
will see the end result yeah in a little
while then next time you doing this
I'll tell me which color green yellow oh
my good look Oh No please don't
yeah but instead I've never seen her
lower exactly same time for a little
coffee break
I think Darcy booth this is funny
yeah guys I've realized that my dreads
are getting pretty long now like how
long now
you know you rarely see them down on
it's the left like I touch my belly
button that's crazy so we're going to
trim it we're going to trim like that
much of her why is that one so much
younger yeah I've done get it
that's my fat it's great isn't it no
that one is the fattest
oh my gosh that's a bad boy yes boy
they're longer cuz I guess whenever I
trimmed it before we put in the back
yeah no way but fingers do this really
however what balloon works desolate it
just so when I tie it up it doesn't it
can still stay yeah do you think that
yeah yeah that'd be better so I tied up
or not baby I'm serious
let's go on this way these are my trim
trade looks
they're like little mice mmm you can add
like stick on doodlee I yeah we should
little pets have a little farm of good
looks all right let's get back on it
guys look at that hair that is nice you
look amazing
oh my gosh you did a great job here yeah
that is awesome you look awesome too
little 12 doing a little fur yeah so
awesome guys what'd you think
how's it coming along Sylvia you know
was really really good and we got more
plans for your dreadlocks yeah go get
Ryan is it this one yeah we're gonna try
next week to separate this dreadlock
into two dreadlocks because it's very
fat and it's like pulling down a lot of
weight on my scalp yeah so we're gonna
try that I I don't know if it's gonna
work but I trust the obvious she's a
good dreadlock dread look hey artist oh
wow they kick it
baby I just I definitely just result
because I've done it before yeah and you
know I think it will in the long run is
going to be a very good thing cuz
pulling a lot of I think thing anyway
anyway looks a lot neater thank you so
much you're welcome
yeah
I started talking about some these ones
Oh on this yeah yeah good one it's like
perfectly well sweet yeah we just need
to trim it like every few months I guess
when snow Silvia has gone home and
before I head back to meet up with Raya
I thought what better than to spend on
eating the dulce we're going to get
we're gonna go get some swag ensued is
the right and as usual I got a chili
chicken ramen
got some glazes over here would you get
Darcy
can I taste it oh man yeah
for business
I got it I got it
who cooked up
and then we got people to drinks as well
just like a Dinge injury carrot thing
cheers dusty it's nice hanging out
all right I'm leaving
it's nice hanging out they'll see see
you five days I left my parents jumped
in a cab and I'm now at this hotel that
I'm staying at Heathrow Airport because
we got a super-earth flight
I'll never make it to the stages down at
my parents so I've just found out we
have to check in for a flight at 5:00
a.m. tomorrow morning which is another
crazy early morning and I'm now going to
reveal where we're going it is pretty
crazy guys we are hitting me and Ryan
we're heading to West Africa to a place
called Sierra Leone this is actually
where a lot of the Ebola outbreak
happened and we are going there with a
charity called World Vision and they've
been doing a lot of relief work there
and they want to show us around the
projects that are running and I get to
show you guys some of the incredible
work that's happening out there and
that's been combating a lot of the the
bad things that have been happening
there so this is going to be full-on a
very full-on week it is going to be an
adventure it's probably not all going to
be super fun I think some of its going
to get a bit emotional but that's life
and that's reality of some of the things
happening in the world around us so I
feel honored to being invited to travel
out there and to hear other people's
stories and share those stories with you
guys so I'm hoping you'll join me for
those adventures and I'll stay safe
there all right we've been we've been
given things safety advice and all that
right so we've got a long flight
tomorrow we're going via France
somewhere and then certain London France
and then another flight down to Africa
so it's probably gonna take all day I'll
catch you in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom
you
