hi my name is Jorge this is my fiancee
Kate we are from Czech Republic but
right now we are in bergamo italy and
you are watching from followers boom
good morning guys it is caught 6 and we
are leaving Jackson Hole we decided not
to drive back the 24 hours back to San
Francisco but we're going to fly back
and we're gonna leave the Wonder wagon
here and I'm gonna come collect it next
month but it's been a wonderful time and
we're grabbing our bags and heading in
Oh
why is this time this is too early
Wireless never knew he'd go up at this
time
we have breakfast and yeah
look at the delicious guys weirdest
thing just happened
we are waiting in depart in the
departure lounge and there's like a
whole hustle and bustle of people
boarding flights and we were watching
the wrong line and then we just realized
and walked over and they were like oh
yeah your flights just gone so we've
missed our flight
we're going to have to book so
apparently the planes still here and
they're checking whether they've closed
the door yet if the door isn't closed
they might rush us out and board
okay thank you okay we're gonna try
gonna try and get to the plane before it
closes
still open give them away
no way hello thank you bye ridiculous
I can't believe a place that was like
boarding the clothes and they ran us out
to the runway trying to fly this early
in the morning you're half asleep
ladies gentlemen welcome to San
Francisco International Airport the
local time is 8:28 right on the money we
are on time
right in early
it's not even 9:00 a.m. yeah - got a lot
of editing done on the flight but I am
quite tired considering I only had three
hours please
here's our uber thank you so much so
we've arrived at the little place that
Nick and and you're staying at before we
head out for breakfast I just want to
show you guys something you know I met
with that Apple last week
well they've sent me a little present
and it's just arrived so open this up oh
what's that
oh hello hello cheeky yeah very kind of
the Apple I I've got quite a high spec
laptop but apparently our new versions
come out with like a different touchpad
and some other stuff so I'm going to
check this guy out
yeah
good this is going to be destroyed
within days copy done now it's not just
food where we eating it
what kind of food do we want to eat only
greasy pancakes America like slathered
in bacon right deep fried the whole
thing with maple syrup on top and honey
Hey look at this shiba inu we found
could what booze
hello woofers
won't be found over there I identified
frame look at this guy's
Mediterranean speeds this is crazy
where's the where's the pancakes they
know we're getting a read Harper's then
it gets deep fried
I understand indisputable a nice guys
did you evident Melton view check out
this cafe cafe baklava delicious food
delicious
so guys we've driven into the center of
San Francisco and I'm really excited
about this new camera that Sony released
this week but we have enough to find one
they sold out everywhere and then I was
searching encroach list this morning and
one of these pre-sold cameras from this
store wasn't picked up so they they put
it back to stay open so I've put it
aside I'm hoping it's still there it's
the new Sony a7r Mark 2 which is
basically blows every other camera out
of water via Nick I've been holding back
buying any deerflies or anything because
this is apparently incredible with the
mirrorless full-frame camera super low
light 42 megapixel I think it will make
my blog footage incredible
it's just happened guys this is a very
rare cameras to try and get hold of I'm
just having a look at some lenses as
well and I'll get a few lenses with this
wow it's tiny tiny it's just bigger than
a GoPro Wow you've open one up is the
first one I've opened up in sauce yes oh
my gosh okay I don't like to see it open
so this is a pristine okay 28
that is an insanely good no way that's
not every 3.2 as well yeah you should
maybe take up a more realistic subject
like otherwise I'm just gonna making it
look so good
sorry guys I'm going to go through the
55 1.8 the 28 - and this 7200 f4 and
they nixed serenading us was we pack I'm
trying to cram my new laptop and my old
laptop in the bag and and also I've got
all my camera equipment here nice snug
snug in there did I show you guys my new
bag yet that's just showing you the new
bag I'll show you the new bag anyway
this is the new bag with all the stuff
in right I got one minute that you've is
just arriving you ready you are I'm not
ready
okay I should probably stop vlogging
wholesome yeah
yeah when tonight we might see you next
month guys yeah
it's in the very yeah oh cool thank you
thanks a lot Thanks
so haven't told you guys yet that's me
and Riya
jumping on a flight back to London and
and then we're going somewhere else but
I'm actually gonna keep that surprise
and tell you about it tomorrow we've got
we're arriving 2 p.m. tomorrow in London
because it's 11 hour flight and then
it's like an 8 hour time difference and
then we've got all day in London we're
staying night then first thing the next
morning we're heading somewhere else and
I'm going to keep some suspense going
there
oh yes Wi-Fi guys we've got the front
right good news we have power for the
whole flight nice they want to confirm
whether the rumors of Wi-Fi and truth I
don't know that out
what's enough
mr. good
I'm doorways a fan of airplane food but
this ability bad
well we don't cross the Atlantic I'm
gonna get some sleep
it's been an amazing day I've got a lot
of new equipment ready to make
incredible thoughts for you guys I've
also just been editing some of the 360
videos I did at the he grafted onto
national park in that why I mean we
paint it right so get ready for that but
then I may not be able to put those up
but they are they're looking amazing
much better quality than the first train
I did
yeah just very excited I'm very excited
to tell you guys the next place we're
going the big trip that's happening
tomorrow
is the big one guys is pretty
adventurous
and I will tell you all about it in the
morning
so enjoy life
ha
