hello my name is Benjamin I'm in this
beautiful valley on Iceland and you're
watching I'm Louie good afternoon guys
I'm in Jackson Hole and I had a lung
rest last night slept for hours and we
are now gonna go and explore the area a
little bit with Kate she's taking us in
a dry somewhere where we going cool the
cowboy howdy
Minna grab some lunch before we head
into the national park got a grilled
Italian sub
amazing guys this is called huckleberry
lemonade it's got huckleberries in it I
think they never tasted before
I don't know what that tastes like
so we've arrived at the Grand Teton
National Park hate popping up and going
for a little stroll to the visitor
center I brought out my 360 camera rig
again if we can get some amazing clips
great day I forgot to tell you guys
there's bears here
there's grizzly bears and black bears so
we need to carry bear spray and only
we've got bear spray guys can you see
the squirrel
Oh jump down we're going on this little
hike and I can really feel that altitude
like I'm feeling slightly out of breath
and we're just literally walking
standing around here okay his teachings
about the wildlife what kind of animals
live around here
Moose's but mrs. or miss from for me or
my wait reenact the mountain line you
saw okay so this is the road this is
Kate driving along and she's about
there's a lot wider than this as well
but hopefully we can find them out that
line that's my dream yes there's a
little chipmunk oh my gosh
I can't believe this chipmunk is just
chilling right next to the path and
they're not running away that they're
like you seem kind of tame leftist they
should have worn shorts trying to go for
a paddle I'm not gonna throw these jeans
out they're super tight yeah it's not
it's not freezing I mean it will be cold
bloomer swimming just been filming
another little shot with a 360 camera
it's probably a pretty good spot for it
okay these chipmunks are way too cute I
can't handle this I think I could
probably have a pet chipmunk and just
keep in my pocket it's so small it's
look like a top pocket have mr. chipmunk
hanging out it'd be nice it's looking
pretty stormy you think it's going to
rain okay guys I'm first up I'm gonna be
jumping off this apparently it's only
like 25 feet which isn't too high but
it's freezing water which is why I'm
more scared of okay it's going to take a
shot of me from down there this is the
most epic landscape
that was so cold oh my gosh
anybody's gonna to shop all right who's
next
I've got the best angle ever this 360
camera the best angle is all of the
angles guys it's tighter range so we
quickly hang change and heading back
hoping not to get too wet the rains
closing in
we've seen some lightning I've heard
some thunder it's time to roll speed
hiking this is go
guys we're just walking and there's a
deer right there literally right next to
us
I'm stupid they're super time
in the car we're heading fine and I'm
eating a banana
a banana
turn off the news oh my girl we've
stopped the car I'm going to try and get
closer to the moose wow this is
incredible
I didn't even ever seen him loose before
check this out
we survive it we learn to write
but also be worth it apparently moves
could be quite dangerous they can charge
people
trout makes for that the people died
maybe let's get this mess
come here guys it interesting clip
this crossing nothing to stop the
traffic for the Moose yes Wow that is a
very tall moose so later but that was
unexpected
awesome
all right we're stopping at Kmart
because I need a hair dryer and a hair
dryer or the girls found one it's a
compact hair dryer for traveling it's
called the vagabond traveler just pretty
much suits me although she doesn't
really do it like a vagabond traveler
look at this girl on the packet does she
look like a bag of one travelers here
we're now stopping off to get some speed
vital food strawberries and bananas so
you need
how can we get some cashew nuts as well
and it's sad what's up buddy
this decides real bad much bigger than
this
all right we're having some dinner it
goes well
when out got Thai food I think it's
gonna fit mystery dinner is finished
we've had a very chilled evening and I'm
loving Jackson Hole has been incredible
today just seeing all the wildlife the
Moose is the little chipmunks the
weather wasn't incredible but we still
saw amazing scenery and have a great day
tomorrow I have got a very exciting
announcement to make about a trip and me
and Raya and going on but you'll have to
wait till then to find out about it and
I'm gonna have another long sleep
tonight because I'm still trying to
catch up on like a sleep of that I'm
trying to look after myself I know you
guys often comment that I don't look
after myself enough is there that's
wrong to try and do a cool
I seen the morning peace out joy life
lived the adventure
