hey everyone my name is Morgan and I'm
at the most magical place on earth Walt
Disney World at the Magic Kingdom I'm
about to go on some rides but you are
gonna watch from for Louie boom good
morning guys it is day 8 of the Twitter
I trip and we are still heading to
Jackson Hole Wyoming I think we've got
about 6 or 7 more hours of driving for
we go
we've just watched a view from sunrise
I'm still I still got a bit of energy I
think I'm gonna crash really hard layer
layer today
a bit siesta
until then
that's beautiful standards that again
all right we found something for lunch
guys
the ragtime restaurant I got laptop
going on just got some lunch or
breakfast I can't miss breakfast but I
got a chicken wrap
Wow it's actually fried chicken
deep-fried chicken wrap finish my
editing off the lunch and because we've
got a lot more driving today I decided
to upload on the right
another fuel stop
we go about an hour and a half of
driving left and go
probably get some frozen yogurt
to help us in the last little leg how
you holding up Raya okay you're the one
that's driving
Rhys been giving me lots of moral
support so thanks
we're almost there what's that it's been
a good driver chip this one I'm get some
coconut yes please
okay
Cheers
I think explain those are they like boba
stuff that you have in the drinks no
that's more jelly that's more like jelly
texture
the guy's fire has just told me that we
have got through time selfish pizzas an
hour later than one fool
which means the surface step for
assessing
yeah we we take day getting here I
thought we'd be here by this morning but
it's been a really beautiful Drive but
I'm just totally out of it so sorry I'm
very talkative
we are arriving after over 20 hours over
24 hours since we left
Wow all right this is Roy's friend Kate
reunited they're old school friends well
this is Kate's house look how cute this
is
toy food yeah sure homemade oh yeah
thank you
yeah water please water I'm gonna tell
you something to illustrate how tired I
am right now
Briah and Kate are gonna go and jump in
a hot tub and I'm not gonna join them
I'm gonna go to bed instead that's how
high even the temptation of a hot tub is
not enough right now
grab my bags and stuff I've got some
laundry to do jump in the shower and
yeah just sleep straight like nicely
straight about 12 hours or something oh
well guys
kate has kindly given me her bed to
sleep in and I'm gonna sleep ever this
has been a brilliant end to this twin
road trip that we've been on and like I
said yesterday I'm just so happy with
how this is all worked out and working
with Twitter they've been brilliant
accepting me as I am with all of my
silly adventures and it really has been
an adventure especially this last couple
of days getting out here much longer
drivin I had to say it yeah it was it
was fun a lot of mainly just driving
today so there wasn't a lot of
excitement it was just driving and
driving and driving so to finish the
vlog I am going to let Riya hi jacket
and and she's gonna have some fun with
Kate and go for a little walk
and I think they're gonna try to find a
hot tub and stuff so Louie went to bed
because he's been like a hero and drove
I guess like 27 hours yeah those 27
hours later that we got here from when
we loved just crazy but I'm taking over
the vlog for tonight and I thought what
better way to take a Lilly's spot then
to look for a hot tub that's what I'm
doing now me and my friend Kate just
found a hot tub and we're gonna go catch
up I've seen her in like months so I'm
so excited
and just explore Wyoming for the next
few days the first hot tub just relaxing
in the hot tub it's actually quite cold
out here yes we're in the mountains but
the perfect temperature for hot tub oh
this looks cool with the link so the
camera died right after than my last
intro so I tried to get a couple of
shots of us in the hot tub it was my
phone but it's probably like terrible
low light so it started to can't see
anything but we just went home and
changed quickly and now we're going out
Kate's taking me out
what are we is this a very square
dancing swing dancing swing dancing to
the famous million dollar cowboy bar hmm
Jackson classic awesome and I'm really
excited because I haven't seen K in so
long and it's so good to be here and I
told her about salsa and she's don't
real swing dancing so I have to take you
to Cuba picking themselves that and
you're gonna teach me some dancing right
now guys I just saw someone wearing a
cowboy hat like for reals like not even
kidding and you do not even Halloween
thanks for the dance
Kate we just had an amazing night swing
dancing and we have to bring Lu back
tomorrow because it was so much fun we
used to teach him how to dance but we're
gonna go to bed because tomorrow we have
to explore the natural beauty here which
is supposed to be a masane she has some
good spots waiting for us like what is
it like hot springs and waterfalls and
crazy things tomorrow wait so we'll see
you guys tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
