hello from the Swiss Alps I'm Nima and
you're watching fun for Louis good
afternoon guys
today is day seven of the Toyota road
trip and we are in San Francisco before
we go off on our next little leg of the
journey I've been invited to hang out
with GoPro and the discovery team
they're filming some 360 video you know
like I did the other day I was trying
out that camera well they're doing it
professionally with some some GoPro
athletes some of the longboarders they
have so we're gonna head over there for
an hour to hang out with them
and then we're hittin the road guys this
is the angle of the road we were on I
don't know you can see how steep this is
 that that's that's flat those
houses that's vertical
look at this red guys that is insane how
did it look
yeah I don't know where this is going
there's a 360 camera there's a 360
camera at the helmet it's probably a ton
yes indeed yo guys this is Griffin he
works for the Discovery 360 team had a
lot they called check that out yeah
we're just getting them prepped right
now and you see how many GoPros is it a
10/10 on the go here so you know the
other day guys when I had four full
GoPros this is basically the same thing
but like way high resolution and this
cooler stuff I'm learning I'm learning
everything I can of these guys guys what
is that Oh next time we come to San Fran
can we get one of those these clothes
better move pretty quickly otherwise
you're gonna get crashed into
Oh can you guys come off the road
there's some skateboarders coming down
so watch out on again I wanna get into
long body I've never seen those long
boards with the where you can strap on
your feet for chess
so looks like these guys are getting
ready to head down again I just realized
why that's spinning around it these
wheels here I didn't see these before
the guys about to do another run down
the hill getting ready getting the
helmet on the cameras crowds have
gathered
the team just gave me this microphone
and an audio recorder to use when I am
filming
360 video to give like a stereo
experience
so unfortunately react to your head off
and hit the road because otherwise we're
going to just have the craziest
rush-hour traffic the deal is they have
to leave them continuing their filming
I've I spoke to GoPro and their
discovery team doing the filming today
and they want to chat more with me about
creating stomach contents and that is
literally just about to explode guys so
all the next year this is gonna be
everywhere you're getting a little bit
of a sneak preview of what's to come
guys I had to resort to Red Bull Road
Trip it's gonna be a long drive we're
going to Jackson Hole Wyoming to visit
my best friend Kate and it's quite a
long drive it's 14 hours away and riders
and drive immediately but it's an
adventure isn't it I may need to take
some power naps on the drive for safety
and so we were hoping to get there
tomorrow morning let's do it let's do it
yes grumpy cat collected a little forest
fire going on there where you can feel
the heat you know that is I think that
someone's cigarette but you don't do
that guys
I think for now
thank you
well guys we have stopped off in
Sacramento we're just outside Sacramento
I'm gonna get some dinner
and I'm also stopping past my friend's
wine lounge that we stopped past in
October last year on our way from Reno
to Yosemite so I'm gonna see if he's in
and say hello
I found Kyle and Rachel and um we've
crashed their friend's birthday
we totally crash the party we just
randomly turn up and oh I didn't even
know these guys are gonna be here but it
all works out Oh
Chinchin just get your hands and grab it
awesome we have just got some dinner
bye guys if you're ever in Sacramento
where where are we way to town rosemary
Osama come check out the house full of
our nice wine bar shooting every night
good boys
guys I'm so happy I I love seeing people
that meant a lot to me in the past we've
we had we've had good history together
years ago
loads of awesome stories and yeah it's
funny when you live opposite sides of
the world and living different
lifestyles but managed to connect
feeling very nostalgic and it's good
fair little warm and fuzzy
and now we've got a very long drive so
hopefully I can like vie for these happy
feelings through the night is very very
hot very warm and but I love it
enough
we've got 12 hours
I'll probably have a little nap couple
of little naps during that time
time for another fuel stop I realized my
tank doesn't last long
no wonder wagon is bit of a guzzler I
was just saying
guys I've been driving all night it's
4:30 in the morning I think and we're
very very low on fuel I've been trying
to keep an eye out for a gas station I
haven't seen one there's one 20 minutes
away but we are we are like we've been
running on empty for ages so I'm hoping
we make it otherwise I don't really know
what options have got
Okwe
if this road is really chilly so
something going on pillows like
we don't know
guys we just ran out of petrol just now
can you what
they're just a mud pit no I just
freeware there
things you joke about like you just you
just ran out of petrol they've drifted
into the procrastination oh my gosh we
did it
come on baby drink up you're very
thirsty
I still can't believe that guys we
rolled in through a destination
the engine cut out and we rolled it over
a girl
to be honest I was I was just imagining
us breaking down on the highway and
having to like flag someone down and
come and pick up some gas and do you
know what I'm gonna do though is get a
can now like a five liter can so take
you with us
well I'm glad that all worked out and we
narrowly avoided disaster I think I'm
going to sign out the blog here the Sun
is rising and we should probably get a
bit of a rest before heading off again
I've just been loving this road trip
guys and this whole adventure I've
really found like reconnected with the
real me you know what I mean and yeah
I'm just loving life right now and I'm
excited that it all worked out that
Toyota could sponsor the trip and that
we found a brand that can get behind who
I am and embracing the adventure and the
fun of it all and doing it my own way
and yeah I'm looking forward to a lot
more adventurous trips like this you
guys have got any ideas of cool places
to trip to and take the the Wonder Wagon
T then let me know in the comments
and I'll catch you tomorrow today but
tomorrow
peace-out enjoy life and live the
adventure
