hi I'm Nick and I'm from the UK I'm
currently traveling Australia at the
moment and at the moment I am on top of
Mount Wellington in Tasmania and
watching the sunset go down over here
the view is incredible you guys are
watching fun for Louie
and enjoy good morning guys it's the 696
of the Toyota road trip and before we
all head off in different directions
some of us going to LA so let's go San
Fran we're having a big team breakfast
and laptop Club as usual Cheers
will our Delora and Tyson off they're
heading to LA flights places do things
patema breaking apart we only got a few
days together but it was it was pretty
awesome guys been awesome again not long
enough but we'll we'll arrange some more
adventures to let Steve Wright go see a
few weeks here man mr. wedding man the
groom and these boys it's been a
pleasure
I think this is the first trip we've all
done together and guys did it if you
haven't really these guys been daily
vlogging this weeks ago and check them
out links below perfect eyes hopefully
we can reunite the clans yeah a big
adventure somewhere else dr. Erica I
think I don't have a South America road
trip so let's do it
well we've made it to San Francisco as
there that's a fun Drive did it in like
two and a half hours or something pretty
cool
and we're now meeting Dave and and for
some lunch lunch has arrived says Ange
she's joined us lunch and I'm here in
Prague that's a process no don't give
you anyway it's more exciting than I'm
storing for anyway we've got delicious
lunch tell us about your lateral well I
mean DS and I got this in Orlando and it
was like one of ourselves who ever had
so I gotta get really vicious
oh I've never had a good salad so maybe
I should take some definite Easter okay
so we just finished lunch and I haven't
told you guys yet but the reason I'm
back in San Fran today is we've got
meeting with Paul who I met at VidCon
and pretty excited
Oh guys that was an exciting but very
long meeting we ended up going for some
food and drinks and stuff in a bar but
turns out I'm going to be doing some
stuff with Apple they don't work with
many people but we're going to be doing
some stuff together and which is
exciting I can't tell you a lot more
than that
I now want to find something fun to do
in San Francisco we've got the evening
it's a beautiful night as well it's nice
and warm so we're going to go and find a
little adventure to have
so we've driven down the road and Dave's
friend I thought that we could stay with
her tonight I think with his wit day's
crashing and then still trying to figure
out plan tonight it turns out Monday
nights in San Francisco there's not a
lot going on so we met Dave's friend and
we had left day to sleep because he's
tired and stuff
we decided to head into the city
fighting to eat and also to see we can
buy some live music I don't know this
any jazz going on but we found this
thing called smokehouse Monday so we're
getting a check now we've arrived in the
Mission District pretty quiet living
there's a lot going on but this is the
bar that we found out about and we're
going to go and see what's going on this
side
there's nothing going on huh for the bar
we were going to go into there's no one
in it kills so we just walked into a
store got a Red Bull also some superglue
because we need to glue the LED lighting
back in the van
zip fell off and we decided to just go
for a little a little wander in the
Mission District pretty cool there's
like a free year for air and apparently
there's a very open it up here we're
going to check out no quiet
oh why is that Francisco so quiet I
thought it'd be a late night city we've
ordered some burritos and we just wait
here to get them as local kin there was
a lady sunny outside peter is white
hungry I'm guessing she's totally
attention after the finest complete so I
think some like okay you've got to take
this opportunity to do nice things other
people and help people that are in need
the
so I've got a shrimp variation a
discriminating and if you guys get
opportunities to do things for people
that aren't as privileged as you then I
do highly recommend
to have that mindset
you don't always get a chance to tour
when you date with ticking off the
people around you
Oh guys I got a quesadilla but somehow I
just dropped south it all over my shorts
how did I do that oh we might because
this is a basket not a play oh man guys
this is way better than like the with me
it's brilliant
talk about cases is not bad burrows
Oh guys we just duck down this alleyway
because I just want to show you
something very very strange look at this
ready hello
so we've just finished our little wonder
on the area and we're now heading to
this place called the twin peaks which I
tweeted earlier to ask what's cool to do
at night and here and people said it's
an amazing view over San Francisco if we
drive up the Twin Peaks so that's where
we're headed now
guys check out this view
over San Francisco this is pretty insane
oh we need to pimp out the Wonder wagon
like this yes that is sick
guys this view is insane we are debating
whether to park here and wait till
sunrise but that's at 6 a.m. and we've
got things to do tomorrow so we might do
that another day but it would be an epic
sunrise right yeah but what we are going
to do is use that glue that we bought
earlier and we're going to glue back on
those LED lights before we head off so I
think it's going to look pretty sick and
maybe we can compete with that car over
there because we've got purple we've got
purple lights for all the colors so
we've climbed in the back and we just
pulled off the old sticky glue that was
on the back of these LED strips and then
stick them back on this is the girl I
bought guys Krazy Glue we don't have
this in England but it says it's the
number one super glue so I'm hoping
that's true and then put it on the strip
and then yeah boom what angle we just in
a girly like yeah so please
understand
turns out after all that that crazy clay
doesn't work who'da thought so if anyone
knows much about glue and sticking
things to other things what what kind of
glue do you think we need to stick this
which is like kind of plastic a to this
which is like the normal inside of a car
any thoughts please comment below
because glue gun glue doesn't work super
glue doesn't work I'm not sure what will
work we are now driving back to the area
that we're staying in I can't even
remember and he's checking people maps
but we're going to go find days join
them
it's been yeah it's been a chilled
evening I mean we learned a bit of a
lesson that Monday nights is a bit of a
dead night in San Francisco but let us
know if we're wrong maybe there are
things we missed but I'm glad we found
this spot and got to look over the city
yeah it's cool but there's still a lot
to discover in San Francisco there's a
lot of places I'd like to go I feel like
like really not seen much here
I'll catch in the morning guys got a few
things on and we're planning a bit of a
road trip somewhere cool so again yeah
let me know below there's places within
within like driving distance of San
Francisco how do you know what we want
to find is hot springs natural Hot
Springs so let us know if you know of
any natural Hot Springs like within like
a few hours drive actually it doesn't
need to be a few hours drive it could be
anywhere like we think it will be north
east of San Francisco that'd be awesome
right see you in the morning
peace out enjoy life with the adventure
