I'm Davis Brown from Southern California
I'm currently in hvar Croatia and you're
watching fun for Louie boom good morning
guys it is day five of our Toyota
roadtrip we just had some breakfast
we're leaving this place like where our
Airbnb is today and we are heading into
Yosemite Park and we're going to go and
check out some of the incredible views
and mountains and valleys and stuff and
we're trying to go in convoy we've got
everyone together we're just filling up
quickly before we go the boys are
waiting for us over there and we've got
about a two-hour drive I think get the
two the first place we're going which is
tunnel view which is this incredible
place you might remember when we came
here last time in the winter
so it can be a visually stunning better
today who's leading the way guys we seem
to have lost been Steve and Tyson horses
with an SP they were right behind us and
then they just disappeared so I don't
know I don't know we wait I think we're
just going to carry on a bag of rows in
front of us and we know where we're
meeting so hopefully they'll find the
rover
hi I'm good thank you
$30.00 injury fit each other school good
presentes go thank you yeah
cemetary national park to see this
so we've just entered Yosemite and just
using the restaurants quickly I think we
are heading to meet the others now then
you guys excited super excited I am
actually neither of us have ever been to
Yosemite left over from California like
we're from San Diego in the far south so
this kind of an inaccessible spot that
is nuts
me and Rob I came here last year do you
remember what month it was October not
sober nasty the boys are just shown up
hey dude what happened yeah and then we
lost power and we have to pull over
chillin show
hey that's what we're doing now snap are
you ready for the B team like all my
favorite place that I went last year so
go natural beauty let's do it let's go
places
pretty incredible isn't it yeah I mean
it looks like my desktop holder rim make
a wish
now count to three how awesome is this
guy's super cool yeah beautiful I love
how there's just like no road with the
valley like sized epic is so up it I
feel like this is more beautiful than we
last came I don't know maybe it's the
sunshine because it was a little bit
like it was cold yeah I remember I
remember guys I am just trying out my
360 camera my VR rig hopefully this
works
getting some stunning views so I tried
capturing a little bit with my 360
camera yeah guys I always feel like
these kind of settings you I can't show
you guys what it's like really through
photos in video so I try my best
hopefully you can capture some of these
insane like enormity of that like the
mountains late I can't really fathom it
just stomach
we are now heading down the boys will
just headed off and we're gonna go meet
with will and Arden and Laura and Ollie
and George down at the Catholic school
hey man
yeah we found the other half Oh Liam
George already got the rest of the gang
of a ride and I've got my pizza a little
pizza she's a little cheeky Pizza guys
we found this squirrel he's just lying
at the front near our van and we don't
know why why are you lying down bro
hello
I think he's eating too much and he's
just like having a little nap back in
the Wonder wagon
we are trying to find somewhere now to
have a little swim like a little dinner
in a stream in a creek we found a pretty
epic River spot guys yeah we're drinking
good spot it's in the Sun the other
stuff is in the shade this is super
beautiful it's like it's like a ride if
you strive down the road
and use my place like this
this looks legit I'll find it cold out
there
well anything below sir yeah is cold
today you guys coming in
yeah hey you going all the way
ah maybe I'm gonna try and go for a
little swim guys coming in Steve all
right oh yes better come on now oh this
is what I'm talking about
what oh this is so refreshing
hello just one oh yeah yeah you do you
got sand on your shoulder you guys like
in this spot so ridiculous these killer
sergeant straight chillin
story guys glorious yes now that we're
back in the shore drying off we're going
to go and try and find somewhere awesome
to watch the sunset
I don't know whether we're going to
actually be able to watch it set because
of the mountains and stuff but we're
going to find a cool place to take some
photos anyway boy have fun with that
date unreal it's not looking right
how often do get to swim in a lake in an
Orion is limited I know man and here we
see a wild Ben Brown in his natural
habitat he's lurking in the river
looking for some food we've got three or
four people taking photos I've been
taking the photo on his iPhone how that
probably that the reflection is
unbelievable Ben this is great we need
more cameras Oh any more cameras okay
guys don't litter if you seal it lying
around the nature you can just peek down
take it with you
this is the best way to beat dry my hair
and hanging my dreads on the window like
this we're stopping for an Instagram
mission all right we're just doing some
fun jumping photos come a camera up
there
guys I think a bat just flew in the
window and I just like it fell on me and
I just grabbed it it felt was squishy
and warm and I didn't know it
I knew it's an animal and it's just
gnawing I think there's a bat here so
I'm gonna try and look like it's on my
lap where did it go oh there it is a bat
it is a bat is on the back of my seat is
in the back of my head rest
buzu
Wow can see it guys
there is look no no II did it fly out
yeah there it is
yeah oh my gosh how crazy is that
no I I felt it it was like squidgy okay
no more bats they were bats in here okay
good
we have stopped in this cool little town
that we drove through earlier like it
feels like we're in the Wild West
proper like vintage cowboy town guys
this is the oldest bar in California
right the oldest bar in California - Wow
here we go guys food started arriving
we've got some pesto chickens yeah
thanks right love your food well it's
the end of the night everyone's in bed
I've been editing I'm about to head to
bed too and yeah it's been a fantastic
day guys checking out Yosemite I have
been enjoying playing around with that
3d rig if you'd like to check out my
film to down it click here and I will
see you in the morning we're gonna head
back to San Francisco peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
