hi I'm Anya in Banbury
and we're from Russia and this is
Russian this bar and you watching fun
for Louie boom good morning guys
here's day three of the Toyota roadtrip
we are in carmel-by-the-sea and before
we hit the roads we are having breakfast
with the other guys that we caught up
with and then we're gonna head up to San
Francisco to the weekend it's gonna be a
good day everyone go ahead and we also
got
avocado that is the craziest truck
America Team America so Roy is gonna
jump in their car the right to San Fran
they've decided to climb up a tree
look at that cheeky monkey jewelry's
climbing trees Dave you're always
climbing trees we're about to head off
in convoys San Francisco San Fran baby
they what is that outside as far as I
can tell they is called the cabbages all
the companies are outside it smells like
all the cabin in there goji plants
velvet also that people like digging up
all the cabbages everywhere
it turns out the vagabrothers are like
two minutes behind us and we are both
heading now to meet up with Steve and
Ben and the other guys I think Trey has
to get flight back to the UK which is a
shame and then I think Laura is deciding
whether she's gonna get like back to
Colorado or whether she's gonna continue
on the adventure with us who knows we
only just made it to a gas station in
time running fumes literally they're
having in the gas station
we are stopping at the long-term parking
place to get a place in little red wagon
Amy I'm gonna go straight I'm gonna go
straight
the ladies are here I was riding with
those guys so rice company with me
Laura's jumping in with DES and we are
now gonna go meet up with will and Arden
and maybe the other boys and we're
trying to figure out a plan for the next
couple of days what we're doing stuff so
just swung past the discovery offices
and they have lent me a 360 camera I'm
gonna try out and hopefully start
uploading some 360 blocks with
understand about yet I will teach you
when I figure them out but they're
pretty incredible and youtubers enabled
it recently where you can actually yeah
like look around the environment not I'm
I'm vlogging so it could just change
everything guys can change everything so
this is the place where everyone is
meeting super diva burger and I'm ready
to eat
oh hey hey
that's took a while didn't it that's it
go on
so how's your boy script going it seemed
good we haven't covered as much ground
as we're hoping to you
yeah I'm glad we're all together now
ramp hours they will check into a hotel
or pretty much everyone's good to this
hotel and a few of us certificate rise
towards 270 tonight and meet them in the
morning but we are now finally heading
out to dinner and I'm very happy Indian
food okay dinner has a ride vindaloo
hoping this is quite spicy mutton kheema
naan
these guys are still waiting we actually
dumped look past agree because Steve had
an argument with the guy and they
stormed out and we don't know where they
went
well they'd found the guys it's all a
bit hectic they're still eating white
seeds right guys in Rio jumping back in
the Wonder wagon and then some people
staying here and then some of the guys
are driving tonight and the plan is
we're going to head up to me everyone
for my and we've got a place but like an
Airbnb we're gonna be staying in and
like camping around it's gonna be great
it's gonna be great
you ready to roll so it took us like an
hour to find a gas station with a
bathroom
and the girls one was clothes over I had
to use the going but
I don't really understand sometimes the
systems America has a place the fact
that there's just like no gas stations
at all is weird
it's all good now we've got a full tank
I've just drunk a Red Bull and we've got
about two hours driving left until we
get to
the place where we're staying tomorrow
night but we were just thinking if we
get there Tenaya beans we can pull up
somewhere nearby and we've got an
amazing place to explore tomorrow
today's been a lot of driving and a bit
random a bit crazy in San Fran after
that beautiful day yesterday
at Big Sur and just that nice cruise up
the coast and enjoying the nature so
looking forward to get back in getting
back into the data tomorrow
and doing and doing the boot trip
source it like from the road guys peace
out enjoy life
