hi I'm Olivia hi I'm John and we're from
Essex and currently in Florida and
you're watching from for Louie good
morning guys
we have headed down to Venice today to
intelligence the other coffee place and
we are meeting up with JP who happens to
be in LA and he's about to set off an
adventure on his bicycle so we've
managed to time it that we can come and
hang out with him before he leaves
that's a charter oh good
and you're heading where you're heading
Timothy right headed New York New York
West Coast East Coast
I'm going bro what a bad boy
and he's leaving today so it's just
Portman time all right you ready if you
got time for a coffee before you go
I got a little chocolate croissant this
logzilla's and sure I'm gonna need yeah
all right you might need a few chocolate
yeah
best in LA bro coffee's not we've
just finished an exciting conversation
with JP which will tell you all about
soon first time Dave JP's met and I
think this is start of a beautiful
friendship
yeah right
hundred miles today yeah get on that
bike
get on your bike right please see later
so we picked up some coffee beans for
the trip before we left intelligentsia
and now we're heading off to meet the
other guys in the Wonder wagon Wonder
wagon Oh a need to find out who who
suggested that someone suggested the
Wonder wagon and we've chosen that as
the name Levi Levi thanks for the
suggestion wonder wagon it is so as you
guys know I've been on a bit of a
journey working with different companies
and brands and my youtube videos and
I've been really keen to find people
that want to get behind what I'm about
and support me on my adventures so I'm
really excited to be partnering with
Toyota starting with this road trip up
the coast and their tagline is let's go
places which is perfect because that's
exactly what we're going to be doing the
other guys set off this morning so we're
going to jump in the van and catch over
them now let's do it
hey wait up
we've been cruising for a couple of
hours and we've just stopped at the
beach have a little paddle and Dave
stage them right in
nice riot day that's a big wave
don't mess around right right
you got em Raya
yeah
I'm scared yeah bro it's like those
waves a little bit too big for me to
miss around it yeah I'm definitely going
into though we're cruising although out
the coaster there's gonna be plenty of
opportunities to swim
like I've been sleeping all afternoon in
the back of the Wonder wagon and we are
heading down to watch the sunset at the
beach we're in a place called Ventura
which isn't far from LA we probably
should have covered more distance today
but we've just been having a few minor
mechanical issues with them with the van
which is it's to be expected when you
buy an old van so we just parked outside
mechanics we're gonna get get
replacement hot tomorrow morning's
before we continue because otherwise
it's just going to be Rick frustrating
it turns out they've got some friends in
this town so we're going to maybe grab
some drinks and dinner with him later on
we have met up with some of Dave's mates
and we are heading for some food at the
at the barrel house so me and they've
got a starter of extra large onion rings
and they literally a doughnut slit look
at the size it is the size of Dave's
head there that was delicious oh we are
literally a customer when we part I've
only just noticed they're just there so
after a very pleasant evening we are
just making some plans staying in the
Wonder wagon tonight we've got a nice
cozy bed area made up and we're thinking
like maybe movie night what a movie
chill and then first thing in the
morning we can go in this place and get
things sorted out hope you be like yeah
like toad is middle of the night or get
woken up or anything apparently this is
like the absolute worst corner in towns
apart because it's like the busiest
corner but I'll be right I thought
earplugs and often noise things in life
happen where you can't predict what's
going to happen we didn't know we were
gonna stop here today but I just think
that's the beauty of going in a real
adventure and taking risks and I love it
I love it I don't regret where we've
ended up we didn't make it for up north
as we planned today but that doesn't
matter you know it's gotta just go with
it
and I'm feeling very relaxed this is uh
this is my this is what I feel at home
on the road I feel very very like
peaceful right now pretty lame there
Louie well we just didn't have any
dessert after dinner so I thought well
to be honest Roy's melon well let's just
say I was like yeah cool don't have a
knife names Rock but that would have got
medicine say scissors you like that
melon Dave Dave of candy got my belly
cheers Cheers melon cheers Cheers
great into the evening so we've made a
cozy little den in the back of the
Wonder wagon and and we're gonna try and
sleep here tonight we're hoping we don't
get disturbed or the police don't show
up or anything but this is pretty cool I
think we've got a good we're a little
bit concerned how dodgy this could look
but just don't worry guys this is all
chill this is all chill room friends
there and we're gonna watch a movie
right I'll see you in the morning
hopefully and we can get this bad boy
back on the road peace out enjoy life
and let the adventure
