hey guys hi my name is Nina in my name
is hunt and we're from Germany currently
in Spain and you're watching fan for
Louie enjoy boom
good morning guys we have left the hotel
to go and get a vaccination for yellow
fever still haven't had a coffee and I'm
really working out but this shouldn't
take long we're gonna head back and
chill for a little bit before Rome
before we have to check out and head
back to LA today
well like the most painless injection
I've ever had we've now need to get some
malaria tablets turns out the American
healthcare system not great it's
extortion Italy expensive drawer
consulting and telling us what we
already knew we needed and a bit weird
anytime in the UK next time feel free
lunch is the right mean they've got some
bad man chili guacamole burgers how are
they welcome only heaven them here and
then Nick man's got some salad yeah
Dave's bonding she's great she just got
a few little oh there's a little cracky
cracker Unni here as well we're gonna do
some wonderful things together didn't
see that last night in the dark okay
look at his book bad boy here bullet
holes
yeah can we put a road warrior sticker
yes right look at this costume we are
all getting into our onesies are amazing
Jeff's just been given like a funny
clown one I've got my one somewhere yeah
this guy you're kind of sexy bro give it
give it a little twirl give us a little
twirl yeah guys we're still looking for
a name for our little minivan there so
keep them come in comments below I've
got my wallet okay I've got my new GoPro
session we're going to try out with my
little floaty on it and I've got my
GoPro 4 as well someone can never go
there's a multicolored monkey
that we have all just rented some paddle
boards and we're gonna go out into the
water with my GoPro I'm Malou this
camera here jeff has been wanting to do
this for years and we've got it
organized and the ugly guys still here
and yes is a bit of an adventure
currently Ward's warm as well oh yeah
we're going I don't either wind baby
sure how'd it go are you pointing this
Jeff first time yeah now you're even
born I was destined to suffer and I love
that the first time you do it you're
doing it with this costume meet you and
we all look ridiculous
I believe in you days
just Elaine jessalyn
all right don't don't knock over the
cameraman I'm the cameraman everybody
here Oh Brady all right awesome
which are they
concept all right Louie lost his glasses
look around everybody
well guys that's just so epic sitting
wet in the bed now go to trial I think I
found a new hobby that I love did he
wanna just want to jump in with us
Jeff's gonna dump in with us then we'll
drop you back at your back
jester's getting is the Sun cream washed
up it's okay I'm a road warrior you know
we don't drink beer very often and so
this is a special occasion
cheers Jeff cheers - Jeff - Jeff so
we've had drinks and snacks we are about
to head back up to LA and we're leaving
Jeff here and Joel and Gras on the one
wave boys who from today just going out
the paddleboards I totally get that
whole vibe this this whole like being
being out in the ocean and I mean it
wasn't surfing boat for me I mean I'm
like buzzing from that and we just been
chatting about the next step to support
these guys so what's the plan boys
what's the plan yeah we met it's grant
message last night a girl from Alden
Venus in LA and she said I love what you
guys do would love to catch up for a
coffee or surf them away and I was like
sweet let's go for us - she couldn't
make the surfer my first ever minute for
coffee afterwards and we just started
chatting and turned out that she
actually has got a program going forward
salt water sessions and she's about the
program particular jurisdiction give him
their water killer than what I'm
catching waves and get through addiction
and but she actually works there's a
psychologist so in this house and she's
been trying to work out how an adaptive
program to miss out and that's harder
about the one wave surf experience and
what we're doing makes you think of that
we're trying to do the same thing so
there could be a massive potential just
the Kolar having partner often make the
surf experience Evan
when Vanna sanella she actually wants to
make it happen it depends that we'd love
to try that area to make New Orleans
history
and how can these guys get involved
tell us 5,000 fun like a 12-week program
for 10 people
so these rights get to learn sir 12
weeks so we were just chatting out on
the paddle boards as well about how to
think about how to develop the model so
we can share it into government and
share it into big grunting bodies so
what we need to do is just keep telling
the individual stories one at a time
yeah and maybe by supporting this girl
he wants to set this thing up here
that's the first step that we can take
so sick make sure that we link
everything below yeah
toe line in the description yeah
what you guys can do just by making up
donations clearly here Jeff and his
whole story tucking in there but like
this is a great example from last year
from last year that you guys got
involved and said put your hands up like
yeah I'm old chip in and I will help out
and it's been you know it's clearly been
life transforming so that's the plan
just little donations and now you boys
sweet and we'll see you out in there
we'll see you in Australia Australian
speed bumps here let's do it
see ya guys peace out alright we're
moving we're moving
we've arrived at the Airbnb house of
these guys staying in I think we might
be to try and crash here or borrow
blankets and sleep in the van and that
works is really beautiful outside it's
that hot right at the back is it on
hey Nick
mm-hmm oh my gosh hots up oh it's
delicious your bride going on look at
this amazing meal the knit cooked
sausages chicken sweet potato sweet
potato chili yeah yeah so I'm crashing
on the couch tonight guys I'll tell you
the whole plan tomorrow but we are going
on a road trip and we're going to be
intersecting with Nick and Ange and
Laura and J and then obviously Ben and
Steve and the vagabrothers some other
guys are heading up separately doing a
slightly different route with will and
Arden so there's a bunch of people we're
all heading up the coast
maybe it's slightly from Times but we'll
figure out we've got our little van me
Rory Dave and yeah and
who will be goofy girl out than you re
and I will catch in the morning
peace out into real life gonna be better
