good afternoon guys it's another
beautiful day in barley and we have made
our way back to Abood where we're gonna
get some lunch we're gonna meet a girl
that we met last time I was in barley
and hopefully do a bit of an interview
with her we might ask the lunch wander
down to the Monkey Forest and try and
find a cool spot to do the interview
there I think it'd be a nice setting and
JEP isn't joining us today because he's
getting some dental work done some
emergency dental work but we'll meet up
with him later okay we have finished our
lunch we've met up with avi and Sonny
and they are gonna be joining us for
this afternoon hopefully we can find a
little spot to do an interview are they
the clouds have moved in and it's
seeming very likely it's gonna rain but
we might find somewhere under a shower
or something and hopefully we'll get to
see some monkeys
we found a spot like I said it's getting
dark so we're going to try and shoot
this quickly it's also a lot of
mosquitoes around and hopefully we don't
get attacked too badly by the monkeys
what's with Walter it's doing a little
chat but we're thinking just sitting
here nice jungly temporary vibes in the
background
so I'm avi I'm from Jakarta Indonesia
but now I'm living in Bali I kind of
always consider myself as an explorer so
I think it's also something that I
develop from moving around as I grew up
I like seeing things and I like
connecting to people talking to people
generally learning new culture
experiencing you know the things that I
haven't experienced before growing up in
Indonesia is pretty interesting I feel
like I grew up in the city so the city
is very different than now you know I'm
an adult living in Bali learning about
the traditional Balinese culture and
that's also because of the nature of the
environment itself the city is more
urban and a lot of people from all
around Anisha come to the city with
their own culture and stuff so in the
city it's it's a good combo of you know
this this different culture into one
I've been told by my friends who are not
Indonesian that Indonesians are
generally very warm and very open to
like you know new experiences and new
culture and it makes me proud in a way
because I feel like even here in Bali
like I'm from Jakarta in a way I'm also
new to you know about in this culture
but Balinese are very open and accepting
to people who are not from you know the
island of Bali itself and then of the
day the like which country were from and
you know what kind of passport we hold
and stuff like that I think it doesn't
really define who we are as citizens of
the world today I can just you know
connect to like other people from the
other side of the world just simply be
tweeting them and yeah I think it's it's
something that we we will see more and
more happening in the future
even like now I'm kind of working with a
lot of like digital nomads and stuff
it's really interesting how they can be
here in Bali working and their team are
completely remote somewhere in like
Spain or like Germany and stuff like
that I believe that we have to be Cardon
to another no matter what religion or
what political belief you believe or you
know what your
raise where you're from or whatever just
like you know be kind and be who you are
and at the end of the day the goal in
life is to be good to other people and
to yourself especially yeah guys I've
never been bitten this bad ever my life
there's like 30 mosquito bites on my
third eye never you can see those just
my whole foot is just like it's just
bumps everywhere oh my gosh guys I'm in
agony
absolutely quite my my feet and ankle I
reckon I've got over 200 mosquito voice
in the last half an hour I've never
experienced this my skin's like on fire
so itchy I'm surprisingly good at
resisting the temptation to itch though
which can really aggravate bite so I
think it's time to play with the monkeys
now
right the girls are off bye have a nice
evening
oh hey monkey he's just eating on the
dead flies
that is amazing
I just like hanging with my monkey
friends get the Flies again
get it
and so many flies hurling the monkey up
there
this is so weird I never thought I'd be
feeling flies to monkeys
Raya has roped me into shopping with her
but it's actually quite fun I think it's
because I love a bird and there's like
monkeys everywhere and we just met the
cutest little dogs in that shop and the
other guys have split off we're going to
meet back up in a bit for dinner
guys look at the size of this
dreamcatcher this is like this is like
bigger than me time to head back Oh God
Alan's Drive now somehow it got super
late I think it's like half done isn't
it yeah well guys we had another really
nice day and a bird it is mm-hmm almost
4:00 a.m. but tonight I have had an edit
buddy Raya has been doing video which
you should go and check out our link
below of her time in Mykonos I'm very
jealous and I cannot wait to go there
together either there was Santorini I'd
love to go but in the meantime we are in
Bali for one more day tomorrow we're
gonna hit it hard we want to go to some
cool places and then we're heading to
Australia and Rhys joining in the plane
which I'm really excited about and yeah
it's been a really cool day it was nice
to get an interview done for the
documentary and if you haven't already
make sure you preorder that again that's
linked below and
yeah it's it's so nice to be here and oh
yeah one last thing we are sadly saying
goodbye to JC and tomorrow is his last
day with us and yeah I guess Ryan's
continuing the relay for the next leg so
it's cool it's been amazing having him
on the trip go and check out his
Instagram and YouTube and go and show
some love yeah he's he's incredibly
talented and it's been so awesome having
him with us and yeah it's his birthday
tomorrow so we're gonna have a very fun
day right catch in the morning peace out
injury life adventure
