hey my name's Olly I'm from Essex in the
UK I'm currently staying in Italy more
when I see and you're watching fun
philippi live life to enjoy the
adventure boom good afternoon guys got a
chilled morning good afternoon guys I've
had a pretty chill morning and I've come
down to Central Park with Rio right -
and JP and me JP r I are gonna go out to
this lake and do some rowing and boats
where you going right what's your plan
here
thank you
well that's pretty fun I love seeing all
the little turtles we couldn't get that
closer get some ducking under water and
swimming away is the smallest dog in the
world
we've decided to fix the East Village
we're gonna appoint some food and just
hang out there this pie called area
John teller uber and we are walking to
find somewhere to eat we were hoping to
eat at this Mexican place but his place
tonight for every celebration so
it's quite cool we're either
boom
six chicken tacos and also guys look at
this the size of this bottle of hot
sauce on the table this is this is
correct well done America these are all
of these Claudia these are potatoes
guys we are heading back to the
apartment because Nick and ang have
arrived at the airport and they are
getting an uber to meet us and we're
super happy the whole team is here now
look who's arrived making Anja here
love lots of love in the room how was
your flight and okay yeah totally
yeah half enough you're going to like
this we got this the other night and
then that's where you add enjoyed it
that's what you add inside the book oh
and this and this Lucas made a mess
everywhere made a mess everywhere oh
stop it
oh my gonna get in my mouth oh it's good
that it's super tasty you need to add
the sauce spray it still said all right
into throwing this stuff is all that I
don't know I think maybe because it goes
so good stuff
this is Rachel Rachel buried with guys
and Janica off the bed now yeah it's
good to have you joining us for our New
York adventures
alright let's copy and have France oh
well guys I've got something to admit
about today basically I'm still getting
used to this camera and I didn't tell
you earlier but halfway through the day
I deleted I formatted the memory card so
I lost the whole morning so that's why
today seemed a bit short and a vlog but
you still saw a little snippet I mean I
lost some awesome footage like slow-mo
guys like doing acrobatics in the park
and bubbles and just some pretty cool
stuff which I'm a bit gutted about but
you know this happens sometimes in this
world so yeah it's been a bit of yeah
you haven't seen my whole day but I'll
get used to this camera hopefully that
doesn't happen again
and we will also be working a head out
to see some jazz tonight but I've just
suddenly got incredibly tired and we've
got plenty of evenings to come we've got
another week here also exciting news my
mum is coming out to join us don't think
she's been to New York before and she's
lost jazz
she's a jazz singer and she wants to
check out the jazz scene out here and
just come and hang out and say she'll
come and hang out with us all and okay
she goes in the morning where with
nicknames find me here it's gonna be
nice just being together as a that's a
big family alright peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
