hey I'm Tracy Feith from Louisville
Kentucky currently on Lake Michigan and
Holland Michigan and you are watching
fun for Louie boom good morning guys
I am on my way to a seminar about
filming adventure and traveling the
world with Ben and Kasey in the day I'm
going to try and get into the hall
without getting stuck well are you ready
to draw out some wisdom
we are KCC
lots of other cool people oh it's
waiting for Ben I think he's actually in
another another seminar right now so he
said it over
hopefully makes it I'm not a tap-dance
she's got a little bit more energy than
me right now that's right the classic
sense of adventure is you know like hats
like this Indiana Jones and you like
exploring going out and it's like quite
extreme but I think the reality for most
of us is we are at home we're in our
routine day to day so for me I think the
challenge is finding adventure in our in
our day to day life someone talking to
camera providers about something scary
right away like were immortal even dead
they watching someone walking around the
object that just gives a flat footage
that if you do a couple of hundred
videos you start to realize quite
quickly they're actually in your mind
you already see how the edits been come
together even as the day unfolds if I go
into thinking this is how I wanna put
together my video like this like knowing
everything from the get-go I am gonna I
don't need myself open to a lot of
spontaneous things that will come about
and I feel like I'll miss those or I
want to say yes to then she goes on the
corner no that's not gonna fit in my
video it almost got to see one
principals understand everything
revolved around it's like is that really
who I am
we're not a fictional character like
some YouTube channels you know some
videos are different people create
characters people do comedy skits we are
essentially ourselves so so it's kind of
weird the reality is when someone's like
I feel like you're my friend I'm like I
get that and okay let's be friends
because you know everything about me the
only difference is I need to get to know
you
high five high five yeah thanks for
coming guys guys I've just ducked out of
the green room discussing lunch and I am
getting interviewed for this Irish
documentary about YouTube and then know
much more about it but these are the
guys well I finished my interview with
the Irish TV crew and we have been
having laptop Club back in the room and
also look who's joined us it's Lena I
don't seen you for like a year yeah
how's life what's the plan behind this
coffee sit let me drink that look at
this progression of said ah knock you
out you're gonna be over here okay cool
we when we start recording what is be
into it for an hour and then we'll so
they won't well we don't like do formal
intros anything will do that right we'll
record the record the intro later okay
our lives intersecting with yours is
difficult because there's one huge
variable and that's your life you know
whenever we get together which this is
this I mean which we passed a TED event
but like gotten together to create
something like
even this it immediately felt feels more
special because you're such a moving
target well but it's like you're this
you're the real-life example of the most
interesting man in the world
oh yeah guys we just finished we just
trashed like an hour and a hotel was
awesome it was awesome
I got pretty low some things that even
though we share these guys drew it out
of me then you've got some good talk one
day's hair you guys remember Jeff
high-five here boom come in join the
party
so you guys don't know if you guys don't
remember last VidCon we met up with Jeff
we did a big fundraising campaign and
he's homeless at the time and we bought
together we bought him a fan for living
which I'm going to show you going later
this is Dave he's having a little nap I
need to do that too that's right we are
heading outside to check out just man
it's a bus that he bought
here's the bus guys the road warrior bus
amazing Wow Jeff that is amazing fun
that's so good dude I had no intention
of a bus yeah happen guys this is the
culmination of the fundraising from last
year you guys that contributed this is
it this is where's Jeff is living now
instead of living on the street so
that's where you're awesome isn't there
and when I lived on the street so
they've totally frugal I never spent one
penny on a motel room because I want I
didn't know how long I'd have to know
and plus I figure why spend money in a
motel room I'm soccer free
yeah three and keeping my overhead loved
yeah and that and they will need to
survive so long so let's let's have a
little tour Jeff let's have a little
tour of the bus
oh wow look at this is just house this
is great guys is wardrobe hanging up
there and this is your this is his
little lounge
I think it's couched his count turns
into a turns into a bed the idea is at
some stage I'm going to maybe crash for
a night here and I can sleep on the
floor here get some padding out sleeping
bag and and the long-term vision is Jeff
wants to create a space in here where
you can host people to come and travel
with them and stay you want to do an
Airbnb like Airbnb Airbnb people like
come and stay for the night and roadtrip
and this is great I mean that's really
entrepreneurial isn't it like using the
space those of you that haven't seen
Jeff before like new subscribers since
last year he's got his own YouTube
channel and he's wanting to continue to
document his life on the road and the
experiences which are going to be quite
different from a lot of you guys so just
just brilliant I think it's great to
support him so if you haven't checked
out his channel I'll link that below
he's putting up some videos and how are
you enjoying making YouTube videos Jeff
I'm really loving it everybody right now
more comfortable with editing on Adobe
Premiere yeah it took a while it takes
them but it's awesome that you've made
that step in his lunch but videos open
okay Wow thanks Jenny I'm here - yeah
rewards Wow
anyway I think we need a fashion prize
yeah it's Derek Annie yeah yes recording
just let's give this guy brand new if
you don't like it you can return it -
not all Mars boys are off we're gonna
catch other tomorrow
Jeff's also our Jeff Jeff give me a high
five again it's exciting it's exciting
to study where you're out to catch it
tomorrow for lunch
see ya well the girls are gold dressed
up and we are now heading to the VidCon
party
and ice this is our ticket to get in the
golden ticket first in your wildest
dreams you could not imagine the
marvelous surprises that await you oh so
I didn't tell you guys but this party is
sponsored by Tesla and they're giving us
a car each they just gave me this car
for free they just put in mine round
riders ride just got given this one look
at this like what what does this thing
get speed to it
Rupert dry pass why go in the Tesla it's
uh it's pretty comfy electric cars the
future guys no more fossil fuels that's
what we're aiming for it's gonna take a
while a society but making cars this
coat in a musk Tesla was here
I'm crazy yo is there a mermaid yes he's
just arrived
yo just but this I don't
this is this real life
Thanks
guys this party has masseuses Dave
what's happening I think we've walked
into like Wonderland this doesn't feel
real it's a dream and also liquid went
bad yeah how you doing Kate yeah you
look very green right now
no just chillin
these girls the language
okay this is crazy I don't really know
what a very tired though guys I need to
head back on that flight out sleep or
drink caffeine just go back and air-con
this very very cold in this room part is
great I am exhausted I was planning to
edit but I don't keep my eyes open so
I'm gonna crash out it's been a great
day lots of catching up with lots of
people as usual very hectic at VidCon
and but it's been it's been exciting
it's been really exciting and I'll see
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
