you're watching fun fillory boom good
morning guys i just got up and i'm
rushing to a panel that i'm doing with
Dave and Steve and Louise so I need to
find a way there it's about charitable
giving and we've got a big plan and we
work with the australian guys the one
wave guys I met yesterday should we get
all right let's get coffee thanks how
you feeling this winning Moya great I've
never a good car so just yeah you're not
ready ready yeah you're not ready for
this have you girls there
you excited to get that coffee latte
what I'm getting a cookie dough these
free cookies is our little team over
here team charity any cookie man you
either how are you doing Louise I'm good
you excited for big I'm full of
coffee and ready to go this is days we
lost Dave where is Dave where's Dave I
know we've arrived
I'm paver asmus I hang out with these
guys quite a bunch and like the old
youtube video I also run something
called giving which is at an asian
platform and we care about someone and
then oh my god today about people making
small donation really matter how big we
just care that if there's something in
the world that bothers you that you want
to see change will be better for
somebody else I want you to be able to
take a little bit of action and make it
easy as possible on your mobile phone
whether one dollar one pound or even
whether it's time and so what I wanted
to do today was just start that
discussion it might be the first time we
just had an open discussion about giving
itself often we hear about charities
individual causes that people want you
to be a bother but I guess the thing I
care about is just that whole lifestyle
around giving so Louie and I through a
video out a few weeks ago sucking on his
face firkin on my channel did anybody
see the soul be project about 70,000
people watch the video in like the first
two weeks which was awesome in a civil
but then I'm 85 people from 20 different
countries around the world and submit
video application with their ideas and
then I've been working for the last
three weeks like solid like locked in
starbucks oh I got become a total
recluse just like working through all
that thinking about what I mean like
what's next so we took those 85 we short
just like longest at the 25 got down to
and then million i Skyped with the 10
different teams of people who have ideas
so it's a big moment for me because I
want to introduce you to the the guys
that we flew all the way here from
Australia to be here today with you la
and we really want to get behind what
they're doing we think that what they're
doing is a really is an incredibly
creative solution to a really massive
problem that affects us all but I won't
go any further but I would love you to
give a massive round of applause to Joel
and ground
yeah what we're doing is actually
drawing out the invisible and making
mental health which is the black dog in
the room the idea that actually is
invisible we're making it visible hence
the reason for afraid OS form now this
is a shot from the second birthday and
this is 800 people line across 10 bench
where the first day before I was born
this is also a grant talking to the
whole community but what we're going to
do instead of actually us here talking
about this we want you guys to be
involved who's willing to stand up and
say I want to be a part of this so we're
getting everyone to join in just get
some fresh face pain where's a little
floral necklaces hello you guys can find
out more on a link their stuff
underneath so you can see some of their
videos and the projects have done
already this is also how's it going Dave
it's good farming is quite tight bro
yeah
get everyone at home and it's great fun
is good for them what excites me is
mixing compassion with problem solving
and wrapping it all up and fun so it's
not just about being all nice and sweet
and it's not all about solutions it's
about all of that mixed up with having a
good time and so yeah I thought we did
that good it's good fun good fun yo are
you guys doing okay good welcome to
VidCon andrew is rocking it rocking out
in there what's that called I never know
what they cool glider okay it reads your
mind yet they trying to spin really
close just look it goes crazy vote is
yes yeah
step up what's up buddy oh yeah good
Casey said first on my VidCon we're
gonna be kind getting a hoverboard
tutorial
yeah just imagine and it happens are you
doing today Jamal says just let me as
little what do you call this mega bored
yeah yeah yeah so I'm just I'm just
stealing tomorrow mega ball Sally's
dotty hey are you excited about VidCon
oh yeah you got the Sony as well
everyone yeah I just found a Hannah
she's gonna she's gonna give it a go
just don't die just don't overthink it
don't overthink it I said Oh guys I just
bumped into anthony and Ian how was your
premiere last night for Smosh movie
premiere in that I was expecting a red
carpet be so crazy yeah huge and then
they unbilled our wax figures we press
the red button and the drapes fell and
everything is like pretty much a well
congratulations hey listen they are
ridiculously real estate that is not
scary
and then this is like I feel like I'm
overlooking some self Oh crazy we're
going to try and recreate this high five
jumping height right let's go
I make sure there's going to go to your
d position all I was way too free to
jump what yeah oh so tiny out when I'm
onstage interview in 15 minutes so that
Sam that's what I'm gonna be back
there's all those people rise in
reviewing man he's been to interview on
stage without head on out all right but
are you heading out
he won
you're an explorer you're an adventurer
and you're a hair style maven haha for a
while you said that you weren't really
sure what you were doing was like was
making you happy and like what you
really wanted to do so have you gotten
past that and like what were you feeling
during that time I think for me my life
is this constantly evolving situation
and for all of us like I honestly if
you're if you at any point your life
just sit then you're like I am
100-percent content with everything like
everything's perfect I just don't think
that's reality for most people and I'm
like amazingly grateful for the position
I'm in and there to travel and share my
life and that you know i mean it is it's
crazy when i think about it often like
it's hard to see because i'm in inside
it and I'm like this is an amazing world
world I've found but yeah there is this
often discontent of like okay you know
because this is such an in this industry
of YouTube and everything like it's this
fast flowing thing that you can easily
get caught up into and it can it can
throw you in all sorts of directions
like do I want to work with like brands
to do branded videos do I want to what
network do I want to join where do I
want to travel in the world who don't
want to travel with and sometimes you
can lose perspective so for me I'm on
this constant journey of trying to gain
better perspective of my life and trying
to figure out okay what is what is
really important to me in the heart of
it like what's the most what the things
I really care about and where do I want
to invest my time into and I don't
always get it right and I think I'm
trying to learn that and I'd love to
learn ways to engage people and share
this engage like with my audience and
its share other people's stories and
maybe that becomes a format different to
my daily vlogs where I wake up and I'm
like hey guys and then I go to bed I'm
like peace out like I wonder whether
there's ways I can engage other people's
stories and make it totally about them
and like use my audience you might at
forum to share their stories and like
learn ways to visually share stories it
better than I am and at the moment so
hopefully that answered your question
fun
we had a great into and and now I'm like
overly going to meet some guys it's
trevor and Leah hey you're looking
forward to VidCon so you enjoying the
first day he's not actually this tool
it's because of this well I can't
everyone has it i feel like we're all
going to be we're never going to walk
again soon we're all gonna have those
yes the big fat people hot tub time is
it glorious Dave everything I've been
rushing around all day guys and the fact
that these hot tubs are here is just
great that's why there's no one else in
here I don't know but I like kind of
like that yeah guys I am perks we're
leaving the hot tub just met these girls
are you enjoying this car
have a great night just start out to the
YouTube hi gonna check out he was going
on
found your ID I'm Casey each other guys
we should have another window yeah we
realized we've got a long moment you
guys shoulda known each other
change the new guys 12 you guys are nuts
we can change the world maybe you guys
we're chillin up in Casey's room you
look at this guy just busting our violin
me and Dave trying to rhyme about some
world-changing ideas that was perfect
compassionate problem solvers that's all
we talk about guys when I say r.i.p I
don't just mean rest in peace I mean
rewind it please so we can remain in
peace because I have to read it properly
to get right in perspective because I
reside in poverty but on one writes in
property will have a rock innocent
people because he gains respect in
popping me that's the real ignorant
philosophy well one of the most epic
conversations of my life has ended its
like 4am no way is it five am-5 a.m.
I've got a panel in the morning with
Ben's Casey Nadine and some other people
about travel and filming adventure sci I
should probably sleep for a little bit
and all I pet you guys in peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
