I'm color I'm from Atlanta hi you're
watching from family boo good afternoon
guys today booking.com sending me on
another spontaneous adventure and
they're showing me their new app booking
now which lets you find available
accommodation near where you are and
they've challenged me to wait until
sunset tonight to use the app to find
somewhere to stay so me and Roy are down
there Santa Monica and we've hired two
choppers to start the day off and we're
going to cruise down to venice let's do
it
we found the cycle path this is such
glorious day guys this is my new
favorite vehicle it's just so much fun
you having fun Roya they're gonna be
hard but they're just like like read a
book right now straight chillin guys I
don't know why I wore jeans today this
is not jeans whether this is so much fun
guys and significantly easier than I
thought r in Venice Beach right now
fixed up enough to check out from their
skating I love the creativity in Venice
Beach so of them feel very at home here
we were on the hunt for ice cream guys
we're on the hunt for ice cream Oh icsi
not see an ice cream sign well ice cream
you're gonna get Raya they all look so
good but coconut as well what you know I
just was boring i just got chocolate but
i did get it dipped in chocolate so it's
going to have the solution it yeah go
for it
awesome thank you thank you oh thanks is
that right fitzy OH cheers right
this is so messy we're closer
it's dripping everywhere
so me and Riya have met up with everyone
else and also we have a little visitor
hey David arrived in California well
he's already been in California but he's
arrived in LA and I joined the join the
party good to see and we are now we are
now heading to ride horses for sunset at
the Hollywood sign which is something
I've wanted to do for ages some super
excited we are running very late though
we're running very late we told them the
horses are going to chill and wait for
us here we are guys let's hope they're
still open horses I think that's our
horse is waiting awesome yeah
hello dokie oh hello hello mate the
thankfully looks like we arrive in time
got horses are getting saddled up now
you're ready to get in your horse safe
meanwhile right yes pinner other months
yeah no wait you get a horse wedding
Rachel ever ridden a horse for a very
long time ah usually I'm whatever yeah
so that's been a little while but I yeah
we've ever seen the Halloween time no
look it looks amazing doesn't it look
good at least a little bit smaller than
I remember but you can't fool that
Rachel what's your horse's name Geronimo
what's your horse's name right hello
tracer boys your horse's name and Sidon
yes these horses are the most epic names
hey Fiona this is my horse well I found
a home with that kind of fits um safety
and all that no you should be quite I
think this will be quite tame a horse
riding compared to the trip me and Dave
did
and we're off finally dies there the
Hollywood sign yes whoa what'd you do
wrong the cabrillo this is literally
like tiptoeing along the edge this is so
cool Nick having fun mix horses really
eager to get ahead of life I'm trying to
pause oh yeah I know mine's the slow one
in Nyx's the fast ones the one how are
you guys doing
guys we're getting the most incredible
views there set us up so epic I'm also
glad that we're riding up this mountain
rather than walking up I think that much
more my boys being naughty oh yeah and
taking both your horses are very no way
we're trying to pose for a photo right
now and it's this we're all we're all
quite well babe the Hollywood sign looks
epic from here guys so f it the Sun is
like bursting for the clouds that is
just amazing
it's a beautiful little walk Dicky's
lost this reduce arrives back at the
ranch mostly i parked my horse okay well
done thank you yea though they come back
he's fingering so scaloppine oh my gosh
my face come here so good selfie so good
keep it feed it you're fired
Fiona Fiona to the horses are back in
their pen and son is now set so it's
time to see we can find a place to stay
on the looking now up I'm just going a
little swipe 3c we can find saw in Santa
Monica we just found an amazing place in
santa monica on the beach with a hot tub
whoa let's go we have stopped off on our
way to the hotel to get some food and we
just saw probably the best things is
getting an out burger again knock we got
all the burgers do not drop it right now
out of our friendship whoa
I think we won guys I think we won
anything a hot tub and the first thing
we're going to do is hit the hot tub
swear day yeah the face right answer
gets my swing shots actually found this
awesome dressing down Oh guys this is it
this is it you happy like I'm more happy
how awesome is this place next up and
also tomorrow is check out with you yeah
how you feeling lunch you happy we found
this place
got your feet got my coffee cheers guys
how is you girls loving this place well
it's a great end to a fantastic day and
I'm very glad we found so as to stay
tonight tomorrow we are heading to
Anaheim just south of LA for vet corner
so we're arriving like two days early so
we can just get to pursuing things
before stuff gets really crazy but I'm
from looking forward to it guys it's
going to be an amazing week see in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
