you're watching live me adventure
boom good afternoon guys me and Darcy
heading into London today I'm going to
drop her at the Abbey Road Studios the
famous Abbey Road Studios she's doing a
little tour because has a lot of you may
know she's very passionate about and
music production so hopefully that was
fun and then I'm gonna hang around wait
for her and then we're gonna do
something fun maybe see who else is in
London and it's gonna be a good day it's
gonna be good though yeah we were right
at Abbey Road Studios you know hot guys
I've never been here in my life it's one
of those famous places in London which
tourists come and take photos there's a
more Universal across scene like the
Beatles stuff Josh is met up with the
guys she's gonna go on a tour around the
studios with and ask questions to his
stuff he said they'd probably be a lot
half an hour so I decided to wait in the
canteen got some lunch
yes chillin laptop love come excited she
just told me this is the most excited
she's been about her life this year
she's looking forward to so I'm hoping
she goes some good connections and
places like this and follow her dream
that fund ah see well that wasn't the
classic angle but no yep you get the
idea
it's fun it's a lot of tourists doing it
we hope people their way through that
classic shot
we endorse in our little cafe there boy
we found coffee and also guys check this
out this is an outrage to show me about
where you can find good coffee around
London so you just like it finds your
location and then it's all these like
top rated places for like really good
convict now you should check it out
driving back past the beetle zebra
crossing so we have a plan for this
evening quite an exciting plan
firstly there are two people in London
which you guys may be excited to hear
around we're gonna be hanging out with
firstly Chloe who you guys remember from
the contiki trip when I was in Thailand
and stuff and we just walk into her
hotel now she's just arrived in London
and also JP has left Italy as well now
and he's been in Oxford and he's getting
a train into London to meet us and then
if all goes to plan we are going to
London Zoo for anything they're doing
called the sunset Safari so yeah it will
be seeing some cool animals as well yeah
you ready for some London adventures
cool all right and then you get like
still you must be only Safari in London
love the outfit
I think people have missed your dancing
hey hey man where you going our boy is
that a llama and alpaca
aloma guys look who I found
JP reunited again how your European
event is going JP it's been interesting
like growing up in the Mobius there's a
lot of German culture but actually
visiting Germany yeah it is quite
different but in a lot of ways the same
as well and then obviously the UK is
like really different it's great right
now they see the perfect on the air guys
did you everything in coming to London
right now it's perfect
pretty hot the bikinis we've found this
London black cab which is no longer
black scofieid first photo B so we're
going to go in and have a fun fight
again our space and painted food animals
these the animals
like a tiger alive or among good thing
tiger lion hunting leper can you do
leopard we have to embrace like the
fiber detail what are you going for
Chloe snake are you know game for a full
base you come down
I'm a snake but only half the snake
didn't wanna get
Oh guys what do you think we basically
matching on me I think so yeah we're
finally brothers aren't we yeah I like
it yeah I like the makeup the glitter it
I think it does work but not very much
but I don't mind that I like it
oh that's really nice that's great
parent if there's about to be an
acrobatic display here so
chicken apparently so chicken that could
be a rabbit for amazing you just come
here you just said
look how rounds these guys are this is
like a fool I think you need to go the
diet this looks amazing
I don't know whether it's from Peruvian
Peru
oh wow my food look at this guy look at
it what's he doing
which ones most dangerous well they're
not so much danger to us they've been as
perhaps they're useless if I let one
bite me would it be
we'll see monkeys monkeys
well that was a lovely evening at London
Zoo you know gonna find something else
to do for a little bit I'm thinking jazz
face paint on but you know copy
we found a little chill spot check this
table out
it's made of coffee beans guys it's tied
raining and also lightning we feel like
it's about to be a massive storm like a
big puzzle basically it's chucking it
down wow that is that is organization
we're trying to hide from the rain it's
not really working all that really a
tree in a thunderstorm
gun - am I have to drive back with Darcy
and Ella and then first it's tomorrow
and to dive back into London so I'm not
gonna get much sleep tonight it's been
awesome hanging out man yeah man it's
you got me hooked on jazz Oh guys it's
been a fantastic day I'm heading to bed
it's very late he's gone it's like half
5:00 in the morning
and before I go I completely forgot to
tell you guys about this video as in
with Jamie Oliver he was teaching me to
kick some stuff it's like a half an hour
long episode of us cooking stuff nice
yeah you should check it out I'll link
it below anyway go showing some love and
subscribe with you not already right
tomorrow
very exciting day it's Steve Booker's
stag do he's getting married next month
in August so we're gonna have some fun a
whole bunch of guys some of which you'll
recognise some of which you white but
I'm gonna bring you guys along hopefully
and we're gonna have an awesome day
alright peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure boom
