what's going on guys my name is Jason I
just got back from New York City and I'm
currently in Vancouver Canada and you
guys are watching fun for Louie
boom get off the name guys I've had a
children today so far and then we hit an
out lunch gonna get some panini don't
win it oh yeah what is the pin okay you
know I think she knows like a tasty
sandwich
they'll copy before we buy our
sandwiches all these down here which is
awesome for 15 panini 15 card readers
broken up a link to the guy had a cafes
and a drivers down to the bank never had
a shop owner to drive me to the bank to
paid we're getting in the car with a
stranger
got that money
however the paninis really good how are
you feeling today Rachel time for laptop
club in the Sun and a little coffee I'm
taking - Rachel using my macbook of the
tray here hopefully then spilled coffee
all over it how the waitresses do this
clearly not you go this is the least
spill it's just a laptop and I play with
it
why don't forget Nepal in a minute
we've been sunbathing and working great
combination and the Sun is just sit
behind the mountain over there
I just wanted to pass to Rachel she's
doing because I think she's been really
brave
I have a look at can I look at your head
yeah I'm gonna try and be naughty and
wash my hair in the bath be very careful
because the doctor said you can do that
it looks alright you know yeah
guys you know she did this had these
stitches done without any painkillers or
anesthetic good job good job
I'm glad you're feeling okay okay you do
that can treat yourself bye well it's
dinner time and the whole team are
heading out we're going to a town nearby
and finding a cool restaurant I'll reach
the tour guide what else right
how can you see yeah
the first four courses I don't know what
this is but it looks yummy
second courses arrived I don't know what
this is like something green probably
vegetables this is my third course but
again I don't really know what is I
think that's beans onions and sausages
and then I haven't literally no idea
what that is
chocolate desserts all around
I've already got back from dinner and
we're just reading through some comments
from if face blood and you ties a really
angry with me because I wasn't very
caring for red chillies when I was just
filming her having an injury so I just
want to reassure you that I do care
about her okay do you care about me guys
don't stress out I'm just looking after
me I'm just better looking
I'm just much better looking after me
and though he had a job to do which was
to capture everything and she chaired
and she takes everything before I
uploaded it yeah and he was very caring
and came in and looked after me when the
camera wasn't rolling and I tried my
best
yeah and then pizza and I think at least
one time he was like are you okay Louie
and I have a good relationship and if I
had one of you
filming I would have told him to stop I
did a couple of times yeah and I did
stop there you go guys that's it that's
the full story he is learning chivalry
day by day well before I get to bed guys
I do want you to know that despite the
way I looked I do care about Rachel and
the important people in my life and I
would hate to think that I don't give
that impression I clearly didn't
yesterday and so I have apologized to
Rachel if she felt that way but also to
you guys I don't want to be leaving a
negative example and come across as
uncaring so I'm sorry if that is the way
it comes across in my life sometimes
it's hard to capture everything if I do
my best and sometimes I am more focused
on you know vlogging and doing stuff
it's a hard balance to get sometimes but
you know can't I'm constantly learning
and I think that's a good thing about
life for all of us is you know we make
mistakes and we learn it's a big thing
it's trial and error you know and it's
okay it's okay to make mistakes in
different ways as long as you learn from
them I guess so anyway there's a little
thought for tonight before I head to
sleep I think I was also gonna introduce
you guys to this story team properly
tonight but we've forgotten we were
having dinner and chatting away and
stuff so tomorrow I will introduce the
whole team and tell you what they're up
to and stuff but it's been fun these
last few days and me and Rachel heading
off back to the London tomorrow evening
so gonna make the most of Italy and then
I thought I don't know what's going on
London for a few days and then New York
and a bunch of fun travel stuff which I
will fill you in on
cool I'll see in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
