good afternoon guys we were in Bali we
just had a delicious lunch if you didn't
say yesterday Raya came all the way to
Bali and surprise me thanks for JP as
well for soy now bro bro there's such a
good surprise and now we're we're just
going to run back to the house we're
staying it and we're gonna grab a few
extra things and then we're heading to a
waterfall today should be pretty fun
guys check out where we are staying over
the next few days in Bali
bright on the beach we have a little
beach house how cool is this place I
know we literally woke up this morning
we're like is this real life when we
actually together it honestly felt like
a dream yeah this is the this is just an
incredible house like this is we came
here last time just some local guys that
are living here invited us to come say
hi
and then I we've been in touch and then
I was just like ah can we crash for a
few days so literally we're just living
in Paradise right now
we've arrived and the waterfall well
just to the entrance bit when we walk in
unfortunately just as we arrived it
started raining so we're gonna try and
hide somewhere for a little bit but
there's nothing I have is waterproof
it's still great to be back at Bali
there those tropical rain yeah we've got
umbrellas the day has been saved
thank you
or the rains really coming down now
we never know
well the rain has died down we've had a
fun little time messing around I was too
scared to go directly below the water
because it's quite a big drop and I
think now at hammer you are
this is a really cool tie
I love that you can go behind there
and these umbrellas so glad we got the
umbrellas
that's really cool guys whoa it suddenly
got very dark it's so dark under the
canopy as well like under the trees
here's a little tip guys if you're
traveling you can find hidden the cool
locations on Instagram just look for
like geotags and then you can just find
like epic spots good travel tip
it is convenient for pushing all the
sand off my feet
if this is the name of the waterfall you
didn't see as we came in TB mana
waterfall definitely worth checking out
okay we have arrived in the boot well we
are gonna get some food we've always
stopped in here on the way back to get
some delicious foods if you remember our
our trip last year this is like the
restaurants here are incredible but
before we do that we're thinking maybe
we should go for a Tiki massage because
that is one of the other things Barney's
famous for is cheap massages so we're
gonna go try and find a spa somewhere
and get an hour's massage and then eat
after that all right
we are tucking into a delicious meal
this is my veggie burger with avocado
got a little side of dal all right we
got a little takeout coffee and some
vegan chocolate orange cake which I'm
very excited about
now we're gonna jump back in the car for
a long ride time it's got 5:00 in the
morning I've been editing all night it's
a bit of a shame because Roy is
jet-lagged and she went straight to bed
since we got back so body clocks is
slightly out of sync
I'm enjoying having her hair still feels
like an absolute dream so nice tomorrow
we're gonna get focused again and I'm
hoping we can meet up with some people
have reached out to to do some
interviews learn a little bit about Bali
Indonesia inspired by some people here
and yeah hopefully continue getting some
really yeah in depth incredible kind of
content to cut together eventually at
the end of all this for our documentary
it's been really amazing having JC join
us just upping our game as well and yeah
I've just enjoyed really enjoyed the
last couple of months and the next month
we've got until the end of the journey
and yeah just trying something new being
able to create something I feel like
really inspired and and
just the first time in a long time that
this is something I can really get
creative with and especially I'm
actually looking forward to the Edit
even though it's gonna be just a mammoth
insane edit obviously I'm going to get
some people to help me but cutting this
down into hopefully this yeah this
documentary
hopefully a powerful documentary yeah
will be a fun process and hopefully can
show some of what we're trying to
communicate some of what we have
experienced and this incredible journey
around the world and yeah I guess we're
two-thirds of the way through now so
yeah it's going well it's going well
guys and thanks for continuing to
support it and if you haven't already
head over to the website pre-order the
documentary I haven't been reminding you
enough but that really helps to support
us and encourages us to continue with
the whole thing and yeah yeah hopefully
we we do you're proud right I'll catch
you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
