hey I'm tom I'm from Guilford in the UK
and I make films for a living and you
are watching fun for Louie good morning
guys I'm on the roof of the apartment
locker area and about to have breakfast
with everyone that can join the gang a
mom oh yeah we're trying to we're trying
to make coffee
coffee's clapping right now yeah morning
guys look at this amazing feast we've
got bagels we got through the
blackberries
so as you guys know broken comm are
putting this up in this amazing
apartment in Manhattan a week and they
just tweeted me that city died for us to
find some cool stuff to do around New
York today so guys this is where we're
staying right in the center of Manhattan
and it's pretty cool because there's a
lot of things pretty nearby and just
pulled out the city guides you're gonna
have a little look okay let's have a
look so Central Park is first over this
sounds good okay yes has your mom been a
nice mom doing at Central Park yeah I
think you should get bikes and I think
we should under green my longboard
everyone else will get bikes and we do
this like cruise around find a nice spot
so unfortunately very choice and feeling
very well today so she's just gonna
chill and relax until the apartment are
we gonna meet back up with Atlantic
something we're going to make dinner
well JP is going to make dinner for us
his famous pizzas
I've been waiting weeks have a longboard
out because everyone's walking out
harness like
but now everyone's got bikes and we're
about to head in Central Park and I'm
gonna follow them on this guy will be
searching for Raya
guys its baking hot today but bacon I'm
swaying just from that little skate so
we just found this sprinkle I'm going to
jump in
guys disgust it's pretty cool I found
this turret right in the corner so I'm
doing a little photo shoot go see them
they can get photos down there and the
flag blowing in the background I think
we came the wrong way I think so I don't
think you're supposed to push the bikes
down stairs although my mom's go
travel
did you guys enjoy the cycling ready for
lunch
wherever you found for lunch and that's
pre over America
food has arrived burgers all around
pretty much but for me I've got a
chicken quiet there and blue deer salad
salad and fried zucchini nice and
healthy
 this guy look at the size of this
guy though
oh and sweet potato fries lunch was
delicious we're now jumping in a new bar
and we're going to get some coffee and
then we're gonna go kayaking on the
Hudson River no I think
so we've arrived at the kayaking place
we're just going to get our lifejacket
so on jumping the kayaks and it's kind
of a perfect time to paddle on the river
really golden our sunset kayaking like
out then
another slowly antipyretic sunset no I
unfortunately so we're just gonna start
heading back but you never know maybe
the Sun will peak out of the clouds
again we're making pieces because JP was
telling everyone the whole day that he
is the best pizza connoisseur in the
world so he's gonna show me how to make
pizza like they could chef Jamie Oliver
everything from scratch just reading the
flour in the grind it down right
freaking delicious look at this
check one other use on a pizza I'll be
good check this in the pizza
oh crap alright so I'm entering out on
my own to quickly grab some flowers that
this is turning into a bit of a bigger
mission than we were anticipating that
being said I think we should be okay we
got the girls a little treat because we
we think we're do we think they're great
JP is back and is well underway in his
pizza making talk us through what you
doing bro I don't know what I'm doing
now I'm just preparing the dough it's
homemade there's a special recipe you
know you look refried what you doing
here man and then he's got and overhead
chopping some mushrooms what you clean
up their base and a pizza is this your
secret ingredient thank you Michael
the first piece is ready and the kale
salad I think I'm gonna stick what's the
next P - you have flour on your face
great she's been resting I haven't seen
you today are you feeling any better I'm
glad that you can join us for a little
family meal
he's the number three we finished our
pizzas JP did an incredible job well
done man
round of applause and look what's
arrived to our room looking calm treated
us to dessert which it's amazing also
looks very patriotic and Rachel's also
in the American themed t-shirt we should
all buy those t-shirts
Worcester in America we did that last 7
min Nick were here with his last year
Nick and we all got American best yeah
we need to do that again so it's the end
of another incredible day in New York
and it was nice to have our own space to
cook in tonight instead of eating out
and it's great to have my mom here as
well looking forward to showing her
around the next couple of days I'm gonna
catch you guys in the morning probably
have a bit of a chill go on tomorrow
peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
