I'm done good afternoon guys we've just
left the place is staying at and we're
going for a little stroll and a ton of
police cars and undercover people of
just driven past so it's going to go and
show you these guys it's nuts they will
sit around machine guns in their car
they're sitting in the back there with
machine guns there
just chillin so crazy
this had a coffee take miss troll now is
just beautiful outside guides the
perfect heat and we stumbled across this
place des belles brooklyn poetry shop
this could be Rachel's favorite place
so we've wondered down to a place in
Brooklyn called Prospect Park decided
might find a nice patch in the Sun and
lie down and relax
there's
I just met this guy Millie he's gonna do
some freestyle rap for me go for it man
have it fun getting wet with the fam and
not having I'm just playing around with
the track but if I look forward to the
future no looking back I'm not thinking
about the stacks or the money I ain't
thinking about your girl or the honey
anything about them bad times I'm just
thinking about all the times that I want
and I'm just getting drunk a little song
that's it playing with it with my new
friend and we gonna make a little bit
more ants no make pretend I just want to
do it for all my friends you know you
can that's fun jumping in an AV that's
Manhattan now Times Square it is crazy
here guys
we're trying to microwave out so I was
staying and we overtaking and so then I
think we're gonna figure out some
thinner plans
the girls back at the apartment
grab my longboard and I'm heading down
to Andres place to watch a sunset with
JP it's gonna be a busy year for one
tonight guys
Joey's on developing Cruces renew your
this is amazing
Larry dangerous
that's where we're heading guys sort of
that building to watch that sunset
how you doing man very good thing yeah
pretty good reckon yeah you ready to see
one of the best sunsets rivers see not
really let's do this
is this it oh no good good this Jacy
so we've come down from the roof and now
me entre JP are heading to meet up with
Nick and Andrea heading out for dinner I
think in Indian food I think I'm up for
Indian food
probably picked up the whole gang
they've had a very restful day having
near your anything are you ready for
food yes
food isn't right for me and they've got
chicken vindaloo
he's quite spicy
when you take it
let's see please notice Boise is the
last thing a manager has Semyon rider
have left the restaurant and we're now
having some jazz
that was awesome guys
so good I feel super relaxed
how did you find them at some of my
favorite jazz bucks so chill like the
vibe is just yeah I feel relaxed now
well it's been another fun day New York
it's been a little bit weird for me
today guys because I when I don't make
any plans and the fact that been to New
York a few times and I've done a lot of
the the classic things you do in New
York and I found myself defaulting to
just go into the coffee shops for lunch
and then just wandering around and kind
of feeling a little bit aimless and
wanting to explore more of the cool
things that are going on but often as
well just a feeling kind of fatigues at
the moment like I'm lacking energy and
then also I kind of want to hang out
with everyone and everyone has slightly
different ideas of what they want to do
I don't know we're still had a good day
but I feel like for you guys it's less
interesting but this following week I am
gonna try and explore past New York
happen it's awesome to catch some jazz
tonight when my mom arrives tomorrow
night I think we're gonna be looking for
the coolest just spots later in the week
so let me know below if you know awesome
jazz places in New York we're thinking
like Harlem I know some good places in
Harlem also first thing in the morning I
mean back up with Raya and we're gonna
go and watch the sunrise which is a bit
different for me because normally I
don't get up in the mornings but yeah it
should be pretty epic she's found a cool
spot to do that right I'll see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
