hi I'm Madison I'm from El Salvador and
you're watching from for the week
hi today we are heading into London
again
we're going in slightly different way
this time because the tubes quite long
Wow
yeah and I've got a coffee meeting and
then we're doing some more planning time
for coffee
all right Coffee time
Rachel cheers Cheers
so are you going headphones - no just
thank chairs no I'm doing in the house
cheers oh this is great coffee this is a
great place those notes Trafalgar Square
this is like a perfect that will a
little work space we're doing they've
already been here two hours like isn't
that for myself
and so it news I've managed to finally
get to hang out with Chris Kendall
crabstickz he was in LA shooting a
little film with PJ recently a little
short film but we didn't get to meet up
with their stuff he's heading hopefully
over here now and we're gonna grab some
lunch together I'm really excited about
because I love these videos lunch has
arrived and so is Chris hey Chris how
are you doing how's life give me a
little Cheers give me no chairs no I've
already had three I'm against that
so happy shakes how was LA awesome yeah
tell us about that can you tell it is it
it's not secret what you're working
anymore I mean now Oscars hotel oh no
those people know now it's just been
Instagram dear
and when's that you know a release date
yet it's gonna go in September again
further it might be an episode so it
might be all at once
I don't know awesome and if you want to
see a little bit of behind the scenes
over on Christian oh he's vlogging the
whole time and you know elaborate
costumes and sets and stuff yeah
you did well I enjoyed it I enjoyed it I
saw it sometimes you were referencing my
vlogs it's funny yeah one two three four
what's your what's your channel or like
int and sio2 don't check him out guys
hey youtube we move more than about five
meters it's really fun I'm having the
best day ever
so we've been wandering around for a
little while and Rachel's found this
Park and one of the things I love about
London is hi well ladybird is landed on
my lips guys look at this
wait I need to show you this
this guy
anyway also saying one of the things I
love that London is this part that I've
never been to I'd only have ever been to
this part before because it's like
massive and there's so much to explore
here so where are we Ross the square
okay I think I've driven past it we've
been relaxing the last couple of hours
having deep discussion conversation
about life and the youtubes and
everything because as well as we have
gotten along and get along as friends we
are in real life friendship this is like
the first time we've really had two
quality time together because it's often
over watching each other's videos and I
was just explaining all this on his blog
he too much it's off but it's fun though
that I think that's my favorite thing
about meeting youtubers is there's no
there's no messing around having to get
to know people you just it's just
straight away it's like real life
YouTube and we have so much in common as
well and we would and Rachel was kind of
getting annoyed who is talking about
YouTube the whole time so much closet no
it's that's valid like no it's been
really fun
thumbs up
but everyone's got their flood cameras
out I already said your boys I like it
like contact lens vlogging that will be
the future Solaris NYX just left with
Dylan Lawrence and Rachel just ate one
of my spicy you are these tacos
give me like a delay
let me read the end
it's the funnest 140 maybe pick up
America
you know I think you should draw well
also its largest birthday today so we
decided we're gonna hang out because
you've always gotta hang out with
someone new better
I think the sounds of it you like spice
as well so I feel like it's good Annette
it was that one it was that one this one
yeah happy birthday to you happy
birthday happy birthday Lauren
but there's no candles we fly out but
just imagine this camera okay I'll make
it I'll make a wish a chocolate cake
I just look how pretty this is
it's so nice lovely
it's war the weather it was cold earlier
today but it's kind of warmed up and
grace is just saying in Australia that
it never stays like this Lane it's only
just on darkness like 7:30 and all the
lights pretty and the London Eye we're
gonna have a fun few days
is it weird I like getting buses is that
weird I don't like this
we have arrived back at the house but
we've also decided we've got an early
start London tomorrow and that race is
not here for long so why not go and stay
in a cool hotel with a hot tub that's
kind of what I'm thinking anyway so I'm
just about to ruin place and find out
what's going on hello I have two
questions I have two questions yeah one
do you have a room available for tonight
okay well that kind of invalidates my
second question but I'll ask it anyway
in the future I've heard a rumor that
you have a hot tub on the top of your
hotel and it's open 24 hours and you
definitely don't we can't sleep in the
hot tub sorry we can't sleep in the
house okay try anyway how many well I
can try to ask him and we already knew
about it okay so I leave my number also
I ring back in a bit can you recommend a
hotel nearby that we could maybe use
that hotel but then also use the hot tub
do you have like a partner hotel fully
booked you can try to win free hotel but
a few hours ago they were selling the
room for 500
well that's that's rather extortionate
isn't it okay well thanks for your help
okay I'll call back in 10 so turns out
we might rather sleep in the might be a
bit weird then we might wake up super
wrinkly I don't think she really heard I
said I think she thought can we use the
hot dog and she's like I'll ask my
manager you can use it let me sleep in
it okay anyway we're gonna figure this
out guys well it turns out my thoughts
about a late-night hot tub we're a bit
too ambitious nothing really works out
there's no hotels in London available
tonight which i think is crazy
apparently it's a very very busy time so
we are crashing here we're head up in
the morning and yeah we've got a fun day
planned tomorrow should be should be
good and I power into weather's gonna be
nice
see you then peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
