hi I'm Sasha from Russia
this is Ola and you're watching fatherly
enjoy boom good morning guys
oh what a crazy day I'd yesterday just
woke up central London and I am heading
back down so sorry to get my things
ready for heading up to New York today
and also I've heard that a very special
package has been delivered
I'd love to open and show you guys
I had enough coffee in a banana for
jumping on the train
so I'm back my parents and I'm going to
reveal to you
the exciting thing that arrived in the
post it is the new GoPro some of you may
have seen this on the internet really
the hero4 session yeah I've just opened
it up so I'll show you what I've
discovered so this is the old this is
the GoPro for black I think it's cool
wait let me I'll see like you can
compare them so this is the one I've had
been using and it's basically the same
shape and size as the 3 and the 3 plus
check this out this is the new GoPro
this is the new GoPro look at that yeah
so check this out this doesn't need a
case guys this is the first thing I
found out about it it's fully waterproof
without a case just comes with it floats
I'll then I'll take it out is kill yeah
so this is it on its by itself so these
are them side by side so hero4 and the
hero4 session it's a lot smaller it's
it's a bit wider that way but these are
the things that are different so the for
session doesn't come with 4k video and
it doesn't come with a high frame rate
but it does mean because it doesn't have
a waterproof case that their needs
apparently the audio is way better
especially be using it in and out of the
water which I will test very soon and
also apparently the low-light is much
better as well and what else am I
missing yeah so apparently does 1080 at
30 has other time-lapse features and I
think a lot of it is integrated with
using an app rather than needing a
screen or anything so I'm very excited
to start using this also I didn't
mention this isn't out yet and the
reason I got it now is because gopro
tweeted me a few weeks ago and they
would just want it to my contact
information my address and stuff so i
was like
I wonder what that's about and that I
found how it's because they're sending
me the new GoPro and they email me
saying they excited about our the
beginning of a partnership with them so
I don't know what that means but I'm
excited to chat to them and see if I can
do or some things with GoPro because
they're an awesome company sweet I mean
you'll see over the next week I'll start
testing this out showing you guys the
footage what it looks like and I'm going
to be creative with where I can put this
because it's pretty small right I've got
bit packing to do because in a few hours
I am going to the airport and I'm
heading to New York I'm going to take
this little bad boy with me and
and I'm going to try and pack really
light as well I mean that's another good
thing about it isn't it it's tiny I put
in my pocket no I really like wiggle my
other things because I've been lugging
around quite a big bag and I need to
downscale so I even thought I might not
bring any clothes to New York just one
change of clothes and then go shopping
with Rachel because she's good at
helping pick plays right let's get ready
I've got my stuff ready I'm saying
goodbye to my family still later ah all
right they're gonna show here da please
say goodbye since she's chillin
my dad's give me left I hope you catch
that plane I feel like I've forgotten
stuff every day okay see ya
that one I need surely not okay guys
gonna try and take my longboard see how
that works out
oh sweet
thank you lift up it's okay in a month
Billy must wear in five minutes if the
long ball doesn't get through yeah well
I'm going to try I think I've done it
before it's really fine you later
apparently much flight is already
boarding Oh
hey lady the my cake
you
what dinner has arrived you think I got
some kind of chicken thing oh yeah
guys I'm having a bit of nightmare my
laptop's run out of battery and this
particular tower device the plane
doesn't charge MacBooks it just gives
you a USB port so they were editing for
me unfortunately for guys we have landed
in New York and I made a friend on the
plane you can sell him and we are going
to grab an uber together into Manhattan
we're just heading outside thanks
the street I like to call as the most
annoying streets New York how this
literally lights everywhere during the
day it is just so Ram Chaka vlog you
cannot walk it faster than a snail's
pace um it just lights and people and
noise and ah
angry uplifting fuel it's like to eat
the river take you down the street ever
again guys have arrived
like crazy have you found New York oh my
goodness I love it yeah I knew you would
look who else is jokes and Raya hey guys
look what they got me sushi and
something else
chicken or Sicily teriyaki I'm guessing
it's cold because I took ages coming
here but I'm going to eat oh this is
cool Wow
right we've been hanging out upstairs
and now rise heading home
well it's so warm here in New York like
proper human forget when you're in
aircon plages
rise heading off we're going to hang out
tomorrow hopefully and then I need to
head up now and edit
see you tomorrow ah well it is
definitely time to go to bed I am so
tired just to quickly explain the
apartment we first walk didn't see that
is where Nick and Angie are gonna be
staying but jp's crashing there tonight
and this apartment it's got two bedrooms
for me and Rachel we're going to be
doing some work here this week and I
just want to say a big thank you to
booking.com for hooking this place up
for us it's amazing and I'm just I'm
just really looking forward to this
whole time in New York I Love New York I
will see you guys the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
