hi I'm Stephanie and I'm you know and
we're from Chicago and you're watching
funny Louie good morning guys it's 10:00
a.m. I've driven all the way into
central London and I'm about to go in
and meet all the boys first Agatha today
Steve stag day or but part immigrants
will equal it in the States and I what's
it called
anyway um yeah we're going go fighting
and then there's an array of activities
planned for the day and I'm ready I'm
ready for this
right a Pluto having submission to the
helmet a couple Excel
the other way
do that
ah
I think second guys second for this
22.92 second
Dave a second to last unfortunately
stay stay come on man
so we finished the go flying and we've
headed around the corner to a pub pub
lunch with all the boys a couple of
other guys showing up looking for today
you looking forward to today Steve yes
dude as a ride
I got sausage and mash everyone else
seemed to get burgers yes you couldn't
egg in your burger bro have you been
eating good food really trainer Vanessa
training yeah so they can trim for the
wedding yeah enjoy today look how trim
the trim Steve look here we need to
stitch see verbally where today's in
stag dish so we're giving them a center
for the day
we're taking this to the next level
Ollie went and poured some gel and some
home
what are you doing
I can
so I was chatting to Jamie Oliver
yesterday and I told him it Steve stag
do today and he said he couldn't make it
but he would shout it's all a drink at
his 15 restaurant so we've come down and
we were all going to have a have a
refreshing drink thank you very much
Steve
guys this bandit inside the van that's
nuts in it
wait when you get in your way oh boy
right knee nice and admit when you get
in your motorbike
have you done your tip guys
recently been took his motorbike test
these taken info by next I feel like
maybe I should say my advisor let me go
motorbike adventure alright we're going
bowling
terribly we now food a chicken burger
I've been waiting around for a little
while for my sweet potato fries but
they're finally arrived
Alan's finished his star how you doing
Alan it's been a while we realized we
haven't seen each other for apparently
18 months I don't know that's true yeah
guys when was Alan lost in one of my
videos
no that's not true just ask women I
remember
talans funny that you can't any smell
and I can tell you guys he doesn't smell
so you're a rock we cleared that one up
how you doing Mike how's life tell tell
my viewers what we're planning to do in
September September is that the dates
Romania with positive progress in
Romania
he's going to join
yeah yeah Romania September
well it's midnight we've spent quite a
few hours in this place
bowling having dinner I get some drinks
things getting slightly out of control
half the group of left but these still
going strong so we're going to go on to
another bar are you going strong going
strong yeah man I'm on it now I got you
know um I am great good
they're all great we're all great that
is an awesome car oh it's odd rock that
so bad I think everyone's head left the
other boys we caught an uber back to the
car
so drove up there this morning to the
go-karting and now we're heading back
down to story
well is 4 a.m.
I've got back to my parents house I've
had an incredible day it may have been a
bit weird for you guys a bit I've been
trying to capture what I've been up to
but it's mainly been just hanging out
and catching up and chatting there's
only the guys I saw today that I haven't
really spent any time with in years so
that was all awesome and I think Steve
really enjoyed himself it's great stag
day I am heading to bed I'll catch you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
