good morning guys it is about 5:30 in
the morning I'm getting kind of used to
these early mornings got a few hours
sleep we are leaving
Kuala Lumpur Malaysia today and we're
heading to Bali and we've just seen this
really posh like departure lounge this
is lucky
business starflowers vibes they were
gonna raid up some of the food for for
the flight get snacks for that journey
JC how are you feeling about today's
flight yeah what about the volcano they
okay the volcano in Bali is like just
about to blow it's like you know massive
plumes of smoke point out everyone's
evacuated it's probably a little bit
silly that we're gonna be flying in
there but apparently it's unlikely
they'll ground all air traffic even if
the volcano does blow we're having a
little McDonald's breakfast on the
runway well not the runway not the robot
me in the the runways right there on the
apron I know I know
I should be I'm just checking for water
in the fuel so it's a couple hours me to
analyse it water is denser than fuel so
it'll always be at the bottom and I'm
always also able to look for debris in
the fuel make sure it's clean
you never know whether fuel has been and
how old it is it's good to inspect you
feeling good about today's flight
jaitley yeah excited excited to get
there it's just much longer flight
thinner I don't know I was just hoping
it's gonna be this I guess it is less
what's it like six hours yeah yes they
was a big flight
I did just see a lightning strike over
that direction but I feel like is that
that's not the direction we're flying is
this is very slightly
thank you have a good day
so we've been doing it exactly one hour
now
no apartment
so the we're playing in a port on our
roof which is about five hours down the
line from
and they refuse to clear us because that
April doesn't open for another two hours
but we're not gonna be there for at
least another five it justice anyway it
just it's just frustrating because
there's a storm on the way I need to get
out of here I need to get at least 200
miles away from here ASAP
press 2 the weather is fine it's just
local and and now we're delayed because
of incompetent today traffic control
which is just shocking and this is
nothing to do with Malaysia this is me
this is just Indonesia that's being full
of crap anyway ok we'll be
yeah it looks like we got about to get
our clearance so we've been parked up
here for a little bit now so stupid
what's up it's so stupid it isn't
actually stupid like like why didn't
they think where we were departing from
didn't they not look at that before
saying no they just they just looked at
the Department departure time and then
the entire flight it's just stupid
obviously it takes a while to get places
just confirm this possible closer to
party time wait I'm confused so I'm able
to leave now all right I'll taxi back to
kilo I'll just come back later
to zero maintain 4,000 feet and to 6-0
you do know you're vectoring me into
storm circumference I got a little
surprise sent out to Bali for you the
latency
I gave another address to air it this
way fancy oh you know what I could do it
as a hobby boss oh yeah then one three
two that's more seven five six
you know what the slogan of hobby boys
are evil must get there for you know
what I mean
makes kids happy it makes me very happy
you don't say that vegan but it don't
say that don't contain take gelatine
baby cow gelatin it's just whale
gelatine start pitocin
we are landing in seven minutes
we're close yeah I was really hoping
we'd see the volcano at the game it
never in my life but I think I'd fly an
aeroplane into this Airport it's big no
it's tiny but it's like I've been here
numerous times when I do something that
I don't usually do want to land without
flaps okay there might be a little
office I'll try my best
what's the advantage of learning without
flap there's no advantage it's just
landing without collapse as an emergency
procedure because it means your flaps
have failed so I'm just practicing
there's no risk
all right give them oh yeah
other space landed I wasn't too bad
barley so our friend tio has come to
pick us up
I don't know if you remember when me and
Raya in barley last time we work this is
that incredible house they had like a
little treehouse area and it's like
really really beautiful
anyway that was tio and it's brother and
kindly said that we can come stay a few
days is this coming into car now to pick
us up
thank you feeling a bit oh it's really
funny yeah we're at a massive a bullet
and look at all the kites like the
little super long ties right next to the
edges well it's like kids flying kites
we we have Rio waiting and Louie has no
idea like it's zero so good tennis act
because he's like said no we have no
plans we just want to cheer just what
happened yeah he's gonna chill he's
gonna definitely enjoy having higher
and yeah I'm excited you excited Louie
you guys aren't ready for this place how
are you all right no you're not ready
for this place yeah it's a heavy bag you
might remember this place from last time
hey here we are look at that treehouse
deck deck up there
this is where we're staying next few
days in the beach house cool gopher
what oh my gosh I know it oh my heart is
racing
yeah I'm just gonna fight with us all
the way - awesome - how did you make it
to my dad I'm like you know what's the
craziest thing yeah you bought your
ticket a month ago yeah yeah and we
arrived on the day that she never seen
Louis the shark I'm totally sure and if
it works so where with all the cameras
rolling cuz you're like everyone's
filming cuz art we were in this
beautiful house as well it's not like
suspicious oh my god I just okay guys I
have never been this surprised in my
life like I don't know do you saw my
Instagram but I posted a photo from two
years ago where I surprised Riya for her
birthday but I've never had that kind of
surprise until today literally have no
clue that she was here yeah you were
like shaking I I just was in shock I'm
still kind of in disbelief of like this
is this really is it's real I'm so happy
this is gonna make this last few days in
Bali and then Australia like a hundred
times better this I'm excited to do the
world fly anyway but I think the number
one thing I've struggled with is like
being apart for me so now like my life
is complete okay
right we are wandering down to get some
food now oh my gosh pick your dress up
we have to walk through this little
River on the way
she's made it I can't believe you had to
take your trousers off
let he would have gone he actually would
have got he would have literally full oh
my gosh we got our drinks
JB got the freeze ray talk us through
your drinks what did you get all right
it's the end of the evening I am such a
good mood guys I cannot believe that
Ryan managed to pull that off that she
managed to come out here and surprise me
apparently they've been planning it for
months JD's been in on it so yeah thanks
bro making this happen
it's honestly I've just cannot stop
smiling and yeah it's just so epic to
have her with us and yeah I'm so excited
that she'll be joining for the next for
the next leg as well like when we leave
barley over to Australia that she's
gonna be coming for the adventure as
well that was the one thing I was saying
earlier it's the one thing that's been
missing from this whole trip is it's
been able to spend proper time with her
and like I don't know it's but I've just
felt a slight part of me being a bit
empty you know
so now everything is amazing and yeah I
can't wait to explore the next couple of
days it's gonna be
gonna be epic
right catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life a little adventure
