hi this is candy at Bryce Canyon
National Park in southern Utah USA and
you're watching fun for Louie boom good
afternoon guys
me and Dave are painful little stroll to
try and find some coffee I had a very
lazy morning actually I just slept I
just slept for like I don't know I feel
like in 11 hours of something it was it
was glorious and I needed her but now I
need coffee guys we walking past this
dance studio and this is sick what is
that
this sounds amazing guys we're going to
go and investigate
wanna join in that's so badly
so we just spoke to the people doing the
dancing and apparently this is like a
weekly thing that happens on a Saturday
and a Sunday yeah yeah Sunday so me and
they going to come back tomorrow 11:45
we can give it a go I'm a little dog
have a little bigger they all know the
moves they're worried I'm bad at
choreograph stuff I'm gonna laugh a lot
but I'm gonna try my best
okay the third Bryan's I'm excited that
sounded also we found the coffee place
this is supposed to be the best coffee
place in Santa Cruz Tuesday yeah
apparently guys this is a good drink by
it's healthy stuff mmm lovely has
arrived there's not much good coffee in
America but I feel like it's gonna be
good
we've finished our coffee I feel great
and we are now hitting two points for
lunch
I like the vibe here Santa Cruz is cool
quite busy weekend apparently but
good right yeah guys look it's a pretend
Tramp it's a bus dressed up as a tramp
she could be the next road trip vehicle
bro that's a very slow brother it makes
you think that you can do anything with
vehicles money we could just like we
could make an awesome like customs bus
we should get spoke and put wheels on it
yeah you know you can get one for that
duck towards there like amphibious buses
I'm feeling that that we pretty cool
we have found a cool place to eat
assembly this looks this it's swanky
Louie bro what's going on Dave I put my
finger in the hole and it wouldn't come
it's pretty dumb bro like God do you
want me to target you got it lunch has
arrived
check this out I'm going healthy I've
got sampling studies and beds give out
I think that's healthy is that healthy
day well there's help in this healthy
prayer it's not the Downloads is it I
mean us I think that's pretty healthy
it's pretty good got egg potatoes and
stuff let's test this out
guys just finished lunch random
coincidence yeah on everything Quinn
since I think this is important what's
just happened responses to these guys
for Greenpeace and you remember the
other day when me and Dave wrote the top
of the hill in San Fran of school the
bees and we talked about how important
bees are these guys have just songs
people of street about protecting beings
so they've just done a little interview
with them which I'll link below but you
can go and check out how you can support
be and how these together can help the
bees in the world so they've they've
done a little thing check out I want
that so bad I'm so into retro cars did
you just stop your tour now love I hate
stuff like though
sorry about plugging and eating guys I
just put chalk in my mouth but we're
about to go and investigate some
mountains nearby more they called Aptos
mountains to the Aptos mountains where
there's a little hippie communities
living midday me and Dave want to start
our own little community maybe you make
it sound like a culprit it's not only
like that it might not be the community
I don't know extremely tree houses and
stuff maybe we can like do some cool
stuff there with people but we're just
gonna investigate see we can find anyone
maybe break up maybe we'll just take a
little stroll around and not meet anyone
just have to check out the surroundings
but yeah should be fun
related to the trees we need to
basically trees on a boat we are these
are all the trees look at that tree
there bro look at that fat tree
oh yeah yeah
Oh
so they've just filled up the red dragon
and we just bump into some people who
told us about this hat where we can look
up what I haven't put my left thumb why
haven't I put my left thumb on the thing
so he downloaded a couple of apps to
help us look up property and we're
searching land around this area look we
can provide land with it we need more
trees this is just grass and stuff but
this is cool though
so we've driven up into the mountains
NIT outdoor we've gone check out this
little plot of land which apparently for
sale obviously there's gonna be no one
here but we thought we'd wander around
hey I think it's down here Oh Dave this
is cool I don't know whether yeah I
don't know where the boundaries were
landed my excuse Kang oh that someone
lives here or something that this is a
kind of clearing a 1:08 my trees well
should we go up
there's a cool tree Dave let's just be
tree huggers Dave can we get inside how
do we get in there bro I'm not skinny
enough for that we found this amazing
property it's got a little cabin it's in
the woods look at this he's already got
a cabin it's good area for us to build
our more cabins Dave what you saying
about this bro I'm trying not to get too
excited bro because we go go see it
first and see whether they are
yeah that's absolute offer Anson we be
fair have been just jumping up and down
we would just chop it up and living in
America right we should probably like
don't tell that to anyone going because
we're not supposed to be living it in
light we need to figure out visas and
stuff but you know I'm pretty sure we
can only land out in are we gonna see
you guys if we can make over this
property before it gets dark
check it out if not we're not to do it
tomorrow but we're too excited
that's just lovely
yeah
they are we in no Meah
are we actually like Dave they take all
my money where are we we saw this gate
saying no trespassing and stuff but I
don't think we're I don't think we're
trespassing we're just checking it out
no I don't think anyone's driven on this
road for a while it's like a riverbed
this is quite bad
well yeah guys this road is enough
getting job we've got no surprise this
is like on the edge of her this is how
you feeling Dave I'm feeling a bit
nervous because these rows I'm not sure
we can get back I feel like this wasn't
the correct way oh oh oh
Dave that doesn't look good bro we might
have to put some rocks in there but I
have to get three let's do a quick look
at this look at this what the hell let's
get these rocks in we need to get rocks
in here bro we need to feel that we do
let's just put where the tires need to
be we need to just put it where the
tires need okay yes Dave oh we need one
more here enemy I don't know Turner do
it Dave so I bit close huh I feel like
what needs to be some needs to be here
maybe I have no idea what we're doing
guys
training
yeah just yeah ah ah did it right ah so
a local resident was very startled by us
coming down that road apparently that is
not a road that anyone uses which is
clear he was like how did you get in I
was like we just like yeah we just got
through a gate and he was like didn't
know what gate we were talking about so
I don't know but we're we're continuing
on yeah this could be a long night Larry
yeah yeah the other road wasn't really
right Google Maps in situ yeah
yes straight
we are back in Santa Cruz pop-top and
we're heading to dinner and we found
this cool pizza place we're gonna go and
check out this is lovely
and also guys we've booked a hot tub
private hot tub at another place because
the hot tubs are only closed at our
hotel so we're going to go and have a
nice relaxing time in there after this
is a good day this looks good let's go
to meet autumn here we are guys
yeah spot so we're gonna jump in a hot
tub
how's that Dave was it was better than I
expected edge yeah really coming to but
this was beautiful
yeah then you just Google twenty like
late night hot sort of thing yeah that
can go wrong well it's been an exciting
day
definitely side about this land that me
and bear you've want to go and see on
forty didn't get a chance this evening
check it out I got dark and that guy got
angry and stuff so we are planning
tomorrow morning to head out to see it
properly but hopefully hopefully it's
the place it's the place of dreams for
three houses and cabins and stuff sweet
tomorrow my last day in states I'll fly
back to the UK yeah I'll catch in the
morning peace out enjoy life live the
Adventure Bay
