and you're watching boom good morning
guys
co-op bright and early today and we've
driven down to some forest nearby and
we're gonna go on a little hike but
before we do I'm hope you can get some
breakfast or coffee or something I got
up late so everyone was dirty and then
stuff oh I think this is our place
oh it had a coffee little bit breakfast
and we're ready to hike now look at
these guys
strawberries wild strawberries amazing
watch Game of Thrones have any yeah my
grandpa my grandpa used to grow these in
the garden yeah yeah no I would've eaten
those
guys look at the horses that tiny little
white pony as well we've just stumbled
across this really cute little house in
the middle of the forest it's like no
roads here or anything hey punky and
they lived there as well donkey
all right you know it mate this donkey
so chilled this is a donkey or is this a
mule Oh looks a bit skinny guys doesn't
me you don't know these guys have been
looked after
it's upsetting when you see animals or
people actually that are being looks
after and you feel a bit helpless
because you don't really have any power
to change of the thing in this
particular situations they can't really
help those donkeys this is how I speak
to the animals get a blade of grass and
you trap it in between your knuckles and
your thumb like that you put it tight
it's like a like it's like a reed and
then you blow it into it nice oh you're
supposed to do it you trap it like you
pull it so you see that gap there if you
did it should be trapped long ways
between
it's time to head up it's been an
amazing weekend with a story team and
unfortunately we've had a weekend full
of hospital visits because we are
Android developers had a bit of an
internal pain the whole week so he's
going to go hospital to check up and
then you just missed him I forgive you
shouldn't read him before yeah with him
was Thomas driving and he's from Serbia
Thomas from Croatia and such like a
proper international team you've been on
there atomos I serve a guy so he does
all the behind-the-scenes stuff to make
story run smoothly around here give us a
little intro
she's the bit one of the best designers
in the world you've probably seen like
people walking around in the background
on it's my bad I should have intro
people the first day really but I'm
doing an album the reason why story
looks so amazing is because they're
amazing skills and the iOS engineered on
another that's Michael over there
these guys are legends he's actually
he's actually better cyclist than he is
in
yeah to the files I can and then you
guys have met Daniel before his original
I he was the guy who recently got a
story
and even the name say and he came he
came up to me and their cat at VidCon
last year and yeah so and then you know
and Rachel we don't know about her I'm
leaving these guys now me Rachel were
heading to the airport returning the
rental car and all that so it's been an
amazing time thanks for inviting me to
the these two more people which I'm if I
don't mean sure yeah go and give me a
vine Yahoo was on the first day you
probably met he's also from Croatia also
he's doing like the website and the save
of stuff and then Simon my brother who
does all the support and who if you
tweet story that's you share too and
then they're also very important parts
of the team and Vinny who's are in this
and he would kill me if I don't mention
him any week Vinny's meeting the one
who's helped us bring us together right
at the beginning as well so yeah all
credit done and it's exciting being a
part of something collaborating working
on a big project together like I love it
and Louie because it without Lou you
wouldn't know that story so baby yeah he
was a sir on since the beginning oh yeah
it's been it's been good and it's been
an awesome brainstorming listening to
your guys ideas because that's what we
do a lot of you have helped shape what
stories become and what is going to
become it's really exciting guys and
we'll keep you updated have we got a
estimated release date for the Android
it should be art hopefully we're
planning on early July okay mid July no
it's the 1st of July now bro early kind
of like oh we gotta go we gotta hit list
of it
select go enjoy the rest of your time
bye they're the best guys look at this
magnet motors for black espresso Magnum
I'm looking forward to that coffee
flavored makers what guys this is
awesome do you ever see a magnet mr.
Bress I arrived back the rental car
company I'm gonna drop the keys off
boys we've been sitting in the departure
lounge for a while a couple of hours
maybe our flight got delayed what we
thought was one hour then turned it into
two hours and now we're not really sure
what's going on everyone's standing up
some reason we're tired and stuff and
this is just very long and there's no
charge my laptop
to change the flames
other
we've gotta like we've got like a little
table in between us we've got more
legroom and there's the curtain and
there's all the commoners either
Oh
two-thirty just go back to my parents
house and darcy it earlier cooked some
ratatouille each other self i just
thought i'd love before it finish eating
it nice little is i know this is a big
saving base tastier than any of the food
we had initially it's very good um so
i'm just quickie in this and then head
into bed and we've got a fun day planned
a london smiley richard we sure do the
funnest i don't know yep well my parents
had made me up they made in the
conservatory and right to a staying in
the room i usually stay in and it's
pretty nice in here it's the coolest
room in the house and the weather right
now is super hot I think today was the
hottest day of the year in the UK which
we missed and at the next few days
should be pretty warm as well we're
heading in for breakfast in London
Darcy's gonna join us and yeah I'll
catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life and let the
Adventure Bay
