hey I'm Julian
I'm from sunny Germany and you're
watching fun for Louie
enjoy ooh good morning guys I drove
through the night last night like three
and a half hours and then an for me to
go for a like six in the morning and
I've woken up the Hoover Dam near Las
Vegas so we're strolling up now can have
a look at it and then food feeling good
this bridge is ridiculously high we were
just trying to guess how many seconds it
take to hit the water we jumped we
wouldn't actually jump we're just
wondering
wait what state we're now we're not
Nevada
we have arrived in Vegas Vegas baby
so just found out guys I am booking a
flight out of Las Vegas today go meet
Dave from San Francisco so this is my
last day on the road trip this is my
last day guys cheers okay what we're
gonna do many more trips together this
is it the first of many yeah that's me
thank you
really I really didn't know we're trying
to get the RV
valeted and I think it's gonna work
did he say they wouldn't valet it we
have part of the RV and these guys have
decided to stay in this fancy hotel
tonight the Aria so we're going to go
and check in I'm hoping they have a hot
tub in the room that would be amazing
so I'm just helping these guys check in
in the hotel and then I just looked at
the time and I realized yeah I fly in an
hour guys I'm sorry I'm so sorry I have
to leave
it's been amazing it's been emotional we
left to reunite we'd have to reunite for
the east coast road trip okay Japan ten
days in Japan
all right good luck can you saw it I'll
see you around if you find anything of
mine in there in the RV just take it to
a house yet is that cool sweet and if I
find anything of yours my bag off I
don't think you're going to be cool yeah
just got dropped off heading in
well that very trip flew by them there
Oh exhausting a lot of fun I think it's
a good start for those guys a lot
lessons they learn about timing and
trying to squeeze too much in but I
still had a great time I got to know
them all pretty well looking forward to
our next trip together I don't know when
it'll be maybe September we'll do an
east coast road trip Oh
so off to San Francisco now hang out
with Dave I'm looking forward to that
rest up for a little bit the most random
thing happened guys just got to the gate
and and warned me that there might be a
delay in my flight maybe like an hour I
got there and there's a three-hour delay
which is crazy because we only put this
flight today so I was like that's a bit
better than not to say it was the
delayed flight when we booked it
so they kindly give me a refund for my
ticket I now have to hope there's
another airline flying to San Francisco
sooner so I'm just gonna walk and find
that out now well this is worked out
pretty well I walked straight to the
Virgin America desk and the flight
boarding now but it's too late for me
too no $250 for me to fight City on the
spot they say they're like booked a
ticket for the next flight so I could
beam $400 they'll just Transpo me onto
this flight they're very fine
because about the stuff in the flame no
delays welcome to San Francisco
if everyone safety please remain seated
with your seatbelt fastened until the
seatbelt sign is turned off like a night
to say with
that's a pretty painless flight arrived
in San Fran nice and early
all that hassle on the other side can I
sort yourself out
I'm glad now they're so easy
all right to catch an uber to go and see
Dave now it's my uber let's roll
I'm here with Dave Dave I'm so looking
forward to hanging out it's gonna be
sweet bro I wanna see your crib yeah
show me equip okay we'll go upstairs
first
okay so Dave lives in a barn yes that's
opposed firstly good leader to me so
when I got here there was nothing in
here and we've been putting it together
over the last few weeks
whoa yes and then this is where I've
been doing some filming and that's my
desk I mean look I got to show you it
does smell like a barn doesn't it it's
rustic no yeah I looked me up in the
dark that when others took one step off
ah luck sheesh and I had to jump onto
the step oh my gosh okay that's that
sick and then I want to show you oh yeah
and then I'll show you one more thing
okay let's go down there you don't want
to step on this right cuz it's a bit
like okay
dodgy okay next up in there thanks there
no step in there well then this this is
like a light fitting I'm making oh nice
and I've got some like those old
I'm on the Hat I've got some of the old
filament bulbs that's all gonna cook in
and we don't have to use these lights
anymore oh I like it I like it
let me come and let me show you my my
shower okay okay so when my friends
moved into here they hadn't even been
out the back of this barn and I found
these like washing machines and tumble
dryers are where I guess they was doing
stuff for the horses yeah and then I
went to the DIY store and bought a hose
Oh
and where we'll bought a hose yeah and
put it up to this tree is it hot water
hot water broke hot water tank yeah and
you just put the pallet down so I don't
get my feet muddy and you can just go an
outdoor shower every morning bro the
only thing is you have to watch out for
the cyclists oh I can spot you sometimes
they can spot you but you just keep it
yeah yeah
oh ho that's legit that's a legit shower
wait I'm going to eat tomorrow morning
I'm going to use this you get about you
get about three minutes of filler
yeah which is good because kind of
California's got a drought yeah so you
don't a sherry min exactly and it goes
straight back into the land anyway so
it's perfect nice first portal cool is
to get Dave a new car he was going to
get his classic coach I mean last week
but unfortunately all fell through some
numpties that did you over didn't Amy
right over me that's not cool
so don't need to pull some cash out and
we're gonna go get this other car and
then we've got wheels and potentially a
bed yeah oh nice me and Dave managed to
rinse up the ATMs we've got a thousand
dollars each out of our accounts which
is cool and these these pockets aren't
used to me get that money keep me that
money
whoa that is words of money and I just
think the guy that would buy in the car
off needs to get paid now this is good
lot easier look at that we could have a
money fight yeah sure no I can't even
back in the day whenever me and dad used
to get big stacks of money we used to
like throw each other
there is Dave's new car fellows fun day
thank you Dave Scott Lucas Troy
let's look under the bonnet or hood as
they say in America yeah Louie would
drive it to New York yeah let's show
yeah we can do that bro well let's go to
Santa Cruz this weekend that goes to New
York what's the verdict Dave it's pretty
chilled yeah I think he's our man also
that goes wrong he'll saw it out I think
that's the key there I think that's the
key I think this one's got good
character yeah more than good looks I
always have a look at this guy this is
my guy if I if I get a vehicle out here
I want a bigger guy if I can make a
little house in the back but this is
good you can have a toilet even have a
little house in there I could be part
business guy I could be part in the city
and part out on the beach here should I
start slamming them down and see if it
works
yo Dave right yeah you like the ride
pretty much with twins now nice yeah
this is pretty much the same car I'll
see you at Target okay
I need to follow Dave and we're gonna go
to Target get him a head unit for his
radio and we need to get me a sleeping
bag because it's gonna get chilly in his
in his stables
subs have dinner Chinese food
yeah this is little chow mein then we're
good
well me and David eat some Chinese food
I managed to get a few bits of a target
sleeping bag and everything now we're
rolling back to his his little bond
we're back in the barn I set up a little
workstation here getting some editing
done and then I'm gonna snuggle down for
the night it's pretty rustic in here oh
but I love it it's good that's good fun
I will catch you in the morning guys I'm
gonna be cute I'm gonna be like having
two children Xcover they's just cashing
out dave has some fun in San Fran yeah
I've seen the morning peace-out enjoy
life and live the adventure they
