hi this is Eric from Taylors Falls in
Minnesota and you were watching fun for
Louie boom good morning guys
I got about 1 hours sleep I don't know
why I was editing and stuff it's quite
early we're heading to the airport and I
thought you might still be asleep but I
don't really know
thanks for the lift mum excellently do
in a few days morning Rachel snapped all
right we're just getting a copy that
Jamie's coffee who's this guy is this
guy crazy who's that guy
you're welcome to throw 100 hours just
encouraging to have any as well growing
up
I'm feeling a little bit better feeling
a little bit more awake
guys the family of reunited found and
Nick and I Fred burners with us he came
from London and we just gonna have a
nice day hopefully a team day we having
a team day so we're just gonna go get a
rental car and head over to the find our
hotel and stuff beautiful weather here
has it been nice weather here in Italy
is it been nice weather I saw your
snapchats from yesterday or wherever it
was in that beautiful was it go through
yeah with all the nice colorful
buildings is that yesterday yeah looks
so good we have the rental car I think
this is good I think this is gonna work
now I just need to join the Italian
roads can be a bit sketchy humidity
turns out right now it's beautiful we
just be driving through these little
streets and the right dog hotel beloved
enough is it so what's that in an
Italian accent below gonna below below
gonna to pronounce the G how do you
feeling upset Bologna Bologna sorry I'm
working what Italian and stuff Thanks
we've arrived in our room is this where
I'm staying
ok cool ok
mind your head when you go oh yeah Oh
liquid or this key this is keep oh my
gosh this is oh my guys dreams become
true this is like this I caught I'm
speechless this is like the most
picturesque place I've ever stayed and
there's a hot tub I don't know what I'm
more excited about
can we talk about the fact that we're in
Verona where Romeo and Juliet is said
yeah
do you want to do do a little good two
households both alike in dignity in fair
Verona where we lay our scene from
ancient Grudge break to new mutiny where
civil blood makes civil hands unclean
literally stroll down the road from our
hotel and found nearest restaurant but
they're all quite hungry
Ramesh this is I think this is some kind
of Colosseum over here I'll find out
what it is later I heard that there's an
opera happening here tonight and also
I've this has caught my eye growing a
jazz I want to find out about that piece
it has arrived
can I take such a sum your cheese what
if I said in there Thanks hey I'm really
sorry
oh yeah you are gonna and we found
somebody in the streets of Verona it is
fun day in a while I think I've started
in Dubai in Dubai with me a man three
months ago yeah no I know and what I
watched it on YouTube
I'm sure we all did um a little fast the
injury that I know Louie is because of
one day you're welcome yeah yeah Louie
enrichment and bondo and I met well
that's a secret
okay well I'm having business meetings
that we are walking the streets of
Verona so you've got a sorry sorry not
sorry
yeah this is where we're staying this
Louie's bedroom we've got other rooms do
my joke thanks I was emphasizing
clarifying yeah all right actually start
again Oh seasons where I shouldn't be
able to do this where in the search for
a beer
other beverages are available Tina
Louise sweet where he's thinking yeah
bad the first time we did this when our
good vloggers but we're trying hey we
have to choose who we do the thing yeah
oh gosh that was terrible
last time I was in Italy with Louie and
for his birthday this Hollywood's best
kept secret yeah for his birthday we
drove his fan from London to Istanbul
and it on the way back we broke down a
new Greece and then spent a day in
Venice that was yeah five years ago and
now I'm back in Venice for work and they
just gonna but let's just go yourself to
more cocktails yeah sorry about that
I know which ones drink there
yeah look at this my hero
this guy funny thing about Italy is the
golden arches are actually gold they
genuinely are gold its Donald MacDonald
looks like in Verona on this he say
who's gonna run to it and now he's like
pensively she'll go
I mean study would
I was just telling Rachel a really
interesting fact about Shakespeare
believe it or not Romeo and Juliet was
actually based on a Broadway musical
called West Side Story not a lot of
people know that she definitely didn't
know that was a little bit awkward
because she's a English literature
teacher was formerly oh there's a big
Egyptian guy here as well I bet if you
could see oh you see the big face yeah
okay no why just there
this is mr. send your new in 1820
invented this guy yeah this guy I'm not
sure this is nice she's really into beta
she was asking for a nutritious doughy
dinner and then that's where things that
came from but also they had very didn't
wash their hands so that's why I have a
crust so originally wood workers boys
use the crust all the pizza and then
they wouldn't actually eat the crust cuz
they had dirty hands because back in the
day so quiz quite nice to come by
I'm not you're nothing of is actually
Sunday you're gonna make a great dad one
day oh you can do that cuz I don't know
how much - well guys I haven't seen you
in a few hours so I left you in the
trusted hands of Steven great job I've
yeah even chatting all evening trying to
make plans but you know it was an
important important conversations but
it's it's nighttime now and I'm sorry
zone he's gonna get the hot tub because
we have a hot seller hadn't even been in
it yet no I don't like this good night I
just want to share you know and bisca
likes the parties it's not hot that
party it's just a party for one is that
jetson stuff I know I'm just gonna
cheralathan tango I feel like I've been
talking about this for like the whole
week and we finally did it well I'm out
of the hot tub and it's 3:00 in the
morning
it's been a bit of a bizarre day for you
guys to be fair I haven't I don't even
know what Rach and bond I go up to
earlier but hopefully they kept you
entertained I hope you guys are having
fun whatever you were doing
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
