good morning guys
my boys oh sorry load it's just about
half past nine
I think we're in or oh good I slept very
well
oh I'm so dead last night but we have
stopped to fuel up and JC one of the
other guys has been driving all night
and I'm ready to get some breakfast
it looks like we're in a place called
Wolf Creek
but wall Creek Corral and deli and then
have you seen that movie Wolf Creek it's
based in Australia that's crazy
hope it's not like that looks like I
have a breakfast burrito and I'm getting
ready for some laptop Club
yeah laptop we do this every time we
leave the door open
right we've stopped off for a little
break
that looks will it break I don't know
where we are guys with this is beautiful
round there
is everyone in
don't thing we're making good time just
stop for another fuel chop up your gauge
still driving how's it going you
enjoying the drive everyone's been
sleeping just woken us right I'll enjoy
see okay hey there man
we're like an hour south of Portland so
Anthony recently had a skiing accident
where he tries hard open so she's been
dressing everyday needs to be careful
skiing man
that's awesome yeah
that's where deals
so I think a bunch of people have been
weighing here like since 10:00 a.m. it's
now like 3:00 or something we're quite
bad at sizing so this is an epic
location
absolutel us what's going on
stomping boots no way maybe poop or the
beasts are who bought the beats up
legend legend thank you so much guys
this is Ariana she has a YouTube channel
this is a YouTube channel name here you
should go and check it out I'm gonna go
check it out when I get back to the bus
but yeah supporting small youtubers go
for it CAI is kind of giving me this
little bracelet
also thank you you're welcome
these girls are attacking everyone
you
I can show things my gosh do it with the
light
you
I'm so excited these girls for a small
pizza thank you this is exactly what we
need are you loving the piece of boys
you
you
we found a new love in the trip ready
let it go
guys don't worry I didn't hurt the
seagull he was just a little bit angry
at me but he's chilled now he's like
flying around with his friends and stuff
it's finally my time to drive guys I'm
going to hopefully drive this all the
way to Seattle
bye look at these girls over the crystal
wing mirror hair weave lipstick it's a
little reminder before we head off we
are going to get one last photo with us
sitting on top of the RV with that at
the background so get the right angle
 you
what a view boy we need to be careful
this electrical cable road I think it
could kill you
maybe I don't know like that I'm pretty
sure that's electric we can't no one can
touch that
I think that's the killer killer yes
careless I know just guys be careful of
this cape we're saying goodbye goodbye
goodbye honestly there's so many girl I
came I guess it's standards this is our
first stop tanto definitely amazing
fight I've done we are actually getting
on the road now guys we just got stopped
by the police Joe this doubt and he's
stopping traffic to let us out so better
I better Drive
oh I stopped us to see we get D photos
in gold an hour before the Sun
completely set pretty later - I ate 30
something so I like happy about I like
your top stately will sit up some me
mask
guys we made it all the way to Seattle
is like four hours drive it's fun it's a
nice little drive and we've now come to
this place called dicks Troy 3 and it's
very popular to help
a few of you recommended we should stop
here so so we have faces face up wiper
luckily you've been beauty tip your
safety I may be repeating what the burg
is a $2.00 90 days just had a great plan
we should eat on top of the until they
come and go JJ so don't think we have
enough cameras yeah okay okay yeah we've
got enough for good enough okay JC's
gonna jam with this guy what was your
name again
Eric Eric Eric's gonna do a little tune
JC
I don't know anything this is turned
into a little party on the street this
is cool what a mess call again on the
road seven days in a row anyway I'll
tell you what I wanted
seven days road you're rollin up see on
11 - winning awful places like Salt Lake
City after waggle well it's half 1:00 in
the morning and I've cambered up into
the top bunk and the RV is still parked
outside this burger joint and there's
still tons of people outside but I I
can't push through my sleep my my sleep
my jet lag anymore I am very tired
these boys have all gone out to party
and okay I need to sleep
so I'll catch you tomorrow I'm hopefully
I'm going to wake up and Vancouver
that's the plan
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
