right now I'm standing outside and this
is my view every morning when I wake up
it's very gorgeous it's very cold but at
least you're watching father Louie so
enjoy
boom good afternoon guys I've had a
chill day I actually slept most the
morning or the morning and now me and
Dorothy are heading down till you get
coffee in the town and it's a lovely day
and then the plan is we're heading up to
London and we're having a big family
meal for Father's Day with Hilary and
Adam and my parents it's gonna be great
we've grabbed off Starbucks and the
little tasty sandwich and we've wandered
down to the river mall in Cabo I mean I
kill picnic by the river don't really
see the riverbed behind those reeds it's
the glorious day
and out walking back to the house have
nice little catch up and also I bumped
into an old primary school friend I
haven't seen in absolutely years and it
was so nice having a little catch up
with him and his new wife and then I
bumped into another friend so doesn't
happen that often but I guess walking
through the town you grew up in you have
a bit of a blast from the past and come
from 200 people and I'm friends so it's
nice really nice
all right off to London for a family
meal
we've arrived in broccoli and we're
going out for a little drink and snack
with Hilary and Adam how you guys doing
we're now heading to dinner I've had to
lie in the beat luckily we're not going
far
Darcy was just reminded me of the time I
had to get the beat my Disneyland trip
last yeah did you remember
hello Jerry he found some sure he's dead
not very bright but this one these
documents are very bright ones all right
they're not your American around all
these is Harry's the law poisonous
berries will be enjoy about some profits
not terrible fairies
sherry guys this is my kind of vehicle
ID I would get this I think I'd like one
of those
no sports cards just cool bands Hilary
tell us about this restaurant
awesome
one days to do
yeah
we have our food served we went for
kebabs I got a chicken and lamb spicy
kebabs and we got an aubergine over here
all that looks delicious awesome meal
good choice Hill
those are austin candles those are
awesome candles back in the boot well we
dropped Hillary and Adam back in their
house drove all the way back through
London and I've now been dropped off and
my friend and these house the guys I do
the boat rides with and he's gone away
so he's allowing me to house-sit because
rachel is arriving in London tomorrow
she's flown in from Australia but I'll
tell you more about why she's coming to
my the reason it's very noisy even
though it's like 3:00 in the morning is
because I had a bunch of clothes on ease
of washing so I'm using their washing
machine I've got two two loads today I
am always traveling so I never get
around to washing stuff as those finally
and getting all sorted it's nice but
yeah it's been a very very relaxed day
and just nice to be spending at my
family cuz that always gets them talking
about family I wanted to show you now
that Darcy's finished her exams
she's started a YouTube channel again so
she's them uploaded a video as a fresh
start
so I've loved if you guys went to show
us some support and she's wanting to
focus on music things more and yeah it's
cool it's cool to do fresh starts with
Bing so I think that's what she's doing
and I'm really proud about and I'm
looking forward to now that she's
escaped is the grips of the schooling
system and the depression that can bring
and I'm sure a lot of you feel feel that
and I'm sympathetic because I finished
that long time ago
but now there's a horizon of endless
possibilities in life and escape a
system but it's also helpful as well
obviously to you have some I guess
grounding the things anyway it's good
it's good and it's gonna be an exciting
summer for the whole family I think I'm
going to try and spend a bit more time
in the UK in August and September you
know it's the best kind of weather
around that way I only have some sleep
now
and tomorrow
Brian early break to us gonna come will
wake me up she's landing
jeepers o'clock in the morning and I
think we're gonna go and head into
London and potentially gonna meet up
with Jamie Oliver and the team he's
invited me in to the office the other
night when I was at his party oh yeah oh
by the way before I go sorry about the
flog yesterday and some use that don't
know I had to reapplied it because
secret cinema which is where I went they
emailed me and tweeted me and said
you've got to take the video down you
revealed way too much of the event
because the whole thing's supposed to be
secret and I know I was being really
cheeky and I wasn't supposed to film
things but I because I love those guys
and I think what they're doing is
amazing I was like you know what
so they're hassle but I will I was
knowing and I will cut out the stuff
they don't want in there so I have to re
upload so some of you like why did you
rate up like anyway it's also it now
cool I'm gonna go to sleep and I'll
catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
