hi I'm Morgan I'm 15 years old and I'm
from school
you're watching enjoy
good morning guys we're about to head
out for breakfast but I just shut the
door behind us in there Nick and Ange
Bryce realized they didn't have their
house keys all their car keys on them
and the doors just locked itself so we
are we're kind of stuck and houses
aren't easy to break into South Africa
because they will have like metal bars
and stuff we've wondered down the road
because luckily Nick's brother has a
spare set of keys time for breakfast
oh this is cool
cheers Cheers
coffee with the gang the team breakfast
has arrived turns out it's not really
breakfast it's actually lunch because we
were too late but I'm not complaining
because this is like one of the best
curries ever this has been a day of
Curry's a couple of days of Curry's
we're back at the house guys and this
squirrel has returned come check this
out I slay the squirrels come in the
house
me and ang are skyping Rachel right now
and we've got some exciting plans coming
up great - joining me for some of the
summer holidays aren't you H yes so
she's coming over to London we're gonna
hang out London then we maybe gonna go
to Italy to hang out and I can ang and
then we're all going to America it's
going to be like the funnest time ever
yeah yeah high five very short visit
guys we're heading to the airport now
probably the shortest visit I've had to
pick in Cape Town
come on it's nice to see you guys I'll
see you in like three weeks time thanks
for paying surfing thanks to having me
at your house ah right time to time to
go on another long flight around the
world
guys a bit of an emergency situation I
went to get my boarding pass and they
said I don't have a valid esta which is
the digital reason you need to enter the
states and because I given you my
passport and a while ago I hadn't
reapplied for a esta so they're not
going to let me on the flight and
they're closing like five minutes so I'm
quickly trying to apply for one I
hopefully can get it done in time
whoa feeling the pressure usually I
supposed to apply like a few weeks
before traveling hopefully it's like an
instant thing
this websites the pages to load
come on my flight actually leaves in
like 40 minutes and having got through
the security
I think I've done it guys authorization
approved I think I can get into America
so I better run to the gate now hope
it's not too late
yeah emirates always let me take you
back
yes
guys just only just made it never like
no you can't get really the flights
close and then this way to Dubai I'm
late this is the places I've been for
missing a flight I was just begging the
women I say please let me through which
is my night that's like closed I told
you in taking the flight there's nothing
I can do as I please
can I speak to your manager or something
and they eventually give you a boarding
pass and let me in
is there like boarding
you don't understand how ridiculous that
was basically go to the debt they're
like yeah you haven't gone Esther we can
get a religious your boarding pass and
they were like and the flights closing
now or like we're actually closing the
fly so I'm called Nate wait a couple
minutes go on home
on the Esther page and it's like some
long form then you just know the name of
who I'm staying with it needed to know
like my parents names is like a
three-page form suitable in as quick as
possible like peleg II got it done and
then it's it came to stroke through
straight away saying authorization
approved ran back to the desk and they
were like knives too late like it's
closed we can't do anything and I was
like please and they're like nope
nothing we can do
you've missed the fly and I was like
it's nice that it's already boarding and
like literally like what systems won't
let us check you in and I was like I'm
already checked in and they're like no
we can't issue a boarding pass all right
like literally nothing and I said please
from the future manager and then their
managers like let me make a phone call
it was on the plane for over here and
then they were like oh yeah you can't
have too bad hand luggage seven
kilograms seven kilograms and back to
them so you definitely wanna go because
we need to check in the bag I was like I
take these bags on Everest all the time
and they're like no blah blah blah just
be really unhelpful and then and then
eventually the manager was just like let
me see your passport and then literally
just handed me the boarding pass so I
had to run through security thank you
post right to use that well guys it's
just gone 4:00 in the morning and I've
just Leonard in Dubai and it's 36
degrees there apparently which is quite
a temperature change from South Africa
and I haven't finished my vlog yet
because I just thought you know still
awake haven't slept yet so I'd do this
little leg and then I'll probably wrap
stuff up in a bit before I get on my
next flight which I found out it's a
16-hour flight to LA so I've just done a
almost a 10-hour flight and then I've
got a 16-hour flight in about three
hours
I'm gonna try and upload a vlog listen
here if I can find Wi-Fi and maybe get
some breakfast isn't Li
so I'm chilling at the gate three and a
half hours before my flight about good
news I have managed to find Internet
that's pretty fast so I'm uploading my
vlog I managed to edit on the flight I
think it's saying yeah okay eight point
seven Meg upload oh right what do I spy
over here massage yes I'm so excited I'm
getting on alright they just get my
chair prepped up a bigger forty minute
neck and back massage super excited
well I feed in this methylated like an
hour and a half got back in the neck
that's large and then got a foot massage
I still haven't left my flights boarding
in a little bit so I'm gonna sign out
here guys and catch you tomorrow but
actually I'm pretty much gonna roll on
from the Hicks log it's not my flight
peace doubt enjoy life and live the
adventure
