hi guys my name is Lia I am from Germany
currency as you darling our waterfall in
Austria and you are watching fun for
Louise whoo good morning guys we are
leaving Santa Cruz and on our way back
up to San Francisco we are stopping by
this this land that we spot yesterday
with these cabins on them because
amazingly the estate agent is doing a
viewing today Sunday so I feel like it's
meant to be it's meant to be in it one
step at a time bro
one step I try not to get excited but I
am really really so we just met the
estate agent guys and we are following
her and some other potential buyers down
this gravel track tried find property
we've been given this this hand-drawn
map which is hilarious and show us where
we are what the property looks like
Wow is that one of the cabins is that I
think that's one of the cabins cabin
no no no I know the goods burly that's
the shed so all of this is from one tray
this hotel all of this yeah this you can
tell by the dimension the other part of
the tree is silver it was a rough kind
of yeah so it's a lot thicker and it's a
full two inches by six inches instead of
one Wow they know that you're dimension
and then they probably ran it through a
planer there's a sleeping platform on
one of these taller redwoods okay will
we find it yeah it's about 40 feet up
and then to it in a line yes yeah the
Kerner tree likes to go up there and
sleep there's about an 8 by 8 platform
up there
oh sure you see everything everything
amazing
what you said David see that fat for
myself and I'm a missus this is great
stuff this is that Carroll crazy one see
cousin trees it's good it's got a
printer what I was not expecting that
right really amazing power sockets this
is where the laptop and a row toilet of
the day the throne compost toilet
compost toilet you take steps up to the
bog and then you get to look out of the
view Oh Mabel hazing what if you found
great like there's no one next a little
shower so they just and beaten up and
added it looks pretty cool I actually
like this cabinet that I like this one
oh this is cool this one's a jam Kevin
yeah oh really it's yeah oh man it's
good to go
oh look exactly what they used it for
bro JC JC maybe we will just need to do
a big collaborative deal there's nothing
perfectly
this is a no one little garden in here
check this out
I don't think it's been looked after for
a while but if you grow through veg and
chickens and stuff in here
and apparently we get goats we can um
you know look after all the weeds and
stuff this entire thing is poison up ha
yep probably best to stay there okay cuz
I'm wearing long pants and you do this
okay I'm minimally um allergic to it so
we've got a pretty good patch of Oakland
where is it
Tokyo it's anything with leaves of three
okay leaves of three let it be don't
touch it wow that's epic
do many people ran it build three houses
like you know more attached to the trees
like elevated um some people you don't
see a lot of them it is bread yes Bravo
- is sick isn't it solar panel this is
the thumbs up any box this is the pump
for the wood stem comes up in a punch
and that's it
this is the well down here huh hope you
found bro in the clouds no way that is
the highest freaking oh my gosh she goes
you go ah no nah that's too much prayer
I need like a clip and a helmet and some
steps I'm that's quite that's that's on
my limit
you're saying you're not even
entertaining people that want to build a
convention i I don't I don't think that
that's really I mean it's going to be an
off-grid property yeah I felt like
that's what you're saying to me on the
phone like if you want to buy a house
this is not the place you want to build
a house not the place to do it this is a
place for I think kind of what we're
talking about which is be here for a
week or two with some guys fit for this
property yeah and then go do your thing
and come back and you know realistically
because we're kind of foreigners right
we that's why you're foreigners yeah
yeah true yeah but but what I mean is we
need we would need help if we did this
all we want is a hot tub that's how I
happen and then we can invite them to
come and hang with the hot tub yeah
absolutely
well pulley for the labor plunge as well
our neighbor has a helipad that's
amazing
that's really important yeah there's a
woman bus they don't remember any of
this crap
right when you got yesterday me right
now like do I want to live there next
week and try and work from there might
be a bit lonely on my own guys check out
the view oh that is unreal
how beautiful is this day so good
boiling hot as well it's incredible
views kind of gutted that this place is
so file format because it's like more
like a once-in-a-lifetime place to go
rather than somewhere to live
I wish is I wish it was a bit easier
well me and Dave are still talking over
the practicalities of buying land with
rethinking this this is too remote
unfortunately but we're continuing
discussion diverse and lunch I got a
spicy burger they've got a pizza over
there that's kind of small and yeah
we're just searching other places
because I'm leaving today but we might
be that like after VidCon I can come
back we can have a little huddle around
so we're back at the barn and dave has
gone for a little nap because he's been
driving the whole time all the way up
and down those little canyons and bumpy
roads and you know we've been talking a
lot as well we've just been realizing
that even talking and planning and
thinking is tiring so anyway he's gone
for a little nap I've got plenty of time
to nap on my flight later so I thought
I'd come for a little stroll because
this place is beautiful and and I
thought as well was I'm here I am I got
sent a phone the other day the LG g4
which is apparently where it boasts to
be as good as a DSLR in some of its
camera functions so I'm going to give
you a little test because often carrying
around chunkier cameras is a hassle
especially with the amount unlike
traveling around stuffs I'm always
thinking you know the ideal is when the
technology gets good enough for cameras
you know to be a similar quality on your
phone and haven't quite found that yet
so I'm I'm open for trying stuff so I'm
going to cut to the g4 footage now and
give it a little test
the guys remember the other day when we
picked up babe on the road tripping and
when it San Francisco and we saw those
horses
well I've wondered back down to where
those thoughts were and I want to come
and say hello again it's baby horse
looks a small hello that my son what's
that face for
whoa
for who
I've decided to stop tormenting the
horses and I want to scroll around this
area of it looks is so beautiful I think
despite the disappointment of this
morning and not that land not being
ideal I definitely want to find some
woodland to buy Dave in the California
area I like in the San Fran
I think we're gonna do
so what'd you guys think of the quality
I'm pretty impressed mainly with the 1.8
aperture which means I'm in focus and
behind these blurry but you only really
get with dslr's like good lenses not
really with phones also I was messing
around with the 4k footage which i think
is pretty awesome to have on a phone
which is fit to my pocket only like a
year or two ago you had to have a big
camera and then they got them down to
like DSLR size shooting 4k and now on a
phone this is nuts
ah than I I'm so tempted it's good to
have cameras but yeah technology's
advancing quick the size of the screen
as well on the phone so nice to shoot on
because even with the small pocket
cameras this screens on as big as phones
do not mean and then you're like
reviewing footage isn't as easy and then
often honestly this happens I often get
home to my computer and it goes full
screen and I'm like I know it's like
dust on the lens I just don't notice
when you're you're holding a smaller
screen with a pocket camera so all in
all I'm very impressed all right let's
go and wake up Dave I think you said
long enough from happen
wakey-wakey
we've just come to this lookout point
we're going to film a video today's
channel which I'll tell you all about in
a minute but this is pretty epic look we
just climbing up this tree we're going
to try and do it here sit in the tree in
them have a look chats camera so we
finished our video I just filmed with
Dave guys you need to go and watch this
video it's very important we wanted to
do a standalone video we could have
shared it all in this vlog but we want
to share this video around as a
standalone video so we're gonna put up
Dave's channel but in a nutshell what we
want to do is help people that have
incredible ideas world-changing ideas
help them get those ideas out there
because why not understand that platform
I've got and the networks Dave Scott can
change things better better but we don't
necessarily have those ideas so go and
watch this video I'm gonna link it here
please go watch it and share it around
okay it's very important yeah you need
to do this okay you know someone you
know so wants to change the world and
has a great idea you need to do a bit
thinking behind that because it could be
awesome see a pineapple head haha peace
out
so I'm heading back to London I'm gonna
get some sleep though I will catch you
guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
