hi I'm Mike from Austria Europe planet
Earth and you're watching fun for Louie
blue afternoon guys I am not feeling
great today
I actually got super dehydrated last
night when I went to bed because I was
not drinking enough yesterday so there
be a lesson for you guys as well make
sure you drink enough I was like on the
verge of vomiting barely slept so I've
been super chilled resting this morning
and this is a great place to rest by the
way beautiful little lodge I was staying
at JD's friends and I am now walking
over to meet JP he's going for a little
flight this afternoon and because
there's a lot of them just an open free
area to fly around so I'm going to try
and get some shots of him flying past
because we haven't got any shots of the
plane yet from from the ground JP is
just warming up the plane's engine and
I'm just getting our GoPros ready as
usual so some of you have asked me well
I've got three GoPros or which GoPros
I'm using oh I'm out of breath as ice
and chase the plane this is my GoPro 3
which I got a few years ago still pretty
good upgrade to the 3 plus like a year
ago maybe year and a half or whatever it
was and then my latest purchase - GoPro
4 so I got I've just been collecting
them as they've been coming out and
they're they work perfectly together so
we've had this one on the bottom of the
plane this one in the cockpit and this
one in the wing and we've been using
filming 4k so will be night punching in
to mirror shots of the cockpit as well
and then I've got my
Oh Samsung nx-1 I'm shooting some stuff
as well it's gonna be a beautiful flight
I am so unfit all I did was a little
joke
after the plane period
shaking out soldier
let's get this girl
can you guys see me and hear me I'm
freaking up so alright I got the live
tank selected two pubs on battery on
Buster's magneto on radios on controls
are full and free let's set for takeoff
Trump is being set for takeoff and
Trevor set to take off engines are with
all parameters and we are good to go
brakes on all righty here we go
we got good audio going so I think we're
good to go
and with LOUIE LOUIE LOUIE where are you
is really cool but when you're up here
he's pretty difficult to see oh we got
some papers here look at that how pretty
okay where's Louie I can't find Louie
there we go
oh yeah guys if you get a make parents
list I mean it's just the best kind of
fun there's a certain amount of
responsibility involved and the flying
that I'm doing is that I'm doing it with
the limits I do have quite a bit of
experience flying in this way so I'm not
used to this which is very important and
I'm not doing it all with the parameters
we are in the middle of nowhere there's
no real obstacles out here so we're good
all right there we go Louie
this is really tricky shooting this
plane guys because he's like miles away
got my big zoom lens on then he comes to
lands it's like whoa and he flies up
again my GoPro I'm going to try and film
stuff the GoPro down here but ran out of
space in the card
I'm just not organized today
a lot of people asking why apply paper
and the main reason is I like big paper
but while there is a certain safety
aspect involved applying bay but it is
also has its pluses I mean I can feel
the rudder pedals quite well and I have
a fear with more control than I do with
shoes so obviously it's just a
preference it's not illegal in any way
you
ice little fly rifle Louie alrighty
you
yoyoyo up step put that in Louie that's
my childish side don't people to see
that I'm a serious kind of guy you know
I'm all about being serious
not that oh no Jay P so much I want to
fly a plane guys only got my pilot's
license whenever I got a discipline
Oh yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Ezra surround
wait seriously rough how was that JP
probably the best fun I've ever had
yeah it looked like you're having the
time of your life man really good it was
all safe obviously yeah we were out and
look here and stuff
is it nice without that all the bags and
the best designers well you could
probably see I got into this so quickly
crazy so ya know that was probably the
best one I've ever had and I mean I
tried my best to get some good shots so
hopefully they came out well yeah it's
getting a little time lapse now the
plane zazzy that I love sadly
the Sun is set I now sit on the wing and
until you get a taxi back that list and
this bar back that's good now I do not
really get chopped I'll buy this
propeller blade okay
you
yeah
oh that was incredible
my nation we go flying I'm gonna sit
here and you can chill in the cockpit
you think you can do that if I have a
really hard yeah if you had superhuman
strength I think look how beautiful this
place is guys and our room is right here
overlooking the whole thing very good
back to some editing little bit behind
my blogs
don't you worry guys I'll get there I
want to give you a little tour of this
place before it gets dark
you need to come and check this out this
is Sophie so this is where we had dinner
last night and this is also if you look
this some of that rock formation that um
that was talking about yesterday is like
super unique rock formation that's just
in this area kiss out guys swimming pool
out here that is awesome so we've been
editing for a little bit we're now
pausing laptop club because it's dinner
time
starting with a bit of sleep mm-hmm oh
wow boys this is dinner now don't freak
out but this is zebra steak now that's
quite common in Africa and Debra's on
endangered or anything so we're gonna
hear we're going to tuck in do in a lot
of zebra yep yes by eating beef earlier
it's good awesome awesome
oh I'm looking for two that those good
Deborah well dinner was delicious guys
yeah amazing I honestly love zebra meat
I think you guys should try if you
haven't me and JP are gonna go and set
up some start I'm officers now and my
camera also got a little battery lot to
see if I can get a few more hours of
them footage for you I'm going to try
and get a star lapse in front of the
plane so I can see okay we're going to
try not get my heels fire both legs yeah
apparently skip snakes and scorpions out
here you can barely see the plane it's
pitch black
then check this out this is a long
exposure photograph 30 seconds and I'm
going to do long time lapse JP setting
up little star lapse in front of this
tree I don't even see this tree here as
well I've also set up a third one I've
got a swimming pool so should be quite a
treat you guys are in for please check
this out that's JB's tree shot that's
the money shot right there
you
well hopefully that look pretty awesome
me and JP are loving playing around with
the star time-lapses hopefully we'll get
to do a few more we're getting some
sleep up early for a morning flight and
we are heading to a safari park to see
some big animals hopefully some rhinos
elephants that I will see hippos I'll
catch you in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
