hey guys uh Robbie I'm kidding
and we defend sorry at you for watching
fun today babe good morning guys
we are um mr. letter house we're just
chillin we're getting ready to head off
no light JP's having another goat
getting this audio cable working
soldiering miss we took the capacitor
out we don't then we need it any
soldiering the wires but together
hopefully this will work
breakfast is served all this amazing
eggs bacon and then what faced
we are back at a hang up first thing we
need to do is check that audio is
working
JD's soldiering work my kind of hit
anything on me that's where that that it
is always up because this plugs in dad
is big I can oh this is going to that I
can't do this working just havin a
little check of the engine suite some
pigeons just flew into the hangar and
apparently made his mark on him beside
that you're taking my dignity decides
it's a crap enjoy hey what are you doing
he knows he knows what he did wait
aiming is good
that's hilarious it's time it's time to
get back in the plane
all right
okay haha see you later thanks
can you hear me check-check
yeah alright we're gonna and we're gonna
have a little go yeah okay obviously I'm
store pilot-in-command so at any point
if I do say I have control
yeah then I have control okay gonna have
a little go guys
right one-handed just catch it bitch
it's all really really sensitive so you
can start banking a little bit to the
right just pulling the nose slightly
what's that point that eyes down no no
bullying then are not damaged another
one close okay so I'm just gonna get it
back up back here okay all right so your
job is simply just to keep the nose
pointing that way pretty much we can do
a bit of turning okay Helen just making
sure we don't decent so you get turn a
little bit to the right right all right
it's not there set to the stick Center
be pointing that way again no way
so you see how sensitive it is snow
since the bubbling all over the place so
when you turn you turn at all point and
then he acceptors stick okay and to
prevent from you know overturning so now
you're in a bank and the aircraft's just
gonna keep hurting they can I just keep
going to host you wanna do yeah Daisy so
I just pull a little bit in the third
when you're turning your lip kobish
wrong the lift vector changes direction
CD to counteract fall down with a bit of
back pressure but you're doing really
good right now we're maintaining a
particular return and you're not losing
any altitude you're doing really good
thanks though
right so push the nose out a little bit
yeah alright but that much let's get an
hour we're back on track
going to our destinations and then if
you let me have control quickly yeah
you'll feel geez yeah and I feel those
G's and that's nothing that's about oh
maybe watching my face feels a little
heavy like it's like it sucks
ah I asked to Noah they're making it
brittle it up a bit
now that dear better- cheese
pretty-pretty punky feeling right that's
amazing
Wow very crazy so you can see how
difficult it is actually to fly straight
level yeah get a fly all over the place
is easy my straight level is takes a bit
of skill so you can grab the stick a bit
more like that if you want to you that
makes you feel more comfortable we're
not really doing any official flying
instructions so the amount of control
I'm giving you is very limited yeah once
you start working with pedals and
throttle and flaps and also you know
they could be a retractable landing gear
and flaps spoilers and stuff like that
it really becomes very complicated this
definitely makes you wanna have a flying
lesson like actually good thought what
it's drawing here in New Zealand we can
totally do it officially you know it's
just out here I'll be cool that oh oh oh
okay we don't tip I live altitude oh
it's because about intercept just pop
off stop turning so you got a ground
you're at okay
oh yeah that's a bit steeper as the
noise is X level yeah you're are not
losing too much altitude and I tried
banking to the other side yeah you can
search over
pushing the nose down a little bit while
you do it yeah down and then while
you're going this way you pull again
okay if you just yes so stop turning yep
there you go I just go we're yeah you're
exceeding the speed quite a bit which is
oke a little speed range anyway that was
really good great well not pilot worthy
better getting there yeah good fit
somebody just have to fly
what's the name of this massive mountain
here so the mountain there we just
passed by as learners are put on bear
it's the highest mountain in namibia and
any shirts the third highest mountain
africa and what's very unique about is
it's completely round from the top you
know it's completely round
it's about 9,000 feet high
I'm not entirely sure from sea level
it's quite historical in terms of its
Bushmen paintings that it's got its own
little ecosystem in it which is pretty
cool we literally below us we just flew
over the river which is known for a
unique breed of elephants the desert so
you have a fiber published by elephants
out here
so this elephants probably like really
really love these rivers because there's
lots of trees over there and they're
specially adapted there there they could
seem a lot less water than the normal
northern African elephant wouldn't
babe look have you found the runway I'm
good London bro
Thanks so grabbing our bags and someone
has come to collect us take us to the
lodge apparently they've been waiting a
while so we're trying to be quick happy
to be alive man oh yeah I was I was
nervous when we couldn't find the runway
yeah that was an interesting maybe sweet
sylia go to it
toilets okay laughter never know why
we're literally about probably 200
kilometers from any length and you have
a running toilet
that is ridiculous I was not expecting I
thought were just gonna be a hole in the
ground that's pretty sick right well
that it's cool man
we have stopped off just to shoot a
little time lapse of the sunset and me
and jay-z were both saying we're so
happy like this vibe this environment
then and I don't understand how you
could be miserable in this it's just
pure happiness right now it's great in
it it makes me really content really
does coming drink we've arrived at this
Lodge oh this is awesome
hello our room is awesome guys
absolutely awesome and we've now walked
back up to the main lodge area get a get
some dinner I'm ready for dinner
look at this for being out in some Lodge
in the middle of the desert this is
pretty awesome
just take potatoes veg we have done with
dinner
it's delicious and now heading back to
our little tent I'm going to set up my
camera and try and get time-lapse of the
Stars guide because we're in this little
valley there's no light pollution x
we're in the middle of nowhere
and this is epic you need to check this
out right heading back now hopefully
they look pretty epic guys I'm planning
to do a lot more time lapses like that
we are winding down for the evening
we've got a super early start breakfast
it's 6:30 because we're going to go and
meet like a traditional very basic
living I guess traditional living and
tribe that lives in nearby and we're
going to go and see some of their ways
of living it's going to be pretty
awesome I've visited the Maasai tribe in
Kenya before so but I haven't I haven't
visited any other tribes that I think in
Africa so this could be pretty pretty
cool sweep yeah and then we're here all
day tomorrow
and then we're flying back out I think
the following morning I'll see you in
the morning I'll probably be I probably
take a little while to wake up but
that's placing me in it anyway peace out
enjoy life and live the event shot boom
