good morning guys is our second full day
in Cairo
JP is feeling a little bit else and he's
um he's just resting at the hotel but I
have kindly been picked up by Mohammed a
nun and they are they've offered to show
me around a little bit today find some
cool stories meet some cool people I
think we're heading to a project now is
this an NGO yeah I said no NGO that
works in orphanages
I'll explain we get there but yeah I'm
really pumped and excited for today this
could be a really good day and we're
about to listen to some shall be music
which is like a a new music lesson
merging out of Egypt is the trend that's
been going yeah three years three years
okay yeah let's listen
so guys this is omar zip and no and this
is the orphanage that we've just arrived
that
when I was a kid I wanted someone to
guide me to be my mentor and my parents
were my mentors but I feel that it's not
enough do you know when we were younger
when your mom would say something and be
like no no no I'm not gonna do it but if
your friend says the same thing oh wow
this sounds amazing so I want to be for
the kids who I wished who I would have
when I was younger see what I'm going so
yummy I think it's my responsibility
because God has given us so many
blessings I have a body it's works I
have a mind I have a status I have money
maybe not that much money but I have the
time to do something I don't want to
grow old I don't want to be like in my
50s and be like oh why didn't I do this
why are like this generation it's so bad
and it's all AI corrupted and I didn't
do anything I want to be part of this
change because later when when history
is made and when we are in the books I
want to say I was with these people even
if I'm not mentioned by name I know that
I will be part of this change and then
my grandkids and all the other
generations oh my god that's a good
example let's let's follow her let's be
better than her so I want to like set a
good example but I want to be this
example so that people can surpass me
and be much much better than what I
tried to be okay I'm doing some
interviews we've set the cameras up but
we're just having to wait a while
because they actually overheated and
we're in the shade here as well I don't
even feel like it's that hot compared to
like being outside yeah this is this is
suddenly made me realize the next few
countries we visit it's gonna be a
challenge like Dubai in the by basically
all the hot countries I don't know if
we're gonna be able to do long
interviews outside in there in the heat
I'm also gonna take us on a tour now we
are in the playground kids play here
they take they have lunch there in the
room this orphanage is called the NY
orphanage it's comfort its comfort to
English so let's go to the kids the
orphanage here is to have the girls and
boys but girls were dismissed out of
this orphanage because it doesn't have
much fun so this is a problem here
people trade their clothes they donate
money they donate bags push pins that's
good
now we're going to the to the place the
kids sleep in nice to me
Louie these kids are crazy banging of my
dreads okay show plan how do you say
peace goodbye
that was amazing that was cool we are
now heading to like is it like the old
town yeah okay old Cairo and we're gonna
get some lunch and yeah hopefully see
some cool buildings old stuff learn a
little bit more about okay we're
crossing the road Egyptian style here
just keep walking just keep walking it's
like it's like Dory just keep swimming
just keep swimming
so we've been walking through some of
the suits in the old town and there's
just the most beautiful old building
tears I've you must it's a little bit
late in the day we could've arrived
early I could have gone in them we're
gonna go get some food instead I'm like
super hungry I'm hoping we can buy some
falafel
that's my dream right now just saying
the girls like this I love this kind of
environment where I'm sure I've said
this before when we've been in similar
market streets and like Morocco stuff oh
I just love the color and the vibrancy
and the sounds and like all the interest
in building
it seems that tonight there's some kind
of like international festival thing
going on it's it's the Islamic New
Year's today but there sees me all these
different countries represented so
there's like three centers to the green
flag
and then they'd like Congo Indonesia
Bosnia Wow
and I guess there's going to be like
traditional music playing from each each
country
Hurley's only happens once a year so the
half of the Chan stuff I am here just
for one day on this day this is amazing
this happens to me more often than you
think
really yeah just arrived someone LAN
it's only Apple towards the air and I'm
like randomly go ahead on the right day
so also I didn't mention the reason I'm
hanging out of these guys is that I
asked me and JP were landing I did a
little Instagram story just to say if
anyone wants to host are sort of hang
out and show us around then get in touch
so these guys ping me an email
this is this is definitely the best way
to see a country what did you just tell
me okay okay
addiction style addiction stuff tell us
where we've just arrived and we're gonna
get some food here
and this is like this is like local this
is how the locals eat right yeah okay
okay I'm obviously still a tourist but
trying to like just be as authentic as
possible so instead of like stopping in
there and all the tourist cafes you come
here this is Egyptian resourcefulness
look at that I like it yeah just make it
work just make it work that's the kind
of attitude you need for everything in
life I think that like represents what
life is about this is the biggest plate
of food I've ever seen look at the size
of this plate
I reckon I could sit on that this is
amazing just eating on the street with
these guys this is so so cool and this
is the flat oh yeah
Kamiya okay
an Egyptian falafel is cooked our mayor
we're gonna go to a point where the
music is playing but before we do I'm
getting this traditional gypsy drink
it's like sugarcane Lord equaled against
shock
yes it's nice I just found out of this
drink is only ten P literally like 15
cents back so cheap
that's cheap of them that's cheaper than
water it is actually do so guide the
most to here to be event is saying it's
the international sound festival for
spiritual woman spiritual music and
Johnson international sound festival
spiritual music and Charlie and up next
it's Greece and Sudan playing together
apparently she's going to be pretty
crazy
guys that was pretty special tonight
like I said earlier it wasn't planned at
all didn't know this is happening and to
find out then it's like this
international kind of religious music
festival and there's 23 different
countries represented tonight and having
them on the stage together as well it
was just so exactly what I've been
trying to demonstrate or trying to
communicate share stories about it's
this unity around the world and like to
have these here these different musics
from different cultures and and yeah I
don't know it's just it was pretty
special very special tonight I'm glad
that I managed to make it out and just
happen to find this
I always think these things on
coincidences you know this is what I
need in my life
get some Turkish coffee and I'm always
tiny too and I grew up in Cairo and I
think like my most favorite thing is how
friendly everyone is I was raised in
Saudi Arabia to study in the Union and
one of the things that I love most about
Egypt I think it's more like it's
something about
our world not only Egypt how people are
close to their family even extra even
like it's easy to get in touch with them
my biggest struggle is growing up in a
semi traditional upbringing but being
very westernized in my mind and
modernized and I'm not gonna lie being a
girl in Egypt with my kind of thinking
modernized and broadened and I want to
travel I want to go everywhere it's not
really easy in this country especially
with my family's upbringing so this is
my biggest struggle to say one thing
anti to overcome the way we've been a
case through social media and how you
turn ya and YouTube and stuff we don't
really think on the same level it's
difficult to explain to people how we
feel how you don't get our same views
and our dreams and emotions it's
difficult and when you don't have enough
support from the people that are close
to it it makes your path in life a
little bit like we've had a lovely
couple of hours just chilling drinking
Turkish coffee
chatting I managed to get another couple
of interviews done yeah it's been it's
been just a very like enlightening day
just very cool making friends I feel
like the people that I've been meeting
around the world that have been like
showing me around hosting me honestly
feel like would be it's almost like the
friendships are always been there it's
like I feel like super connected with
people
other night it's been really really cool
and I'm definitely coming back to Cairo
and wanting to explore the rest of
Egypt's as well apparently I found this
out yesterday that Egypt is of Briers
like number one thing on their bucket
list number one country to visit and so
yeah we got a plan in the trip seemed
good okay Mohamed is just give me some
more street food this is sweet Lefou
this is this looks amazing I love sweet
sweet potato bro
we've walked back to the car we've now
got 40-minute drive back to the hotel
oh yeah oh it's awesome okay guys it's
it's gone 1:00 a.m. oh my gosh it's been
the most incredible day and thanks again
to Mohammed we really now hit the yeah
taking a nap on yeah yeah hopefully next
time you come come with Brian or
something yeah I think next time I come
I'm gonna I always say this I always say
this but I'm gonna allow more time and I
was hoping to get more time thank you so
much honestly it's been it's just been
incredible and I saying to these guys
earlier like I felt like part of the
family today it really is been special
it's so weird to think we only met this
morning yeah but I feel like we've been
hanging out like a week yeah it's been
incredible
I'm gonna head up and crack on with some
editing we've got an early start and I
think like 7:00 a.m. we're leaving the
hotel so yeah I don't know if I'm gonna
get any sleep but I'll catch you guys in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
