keep morning guys we are at the Canadian
border just woken up okay I just had to
hand our passports in
it sounds like we need to go in to the
building
I don't we're gonna get our possible
stunt sweet nice thank you for here we
come
what's going on we have to go into the
office and get us with stamps did he
give the back to us a lot we're seeing
outside Caribbean customs and we all
went through with our passports and then
they said two gigs because he's
Brazilian and they were like have you
got a Canadian visa to get in and he
didn't didn't know he needed one and
they said I was gonna take at least six
months to get well and well we're only
going for the day and they said there's
no way he'd go in so we've already got
people waiting for us in Vancouver so
unfortunately it kind of sucks but he's
gonna have to wipe in the US and we're
going to head into Canada for a few
hours then we're gonna come back and
meet him but it turns out the US side of
the border there's nothing here so we've
ordered him a cab he going to a town
called Bellingham and yeah I guess we'll
drive there and meet him later
yeah sad sad Vermont down
before we drive into the city we've
stopped off at JJ's friend's house
because he's offered us her shower to
use which is brilliant we're gonna have
a shower freshen up and then we're gonna
head in and hopefully meet some people
because I'm yeah waiting I think by
bridge or something to me yeah I've had
a shower feel great and we're just
chilling now these are the girls that
have let us use their shower or your
names hello
and what's your dog's name cuz your dogs
awesome shaggy bye doggy thank you so
much
shaggy you can't come with us I'm sorry
it's such a nice day
Gloria this is the best weather we've
had the out of me what guys where's the
RV gone are they serious they're just
gone what dominum phanie decided to for
some reason we don't know quite why to
drive the RV away so we just parked
outside I don't think we were that long
maybe half hour maybe 45 minutes but
they got we don't know why why they go
on desi I don't know
Coffee but we don't know where they
don't even have so service and they
don't know their way around both of them
so it's blended which ended
we've popped up the RV and we're heading
to find some food we're a little bit
late who meet everyone that's waiting at
this suspension bridge somewhere but you
know we need to eat also we need to
scrap this time to meet people places I
just think Cecilia are there we will
also big surprise
I'm meeting Nadine delivering the Dean
she's listen Vancouver so she lives in
Squamish and she's traveling to mangu
between us I have left JC and the gang
head over to the suspension bridge to
meet everyone and I am eating lunch in a
Dean hey I've got a burger and some
sweet potato fries what are you going
there
very okay maybe I should eat more
healthy but in alle burgers so we have
arrived at this like suspension bridge
thing and apparently the guys have
already done in we met you over there by
the camper van and you'll have been
waiting Boyle yeah we are we're heading
in now have you been here before Nadine
what's it like what's it like it's a
suspension bridge capital a suspension
bridge yeah Lynn Dolly I hope you're not
afraid of height oh is it like that yeah
there's like two different ones it's
like a cliff walk it's like treetops
they walk all in there
okay okay have you done the video on
this one before I have it's not coming
out okay
the Dinos to make school travel video
content by the way you can check her out
I think I found it I think I found them
who's this guy hello how's everyone
doing you having a fun day cool but this
is the bridge this is the bridge we need
to go no running whoa it's wobbling whoa
this is I was not expecting it to be
this wobbly
we're trying to get a good photo we're
trying to get it
but I see you
Thanks
did it hit the mirror yeah like both the
mirrors Hicks like the man
Oh mirror hit here the bus I think it's
cool though
thumbs done a good little Drive from
Bank you know we're back at the border
we're about to go back into the States
that was like the quickest visit with
Canada ever
and now enjoy my gigs because he's going
up
why trust in Seattle well it's a seven
day road trip trying to make it seven
days try so Anthony
hey so everyone's got to get up and come
up here and see everybody okay well that
was a lot easier getting into the u.s.
than in Canada this led us straight free
Wow enough get out the RV suite
just switch drivers JC's driving for bet
how far is the out one hour one hour and
then we reunited with our lost members
these girls have been following us with
a sign and they just caught up with us
hello oh my god we just watched the
whole thing
thanks for chasing after we are
somewhere in Seattle I'm not sure where
and we're heading for food and we've
bumped into some more viewers the boys
have been tweeting out like rough
locations where we are
and people have been like finding us
she's cool
we've found a few more fantasy real
people
I think it's like a hundred people here
maybe more maybe like maybe like two
hundred people
we still haven't that dinner still had
enough hello JJ JJ can't get in ok let's
eat fast sorry got some food I went for
tuna I could have gone for a burger but
I feel like about a lot of burgers so
you know try some Tina tonight maybe I
made a mistake
hi we just go back to the RV and there
was a strange man hanging around and I
think he's just a bit a bit crazy but
the police were called and now they're
questioning him over here I I think you
should probably just go but you know the
situation is kind of escalated other no
other no it's going on there's a couple
of squad cars here there's like they've
like free
he's funny threatening he was just like
he's being weird about it
they said they saw on camera him on top
of our obviously
don't use it back up to this this guy
was seen climbing on the roof here and
he said to me he said I know that you
should drive the RV and I said why he
said I think there's a bomb on the RV
which is a little bit worrying I think
he's just a bit paranoid and he's a bit
insane Mike Hill had told the police but
that's what you told me
they probably had the bomb squad down
there they're probably like well I'd
definitely arrest him probably like
slamming to the floor getting it rough
with him whereas reality is I think he's
just very crazy so we did have a little
checkup there just in case I think we're
good how does everyone feel about the
bomb threat that we just had
JC where we're heading and how many
hours do you know won't even be 11 it'll
be like more like 15 because we're all
likely stopping and like we'll stop the
fuel and like yeah well it's 3 a.m. and
we're just getting ourselves together
for this long drive and I'll catch you
in the morning guys and I think I think
we're good I think we're safe I don't
think we're gonna blow up that's very
bizarre peace out enjoy life
