hi guys I'm sorry and I'm captain Andrea
from librarianship and you're watching
funforlouis
and inside good morning guys
I have some good news we have resolved
our plane issues it's a very long story
but we've managed to resolve them so we
can actually leave today so we're back
in the car getting our bags sorted and
then we're heading off it's afternoon I
think around 1:00 but I'm relieved
because it's a stressful night
JP barely slept it was up trying to
figure it all out but I think we've done
it I think we figured it out - in this
window be better so a little bit nervous
but I'm glad we sort of sorted it out
yeah we should have a good flight for
about a day behind them but we never
really had a plan so we're good yeah
sure here's guys amazing looks very
small see I'm gonna fit in there I don't
even know but should I get in and pissed
out quickly I have no idea if you're
gonna fit that oh look a glove good wait
wait all right so put your head down and
then pull the canopy back usually yeah
all the way you barely have room you get
guys this is hilarious this is hilarious
you slow so the plane is um pretty much
they're packed and stuff we're now going
to head out for some breakfast and I
need to top up credit my phones and
stuff and then we're ready to roll
so we've managed to top of our finds
with some data and we've got our lunch
got some pizzas let's like quite an
amazing pizza try this out chicken tikka
just give me some feel for the journey
we are back at the airport if you can
call in airport
apparently the runways just like a strip
of grass but we are having some problems
loading the plane and JP's lit we're
nervous because it's very back heavy so
it's going to be dangerous to take off
at the moment so we can have to try and
shift some of the weight to the front so
I need to maybe take some of my camera
lenses out and have them in stored in
the front other day we'll figure out is
the plane more balanced JP yeah it's
safe now which is important yeah we're
just trying to stay healed so we got a
weight limit we're doing that and it's
pretty hot out so the flight might not
be too good bit bumpy yeah it'll be
quite bumpy but it's part of it isn't
yeah it's pretty important to to file a
proper flight plan and let the
authorities know where we're going so
that you know if something does go wrong
they know where to find us and certain
rescue can can be dispatched as soon as
possible so nice
that plane looks very light either that
a JP like superhuman strength yeah it's
cool
let's go I hope so
I've no idea Oh all right guys it's time
to go who saw it have to cram this tiny
cockpit I think it's all gonna be good
that's yours great a headphone put
they've done all right so we're good to
go I'm gonna just start her up nice rub
nap right when we go my knee goes on
prophetess
almost look a fuel pump out as well
sit down the road away I'll head back on
it's from
nice
guys we made it we landed safely jay-z
is such a legend bride there's nuts
that's really nuts
oh there's a long flight I long for a
yeah oh oh legend and we got down just
in time and the Sun is just set and we
shouldn't be flying it like really
you're that ah the baby yeah brilliant
food yet oh oh that's the stretch
ah mmm I was there I was cramped in
there I could quite straighten my back
so I've been kind of hunch sighted
outside oh nice Oh what people something
very landing is incredible
see you in the morning what's the name
of this place we're at Upington so we're
we've stopped off in
uppington from the night which is kind
of like north west of South Africa is
that right is that where we are
Northwest South Africa yeah
on our way to Namibia we made some good
progress today to the restaurant I've
been with you yeah cool here we go
nice little B&B tonight well we threw
our bags in the room we've come down to
local restaurants crafts and dinner
because we are starving and she just
brought some drinks out I've obviously
gone for a coffee JP's gone for a
bubblegum flavored milkshake which does
not sound good no I don't believe you
apparently this is a South African thing
southern Africa here I kind of wanted I
taste it you can go
a little taste
it's like mouthwash no yeah that didn't
taste like mouthwash so good
well Cheers on successfully flying us to
wherever we are
yeah good job man
dinner's arrived by copy JT he went for
chicken and beef schnitzel and I got a
baked potato of mine some mushroom sauce
this is going to go down well this is
going to disappear pretty quickly I'm
just gonna inhale mine me and JP are in
bed in our own beds you know sharing a
bed last night we managed to get simpler
beds
this time we're actually in quite a nice
place I a message Ange and she put this
in to something last minute it's like
what we're in the air flying I was
texting her because turns out you fly
low enough you've got good phone
reception so that's managed using
managing to sort some stuff out what's
fly and say yeah we're resting up
tonight JP needed sleep he's been
working really hard and it was up super
early yesterday no this morning and the
day before trying to figure everything
out say yeah we all get a rest tomorrow
chill out a bit and while still waiting
for this Namibian paperwork to go
through so we can actually enter the
country and then we've got an incredible
week in store guys um JP is actually
from Namibia for those either don't know
so he's got some connections out there
he's got some awesome plans he's been
asking other guys for kind of ideas and
advice some things to do so it's going
to be pretty crazy and yeah we'll see in
the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boo
Oh
