what's up guys I'm Jacob I'm from
Nebraska United States I'm currently in
the beautiful dapeng republic and you're
watching fun for Louie boom good morning
boys
I lost my voice it's gonna be tricky
vlogging today um yeah a spoiler Lee I
am heading over to JC's to meet the boys
and we've got an early start yeah this
road trip whoa all right jumped in my
uber looks lazy boys haven't cleaned up
your pie so now walking down to the RV
gets out
there she is look at that go up ye or BT
I've never traveled in the RV this big
so she'll be pretty awesome
we've got beds this is amazing so much
better than traveling in a car
guys check out the interior of our
amazing RV this is trim easy we are
almost ready to go kyun pop dancer say
goodbye I'm coming you come in yet
oh I can't come I wish next time next
time right next time we'll go we'll go
to the east coast
he's a heat only on wrong introduce you
to the team this is Dom Dom II D how you
doing this is Jay Jay yeah yeah I'm
sorry I'm losing my voice son today's
time of me yo body ball boy joy coming
out good
JJ's joy first are you singing with the
team even though that you are seen it
have you ever driven a vehicle this big
yeah okay now half light for the day I
grew up in Malibu fine
first problem with an RV is trying to
find parking so we're going to stop for
some food no it's a park a vehicle this
bill give me a challenge food challenge
I'm uh I'm impressed with JJ's parking
we can't park here wit we need to back
up a bit
yeah okay okay this guy's saying this
for the end in his book so it's back up
throw pristine breakfast time so I just
ducked out of having breakfast to go and
get a Wi-Fi box from my t-mobile amazing
deal guys I got 14 gig of LTE data but
$100 but that included the box and the
SIM card so I'm pretty happy about that
that means I shouldn't have any problems
uploading the vlog over the next week
celebrations the food's been amazing
that are baking that's right hash brown
sausages poached eggs bacon avocado it's
a good breakfast so JC you have to move
it all right that's good man we're gonna
get it out that's impressive
how are ya impressive poetry and guys
this is the other team member gigs it's
hey man so this is the whole team trips
over and now we have 18 hours of driving
and show stoppers
now we're probably stopping the sound
all right dumpsters go reversing first
around the corner don't hit that don't
hit that fire hydrant slightly in the
road
alright I'll say a prayer everyone
please please God I'm good to Oxford Sam
he's got there's an ox board and please
protect this wind hombre amen amen
you
still pumping gas
I think we're going to drain all the
power in our laptops that'll be worth it
we have stopped off the gas and
somewhere somewhere on the i-5 between
LA and San Francisco don't know exactly
where we decided not to take the scenic
route which is the one which goes up the
west coast because we left late and
we've got get places you know so we're
just just heading the fastest route of
San Francisco which were hoping to stop
in tonight for dinner how's it going so
far JC pretty again yeah stretches we're
on the road man no it's all flat the
dreams becoming reality I know we're
going for a little skate on the carve
aboard that we've got and the trucks are
crazy loose
getting to get some creative shots some
slow-mo skateboarding and flips and
stuff
so I've got my supplies some nuts
chocolate water pretty much everything
you need
Wow that car just love to help cap this
is the bump this road ever yeah man it's
Lukas are watching JC's first video the
trip
we are making good progress or just
other two hours from San Fran and JJ is
taking over driving down to the good
driving stick some do trust JJ's driving
yes
oh I think that's all oh mama closed up
stop seven times you're gasps six hours
what time
and please get some good shots with
story so I'm just uploading my second
story of the day keeping you guys
updated
well guys I've got a random surprise for
you
we've stopped off just south of San
Francisco to pick up Dave my friend Dave
rasmus's happens to be living out here
right now so it's worked out well that
we could stop by and pick him up
so I'm just walking into his little
place I'm a bit okay though glad we
could put boss again alright Dave's
coming to meet the team
this way this way oh yeah this is Dave
Smith dummy dummy
hey then Anthony Anthony and this is JC
JC Damien see a secret lair we found a
horse no ah he's a cool when your
temperature throwing on the board French
projected oh look at that true yeah that
tree got a little bit that way bro oh
yeah we've gone any faster we're still
learning the ropes about to steer this
thing we are finally here in San
Francisco and we just parked up these
boys are climbing on the roof of the RV
and yeah we're gonna find something to
eat
because I didn't I don't anything I had
lunch today I think we're late breakfast
ah is it steady right Wow we could have
a garden up here
hello okay where're you guys from
high five and you came all the way to
meet us thank you thanks for coming to
join the party
how you feeling this Jason yes yes days
I'm loving the stalks and sandals over
there my food has just arrived
I got a cheese bag with some jalapenos
oh I'm ready I'm ready for that right
Dave's office jumping in an uber
we're continuing north dave has to head
back down to where he's living I see you
in a few days it's been brief but fun
yes in a few days man well that was
lovely seeing Dave it was last minute
and I'm glad it works out we caught up
quite a bit but hopefully I'll as soon
as this road trips finished I'm going to
go and hang out day for a few days in
Woodside I think it is very lives just
south of San Francisco and yeah we're
gonna catch up a bit more and hang out I
love Dave he's good guy we made it we
made it to Walmart guys I think I may
have fallen asleep
couldn't find a sleeping bag but this
hoodie it's like a little comforter
quilt thing I had Oh get out of this
place I bought my blankets and stuff
I've just filled up the RV one more time
a gas before the next leg of the journey
which we're heading further north
towards Portland I am just shattered
guys so this is me signing out for the
night I'll see you in the morning and
hopefully will be our next destination
peace tower enjoy life and live the
adventure
