hello my name is Danish I live in Latvia
Riga and you're watching from following
enjoy boom keyboard enjoys I'm currently
in Dubai but not for long I'm boarding a
plane right now to Los Angeles LA
yeah 16 hours the three tough
I literally just learned from Capetown a
few hours ago say it's been a long
flight already day for you guys 16 hours
in the air but but his thing on seven
hours
a head or a tail at the end and more
than actually I don't know how many out
there but anyway I'm gonna have half a
day now ladies I want to go there don't
worry
so there's now six hours of in-flight
left and we just passed over the North
Pole we go we went up to divide ode to
top the air place that down into America
so creates watching from the map is like
two toasters 16-hour flight done I'm in
LA just stepped off the plane and forgot
to throw my sweater which has been the
overhead luggage thing and they won't
let me back on the plane so I need to
wait now then forget it raise children
good to be back to the ground Polly
didn't seem quite long to you guys
watching about 16 hours long I got it
guys
you know guys when us on the plane I
felt like I've been in the air for so
long now it's like a transport ship and
I was watching like so many movies about
like sci-fi movies and stuff
I felt like there isn't a transport
spaceship to like Mars or something
because it's just endless don't know if
I could do like one of those long space
missions but you know the opportunity
came along pretty cool in there pretty
big adventure
I have got an uber from the airport
straight to and Philip DeFranco studio
because he's invited me to be on his web
show and so I thought what better time
than after 30 hours I started flying to
go in their film but not this is crazy
luckily guys I got a coffee this is what
I needed I'm just having a little snoop
around what really sets this is this is
how serious you can get look how
professional this is
well I finished the filming in the
studio and yeah it was a fun little
interviews over quite quickly some of
the questions got pretty deep guys I was
not prepared but yeah it was good for
good fun I'm now waiting for a new bar
and I'm heading over to JC's house I'm
gonna be crashing there tonight and
we've got big announcement you may have
heard there's been a flurry of social
media post about it but I am joining him
and some friends on a road trip around
the states in a couple of days time so
yeah it's gonna be it's gonna be pretty
epic
so turns out there's a little party
going on JC's house and he's got a
little swimming pool here which I was
like yeah might go for a swim check
temperature is like hot tub temperature
and this is the perfect thing to do
after such a long flights on straight
jaesi say hi to my blog man hey this is
JC's ideas been planning or I'm just
kind of like to throw enough when just
like get involved but that's the best
way to do it just timing alone
let's have a little look and see these
hot dogs already I'd say there they were
almost there almost there
guys look all the glow sticks on the
bottom of the pool
so I ducked away from JC's pool boy to
come and see Casper JJ's waiting they're
out here in LA filming a movie
JJ oh it's late at night they're doing
like 12 hour filming days how's it going
bro you know it's amazing it's so cool
to have you yeah I was just watching you
on an aeroplane like last night yeah I'm
gonna see if I can speak in the
background this is exciting though guys
this is like big this is like it's a
monumental time feeding America
youtubers tweeted hashtag Internet gonna
give me a little tour of what's going on
how you finding a JJ being in a movie oh
yeah you're living the life we live
yeah bring in some equipment in big-time
hello max nice to meet you Danny the ad
hey hey man nice to meet you nice to
meet you thanks for letting me crash the
set and have a look around and this is
you this is Jules you could just wear
your normal place okay what's that
that's like 18 is gone down to the edit
suite and we're just about to see a
little clip of the movie but I can't
show you guys unfortunately that's the
way it's come up
wake up so I've left the movie set where
they're filming because I am in full
sleep deprivation
jet lag mode I headed back to JC's I was
gonna stay there but they're partly
still going so I just literally grabbed
my bags jump back in an uber and I've
now arrived at Casper and jojos house is
where they stay which is pretty epic in
the Hollywood Hills
yeah and I'm they've kindly let me crash
here tonight because it's quiet they're
gonna arrive back from the filming shoot
soon I'll be able to get a good amount
of sleep finally all right I'm gonna
catch you guys in the morning we're
gonna be prepping ready for this road
trip peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
