is Brian early I'm just jumping in the
minibus avanthi hello areas we go I stay
down these last night because we needed
to get up early because we're now
heading in to London into its Camden to
meet with Jamie Oliver and start this
epic day of promoting food revolution
and Andy's coming along with one of his
staff from the feel-good bakery which if
you guys watch the vlog from last year
it's an amazing project which we can
tell you about later
revolution revolution time so we stopped
off in Putney at this place after Dan
for a little cheeky coffee and some
breakfast I picked up Andy's friend
silently before today's start and I just
summarize what the feel-good Baker is
for my viewers my t-shirt to fill the
bakery t-shirt it's cool I got a little
face there's white out sandwich Phil get
bakery you don't know is we employ young
people that are turning their lives
around often young people maybe that
have been involved in gangs or prison or
maybe some young people they just never
had jobs before give them a job and for
every sandwich we sell we provide a meal
for a kid at the feeding programs like
the ones
some reviewers have seen some of that
stuff in Kenya and Romania so we're
feeding kids in those projects it's
through the sale of sandwiches
sweet nice and this is Sophia Jamie
Oliver's invited us down together the
teams to do some stuff for his Food
Revolution day gonna set up a little
store and teach them kids are tomato
sandwiches yeah that healthy fruit and
veg we're gonna put all of the
ingredients in there and then get
rolling
fool them down it's time to taste them
how is it is it all right do you like it
yeah
bye guys
so ugly we call from fun for Louie and
I'm here supporting the food revolution
and there we go good on you guys if you
sign the petition well done yeah
I'm supporting spread the news we've got
to remember we have we are pushing today
today's
donnatella camera how you made this
sandwich I didn't make the sandwich she
waited for she's the best sandwich
challenge
Jamie's game blindfolded up I will meet
you back at the studio yeah yeah we're
gonna go live on me yeah so we are stuck
in a tiny bit of traffic and we're
trying to head to the studio but should
be okay
you've arrived serious mr. long even
long head finally here probably kicking
off my 15 minutes bro commit me in the
summer Duesberg I think this is my job
I'm gonna be helping redeem here this is
awesome
I just have been around the world and I
love to share my explorations with you
guys online
I sent ya today I am updating everyone
on the show with tweets we're getting in
from you guys and the question we asked
was what's the first meal you were
taught to cook and who taught you so
I've got a few tweets coming in at the
moment right and we have got here we go
and Amy said spaghetti bolognaise and
well that's the same as me
I guess did spaghetti bolognese yeah my
dad a lot of people's parents obviously
teaching them yeah so her mum taught
well what else we got here
a lot of a lot of pasta guess that's
easy to do you get your meatballs
my first one one what's that omelet a
very good go Pacific buddy my first
roast dinner when I was 10 with all the
trimmings this is a lot yeah this is a
large number of people signing a
petition online and this is incredible
I'm blown away by this guys and Jamie
told me earlier I think this is the the
biggest number of thing that shows on a
petition online and changed or where to
Sir you guys especially online that have
made a real difference you've been
telling us what to do the only reason we
do food revolution day is because of you
and now we're doing it and now we have
you know causes and petitions you guys
well your this is this is for you so
it's gonna be great be the real people
coming up now it's amazing in it
absolutely so what next thing what we
doing so we've got an these are some
pictures from around the world
instagrams and things posted online
we've got this is Sydney Australia and
Amy teaching preschool is about food
revolution hosting a food revolution
still that festival this weekend lovely
signing it you're sharing it yeah we've
got a this is Valentin Warner yes lovely
lovely boy he's signing it and sharing
it yeah this is the chefs from Cornwall
it's like look at my lovely Annie look
at that beard what's happened why does
every chef have to have a beard these
days and tattoos
this is global guys this is Macedonia an
ambassador of Macedonia Sanjay Sanjay
she's making the sausage sandwiches away
Macedonia this is the thing that's
absolutely beautiful and because people
have joined them from all over the world
and it's wonderful I think we blaze
around the world is working every single
inspirational he's revealing stuff we
all need to know about living together
in harmony around the world love each
other
thank you and hopefully we can get
bolder and in my view it helps the
bigger movement yes communities new
collectives new stories new ways of
seeing the changing reality and he's
getting hooked up with Russell hopefully
they can work together with the
feel-good bakery because Russell's open
a cafe show you those though we're now
getting on this double-decker bus to
Jamie Scott
set up the whole revolution day hello
Andy right got my banana costume
the wrong homes
well we're at the BBC we're about to get
up the bus
we've been chilling for a little bit
we're all got costumes on and we're
doing the grand entrance
here we go out here Chris Evans we're
here with fun for Louie
having a lot of fun Louise is a
phenomenon in the background the whole
time these guy
that's a wrap signage Amyas don't worry
about the absolute and this day we've
had a wicked day raise investments such
as a revolution food rover too young we
talk about food all day right say
goodbye to Andy and Sophie and jump to
manuever don't see my mum who happens to
be in Hammersmith but this jazz evening
so I'm heading in now to catch bit of
jazz and wind down cuz it's been a
hectic day
amazing jazz night my mum's left him
that either she's tired I'm with Nick
he's come up to join us and also Darcy
and Bianca what did you do tonight Tyler
Oakley slumber boy how was it was it
good
good fun yeah awesome guys we've arrived
at the Troy bar
silly Nick there guys thanks for lift
back yeah will do
bye well guys it's 6:00 a.m. I didn't
manage to get my vlog up unfortunately I
was trying to get some time throughout
the day but didn't have any time so I'll
get out first thing in the morning when
I wake up I'll finish the Edit and I'll
probably do a double upload tomorrow it
was an incredible day like already I've
already put into words how awesome it
was it feels a bit surreal really but
you saw it all and if for some reason
you saw all that and still haven't
signed the petition then you're crazy
but it's links obviously in the
description please do that it means so
much and it means together we can do
something that will be world-changing
right on that note I'm gonna head to bed
and I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and the adventure
