good morning guys
we were in Cairo we flew into Egypt
yesterday this is the third continent
and we flown into in the world flight
and it's super exciting to be here today
we are doing the classic trip to the
pyramids and this is Eddie behind me
he's been helping us organized a lot of
the logistics of flying around the world
he does a lot of the handling you know
figuring out which airports we could fly
into and you know giving a lot of
aviation advice and he lives out here so
he's kind of hosting us whilst we're
here and we're gonna go meet his camel
today so yeah I'm pumped I'm ready very
good day
we have arrived guys check this out
oh my gosh so epic we also got an
additional ticket the same as I did last
time to get inside one of the pyramids I
don't know if it's gonna be the same
chambers I explored before but I think
that's a pretty essential thing today
when you come here they're actually much
bigger than I remember
check this drone out you need to grab
some in this footage
here's the entrance up here got a
feeling this is a different pyramids
than when I went in last night
oh we don't know what this is but it's
some kind of my own production this fool
though I wish we could have snuck up
with
you're gonna sneak through before they
shoot the next eight hey guys have had
all our cameras confiscated but we're
inside the pyramid now we're gonna go
for a little walk
I don't know how much I'll be able to
film but this is pretty a thing we like
fully inside the pyramid bro Wow
no train there is water there it's very
warm this is the same chamber
did what I think I think this day just
proposes girl no way did we destroy the
to propose we did
congratulations
I forgot how how big it is in here not
how many corridos there are and it's
like kind of going up and down and out
and this is not ideal for people of mine
that was a cool experience
this is where I want someone that's like
an archaeologist to be touring me around
telling me all the facts about like how
old things are and when they were
uncovered I think some of the stuff here
at the pyramids was only uncovered a
couple of hundred years ago but
obviously it's like I guess like four or
five so this is Eddie's camel Charlie
Brown hello Charlie
a friend become oh how old's Charlie
Brown I don't think that's the way to
pick up girls dude we're getting a we're
getting some traditional Egyptian
headdresses oh yes I
you think sharpie I don't know how this
is gonna work but you don't want to who
dreams you want to Galloway yeah Layton
we make like a TV Superman yeah yeah
how's that working yes Mickey Mouse okay
come on
and you see it's good sorry it's okay I
got it I got it you got Charlie Brown I
got Mickey Mouse we're about to go in
there
explore the pyramids so epic
artists cruising right now this is one
of those things you have to take a loot
bucket list camel right through the
pyramids and Eddie's keeping an eye on
the on the welfare of the camels he's
making sure they're riding animals
abroad it's the guys you see at the top
of the pyramid there is like the very
pinnacle of it has like an outside stone
on it basically all of the pyramids
originally had this kind of smooth
granite surface and yeah I guess over
the years that was kind of fell away and
apparently a lot of the others I was
getting told earlier but a lot of the
smooth granite surface was taken away
and used to build buildings in Cairo so
it's left there kind of them just the
exposed rock blocks that we use to build
the pyramids but this isn't what they
originally looked like they looked a lot
more pristine and elegant I guess I've
just realized I don't have any Sun cream
on and I might be getting a little bit
bad
I should have put a long-sleeve shirt on
today Thank You Mouse legend thank you
thank you so much how's that JP thank
you chuckling thank you
what's it one ask when is that Egyptian
for thank you no oh and that's what
you're welcome ah how did you find a JP
it kept popping out in the five to the
right into it was great there they're
just like horses on steroids like they
fart a lot though I thought that was you
you can defeat it from your mouth - it's
now can I do it yeah listen are we gonna
do this so Louie's gonna
okay I think are you just you just
completely bit into the side that he had
he's like we ready to fight to burn it's
strong in it yeah so Eddie's just
showing us the granite that used to
cover the entire pyramids that are
saying earlier they would go blunt after
about six heads and the other whole
industry of Bremen copper and sharpening
the coca they wanted the one that went
Blanco lacking sharpened brought back up
the line Wow
when he got it deep enough they used
water and rope and sand and they would
have a lot of people and sand was thrown
in waters and what were these queries
for cloud to cut all the way through no
way it wasn't even finished and it's
almost perfect it's amazing to think
what people are capable of like
thousands of years ago before modern
tennis all it is is one human two not
four and a half thousand it's always
just one human doing a little bit of
each other not progressing it's just
basically you're looking at billions
billions of tiny movements and it's
working away I guess yeah
okay we're walking down from the
pyramids down to the Sphinx which is and
a right at the front and something I
just learned is that the Sphinx was
actually here before the pyramids were
built so I think neighboring like five
thousand years old
I'll find out down there there's
probably some information the last time
I came here we didn't really get a
close-up look at the Sphinx so I'm quite
excited we've only got about half an
hour until the whole area the whole kind
of compound closes
that was an absolutely incredible visit
guys if you do get a chance to come to
Egypt I highly recommend it
every all their noxious job down again
right heading off that's pretty cool
those boys help me film some slow-motion
of them on the horses thank you for
waiting sorry to hold you up so this
restaurant it's got the most incredible
view of the pyramids
and the windows upstairs there has come
up
Wow that is insane
there's Charlie Brown hit at home
Flanigan age upon this
lovely today this a second
probably
right back in the car that's the hotel
now it's been an awesome day we've
pulled over on the side of the road by
the noil guys we're gonna have a little
bit go through to the Nile
this is a pretty famous river
who knows to the car though yeah that is
impressive but if you have a guy said
well it's been a nice evening I've been
very productive we had some drinks with
Eddie and a local guy at mer who we
might be meeting up with tomorrow
evening and I've been yet just plowing
through the videos we've got a fun day
tomorrow planned I'm going to be hanging
out some locals hopefully getting some
interviews and yeah just learning a bit
more about Egyptian culture we had a
good chat tonight learning a lot about
the local I mean the recent history it's
all pretty crazy yeah and then hopefully
tomorrow we can just yeah continue
learning about Egypt and bringing new
guys on that journey of discovery for me
JP may stay here for some of the day
just to recover because he's not feeling
too well and he needs to be on top form
for piloting I don't need to be on top
form I can I can continue with my sleep
deprivation because I can always sleep
in the plane and I'm not risking lives
if I fall asleep anyway I'm doing
another bathroom sign out as to not wake
up JP because he's been asleep for hours
and yeah
I guess I'll catch in the morning peace
out enjoy life a little adventure
