hi my name is Trixie right now at Grand
Canyon Arizona and USA I'm originally
from Manila Philippines and right now
you are watching fun freely we boo good
morning guys we have just had some
breakfast that is cool little cafe and
Ripley that Darcy told me about
hynix good good choice Darcy and now
we're heading back I need to get a form
to fill in at the post office for my
passport but took me a while to wake up
this morning still feeling very
jet-lagged
yeah just turned this afternoon right so
I just got some photos taken to my
passport and I picked up a passport form
and now we're heading to the train
station
well I'm so used to getting off at
Waterloo which is the last stop on this
line that I completely forgot to go off
at Clapham Junction this honks that's
the quickest way to get to Victoria so I
have to get off at the next station box
up and then I'm getting the underground
because Victoria is where the passport
office is I did however manage to fill
in the whole form while still sitting on
the train it should be pretty simple to
submit it and I get there
well I've submitted my application I'd
have to wait four hours for it to get
made I'm gonna find a little coffee shop
nearby do some editing and I think
dartie turning up to meet me and maybe
my sister Hilary as well
my little sibling meet up with some
research and I found this coffee place
which comes highly recommended TomTom
let's check it out coffee shop I'm just
gonna chill funny story you just got a
phone call from the post office
I was literally there like half an hour
ago and they were like yeah we can't use
your passport photo those same identical
players to ones I used last year and I
was like no they're not I literally kept
those this morning they look exactly the
same as your previous passport and I was
like well I've got the same place I
can't find my hair that same way so she
was like mm okay we believe you and
they're going to go ahead and get made
make the possible
well I've had a lovely and productive
afternoon drinking coffee and editing
and skyping and JP planning or flying in
Namibia next week yes all coming
together well I'm now wondering over
back to Victoria Station I think I'm
gonna find another cafe can stay open a
bit longer to me with Hillary and Darcy
who were both on their way okay guys
I've met up with Hillary and Darcy and
also randomly met this girl Alice who we
with complete strangers we met in the
other coffee shop and we have like
randomly have like 12 mutual friends so
we've just been chatting she would see
set up YouTube these some like do some
presenting and stuff online so with me
and Arthur you're going to help us watch
this space I have left Hillary and Darcy
2.0 Hey
hello sobbing interviews I've left
Hillary and Darcy to find somewhere for
us to eat dinner and I'm running back
this hot spot is quickly to correct my
passport hopefully it's all sorted and I
accepted similar looking photos that
they weren't too sure about earlier
thank you right well there you go guys
fresh shiny new passports
it's gonna take me around the world
again so going like I said this one is
extended 48 pages which is like quite a
bit bigger than the standard passports
so this should last me has arrived
Hillary went for a lobster look Queenie
Darcy went for a margherita pizza and I
went for it got very loud in the
restaurant so we are heading elsewhere
for dessert I'm thinking the South Bank
second time that's happened while some
plugins anyway
the Southbank can hilary's heading east
I mean Darcy heading back down to sorry
afterthe Hertha's and finish catching up
it's been a lovely evening so far I love
hanging out of these people so as most
of you know I am Louie's youngest sister
Darcy I'm 16 and I would currently love
to find a summer job so if you're
looking to employ anyone to do simple
graphic design or songwriting and
filmmaking in a studio again probably
for simple coins follow me and Daphne
loves life is written in this saree or
London area yeah alright get this guy's
see how the London Eye is read but
usually it's blue the reason it's
written the stasi tell us the reason why
it's red coca-cola have bought the
rights to have London Eye as read how
nuts is that we found somewhere that
sells brownies ice cream and hot Ribena
that's right
by V not that's like hot childhood
favorite drink what would be enough
Cheers
love this guys if you haven't tried hot
rub enough you ought to check this out
see you later he'll buy we need to catch
a train we have got a train in five
minutes and we have to run to the
station yeah we are well someone has
certainly claimed a beer trophy over
there
mum has arrived to pick us up yeah
hey mom thanks for coming together great
how's your day been since we left
well guys have been up most of the night
it's 4 a.m. and I had to watch the
latest episode of Game of Thrones which
came out a few days ago another epic
episode I am heading to bed now I'm not
doing too well trying to be my jet lag
this week as usual typical I've got some
plans tomorrow I'm hoping in the
afternoon to borrow my granddad's car
and drive down to Brighton
so hopefully see Alfie another Nova so
he's around that'd be nice cuz I had
seen him in a while but I will catch you
in the morning it sounds like it's
already morning didn't hear birds
outside not cool peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
