it's just gone 6:30 and we have
clambered out of bed and doing that the
lodge to get some breakfast and then we
are doing a little Drive it's me tribe
what's the name of the tribe we're gonna
meet him
the Himba yeah about him and that's the
people who have traditionally like from
this area or originally from this area
the Himba tribe should be quite cool we
have eggs bacon and sausage for
breakfast and also the smallest apple in
the world it's time to head off
the humor also they're just always
coming from the northern part of Libya
for always for my goal at least also
know him by the birthday and there is
more environmental
we've just been learning some
fascinating facts about the Himba tribe
from whether our guide who's saying if
you want to marry a woman you pay three
count I think if you murder a woman you
have to repay the family forty five cows
and they don't get the government
involved and it's like they've been
running their own law system yeah
there's some crazy traditions here it's
fascinating and also your first wife has
to be your cousin usually they try and
marry their cousin they're afraid of
Louie's hair yeah Wow it's like really
hard like man that's much better than
what you have
because smoothies good standards no on
it hey so this is the die that they use
in their hair and skin
it's called ochre and they crush it oh
yeah breathing a little bit and it's
just they're trying to speak this
language no you hear it also but while
their head hit it on the same same who
do you think guys against the
traditional tribal face pain I think
we're I think we're part of the clan now
yeah hello
they don't mean that set windows no only
small homes would love to stay here for
a week to come and live with these guys
they said thank you for they are all
bonded they are always making like this
just chillin how awesome is this guys
she's got she's got a mobile phone yeah
sweetie
Nokia yeah this is so fascinating guys
yeah
teaching these kids some photography
skills over there they're good they seem
to figure things out yeah like he knows
the top screen
was crazy
it looks really chill or he's dying one
other - I want a pet goat I'm stealing
this goat guys Cillian come bro a
venture with my pet goat now although
this tribe rely mainly on trading for
stuff often Trading cows they are and
they do use money as well so they are
selling some little objects that they've
made and we can buy them I'm terrible at
buying gifts though I thinking to buy
something for dancing my little sister I
think I'm like maybe buy one of these
little baskets it's nice
maybe she can keep that nail varnish in
there or something well they drive a
hard bargain I could only afford to buy
this basket but it's pretty cool I like
that you could put stuff in there like
maybe like earrings or something
but you can tell them I'm their friend I
think I've harassed these village
peoples enough this girl over here is
actually scared of me she's run away
she's like that guy's crazy
so when tourists like me come and visit
villages like this it can seem a bit
intrusive I'm still trying to figure out
what's appropriate and everything and
not treat them like we're just staring
and taking photos one of the things the
lodge that was staying at they do when
we come and visit is they give them
gifts so we're giving them some food
maize and stuff like that and for the
families that stay here goodbye we're
back at lodge and still got this place
paint on and we are having hey guys it's
probably one of the most awesome
locations I've ever had laptops up we're
just chilling out in this valley it's
just peaceful
having drinking our coffee I could stay
here for a while you know also get some
inspiration because this is all built
outward and net natural staff they think
in treehouse vibes for lunch we have
some traditional african spaghetti
bolognaise and i feel like me and jake
view the only people in this whole Lodge
the Louie just was drinking coffee and
this little guy it's a little wasp tiny
little wasp
didn't road to I spat the coffee all
over my laptop yeah I put it in my mouth
like to drink it and it's stumbling so
I'm alone and I just in my reaction was
just to spit out literally spat out all
over that so check this guy out
don't leave that hurt so bad
stuck a sting right in my lip teach a
little guy alright you just say that and
think about what you've done okay
very naughty was after an incredible
afternoon despite getting stung by the
wasp
I've had a great day we are now heading
back to the Himba tribe I wanted to camp
over there but I think it's a bit short
notice and so we're going to go hang out
for the evening get to know them a bit
more
back at the village the kids recognized
me from a fire they were like hey cuz I
put my hair up in a pineapple earlier
yeah
alright so Louie thought it was a pretty
good idea to bring an iPad along I
thought would be cool because it's like
it's like full screen selfies for them
so let's see how the kids react
he's fighting a guy that goat is gone
this little girl was thirsty so she just
went out to a goat and milk - she's got
a little drink of milk
what's in here I'll load the tiny baby
goat gonna build a little fire here
shall I break it oh this
look at the fire word the water just
arrived we're gonna help make some
dinner at this girl showing us making a
fire inside if I would have a fire like
this in the house all night because it
gets pretty cold in the evening all
right the water's boiling where's this
water from yeah it's just fresh water
this is just from the spring
that's Louise tend to just throw the
Miele poppin he's pretty much the head
chef tonight right we're gonna get shown
how it's done now
oh you can throw it in for us okay
okay Chuck it instead she's whisking it
how you doing I know what house is
coming along yeah yeah we brewing dinner
servin up a dinner for the family
louia cleaning up before for the big
meal so nice just pour it in Floyd yeah
kind of tastes like porridge
does it need some sugar yeah it might be
better sugar but also I don't know this
is supposed to be like savory or sweet I
think it's pretty neutral fearless guys
that was pretty magical we are leaving
now
unfortunately it's not even that late
but its pitch black they're all going to
bed and I mean joke here heading back to
the lodge another little gift for the
village there you go enjoy so dinner is
finished another delicious meal I have
set up my camera again for another
time-lapse it should be better tonight
the moon isn't out and I pointed it in a
different direction say well the
evenings come to an end
JPS fast asleep I've been chilling in
the main lodge area just doing some
editing and yeah I'm heading to bed now
or catch in the morning we are flying to
a new destination I have no idea where
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
