my name's Ashley and you're watching fun
furloughing enjoy
good afternoon dice we are heading out
for some brunch it's probably lunchtime
now Ashley and we're gonna go and try
and get our audio cables sword for
recording in flight conversations which
is quite important
we're gonna be doing a lot flying
today's interesting weather this place
is not what I typically think of as
African weather but you know it's cool
it's cool
throw quite fun foggy and pretty chilly
thank you yeah
breakfast has arrived that's good that's
a good portion we just stopped up an
aquarium you know have a look on double
thing rights that he throws out you can
strike these thing rights right
I'm pretty sure you can most aquariums
with open tanks like this they're pretty
show
so slimy
who's this aquarium here when you work
it you can dive in here
I am new my Tiki look shocked I don't
think you can really see how weird that
is little don't viewing thing guys it's
very weird
well guys it's very random I wouldn't
expect it to stop at an aquarium but we
just rejoined from past and Jamie was
like don't you cut the aquarium so I was
like okay
it's all flooding back with these
childhood memories there
well that's like dinosaurs bro who's
like he's like prehistoric fish they get
bigger than n2
can I just angle my fingers it or lay my
fingers here he is can we get my fingers
broke lose the ocean dice the Atlantic
Ocean
No
so one of our main missions today is to
get this audio cable working so you guys
can hear our conversations and because
it's a Sunday and it's like a national
holiday we there's no shops open so we
can't go and buy the correct adapters
and stuff and the ones we thought were a
bit cheap and crappy so the plan is we
have a soldering iron
we have bits one of JP's friends for us
this which is the female adapter we need
to make this will work
so JP's gonna make the cable we need
hopefully so JP's friends and isis
diagram very simple diagram of how to
wire this up this is the potentiometer
yeah the volume thing that will lower
their distortion hopefully from the
recording this is a capacitor but we're
not sure where do we definitely dig
faster and then that's the which in
that's the inner comment that goes into
the camera hopefully we can figure this
out we have all the tools and we have
coffee which is the main thing we don't
have time we don't have much time
apparently unless you want to spend the
night okay yeah when do we need to go we
need to be a day born in bath is half
minute seriously shall I pack my stuff
so after a lot of fiddling we finally
managed to hook up the headset along the
wire to split off to record so this is
replicating coming out of the intercom
or wherever is called and then this is
going into the camera to record and
we're just tested and it's working guys
so next time we're in the plane it
should be working
Louise made a new friend
not such a clever friend where'd it go
just safe kitty well kitty Bob bring it
out bring it out coming cha preniva
hang eva peron Eva bring about
all right laptop Club is over we're
heading over to the plane to refuel and
test out our little audio thing that we
made so the weather meant that we can
fly today unfortunately but we are
prepping to fly tomorrow morning and
part of that prep is fueling the plane
and I just realized we've stopped at a
normal petrol station to fill up all
these jerry cans and this is this is the
plain fuel unleaded petrol teeny nice
thanks mate
I'm delicate sweet Oh got a few check
out this cool and robot gonna be jealous
guys check out this that is a serious
Safari vehicle
hey they're not messing around yeah it's
this or is this where we're going we're
going on an adventure in this guy ie I
this this is a kind of this is the kind
of vehicle I can imagine having Ben's
got his Land Rover I could have one of
these imagine me in bed and cruising
across Africa in convoy yeah let's get
one of these JP yeah that would be
alright but that's just to normal this
is epic
how much jerking that cost a million
u.s. dollars do you think that'd be a
good investment guys alright it's time
to fill up there basically we have two
fuel tanks in this plane and they are
stored inside the wings how clever is
that so this is one and then this is the
other side do you have to fill them
equally so that balance of the plane or
can you have can you have one tank full
and the other tank empty is that
annoying
okay
so in total you can hold a 150 litres
nice
the gravity feeder have a little thing
on you do you have this is it the
siphoning yeah
well just shake it up and down I've
actually formed a bit of an attachment
to this plane it feels nice to be back
even though we're not flying right now
I'm looking forward to going out
tomorrow hopefully yeah it's been a good
plane it Street as well it's taking us
places it's going to be takin us to many
more places where we're heading eggs on
the plane dopey no idea are we going on
some kind of like Safari thing or game
Drive or something or maybe some
cheetahs and lions and elephants and
hippos oh yeah I'm well up for that wait
okay that's the plan adventures African
adventures 20 liters done another 20
liters going in it's now time to test
the audio connector that we got soldiers
and made earlier and we're gonna head up
to this camera there's a like a mic
input here see how it sounds it's really
quiet isn't it God turn it up up there
oh all that didn't work
something's wrong we're gonna have to
fiddle with it a bit more something to
do the voltage is coming out of the
the what is this called radio intercom
totally the Volt is coming out intercom
hmm we have fueled up and we are ready
we just need to fill it with our audio
cable a bit more but guys I can't stop
obsessing about this vehicle I'm
definitely gonna get one maybe not quite
splashy
I mean in jpo just making some plans for
travelling around the world in it I
could live in the back it'd be perfect
dinnertime
mine eyne finished it so nicely please
peanuts are bitter bitter I'm finished
nostalgia amazing does it come with them
fry echo awesome thank you
Vina schnitzel that's right finish
nestled the national finish Nestle
so this restaurant we're in is a German
restaurant and we had schnitzel for our
main course I'm looking for the strudel
where they don't have a thing of other
German desserts
Black Forest gateau and other ones I
found a printer which I think similar
I'm going to try this out and see what
this is like
you fill yours up a lot of me
Cheska's finish Riley back JP's headed
to bed I'm heading to bed sitting - I
finished what I'm doing this is actually
our last night staying in this for MBA
and we are now or tomorrow morning
heading off again to explore more of
Namibia in the plane I'm hoping we can
find somewhere a little bit warmer
because this coastal town is pretty cold
but yeah I'll see you in the morning
it's gonna be epic
peace out enjoy life and let the
adventure
