hi I'm Joe Vella and I'm from the United
States and you're watching from poor
Louise good morning guys we have just
left the hotel and we are heading to
check the charity water HQ with a New
York Instagrammer which I'm yet to meet
a guy called cubby and we're just
waiting probably by now but I'm pretty
excited this is a big day
so Kobe's giving us a little tour these
are all the countries they work in don't
know and charity:water is doing
incredible stuff in the world providing
clean drinking water to millions of
people and that's currently Toby just
said over 700 million people without
access to clean drinking water so that's
what their mission is it's exciting it
is crazy how much we take this for
granted guys
water from the simplest needs in life
both left the office and we're coming
out for lunch with cubby this is a cool
place it feels like some kind of like
medieval tablet I don't even know where
we are this is amazing lunch of the
right all right copies heading off
thanks for the tour guys go and check
out his Instagram he's got an awesome
Instagram account
amazing night amazing guy inspiration
it's doing such great work
makes me feel like I want to do
yeah I'm gonna link charity:water below
guys you can go and check out what
they're doing right where we have to now
so I forgot to tell you guys but Steve
has bought a new camera
it's the competitor to this g7x to Sony
was it good and we're just doing a
little comparison testing we met with
Tim the other night and he's he's raving
about his so you see see what you didn't
go see what beautiful things Steve can
create with this guy
Steve getting a little blurry flag video
yes Chloe flag copy time
I've got some solo laptop cop going on
cheers the widest table ever we are full
of caffeine and we're ready to take
Instagram to shoot cool videos of speed
we moved him out of Hayden again yeah
he also coincidentally is bought one of
those Sony cameras so we're going to try
out some cool artistic shots and see the
difference between the cabinet and the
donut do a little test
well we're taking a little walk down by
the river this is Brooklyn Bridge here
I think that's Manhattan Bridge and we
just come across this colorful glass
house that is pretty yeah it's a pretty
shot Steve yeah I'm enjoying this guy
yeah yeah how are you today Roya
right we stopped off for a little snack
afternoon snack
are you ready for this day you guys
ready see this will you finish off heat
son went down to look at the river again
it's incredibly beautiful maybe I felt
with papi and he's just showing up this
awesome electric unicycle
there you go scent and this is his daily
commute he uses it to get around
Manhattan which is amazing I think we're
gonna join him for we're gonna have two
wheels and these are less cool but this
is gonna be pretty nice we're gonna try
and ride across Brooklyn Bridge you
ready to roll Steve ready to ride we're
gonna cruise around New York City
when our city bikes
if to carry our bikes up these stairs
it's gonna be interesting
copy predicted the breach would be
pretty packed we wouldn't be a
cyclocross I think he might be right
it's pretty round all the way over there
is the Statue of Liberty and I think
we're gonna go and visit her all right
oh that means fast so good okay bro yeah
we need to park these guys up right yeah
how's that Riya
so if you guys remember last was here I
met it got opened Andre in Central Park
he invite me up to the top of his
building she's got a crate full view in
New York and brightest in here by State
Building so we're heading out there now
show these guys to do City wammy all
right just crazy
sick views on draygon yeah how you doing
how's your lot six months is iffy yes
maybe more you live in New York still so
unfortunately the Sun hasn't set yet but
we actually mean Royer are gonna go and
catch a performance that Lily's doing
down south we need to head off any of
these guys back here and there
we've arrived in time to see Lily bright
was Lois scared that we might have
missed the first song but it's all good
are you excited to perform can't wait
okay gather this is a charity art
exhibition raising money for homeless
people in New York I didn't know that
hello rise three
Lily
yeah
well that's pretty awesome we've jumped
back in the Nuba we're gonna go and see
the boys again
I think they still haunt up the roof
watching New York at night we found
everyone yeah how is the sunset yeah got
some good shots yes can we do that
spaghetti bowl and we eat suck bit
spaghetti in there
Haden's are still eight-man for jumping
in a cab pop station by Riya
tomorrow back to the hotel so before go
to bed guys I've got two announcements
one little one and one quite big one
little one is well it's not that little
for me but you guys probably don't care
I haven't told you I got verified on
Twitter which is a big deal DICE's look
at that lovely blue tick next to my name
isn't that amazing so that's the little
announcement the big announcement
all kind of big it's a big deal and it's
something I need your guy's help on
basically it's this big massive event
and campaign that Jamie Oliver is
putting on I spoke about it a couple of
months ago he sent me a little video
clip which I'm going to show you now to
explain a bit more dude I hope you're
well man it's Jamie all over here I
don't know where you are in the world
but I hope you have the lovely time and
I miss you and all your positivity and
good vibes okay dude one second rat-boy
can you hold that for me
Food Revolution day 2015 food revolution
date is next Friday May the 15th if I
can just quickly remind you Louis and
all of the people that watch yourself
this is a global petition so it affects
all of the people watching and it's a
petition to make it possible for every
child at primary school to learn how to
grow and to cook and to have fun with
food and we know because we've measured
it that it changes the way those kids
become teenagers and adults and then
look after their kids Louis here's your
challenge man I want you to get a fun
for Louis 10,000 signatures all you have
to do I don't know if you can post this
or if you can Rica Munich ate it but if
they go to change.org forward slash
Jamie Oliver they'll come to the
petition it takes about 45 seconds to
type it out right and then when it says
at the end you want to share it on
Twitter Facebook or whatever do share it
because it's all about signing it and
sharing it but you
to put hashtag fun for Louie is that the
right hash sign oh no sorry hashtag sign
for Louie all right bro so there's your
challenge can you do it can you help and
your viewers help I'll see you live on
the day can't wait to see you safe
travels lots of love until then go on
sign that petition whoa
so thanks Jamie for that and like you
heard guys we need to rally together
when you support this cause because it's
gonna be world-changing we need things
like this to be put in place and to
happen and if we can sign this petition
and work together we can actually make
changes globally so as Jamie challenged
me to get 10,000 of you guys to help
sign this petition I'm going to link it
below we've got I think like a week left
until the big event which I'm going to
be going in to help Jamie with when I'm
back in the UK we're going to be going
in and taking part in like the
livestream that they're putting out in
the studio which is exciting and yeah I
thank you guys for you know getting
involved when I ask help with this but
this is this is really important and if
it doesn't involve any donations or what
actually giving money it's just clicking
through and signing up your name to say
that this is something you believe in
cool
right I'm going to get some sleep
tomorrow's gonna be another super fun
day in New York and peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
