good morning guys it's about 6:00 a.m.
and we're heading out I haven't really
woken up yet
what about string this 5-hour energy
say this wipe down
so I can finally tell you guys what
today is about
and partly why I'm in New York basically
the big announcement is I'm gonna be
working with discovery which means
they're gonna be my YouTube network and
help me find people to partner with and
just make my channel cooler basically
it's gonna may mean that there's going
to be more and more epic stuff I'm doing
bigger adventures their connections that
kind of vibe
so today's event is making that
announcement and talking to big
advertising companies and other people
to explain this thing sico which is the
network I've joined and all the channels
that are part of that and part of the
wider discovery online dish - all kind
of thing and it's gonna be fun I'm gonna
have a little interview show a little
bit about my channel what not - what I
want to be doing and then hopefully find
some cool partners and people to work
with and make those dreams become a
reality so I'm gonna get miked up now
and do a little rehearsal and then in a
couple of hours these seats are all
going to be filled
well I've been editing my vlogs
backstage and people are starting to
arrive at the back there for the event
we've run through a rehearsal people are
learning their lines teleprompter up
there I don't need that stuff which has
been brought some breakfast this is
exactly what I need right now I'm very
hungry
I've got my coffee Hey
the Riverside to fill up we're starting
in 20 minutes
guys it is my time to shine I'm about to
head on to the stage and I've got quite
a big announcement for you guys as well
so hey guys Louie Cole so I'm a fan of
the channel I've watched all of your
videos and I'm often wonderingly
you know what what made you just decide
to just wanted to pick up and hit the
road almost in perpetuity
yeah I guess it's just this this passion
to explore the world to seek out
adventure and just to share that with
people as widely as past you've done a
great job and tell me about flying the
globe so the the latest kind of big
dream is to circumnavigate the globe
I've done a lot of traveling but this
will be a first for me I've got a young
pilot friend who we've been planning
this we're hoping to early next year
here about 22 different countries some
kind of classic destinations but also
places totally off the grid and it's
going to be the first flight of this
kind that's going to be documented as
well as this in terms of social media
new technology we're hoping to stream
stuff yeah nothing like this has been
done before it's super exciting and in a
couple of weeks we're doing a little
prep trip I'm going to Namibia and we're
going to go out hopefully he's going to
teach me how to fly the plane just in
case of emergencies and and we're going
to go and visit some kind of isolated
tribes and stuff at last say on that's
great I wish I had your job
we can't wait to take that journey with
you Louie thank you well the events are
you gosh that was a fun exciting these
guys I've been waiting to tell you about
the world trip and flying with JP you've
seen the previous vlogs New Zealand and
stuff but I will tell you more about it
as as the plans unfolds but super
exciting I'm now heading back south get
some sleep
ah all right guys I'm gonna sleep for a
little bit I'll catch you in about two
hours right we have walked down to the
subway and we're heading downtown to
meet Casey nice nap
I'm kind of working on two hours sleep
Oh God
well without Casey yeah and he's taking
us down to this little sandwich shop
round corner for bait and yeah
yes
Oh my trailer how you doing anyway Casey
yeah yeah we had similar nights he
stayed up with my editing I said
everyone I ever seen a daily blogger you
guys remember Hayden from our road trips
stuff as a year ago yeah Austin Texas
well we had a delicious lunch I'm
satisfied we're now a walk that chases
office and he's invited me to do a
little Q&A on his channel which could be
stoic so three hours of snapchat in a
second
you guys will miss out on that because
I'm like three days behind my blog stays
over back in the studio right there
look somebody said this to me I don't
notice that piece somebody whoever sent
these please let me know it's all these
custom pillows from every Airport I went
to in
Karen
I'm cold they're lovely
right yeah
I'm gonna do the Q&A here a little
locked off camera there classic Casey
the cue of this Q&A is I need Louie to
disappear at some point in time
throughout the shoot so I have to split
screen it so this red piece of tape
still to donate what happened is between
the other notes so Louie don't cross the
red okay I'm just gonna annoy him and
they'd be like so it halfway through the
cue and I asked em pretty well um how's
again Ivy where this is where I'm my
vlog time oh it started the trouble is
vlogger set up with itself city couple
days back so he did a really fun Q&A on
this channel I'll link the video below
cuz he's gonna have it way up way before
I put this video up and if you don't
subscribe to him go check his channel
out super creative uploading daily
amazing guy amazing guy and we'll be
hanging out with him later in the week
we're just come into this camera shop
below Casey's studio and we're just
checking out early or gimbal for the
GoPro this is what jesse has a nose in
Thailand
am i failing tomorrow GoPros a lot on
the horse this would have been good guys
I left my sweater upstairs so I've
texted KCTV can throw it down for me
thanks to her but we're being lazy we're
getting an uber oh crap okay we're good
we're good we're good
thought I broke it then time for more
coffee we're in Brooklyn Brooklyn baby
New York
cops are
we've now wandered down through the
river and the Sun is kind of setting
super chilled evening it's nice I've
enjoyed the weather here the last couple
days it's been warm we've also just met
out with Tim hey Tim sir
saying hi vlog you remember Tim from
Chicago is it yeah last night these you
are now living in New York maybe that's
the place to be maybe we should all live
in New York I don't I live anywhere but
I see myself facing up his little bit I
like it
maybe not in Manhattan I I think
Brooklyn because that is
I got three chili chicken and some
noodles I'm gonna mix this together I'm
hoping this won't get too messy
this bowl is not big enough delicious
dinner that was delicious turn it was
there guys if you ever in West Village
in Manhattan you need to check out this
Chinese place red farm the delicious
incredible nice
so we're chilling in Tim's studio
apartment and I've been lugging these
guys out get my edit up I just had the
worst day today trying to get my edit
done like has not gotten the flow at all
trying to edit during dinner like
earlier when I was out that might have
been fine it up relax
I don't know what we're doing they were
just gonna be chillin chillin for a few
hours and then probably go to bed
we are back in our room Hayden's
crashing over tonight and I'm finally
gonna get some sleep guys I'm super
excited well at this traffic wires now
yeah loud New York's loud yeah but it's
fun I'm looking forward to the next few
days it's gonna be cool
there's fun hanging with KC today yeah
like I said go and check out the QA
going shown some love on his channel
yes videos epic and yeah we're gonna
have some fun this week we're gonna have
fun sleep is important though how many
are some sleep first right I'll catch
you in the morning
peace out enjoy life with you been shot
