hi I'm Grace and I'm Bea and we're from
Scotland and you're watching fun for
Louie
good morning guys it's 9:00 a.m. we
slept out here in this incredible scenic
environment around a campfire and well
now you know eating some breakfast
before we head out on the horses
Mike's making some sandwiches for lunch
today and we're just deciding what to
eat for breakfast because this is all
the food we have till tomorrow morning
so this is going to be dinner as well
cooking up some oats for us Legend and
Dave's getting his horse out to brush
him off
cleanest hooves kind of just learn from
the force of a ship kind of stuff my
name is David Hasselhoff
me getting Sun so clean after our River
escapades yesterday you gotta brush him
down and then yep Mike had a little rest
with a fish last night tilt your head
that way 10 nobody can see this mattered
scratch across his face I wasn't the
bush went a bit far a date last night
and I'll sleep next to him winding him
up that is wait a bit for stabbed in his
sleep I'm just going to feed horses and
apples sliced like a gnome get dusty
ready
yes
no hairdresser this must feel so good
for things you never expect to be doing
on holiday so I finished brushing and
moving dusty now just make boiling some
water to make a little coffee cheers
boys those who's nice and clean like yep
right Steve's the final guy in his horse
brushed up and heaved nice nice you're
prang she's pregnant
tell us a little bit about the breed of
this Hoth Mike breed of this horse yeah
just tell us a bit of fall - cow Spanish
cows and they're exceptional at climbing
climbing ladders
it's raining but it's ok because I have
a cowboy rain jacket check this guy out
we've got back on the horses it's been
quite a long morning of fluffing around
really but we are ready you ready Dave
you boys ready to ride so the whole
morning there's been these lightning
storms happening around the valley and
we've been watching them and Daniel said
if they get too close we have to bring
the horses back because they'll get
spooked by the lightning and also they
make great lightning conductors which
would not be good
so we've had some pretty big lightning
strikes just happening over here behind
us with like a one-second delay or less
before the Thunder hit so it kind of
it's kind of getting a bit close so
we're gonna head back and try and just
keep safe these get my rain jacket on I
think the horses have got a little bit
wet a little bit wet day
yeah but wets better than struck by
lightning yes true Howard oh boys a
little soggy
you can stay we're stopping for a little
snack I've got some cheese bagel Mike
made those sandwiches this morning we're
gonna share around
nice yes yes
guys that was nuts that's the first time
I've actually hit a gallop and yeah it's
quite an experience it's very different
from trotting and actually it's more
comfortable in trying because you can
kind of get in the rhythm easily but AHA
this is these last few days guys oh my
gosh I don't know why I haven't been a
cowboy before now but I feel like I was
kind of born to be a cowboy how'd you
find out Mike
right back at the camp for an incredible
ride all right all right
dusty you did me proud that's it we got
back we survived the thunder and
lightning rain the galloping that was in
saying oh my gosh that was such a good
feeling it was the only time I got to
take the full brakes off I'm just went
Dave's got shorts out his short shorts
and Jeff has shown up and he's taking
the horses away from us
so we're just getting all our stuff out
the trailer setting up camp again before
Jeff goes he's going to teach us how to
use a lassi
all right the horses are all in there
see you later horses by Jeff soft
Daniel's off thanks for everything yeah
incredible see later right we've caught
I can't believe they left this on all
right
where we can are we we're right in the
middle yeah twenty-one thousand acre
ranch and we're just it's our playground
now stop playground where the donkeys on
the catch donkey now the plan is we are
gonna sleep out again under the stars
with a campfire but just in case it
starts raining the night we are putting
these tents up because we don't have the
trailer around tonight so we can't use
that as a back-up plan
we are missing a pole and we can't put
the tent up guys our second problem for
the night is we realized we don't have a
lighter - like the campfire Daniel was
the one with the light last night so
we're rummaging around all the stuff
they left to see if they've left us a
light up we dug down in the fire and
they steal some hot embers from last
night so I think we might be able to do
it we just made fire from nothing
fool out here connecting with nature
look who's arrived it's Bree come save
the day
so Bree has arrived and she is not
convinced that we did the temporaly but
I think she's gonna find out quite
quickly that we did what's the plan over
the ranch okay stay there and shelter so
we decided but all piling in Brees truck
and we're gonna head back to get sleep
and food the fire has been extinguished
Brie's done other work these guys just
chillin drinking beer just before we go
Sommers decided to peek out behind the
clouds and it is gorgeous
we are all getting in the back of Brees
truck yeah man on the roof on the roof
here
we're just checking out our
accommodation for the night since our
campfire spot failed oh yeah sure
all right it's dinner time Bri just
emptied all these chili pots into this
big pot and we're cooking it on this
little barbecue here this gonna be
amazing this looks amazing I can't wait
to do this guys check out this telescope
that Daniel just busted out we're gonna
go and look at the moon through this wow
guys look through the telescope at the
moon
oh my god I can't wait guys a bird just
flew in front of that no joke they'll
it's insane look at the clouds moving in
front of it oh my gosh you may want to
hold this I don't know how to screw it
on because I just it's not one we go up
there we go there Steve chili dog chili
dog oh yes Rob so we finished dinner I'm
now climbing up into my bunk bed oh I'm
gonna get some rest
oh that was the last day of our horse
riding sadly but I've decided I do want
to be a cowboy again at some point very
soon we think he may be South America
like Argentina or Chile or something
doing a couple of weeks next year I'll
be pretty awesome all right I will see
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
