good morning guys
it's bright and early we're in Crete
having had a short stopover here we flew
in like late last night
and you know we're heading to Egypt
today we have to wear these very
official looking shirts when we arrive
late great I like it you do look good
guys it doesn't debut look good no sir
I'm gonna I'm gonna have to put mine on
like as we're coming into lands I don't
really feel like wearing it in the plane
son yeah let's cool
it's very official but yeah before we go
and get the plane and take off it's fine
for a chewed-up coffee
cool alright I'm gonna put this
somewhere easily accessible for when we
land in Egypt the shoulder things baby
and November 2 1 0 kind of already
detecting watching 2 to 5 3 in surrogate
for weekday - then it's flying to Africa
Egypt pretty crazy continent alright
November 2 1 0 holding short of - 7
ready to go it all closed you're
strapped in yeah starts in alright here
we go alright how's that temperatures
pressures are good
our speeds alive
so guys you might be wondering why we
haven't got any cameras on the outside
of the plane today reason being is that
Egypt's are very key of places flying in
with cameras on the outside in case
you're spying or something other day so
if we had to take them all off
there's no nice wing shots today I'm
afraid the beach is just looks so
beautiful down there
dude so Africa man we're there in ten
minutes
oh yeah okay oh yeah I don't know what's
up isn't maintaining the charge or what
is it doing
I think it won't seem exciting the
charge that's good oh I ever cook it oh
yeah oh yeah and the pepper 2 1 0 I can
have up to five miles all right so with
24 miles away and I think that that's
the continent there but it's so hazy I
can't see it it has to be because 25
miles is not far so that has to be it
for these food again
epi less Capulets now like a real real
pirate does
yeah that's because I see a town
at 7,500 feet it's 20 degrees Celsius
oh that is actually insane oh I feel so
legit they can eat it holy
this is awesome
Wow this is fiber Africa the continent I
was born on and lived for 17 years
Wow I flew here okay that that is
actually and it's same Egypt
Wow I've never been here so obviously
you can hear them all unique you just
head south of that you're about to sleep
I'm about to land break it
Egypt that is cool
oh sorry Cobra 1:08 Co uniform on
February 3 inside three three inside sir
a jet baby yeah oh my gosh we have
touchdown
okay guys I've taken the GoPros off the
front further down the back here just
because like I saying earlier Egypt are
particularly keen on cameras rolling
because although I'm sure a lot of
private pilot's do use cameras at their
planes and this film they're just not
used to private pilot's out here and
it's all a bit strange today I'm going
to tell my camera off now and we'll see
you when we get through to the other
side guys we successfully got through
customs and Egypt's we have a stump in
our passport we're now sitting just
waiting for clearance to take off and
then we're heading to another Airport
where we're gonna be staying for a few
days with create epicness a moment ago
two fighter jets took off in the same
runway about a very positive
is this taking a while and we're trying
to be covert just because it's quite
military round this week are nomadic see
alpha also to an away treaty
disregarding for me taxiway alpha hot
shot three three you ready yep yeah
air ball
it's crazy to me to think we left
Austria yesterday morning like it
doesn't feel real this is so different
and like taking a commercial flight you
would think much of it yeah but you're
seeing everything progress and change
here it's like being on a road trip
it feels more like I'm in a car than
I've had a decent yellow with 7 minutes
away
two ones there at uniform I'd like to do
over for communication October 3rd why
are they keeping me so high I am
literally over the airport hey we're
strapping cuz it might get pretty really
gonna get copy yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
this is gonna be here interesting
landing t10 uniform just confirming at
the left downwind 4:01 I become one way
v1
yeah and it took Tovar I'll get these
old airplanes just covered in dust well
that's crazy well look what the hell
along with him sitting there no idea oh
my gosh it's like a airplane graveyard
is Eddie yep
all right turn to grab our bags this is
where we're parking up a few days
I've just put a little cover around the
windows just to protect it from any sand
damage or a wind damage and maybe the
heat as well stop things cooking inside
before we head off to our hotel and
check in we're gonna go and check out
some of these these planes it's kind of
like playing graveyard they're
surrounding us but what was he saying it
was so many planes abandoned here the
general aviation industry God can't like
close down pretty much it became illegal
to to fly general aviation here in 2013
so overnight it's pretty crazy
yeah oh by the way guys this is Eddie
he's been helping us with our trip
around the world
he's like a master at global trip
organizing serve any of you want to fly
around the world you need to give him a
call he's like the ultimate support guy
with a committed partner and Eddie
helped Matt with his trip back in
whenever it was two dozen
so skinny how are you producing milk for
babies oh my gosh we're getting attacked
by puppies
hey you're bold one
check this out
look at all this day I got its rust I
guess they've just been sitting here for
four years and untouched all right we'll
be back here in a few days
we are settled our hotel it's been a lot
of air flying but I feel pretty pumped
to be in Egypt it was yeah it was a
really special moment with JP as we
arrived in Africa having flown here all
the way from North America like
California heading up through Canada
Greenland Iceland Scotland and Ruth to
England Germany Austria and then just
hammering it from from Austria to pray
and then Crete this morning all the way
to Egypt has been the most insane trip
so far just been a whirlwind absolute
whirlwind and I'm struggling just to
like keep up not just with the vlogs but
just processing it always been yeah I
thought three months would feel like
would have you know plenty of time just
to kind of take it all in but not at all
I think we should have done this trip
over a year in all honesty and ever use
helping his planet as said today he just
thinks the fact that we see ourselves an
end date and we're trying to have an end
baby just says it's not what you want
for a round-the-world trip ideally which
is a shame but anyway it's planned now
and yeah it's gonna be cool
the next few days needed to be really
cool I guess that's why I have to do is
just focus on where we are and what
we're doing that day so tomorrow we are
gonna go out and see the pyramids if
you've been a long-term deal you
would've remembered back in 2013 I think
I went to Egypt with my family I came
here
so the pyramids and bread and camels and
those are cool things of that so we're
going to be doing the kind of classic
touristy stuff JP wants to see the
pyramids tomorrow and then there
hopefully before we fly out of here
we'll get some to meet some locals and
you know have a good chat and fill up
some clips and interviews for the
documentary yeah I'm feeling I'm feeling
really happy I'm really happy to be here
and I'll catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
