hi I'm John and I'm Maggie we're here in
sunny New York and you're watching fun
for Louie boom
we have a cabin full of people it's
still early they're sleeping we're gonna
go see what's up it's chilly it is it
gives a little cold huh let me out of
this blanket oh boy yeah
let's make a fire this way before all
right motivation I like this oh yeah
let's blanket you up until that fires
gone on the wait guys on the wake it's
bright and early Mike is making a fire
oh hey breezy lazy and her nice warm
sleeping bag I think maybe there's some
coffee on the girl I don't know I heard
rumors is it time to wake up the boys
Mike yeah get them broke it I'm talking
to the madam word
but you might have to join in and this
one
I don't know how successful your wake-up
cool was Mike they're just chilling
still before we head off today we need
to sort out smaller bags for taking the
horses because we can't all carry-on
luggage so I'm like sorting out my
cameras at the moment we're just trying
to figure out best ways to shoot we're
gonna do some GoPro shots and big
cameras mike has got the best head mount
ever this is the dog mounting a GoPro
we're gonna grab some breakfast quickly
before we go maybe a cheat a little
pancake well guys it is an incredible
morning we're about to set off but I
just wanted to show you this landscape
we're in because we arrived so late last
night didn't actually see where we were
or we didn't even see where we were I
love this whole cabin vibes it's been
incredible we're doing two days now with
no electricity and probably no internet
so it's to be interesting
Steve are you ready
Skiba
so Adams off back to Santa Fe with the
other girls and we're jumping in a Bree
now to get the horses and we're running
a little bit late
I got it the energies in the West Indies
we have stopped off a few snacks all
road trip we've come in a store two boys
and sandwiches
Mike's hat was left on the roof and he's
just pulling into the road get it Mike
get it Boston College one heck yeah
slowly slowly slowly get that happen get
that close that close up yeah
drive-by hat rescue drive-by hat rescue
we've arrived at ghost branch running a
little bit late we're ready to roll
hey man hey creature I'm Jeff Louie
Louie nice to meet you look that's me
yeah this is Brice and Daniel cool we
don't yell nice to meet you yeah both
right brie has got me some chaps these
are these are gonna come around my PC
good night I don't know these before oh
my gosh wait wait
the modern cowboy on the other every one
introduced their horses that's right
what's your name boy Sancho Sancho yes
dusty Dusty dusty Bridges all right
these boys already on its jump on my
horse dusty just lift yourself up gently
there you go
so we now have a five hour trek through
these canyons apparently once we get to
the road it's like open country we can
just like ride alongside each other
maybe
how you find this man why we're coming
we're just figuring out this whole
trotting thing come on now boy
understand it's all about counteracting
the de bumping up and down
once we've nailed this we're gonna move
on to a canter and then hopefully gallop
all this goes like a canter wrap it see
if you ditch your bag yeah yeah feeling
that oh just unreal you loving this Mike
these river crossings are insane guys
go come on yeah
that's right
goodbye
going too careful of the fence
so this isn't a usual trail or is there
you guys are actually the first to come
out with a sauna
yeah well guys it's getting a bit hot
yeah the rucksack is very comfortable
staying speaking out it's genius thing
I'm just hit them arm through my like
wait for the other arm trapped in my way
he's just chin above myself feel a lot
more free now lunchtime pretty awesome
spot for a picnic
we're about to get back on the horses
but we've decided this is such an epic
scenery that we're going to do a little
Instagram photo for Mike's account
natural Mike so we're going to go ride
the horses over to that Ridge over there
and then he's gonna gonna stand over
here with his horse and this hat yes
Mike how's that Mike is that freeing
yeah yeah
donkeys chillin over there
get there yeah that's it
wrangle those donkeys you did well I'm
impressed with your wrangling skills so
this is the camp spot that we're camping
in tonight but we've decided we're gonna
go down to the lake down here for a few
hours so we're just gonna take the
horses down they're gonna have a little
drink some of the boys decided to go for
a swim in the lake we might watch the
sunset it's all good there's donkeys
again you're gonna go get them again
very wrangle those donkeys Bray
they've got three words some other day
so thanks dusty
go get a break
yes so their horses the dump of the day
you have done a good job does that feel
better feel better and are heading back
and we're out here on horses we're
camping out here we laid out our beds
start a little campfire this is just
incredible this is a dream so the Sun is
saying we are kind of snuggling up for
the night I've got the best edit station
ever left they'll camp fire out the
wilderness get my blog editor to you
guys for about two cooks and sausages
it's pretty awesome
ready but this time sausage time oh yeah
you happy Dave the fire is blazing
we are cozy in our sleeping bags check
this out yes we are sleeping outside
tonight under the stars although there's
not a lot of stars but there's a cool
moon a moon huh and yeah this has been
like I said earlier this is definitely
one of the best days of my life
and I'm pretty sure tomorrow it's gonna
be another one of those best days ever
so we'll see you then
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
