good morning guys today is my birthday
and I have had a chilled morning so far
just finishing off an edit I slept well
last night and we just want to make some
plans for today good news is steve
bourie is in town he's been doing some
touring around the USA we're meeting up
with him this afternoon and then I think
the plan is we're gonna try and find a
jazz night let me celebrate this evening
we're gonna find a jazz night hitch yeah
so we're gonna head down for Venice
Beach good to bring this bad boy I want
to take us up for a spin again during
the day and I want to see what Steve
things as well
so we've arrived down in Venice and
we're gonna stop at intelligentsia which
is the best coffee in LA for a little
afternoon coffee and I think Steve's
about to arrive as well what a perfect
day for a birthday river right down at
the beach about get this bad boys go in
right has a safety you've been cruising
around for a while everywhere sick man
so good see heaps of time what are you
saying about that pieces bitch didn't it
similar to New York you like that
Steve's going the electric skateboard
and he's off my bro he's the one
are you sickening it's weird being down
here without my penny boss to do that
walk around
got a little coffee cheers me she says
yes boom I just bought a couple of new
desktop
that's the still coffee down
I've just climbed up onto one of these
lifeguards beach huts and we're just
going to chill here watch the sunset
you write down there Steve
you can't write that guy here no can you
get some little insta bashes I see is
gonna do a little running slide down
this this ramp it with we've covered it
in sand yeah go for it man you're gonna
stack so bad yo
these guys jumping in with Paul I'm
gonna jump in Steve's car we're gonna
cruise together
coming let's roll well we managed to
find some inflation jazz tonight and
we've just arrived with ordering some
food these guys have just got up and
they're about to bust out some tunes
just got dinners the incisions I've got
the gay polonaise that's right and
birthday cake around
so we are back from the Jazz night which
actually tend to be a bit of a Motown
funk blues qualified as well anyway
we're back at stores and Steve is having
his first ever go on the massage chair
but you ain't ready for this bro
is it good yeah ready for this it's not
gonna like squeeze me is it what should
I do like a preset one Swedish yeah okay
did it go in yet yeah oh yeah can feel
my back you feel that yeah this is
amazing in it yeah I didn't know they
made them this big it's so good back to
the games back to the game what are you
doing Lee we are playing Mortal Kombat
in the gruesome death I'm your killer
bro
yes I can tell like that's the move from
hey what are you doing what ya round to
you write something about right
oh my god oh my god well guys it's time
to get to bed
we've had a good night playing computer
games watching crazy documentaries and
now Stephen me it's chilly on the
surface and I've been chatting about
life and catching up and I'll catch you
in the morning I haven't even told you
guys what we're doing for my birthday so
obviously we've had this day hanging out
Venice Beach and stuff but tomorrow me
and Steve are flying to Albuquerque in
New Mexico where we're gonna meet Dave
who's flying from San Francisco to meet
us and also Mike natural Mikey met in
Canada he is meeting us there as well
fly from the UK and the four of us
Desperados we are going on a three-day
cowboy style horse Trek after recent
times in Canada and South Africa where I
was kind of loving the horse trekking
we've organised his horse trek into
canyons we're gonna be staying in cool
cabins and pretty much living the dream
I can imagine kind of the whole cowboy
thing see how it goes I'm hoping for
some campfires and you know it's gonna
be a little bit colder than like ideal
but it's still gonna be amazing
we're gonna have an incredible adventure
and yeah it's all in aid for my my
birthday and I'm glad I can get four or
three of my closest friends and we can
do this together
it's gonna be amazing but I will catch
you guys in the morning
and we'll be flying out peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
