I'm keen auntie Nadia I'm in West Java
Bandung Indonesia and you are watching
fun for Louie peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure good morning guys
this is our last day in Vietnam and I've
come down to the lobby to say goodbye to
a couple of people and it's sad it's
always Saturday into continued trips
Jaime's of Ali's fil-a so let's check
out my room and I am chilling in Alexa's
room because he's not written out for
tomorrow
I'm getting some editing done I'm making
myself a little coffee they were
interesting coffee it's not the best
quality but you know it does the job
alright the next wave of people leaving
to the airport willing Arden till that
well the zebra yeah you seem nice fly
but just in general hit it out it's been
amazing
yeah it's been nice traveling with these
guys they're amazing to cover with and
we're gonna plan sport trips they
comment below there's places you want us
to go yeah we just do it and it as usual
going send them some love on their
videos incredible guys inspirational
have good travels till later it's come
for that sad time of the trip where I
have to leave a few people still these
girls still here it's been a pleasure
it's been amazing
oh and Jax has just got Twitter guys
need to go fuller into it our link below
and obviously Instagram and and we've
persuaded her to start a YouTube channel
so she'll be starting that as well
and obviously you've been following
Chloe's shenanigans
by its wrong you got it
okay cool I don't know hell the other
guy job I'll see him around
get in here
thank you
Thanks I've arrived to the airport and I
need to check in I can check in online
and I've got a flight to Taiwan and then
from Taiwan to LA and I'll be arriving
tonight even though it's gonna be super
long flight I've got a very long day
today I'm flying over the National time
line well I finally got through to the
departure gate guys that was absolute
nightmare basically just start with I
went to check in and she was like oh you
can't take your rucksack - carry on I
was like yes I can trust me I've been
flying around the world for years and
it's got my laptop and cameras in I'm
not checking it in anyway she just
wouldn't she wouldn't take it she was
like nope not checking you in so I was
like screwed couldn't even pay for an
upgrade or anything so I did take a
little bit cheeky I basically took my
bag hid around the corner the different
check-in counter and then I was like
yeah I've only got this one back and
they're like cool check that check in my
clothes bag and then they were like all
the problem like you haven't got like
good
from the state slow and against la you
haven't burst my outgoing vitamin stage
so needed to check enough money and I
didn't have a credit card and then they
had to check my bank balance they've had
enough buddy device flight from the US
and had to sign a waiver saying I
wouldn't blame China but anyway believe
Yasko managed to get through with my
rucksack and it's all good
and we're boarding in about 45 minutes
I let of trouble with the Internet in
the departure lounge I was trying to
upload an Instagram for a flu but didn't
didn't happen one video to finish and
then two more today from scratch in the
next two lights
I have landed in Taiwan and I've got
seven minutes until when exploit for
having to
try and find out what gate on that I
also have a token to upload but I have
an idiot rendered my video yet don't
know that's gonna happen
I said guys this is my gate over here
boarding for LA and thankfully the
internet speeds in Taiwan are very fast
so we've got ten minutes from my upload
and I think I think we're going to make
it right we did it you did it guys on to
the flight thank you
well I'm very happy with how that will
turn now I wish to post an Instagram and
a vlog now I've just got two blogs to
edit on the next flight and I just tried
to Sawyer as well he's gonna pick me up
from LAX which would be nice
check out these flat screens
humming perfect
go check out myself this is amazing this
window
Wi-Fi on board
like it
Gide LAX have just installed like a new
passport system when you go in you scan
your possible on a computer like a
machine takes you photo scans your
fingers all super quick add the whole
process took like two minutes is
absolutely incredible
I'm kind of in disbelief that I just
come into the u.s. through customs in
two minutes
just be ridiculous
such a nice thing usually I'm standing
for hours waiting
that's brilliant well done well done
America knowing the truth is my luggage
come
so Sawyer was going to come and meet me
here but it's a lot easier if I just
travel over to his house so I've ordered
my stuff just wait in seven minutes
right all right he was here I've arrived
look who it is these boys back with the
family
oh yeah right it's a little it's to stop
the wind don't single mouse how you boys
do it anyway it's off crazy it's almost
a good time because we just start
playing Minecraft again like yeah this
is going to be like how it was two years
ago when you started finding yeah right
from the beginning this is gonna be an
amazing few days so it are you excited
lonely that's all this my girlfriend's
dog hey he's special
please hit pitch
these guys are playing video games now
I'm just chilling in the Masters chair
well guys I'm finally gonna get a full
night of sleep I'm just gonna sleep
until I wake up I think things get up
for I'm just chilling and that concludes
one of the most tiring creeps in my life
but also what I'm most awesome
also guys if you haven't seen them yet
and the team filming with us for the
week for contiki have made an awesome
set of videos from each day and I'll
link the playlist below and go and check
all those videos out by incredibly shot
and and yeah I mean there's not much
more to say than just epic epic epic
week and I will catch you over the next
couple days as I'm just chillin in LA in
cash and other people and yeah it's my
birthday soon real soon
cool peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
