hi I'm Megan and you're watching fun for
me
good morning Vietnam we are jumping on
the couch we're going for a little city
tour and then we've got another
challenge this morning
good check out this cool poster here is
your coffee
guys look what they drew on the lid of
my coffee that is so accurate bags
working you're going to start you're
gonna start a new trend that's the right
idea
we all need one of these fans I'm gonna
sit this one out
so we wake the finish line congratulate
the winning team I think I think it's
think it's my team yeah go team
bye-bye
thing hey you know second place is good
as well don't worry about it in which
year for North Vietnam and stuff Vietnam
reunified chill for half an hour and
they were heading up lunch I think I've
successfully stolen a pillow from the
hotel without them telling me off I'm
thinking and we've got to our coach
right this will be a necessity to get a
little bit sleep
so this restaurant does traditional
Vietnamese food
thank you
chicken farm
Thank You coconut ice cream I think
there was a whole clove of garlic light
in my food because my mouth tastes very
garlicky right now
so I've got the back right I'm gonna
take a little nap once we take this to
our journey to the next place
see you when we get mad all right we've
been right after nice little journey
I slept quite well kind of I don't know
I sleep surprisingly well and moving
vehicles someone's like a lay down flat
alright I'll just find out where we are
and then let you know what is this place
what
this is crazy
fajita guy you arrived the couch eternal
so one of the important I know for the
Vietcong during the Vietnam War so well
tunnel during the French war and the
Vietnam War is about 250 kilometer long
of the tunnel around hundred fifty-five
miles so as you heard the coochie
tunnels and hopefully we're going to get
to explore inside I think they're very
very small which isn't good for me to
them I'm pretty big you don't want to
stray off the path I think we tunnels
because they haven't discovered if
there's more of you trapped out in the
jungle and stuff we're gonna show you
guys some traps coming up in here we
have one of these stickers engine to
become good years we'll get into the
tunnel can see where there this area
what I'm gonna try to fit in this tiny
tiny thing make sure you turn left when
you get down to the bottom I mean this
tiny tiny tunnel guys you had close to
five yeah you could no be in it
what was that Wow
the shell batter yo man how you doing
whoa loads of them come in look at them
oh yes so many bad come on please so
many bats down there did you call the
bats are flowing forcement they're not
hanging it all around in their condo
unit is an immediate dead end you need
to take a right by pi v le i would not
have known how to go I know
so they do a jab to against the American
soldier when they walk into the jungle
what he found is this is this poisonous
that I think is super poisonous that's
what I asked he said it's not but I feel
like there might be see let man it's
like a window be when it opens you die
the vehicon wore these sandals and they
fit them they sworn that way but it
tricks people because it looked like the
footprint was going that way to collect
clever deception
we are going down into another tunnel we
said this one's been widened and it's a
little light snow as well oh yeah this
is this is chilled hidden well
buthe ducking out be coming for the
adventure yeah like Indiana Jones even
address women have seen babies down here
Gina I'm impressed
so there's a section of tunnels where
you have a little break him stand up oh
and this little breathing hole here oh
this is intense guys gonna help you live
under 30 years this would be really
through here and you definitely can
stuff the shrimp claustrophobia it's a
really one watching that just could not
do this is there anyone watching that's
got extreme claustrophobia oh it's
probably raining Oh guys it's raining
it's raining
which way
oh it's getting really bad right now we
pumped into the hotel suited up and we
had our dinner and then a nice bar nice
nice bar
but tonight we are celebrating Chloe
hitting a million subscribers on YouTube
yeah we are we just doing that are you
excited
dinner has arrived
I've got combo number five which is I
don't know spicy beefy stuff we got
bacon and cheese skewers and onion rings
I think I seduced combination to dinner
tonight relax dinner hilarious
conversation we are now heading to a bar
just over the celebration Chloe and
Jamie are having a bit of a tiff because
Jamie was naughty earlier I was about to
piss my pants and she got out in level
seven I got out in level nine well
that's what I need to get out as she
left she pressed level eight
so me in my fasting state my bladder was
about to burst
so you're declaring war you're declaring
war
it's 1:00 a.m. now we've walked at the
hotel I still got to edit it and sleep
and then go out to 9:30 because we're
going on a mission Jamie where we going
tomorrow the Mekong Delta
these ladies tired lurch she's tired hey
guys it's 5:00 a.m. I haven't even
finished my edit almost I almost have I
think the problem with these kind of
trips is you're surrounded with awesome
people you want to spend as much time
with people as possible so I got back
from the night out hung out bonding
chatting and then you're like oh I do
need to edit but you know relationships
are more important than videos I don't
know it's a tough one I also like that
as the trips gone on over this week I
have got a lot closer to everyone that's
come along and some people I didn't even
know that's been nice but I have
definitely been sleep-deprived and a lot
of you have been commenting I should be
sleeping more and you are right I should
be but when this trip is over I'm just
gonna like sleep for a couple of days I
think anyway I see in the morning for
some more adventures in Vietnam peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
