hello my name is near pam i am from
kitchener canada ontario and i'm
currently in a forest close to that
river right there grand river and you're
watching fun for Louie boom Wow just
landed in London I got like hour and a
half sleep properly
bit all right surprisingly the ROI
looking forward to seeing one mum who I
am hoping he's other way to come and
collect me so I stopped my mom hey mom
how's it going
it's nice to be back that's me
definitely quite nice day right on back
home hey Darcy we just picked up dog see
from a niche down one one of your first
exams yeah how did the guy right I mean
considering I was fast asleep sounds
like my whole life oh well guys I I'm
gonna sleep for a little bit still quite
early okay I'm gonna sleep like an hour
and a half have a little power nap and
then get back up again for some lunch
it's afternoon with my mum and Darcy
catching a bit well I slept all
afternoon oh I'm gonna go get some lunch
oh I slept like four hours so it's now
identify my dad but yeah yeah yeah
dinner outside and Mama's cooked so
chili con carne look how nice it is
absolutely this is just such a lovely
thing to come back to
dinner is over i'm now heading out my
friend Nick we gosh you're gonna go and
see a group called ugly duckling from LA
and they like this old school hip hop
group that actually use some of their
tracks my videos over the years so
they're performing in Cambridge so we
could drive off the cambridge tonight
which is a bit of a mission i'm excited
right till later yo man good bro how's
life Nick I'm loving this weather yeah
it's good weather and you're looking
cool let me say away away hello are you
doing cheers Nick I'm doing well just
got back from somewhere new york i saw
your tweet he got the flavor forgot what
country using so we are finally right in
cambridge after a good little driving
stint from neck hold on bro sup man I
would be driving but you know last time
I drove next car crashed it so we won't
talk about that yes there are in
cambridge now and we're going to grab a
little bite to eat because we've got a
while to the guys are on and then i'll
introduce you to the whole group ugly
duckling they're awesome guys we just
pumped into andy but it's five guys time
got our burgers all that's waiting we
got a few uh yeah I got them yeah well
you got sick gosh I don't know whether
this is your one but okay further I go
out look at this though this is funny
really so we've got a price they're
looking here that's the extra fries they
gave us extra extra I just realized this
is like second dinner tonight I guess I
haven't eaten all day how we gonna eat
so we've been chillin backstage with
ambien dizzy yo and we are about the
head there rather start let's say we're
about to find somewhere to chill out the
audience looking forward to it
I have to warn you we are ugly duckling
we are a low-budget outfit we have no
drums we have no guitars don't trombones
no trumpets we can afford none of these
things all we have our two turntables
what mixer in our DJ here young Einstein
this is all we are we appreciate your
prize for young Einstein but he's really
not done anything yet so I would hold
off till we finish this segment now this
is your first ever time visiting
Cambridge's and not Cambridge the
world-famous home to learn gentlemen are
you ready to show that you belong in a
city like this you ready Ike's tired
let's get it going now Feinstein to do
his thing he likes encouragement so why
do people in the place tonight would you
help me say I fatigue sneakers in the
background
okay I'm psychic off the rock
I
e to the I to the zine Tennessee watch
to the teacher than you do the answer
the team to the high end is give them
again who's got my back when Einstein
tri-x the man behind the mask of it a
fool like a flap about an island off
rocks or if you've ever gone over a
little bit and that's to have a black
shirt off her back 07 with all access
think about the wac going to be allowed
me growling gonna rock I'm getting a
bigger much bigger music
great this is just an exercise with all
the typical drama I'll make all the
money Jake know your drum I get all of
the girls pictures town no you don't
know you don't know you don't do I enjoy
an underground white hip-hop old fool
trio from Los Angeles because I wanted
to rap I wanted to meet girls that's it
is dude I got this busy know where
you're at least gonna sing too far as I
can sit with the girls like Bobby I want
you here I can do it I can do it this is
a good lie
would you make a little noise how about
laughing the right matches the light
right tonight his man
last the mummies
how did it go ND well did you enjoy it
the entire time we've been about money
nobody through it so yeah no tomatoes so
I like it I like your little comedy
action stage as well like hurt a bit
humor in the Monday nights and give a
lot of opportunity my level or kind of
interplay with the audio yeah yeah laugh
and joke and I think they appreciate it
the important part is by the end of the
show they're excited so the start might
be a little slow so guys like I said
before I use a lot of these guys tunes
in my videos you would have recognized a
lot tonight I'm gonna link their stuff
below go and check out all their website
their music itunes all that stuff going
showing some love ya happy yeah you ever
do guys you have shown us in love
because these guys inspirational i love
that music so much and they're doing it
Oh guys if you where you got Germany
yeah yeah okay if you live in Germany
these guys are going there next and
torso i'll link their tour dates below
their website where is it on your
website or days website below go check
out
you
google
stop drop a little service station for
some snacks that all seems pretty close
to me
nothing cooked anyway
we found food in starbucks we basically
ready to starbucks everything they have
I've got a cheese toastie a sausage
sahni a little yoga pretty thing berry
crunch you'll be proud of me guys I got
a decaf latte because I probably want to
go to sleep with a about yet no good
sleeping pad but you're there Nick
healthy eating salad Louis he's got some
doesn't frequent dessert I got a very
speeding yoga is also good for you yeah
nice pep perfect thing for one am snack
yeah price one well it turns out even
though it's quite warm during the day
it's very nippy at night here I'm not
used to cold temperatures and they
aren't been in cold weather since Canada
and I was prepared I had a coat and
scarves and gloves them Oh get that here
not
we are back and nick has done a good job
driving i was dozing off there on the
way home in broke its be manly it's been
an amazing night and i'll see you if not
later in the week i'll see you next time
yeah man you seen sweet bye buddy right
bedtime I am definitely feeling the jet
lag well I am tomorrow guys funny story
i have to get my passport updated well I
to get a new password basically because
in 10 months I have failed every single
page well apart from like two pages of
my passport with stamps because I've
been traveling so much in less than a
year so I have to get another passport
and I'm going to get like her an
extended passport with extra pages so
this doesn't happen again anytime soon
so I've got trek up to London so all
that out and yeah I probably get some
other mischief awesome in London tonight
tomorrow right yeah I'm not making any
sense I'm gonna get some sleep I will
catch you in the morning peace out enjoy
life and let the adventure boom
