good morning guys it's 5:30 that's right
I haven't slept and we're heading off to
see some monks how you feeling this
morning well how did you go sleep
horribly
so the reason we have come to visit the
monks is to pay your arms to them which
means we are going to be offering food
to them because why understand a part of
Buddhism is relinquishing any material
ownership of things I guess including
food so it's kind of an offering that we
we make this morning kind of a new
experience of me I've just been handed
these flowers I think this is gonna be
one of our gifts at the monks so we're
all chillin on the floor and waiting for
the monks to come up in this direction
and we've been told when we sit and we
can't have our feet in front of us we
can't have our feet facing the monks
with the put them behind we sit
cross-legged
well that's quite fascinating experience
i am i guess it's but if nyob their into
other people's lives and how they choose
to live and just the dedication to get
give up all material possessions and and
rely on others to feed you yeah it's a
big thing it's a big thing it's
breakfast time and this is an incredible
feast like one of the biggest broken
breakfast buffets and everything so no
it's done
and there you go well I had a lovely
breakfast hillock of M asam B now guys I
was awake this morning but the body's
starting to starting to shut down
I don't know what I'm gonna do I don't
know where I'm gonna sleep
we arrive at the airport and we're just
two chicken in now and my plan is when
we get through to the gate I'm just
going to sleep on the floor for a little
bit so we board
the plan
Louie
if thought about going to Cambodia
I'm just writing on the wall some raisin
alley is putting like inanimate objects
on sleeping Louie
which isn't very fun for Louie
this chip a charger about to be a phone
case I think this will be the this will
do it
nice one
well I had a little nap I won't up to
get up the plane we are now heading to
Cambodia never be to Cambodia before
another country took a coin lift
and I got good see look this is my seat
yeah one a that's fantastic that's a
great seat
so it turns out I forgot we were
stopping in Bangkok first that we were
fly straight to Cambodia but right it
stopped in a banquet yeah now we are
going on to our transfer flight the next
gate where we're then going to come back
I've decided it's probably about time to
wake up so I've got a coffee and we are
sitting around for a group viewing of
the first Contiki episode yeah so we
think of to hanging out on airports all
day
I have finally woken up I don't feel too
bad actually
I think those little pockets of sleep
I've had throughout the morning have
actually given me a bit more rest I'm
going to sleep so well tonight
these flights pretty sure I was like
feels like it's less than an hour thank
you
and
Maria
whoa whoa and very warm welcome to the
kingdom of Cambodia
H to the hotel a bit peckish on the dirt
I think everyone else grab lunch of the
the other
welcome to come bode everybody how was
the flight it was it good yeah great
well here we are in Siem Reap and we
have an exciting evening ahead of us
we're going to be doing another
challenge tonight we have arrived at the
hotel
it looks pretty nice well guys I've just
been resting up in my room get some work
done and actually skipped lunch today
I think on my body was confused because
of a lack of sleep I've been getting
I've just come down to the lobby and I
think we're planning let's go up some
dinner we've got another challenge as
well today should be exciting I'm
jumping in this little motorbike taxi
I don't know this isn't up dogs it's
literally like a moped with like this
little trailer to Stratton back there we
can fit two more people
high-five hey Jamie
I'm gonna be honest about this challenge
I think thing I'll go get chance of
winning we're gonna find out what the
challenge is now uux are you gonna eat
like the crazy stuff you ready are you
gonna eat anything crazy well the road
trip you guys excited yeah pub street
and you guys might have seen
nice challenge to you all about food and
tipping out of your comfort zone and I
personally believe you're not one of the
number one things in our travel is
trying something new right this is the
easy dish and this is the hard dish so
we get more money muffler
look at these guys oh yeah the once you
got past that I'm so proud of you I'm
actually proud of everyone everyone did
it right the next dish has been served
she just put them all in her mouth she
just put them all in her mouth
I feel like Jamie's gonna win this one
there you go six
if you finish it yet ten points if
you're the first to finish it but the
hands-on had an i-beam you have finished
enough how do we finish it do we have to
eat
that's place that's Tyson how do you
feel after that tell us what it was like
that was probably the hardest woman I
actually gagged a little bit yeah I saw
you well that was a fun night
bit of a blast from the past with the
old food flurry stuff I'm glad though I
won one of you guys a free Kentucky trip
those of you that voted for me on the
Contiki website anyway I'm gonna get
some sleep because we've got another 5
a.m. staff which is ridiculous what it
means is I'm either not sleeping or I'm
not getting my videos up so I've chosen
to sleep tonight and I haven't been out
to get my video uploaded for you guys
but I will just be a short delay I can't
do another day wiped out with no sleep
I'm afraid but yeah it should be pretty
stunning we are going to angle what
which is like the oldest temple in Asia
and we're going to go there for sunrise
so I will catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
