three wires cracked at this time usually
my coffee okay okay okay guys I think we
got it right so welcome to you this is a
little coil thing we're trying guys
today
tell me so today we are doing video I
haven't really done one of these before
we didn't love advice one but this I've
opened up to just any any type of advice
I'm not saying that we have the best
advice but and righty but yeah I think
previous live streams have done they're
a bit more like Q&A and stuff so
hopefully this all you know we were just
try something different
hopefully this normally we're like
answering questions about ourselves in
our lives
this way we can like you guys can ask or
like right asking and there's a spectrum
of questions that we've already kind of
got on Twitter at alignment and then
we'll start asking something the
comments but some pretty deep so I think
we should start off a bit lighter and
then maybe we can touch them some of the
deeper more kind of heaviness subjects
which I think it's important to talk
about I don't always feel like I had the
best advice in certain situations though
he tried cool ok so first thing we're
being asked was what could you do
I'm not gonna make names in case like
they're like personal things gates what
should you do if you want to discover
the world but you have the biggest
anxiety to go into the unknown now I've
got friends that have anxiety I
personally haven't really suffered from
it
but I feel like something that can help
is taking small steps so maybe just
going somewhere nearby somewhere very
familiar but you know you can try some
new things and then once you've kind of
bit bill up a bit confidence to do that
you can then kind of stretch confidence
to the next step so taking small steps
don't jump in the deep end even like if
you're going to another country choose
one that isn't too unknown like if
you're from Europe maybe go to another
year and country versus like going to
Asia
thing that's like totally culturally
different just yeah yeah something
that's not won't would be a huge shock
to your system and if you've got friends
family try to travel with people that
feel familiar to you so it's not just
like everything's changing all that
one's yeah that's that yeah that's the
other bit was just having someone there
with you helps a lot it's kind of taking
on the burden and there's a lot of
amazing youtubers they have talked about
things I need that yeah because we don't
experience it so we don't really have
specific advice on that but Zoe I know
there's some really good videos so right
the next one so this is someone saying
would you know how to help with trying
to find a passion for something and
they're saying I have things I love but
I'm not passionate about anything how do
you do it this is tough for me because I
think I've always had things I'm
passionate about I think because I've
moved so much it was like I was always
trying new things literally I was always
playing different sports and taking
different classes and trying new things
and I think it's just about embracing
that because and I've done a whole video
on this as well and there's too much
pressure on you have to find one passion
that your whole life revolves around and
like you're spending you and the rest of
your life chasing that one passion and
if some people do know today that's
amazing but some people will never have
that and that's okay as well and it's
just about trying new things and finding
little things that you like it might not
be one thing that you love more than
anything else it might be a bunch of
little things and trying to figure out
how you can do a combination of things
as your career is a hobby whatever I
don't think everyone has one passion
that their whole life revolves around
and that's okay I think that adding to
that I think start with pursuing things
that you are passionate or feel you like
you really love doing things
one day and that helps you exercise this
operating out of the place of what
you're you know or your heart saying
they'll never be explained myself right
I think sometimes we can get so stuck in
thinking what we should be doing or
often even we passion think or what
would be a good thing to be passionate
about I'd say don't disqualify you can
be passionate about whatever like
volleyball or it can be like drawing or
be Liebling it could be anything that
you find a passionate leader in fashion
freaks you out
you enjoy makes you happy what you're
doing I've got a story from about my
friend Rob he's like a bigger role model
in my life and he said he had this
problem where he felt he was stuck in
life and then he kind of some of the
advice in just one of your heart what is
it saying be the wildest weirdest
craziest thing and that will unlock this
ability to kind of pursue and he just
really wanted to go back to his family
home in the UK and swim naked in his
family's swimming pool which is like a
crazy thing but he said as soon as you
went back and did that and that action
have actually just finding something you
want to do it could be crazy doing it it
unlocks this process of like continuing
to find things you want to be doing and
loving and then I'll also say in terms
of fear your passion to be anything I
mean hopefully positive hopefully it's
not harming other people but it could be
anything and just in the just in the way
that you live passionately again with
your life or what you're doing then that
can be contagious of people that can
impact people even if they're not do
jesting about this
you could love doing puzzles people but
I feel like that can be contained Center
being around one's passionate
enthusiastic person has a massive impact
on those around you so anyway smooth Dex
and just try new things like try tons of
new stuff throw yourself into every day
doing something new and finding little
things that you like okay we're still a
twist by the way how many looked in
their youtube comment comments yet but
it's the lows fly again and then we do a
few actually guys if you get a chance to
scroll through these people are giving
advice as well so someone said here
never stop chasing your dreams because
sometimes what we need is just one more
step use every excuse you can to stay
motivating to keep yourself working hard
remember failure is not an option and
then they might fully agree on the
failure not being an option because
often failure helps us learn to succeed
and I think a lot of my life is based on
trial and error where I will don't be
scared to fail I think failure it's
never ends I guess that's that's what
you'll be saying down make sure you can
get up again anyway back to Twitter if
you on Twitter because it takes too long
to read there's so much exists fly
Melissa plan to go over to my Twitter
and we'll be answering from there so
college it's been buzzing with mine for
too long I want to make money using my
skills online it you guys got anything
to say about modern college and know the
best way to say like flat-out discourage
people from getting education but I'm
just saying make sure
something that is critical to what you
want to be doing don't just do it as
like most of my friends didn't know what
they wanted to do and they were like I
guess let's go to college and maybe I'll
figure it out and it's in the UK like
gap years are really encouraged awesome
it lets you I think if you know what you
want to do go to college helps you get
there yeah but I think I think going out
and taking a year out before potentially
going to college and trying different
things apply for internships at places
it will just I know I need like free
work experience and that end up getting
me a job somewhere and I'd say just yeah
look try really hard at what you feel
like you you could if you want to work
doing whether you want to do online work
basically get paid for online skills
what I'll ask what are your skills can
you just start small like for instance
it is if it's like photography maybe you
could get a nice portfolio online you
could ask your friends to help you
shoots for free and then you slowly
build up you might have been offer like
a bunch of shoots out a reduced rate as
you're building up your kind of
portfolio whether it's design work or if
it's like consultancy aware like these
things I just say slowly build up and
then for me I've always found whether
I've worked in like before YouTube where
the word of mouth really helps like
friends of friends that you know you can
get work you know I didn't websites and
stuff anyway yeah just also if you take
a year out and you're able to do
internships and try things even if you
think you know what you want to do if
you do an internship and then actually
work in the office or wherever you would
be working then you get a taste of
whether you'd actually like it or not
because so many of our friends are like
I did four years of finance and then a
real
my work in finance so you want to try to
avoid that hopefully so testing things
out is awesome
so this is a pretty deep one but I think
I want to skip it just for this deep and
someone said here my boyfriend's dad
passed away a few weeks ago and he's
really depressed and I feel really
anxious and don't know what to do is
make it feel to make it better and I
feel like I'm letting down I would love
to get some advice to me now I haven't
had a lot of kind of folks people to be
died but I've had a few of my friends
have debts in the family and stuff I
think I think this will be honest and
say to boyfriend like I don't know what
to do and I know what to say I don't
think anyone ever does though I think
it's like the hardest situation and I
think people people can't relate like if
you have another place that you can't be
like oh you know I understand that you
feel you just say I've never never
fathom like how you really feeling
but I want to be here yeah sometimes you
just they you might not want to have the
chats and relive how you're feeling but
just have some someone's company or they
say be really open to how you are
feeling as well just say that I mean
obviously if you if you love this person
you want to be there for them just say
that I love you want to be there how can
I be there for you I just sit here and
hang out with you and just be feeling
empathy to have it been going through
stuff and you're not letting them down
you can just the fact that you ask this
question means that you care and that
you're
to do what you can to make him like have
an easier time through this
so do you definitely not let me move
down and you're being an awesome
girlfriend and yeah just be there for
him whatever that means for him and
whatever he needs at the time okay
finding real people and real
relationships my answer to that I
personally hate small talk I can't do it
so pretty much with the first time I
meet someone I get into real
conversations asking like deeper
questions and that's my way to get real
I think a lot of people for some reason
is just the small talk is just default
some people stayed there for like a
whole relationship with friends or
whatever even like a romantic
relationship but for me just get deep
talk about things that really matter to
you from the beginning and that's how
you'll find people that you like connect
with and stuff okay another big one it's
pretty pretty heavy but I don't skip it
how come I learn to love and respect
myself for being the person I am and
where every every look into the mirror
is a kind of torture and you're unable
to believe that others like you I mean
honestly I feel like my whole channel is
like dedicated to help there I don't
think it's like it one easy answer kind
of thing but first I'm gonna say it gets
better with age which I both kept
telling you that any believe it but I'm
25 now and I'm telling you like now
versus two years ago even one year ago
it's just so much better I think maybe
focus on what you're grateful for your
life and focus on things that you're
proud of you've achieved I think I mean
I think that it sounds like maybe you're
talking about looking into the mirror I
guess which physic to be a reflection or
it could be what you see in yourself
right now might give you a challenge of
look back on 2017 and think of one thing
that you did or achieve that you're
really proud of I think it's so easy to
look and like think about oh I didn't do
this or I'm so bad at that but forget
all of that and think what's one thing
that you're really proud of and focus on
that stuff and just go easy on yourself
and try to think of yourself okay
think of the voice in your head as like
a friend like you know you can be mean
to yourself think about another friend
would you ever talk that way to one of
your friends you wouldn't we're all so
hard on ourselves and mean sometimes and
try to think of it as like a friend
friend relationship and try to show a
little bit of love and empathy for
yourself
and another thing is we live in an age
where probably more than any time in the
history of our entire than the entire
human race we live in a day to day
obsession of comparison where we're
bombarded with like these perfect images
and lives of other people and social
media and I think that's super toxic and
I feel like and I struggle at times you
struggle with comparison you look at
everyone like I'm not as good looking as
them I'm not having as much fun as them
on
as much money as them it could be all of
these different things at the end of the
value like we it that's only ever gonna
eat us up inside like we've got to stop
comparing ourselves to people I'm not
saying it's easy to do I don't know how
would we do that but I feel like it's so
important to realize we're all
individual and no one can be like a
better rider than Ryan no one can be a
better living than living and they'll be
a better whatever or whoever is watching
them you like we are also individual and
so perfect to be us we need to look at
how can we pledge the most and I advise
no one else can you're hating who you
are as a person if you're like I wish I
was like this person it's not gonna like
you are you and that's the only thing
that's the only possibility so just make
the most of the you that you are and
yeah like finally what makes you
flourish and what find your light and
spread it and hit is one that I can
relate to even today how do you motivate
yourself every day even when you have
nothing planned I am struggling with
this right now because I've slowed down
the day looking a little bit which was a
just a routine for me we are based up
which is also a very new thing for me
being in a place you know rather than
just going no automatically going week
to week to new places and then also I've
been kind of had my head for the last
week in kind of preparing some footage
for this edit anyway motivations load me
a moment I what I really get back out
there and you know I feel like it's it
can be easily swallow up and not being
motivated but I would say sometimes just
pushing yourself to go outside meet up
with friends go leave something new even
if it's small I think it's
easy to say if you're saying inside the
day which I have big last week yeah I'd
say even you know saying you do you have
nothing clad let's say your plans and
stuff like plans me our friends plan to
going deuce where your passion is like
going to be some photography or you know
ever try and get a few plans in I
sometimes like struggle to get out of
bed in the morning unless I have a
reason see and then if I've got
something flapping like we've got to get
somewhere like early for me early
tomorrow morning if that wasn't planned
I probably stay up doing it so now I
have to be sleeping to lunchtime again
but for me that would you know actually
getting something in also if I know I'm
gonna let someone down then I'm less
likely to miss something so if I agree
to go to meet someone for something
amazing
also make sure you I think when your
lack of motivation a lot of times people
maybe invites are coming in for things
but it's so easy to like find random
excuse oh I'm not feeling well or oh I
can't just try let make an effort to not
just find an excuse out of things since
I've been go through this as well just
make yourself say yes even if you're
like oh all I want to do seeing my PJs
and watch TV all day I just feel like no
this is it I'm saying yes I'm going to
dinner or whatever it is just make that
effort and on the segments friends
that's under saying how you say
motivated for exercise I need to get fit
for bone life and hiking in general fund
ventures by Mesabi potato right now no I
am terrible that exercise like we've
actually I know this is like a very
privileged thing we've actually got
personal trainer that we're gonna be
next week this isn't a solution because
obviously that cost money but maybe it's
be not with another friend who also
wants to buy a baby
I recently like bought an online workout
plan kind of thing and when I first
bought it I did it for a little while
and I think putting money into something
motivates you more to do it because
there's tons of like free to videos and
stuff but if you pay like 50 bucks or
whatever you're like I just paid money
so I can't just ignore it so maybe
something like that could be a little
incentive so many good ones guys so disa
quit what someone said they want to get
corrective eye surgery LASIK which might
had a few years ago and is there
anything that's changed better or worse
since you've got surgery I'd slay say
well I got it done it was like insane
perfect vision and it's just slightly
dull but it hasn't gone back to what it
was I think because I've been like
staring at a computer screen for like
two three years it's like that don't my
vision a tiny bit like different tiny
bit but I'm a massive fan of LASIK
because I wear glasses before to see
anything I can watch the TV or cinema or
drive-in outdoors as much
I'm planning a trip to London in May but
I'm really struggling with money I'm so
bad at saving with college and
everything how do you manage the money
stuff when you were younger I had a bit
of an extreme where I literally Kyle
every expense of my life I didn't drink
so that helps me a lot
I ain't probably actually unhealthily
yeah I literally bought bulk cheap if I
can you know I was eating really healthy
really cheap that to be honest that's
preach me what I cut out me is because
me is super expensive like cheese that
kind of stuff I was thinking salads come
goats like the local market and buy star
cheap stuff is like a little bit like
it's not the really fancy shiny stuff in
the market if you have kind of our local
markets I would buy tons of fruit and
veg and eat really healthy cheap but
like never eat out at restaurants or
anything never like get Starbucks all
those little expenses add up so try to
look at your life and see if there any
little expenses going to I don't know if
you go to movies all the time whatever
little things you do try to cut back on
that stuff and yeah make travel the
priority yeah yeah just discipline
yourself imagine endo like okay I'm not
gonna bother myself there's a bag or
whatever so I can have like sale you
know to you know go traveling we have
been going for 24 minutes guys we're
gonna do another 10 minutes I think this
is coffee everytime before we start
movies like Ranger
one like 15 minutes
thanks to cap cap seven did get donated
$10 on the livestream just because
thanks I felt bad we didn't break in
reading these comments it's loading on
Twitter slow refresh guys this help for
words it's like do you find there's like
good with the nice thing here advice
from like us other I'm hoping say
exploring new job says and how do I stop
a milkshake cravings jobs we love me but
we're gonna answer some serious question
how do you live your dreams ignore what
other people think about this baby I
mean it's tough it's so most people are
just really trying to fit in and make a
Boppy and doing something that people
might judge you for whatever seems like
the scariest thing we are that age 50
Wow but trying to find someone that
believes in your dream even if you've
got one friend that can be sparingly one
like I think that's what's always I
helped me is like some people love that
something things that wanted today but
I've always have that probably one or
two close friends that always believe me
so I don't know whether I'm wearing
also find people online that might maybe
share your dream so if you have
something well crazy and everyone around
you thinks that you're crazy for wanting
to do that maybe you can find even like
a youtube channel in the comments people
who like feel the same way or an excited
about the same thing and have a similar
dream just try to find someone that you
can bounce off of and you're having a
load day they can help you get excited
again and yeah definitely having a
little support group don't have someone
in real life
thankfully we're so lucky to other than
that and I'm sure you can find people
and he's he's a heavy one how do you
move on from intense relationship
breakup when you really find it so
difficult to move on and the other
partner has already moved on I would say
like breakups one of the hardest things
in life like I think I'm not comparing
it's like the death of somebody being
away it is like somebody that you loved
them in close and intimate who is no
longer in your life so in some ways it
it's on the same level is not the same
level but on this towards that spectrum
have actually been using somebody new
life and I'd say this is such a cliche
out of a time really does heal and I
think was awake that time to that's
people deal with grief in different ways
like they might just eat lots of ice
cream movies I don't like rob yourself
of of having some time just to like cry
and like what I'm not saying like I
don't know save months and months of
lying in bed crying to say allow
yourself to work through it but yeah
again make sure you've got some good
friends around and I just got thrown in
there to try to not close your heart
after something like that I think
especially if you've been hurt by
someone it's easy to say like oh I'm
done I'm not gonna do this
it's not worth it to build like a wall
around your heart and that's that's only
gonna be tough for you in the future
that's never a good thing having your
heart open yes it's a risk and every
time you go bring your relationship or
fall in love with someone you can you'd
risk but if it pays off then it's the
most incredible thing that could ever
happen to you so don't close up off from
love I'd say it's worth getting over
some advice sometimes think like in if
you have this intense feeling of
infatuation and love for something you
can sometimes forget maybe the things
that don't work in the relationship and
I think when I've had to when I've been
broken up with and I've been trying to
get over somebody I think you can bet
it's good to them probably focus on and
realize actually maybe this isn't the
perfect person for me maybe I was kind
of fooling myself a little man you start
placing those things actually
what would the perfect person be like
what would the things I mean what are
the things that weren't great in that
relationship and focus actually maybe
you would be better suited or deserve a
different type of person in the future
so it's yeah it's always hot though I
don't know if there's an easy solution
okay here we go
very deep but what is your opinion on
the progression of mental illness
awareness
maybe YouTube should do something I
actually think YouTube is incredible
platform for this because personally for
me there's so many things around mental
health that I wasn't really aware of or
anything have anyone in my life that was
battling with certain things and
watching YouTube videos of people like
before I mentioned so easy anxiety video
but I lost that video years ago that's
the first time I've ever seen anyone
talk about that because again no one in
my life would really opened up to me
about it or struggling with it that I
really knew of so YouTube is an
incredible place people are so open and
vulnerable and I think a lot of people
use YouTube and maybe find that they're
finding people open up about things that
they also are battling with and to have
that connection I need it's helping a
ton of people so I think it's ever like
it's it's always gonna need to be
getting better and it's unfortunately it
is still a stigma it our society to talk
about this stuff but I do think that
people are more and more open and
opening up more and people are more
accepting hopefully yeah I think we're
all making great very very um I think
it's heading in a good direction okay
here's some advice maybe even answer for
love advice there's a girl I've liked
five years I can't find a way to let em
know I like I mean this is like kind of
a little more informational minutes but
why do I you like good friends and best
friends do you like kind of know she has
a clearly that if you even if you're
good friends if you like someone for
five years then that's real it's not
sometimes maybe if you have a friend and
you like think you like them but then a
month later you're like no actually I
don't
our friendship but it doesn't going for
five years I need you have to let them
know because it doesn't sound like
that's going away anytime soon
so even if it's a friend and you're
worried that it could affect your
friendship
it sounds like like if you're good
friends you see her all the time
then and you and you like that you're
not telling them surely that's painful
for you so I think whether your friends
are not whether that they never even
spoken I don't know I think I think it's
worth saying something or doing
something just like kind of hinted it or
yeah just but to be quiet about it
seems silly because what if they let you
back what if they're also making the
same thing and then you're wasting all
this time not being with them and what
if they don't like you back then maybe
that'll tell you that and we've really
hard and it'll hurt and be like the
worst thing ever but after you eat ice
cream to cry for a little while then you
can move on from that person because
obviously that's not the person for you
and sometimes you might have to know if
you in the back of your mind you always
got this idea that they need to be with
that person that they don't want that
and it might be helpful but sometimes
you can find a place to have the mutual
friendship again it's tough but I feel
like it's because the other ones like
surely then there isn't fear like I
could tell them they know friendship so
I think yeah yeah yeah but but normally
and what I've seen amongst my friends is
you needed some kind of periods to pull
back and to kind of get used to them by
their different scenarios I'm thinking
it could work out really well
yeah it could it might not work out as
we want yeah but either way you should
ya know because you not saying something
isn't helping you either way
whether they like you back and you're
going to be happy forever that's
obviously an incredible life thing to
come out of it or if they don't like you
back then it's better to know sooner
rather than later because 20 years from
you and then I think yeah anyway thanks
guys the world and we'll see you next
week and yeah hope you some of these
things have helped maybe we'll do
another one of these you liked it if you
didn't like it
once yeah anyway we're gonna sign out
but yeah so like if you like this kind
of thing
you know see you next week peace out
enjoy life a little bit venture baby
