good morning guys it's bright and early
is 7:30 a.m. I woke up and left Vienna
about an hour ago and I'm back in being
a noise stat which is where the plane
has been for the last week getting some
maintenance done I'm sure if you've been
watching my vlogs you've probably
forgotten that we're flying around the
world but we are playing around the
world and today we head off on the next
leg now I think the plan is we're gonna
be getting to Crete and Greece which is
fun except just been in Greece but we're
heading back to Greece and then tomorrow
heading all the way to Egypt which is
pretty exciting so I'm I've just been
dropped off and I'm walking to go and
find JP who's with the plane just
getting ready yeah we're gonna set up
pretty excited to be back in the air and
continuing our trip and she is a fan of
Louie
yeah and we're back with Balu she's
looking pretty clean they clean her
nicely and I'm gonna take the cowling
off in a second but one of the big
things I need to do is update the
database on the GPS we've settled up
yeah I need to go and get Balu fueled
and ready this is cool there's some
amazing planes there okay guys when we
flew in here last week
Micky joined us he's a pilot here your
training here right yes and he's also
come to see yourself which is very kind
of him and we brought us some snacks to
take with us that apparently these are
traditional Austrian snacks so there's
this wafer kind of chocolate wafer thing
Mahesh Newton which man Manish Newton
which is vegan apparently and also this
string which we haven't tasted yet but
this looks incredibly Austrian look at
those two it's finally time to depart
thanks bro yeah yeah we've got a
six-hour flight too wait JP tell us tell
us the plan what's the plan today
classified a Crete in Greece 6-hour
flight probably one of the most intense
IFR routes I've ever done yeah it's
gonna be a long day and we know nice
ground November two one zero gain your
phone request taxi to the active all
right you ready yeah let's do that
breeze bro yeah power set temperatures
and pressures are good and she's fine
dear later Austria in real
this is exciting feedback that's good to
see again is up all right so we're we're
just able an out of vino nice step and
still on a VFR flight plan right now
they got me climbing to a waypoint and
then I'll pick up my life are there that
was easier than I expected within the
uniform are you ready for your clearance
zurich uniform we're already coming back
uniform kirisaki unbiased as well flight
plan truth climbed nine thousand feet
and - start passing extensity
a uniform pieces hands 9,000 feet now
down at 9,000 pounds Erick this
autopilot 9400 yeah I'm not a supporter
now my autopilot isn't working sir about
that well it's pretty healthy tonight of
those are you able to do that yeah
currently down in that house now they
screwed up at the Python I think that
the altitude hold which is what what
would swell or anything good on this
airplane that's not working altitude
control it was I they just disconnected
that I don't know Odie this is gonna
make my trip so much or art I can't
believe it
like that is so aggravating if they like
take it apart to try and think then I
just did put it back together or
something I don't know what they did but
they troubleshot out to find the problem
which cost so much more heroes and then
now they must have not put it back
together properly
me and autopilot is a big safety tool
and for most single pilot I far single I
of our pilots this wonderful place that
we were that for charging 300 euros to
clean the plane which is insane they
didn't put this thing back together
because the altitude Hall does not work
which means I need to know how to fly
this airplane
I've got a cupcake if you want it
I'm good with food I got to do vegan
cupcakes you can have the two vegan
companies okay guys we have been
grounded for a week into maintenance
done but we're finally back on our trip
and with JP we are currently flying over
Serbia heading towards Greece today and
it's so good to be back
I can't believe I'm flying over Serbia
never in my life did I think I would be
highlighting an airplane over Serbia so
many memories here cruising along at
9,000 we're not a top flight level today
I believe we've changed over to another
country god I'm not sure which one
wow this is the fascinating border
do we have a suitable piadina I have a
bag here okay but if you need to go well
somebody might have to crawl to the back
to grab another bag
no I do I can hold it how long do we go
two hours yeah well that fountain there
is high yeah that's big that's gonna
throw us around the point is coming to
record that looks the same height as up
it's higher well not gonna show red on
the radar
oh yeah you're actually right I've seen
the wrong implications here it does look
it does look higher
oh yeah
at my hotel I didn't know Greece have
such big mountains
wait oh yeah we Greece now yeah oh my
gosh I'm having the best time today I
don't know why like that what a pilot
situation the socks are you still pretty
happy yeah I'm enjoying my flight and
I'm enjoying like the scenery and
everything that's good and you fly for a
bit and then I'm gonna try and pee
yeah all right follow me let's just
finish this pop okay okay so just
keeping it more or less in that
direction that's not too serious what's
more important is the altitude okay if
we get bad two months now there's pee
everywhere
oh it's kinda tempted just to like
another me like I'll be so bad II just
climb really quickly so what we were
actually like going down really quickly
then because they're not happy in my
face
while I wait to pick line right yep yeah
but that that isn't too accurate you're
trying to keep the desire track the same
as the true track all right that that's
kind of pretty way off then a little bit
you did okay
I'm more impressed with the altitude
think it are just full of everything
right but now that's what precise enamel
though I need to go way right then right
yeah oh crap I'm surprised like I did
the whole piece maybe you should become
a pilot I think you can be a pilot as
long as it's like local fine yeah but if
you if you had wanted to do
long-distance serious flying it I think
that anybody can change you might you
might become really discipline for
flying I just keep the rest of your life
as it is who knows I'm just having a
really good flight today I don't know
why it's just really good yeah I think
it's nice because we're flying the wards
war warps as well maybe but I think I
think a part of me is awesome
it's cool that it's back to the team
Wow so cool imagine just sailing and
just sailing into all these round of
little phase yeah that would be fun
I think I would enjoy is love sailing
trip we haven't had a lot of like really
clear days yet a lot of days have been
hazy and it will just get worse from out
yeah like the Middle Eastern Star and
East Asia humid Indonesia
well it's pollution as well I mean India
for example apparently like people were
five in India the reason why you need an
instrument rating over India is because
it's a great weather it's just that it's
like it's its instrument conditions
which is the same though on our left
here guys
is one of the most famous Greek pilots
it's very popular at the moment with
tourists stopped already
I think that's pretty cool they're just
cruising by Santorini
that's venting doing its thing that's
off we're on the left tank I'll keep
that open let's start strapping in here
in Iraq in town I've ever - I'm very
careful with you on the aren't have to 7
all this kayak isn't cliff jumpers and
oh my god this water looks so good
there's a cave holy
you don't want to up the shoe this rough
I do know you have no little friction
hurt a lot of how you have the
terminology down dude yeah undershoot
let's look perfect word all righty come
on I can do better than that I'm just
flying it all the way oh nice directly
on that's cool I'm stoked to be here
whoo good job that was a good fight
really good yeah now I'm glad I stayed
awake after like it's nice just to do
that first flight again together yeah
definitely made it less lonely how you
feeling bro her increase stoked it's
warm very wanna be like short ads and
channels and go and jump in the water
everywhere like massive airliners guys
alright just landed in the Arachne on
Greece beautiful
the epic arrival into here was beautiful
planning with but shitty work on that
and yeah we're here I'm stoked I'm
actually so freaking happy like to the
core which is happiness right now we're
gonna go grab a hotel which is like an a
B&B I think just over there 7f minutes
7-minute drive yeah Park up the 210 and
tomorrow itself to Egypt
we've arrived we're so close
yeah look we literally flew past our
hotel so just throwing our bags in our
room and we're just coming down to jump
in a sea before the Sun Goes Down kind
of perfect timing really and me and JP
like interest in the best mood ever I
just I couldn't be happier right now so
good yeah literally that's what we flew
it's actually just like chillin look at
it it's even like looking at you like
just rest its head look you're sassy
it's been yeah it's been a good day and
tomorrow we are flying to Egypt which is
gonna be interesting I think that's
gonna be the first country where we
could potentially run into challenges
getting in or you know explaining why
we're flying into Egypt in this tiny
plane so hopefully all go smoothly catch
you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
