good morning guys it's about six a.m.
and we're heading out I haven't really
woken up yet what about string this five
hour energy sitting this workout
so I can finally tell you guys what
today is about and partly why I'm in New
York basically the big announcement is
I'm going to be working with discovery
which means they're going to be my
youtube network and help me find people
to partner with and just make my channel
caller basically it's going to be mean
that there's going to be more and more
epic stuff I'm doing bigger adventures
bear connections second of five so
today's event is making that
announcement and talking to big
advertising companies and other people
to explain this think Seco which is the
network I've joint and all the channels
that are part of that and part of the
wider discovery online dish to all kind
of thing and yes can be fun I'm gonna
have a little interview show a little
bit about my channel what not to what I
want to be doing and then hopefully find
some cool partners and people to work
with make those dreams become a reality
so I'm going to get miked up now and do
a little rehearsal and then in a couple
of hours these seats are all going to be
filled
well I've been editing my blog backstage
and people are starting to arrive at the
back there for the event we've run for a
rehearsal people are learning their
lines teleprompter up there and I need
that stuff which has been brought in
breakfast this is exactly what I need
right now I'm pretty hungry I've got my
coffee hey the Riverside to fill up okay
we're starting in 20 minutes guys is my
time to shine I'm about to head onto the
stage and I've got quite a big
announcement for you guys as well so
here goes ladies and gentlemen here he
is Lily Cole so I'm a fan of the channel
I've watched all of your videos and I
often wonder Lee you know what what made
you just decided to just wanted to pick
up and hit the road almost in perpetuity
yeah I guess it's just this this passion
to explore the world to seek our
adventure and just to share that with
people as widely as passed yet we've
done a great job and tell me about
flying the globe so the the latest kind
of big dream is to circumnavigate the
globe I've done a lot of traveling but
this will be a first for me I've got a
young pilot friend who we've been
planning this we're hoping to early next
year here about twenty two different
countries some kind of classic
destinations but also places totally off
the grid and it's going to be the first
flight of this kind that's going to be
documented as well as this in terms of
social media new technology we're hoping
to stream stuff yeah nothing like this
has been done before it's super exciting
and in a couple of weeks we're doing a
little prep trip I'm going to Namibia
and we're going to go out hopefully he's
going to teach me how to fly the plane
just in case of emergencies and we're
going to go and visit some kind of
isolated tribes and stuff of that so on
you saw in tenth grade I wish I had your
job we can't wait to take that journey
with you Louis thank you well the events
over that was a fun exciting news guys
um I've been waiting to tell you about
the world trip and flying with JP you've
seen the previous blog to New Zealand
and stuff but I will tell you more about
it as as the plans unfold but super
exciting i'm now heading that motel get
some sleep
ah alright guys I'm gonna sleep for a
little bit I'll catch you in about two
hours right we have wore down to the
subway and we're heading downtown to
meet Casey nice that backup in dryer
I'm kind of working on two hours sleep
forgot he British dude well we found
Casey yeah and he taken us down to this
little sandwich shop round corner for
bait and yeah I'm never eating here but
look at it
this could be their chocolate yes oh I
might patrol and get how you doing
anyway Casey yeah well yeah yeah we had
similar nights since they doubled I
editing I said everyone I everything the
life of a daily vlogger you guys
remember Hayden from our road trips
stuff as a year ago yeah austin texas
well we had a delicious lunch i'm
unsatisfied we're now look that chases
office and he's invited me to do a
little Q&A on his channel could be so
you so at we outsource snapchatting a
second
you guys will miss out on that because
I'm like three days behind my blog sites
/ back in the studio right it's good
fear okay so look somebody said this to
me I don't have said these somebody
whoever sent these please let me know
it's all these custom pillows from every
year before I went to in
I'm cold these to me they're lovely
lating right yeah also borrow gonna do
the Q&A here a little locked off camera
there so classic Casey the q of this Q&A
is I need Louie to disappear at some
point in time throughout the shoot so I
have to split screen it so this red
piece of tape still donate one half of
the screen from the other noise so Louie
don't cross the red okay I'm just gonna
annoy him and they'll be like booze so
it halfway through the Q&A and I'm
pretty well um how's it has again I did
wear this is where I'm my vlog time oh
sorry the trouble is longer set up with
itself oh ok finally ok see see the
couple days back so we did a really fun
Q&A on his channel I like the video
below because he's going to have it way
up way before I put this video up and if
you don't subscribe him go check his
channel out super creative uploading
daily amazing guy amazing guy and we'll
be hanging out with later in the week
we're just coming to this camera shop
below Casey studio and we're just
checking out a little gimbal for the
GoPro this is what jesse has a nose in
Thailand
am I feeling all the GoPros a lot on the
horse this would have been good guys I
left my sweater upstairs so i've texted
KCTV can throw it down to me
Thanks hahaha to her right we're being
lazy we getting an uber oh crap okay
we're good we're good we're good thought
I broke it then time for more coffee
we're in Brooklyn Brooklyn baby york
city new york
cups are
we've now wandered down to the river and
the Sun is kind of setting super chilled
evening nice i've enjoyed the weather
here the last couple days it's been warm
we've also just met out with Tim hey Tim
sir saying hi blog you remember Tim from
Chicago's it yeah but last night these
you are now living in New York maybe
that's the place to be maybe we should
all live in New York I thought I live
anywhere but I see myself facing up hip
a little bit I like it maybe not
Manhattanite I think Bertram be cool
that isn't ethically
Oh
Oh
Oh
oh oh oh
Oh
I got three chili chicken and noodles
I'm going to mix this together I'm
hoping this way get too messy
this bowl is not big enough you just do
that only one demo delicious dinner yeah
that was delicious turn it was there
guys if you're ever in West Village of
Manhattan you need to check out this
chinese place red farm delicious
incredible nice so we're chillin in
Tim's studio apartment and I've been
lugging these guys out get my edit up I
just had the worst day today trying to
get my edit and like has not gotten the
flow at all trying to edit during dinner
like earlier when I was at that might
have been fine it up relax I don't know
what we're doing they were just gonna be
chillin chillin for a few hours and then
probably go to bed
we are back in our room Hayden's
crashing over tonight and I'm finally
gonna get some sleep guys I'm super
excited well at this traffic wires down
yeah loud New York's loud yeah but it's
fun I'm looking forward to the next few
days it's going to be cool it was fun
hanging with Casey today yeah like I
said go and check out the QA going shown
some love on his channel yes videos epic
and and yeah we're gonna have some fun
this week we're gonna have fun sleep is
important though how many are some sleep
first right I catch you in the morning
peace out enjoy life live debentures
