hey guys my name is Jen and I'm Korean
currently living in Thailand and this is
Leo and you're currently watching from
for Louie enjoy good morning
we've just landed in New York it's like
6:00 a.m. pretty early you need to go
and click tour luggage
and then we're going to make her way
into Manhattan and Roya has kindly
offered for us to crash on a couch for a
couple of hours this morning just
because I haven't slept at all
Steve's maybe slipped a tiny bit on the
fly yeah that's the situation
let's go we have arrived in Manhattan
New York thank you thanks
are you ready for some sleep Steve yes
right we've been in rise department for
like a couple of hours we managed to
catch some sleep but I now have to head
off to a meeting and Steve is out hey
Roy how you doing now he is out thanks
for letting us stay I'll catch you later
on
so I've been in the discovery offices
this morning a little meeting and now
I'm doing some rehearsal think there's
some stuff tomorrow but tell me about
that all right
Steve's got in there as well he woke up
something join me I don't tell you how
much longer we're gonna be here but
after this we're gonna go out a little
bit so I'm done for the day
being sitting around doing some
rehearsals for this event tomorrow and
work and stuff managed to get some
editing done and now me and Steve are
heading back to Roy's we're gonna get
our bags and check in at the hotel that
we're checking into and yeah we've got
the rest of the evening free I think
we're going to go and meet our friend
Ollie who's over from the UK and yeah
who else
try to collect our bags and we're
heading down the hotel it's getting
Hoover in rush-hour traffic check out
this sick room two nice big beds guitar
record player pencil sharpener
what more do you need in life paper
density dinner time
so it turns out one of our friends back
from the UK is in New York with his wife
so we're meeting up with them Steve is
that all for you
turns out the medium piece it was almost
the same size of the large so I've got
half of it left over I try and find
someone to give it to my by we've now
stopped off a little coffee and we might
have got a little cheeky slice of
cheesecake as well what so this guy over
here was asking for some money by Austin
he was hungry and he was so I gave my
pizza he's super happy so that's nice we
have wandered down to Washington Square
Park and
we're gonna sit down somewhere er
cheesecakes and I think there's some
like great dancers over here saying we
only look at the low-light camera so
before we head back we are gonna walk up
the to the debrief toolbar see the
Empire State
by these guys are off we're heading to
our hotel to do some editing you're
gonna get on the edit train editing some
instagrams yeah right on the Edit train
in the hotel room munch get coffee it's
only $12 from room service and Fries up
now see in the morning again on the
early train speed yes
let's see how New York's did paid in New
York yep classic midnight traffic well
it's always half plus four in the
morning
classic beam of light editing the cowboy
vlogs which running majorly behind but
it's all worth it guys don't worry I'm
gonna get some sleep now but I need only
like an hour and a quarter of sleep and
then have to get out for a meeting at
5:45 fine we'll catch up with some sleep
probably during the day tomorrow we're
also planning to go and see Casey
hopefully film a video with him do a bit
more exploring around New York and cool
right I will see you in like an hour
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
