good morning guys we are about to leave
Ghost Ranch we've got a bunch of stuff
getting packed up there we're about to
jump in the car and head back to Santa
Fe
because Mike has to get back to
Albuquerque for his flight problems with
the seat belt it's not a normal seat
belt they freeze like a sea breeze like
a month new scripting get by Ghost Ranch
all right we're stopping off for a
little coffee break
cheers boys cheers Cheers cheers Cheers
nice but I'll stay with a bit all right
mics off gotta catch a show wow what an
amazing time enjoy your fly back to
London Mike mm yes long one but why they
like thanks for having me
we left to plan some more trips yeah
soon man we're now switching vehicles
from briefs hard to this epic awesome
truck so I'm getting in the back this
your totally turns out I've got female
moments in Michael release we're gonna
drop them down at his shuttle now prizes
big bus I saw what happens when it rains
yeah man
thoughts on New Mexico I Love New Mexico
it's amazing I could live here I think I
can live with the horses yeah
for fun horses horses and trucks horses
for courses I I feel like losses might
be my new favorite animal yeah Mike's
getting his shuttle to the airport bye
my love you Louie where did you get this
wagon bro hey jump in bro rolling no
just hands on his pedal
yeah it might be a bit of a flash but we
just pop it into a little store to get
dates and trousers because his trousers
are just terribly short shorts at the
moment we have jeans sorted that's way
more appropriate dress with it I know
exactly it's more easy on the eye back
in the truck
Coffee time where you going to do is
this right place
how awesome is this coffee shop I'm
gonna say I could be getting carried
away but it could be my favorite coffee
shop yeah lie
on a Sunday afternoon coffee roasting
machine in house amazing coffee amazing
orange juice wins wins winners cheers
guys
cheers to an amazing trip breakfast has
arrived that's right avocado bacon
poached eggs sauteed vegetables and a
little slice of orange guys I've jumped
back in the truck this brilliant Dave
Davies get his shuttle now to the
airport
we're running a little bit late all
right
Dave's off you managed to grab his
shuttle in time see you later bro
love you man all right Dave's backup for
San Fran I think I'm gonna catch up with
him in like July or something the other
night ah Brotherhood is breaking apart
well we've been chillin for a couple of
hours too - get blog uploaded and
Instagram posting my story Steve's been
get some stuff done as well and now
we're going out for some more adventures
because then we've got a wire in the
front
I don't feel bad walking on your seats
in the to snow this is our pre-war
proofs her seats
he needs a route when it rains time for
lunch
yeah late lunch this is a chili
cheeseburger America do everything with
massive sweet potato fries we've got
some Mexican thing enchiladas I think
the rain is stopped who did you unbuckle
your belt to eat so the problem is not
having a roof is in the rain you see get
soggy
those who are we going you know where
we're going we're going for the tour of
the base
we have driven up to the top of a hill
and we're going for a little stroll
along this pathway so have a look like
this and say this is beautiful guys
following you guys wait we running up
there yeah I guess okay we're going off
we're going off the pathway now we're
getting some epic instagrams up there
just a little one hanging off the tree
Steve got some cool ones the shadows are
pretty awesome we just wait for the Sun
to come up again and then me and Brigid
do a little jumpy Adams goes down
so it's the light riding again
there's nothing we can do nothing grease
windscreen wipers don't even work you're
right about there Steve
all right let's get let's grab our stuff
and head to Albuquerque we're now
heading off to catch the last light of
the day see we get a cool sunset
somewhere getting shot it's been nice to
hang out this today and not rush off to
the airport we're still chillin we're
not find out - like midnight let's be
nice hang out a bit more as well
guys are driven to the top of this
mountain look right Steve set up a
camera here we're gonna do a little
Instagram for us for chillin on the van
all right
Bree has to head off it's been lovely
hanging out but hey the horses bye so
we've just been sorting all our gear out
this is the office that a lot of our
bags are left in Moss we're out on the
horse ride this is Adams company they've
been hosting and organizing the whole
trip thanks man and now he's taking us
to the airport because our flight is in
two hours to New York City New York's to
do
all right Adam is dropped us off at the
airport
thanks for everything Thank You Scylla
bro yeah Oh have a good journey back all
right let's check in all right just
putting our bags on Steve guts to get
fragile stickers on his he's got fragile
stuff
he's a fragile kinda got the legroom so
good like three and a half hour flight
now arriving at JFK like
just before the exam
is ready pizza party
so mid Stevo on our way to New York
after he's definitely one of the best
birthday celebration weeks I've had ever
my life other than you saw it I can't
really I can't really put into words how
awesome it was but it's over now and
have on to the next destination
but as this mayhem has kind of settled
down today as the boys at left I've just
been thinking
I guess drawing away from just me and
celebrating my birthday and just
reflecting a little bit on the wider
world and what's going on
and as you know what most of you know
there's been a massive tragedy in Nepal
over the last few weeks a couple of
weeks ago massive earthquake thousands
of people unfortunately died and I
haven't done anything about that yet and
I know I personally can do something
donate some money but I just wanted to
involve you guys as well now
Dave those who don't know what Dave does
he basically runs a company called Givi
and it's a platform for
donating to charity and more
specifically and more I'm going to talk
to you now about it's a platform where
you can play like a piece of content a
video a music track and something that's
inspired you to want to give and to
share that with others so I am linking
below a video that my friend Devin
Supertramp filmed in Nepal last year in
the last year he went out there and the
same time me and Steve went to India he
went to Nepal and filmed this beautiful
video of he was getting children and
people in Nepal to take kind of selfie
videos and it was just so beautiful to
see the people there and watching it
back today just kind of moved me and
made me realize again like these are the
these are the very people that his whole
lives have been turned around turned
upside down and just that catastrophe in
their country at the moment and there
and the just sheer kind of agony the
people going through the people that
lost and sometimes we can disconnect
ourselves from that being the other side
of the world and being comfortable so I
just wanted to share that video to see
those people see what that amazing video
endeavor films bold so if you feel
inspired like I have just there's the
ability to give I'm giving to tear fund
which is a charity doing amazing work
out there trying to help rebuild a
cellphone provider for people
in need so I'll link all that below and
and hopefully we can make some kind of
difference right I am going to sign out
here and trying to get a couple of hours
sleep before we land and get ready for a
week of adventures in New York it's
gonna be epic absolutely epic peace out
enjoy life
