hi my name is Megan I'm from Fort
Collins Colorado I got a school at Texas
Christian University I'm currently on
the Great Wall in China and you're
watching fun for Louie boom
what do morning guys we've come down for
breakfast that it's incredible how I
always say that and I just had this guy
bring me this as a breakfast birthday
treat amazing I don't know I think I'm
supported here guys you're gonna have to
help me out of this you're gonna have to
help me out with this so the bedding in
the beds best most comfortable bed I've
ever slept in or how did you sleep well
breathing really my tree sleeps all good
all right it's talking to this it's
amazing that's what a tree
we have to breakfast burritos and I got
a fry-up
ragin we have left the hotel and
Japanese spa at the top of the mountain
you guys ready
the top of the mountain and strolled
into this particle guys I've got a good
feeling about this oh good this is a
peaceful Japanese spa guys all right
these are our tubs put two tubs to jump
in
oh yeah see that's the two people broke
let's pretend I'm a be a perfect woke up
they don't get stuff down the home
right
yeah this is a traditional Japanese
shower
well you just splash each other with
water
we're coming Stephen up get out we enjoy
your massages yeah
guys have just come out of my Shack see
massage it's a japanese-style I love
Shep see I've never had it before it's
amazing how did you miss those days
yeah it was he folded me out yeah get an
origami origami I nearly fell over a man
there goes running pop asleep
how was yours Mike good massage
Steve's just go out
we're in this Japanese restaurant oh
maybe this sushi starts at the ride with
some miso soup I get one of the chips
you this stuff yeah what is this done
what do they call it seven different
spices there's no cooking school
togarashi I love Japanese words find the
next courses arrives we've got ramen
they might go ramen pork ramen and this
is super spicy chili oil which
apparently going to blow my face off so
I'm going to give it a little taste I
gave this oil a little taste and it's
not that spicy so I just brought it all
in my in my noodles and I think it's
gonna be chilled me look they put a
candle in my popcorn ice cream that's
right popcorn ice cream way cheers lads
she's whiskey happy 40th bro how's it
going Steve how was that ice cream back
in the car heading out to the shops Dave
these guys cowboy hat
Steve knees get his cowboy hat and we're
probably gonna get Poncho's jackets
boots
everything we've arrived in the clothing
shop and Steve's picking out a hat
I like this hat Steve bye
like that that's amazing dave has found
the one day they you instantly turn more
romantic this might be my god made
dreamcatcher oh I think Dave looks like
the most legit cowboy oh yes yeah I
picked up my two shirts getting this guy
and this one here there so I can stay in
there all day
I honestly good but we need another lot
Steve need to pick a hat I'm just gonna
go to another store to get that I forget
that we're actually going riding I know
straight up and let's do it no I don't I
don't think they realize how bad we're
gonna
right I've jumped in the car break well
measures she's been working today but
she's finished now and we've got three
car loads of us and we are heading to
this cabin and it's about an hour and a
half two hours drive weird anything
chilly where Jame oh we're driving
through to Milan and this is this is
getting pretty incredible and skinny
guys looks like canyons and just epic
epic the sun's about to set this is
amazing I love this this is going to be
pretty a phenomenal Drive so we've
stopped the cars and we are gonna get
some nice photos and instagrams because
the Sun is going down golden hour we
setting about gold now Steve it's gonna
be way I can focus at my - oh these are
awesome photos just went on the pocket
my quads just like birth Dave you're
gonna be excited
we have pulled over to try and get some
more sunset shots or set up a little
time-lapse looking over the mountains in
the clouds over there this is a pretty
epic Valley are we trying to blow these
dandelions or the fashion police are on
their way Mike watch out
I know just trying to bridge his saying
that this Trek we're going on tomorrow
no one has ever done it before they just
marked out yesterday they like checked
out there or is it the BRE yeah that
we're doing they really were doing but
this is this is unknown it's not unusual
tourists thing this is like specially
customized we have found a cabin I think
this might at the cupboard we got in the
mail it was nowhere we all like bunking
in the same room is this like is this
like a communal thing okay if we got
beds we are having a gas lamp tour of
the cabin is this your cupboard double
down double bond it looks like gonna
sing a Christmas colors layers the grid
legit off the grid we're gonna get a
little fire going and then I think they
go this is so cozy
how do you feel about the progress in
our fire I think we've made good
progress
how you feelin Dave don't be late oh
yeah this is your business or you could
never hit some beans and bacon no thanks
you know this is a cowboy thing sure
Dave explain a situation from the start
what happened to your jeans bro
I was trying to take an awesome sunset
picture of Louise right here as I bends
over my quad bulge out he's got very big
muscley legs and it's all my jeans but
then everybody advised me I'm not gonna
be able to sew him up so I thought I'd
cut them to make jean shorts Roy ever
brokeback that might sound and
apparently I've gone a bit too high and
now we're gonna be more like just a flat
so as much as I want to be an optimist
Dina is that oh thanks he's literally
the chill dog
we finished dinner and it's 1:00 a.m.
which is a perfect time to go for it or
hike up the mountain we've decided so
I'm looking forward to this this is an
epic surroundings we're in and not sure
quite what we gotta find maybe we're
gonna find a little natural Mike chillin
chillin in the trees guys this is
awesome we're doing some light painting
some long exposure photography and
breeze like busting out this pose here
and then I'm painting around I'll show
you the finished
we're back in the cab in back in the cab
I think our boots might be muddy so it's
time for bed we've all snuggled up in
the cabin and it's pretty late like half
two or something I don't know we don't
have to get up super early we've got a
little bit of a drive tomorrow and then
we're gonna go and click the horses and
apparently we've got a mental horse
track tomorrow so I'm looking forward to
it they're doing like River cross things
and everything I see in the morning pee
style enjoy life and live the adventure
