hi my name is Patrick I'm from Czech
Republic and you are watching fan
following this out and your life live in
venture the good morning I've just
arrived in Cape Town after like an 11
hour flight that's pretty good
had a bit legroom slips probably four
hours in total
yeah I'm ready to see Nick and Ange
Rachel - I assume they're waiting for me
Wow look and that key for passports
look who I found how are you how was
your flight Rachel no way yeah I saw you
went by a path and the Johannesburg yeah
ready for a fun week cool let's do it
we've just arrived at the house look
this is my room they put my name on it
that's amazing I'll have a look inside
ah you like made this hot this isn't
even here before and bought this bed I
think they were gonna put a bed in here
anyway but amazing we've left the house
jumped in the car and we're returning
Nick's parents car and the girls gonna
pick us up when you're gonna go for some
brunch I am filling the right
considering my bodies and the computers
in time zone lined up I think we're just
gonna have chilled one today how you
doing Nick Dubey mom yeah
loving smooth especially waiting yeah
it's like yeah it's autumn winter is
what I thought it's the end of summer I
suppose yeah it's correct it's winter
it's getting to winter but it's not
supposed to be this far between degrees
are we let's go
shake this juice out guys I don't know
what's in it
apparently chill it apparently chilly
it's gonna say I've never seen the story
whoa
right take that taste that it's the
after kick you know if the kick gets you
the net nice check this out guys chicken
pie mashed potato what amazing yeah whoa
we just had coffee after our meal Knicks
obviously very fussy with his coffee he
bet had one sip and he's like no no
I'm pretty excited Joy's we've we've
ever seen it drive after lunch and we
were right and the waterfront and we're
going through a Thai massage so you know
coming out to be pretty awesome day you
ready
- all right so I'm going for the
authentic Thai massage I had to put on
these special like John of the poems and
Nick's going for the toy and mixed oil
massage you ready yeah
you make it Nick massage is done that
was incredible
he goes like that I don't know I'm
walking we are now heading over to the
waterfront
we've been walking around the shopping
centre ton of lighting warm because I
forgot to bring my sweater out and I do
need two new clothes anyway today kind
of perfect timing before dinner
Rachel's picked out this we go shopping
every time I'm with you Rachel
you're like my personal shopper guys I
think we've picked out top I'm a jerk
and blue I'm got blue I think this works
I've come into a camera shop this is
going to be the for g7x camera I bought
because none of you noticed but my
videos are some little specks on the
screen I can't get rid of them so I have
to bite the bullet and I've just
switched over the little fuzzy wind
break thing I put on the new guy so this
is my new camera so guys here's my
retired camera I'm gonna have the big
right way to fix these because this
can't continue
I can't go through four cameras in six
months that's not that's not feasible
all right we have sat down for some
sushi this place Willoughby's
dinner was delicious but I'm feeling
incredibly spaced out like I think my
jet lag kicked in for they type in
Rachel
and they were gonna head back so before
we go home Nick's gonna buy some shoes
these slobs didn't really go to my
outfit yeah with these
these socks guys they love socks the new
fashions coming out you can ask a book
about yeah they're so weird
I basically missed the whole summer very
much tonight I am a zombie guys Momotaro
zombie
oh so tired
but the good thing is I'm gonna get an
early night catch up on my sleep this
week it's going to be a great week for
me just to read to be late and yeah it's
the energy back okay like to see me but
it's like the one thing I notice if
they're bees dying awful lot of like
almost like the Metropolitan yeah we're
the hole
buildings business happens everyone
comes in at the same time if you die
well guys it's good to be back in Cape
Town I definitely need to sleep I did
manage to get my video edited and
uploaded which I'm happy about and now
I'm gonna have a long long rest the last
two nights I spent on planes so this is
the first time I've slept a night in the
bed for two days right I can't really
think straight but I'm obviously in the
morning and it's gonna be a really cool
week here we've got a few things planned
get up to some fun tomorrow I think
we're having a meal we've been in the
cold later in the week and we are making
some exciting plans this week am I
constantly about the yet but as soon as
I know what's going on I'll let you know
sweet miss period till one today but
that's life in it peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
