good morning guys I'm Archie and I'm
from India and I am at a place called
sunrise point in a Gumby and you're
watching fun for Louis boom good morning
guys it's Lunden
we had a nice flight nice flight from
Calgary
it's good all right looks like a lovely
day
how's your flight Mike voice-overs gone
sore throats so funny story halfway
across the Atlantic I realized we
haven't actually organized anyone to
pick my stuff from the airport so as we
landed as we were coming to land I
tasted a few people
my parents are in France apparently
these be the doing some food testing for
his wedding summer so we can talk friend
Nick Truman and he is coming to Texas
now was awaiting we are just having
breakfast together
coffee chip Mike
who is Nick thanks for coming to get us
bro yeah it's pretty good what did you
just see your plate
see you later Nick thanks um then thanks
for the lift might bring the pleasure
yeah hi everyone see seen
Thanks
well despite having slips a couple of
hours in the flight I am pretty tired so
I'm gonna have a little afternoon nap I
think see in a few hours
well I slept for maybe two hours and now
I'm cracking on with my edit I'm gonna
try and get one uploaded before I head
back to the airport and head down to
Cape Town selfie and editing for a
couple of hours technically was supposed
to be the airport in ten minutes
Nick's finally gonna give me a lift to
Airport runs make us amazing today may I
take something else later anyway I
haven't packed yet
I'm just trying to filter out my winter
clothes drop them here in my parish
house and put some summer clothes in
because I'm going to the sunshine I
accidentally pressed cancel on my
exports I need to do that on the move
jumping here
so Nick has dropped me off again what a
legend thanks Nick
and guys just to give him a bit of love
for helping me out today go ahead and
check his YouTube channel out
he's uh he's doing well with his YouTube
channel he's doing daily blogs as well
but yeah go show him some love
I'll link and below and right I'll catch
you next time I'm in the UK boom guys
I'm at my gate and I'm trying to upload
desperately it's too slow I don't think
I'm gonna get it uploaded in time try my
best day
thank you
guys we're sitting on the runway and
there's one minute remaining my upload I
really hope this works
well another aeroplane another toilet
conversation with you guys today has
been ultra short as a vlog just because
literally being either flying or
sleeping or packing or everything not
much exciting stuff going on today but
this week should be pretty cool like I
said to Cape Town just gonna be hanging
out and yeah it's gonna be nice a
different season it's going to be
summary or to me vibes I don't know I
don't know what season is about
virtually thank you so much and
yeah I'm very much looking for that same
nicknames and Rachel
I have been
spending some time soul-searching and
thinking and just figuring out as I
always do kind of assessing my life as
its evolving and thinking cool things
are happening and youtubes go really
well and everything and reuniting with
old friends like Mike and I realized
something that I feel sometimes I'm
missing I guess something that I felt in
the past has been when I've been most
happy is having people close to my life
that I am able to sacrificially love and
give time to and support and I think
since I've been doing all the YouTube
stuff the last couple years I haven't
had those kind of figures in my life I
thought it took it taken under my wing
and I guess yeah they would care for
love as friends and maybe it's just a
different season of it but I don't know
I've just been thinking a little bit
about how I can
fully be myself and not feel restricted
and and be the best person I can be
everyone around me I'm thinking I'm just
thinking out loud here so this might not
have a like an easy answer or conclusion
that I just thought amongst all of this
kind of traveling and having fun and
working people and doing cool projects
and even the occasional charity project
I want to find ways which day-to-day I
can feel more fulfilled and I never have
these kind of deep contemplative moments
on occasion but I just wanted to involve
you guys because I realized sometimes
I'm not letting you inside my head and
you're seeing my day-to-day activities
and hanging out people but I'm not
really letting him in on a deeper level
so that's something I'd love to do is
find a way day to day just
share a bit about what what feeling or
thinking in a deeper way I don't know I
just realized whether I like or not I am
a favorite role model to some of you not
always a good one but hopefully when I
can leave it's spreading a bit of
positivity and challenging people to
look at their lives in a new way so I
guess I just thought as well as kind of
going out there and living the adventure
also the deeper more meaningful things
in life like having the right people in
your life and they know what to care for
people and not live your life fully some
self centric where you're just the main
thing which I guess is ironic because
I've built my life every day and that
tends to shift my focus to me what I'm
doing
anyway I'm rambling but yeah just to let
you know I'm looking at ways to shift my
life not just eccentric around can I
have the funnest day everyday but also
how can I leave the biggest impact on
the world around me and people's lives
around me so I just wanted to let you
guys in on my thought process anyway I
will see you again in the morning when
we land in Cape Town and peeps now enjoy
life and live the adventure
