good morning guys it's just gone 5 a.m.
and we just arrived at Karachi
International Airport in Pakistan ready
to head off in the next leg of our
journey today we are heading to India I
think it's going to be about a five-hour
flight and I didn't sleep again last
night but um hopefully my tiny bit
asleep in the plane we also have to keep
Jaitley company so I'll try not to sleep
impossible yeah it's been an amazing
stay very quick as a lot of these stuffs
have been gone so states that we managed
to double up in Pakistan and yeah we
made we made an incredible friend Mars
it's been amazing thank you so much
whether fingers like that
we arrived about 15 minutes late I think
that was pretty speedy going through
like checking that's the boss will come
through ever even blow
I always get so excited don't we sleep
late again yeah right one
all right we are due to be taking off
and minus two minutes for good just
getting those windows nice and clean for
these photos gotta have nice clean
windows with photos
JC looking forward to India yeah I'm
sure we're gonna have an incredible time
in India just get in the air I'm an
American from just confirm our runway
length available from Foxtrot
I just had that serious deja vu moment
yeah when I picked up the airplane in
Oklahoma that's flying of Okinawa no
it's sitting like this and I said to
myself like just imagine like all the
landscapes that are gonna have passed
this window while I'm just sitting here
and this is sakis done right now which
is just insane yeah that's like taking
your car that's only ever driven in like
us in Kabul yeah see like also two
different places in the world and we've
done some pretty spectacularly different
landscapes look like the ice caps of
Greenland - like Pakistan
hey we've lost radio communication did
they say up the other channel is see
what free - work life this is the right
frequency Karachi November 2 and 0 from
Radio check loud and clear loud and
clear selling that's one two three
decimal 75 that as they are unable to
hear me I can hear them but they got
here in some circuit Oh Roger you may
continue Stalin Sergei some other
aircraft really through some other
aircraft and we have 10 we need to end
about 20 no eight one two three seven
five goodbye so nice to see trees again
yes you completely different landscape
we're gonna be seeing a lot of trees now
yeah I'm a dad but again then this water
it's crazy to think Tigers live out here
tigers elephants well they used to put
it that way yeah I don't know it's penny
left
that's the airport right ahead of us I'm
really struggling to grasp the fact that
would like it to fear
I love how JC's in a headache yeah I was
looking at that just before I was called
do a coat yeah I don't know why maybe it
was called a barium and definitely was
called for ain't cold oh boy
Mitchell ab32 when cops are after
believe there's a runway for us right I
just called I just did pollution No
all right Cara's down collapses sucks
alrighty let's nail this landing
we ran it there yeah
right while still waiting for fuel we
have some new partners to stick on the
plane supporters he Asian guys will know
who this is this is flight Topsy's steve
is a really good friend of mine and he
was like instrumental in making this
trip happen and yeah we thought we'd put
some stickers on here unfortunately
they're quite big in comparison to the
other ones so like putting it here would
you know not sued and he thought it was
a good idea Steve thought it was a good
idea to put it here cuz then whenever
the gear retracts you'll just see his
name could pop up I like it like yeah I
think I came this nicely now looking
good does he actually have like does he
actually have like a mustache and he's
actually got he's actually got the
mutton and then he just kept her dared
and I think it was his daughter dared
him to keep it oh my gosh it's amazing
say yes perfect
yeah he's been awesome like he really
has been really good to me it took a lot
of work to prepare for this trip and he
hosted me in Canada and did all sorts of
things so yeah go check him out if
you're in true aviation
yeah well link and below well guys
I don't know what's going on but I
reckon we've been here at least four
hours now since we landed the paperwork
that I left I actually don't know what's
going on me and JC is sitting inside the
airport jp's outside and has been for at
least two hours refueling the plane I
was just telling JC this is something
that in the US or some of the other
stuffs I've done in Europe takes maybe
15 minutes maybe 20 minutes max but four
hours I just can't wrap my head around
there so I mean we were warned this
could happen but I'm imagining JP is
gonna not being a good mood when he
comes back here we just need to go to
the hotel relax but we are yeah it's
away here
so who knows how much longer how you
feelin bro
you confused
don't know what they do I don't know
what they're doing either this is so
weird
just getting their coffee poured oh no
did you spill it get a coffee poured out
of a bag
it's nice awesome thanks we've made that
we made it out the airport
JB's a legend
driving through traffic is weirdly fun
to film like this is so much going on
this year DUP happy to share that I
think this is the festival is going on
right now
oh we've gone full chill mode we just
ordered room service we managed to get a
little kids bed put in here which I am
gonna sleep on the floor tonight this is
nice oh it's only 7 p.m. and I'm so
shattered we're gonna get off dinner and
then I think I'm gonna get an early
night I'm only managing to upload every
other day right now so there's gonna be
such a ridiculous backlog of vlogs but
it's the best I can do I'm sorry oh well
I fell asleep for like I fell asleep
like an hour
that's Halloween tip to get our room
service but this is looking pretty good
check this out just pulled out some rice
and then we've got some Oh rosy yes
yellow doll there's some nods in there
yeah yeah JP is already out for the
count
we are just gone like it's been such a
tiring day even though it's just been
traveling here yeah
morning and find some adventures he sent
into alive
