so the lift is broken this morning and
we have to save you
stairs we have headed down to the lobby
and Devin is in town after his big
possible fiasco
he's finally managed to get hold of it
and he landed late last night
so I'm super excited sir hanging out
there today hello Jeff weird little fist
bump on the flight ends up in Florida
trying to find it but here last night in
the hand we started 6:00 in the morning
yeah good zombie hey man good little
yogurt when I copy as well
might get dressed food clothes on what
you payin so this morning was a bit of a
surprise we didn't know where we were
heading and with right now at this snow
tubing place this is a big hill other
people flying down it on big tubes I'm
pretty excited it's gonna be amazing
thank you Indian achieves its role
look at this walkway it's like a moving
walkway that's crazy
they should have these on ski slope
all right we got the top we're gonna get
into a big group like this we're gonna
go down together
but I think we're gonna try some toilet
is enough I'm a little bit worried of
going to too many spins he's saying that
the record here 36 spins but I get
queasy about spinning too fast but
Mike's me okay we're gonna go
so me and Mike are gonna race down there
where we've got two tracks and we're
going to let spin up as fast as they can
hope I don't throw up and this could be
pretty awesome
mike has died
Mike my dad of the baby going down yeah
yeah
we have just finished the tubing hello
well after an incredible morning lunch
we've got out the car because we just
saw this mountain goat in the road what
a nutter look that guy he's a bit
dangerous so you see how close I can get
a mess
I'm getting some nice shots a Pitman
that's good shot some little awkward
position but thankfully we have our
trusty monitor so I can spin it around
and see what we're getting see that so
me and Mike are leaving the rest of the
team Devin's gonna go and film some cool
stuff and we are heading in to have a
little spark guys look at these epic
swords and the walls just spotted me and
Mike were just saying it's lucky they're
up there because if they were down here
we would be having a sword battle right
now but I think this is the way to the
spa with white gowns on little sandals
and we're heading to get our deep
tissues from 90-minute massages and then
we're gonna go and chill in the hot tubs
and saunas and steam rooms
the guys we had bought space be an
hour-and-a-half massage she extended
mines probably to like always two and a
half hours
it was noting place here it was
incredible pretty full-on and and now
we're just chillin in an outdoor jacuzzi
well me and white have cooked ourselves
we've successfully cooked ourselves
saunas hot tubs steam rooms we're now
we're gonna get going at cookies we're
gonna get picked up anyway and then get
some dinner
family cookies let's just get a little
handful of these maybe they're not like
yeah I'm thinking how many is too many
that's a big question
your little stack that's where we were
guys we were just in that hotel
right we've stopped off to watch the
sunset before we head to dinner in some
nice shots Dever dude look at this
perfection
this is how devon takes photos with his
red dragon
my
just reviewing some of Devon's footage
Alex ok so good dinner time there is a
ride will you have all pretty much gone
for steak and I've gone for some sweet
potato fries of mine oh this is amazing
this is a 17 out steak everyone sitting
we're gonna do it Mike I think we're
gonna complete the challenge okay so
Lily a good day yeah it's been a hard
day meeting after meeting well I've been
up for a few hours with Mike and doing
bit of editing playing around with some
miss shots from today but I've decided
not to stay up super late and finish the
Edit but instead get some sleep because
we're going up early guys and we're
going on an incredible helicopter ride
over the national park looking down on
the lakes for like two hours but we have
to get up I think I have to be up at
quarter past seven so I don't want to be
grumpy and tired and stuff so I'm gonna
sleep now I'll see you in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
