hi I'm Lily Safra Netherlands and you're
watching fun fluey enjoy is a fresh
Easter morning Easter Sunday morning and
we just got Easter eggs check this out
little bunnies amazing and we're gonna
go and get breakfast I feel great today
guys I feel excited much much better
than yesterday I was I was worn out
let's do this so we're in Kenmore at
this bike repair shop and apparently has
the best coffee in the whole town amen
no one's - you guys look at the size of
these tires yeah
do these ride in the snow why they see
big yeah Wow
that is a humongous mountain look how
high those emily's are very messy
breakfast
we had a great breakfast and we've
wandered down the road we're going
shopping me and Mike are looking for
cowboy hat I don't know whether we going
to find them in but this is the shop
apparently this is their biggest doesn't
even it's not even close to big it is
like where yes Mike I like that I'm
jealous
I'm genuinely jealous genuinely jealous
so this is soft one seems simple seems
to stretch now that's cool and I can
tell you this
Hamid Russo behind howdy partners that's
American I'm I'm being kind of obviously
but I will take this to America when we
do some horse trips there as well I
haven't even checked the price yet but
the fact that they found hat that fits
me is very exciting to you
oh yeah we got it we got our hats so
I've switched out tops to feel a little
bit more authentically like a cowboy
rather than a bright blue snowboarding
jacket and now we're gonna go find our
horses these rule the horses hey guys
they're just chillin up they see this
guy's interested hey bro how you doing
oh boy blue my boy blue oh hey man if
yes what's your host code like his head
knocks really cool okay
all right
so guys these horses are western-trained
which means you ride them holding the
reins with one hand and you can easily
control them like you just lean it to
the right of the left you put it back
other horse riding I've done isn't as
easy as that I don't know what other
styles the training horses are on but
this seems like the best this is amazing
and so chilled and it's incredibly
magical Claire look at Explorer which is
riding through
yeah what's going on that
guys I said it last time I went to horse
riding and I'm gonna say again I love
horses and I don't know why I've never
known that before it's so I'm riding a
massive animal and he's just chilled I
can do this for days I kid
Mike's horse is very naughty keeps him
biting my horse or something sniffling
I'm a blue chill out little back off
blue back up
thanks area man
thanks bro well the trek is over I'm
about to get back in the car
these guys have pump the heating on
because we are very chilly but yeah I
cannot describe how epic that was good
this incredible scenery around us these
mountains breathtaking I'm warming up my
fate
phyto it's literally like a big ice cube
how did you find the whole sorority Mike
yeah that's cool yeah did you enjoy it
Emily yeah yeah it's fine yeah yeah I
think the naughtiest horse is definitely
my source blue no II thought yeah I was
gonna say do well match do both back at
wildflower warmer cheers Mike kiss
chinchilla soup we got sandwiches in
brain like lions they want more so we
had left the cafe and we are about to go
on a gondola all the way to the top of
that mountain we are taking a little
walk to the highest point over here
there's a little Tower at the top
alright I've come off the foot pot and
I'm going for a little trick to get a
time-lapse so I'm climbing underneath
getting a bit snowy thinking of my
balance the balance the camera on here
so I left my camera down there doing a
little time lapse
guys we just started walking up the
footpath and I couldn't find my zoom
lens and then realize I dropped it in
the snow over here what he's a bit
reticent isn't it
moment of truth
is my camera still here after kind of 20
minutes leaving it and doing a
time-lapse yes yes it is
yike
guys this is hilarious basically Mike
hasn't got an Instagram so we were
thinking of concepts of him starting an
Instagram and in the past he's been
known for getting completely naked and
standing artistically in scenic shots so
we're gonna do a shot where these guys
are at the top on this path and Mike's
getting completely naked and he's going
to be looking out over the mountains and
they're gonna get a shot a wide shot of
him and I think this will be the first
photo on his Instagram account so you
guys better go follow him and give him
some love our link is Instagram account
below and you can suggest cool places
you can go and pose naked we're just
hoping there aren't any families walking
past right fight it's done that's quick
guys going to give that a thumbs up
gonna give it a like an Instagram who's
that refreshing Mike
all right let's roll back that's so
beautiful
so as usual it's hot tub time hopefully
we'll get a bit longer in there today
because the night timings just worked
out perfectly probably got like an hour
and a half to dinner it's probably about
the right amount of time to get in a hot
tub I'm getting out the hot tub because
we just spotted a little bunny rabbit
over here what's he doing hey man are
you doing bro
I've got some chicken
cephus Donna I got some pork schnitzel
little side of mash pretty excited about
this didn't it was great in that was
great well a great day and it's been so
good hanging out at Mike we haven't
really seen each other in years and
despite have you been best friends for a
long time in the past
I think he's slowly getting used to the
whole social media thing and I'm so
excited that he started his first ever
Instagram account today and he's a
little bit shy though so I think before
he posts his first photo which we took
earlier I think we should try and get
him 5,000 followers on Instagram so head
over there now a Lincoln Beuerlein if we
can get his numbers high enough he'll
post his first photo and then I'm sure
he'll keep it up as well our pest room
but that's super exciting for me anyway
and I will see in the morning and then
or then tomorrow trying fun I'm loving
Canada so much I've seen the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
