hey guys this is my dog t-rex and this
is my pony board and I live in London
England and you're watching from for
Louie well guys it's been a late start
to today I basically went straight to my
office hotel to come and meet Jack in
Chizik and I've been chilling at his
house looking at some of the cool video
projects he's been working on and now
I've come for a little stroll to get
some lunch whilst he finishes up some
work and then we're making some fun
plans with the rest of the day I'm not
sure what mood I'm in
hmm just good see what sir what Chyzyk
has duffer
well I found somewhere that says sausage
and mash I am super excited love
sausages
that was a delicious meal and I'm now
gonna finish it off with a copy from
Galvez really nice copy placement is
akin you're ever in physics I think
actually the chain you ever see a gay it
is very nice coffee check out that car
so we've been chilling all day and we
are finally getting out Steve is arrived
oh yeah and we are in Jack Landrover how
you doing jack again this is Abby's this
is amazing everyone's fine under us now
this
yeah it's really fun you can push all
the cards out the way when we get out
I'll show you guys the exterior we've
also got pitching yes we're gonna take
you for a walk
look at this guy take me on an adventure
Jack yes wait wait wait with your little
sister with your little sister so that
you feel snapchat yeah we should say oh
yeah you're not supposed to show you
know you're not supposed to show people
where this oh yeah we're gonna click to
it 1 2 3 3 fame found that we have
bubbles play the bubbles yeah yeah yeah
maybe that stand the thing
it's like cumin birth solid liquid in
there uh-oh is that bubble or exact what
is that bro yeah okay
yeah
so guys just explain quickly a geocache
you can download the app this isn't a
brave a bar you basically can find
hidden treasures and they're all around
the world it's fun it's real life not
just a computer game thing is though you
do want to be that like grandpa I want
to be the cowboy bro he's like sitting
on the decking and just pull the
harmonica for your grandkids yeah all
sitting around a campfire eating baked
beans with your horses yeah riding those
guys bareback right let's do a horse
ride in America like a trek I really
want to do that give us a little tune in
your harmonica come on
yeah yeah somewhere with the rainbow we
head off story I'll show you the
exterior that is Jax bad boy what's his
name No
good boy you know we have come out for
dinner
gonna try bills Oh bills breakfast lunch
and dinner do it Bill Maher we said
breakfast lunch and dinner
no I'm saying breakfast lunch dinner to
rise Thai green curry where you're there
see we get there jack a piece of
broccoli and
no bestie bathtub it's too bad guys I
found this big chunk of ginger my drink
I got you ginger beer whoa hey oh thank
you so much this is a cheesecake
like this is C this is Steve's idea good
idea
we're in central London and with mal
with Dave hey let's just do a little
chairs cheers boys cheers boys gays do
is we need ginger beer yeah
we just call an uber getting on a train
at Clapham Junction - the quickest way
to get back
Steve's Park - Surbiton well and yeah
it's quite late already so we have to
get sausage rolls I know man
right Steve is dropping me off we
already dropped Dave off bro it's been
awesome enjoy Alberti yeah
thanks man yeah so as Steve just said
and like I said the other day tomorrow
morning first thing I'm heading to
Alberta Canada and I am pumped it's
gonna be so epic well as usual I'm gonna
get about 5 hours sleep before having to
get up and get on a plane I'll be flying
into Calgary I think and I've oh I've
got an itinerary for the next week I
haven't noted it I think maybe I've
looked there but I can't remember it all
I know is it's involving snowboarding
helicopters maybe dog sled sledding
tobogganing and some other stuff pretty
much the kind of similar trip that Ben
and Steve did last year I am pretty
pumped they is gonna be incredible I'm
gonna get some sleep now in the morning
I'm gonna introduce you to my friend
Mike which you may have met you may have
seen he was um I think he was in
Amsterdam when we were all riding the
mopeds yeah that's when you last would
have seen it which was a long time ago I
was like beginning in last year possibly
that might even be before that anyway
you're meeting tomorrow and
Devon's gonna be out there as well so
get ready for some epic epic filming all
right see in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
