good morning guys I've just jumped in
the car my parents and we've come to
pick up my grandpa go for some lunch so
we provide the whiskey gardens for lunch
it's a lovely day bit windy
is a massive hurricane that rice he's a
massive writer to sit down for eat the
chicken schnitzel looking pretty nice
and rhubarb crumble well that was a
delicious lunch I particularly enjoyed
the rhubarb crumble which I'd say it's
actually one of my favorite desserts
how's your lunch done chicken schnitzel
chicken schnitzel yeah look at this guy
where's he going
all right going in the greenhouse
tropical temperatures
well guys it's definitely more my kind
of climate cause we've had never heard
of slightly enlarged lemon that is a
massive lemon because it's the golden
bunny Jason if he lives over here Louie
had phoned in a waterfall
let guys its the Easter Bunny hunt there
is surprise - Rosie Rosie like a Kiwi
son
with look the best courses on their
Island in literally countless first
prize first prize first prize
not everyone can win first prize
everybody's already here these different
types of daffodils guys I didn't know
there were so many touch the daffodils
what I can tell you though eating
daffodils is poisonous I once ate a
daffodil and very very sick I always
passed out actually very yeah yeah very
poisonous it's not the flower but it's
the stem they poisonous they've never
read a decorative stem I just walked
into another section of the greenhouse
it's even hotter in here I love this had
to get my coat
it was places like this I think there's
more is actually Kew Gardens in London
but and places like this that inspired
me to decorate my bedroom as a jungle
when I was a kid I think when I
eventually get another property at some
stage of my life I will create some cool
and environments inside with the jungle
or something there's the mist up keeping
the humidity in here nice and humid well
this is the desert section lot of
cactuses
I think only why I would love it here
alright I'm back home just made a coffee
and I'm having a slice of cake did you
remember to take we made the other night
well I forgot to show you the final
final cake but this is the last piece
and this is Darcy's Instagram this is
what they're the final result of our
cake making looks like we are just
getting ready to film and mr. Cole cooks
episode you guys might be excited about
that it's been probably over a year
since my dad's last uploaded on this
YouTube channel
although Darcy's just got back from a
hard day at work and she's just realized
whoever just realized
serious okay okay how long do you
predict desert cooking what we're
cooking today on the table in the know
yeah gonna set up some lights it's not
better illumination to fill me I just
finished helping my dad film mr. Cole
cooks which will be in this channel I'm
gonna put pressure on him it will be on
this channel where they found this
videos up and this is a little sneak
preview and what pretty much demolished
most of it it's delicious
we've got a laptop club going on and
dad's editing his video a last few
minutes yeah yeah it's done well done
well so he's getting used to this whole
editing malarkey I'm also trying to
catch up with my vlogs I'm a little bit
behind laptop club over 2:30 a.m. how
did you find your editing does bring
back memories he's done a very good job
guys you should definitely go and check
the video out I'll link it below it's
one of his best and it's a great recipe
I actually don't tell Darcy where I
actually ate Darcy's plate cause she
didn't come down to eat with us it has
been a very chilled day today and it's
been a really nice time this evening
bonding and my dad filming his cooking
video and yes nice staying up late and
editing together as well I always enjoy
being home when I am home because it's
just a good time to bond with family in
general that's my main kind of motive
when I come back to the UK which isn't
very often and those of you
that haven't heard yet I don't think
I've made any kind of announcement I'm
off again on Friday which is in three
days and I am going to Alberta in Canada
where Ben and Steve went I'm gonna be in
some snowboarding and dog sledding and
likes bobsledding and other loads of
crazy things with Devon he's gonna be
out there as well which is gonna be
pretty epic so get ready for that and
yeah I'm gonna just next few days just
catch up with as many people as I can
sweet right I will see in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
