hi guys my name's Shannon I live in
Charleston South Carolina
and you're watching fun for Louie boom
good morning guys so I slept in today
it's gone midday so actually it's not
morning these guys have been waiting
down in the lobby for me for ages and I
kept him waiting anyway we're heading
for breakfast now but as we came out the
hotel and there's this big procession
going on it sir apparently prom some bed
at night but we've just missed there's
like guys marching and they're just like
waters down there how old are you Klux
Klan II did these costumes look
I'm fascinated by what this is I
thankfully understand is anyone know the
tradition here and why people are
dressed up wonder in the cake okay
please let me know I hope it related to
the cake okay / it looks very similar
now whether or not this is a harmless
religious tradition or not you've got to
hear this
dodgy is left me feeling very uneasy
I know there's another thing about
preserving cultural traditions
the guys
caught her address or not
well I certainly don't blame these guys
for leaving that possession
we've sat down to have some lunch and
I've been researching up on this whole
procession thing apparently it's been
happening in Bilbao since 1553 it's a
medieval tradition and it was later
adopted by the KKK which is just really
unfortunate the people involved here I
think but maybe in Spain it's not a big
deal but I just think globally it's
incidentally uh something identified
with an extremely another racist group
and kind of passing them right Matt
Scott and something a state thing me and
David are showing this massive paella
well that looks yummy dessert has
arrived death white chocolate chocolate
mousse and that pie which they called
apple cake in the menu but you know
close enough we go back from lunch and
we're all feeling pretty tired we've got
a few hours to kill so we sort of just
come and cheer in the hotel lobby and
play some cards the procession are
coming past again
all right time to head off gracias
all right Matt is off almost miss his
flight we were just sitting in chatting
and then he realized he's like wait I
think maybe that was my flight
but luckily people are still boiling so
I think it's fine
oh it's been an amazing clean amazing
few days man babe that's you back in
London I've just grabbed some dinner
bloggers rendering and my flight is
boarding
perfect timing I'm finally boarding
flight London have a nice flight chilled
beautiful sunset takeoff
right once again through security my
friend Nick is picking me up today I
might go for coffee or something
oh there's no one in this Airport no
yeah me and Nick describe the coffee
coasters and now I'm going to go outside
and brave the weather apparent
apparently it's not good weather right
guys I am back with the family yeah how
you guys doing
chillin being film watching and I just
had some dinner made for me thanks mom
and then me and I see you're about to do
some cooking some baking hey Darcy what
we making Darcy I love chocolate orange
so what's first Darcy we're gonna need
you to with all our eggs okay skills
one-handed
chocolate in there sweet egg next stop
flower
another boy oh yeah right there's only a
200 min a day up well next up we need 50
crowns
where with their different textures in
their oil gloopy if you can be bothered
to juice an orange to do that are you
voting we just pour some of this in
there these are just some extra
flavorings to kind of enhance the cake
but we got the essentials like orange
the chopper orange cake and vanilla but
then we're maybe gonna go into some
caramel and honey no this is my weapon
of choice to attack these oranges so I
googled what the equivalent amount would
be one orange so we don't put too much
in and it's about 50 gram okay and it
doesn't matter that it's like flowers no
you can't put it back now okay this got
flour and ass that's very true I
finished xisting the oranges and dosa
can add some glazed mixed peel
guys I forgot to show you in the post I
got this fluffy thing since my camera I
saw Roman Atwood had one so I'm going to
try it because then I can be outside in
the wind and you will to hear me because
there's so many times like I can't vlog
for too windy this smells incredible
smell that and it's just about to get
more chocolatey we've got some chocolate
we just have to break this very very
delicately into some small little chunks
Darcys that I can use the rolling pin is
to down at the chopper carefully with a
knife check this out noise this is our
chocolate chunks we're going to add yeah
we are almost done I just need to taste
this
Darcy is preheated the oven at 180
degree Celsius
just to let you guys know it is past
2:00 a.m. the perfect time to do some
baking I think amazing icing yeah Paul
all mixed in we mix the melted chocolate
in and hatful of vanilla and half a
couple of camera cool and then we're
gonna spread it on this well I've had a
very enjoyable night hanging out with
Darcy having some good brother sister
bonding time she's taught me a lot about
cooking cakes and we're going to get to
enjoy a hard work tomorrow morning when
we finish it is now cool cos three
probably bedtime and I'll see you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
