hi everyone my name's Louie I like
cycling
Here I am it's in Somerset who's the
sheep and lambs I hope you enjoy
watching this fun for Louie video as I
always do
peace out enjoy life and lives Louie's
adventure boom it is a beautiful morning
in Cape Town and unfortunately I'm
leaving but we're gonna go out and grab
a coffee and hopefully see some views
because rate hasn't really seen any of
the cool views yet so we're gonna we
don't have time to go out to Table
Mountain but we're gonna go up Signal
Hill and yeah hopefully she can get a
little taste of the beauty of Cape Town
for her next visit it's sad to go right
we just popped into ORMs to get nickel
ends and we bumped into Dan yo man high
five yeah we saw him briefly the other
night at the party and now I'm heading
off but next time I think in a month
time we're gonna come and hang out these
East LA till hey guys if you didn't see
a video that Dan made a few months ago
he did a awesome interviewed me he's an
incredible filmmaker need to go and
check it out check out his channel and
also just don't send him some love
because he's about to go in for an
operation on his foot and it's gonna be
a real tough time for him so any support
he gets to be amazing I'll link all this
stuff below
we're at the top of Signal Hill now
Tasha clear day
while the fire came up here I check this
out this is an aftermath of the fire
that
we realized every day we haven't got
group photo so we're gonna take a group
bio on this picture frame thing for
Table Mountain behind us that was a
super speedy photo shoot fantastic news
guys
I managed to get an exit rotate we
thought they'd all gone but this means
I'm actually gonna have some leg room on
the flight which literally transforms
the fight for it
it turns it from being very
uncomfortable to only slightly and we've
got just enough time to have a little
coffee after the girls grab some
breakfast before
a jump from a plane
look at HT
how'd you feel about the new romance in
Anders life just knowing I'm the place
really the time has come where I have to
leave and it's been amazing guys thanks
for incredible week team team from fluey
yeah boo bye now I know that sound is
very arrogant that the team is about me
now the team started because of what I'm
doing but I just wanted to point out
guys that I view Nick and and rach as
equally as important and I value them a
lot even though this week has been a lot
about me and what I'm doing with my life
and with YouTube and everything i yeah i
massively value what all the others are
doing and that we've been able to do
something together because for so long
for me i've been trying to do stuff on
my own
and it's just not as enjoyable as
getting input from other people and been
able to come up with projects as a team
and doing things together so I think for
the first time in a long time I'm super
happy with the people around me that
were able to create together and do
stuff and as a team rather than so life
today just thought I needed to explain
myself there
so guys I've arrived in Dubai after I
think maybe like a nine hour flight I
don't know
Ashley fell asleep most of it watch a
couple of movies when we first boarded
and then yeah try to get some sleep
all right now basically we were delayed
when we were about to land we're like in
a holding pattern for a while which
meant the mcat now just back off a
little bit late for they're already
boarding
though his wine license final call which
means making supported everything
the hair wasn't alighted more we missed
it
well we have a few hours till we arrive
at Bangkok then it's be honest
we know the plan but I know the vague
plan if I quite like not memorizing all
the details because then there's a bit
of a surprise element of the day I think
all I know is there's gonna be someone
waiting for me and I'm heading to the
hotel I'm guessing a bunch of the other
guys are going to be at a hotel as well
and then I don't know what we're doing
this evening I'm hoping there's a bit of
a children today because I've had a
whole day of travel and I guess everyone
else as well
but yeah it's been a while since been to
Thailand I think the last time I came
here I was 18
so yeah it's gonna be amazing looking
forward to it and you guys should be
tape
I will see you when we land peace out
enjoy life Olivia venture
you
