good morning guys I am still in Greece
in lesbos and we've been over a few days
just interviewing people getting to know
this island and hanging out with
seraphim who's kindly invited us to come
and hang out with him and he's hosted us
generously and basically we are doing
something really exciting today we are
meeting with an organization that they
kind of look after a lot of the children
that are unaccompanied that have come in
as refugees and aria has jumped in to go
and meet them and he's going in the bus
with her and then we have just managed
to go and get some cookies to give out
to them and then we're gonna be meeting
them all at the beach where they're just
gonna have like a fun day out and
hopefully we'll get to chat to a few the
kids as well so let's go meet you
oh yes price how you then
guys bad news
I took the drone up to get some shots
and I was getting like a a low flight
over the water and just out of nowhere
we just dropped
altitude and just literally dropped into
the sea and it just like suddenly went
blank on my screen I was like oh this is
a lovely shot like what the Seas flying
below and then it just it just like nose
dived into the sea and it's out there
it's probably like 50 meters out there
so seraphim's up in swimming shorts on
and go and find it for me but it's kind
of pointless because it's already like
soaked in the seawater and it's gonna be
you know it's dead its destroyed but we
might be able to salvage the SD bridge
we need to key this pretty rapid right
I'm guessing it's not like a normal
length how long can we do this when do
you need to leave oh you don't easily
say can you introduce yourself maybe
tell me your name where you're from
where you grew up just a bit of your
story okay okay so my name is Eva froggy
I'm an architect I am from Greece the
challenge was when in 2015 the big
refugee wave started from Turkey and we
were helpless this is how can describe
the whole situation we were helpless and
we felt desperate because the we thought
that there is nothing we could do then
we started coming helping up the shores
in the morning at 6 o'clock 5 o'clock in
the morning before we go to our jobs to
work so we're coming here during the
winter it was 2 degrees Celsius 1 degree
Celsius it was very cold people are
coming out of the sea frozen blue they
were blue but it was just an instant
what we can do what whom can give for
them not to die actually from the cold
because you saw babies infants actually
that will be when they were not
breathing and we had no doctors we had
nothing so the situation was a crisis I
would say it wasn't a situation it was a
crisis of course there are bad sides and
good sides there were some great people
that were all we don't want them because
of the l√©gion we don't want them
because they're afraid of Islam we don't
want them because they're gonna steal
our jobs we don't want them because
where are we gonna put them and Greece
is under a big economical crisis now
right now it cannot feed their own
people so how are we gonna support all
these thousands of people that are
coming ok these are things that are kind
of true
some of them maybe they have a base at
least but this was not the majority the
majority of the people they just saw
desperate people that have lost
everything they have lost people they
have relatives they have lost family
they have lost houses they have lost
their belongings everything and they
just have a backpack their child their
wife or whatever in there trying to
Sables noise we just had a really
amazing interview with Eva she is the
president of the communications was it
cool again
coexistence and communication that agian
and we were just asking what would be
most helpful for support for her and she
said really if we could get some
fundraising going to help fund trips
like this where they're taking their
unaccompanied minors from Moria the
refugee camp down to the beach trips and
trips and outings and stuff and also
potentially if there's any volunteers
even just to help them get more
organized because you're saying wow so
if anyone wants to come out and support
a bit more maybe because we were even
wondering whether there's like a
fundraising page set up which I think
there is and if there is oh I'll link it
below you guys can support but yeah it
was kind of emotional just hearing
what's been happening here on this
island and probably other islands and
just just the support that the local
Greek people have you know it really
stepped in and then given to to the
people that have arrived from all over
so yeah pretty incredible and
is a pleasure to meet you Larry
inspiration before we head off for the
rest of the day we are going to try and
salvage the Mavic if we can like it's a
long shot I don't even think we'll find
it we might be able to at least get the
memory card out and we may as well try
and fix it but it has been sitting in
the sea for over an hour so just
chilling cooking yeah seraphim's kindly
offered to go for a little swimming on
it
we managed to get a little girls mask
all right I don't have a lot of pipe I
do not have a lot of paper about it
we're going to Sarah from out there but
the problem is we I do have the last
known GPS position before it crashed but
it's just out in the middle of the water
there's no reference there's literally
no reference if we find and then just
try it out for a couple of days no luck
Yeah right was sat down for some lunch
in miscellany right by where we got
Barry in the other day yes I'm ready for
some pasta let's good seraphim's for a
quick little teaching that didn't have
long 45 minutes we now
we're now heading to some natural Hot
Springs nearby via somewhere else we're
just going to do a little little photo
shoot and and then later this evening
we're going to the refugee village where
this guy Stavros who we met the other
day has invited us to film a kind of
music dance event which apparently it's
just really really cool because
everyone's united together they're
dancing maybe we'll get to do some
interviews so it's gonna be a full-on
evening we're running a little bit late
cuz we're losing the Sun yeah like sorry
it's gonna be a good night isn't it
we've had a nice little dip and we also
met some cool girls that are working out
here they've been out here a couple of
weeks like from Italy Germany America
and working in the main refugee camp
Moria
one of them was originally her heritage
is Iranian and we were thinking Aria was
saying as well we should plan next year
a trip to Iran you know how to be
amazing so yeah watch this space Iran is
on my list of countries I'd love to
visit so we have arrived now at Cartier
which is like one of the the more
civilised refugee camps they actually
don't want to be referred to as a
refugee camp it's more of a village
where there's residents here and yeah
it's amazing we had a little look around
earlier but this is the first time we're
allowed to film anything in here and
we're going to be heading to like a
music event tonight it's going to be
pretty epic
guys this is just the most incredible
experience walking in that 10 just
jumping on the dance floor
like I have no idea what I'm doing but
I'm trying to dance I'm just trying to
pull this in dance moves and we managed
to grab one of the guys
Sam out he's from Arad and he's gonna do
a little interview with us yes bro good
yeah my dream for Afghanistan is just to
see a peaceful Afghanistan and developed
Afghanistan Afghanistan that people
doesn't have to leave their homes their
loved ones and they shouldn't forget to
dream anymore I mean I just want that
that's my only wish for my country a
peaceful Afghanistan I don't know if
that's possible or no but that's what I
wish though is it's time to leave we
just did a co interview with address
from Afghanistan hey thanks bro yeah
it's really cool so the mission now is
we're gonna try and find some food it's
very late it's like them
twelve I don't know what kind of food
we're gonna find but who knows maybe
we'll find something I've got to be at
the airport in six hours
that is not wise no idea no idea okay
back at the house yeah it's been an
incredible trip I'm just kind of
I might need a day or two just to
process my time here in Greece but it's
been amazing really eye-opening
emotional and yeah definitely want to
come back at some stage yeah I've
learned a lot and hopefully got some
pretty good content and yeah hopefully
you guys have learned a bit too right I
will see you very very very early
tomorrow morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
