hi guys my name is Hugh I'm currently
living in Ukraine Kiev but I'm
originally from Australia and you are
watching fun foolery
good morning guys little bit chilly
today in Cape Town it rained last night
so we know it's not summer weather
anyway we're jumping in an uber and
we're heading for breakfast
Thanks
all right before we go get Frenchmen we
have come in to resist the company which
is the best place to get company in face
down Cheers
race is the most legit coffee drinker
here cuz she's not having no kinetically
tell us what's happening Rachel this is
like the most legit way to make coffee
apparently
and it's also because it's Andy's
birthday soon but will will sort that
out tomorrow was allowed tomorrow this
is the neck do you know another thing I
love about this place guys is all the
two metrical shapes they've got these
lampshades and their booths we've got
these little these little plant pots and
all the tables I like it
attention to detail - guys it's Andy's
birthday next week but me and Rachel
would have left by then and Rachel
wanted to get and a leather bag so
they're in the back there she's picked
around nice leather bag so it's nice
check out which one are we getting we
don't know yet we're testing the less I
don't have this isn't big enough for a
laptop okay this is the bag yeah okay
that this is the broken crappy bag that
unchaste okay this yeah right we have
the birthday present great she's trying
to pry so itself away from buying more
bags
no more bags right so this is some
interesting kind of smoothie thing that
me and Rach gonna try food has arrived
we've got some pretty crazy omelets
going on here look at that that's nuts
it's giant
where'd you go there Rach I mean yeah we
finish up food and we'll come back into
Rosetta and we are in full flow exciting
today we are looking at rebranding all
of my channel and with women chatting
this week about starting a blog which is
quite exciting this is all stuff in the
pipeline
if you've got any ideas of whom we
branding stuff and you can we meet
Thanks thanks for the extra hour in your
coffee shop even though you closed and
thanks to the amazing coffee but best
coffee in Cape Town we had a very
productive laptops of today
one more question I needed to ask you
guys is are there any cool blogs my
design blogs that you love and could you
leave them in the comments below so I
want to check out some other cool
designs and blogs and stuff and kind of
fill out that's why I don't want to go
for this is a long-term project guys
this isn't going to launch anytime soon
but I just thought I'd include you
because there's so many secret projects
going on around I've got plenty of
secret projects as well but this is one
that I thought it could include you guys
and also asked like what kind of stuff
would you want me to write about and
what kind of articles and call it blog
posts I guess it'd be travel related
adventure related yeah let me know below
zebras look on the side of the road see
we are in Africa
guys look how ghetto our uber drivers
cable is this is incredible look at this
bare wires take together movie before we
go I am we are just pulling into a photo
shop to get some part for my eyes this
little trip I'm doing at the end of the
week
affectionate yeah
it's fine no one's gonna bid Rachel was
you have 33 packets to dump
black very black covering Airways story
apparel is amazing so we are having a
late lunch at koi gham curry as usual so
it's pretty amazing the dress and just
gone for Thai curry and what you got for
H a wrap and that's and that's a wrap
nick has a right to pick us up and we've
got a special present for Nick this is
so you can make even better coffee Nick
this is so you can make even better
copies yeah
yeah
we're gonna have to test this out
tonight over price okay why not tonight
it's copy at night pass okay in the
morning we have just arrived at Ben and
Jeremy's house and arias Jeremy leaps
hey there bro yeah you having a fun band
practice in there we are
yeah it shows coming this weekend this
is serious how was your Kirsten box gig
loss was it last weekend yeah yeah god I
missed their news out here yo I think
only nice of pokeo days if they're
poking yes good my oh my god right we're
going on a house tour with Ben show us
around
it's just a magic right now yeah that's
a vegetarian alternative to the meat
washing up
your lounge
I had a little peek in the rehearsal
room yeah is that the rehearsal room
it's actually a music
yeah yeah big greenery in the room yeah
and yeah a little shower going on do you
find yourself being more productive
because you've got an axe were supposed
to sit down yeah this is what I don't
have in my life guys I don't have this
that is like some medieval wardrobe
isn't it and the big question is is this
now your home Cape Town oh are you is
your home in the UK yeah well yeah honey
feels like home
the colors here as well but home will
always be London yeah guys the point
Keyser's finally cooks this wish ones
this one this is ESPYs one this one is
this is Ben's double vlogging yeah
double blog it don't hold back don't
hold back
oh yeah yeah where is it
I've just finished my first helping and
it's such a tough choice between Ben's
and Matt's please
I think I've got say the lamb is amazing
but I think the flavouring in your is
the the Tori flavoring is is that the
secret tell us your secrets bet bro
that's yeah you'll learn it faster
amazing I think it's time to go home but
Nick's got very excited he's just
figured out Jeremy's loop pedal Nick
loose
Jeremy on the mic on the harmonica many
of you going to bear at the harmonica
you been practicing
yeah yeah keep working on it bro
I'm joining in a little bit
we better guy goodbye everybody
oh it's been incredible thanks for your
hospitality in your lovely food yeah
it's awesome
one man's dinner pokey see that boys
tomorrow then hopefully Wafi Wafi guys
nick pox maybe in some spot and now he's
trying to edge out like Austin Powers
why you two totally keep straight now
it's totally keep straight though how
impressive is that how impressive
what a great night there was so much fun
jamming with Jeremy and Baird and Nick
and yeah I've done that in a while I
used to live with Josh records and a
bunch of musicians and I was like a
regular occurrence in my life but I
hover over the last time I had a fun Jam
cool I'm gonna get some sleep
tomorrow I think I'm heading up Table
Mountain on the cable car and because
Rachel hasn't seen much of the city yeah
it's gonna be fun day see then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
