good morning guys I have checked out my
hotel in Madrid my flight isn't telus
evening so I've decided to explore the
city a bit today first stop the best hot
chocolate place in Madrid guys this
place is established in 1894 it's
old-school super excited again
Oh cheer up these things you know these
deep four things I don't even know what
I made
comes with lunch
I'm burger bar Bosh burger delivered so
finished and I tweeted out saying what
should i do material got a few hours
before my flight and few people tweet
you back and I was like that's rapid
Madrid then I checked his snapchat and
Casper is in Madrid so I'm going to
don't try find it
and I don't really know where he is
other than who posted an Instagram with
a geotag though I'm walking to where he
posted his Instagram rocks I'm basically
stalking him until I can find him he's
also with Jonathan from the sequani
Jolie's
I don't know what I do it in it maybe
they do things from the toys they're not
talking something
I stalked his Twitter and I found this
this is the conference he's at someone's
obviously there and it is a studio San
Diego
Santiago something so I think I found
Casper according to the tweets I was
reading he's about 15 minutes drive away
so it's going to catch a taxi and I know
it's these boys and I was like when I go
for a little cycle it's quite a nice day
sun's out I think this is cycling
weather so see if I can make it
Wow
hey guys think this is where customers
listen left I'm to find something to pop
up this bad boy I'm going to find him
bad news guys I've arrived at the event
venue and I've got an email saying it's
like super tight no extra can come in
there may be a chance I'll be able to
catch the guys before their corporate do
tonight but I've also found out I can't
park my bike anywhere unlike London
there's only like limited number of
spaces to part your bike and they're all
in the center of town so I'm like sorry
for 20 minutes out of town and now I
can't park anywhere
so I have to start back I'm gonna
probably stalking back to my hotel get
my bags and then catch a taxi back here
see if I'm catching it's been a fun
cycle right there hey guys I picked up
my bags
jumped in the cab you'll never believe
this hazards dropping my bike off let
some girls have bumped into Casper so
they're like yeah we just met customers
like know why I've been looking for all
day so I just got an email saying
they're at a certain hotel so I'm gonna
get a taxi there now before I get the
airport it won't be late for my flight
despite my best efforts I didn't knock
me out with Cass but a failed attempt I
stopped into his hotel I wait in the
lobby they weren't getting back to me
and I just thought if I leave any later
I miss my flight so and made the wise
choice and left unfortunately then Sam
met a bunch of people waiting outside
for him like maybe next time
Casper next time here replace your DMS
or Facebook messages or text all right
that's me since the Bastian
all right that is a tiny plane to check
my luggage apparently my bag was so big
you can fit in the overhead luggage
compartment so it's got its own seat
pretty good
direction to be absurdly Guinness
mnemonic workers are inefficient
I've never been able to get it's working
on a plane before
that's telling me this lead that we're
flying
all right thanks
yes
she is coming at you
in San Sebastian and I spoke to Matt
when I landed and he didn't realize that
I hadn't hooked anywhere and I assumed I
was staying with him so spit very good
stay
I'm thinking maybe crashing the floor
but if no I have to find a little
hostile nearby I've been having some
problems with my internet box I need to
top it up and I don't know how but I
just arrived let's see what's going on
well I just split to mount the phone
he's on his way here now he's just in a
bar with his bride and he's saying the
room is really small he's not quite sure
with our bill to crash on the floor it's
all really about 10:30 at night say
they're not the place today is being a
bit of a day of failures spending four
hours looking for Casper not finding him
getting San Sebastian not having
anywhere to stay right I've met with
Matt and David and they found me
somewhere to stay
this is the relief my bags and we've
eaten yet so come out to find someone to
eat we found somewhere it's 11:30 at
night and this is like a tapas place but
because we're in the Basque Country
they're versions called Pinterest
apparently and this is this is all the
pinchos
so I'm gonna help myself some of this ah
thank you I'll just I just want like oh
I'm just gonna grab stuff that looks
good all right this is what I got for
starters this kind of omelet thing and
this deep fried cheesy hand thing I
think the guy thinks I've ordered too
much but I don't think so we've got a
few other things coming sausage some
meat thing and no sure it's Therese day
yeah this is duck liver pate fois he
said this is the best in pinch-off
senior pincho that they do oh and this
one more thank you there you go that's a
kidney now to keep you full guys the
food was delicious absolutely incredible
it was yeah and amazing my first time
having pin sauce and I'm a big fan big
fan see you later right they're off to
their hotel I'm off to mind all right
this is my little room guys it's kind of
cute I like this
I got no desk
all right let's get some vlogs edited
I'm in bed and I'm ready to sleep I will
see you guys in the morning and we're
gonna be exploring San Sebastian and
stumbling some more Spanish food and
culture see then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
