hi my name is aqua and you're watching
from so this morning we are heading down
for some brunch at Kirsten Boss which is
this beautiful gardens in Cape Town and
it's another incredible day
but the I think I would see much
breakfast yeah I just wanted my place
and sausages but I got a lot of sides
with them and there's some crazy
Schmeiser
you know
guys check this spider out this is where
we're heading now guys the canopy
walkway so children on vanilla if you
remember
this what waves or some guys we are
getting some inspiration from when I
finally build my treehouse village I
think I'm gonna find a better climate in
the UK sure like doesn't make sense
because it'll only be usable a few
months a year
this golden orb spider is eating a bee
yes bro
delish Kirsten Bosch is so beautiful
right we are back home and when you're
doing some life planning teach a style
Yeah right
what's best in the agenda
so guys we working oh you going to watch
the sunset tonight but we decided a more
efficient use of our time is actually
just carrion chatting and planning and
one of the reasons I'm here this week is
that we just figure out a lot of our
plans as a team team bump Louie this
yeah so this is kind of roughly what
we've been like sketching and planning
but we have just ordered some Thai food
which I'm quite excited about and we
think it may be just inviting a few
people over tonight and watching a movie
we've got any movies picked out is it is
that a stand-up comedian okay yeah
it's dessert time basically lots of
chocolates which is the best one orange
I'm not gonna stop I'm never gonna stop
this one here this squiggly woman this
one well it's been a very chill day
today we've done a lot of a talking and
planning and I've just for no it's nice
having Nick and and and rach around and
knowing that they all care for me so
much and one the best for me and i guess
challenging me ins and things and also
so no just giving me encouragement and
things i'm doing or should be doing but
should be doing but just like ways in
which I can better my own life and what
I'm showing you guys of myself and the
things I that motivate me things are be
putting more effort and time into and
the things I don't need in my life well
like all of those kind of things uh what
it is what we've been talking about and
I'm going to continue to talk about
first the week so I'm just excited to
see what comes from this time together
and there's just there's a lot of
exciting things that I like I said
before I will tell you about but I just
he's going to kind of unfold but
throughout the week I'm sure there's
things I won't be able to tell you it's
just all quite exciting and it's good to
feel like I've got a team around me now
yeah I've been wanting to be part of a
team and do things as a team so it's
starting to take shape
tomorrow we are going to a party in the
evening probably hanging out for the day
having fun and stuff but yeah I need to
sleep again now i'm i think i've beat
the jetlag i just need to get in a good
sleep in routine i want to sleep as much
as possible this week because oh yeah i
haven't told you I am going to Thailand
Cambodia and Vietnam with contiki on
Friday which is crazy with a bunch of
other youtubers as usual it's like the
annual Contiki trip and yeah it's going
to be absolutely incredible I haven't
ever been to Vietnam or Cambodia I've
been to Thailand before but these these
vlogs are gonna be incredible
action-packed lots of fun and hopefully
I will be able to I want to meet some
cool people out there as well if we've
got time and share with you guys some of
the differences in culture because when
I first went to Malaysia which is next
to Thailand when I was younger that's
probably the pivotal trip for me that
opened my eyes to a completely different
world and then you know I grew up in so
hopefully I can reflect some of that um
yeah just really looking forward to it
right I will see you guys in the morning
for another uplifting and edifying day
with Nick and ang and Rachel peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
