hello I'm Martin and you're watching
awfully good morning guys here again
only slept for like an hour last night
Oh getting in a habit the sunlight we
are now off to do some skiing in inside
a mall shopping mall in a big indoor ski
slope that's the plan and probably stay
with me but
so good
private now BC yo man we got a copy
Cheers
and yeah we're heading to the slope
right we've just got our boots we're
getting ready we're getting ready
particleboard ready to roll
this is just bizarre
what
we're going to head up on a ski lift
inside right I'm about to try my first
official ski slope here it is it's
actually very big first
how's that took me a minute to get my
snow legs back yeah
you guys excited this is actually pretty
good
I've just done the run it's pretty sick
yeah I know it's flippin the cold I all
yeah whoo high five boom we're having a
little meet up on the slopes
hey how nice is that the hot air right
back into the shopping mall
we've got changed out of our warm
clothing and we've wandered into the
food court in the shopping mall I'm
going to try and find some lunch I'm
keen for Indian food but we might get
some local maybe Lebanese
all right I got chicken Madras extra
spicy as usual let's let's see what
their extra spice is like well that was
a sufficiently spicy curry it was a very
big portion though and problem is now is
I've got food coma and we go scuba
diving in the second largest aquarium in
the world which is in divine mode before
scuba diving I'm getting are at the Burj
Khalifa and you know these guys haven't
been up the building yet I went last
yeah a year before pretty awesome
took a six you finish the whole building
we had around 50,000 people working day
and night it took them more than 22
million man-hours
so two years ago I came up the Burj
Khalifa and we came up to this floor
here which is the one hundred and twenty
fourth floor we're getting in the second
elevator now this is taking us at 148
floor I hope in one week on this College
hello no what's this it's lemon me then
was this pineapple oh it was this is
awesome
hello this is a demon thanks lemon on
Tuesday tisn't
Cheers
so today we are joined by team she's a
youtuber from device the biggest female
beauty yes I am Captain America we met
we met the other day at the the summit
yes time to use my inspiration so that
happens wasn't doing I want to change I
tore the viewers now specially the eyes
of the Muslims
please take my challenge I'll link it
below yeah check out yeah
now doctor this thing so crazy
the time I came here with Steve we were
on the 124th floor which I'm 20 can see
from here it's down there somewhere
heading back down thank you bye
guys this is the second largest aquarium
in the world and we are about to go
scuba diving inside so we've arrived at
the aquarium entrance and I guess we're
getting escorted through now to get
geared up with our scuba star and then
you know the plan I just know that we're
going to be jumping in the tank
look every so excited I'm looking for -
this one is nice
I think this is the tank here
this is it these are dinosaur eggs
they're actually creating a dinosaur
park in the mall only in Dubai
velociraptors I told him not to do it
but they didn't they didn't listen
Jamie's headed off see later she's not
coming diving with us
it's just Mina can act because Steve and
tame aren't qualified so Steve's going
to film from the outside and tank and
we're gonna be swimming around inside
we've got four wetsuits I this very
tight but mine's kind of weird though
yeah you're the one looks very similar
to its very stylish Henry and the
clothing I think you zip me up
I thought would be to try glue the where
iam is well actually no it's
surprisingly easily massive dreadlocks
and he's of us
we have just come out of the diving guys
it was incredible so so kind of Nick
almost got eaten by a shark
he was just floating up oblivious
oblivious to the shark above him did you
see that look how fun is that like
amazing did you enjoy and it's so good
and now we're in like some aquarium kind
of zoo place and there's like little
turtles and there's a crocodile
somewhere
do not touch I'm actually going to pay
attention that because it's piranhas in
here you don't want to touch the
piranhas oh they let me back into a
shopping mall back into real life whose
pregnancy everything exists within
shopping malls in Dubai anything you
want right way back in the hotel room
we've ordered room service for dinner
because we need to get to bed pretty
soon and we just thought this visit
easiest way to eat before sleeping I've
also just about finished a little
interview for Steve's YouTube channel is
it even set up you have you even started
the channel yet and I will before the
end of tonight okay so if you want to
watch a 45 minute conversation we've had
um it's a battle you know about me yeah
so you can let me know what questions I
should have I yeah we haven't how much
and that could be for the second round
sitting around see where else in the
world hopefully yeah that would be cool
yeah I'm on it yeah
bonding sessions eg Instagram Twitter
check it out check it out guys I forgot
to show you this you know I ripped my
shirt really badly falling off that
court by yesterday look at this
perfectly signed ah like they've
literally reassigned the whole like
semen you cannot be able to tell you
would not be able to tell I wrote that
well
I'm going to attempt to get more sleep
tonight in his last night even though
we've got like to get up at 4:00 or 5:00
in the morning I should still we have to
get better sleep I'm pretty excited for
that our Abilene as you know I've only
done one hot air balloon ride before in
Melbourne oh so it should be quite
experienced see in a few hours peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
