hi my name is Daphne and I'm from
Austria and this is my tea which is from
the UK and you're watching from fluey
enjoy boo guys I was feeling so
shattered last night I can manage to
edit my blog so I got up about 11:00
this morning after 12 hours sleep
managed to get it done now headed over
lunch
it's boiling in it we are just finishing
lunch and a burger and had some prawns
Nick had salmon and we are about to head
off on a desert safari my friend Steve's
about to meet us we need to go all the
back onto our room to gar stuff you sit
up there I've got coffee
I've just been collected by the Tourism
Board and I guess we're about to jump in
our car
we've arrived in the quadbiking center
we're basically on the edge of the
desert we're about to get our bikes it's
gonna be awesome
because camels over here as well be
making love these articularly in there
they comment anything in what sneeze
silico Sophia slippers you know what a
little know how these define a beautiful
camels here is the droopy little
the droopier the lifts are more valuable
yeah I'm not kidding I'm not making
perilla yeah they say is superfamily
it's like is hanging like a helmet that
fits me right I managed to find one just
about fit
it was tennis Oh years ago when they
rolled up in the town they stole the
show
show that use sex intimidation and
violence the plunder and take the people
under like pirate they started spreading
their seeds about and we tried to resist
but they squeezed the south so we went
underground off the map never on our way
back never on the way back
the next morning we gathered on the
Prairie looking down on the town on the
cemetery guys that was so nuts I didn't
film it but I basically got a meter of
air of one of the jumps nosedive the
whole quad bike flipped and I ripped my
shell they got some speed yeah did you
enjoy that Nick I can't believe you know
Steve Stewart did you see me fold to
this side no I think that's a very good
finish sweaty and dusty at the same time
yeah I'm glad I'm glad this camera still
working - how did you find that
average
right we've now got a little drive to do
some June bashing where we're gonna be
driving in this car and hitting the
desert dunes can we just do it here yeah
we don't start from here oh and it's 40
minutes of this yeah yeah yeah I got my
car stuck overnight
and I got beached on the G oh my god in
the middle of the night was like 2:00 in
the morning I had to walk back to my
turn
this is amazing yes what why why don't
we just go on the road this is a
shortcut
where're we going next switch into the
front which is uh apparently get really
sick sitting on the back
we've arrived at this local camp guys I
don't think I introduced him properly
earlier this is as is bin buzz of
Instagram am I wrong um now you are the
king of Instagram he's joining us for
all the activities today are you joining
us on Sunday for the fire ballooning as
well yeah what air ballooning Sunday
get some bread what is hummus yeah thank
you
you're a natural
back at the hotel after an incredible
day oh I'm tired and worn out again well
I've been up all night and I finally got
my skydiving vlog edited it took me so
long but I hope you enjoy it I have now
probably got like an hour before we need
to get up and go out today I'm going
skiing in an indoor ski slope while
snowboarding bubbly scuba diving in a
massive aquarium and we're going up the
Burj Khalifa that is the plan let's see
if I can stay awake peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
