and you're watching good morning guys
it's about Corpus 8 and I'm heading down
to breakfast and then me making and
you're heading to this conference today
the Arab social media summit is gonna be
pretty amazing guys just arrived at
breakfast look who's arrived in Dubai to
join me Nick and ang looking very smart
I think we're a little bit late I think
was like five minutes late
and we're just going to find that where
we should be I have no idea how many
people even coming to this could be like
30 people could be kivi like out you
know I love all these big signs Facebook
representing Instagram Twitter
yes YouTube first stop coffee
this is really exciting guys I'm
wandering around meeting important
people one of these guys over here is
like aged to the Prime Minister and just
kinda crazy that I've been selected out
pretty much all the YouTube is to come
though these guys from Saudi Arabia Wow
this is serious this is serious I'm just
getting a virtual tour from the top of
the Burj Khalifa I'm wearing this is
this the oculus rift this is this is
what I'm seeing this is me looking
around so
yeah
guys you know a few weeks ago there's
that post of the dress on I mean today
went crazy viral is it cold and why is
it blue or black well this is Kaitlyn
she was the one who actually took the
photo hey and she can confirm that it is
actually blue and black although
although that looks white and goes okay
just to confirm she was the one that was
actually there and actually saw it so
this is evidence
I've ducked out for a coffee and I'm
with Amy who you might remember last
year I went to the theater in London
where the outdoor theater and she lives
here
check out this car this is the shape
star look at number plate number one
so I think the whole reason of the
voiceless conference was to basically
share it on my youtube story and there's
not many Arab youtubers so they want to
encourage people to make videos from
Dubai or Saudi Arabia or whatever yeah
so I'm hopefully going to encourage this
to do over the next two days I'm not
doing any talk today tomorrow I'm doing
like an on-stage tour thing interview I
haven't prepared at all for but I've
been ensured that it's just going to be
chilled I'm just going to be answering
some questions and stuff
yeah it's a little bit of a new
experience me I am now heading to some
interviews got like five interviews and
we're heading for the venues and where
that's happening done I knew I'm getting
into Dubai but probably like the TV
shows from the other
behind me doing an interview he's been
doing this very much to palsy so special
interviews and then just a few casual
interviews as well and then being
stopped all the time to touch people so
it's been a really really amazing day
we've met crazy people and we're feeling
really really lucky to be here
there he is in the back he's doing a
really good job and these questions are
working so I'm finishing my interviews
and we just ducks back into the green
room before we go back to the hotel
they've asked for a picture to be behind
me on the projector when I'm talking
tomorrow so I'm going to show you guys
and why manage to throw together this is
this is the banner that I'm gonna have
behind me I just grabbed some of my
Instagram's threw my name on there
that's pretty cool actually actually
quite like that maybe I should have that
as my YouTube Bella sick
Nick how is how nuts has this been today
such a good connections here this to
expect this to be they were incredibly
friendly yeah like innovation it's
really nice I still don't fully
understand why I was invited but yeah
it's a massive honor and like I said
tomorrow will be the day I'm actually
going to talk and do something on a
stage I'm kind of looking forward to it
I still don't really know I'm gonna say
but I think that's funny YouTube channel
yeah saying about YouTube minima
did you have a good day and a good day
yeah made so many cool people pretty
different
he was really friendly I thought keen
for tomorrow wait anybody tell we can
have a little nap because well I didn't
get sleep till really really really late
buddy clumps messed up and then we've
got a special dinner tonight with some
of the other guests who the other guests
we've got the founder of next web we've
got the guy the guy who does humans of
New York what's his name Brendan Brendan
and then the guy called Cole right he's
just like the intricate blades it once
and the feelers and there anyone else
see over it out something basically lots
of cool important people in the internet
and then me and us and then boys
I don't think round as they live over
anyway
we're just ordering some food yes as
well as one in the area
whenever you got dinner neck
our a we're ordering food now only
either corner was gonna be like this in
the dinner this is probably a big
mistake amazing news guys
the hotel manager was so excited that I
put this hotel in my vlog that he's
upgrading us to the best room I've got a
suite on the top floor of the building
and so me and Nick and I are gonna move
into the suite and I'll get any more
ridiculous so check this out got there
not being laid out on the dining room
we've got in here amazing
as well got is that see the seaside
right there
all right we're tucking in I've got some
Thai green curry I'm making a mess oh my
like mmm cheers guys do you know what
this is very green drink right I've had
a little nap and we've just jumped in
the car
if you drive across the road again we've
got this meal that we're all going to my
entire guys
so dessert has arrived and I've been
told this is fresh cream with honey and
pistachios so I'm gonna give this little
taste
thank you
how was dinner guys I know build
everything I've stuck univille we were
chatting I was like half like asleep the
whole time because I'm just so
jet-lagged but are we having some good
conversations about Dubai the history of
Dubai politics and all that I was like
not really contributing but great
conversation videos yeah but it was
fascinating I'll tell you about it later
but it's kind of fascinating what do you
think of it all right we're heading
well guys I think I'm gonna call it a
night it's been an incredible day I
didn't really know what to expect and it
was yeah just great just get to network
with a bunch of people and have a little
window into the social media world in
Dubai I'm up early I'm talking first
thing I'm one of the first people
talking tomorrow about YouTube and just
giving advice on making videos and stuff
which yeah again I feel honored to have
been invited to be a part of this all
we've just been discussing tonight kind
of activities to do this week and fun
things none of which have been confirmed
yet but we're going to find out tomorrow
what we can get up to and yeah I'll
catch you guys in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
