good morning guys we are up bright and
early in lesbos we've been staying with
some locals and I'm barely awake I've
just managed to grab a coffee but we've
come down to this little patch of land
because okay because last night we
haven't dinner and we saw this really
inspiring group of people that were just
sitting around reading poetry and
playing music and we thought these would
be cool people to interview so and
there's lady Emma who has been living
out here and writes poetry and yeah
we're gonna go and just learn a bit
about her life and and get a good solid
interviewing for the documentary if you
haven't seen the last few vlogs
Arya's with me yes bro and he's been up
all night editing we're both being up
all night it's just been you know again
not much sleep but yeah this is gonna be
an exciting day gonna be finding some
cool stories and we've already found
some really cute puppies we can tell you
before we flew all the way to Europe by
a Greenland and Iceland so we like neva
gating the world and on it and I'm
documenting it with videos on YouTube oh
okay and where is this plane right now
is that mean Austria like we're getting
some maintenance done in officer
we can move it if you want no no it's
fine what's holding you great its holy a
great point up yes yeah bring it round
here grapes it was all about a foot
lower this will go on top of I guess
this one yes well I was 27 when I first
saw an olive tree oh that was the first
time I came to this I never seen an
olive tree before
once upon an island there are fish with
green bones and a holiday for flying
kites there are mountains no one lives
on in towns full of empty houses there
are men who spend all night alone on the
sea and men married to their bottle of
ouzo
there are children playing in the
streets and mothers who know somebody is
always watching there are gulls who fly
high for the fun of it and roaming
donkeys that nobody owns there are
edible greens covering the floors of the
olive groves and men and women who
gather them after the rains there are
young men who dance on the backs of
horses and young men who die in cars
there are sheep with bells that wake you
when they pass in the night and turtles
hibernating under the wild bushes there
are in Maine television shows and radio
channels without advertisements there
are goat cheeses and sheep cheeses and
cheeses of both and breads baked in
wood-burning ovens to eat them with
there are shellfish who spend their
lives spinning a hole into stone and a
spiky sea creature eaten raw that's said
to be an aphrodisiac there are buses
from the port town to bring the children
to school and holidays when the women
shine there are a handsome young men who
give you their hearts and dealers of
drugs who harm everyone they touch there
are days when the Sun returns your love
multiplied and days when without would
you die there are little stone houses
tucked into the sides of mountains and
some of them have poets inside
was all clean five days ago when my son
came it was immaculate but now it's
gotten catastrophe messed up this I can
give all of you guys your for right is
it just holding great it's 15 poems in
green and we are standing in front of
the voila gate oh because I had a
Wofford from Borla ah Belgium and I let
her make this gate we put this fencing
up to keep the chickens out because if
you don't keep chickens out they
all over your portrait oh oh so we made
this fencing when she was here and she
built the gate and when she finishes she
said well so no Jerusalem has the
Damascus Gate I have a wife this is the
chicken coop which was built with the
help of one of my loser drinking friends
but it has to have cement because there
are foxes and so you must have a port
floor and he told me this wasn't even
strong enough wire so we get that kind
of wire to go into the cement and at the
present time I have five hands and a
young rooster to live in a property with
no electricity or water what's that like
I'm so hot I it's funny because the men
all say oh you have no TV and the woman
I'll say oh you can't iron many Springs
change course many Springs dry up this
one always runs and from when I first
moved here people told me go get a hose
go take that water it's just going on
the road so finally I'd been here a
couple years and I had to go and buy
like 800 meters of black hose and she
was not running water from this oh I get
it from that spring Oh
oh wow she's named a hundred three yeah
this one is the Kathleen tree Kathleen
is one of my very best friends and in
America
this one is bumped by after my
grandfather and this is Nana show us
inside your house if you're happy to
ignore the mess I say I find a mess and
clutter it just shows that a person's
more creative thank you I think so then
I must be very creative so this is more
or less my storeroom and there there is
no electricity so you work with either
flashlights or lanterns or candles I had
kerosene lamps for a long time and then
my daughter sent me these three little
boxes out there yeah Phil what solar
they're wonderful wonderful but this is
always very dark oh wow this is really
nice and this is surprisingly light in
here for the known electricity you know
and when when I had the house fixed the
wall had fallen down there it was built
with only one window oh okay house there
was this gate there I said put me a
window so I got two windows and um this
is a surprisingly high roof also for
these dummies you some of them you you
wouldn't build a wall oh yeah no you
wouldn't
that low but this is a very high then
this actually was only for animals
before I had them put a window in here
also because this corner fell down this
is I call my my nuns quarters oh yeah oh
wow this is your bedroom and I even
sleep in it in the winter with no heat
because I have a really warm the Greek
word is pop Woma yeah which is a stuffed
quilt but either stuff with either wool
or heavy heavy cotton yeah thank you
thank you
take care bye alright guys we are
leaving now Emma she was incredible I
think that was the most natural flowing
interview I've done yet she just had so
much to talk about and such an
interesting experience of kind of
leaving America and and coming to Greece
but yeah I'm very glad we got to meet
her this morning and share a bit about
her life and we run to have a couple of
meetings now to try and find time where
we can meet up with some refugees and
share their stories down the fig tree oh
yeah like that that is the right thing I
can just eat one bang the whole thing
yeah so guys if you didn't watch
yesterday yesterday's vlog and this is
Seraphim and Stelios and they basically
are hosting us here I've been like
putting out my vlogs asking if anyone
wants to come and I guess kind of show
us around their local area so Seraphim
reached out sent us an email and that's
how this is all happening which I love I
love this kind of spontaneous just
connecting with people
they're both filmmakers and
photographers and just been able to
collaborate with them and and create I
don't know it's just I love it I just
I've really loved this and it's making
me want to travel like this a lot more
even after this world trip I've realized
like staying with locals is by far the
most exciting way to travel and the most
authentic so anyway we're gonna bounce
and go to meetin's now have you found
everything so far hanging out and doing
the projects it's an amazing experience
yeah even the locals here I didn't know
this lady existed yeah and you heard my
face but I didn't know what she was up
to it was amazing getting a glimpse into
her everyday life yeah
awesome well let's continue let's
continue the adventure
we've just hit a car
I don't know why I thought he pulled
away I look to see those space and I
seem to driven off
we've just hit someone
yeah yeah good what's just happened
Louie that was entirely my fault I I
just I don't know why but I assumed
because there was space in the road and
I saw the first car fell off the cars in
front of me would just go in with a
traffic light though they would just go
in and for whatever reason totally my
fault the car in front didn't he didn't
pull away into the space then I was
checking the left and was like cool I
think I've got time to go and by that
time I started feeling aways to just
know it was like a low-speed impact as
like wasn't a fast impact but it's still
scraped up still bashed in his bumper a
little bit in the hit with damage here
yeah mashed up messed up the bumper here
a little bit mail-id not good so I have
to do a little insurance claim in a long
time years
like it's not like unto the radio it's
just it's just getting this the place in
this time mainly it's not a nice feeling
knowing that you've made an error of
judgment and caused an accident even
though it's a minor accident I feel
don't feel great feel like a bit stupid
thankfully no one's ended or anything
but it's just I think it's just cause a
lot of annoyance with this dude he'll
have to get his bumps or without other
know just I feel like more like I'm just
wasting his time really no one was like
injured or in an area it's like I must
have here my like 5 10 miles an hour max
just yeah like being it's like I I've
been in more of a shocking like a bumper
car yeah it's just that unnecessary it's
just long in it is long it's just long
and everyone else yeah
okay we just had a little coffee with a
group of people called the coexistence
and communication in the Aegean which is
this sea for the region here they've
been running for 20 years I only just
found out today that the refugee problem
it hasn't just been since the Syrian war
and floods of refugees coming in but
even way before that for the Afghan
Afghan war in like 98 apparently there
was a ton of refugees coming over to
Greece so for the last 20 years they've
been operating and they are looking
after a lot of the unaccompanied minors
like the kids that come over without
their families and they take them out
and look after the stuff so on Friday
we're gonna be tagging tagging along to
a little beach outing with a bunch of
kids and now we're heading to another
meeting to talk about visiting one of
the refugee camps and whether we can
shoot some stuff there and how you know
whether we can get into a camp because
some of them a lot locks down I've
probably fenced in and have guards and
all that so we just we're just working
it all out so we just had an incredible
meeting with the guy who runs this I've
always called him the refugee camp but
he wanted to he's been calling it like a
residence day and instead of refugees
referring to them as guests
his name Stavros and he's an absolute
absolute legend he was like this very
strong authority figure but seem to have
like the warmest heart and just love
these people and kept on referring to
himself is like I'm human first you know
and when I asked that what we could do
like could I encourage people to
volunteer or donate money he just said
he just wants us to tell the truth so
he's invited us on Friday night to come
to this amazing like dance event where
he said like all these different
nationalities that there's dancing and
celebrating together and he said this is
all you need to show so and hope you
might get chapter DB below as well but
it was like just perfect
we have dumped into a little restaurant
on our way home to edit and we've got
some traditional Greek food I was
actually looking for collateral but we
couldn't find any so we got some great
food but this is again just so so good
these are stuff stuffed vine leaves like
the rice and bay leaves was it's over
day now whoever you would like to market
him it's all just so good I'm so excited
I love great food oh those zucchini
leaves zucchini flower yes both on over
the banging banging ten
so guys we got back to the house at like
5:00 p.m. REO has been sleeping pretty
much the whole time cuz to be fair he
did stay up all night last night helping
edit it and I've been editing the whole
time literally the whole evening
and yeah we have now got some takeout
food Seraphim kindly when it got it all
and now we're gonna sit down and have a
nice Greek meal together catching the
morning
peace out enjoy your life live the
adventure
