hey Amy on is from friends and you're
watching and probably good morning guys
just had some breakfast Alfa's just made
me a coffee and I'm about to head off
from writing before I do I think I'm
gonna remove these stitches from my
finger because I supposed to leave them
in a week so that would have been
yesterday I think you're supposed to
have go to hospital getting removed
professionally but I'm pretty sure I can
yank these out myself
I'm not sure away then you can I don't
know whatever you do it wrong it scars
or it like splits okay oh it's
definitely gonna scar but yeah if it
splits open again then I'm screwed I'm
gonna do it right I think I've got this
first stitch get that oh gosh it's that
easy look at that oh all that one really
hurt when they pulled it out from my
hand saw it hopefully I hope that's not
effective and I'm leaving these guys now
thanks to let me stay
coming that's all right and look
analysis sleep on my laptop oh this is
what it's normally like oh it's what
she's like when buzz isn't here oh nice
to meet you know I just arrived back my
parents house and my dad's prepared some
lunch
is it lentil soup - you're right first
time going let us save and couple slices
the picture over there avocado sauce
it's really yummy
how are you doing dad I'm good no
nothing at least anything you see my
friends on his way yeah I've finished
lunch and I headed to the station to be
gone still will be on my friend who's
going to be twisting my dressings before
I guess the station about this week
applause my grandma's house to drop off
some medication for him
hey hey there yeah
so we've been back for a little while
and Sylvia's working hard getting my
dreads in the end which she's been like
over an hour just made some coughing to
a bit more energy has it how's it going
yeah good let me show you around no
rightly break you know you got rolling
with anything as it looks proper red
locks everywhere
you got Sami dreads Louie do you know
the heck cool 38 37 is it Oh
we have moved into the kitchen to carry
on because I start to get dark outside
there's no proper lights in the
conservatory yeah they're doing well and
tell them the plan what's the plan so
the secret plan is to make yeah let me
do this so the plan is to make free
extra blood dreadlocks from these hairs
here that we never stay in the other
journal so yeah please hopefully free
extra dreadlocks and then whatever let's
party
that's a bun we'll see how it goes
all right that is cooking some wagamama
style Thai dish thing moogly Thai dish
as it is just notice I've danced every
day yeah dr. Tom lip liquid eyes on your
coriander and lemongrass and ginger and
right there
oh my even quicker than quick yeah and
then just slap that one
later and there we've got the title
strategy coconut ginger coriander G
thunder chilean up to that is going to
be some of the other readiness a little
bit more salt and it's had a soy sauce
like this placing the to see our Chilean
engenders alright ginger I forgot to buy
the red cheese the shop site if you're
doing it just get the red chilies into
round the top it be good alright
dinner is serve thank you Dad
I think yes still text get this guy's
Silvia is making a dread from nothing
well I've got a little clump of short
hair here that I had before but it was
like it would never checked yeah never
dread into the dread behind so I always
had this like you'd probably always
noticed like tough to fluffy hair like
right here which is never really dreaded
so we're I'm actually gaining a dress
today which is critical trying to make a
new one we'll see where it goes so this
is the lucky this is like someone else's
hair answered mrs. synthetic just static
or synthetic presents it looks like
yours and apparently to like attach or
to get it like treading and what does it
need to melt together yeah it has to
like stay stronger to go because now
it's a glows of hair that I like
completely separate so we're gonna we're
using hair straighteners but don't use
is like straight away we have to use a
wet towel don't do through wet towels it
doesn't you know I feel doesn't like
mellow
yeah so it's just like binds it not
melts there guys yeah sorry
mmm hopefully this hopefully I don't
like pull it out accidentally that's
what we're worried about
yeah I'm not always yanking my dresser
and twist it well doing is off really
does match the color almost it's looking
a little bit redder yeah from the right
obviously you can like sees braided in
there but you know okra
guys check out my dreads so I swear out
there from now on
all up oh yeah I think so it's like two
finally after like six hours director I
think like six hours
Arnie and up and I have three new dreads
and still be has done an incredible job
high five right driven up to London to
drop Sylvia off by thanks it in the
dreads yeah see you next time bye and no
need to drop and these car back because
I've been I've borrowed it for two days
and in the morning first thing in the
morning I'm heading off to Dubai I won't
be back for a while so I need to get it
back to it guys look who's going to take
me out
Nick oh yeah manly cameraman I've got a
new sound fresh lemonade the best
minutes the Lily's waiting tracking
saying yeah I got my track suit on
because I'm washing my clothes and
they're still trying but me and Nicky
gonna have a little bit of a catch up
before I head off tomorrow so it's gonna
be getting speeding months absolute
months six months probably six well most
alike live with this guy
lady oh that was like fire Wow
so you cool man
guys haven't been here in a very very
long time but I'm in my office
Starbucks office in the service stations
near Coburn and I didn't know Starbucks
to the bacon butty so I just bought
bacon butty little dessert obviously a
coffee
cheers Nick his name good to see you man
hey man catch up on ya
just as we came out guys check out this
rad car let's see that's got a card hub
Sylhet neck see you in another six
months yeah thanks
okay guys this 4:00 in the morning I've
got a girl in like two hours just over
two hours to leave to Dubai I haven't
packed yet but I can do that when I get
up I'm still waiting for my clothes to
dry which I'm taking some of these and
I've got a suit upstairs that I'm taking
and yeah I'm going to feel just horrible
tomorrow morning when I get up but
thankfully do-boy have have offered to
fly me business class to Dubai Dubai
Buffett and yeah I guess they've got a
hookup at Emirates or something so I
should have a very very comfortable
flight I'm actually really excited
because I've only ever flown anything
but economy once with Turkish Airlines
so um yeah should we pray epic right
I'll see you in the morning and get
ready for an incredible incredible time
in Dubai it's gonna be awesome
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
