I'm Evan I'm Ronnie I'm just seeing that
bra here in socal and wearing I'm
British pop yet in guwahati but brulee
is wrong ah well from Africa good
morning guys I am I had a good day with
the family yesterday for my um
grandmother's funeral and ended up
staying the night in my grandpa's house
because he's obviously staying there
alone now so just that I was there to
give him company and now we've come back
to my parents and we're eating lunch
together as a family and I think later
on I'm going to be heading up into
London I have different parents had some
good family time and now I'm heading up
to London to have a meeting and hang out
to people sighs I'm feeling really
jittery so that three coffees today not
nice feeling
chill out of this I've arrived in
Holborn I'm having a little meeting with
nick heyward trying about the future
plans projects filming things
I always 20 of these opportunities we're
not back in the UK is unlike rarely here
right finished my meeting now jumping on
a faster old street
very productive day today since I'm back
in the country and you get to catch up
with friends thought I'd pop in and see
what Jamie Oliver's up to am I going to
grab a drink perhaps I I just been
hanging out Jamie and guys we got an
exciting thing happening while Jamie's
doing exciting happenings 15 from a food
revolution day he wants to get me
involved and we're just trying to come
up with an idea of how Asian or how we
can tell the world you know about food
well tell us what yeah actually what
about right basically as you guys may or
may not know biggest killer on the
planet it's diet-related ease so I want
to get all the countries in the g20 to
make it law that every child in school
that gets talked about food and where it
comes from how it affects their body
teaching our cook and have fun with it
and have a better relations but better
relationship with food so this food
revolution today maybe 50
we're going to be getting everyone to
sign a petition Oh young number and it's
not just British or back from all around
the world all of you guys basically two
little does and also I got ed sheeran
he's written a certain anything so I
just want to use that you guys into a
black social media and on your crap here
and Louie like how could we make a
difference and I know sometimes we think
that we can't make a difference but like
I i get the problem problem about date
related disease is it doesn't shoot
anyone there's no car changes it's not
glamorous but the statistics are hideous
yeah so I honking also having a better
relationship food is better farming bad
for the environment better happiness and
it's just the good times in life you
know so I want to know how
yeah how can we how can we make a big
deal in the media what what kind of
stunts can we pull and how can we get
you guys involved in here changing
history basically so that's the question
we're asking you comment below please
now and we've got we've got beer time
that we look a bit a bit build up so we
can make some good plans 15 for mayor
yeah so we're telling you in advance get
ready for that date but also in the in
the meantime we want to have some crazy
ideas and and get you guys in Baltimore
well it's always so good seeing Jamie
he's a big inspiration I like hanging
out people that dream big and want to
make history he's definitely a history
maker so yeah looking forward to doing
some projects with him we were we've
just been chatting for the last hour or
so this about future collaborations
maybe me joining in on some travels and
just yeah bringing awareness for that
exciting leaves me feeling passionate
and yeah ready to dream big on you know
where I'm off to find a Barclays bike
and I've located one a solitary bike
it's just okay
I'm getting that guy right got my coat
31 33 t
the guy guess who I found in London it's
Lucy she's in London at the moment she
was in Paris then you in Belgium yeah
and now you're in London and we managed
to time it so he can meet up cheers yeah
we're at some Indian Street food place
and we just got our food this is also
I
alright we've finished our meal and this
guy Jordan the bartender is shouting us
little drink she watches my blogs
bulgaria yeah bulgaria cheers we see we
got some mock cells these are like
awesome they're like ginger and coconut
stuff so I've dropped Lucy back at her
hotel and I'm heading over to Ronnie
Scott's jazz club she's going to hang up
with her friends were a little bit and
she's gonna meet me down there it's the
Late Late jam tonight goes from 11 to
three a.m. so i can't wait to have a
little dose of jazz but then i thought i
told you this story before guys but once
i was driving my double decker bus down
this way but it's a one-way system that
comes around to the left and as i was
coming around with his taxes as a car
parked on the corner so I actually
couldn't get my bus around so I stuck
here for like 20 minutes there's a
massive cure traffic behind me so I can
reverse so I ended up driving down this
way which is a one-way system you're not
allowed to drive both ways and when I
came around this corner it was a Bentley
part just there I had to like narrowly
avoiding ability
well Lucy joins me again halfway through
the jazz club and guys that was just
epic I love jazz so much like I can't
really verbalize how much I love it but
it always leaves me smiling when i leave
oh i'm heading off to let Lucy bye guys
I'm getting a bike again look how crazy
this release code is 1111 one who has
ever had that release code before I feel
like that's incredibly rare well it's
almost three in the morning and again
I've opted to cycle just because it's a
bit more exhilarating you know and I'm
heading over to South West London when
my friend lives and i'm going to crash
it heads for the night is we're good at
leasing fun tomorrow my friend Andy who
came snowboarding with me instead all
right I managed to sneak into his house
he lifts the key out for me and almost
crash in his spare room I'm missing a
chilled day I'm glad I go up to London
and got to hang out some people like I
say usually when the back of the UK it's
just a nice opportunity to meet up with
friends and that's pretty much what I'm
gonna be doing the next few days but
I've got some exciting things coming up
a few of you were concerned that i am
this year still kind of drifting a
little bit i haven't got goals or
direction but that isn't true I've got a
lot of things going on I just haven't
told you about yet but the first thing I
can tell you about really exciting is
I've been invited as a guest speaker
the Arab social media summit which is in
happening in dubai next week so I'm
heading there on Sunday which I'm
super-excited about like literally
speaking alongside like like the founder
of reddit or something and like some
CEOs of companies either like it seems
like like maybe they accidentally
invited me I don't really know but if
you are in Dubai I'll leave a link below
to I'm not sure if it's a public thing
but maybe you can apply to come I don't
know so it's kind of a professional
speaky kind of month but hopefully I'll
be able to show you guys kind of behind
the scenes for that and it's a new thing
for me yeah it's going to be exciting
and then yet as some major plans coming
up later in the air but I can't quite
tell you about those yet yeah it's all
good also and on the new just show you
my for those of you who haven't been
following me on snapchat I've been
active recently again so they do this
new QR code which I can find I can you
can basically get you what you do if
you're watching you can only do this if
you're watching a computer which is a
bit stupid what you do is I'll film on
my computer of my QR code for snapchat
and get your phone out pause the video
and take a little snapshot of it from
snapchat and it automatically follows me
to see if you aren't following me this
is how you don't know ready right there
is so I'm just going to hold this here
and watch you get your phones open up
snapchat
and take a photo that way i wonder if I
trying at myself and snapchat so for me
it just does a little smiley face but if
you aren't following me it will say now
following fun for Louie some other
anyway i'll i'll leave you there for
tonight guys and yeah thanks all the
suggestions by the way for cool stuff
today this year i have got some of my
own ideas as well but it's just great to
have your input and yeah i'm also super
happy in life at the moment i feel like
i have i'm content with the direction
i'm heading in even though and obviously
there's a lot of improvements i can i
can make with everything in life but i
think the things are going pretty well
and again I still thank you guys for ya
sticking with me with all of this
joining me on the travels see you in the
morning peace out enjoy life and let the
adventure
