hi my name is Camille and I'm from Texas
and you're about to watch the amazing
fun for Louis enjoy boom good morning
guys we're just about to leave the hotel
and we're heading to go ziplining in the
jungle which I'm super excited about
this is gonna be awesome
are you ready for our adventures today
hell
we've arrived in the rainforest and
playful sky Safari we're gonna be doing
a zipline through the treetops this is
cool guys
we didn't let the test run on this
little baby how's that help on that yeah
I think the big ones like right up in
the trees
then you're allowed to have been
tripping up to the top zipline and then
I guess we're gonna kind of make the way
down
the next one
how's that help speed up so we have to
hike through the jungle mccain these
harnesses which become to the zipline
finished as amazing boom yeah thanks
guys
there is something incredibly freeing
about flying through the treetops such a
thrill oh I love that that's really
really cool wasn't scary at all it's
just an amazing experience we are back
in the van and we're heading to
brimstone and Harold filters which we
were just told a 700 over 700 feet above
sea level and it took over 100 years to
build and it was built where slaves
Wow
that's awesome look at these cannons
do you think
I've got to say this is a pretty awesome
fortress I would have felt quite safe
there I think I'm loving it's whether
it's nice to be shot from the wind as
well we somehow pick like the windiest
weekend it's great actually little bit
hotter shirt wow it's like a whole ruin
section of it renovating
what's in here it's kids show me the way
out
oh good nice to meet you we just stopped
off from having a little school around
there and organic farm eating these
leaves are tasty
the thing where we mother used to give
us and what's more they can take another
without the workers at the Cavett site
out of your party who's the start we
need these flowers
so this is a pineapple just so yeah
the fresh ginger juice was in it
guys if any of you come to sink kits
you've got to check this place out I'll
link it below I'll link their Facebook
page but this guy too during his family
and doing inspiring stuff making all
their all own organic food juices and
stuff and yeah we learned a lot we
learnt a lot about how to grow a good
feed
I was taking my dressing off we're gonna
change the dressing looking all right
it's not looking too bad
I'm gonna be swimming in the sea
tomorrow so I'm hoping maybe I can get
spare yeah yeah I suggest some stuff man
cool but when you're dressing on it's
looking right we're out to dinner
looking forward to dinner oh yeah
basically we're going to some like
fantasies place the other side of it
it's like half an hour's drive away in
order to expect I just notice fantasy I
don't know
we are here and we traveling's down to
cockleshell babes where the restaurant
is right silence
all right starters have arrived
I got Thai chicken salad that's pretty
tasty Hillary got crab cakes thank you
means the roids sausage Pesta Hillary
got catch of the day
was it good why give it a guy had to get
a cheeky little cheesecake for dessert
this is passion fruit and mango
cheesecake so this restaurant is right
at the beach we're just having a little
wonder where we are
well me and Hillary had some quality
time tonight it's so good getting away
and being able to catch up together like
I said we don't often get to do this I'm
gonna head to bed in a minute and
tomorrow we're going out on a boat ride
to the island
Nevis which is like the sister Island to
sink it's and we're gonna I guess go and
check it out maybe spend some time in
the beach
it's gonna be a fun day maybe snorkeling
and so long me yeah I'm gonna head to
bed and I'll catch you early in the
morning peace out enjoy life and live
the adventure
