hi I'm Brittany and I'm Charlotte and
this is I can't Bluebell and you're
watching fun bluey yeah New Zealand
funny how you enjoy good morning guys
when you're about to head into san fran
we need to drop nick and and his rental
car off and go and get some coffee think
that's the plan i'm loving this long
board
guys look at that crazy girl hey we've
arrived our meeting in san fran and we
have come to the Discovery Network you
know you like this discovery channel and
we're gonna have a little tour of the
office have a meeting and stuff she has
to got scooters great the great coffee
cheers Nick this is a shock seat and
just going to get in the shot through
hmm come on Ange
get in
and you learn you should be this is a
meeting fighting day when I was Oliver
sake really yeah yeah that's have a
meeting rip in the UK good good love the
royal family is where we stopping for
lunch
and check this place out
guys we have spent hours having meetings
and laptop club and add Minister we're
literally taking over the Discovery
Channel's boardroom I just finished
uploading my blog took me ages but I
thought I could do little office talk so
I'm just going to wander around show you
their offices this is their reception
nice little TV lamp like that this is
the coolest part I'll check this out
golden shark what the little baby
shopkin top of it I like that scooters
it's all about these scooters they if I
ever worked in an office this is how I'd
want to get around what not as easy
one-handed
quite creative office I like that
umbrella Mike the rainbow umbrella I've
got this i've got this guy
right she ought to find any snacks in
their kitchen I'm guessing this is all
peoples purpose and stuff Rogers has
some tea all right we just left the
office and we're jumping in a new bar
and heading to dinner leave me thank you
thank you
but this is very fancy just leave my
bags up here buh-buh-buh-buh-buh warm I
just got started this is extremely fancy
here extremely dumb this is smoked
salmon with caviar the top is the main
it's got a steak look at this tiny quail
on this plane I don't even know how to
eat in kitchen happiness and toilet
so I am now got my dessert this is some
chocolate mousse with ice cream and like
popping candy like pop rocks so I'm
going to get this little taste well
making a story Nick
right
I've been dropped off and heading to our
hotel we've got a hotel in san fran
tonight because the apartment that we're
staying at but these guys are so far
away and I've got a super early flight
this is just so heavy yeah thnkx
discovery we've dropped our bags off and
we're now heading down the street to
check out a jazz bar we're quite excited
about this you know how much I love jazz
and I've only got one night at san fran
so this makes sense hit up some jazz
bye
you see the neon lights are bright are
away they say there's always magic in me
but when you're walking down that Street
and you
hey
Oh
nice little it's awesome metal dog that
it's crazies like a robot dog yips
brother good does that's bedtime i'm in
bed guys and I'm gonna get some sleep
and tomorrow I'm often a bit of an
adventure but i'll tell you about it
then I've got super early start I'm the
first leg of my adventure i'm flying to
miami and i'm leaving here i think at
five thirty in the morning it's a bit
ridiculous because it's already like one
or something anyway I'll see you
tomorrow and I'm going to be and we
pretty tired but I'll see in the morning
you shall enjoy life and live the
adventure
