good afternoon guys it's a very late
start to the day's vlog I don't even
know if I'm gonna have to film an inside
look today because the Sun is kind of
already saying but we have come all the
way to Abu Dhabi we were in Dubai this
morning as you know we've delayed our
flight to India for another day in fact
we may be flying to Pakistan now I think
that's the current plan well you have
also met with JC he has come from France
to join us to help film which is gonna
help with the documentary stuff because
now like if it's gonna be a bit more
accurately I don't know that what we
want is that this is a journey of me and
JP traveling around the world and it's
been difficult so far because either me
or JP have been filming other than when
we got the GoPros rolling but I think
this will be a lot better for that kind
of capturing the this real spirit of
what we're doing and and also upping the
cinematography game anyway we have just
arrived at just an insane architectural
spec spectacle which is the Grand Mosque
in Abu Dhabi check this out this is
absolutely insane so I didn't have the
appropriate attire on so they've given
me a cloak I don't know they call these
in in Morocco they call these Gela birds
but I don't know they called here anyway
I've got my own cloak to cover up my
arms and legs JP was Oh cozy
he had trousers and a t-shirt on say he
was very respectful wait I think we've
lost jay-z
I don't know what they're making him
wear yes for her are we twins so good so
good we've managed to find a way to the
entrance like I said before this is
incredibly extravagant oh this is the
photo
I love how clean it is it's so
satisfying it's like literally squeaky
clean it reassures me that you
appreciate it because it means that we
have some connection imagine it was like
now that I live it it's good it's like
minimal but also beautiful like it's
still ornate and yeah it's like the
perfect very pure
I even like things like how the pattern
is just on the borders but in the middle
of the floor is just completely white
tiles it's like not too cluttered but
just a little bit alright I've just had
to take my shoes off to go into the next
section so guys someone told me that the
top of these pillars is coated in real
gold and that's pretty impressive
because there are a lot of pillars here
the
this is mind-blowing the the decoration
look at all the world if that
chandeliers are as epic
this chandelier is is quite something so
colorful all of this is just so so
impressive what dragon JC I find even
more impressive than these big fancy
chandeliers is if you look behind the
chandeliers is this incredible like
marble carvings on these um oh these
like ceiling panels whoever they are I
know on the dome up there like that
it looks just as cool at night
back at the hotel or we're doing there
we're doing a room service party yeah
you're doing a room service dinner party
oh I need to hit there I need to hit the
jacuzzi as well thank you
oh hello you brought us all the food
fantastic it's time for a dinner party
would you like to stay and eat with us
wow this is good fantastic I should have
got fries in all honesty ot fight oh
wait did this level come with flat price
Oh perfect
no makes me so happy oh that's a small
portion yeah plenty of food confuse
those confuse his deceit like FFA the
Leno suit comes in an extra drug but
that's just old that's all the mushrooms
wait which is which they it's very
similar color isn't it odd that's
mushroom and that's little this is Linda
okay perfect okay nice nice JP is just
getting fries and milkshakes well
today's been a pretty short vlog but
it's been important for us to rest up
and for JP to do all the intricate
planning he's needed to do for the next
couple of flights I don't know I was
saying earlier or yesterday but it's
been pretty complicated trying to fly
into India one of the things JP was
telling me today is that because there's
not many planes that take the fuel that
we need called F gas in India it means
they now have that fuel anywhere so some
of the airports we wanted to fly into we
can't because we wouldn't be able to
refuel so yeah quite complicated stuff
that I would just never think about and
hopefully we've started resolving some
of those problems and like I said
earlier the the first way that we've
sold some of them is actually stopping
him Pakistan first which was something
we were planning from the beginning of
the trip and I'm so glad we've managed
to make it happen yeah I cannot wait for
tomorrow even though it's a super early
start my god only gonna get like two
hours sleep or something but yeah I'm
really really pumped and yeah I don't
know I think there's a slight worry
because I've heard Pakistan is in the
safest place especially certain areas
but I think the area we're going into
these preach Hill I'm hoping we can
connect with some of you guys anyone
washing from Pakistan obviously these
vlogs are simplistic behind but I'm
gonna do it all we Instagram story
tonight see if we can connect with
anyone and hopefully get to explore and
connect with and experience some of the
culture there even though I think we're
gonna be there for two days but it'd be
really nice to - yeah to experience a
new country this would be somewhere on
the trip I haven't been before most of
the places I have yeah like I said I'm
really pumped this could be great and
it's also great to have Jacy joining us
he was getting some awesome shots today
I hope you enjoyed those
he's got the 1dx most of stuck with
shootings on this ad but he said please
can I bring my 1px and the the main
advantage of the Canon 1dx is that you
can shoot 4k at 60 frames a second so
you can get that smooth slow by high res
super high res so I'm happy about that
and as I say it's gonna bring the
extra element and dynamic cinematic
element to to the documentary he's very
talented on the link of stuff below you
can check him out
and it's good to have him part the team
for the next couple of weeks so these
those guys are asleep I'm gonna go and
grab some sleep as well and we will see
you very very early in the morning peace
out
enjoy life Olivia Adventure
