hi my name is Omar I'm from Toronto we
go in the Caribbean and you're watching
for full of we remember to live the
adventure and enjoy the movie going I am
dressed up smartly and I just got my
breakfast from my hotel and I'm getting
ready to this event that I'm talking
about today I was very tempted to sleep
in and just go in for my talk which is
that like twelfth day it's probably the
right thing to do is to go in for the
beginning there and listen tt-talking
the stuff so I managed to drag myself
out of bed even though I had hardly any
sleep
and then let's start heading over there
well one front right this is the size of
the conference it's pretty small and got
prehnite Manchester
so the morning panel is over I was
actually asked to move from the front
row because my hair was thinking up
inside of the camera and apparently it
was really distracting from everyone
watching on screen I've been miked up
but little lapel mic here ready for and
the panel I'm on with it's four of us
talking on the future travel
and the exact file I'm so prepared
obviously all right this whole thing's
being filmed and I'm hoping to show you
guys look all this Lois Cole Louie do I
call you Louie Louis Louie excellent
who is adventure and filmmaker with his
own YouTube channel with gunner how many
followers do you have
Wow not bad and Alistair Hahn who is the
chief technology officer for sky scanner
one of the disruptive intermediaries in
the finding your best price and Bart van
Paul who is the co-founder of spotted by
locals but let's start off and Louie
hello
yeah I mean I guess my input just to put
some context for those that might have
not read my bio I social media is my
life I wake up and I'm online on
multiple platforms I'm interacting with
hundreds of thousands of people on an
intimate level as well every day kind of
sharing of I guess I choose to share
pretty much my whole life and my life
has become very much about adventures
and traveling around the world and
anything you hide yeah I mean there's
some privacy I guess because I edit the
videos I I can restrict exactly what I'm
putting out there but it's I'm pretty
open as well and but in terms of travel
I guess that means I'm showing people
where I'm staying
what activities I'm doing places what
and joy and its really genuine I guess
in the same way as they might see a
friend on Facebook posting something
because they because I've chosen to
share a lot of my life of people they on
some levels who would count me as a
friend or would take my advice or
opinions on the same level as a
friendship which is been really real
eye-opener for me just seeing the power
of
of social media whether it's Facebook or
Twitter or more recently snapchat I
actually a good friend of mine Casey
nice that he makes films he's from New
York he made a video called snapchat
murders Facebook and whether it's true
or not what his point was a lot of
teenagers now aren't using Facebook as
much and they're using snapchat which
for those who don't know it's this
you're posting short video clips it
started as posting private video
messages to friends and then you could
start posting these snapchat stories
which the content itself some ephemeral
where it disappears after 24 hours so
you're just posting these sure you're
sharing your experiences and what you're
up to and then it disappears so it's
just kind of this constant stream so I
can at any point pick up my phone flick
across and I've probably got 20 or 30 of
my close friends that I can follow
almost real-time exactly where they are
and what they're doing with little short
video clips for me my main platform that
I put my content on is YouTube so I make
these kind of 10-minute daily videos
about what I'm up to and I edit them and
they they get posted the following day
so they're not real time but they're
they're close to it but for me it's
fascinating looking at the progress of
video as a social platform obviously
YouTube's a video platform itself
Facebook is pioneering in kind of video
stuff as well I think as that's going to
be a big thing Twitter's recently
released their own kind of in in
platform video stuff and then snapchat
now and then because of that as well
I've actually with some friends
developed an app which is a micro video
app where you collect clips throughout
the day and it's not in ephemeral you
you save it as a the apps called story
and it's just short stories for people
to share their memories and experiences
yes and it's just an apple we're
releasing an Android in about two months
but we've got a team kind of full-time
in Silicon Valley and getting investors
and stuff so that's that's quite an
exciting thing but for me that's come
out of my experience
on multiple platforms and trying to
figure out okay so where is this all
heading what is the future so for me I
think what I can share is my experience
with video and that people want to see
is maybe where in the past it's been
text where you've got you've had the
review sites where people can see what
their friends are doing like you said
TripAdvisor or Yelp or whatever it is
and now it's more people want to see
more genuine kind of what their friends
are sharing and it's not necessarily
text-based I think there's always going
to be place for blogs and and text
reviews written reviews and The
Economist yeah and I don't think that's
ever going to get replaced but I think
for young people especially in and I'm
interacting and reading thousands of
comments flowing into you know in
reacting so anything's on do get trolled
no it's not it's not too bad I think the
Internet can be received at this very
hateful terrible place where you'd never
want to put yourself out there publicly
but I haven't found that personally
that's because you're a nice guy I mean
maybe I don't know anyway so the video
thing for me is exciting I think that's
where things are heading in terms of
people being able to share their
experiences and memories and I imagine
that brands and tourism boards will need
to change their and adapt to that this
new culture as these children and
teenagers are kind of growing up on a
millennial myself but then even looking
at how young people now they're
capturing stuff around them constantly
almost in it's almost like they don't
think about it it's like constant you
know you they're always sending your
messages always on Twitter and it's you
know there is criticism there that this
could be dangerous or damaging because
they're not experiencing life in the way
that we understand it but I also think
this is here to stay whether we think
it's healthy or not and I think there
will we will find a balance and young
people will find this balance as they're
kind of they'll take their oculus
headset off yeah and I think we don't
have to worry too much I mean there's
Oh obviously the extreme cases where
people get totally absorbed into these
virtual reality worlds but I think for
me what I found is yes that some people
tune in every day to watch me traveling
and they live vicariously through what
I'm putting out there but most of the
feedback I get is oh this is really
inspiring me to travel myself and where
they've you know they might not be in a
position to travel maybe they're still
at school maybe they haven't saved up
any money
they're like writing a bucket list oh
you know they comment oh yeah this is
definitely my bucket list now I want to
do this they always ask advice where
should I travel what you know how do I
do this and it's great to be able to
feedback to them and it's exciting to
hear kind of I mean even last night I
did a little snapchat to my audience and
said have you got any pointers for the
for me sharing today to you guys and
most of the feedback was yes social
media is the big thing that's what we we
want to not only absorb it but also then
you know share that with it all of our
friends and what we're doing and I don't
think for me that necessarily means
taking away from being in the moment and
I think it's a powerful platform to for
brands and like I said tourism boards
and the whole kind of tourism travel
industry to to utilize okay well I
finished talking on stage and I think
about will quote well
now it's lunchtime I have a leader who's
very fancy lunch I'm gonna tuck into
everyone's networking
I think I should network so we've
finished lunch I've now been invited to
have a TV entity for global TV which of
the Brazilian TV station
guys check this beer stunning
I've just finished my interview for
those of you from Brazil it's gonna be
on television Global TV at some point I
don't know where but tweet me let me
know I'm just checking to and online and
I just sit oh I feel so out of place I'm
like pretending to be a proper adult
it's like the most adult think I've ever
been to I'm like having to have like
serious discussions and you know I don't
know very long day lot of interesting
people had kind of field travel and
hairlines and all sorts really delve
into a whole arena that I'd never
experienced before so it's been it's
been very cool you know Astro but I
Hotel I'm going to try and find a SIM
card so I can get internet remotely for
the next week wasn't a Spain welcome
into the defense door it's quite
expensive it's 15 euros 1.5 gig hello
here we go this is my ticket I need a
SIM card for Internet I've got a white
white box it's unlocked I just need to
put the SIM card in it that was
relatively painless took about five
minutes I'm impressed quite expensive
but I need it
I just walked through one of the busy
squares and I bumped into some viewers
from South Korea Singapore and Colombia
within like five minutes it's amazing
people all over the world
yeah blows me away sometimes guys it's
it's amazing to know that you guys are
global it's like a big Network a global
group of friends that I have guys I know
this is shameful by coming to a Burger
King mainly because I'm so tired and I
II would eat in a restaurant why I
really wait wait a long time to get to
know that it's not quick easy and I got
a water rather than the fizzy drink and
I got a chicken burger which is probably
slightly healthier so I'm going to eat
this quick and then head back to the
hotel
I'm gonna be spending the rest of the
week in Spain so I'll being more
traditionally the next few days
I haven't told you guys what I'm doing
yet and tomorrow and I am flying up to
this place called San Sebastian from the
coast the northern coast and I'm meeting
up with Matt Louise's husband
sprinkleofglitter
he's there with his brother I think and
I'm gonna join them on some adventures
for a few days should be pretty fun
today's vlog has been a very different
one I hope you didn't mind listening to
me waffle on but I just wanted to share
every experience I go through and this
is a very new one for me basically
pretending to be an adult
and I think I pulled it off I think I
fooled them all oh all right I get some
sleep I have got nothing to get up for
in the morning it's still early it's
like not even 11:30 yet I'm gonna sleep
well and yeah tomorrow's gonna be a
chilled one and then I'm catching a fly
in the evening all right see you
tomorrow peace out enjoy your life and
live the adventure
