hi I'm Hannah hi I'm grace we're in st.
George Utah and you're watching fun for
Louie boom it's 5:00 a.m. and we are
heading to get in the bus
to head out into the desert and then we
didn't get in a hot-air balloon
we're going to watch the Sun Rise and
Steve sit back here how much sleep did
yet Iowans who know well more than you
yeah actually not actually I think I got
more but I think I was in bed by like
after us hello good morning yes
so we will write down on the desert and
the Sun is about to rise and here the
balloons they were inflating we just had
a safety briefing just telling us to be
safe basically
hey you excited that have you been
otherwise you know I believe ya nice
days yeah so it's to weekly we have to
get out of basket they're going to
attempt to the plate again I feel like a
beer good job Nick good job
we do we have new cancer because of
safety reasons because now it's getting
stronger gets hotter if you feel that
yeah and it comes from the South that
means for us it's an indicator that it
gets stronger so this is for safety
reasons okay
sorry about that if your guys's come
searching by one over the next day
before you of course but that's the man
that we're going to publish this is like
most extreme basket ride by balloon big
basket like this maybe next time
we've just been dropped back at the
hotel and who's trying to sew up the
thing we're going to go up for breakfast
I think the good thing about the hot air
balloon you mean canceled today means
I'm going to have to come back to the
boy and do it again
so our friend added it's just arrived in
his Lamborghini I'm just going to jump
in and go for a ride we're heading out
for breakfast
check out these doors guys I've never
been in a Lamborghini
look at this billboard this massive
billboard this is tape whoo hanging out
with yesterday
yo breakfast
we found somewhere expectation guys look
at these flowers on these bushes there
four different colors of flowers on the
same birch to try to figure out if
anyone know how how is that possible
guys breakfast has arrived
that's amazing random Kiwi though I got
random kiwi and grapefruit yeah buddy
alright Steve's off to work there's only
like 8 o'clock in the morning okay thank
you
okay don't listen don't listen to
anything she says okay we hijack a movie
slot because no one wants to see
blogging and one thing as he's gonna rue
engine guys insane you probably won't be
able to hear how loud it is on that but
is like deafening
you want an ejection seat so you just
press this and he shoots through the
roof yeah
I've never been in one of these cars
before I've only washed on the outside
and as you'd expect every single person
that you look at is we're going to use
which is pretty weird feeling normally
used to that because it has to go
everyone's trying to tell the class to
get out the way for the Lambo I have
packed up my things got my bags together
and I'm about to head up to the airport
Nick and ang are actually hanging around
for another day and I'm heading to
Madrid like I said before let's do some
talking thing somewhere and these guys
heading that South Africa I'm not going
to see you till do even know when I'm
going to see you next see obviously
April next month April 10 Oh see these
guys in the k-town yeah and something
else ah ah
they're gonna come down and see me off
my caps arrived thank you
yeah
by
business class arrivals area into
there's a sign thing like business from
trattoria
finally get to ride my longboard
Oh
alright I'm in the business class lounge
help myself to a complimentary coffee
I've set up a little work area I'm going
to edit some instagrams before my flight
ah
Oh
like that's right thank you
check this out guys
they just brought me a mattress outfit
my seat
full on bed alright well that was a
lovely line
if like seven hours
gained a bit of time today is Madrid
three hours behind Dubai
that's we were landing there just say
ten degrees outside
little bit colder but nick has given me
this jacket
it's cold weather drunk yet so
you'll be alright
through much slept most of life thing
like five hours
he's jumping in the taxi yes SS s yes
all right I found my hotel I have
dropped my bags in the hotel and I've
wrapped at war and I'm gonna go and find
some dinner because I am hungry I only
ate one meal on the plane I'm guessing I
was asleep when they brought the second
male found a spicy pizza I got coffee as
well perfect
I had a delicious dinner I just popped
into his shop to get some snacks
strolling back to the hotel it's kind of
weird being on my own
I guess I'm not used to solo travel it's
been a while I'm looking forward to
exploring Madrid day well this is my
room it's not too shabby well it's good
to be in Madrid and I'm looking forward
to the next few days I'll fill you guys
in on my schedule and what I'm up to you
but basically I'm here talking at the
economists future of travel summit again
invited to some big fancy event and it's
going to be pretty cool I'm hoping to
meet some other people in travel spheres
and I think it's going to be some yeah
like really high up important people and
this time I'm doing on my own though and
make an angel' combat South Africa say
know how I'm going to do but we'll see
alright I only get some sleep and I
catching the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
