good morning guys
we have jumped in the Nuba and we are
heading to go skydiving you guys excited
yes / nervous yeah yeah
look at this cool dog and let mr. doggy
right first things first we have just
signed these forms to say that we if we
die then we're not going to sue them
it's where everyone's setting up ready
to go carefully playing some volleyball
for they go up today we're doing two
things we're skydiving from 13,000 feet
and we're also doing this gyrocopter
thing which is called like a small
aircraft and little bit like a
helicopter they're just trying to decide
what we should do first because of the
weather conditions I think we're
actually going to do skydiving first and
we are doing tandem jumps use the
consortium yeah of course who wouldn't
be who though it's jumping out of plane
do excited yeah I'm excited yeah Griffin
air this is the moment guys
this is the scariest moment you're just
on the edge you're about to jump oh yeah
and then and then once you're fooling is
actually awesome but this was scary
we're getting our harnesses on
apparently we don't need jumpsuits
so this is Alberto he's going to be the
guy that's strapped to my back and
keeping me alive as we're falling
plummeting from the sky how many how
many jumps have you done almost 3,000
5,000 awesome awesome we are ready I'm
strapped up ready to go I think we're
about to get my plane through the pain
that's a nice
the bird on a fear now really excited
break5
hey everybody take 6 x
I trust there
all right thank idiotically
cute
you
Oh welcome back thank you your life
amazing good huh yeah guys in the same I
cannot describe there's no words that
can describe now and say this every time
like third time still just as awesome
how do you find in there now is the most
insane adrenalin experience I've ever
done yeah would you go again
it is the views of Dubai I like it
literally is like you you're falling in
an Instagram oh yeah extremely it's the
most amazing and is struggling with her
what's just happened it's gonna be okay
I do emotional
so it's time to go on the gyrocopters
now I think they're a little bit like a
helicopter this is their pilot Frank
you're looking forward to the gyrocopter
neck yeah we're going to get some
incredible scenic views over the city so
I think the plan is we're going to be
flying around and spawn the city all the
way over to the Burj Khalifa gets cool
kids of that how many things better like
a helicopter around we're going to get
much closer maximum height we can flies
only 300 meters which is less than half
the high end burj khalifa all right here
we go guys these are our driver copters
they are tiny look how tiny they are I
think we're gonna have some issues guys
because I've only got a large helmet
we're gonna need at least double XL yeah
definitely got some issues who me Dad
probably
that was epic guys so epic boy how thick
is that everything is so good I think I
might buy one of these guys I think this
would be a good investment to buy one of
this where we live back the hotel but
eventually got a meet-up they were
heading to octobe people that were going
to be by the Burj Khalifa now but we
need to go back get sorted and showers
up before we head over there I am so
tired guys I'm just shattered so did not
sleep much last night
well a little rest upstairs and had to
resort to having a can of redbull so I
am just
have got good energy from me up but we
are jumping in the cab now heading over
to the Burj Khalifa and we're going to
meet loads of cool people well what was
supposed to take seven minutes took us
an hour from our hotel to here which is
crazy means we're super late to meet
people I don't even know if anyone's
arrived to be honest probably only gonna
be like five people here
well we found lots available the meetup
is winding down I've been meeting loads
of people I've got some gifts look at
these gifts here and this guy's been
holding all my gifts for me thanks
though rummy okay I'm asking these girls
about that is this called a hijab hijab
nikka and I'm noticing you're wearing
the hijab and you're not covering your
hair is that just your choice is that
your parents choice I'm a damaged lungs
there are going to be our ghost around
yeah is it what when would you start
wearing it okay and maybe you start
doing it then maybe okay you're Muslim
right how do you feel as a Muslim when
people like have hatred towards misses
because of Isis and like and radical
groups Isis is not are not Muslims yeah
they're not my paper I interact like
they're Muslims okay no I'm not
actually for United States yeah I know
yeah as you don't have to thank me the
same to Muslims I'm living like Islam is
something like oh yeah what happened in
India go for God like ignore that come
here do whatever they want to even with
ya
these kids have enough to come with
their drivers drove us back of the hotel
we were going to get any verb I thought
this is really quite fun you know if
this bit of space in the car why not
apparently we're all gonna fit in this
car I can't see how I can't see how yeah
yeah how do you feel in here bye no
sweetie thank you right let's count how
many people we got one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten and the
driver eleven people
yeah we're getting refreshments as well
cheers and cheers bye thank you
well it's the end of an incredible day I
can't get over how incredible today was
it was great to meet everyone that came
to the meet up and tomorrow we are gonna
be heading out to the desert going on a
desert safari I'm really looking forward
to that now catching the money peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
