and you're watching Louie good morning
guys
today's the day I'm gonna go and do my
talk and we've got ready I've got very
smart but Amaya and we're just getting
in our car to head over to the main
building
I'm guys this is my stage this is where
I'm gonna be speaking in about 15
minutes pretty excited right just
getting miked up
these are kind of ones they have an
added dance routines in stage
this woman's from YouTube she's going to
talking first before I go on stage
conversation have a conversation with
your audience it's one of the most
important things think about it when you
are creating the content and try to
ensure that your tweet you know you're
doing something that you love that you
want to share with others and therefore
one thing others they engage with you as
you create the content here with you
guys this morning hi are you
welcome to Dubai you've traveled alone
have you been to the Bible yeah in 2013
I came there and I got got the bad clean
Paris but I only stayed a few days I'm
looking for to this whole weekend oh
let's know I was reading up about you
and I find your background is very
fascinating how did it all start where
did you go you know he started a boom
box yeah how did that come about what
was that about I realized a lot of young
people lack belonging and they don't
feel like they're a part of things and
there's there's kids that get in trouble
often because they just don't have other
things to do and they don't have any
one's believing them so I realized that
some space that I'd love to be really
supportive and I found myself actually
going and hanging out on the stream of
young people because that's the only
place they have to go so I had this idea
like if I had if I had a big bus I don't
know why I actually wish we brought bus
bikes cause if I just speak fast I can
like make into a youth club and I think
maybe I've seen something similar at
some stage that it must have triggered
the thought but I talked to a lot of
people about it and eventually someone
had heard that I had this vision and
they offered me some money to start a
project and then I actually found a way
to fund little water got the bus I was
working during the week with charities
and even the police asked me to come in
because there's some areas that were
high crime and gangs and stuff I managed
to connect young
you know what I was doing to the
reactors thought this isn't really the
message I will excommunicate and then
challenged me to think wait what
messaging though and I think I'm still
in a way figuring out what is the clear
message of chronically decay so one of
them is just to pursue passions to step
up slowly not desire to seek out
adventure in your own life and maybe
that looks very different to how I think
it's quite extreme choice to document my
life the great thing is I though it
seems like fulfilling my whole day the
reality is I'm probably only filming
about half an hour of footage and I'm
cutting that down to about 10 minutes so
I get to choose when I feel
some of my friends tend to want to not
being like you know videos and that's
fine and it works that well so I can
still spend time to people and you know
go out for coffee and I don't know you
don't even know many of them I've always
had a passion for travel since I can
remember and I've always had a passion
is there filming things also I've got
passion fool I guess see something
positive like a positive change in the
world impact those around me
and to be able to have a platform that
hopefully inspires people that was just
an exciting concept to me it's hard to
predict which they sell voice fluid
voice film every day then I'm not going
to miss anything and I'm kind of in
order than us because personal in some
areas are kind of extreme so I decide I
think initially I started a month but
it's everyday filming and I thought
you know I can do it month I can do
month every day bill when I was making
like maybe three minute videos every day
and then I experiment experiment today
after that doing maybe every other day
and then I decided just over two years
ago just to stop filming every single
day the difficulty to find a camera to
film and then to upload that I mean to
you know to put it on your computer to
edit it and upload it's quite a long
process
I think for some people that's a bit of
a barrier to maybe want to explore
YouTube as a platform so this this is
FIFA I have from a lot of my viewers so
I actually this year with a friend of
developed an app as a bit of I guess
it's a bit of a stepping stone towards
making love videos so I you know there's
an app where you can call story that
I've been developing it's it's creating
longer videos that say snapchat or
Instagram of mine you can basically
stitch video clips together and it's
it's so it for me it's an introduction
to how to vlog and documented tell a
story who I am saying a lot to do with
the people that I've been around it with
my upbringing and my my family and my
friends I think my family have always
been
open-minded about the world and from a
relatively young age they would show me
that the way that we were living wasn't
the only way and the culture that we're
used to isn't isn't that the correct way
to live it's just one way that we people
live so we've been on trips which were
definitely a bigger thing I think at the
end of 14 we went to Malaysia and
Indonesia and and to me that you know I
just saw such a different size the world
has ever seen I remember that being very
light well I've finished my talk and it
was I think it went well
I think you learn pretty well just got
coffee and we have just booked but
tomorrow guys to go skydiving which I'm
very excited about I think Nick and
Andrew both doing it with me is
incredible
and we've booked to go out and this
little gyrocopter like to see a
helicopter weird thing which looks
amazing
so hopefully the weather's good enough
we get to do that so they're resetting
up because she was too short compared to
Louise so she had to stand on a step so
they were rigging up the whole interview
as she can look taller
so I just did another TV interview had a
little go on the oculus rift again and
now we're going to find the food court
because it's lunch time and I'm pretty
hungry
and we've also amazing news guys we just
booked in an hour's massage at the hotel
starting in an hour's time so we've got
it eat quick yeah we've got our lunch
got some miso soup sushi this is really
really she's got our chicken tikka in it
I don't really think that counts the
sushi look lovely right it's traditional
Japanese sushi we've finished our lunch
one the back roads hell we're gonna burn
up to our room and get ready for
Matadors I'm thinking maybe sauna
jacuzzi after that as well makes sense
and then we can just chill out so I've
been led free to get my massage and
they've given me these cool black
pajamas to wear because I'm not getting
an oil massage I'm getting a Thai
massage which is more to do is like
joints and other than elbows and stuff
which I'm happy about
I prefer those kind of massages anyway
well guys I just finished my message are
so good it's really funny I am usually
you lie this way but he said that was
too long so I had a light diagonal on
the and the mattress to fit hilarious
that was your masters Nick
yeah
now we're heading over here Jacuzzi time
we have had a little rest in our rooms
and we have come out with some dinner in
the hotel a nice little restaurant on
the second floor our friend Steve's
comes doing this again yeah yeah as your
as your day being that heck big I was on
the radio today yeah I was gonna invite
you I don't think you or the camera I
don't know I don't even know when
someone spoke flogging me with their
camera I don't know I always look at the
camera thank you venison Wellington
guys look at the size of this chair this
is this is yummy they are not messing
around
they do everything is the biggest in
Dubai including the chairs
the desert has a ride to chocolate
fondant with little berries that the do
fairies
so the good
alright back from dinner and about heads
bed I've just been editing my video and
I need to get some sleep because first
thing in the morning we are going
skydiving over the palm islands it's
gonna be incredible managed to persuade
Nick and Ange to join me yeah just so
get ready for a nuts of vlog tomorrow
alright
see in the morning peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
