hi everybody this is Christina
vinaigrette from Philippines and you're
watching fun for Louie
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
boom good morning guys I had a nice day
off yesterday and just hung out with my
family and my grandpa and uncles and it
was it was really awesome and now I'm
going out for some lunch my mom and
Grandpa maybe Darcy if she gets ready in
time Darcy come on we're leaving
how you doing Darcy we have come to a
place called post and Lacey which I was
actually here I think last time I was in
the UK in November and I think this was
the last time I saw my grandma was here
we went for lunch
I got eat a little sauce with a mesh
turn here with these guys we've finished
lunch and we're walking down some a
peaceful winter garden but it's not
something very peaceful some heavy
machinery and storing going on
that little bridge no garden is what my
grandpa's favorite places to be in their
winter this cool flowers this is amazing
smell I don't know exactly where the
smell is going from some of the flowers
or bushes or something but what a day
today
I think this bitch is the one who smells
the nicest
yes well glad it's not raining because
it was chocolate
see you later grandpa we're back home
and before Steve comes over because
we're gonna head up to London to see Ben
tonight I've got a special package I
need to open I'm very excited now here's
my delivery whites oh yeah do you know
what it is I let you have no idea oh
maybe I do know what it is oh that's
also bad you know that's sick check that
out
boom thanks guys thanks for getting me a
golden play bud oh we better hit the
road
right London Waterloo and we are under
what we do
but you know
yeah we must chill somewhere yeah we
should hit the thing
No
we don't know then we will give will
drop phenol okay well this is how you
want an underground train in rush hour
we're headed to the city
no the coffee we hear banging the copies
today alone
check out this manhole covers citizen it
is it to do with the fact the little
scissors husbands and fabrics and stuff
around him I like that it's cool where's
Ben we've lost Ben and this guy have a
big orange building that through here
we're chillin doing laptop Club look who
it is it's Ben Brown seen you since Cape
Town I think when you gave me a lift to
the airport yeah the snow in Canada
looks way better than the snow means
they've got really good I want to go get
that but we gotta go we have to go no
you mean to Australia yeah like toys and
stuff just require and what's the
highlight over the last couple of months
since I saw you
nothing the highlight I don't know
Canada is ridiculous dog sled such a my
life here in powder and realizing it's
nobody's like oh boy can we go
snowboarding one day together yes Tina
has the right let's do a bit more
editing and then I think we gonna get
some food again some food Steve
I think this is a place tie up so we're
going to go check it out
it's just a guy
all right ah smells so good I wish you
guys could smell this
yeah smells delicious
right this is apparently what they're
famous for is these lamb chops so we're
going to tuck in this is just our start
your chicken in there as well bro your
tandoori chicken mains have arrived
this is chloride chicken I asked for
extra spicy obviously
they give me smooth
I'm super satisfied how did you boys
find the curry delicious not and now I
think the plan is we are going for
little Instagram mission a little wander
around is freezing cold but I've wrapped
up nice and warm
oh my little headband bouncing gloves go
scarf on
well as a pleasant little trip up to
London pretty chilled one nice hanging
out with Ben and Steve Oh feels good
despite the cold I'm not going to
complain I'm wrapped up warm today says
it's all been alright I'm glad it wasn't
chucking it rain like it was at the
beginning of the day though
that wouldn't have been quite as
enjoyable all right Ben is off I feel
that Ben I'm not gonna see bro for
another like two humps why do we do this
right Steve drop me off see later bro
bye thanks you too right I am back and
I've been editing for quite a few hours
I have almost caught up with my vlogs
they're almost back on track and I'm
gonna try and put out two tomorrow which
will get me finished with the
snowboarding and almost flight back home
and then I just got today's dub load I
think that's right
so anyway sorry I got so behind guys and
it does get a bit complicated especially
when you watch my snapchats and I've
been posting some stories as well yeah
I'm backing my stories I did one of the
airport and I also did one on I was
snowboarding so if you're getting
impatient waiting for vlogs you probably
get a faster update if you if you're
following me in story cool well yeah I
think the week gonna continue to be
quite chilled I'm not sure what I'm
doing tomorrow Steve saying we should go
in there get a little coffee and hang
out some more and catch up cuz although
we went away for the weekend we were
just snowboarding and running around and
we didn't really um you know we didn't
really catch up properly cool I will see
in the morning hopefully not too late
and trying to get my sleeping pad back
on track
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
