and all guys and we've freed from Angie
France and this is Brisby and you you
are watching fun follow away and joy
boom good afternoon guys it's been a
little bit of a late start to the day
but we've found a nice spot to chill get
some breakfast outside in the sunshine
we just have a little coffee and a
croissant and we're just making plans
for the day I think we're gonna have a
children today at me Steve relax what
have we got booked in massage I am a bit
jealous though we're watching people ski
down here I want to get on the slopes
right a grabbing our board and we're
heading to another hotel today
we dropped our bags and snowboards and
all that on you excel and now he jumps
back in the cab and then we're heading
to the spa massage we need to eat first
so it's so funny we walk straight into
the hotel or weather spotters and
they're like hurry hurry hurry they're
like shuffle me into this little were
like back during their luggage you know
like getting into your swimming ghost
gym grab a dressing-gown and like come
for the massage they head out the other
boys gone to get food I'm gonna make out
with the mayor guys that was amazing
I just an hour's moustache laid here
it's quite funny I had to wear this tiny
little thong and now heading to the hot
tub that's great
I'm really a tea from stable yesterday
and the maps larger than this jacuzzis
just seeing the muscle tonight
she's jumped in the sauna this is the
go-to temperature guys this is a hot
sauna yeah looking out the water and the
coals this is how you roll and Sonia
you've got the little thing of water yes
here I think get ready get ready for the
heat wave guys check out this outside
swimming pool that is amazing it's
steamy how many it's 33 degrees in here
I will just come out how's that guys
they're leaving very relaxed a bit I
just need to get dressed now what's the
food we're bucking that is there and we
are trying to find somewhere to eat your
burgers we want yummy burgers we're also
having a bit of difficulty booking and
taxi to the airport tomorrow this is the
busiest week of the air and all the
taxis here have totally fully booked all
the taxi companies all of the shuttles
things probably the bus the most out so
we're trying to come up with a plan I'm
not sure quite what to do we're thinking
maybe we can rent a car well we finally
found our burgers and they let glorious
are they glorious yes these are just
this is exactly what we need right now
we are braving the cold walking back to
the hotel I think we have our stuff
sorted for tomorrow now we've got a
rental car we're just not it's highly
sure whether it's confirmed so we're
gonna check in the morning and then we
can drive to Geneva that's the plan oh
he is chilly
it's chilly in it really really cold you
ready for bed what and we'll get up at
like 9:30 to go slow rolling this right
we have arrived back at the new place
that we moved into earlier some of the
team that were out here and filming they
went home earlier than us so it meant
there's a few spare rooms because we
extended our stay basically and so I am
just chilling and getting some editing
done
the boys have both gone to bed and I
wanted to show you guys that some of
Devon's videos from when we were in New
Zealand and started going live so he's
done the Hobbiton one which is just
mainly kind of scenic shots but this is
the first one I was featured in and this
is a stand boarding one you remember
when we went to the north as me stuck in
it
but this is such an awesome video guys
I'll link it so long in the description
that you've got to check out
why always 4:30 in the morning and I'm
still jet-lagged so I'm still probably
in the Mexican type so I've just gone
for it a wonder around the house the
point seems to be and I found these
yogurts in the fridge from what I
understand this is like a self-catered
house so oh it's not-it's a catering
house so like all the food's free and I
met the girls that are kind of running
the house and they are cooking breakfast
tomorrow morning which is exciting
but yeah I'm glad that we we found this
place or you know that it was available
for us it's kind of funny earlier when
in the day when we arrived here we
didn't have a key and we just we just
followed someone in and then we would
sword the room keys who likes to take a
room key and just like let ourselves in
we but we got a text message telling us
which room it was that we were supposed
to be in so it kind of all worked out it
was it's kind of cheeky right I think
I'm gonna I'm gonna go to my room eat
these yogurts and then try and get some
sleep because the plan is we're gonna
get out for I think like we're having
breakfast at like 9:30 and then hitting
the slopes for half the day and then
driving to Geneva to catch a flight so
I'll catch you then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
