hi everyone how you doing I hope you
doing well now your day is about to get
amazingly better because you're about to
see fun for Louise latest adventure
enjoy good morning it is bright and
early and we're just getting ready to
hit the slopes guys check this out this
is Owen our window let oh hello hello
snowy mountains this is crazy I was in
the Caribbean like yesterday how you
feeling Steve yeah
how you feelin Andy good feeling good I
don't have any ski clothes I've got this
jackets these Olympe but I can't really
go on the slopes of this so I need to go
and get out it's by cellar pets like
some kind of scarfie happy things gloves
a jacket there basically everything he's
done by everything quickly so is this
your first time right yeah
fashion never strap thighs look at these
icicles
i'ma break this ice cooler right
I could kill you this guess you can say
it's a nice way to die Steve all right
all right just measuring up got my boots
so this little rental shop right next
door has got a good selection of skier
so I'm gonna hit up the road and try and
find a pimp I'm just gonna get my balls
and like be rental but we have popped in
to get coffee I'm gonna get coffee you
know to breakfast well I got my
breakfast bat light one more little
coffee and then I think we're ready
cheers Steve okay so we just walk into
the shop now to get me some clothes and
then we're heading throughout the
mountain and we are good to go power
building which is basically paragliding
from snowboarding so you're like on the
board I think quite know how it works
gonna find out what you out there but
that's what are you we're in a bit of a
rush I picked out some stuff they give
me a little this is the busiest day
busiest week of the year for people
could it be yeah first round it's gonna
take a while at the time you wanna come
back up to do this it's a glorious day
you know I just need to find the other
guys and I'm jumping from out and you
ready to jump up the mountain sleep so
baby I'm so hot yeah yeah we're gonna do
our first run so
got a couple of runs in I'm just getting
you know back in the flow I think I'm
getting there oh you didn't please
feeling good right here yeah laughing on
the site no I so good
it's constructed a feeler
to spend your names and commence a skate
anything
boy Steve how what was the paragliding
bro now we're heading back up for some
lunch right after lunch and you'll be
pleased to know guys I am back on my
snapchat game I haven't been able to
snapchat what I was in Cuba because Cuba
has no internet and it's just been yeah
it's been a blackout with my snapchat it
leads them quite nicely to why I'm here
we go right out here by 3:00 which
community conveniently I'm on anybody
I'm on the Spree Network which means
wherever I am so there's comedy 16 the
countries which basically I can show
with my UK 7 and I can just use the
internet and I'll show you what was
doing before these are all the sim cards
I used to carry around the world as they
set these down so I don't know if I've
shown you guys these before but every
country I went to I had to buy a new SIM
cards and this is my collection I don't
need these anymore just got my one so so
I'm happy I'm happy
has arrived
all right so next thing we're doing
today apparently it's called ASCII Bundy
we basically snowball down this ramp and
then just nothing but we've got like
some kind of bungee cord attached to us
the assembly let's see something else
Pizza Steve you doing that bow down so
and then Steve art filling it you're not
feeling it
right I'm ready for this guy's it's
gonna be great
guys that was inside
I remember hearing the Trump doing a
little butt lift and flavored up next
thing I don't know it's gone almost
fooling us final over the place but
unfortunately the ski lift we needed to
get stopped running by late now so we
have to like to find another way - how
we going back check this out guys we all
give him one of these today
it's an HTC ray and it's a it's just a
little mobile camera and it links
straight to your mobile phone
she stuff what's your poster whizzing
around it's pretty good think it's
waterproof as well
that was my seller pears are full of
snow dinner this is some kind of onion
thing to know about is in their masses
their tastes live without and the
dessert menu apple crumble around home
time oh wow what a fantastic day it's
been so good getting to snowboard again
and hang out with and then Steve it's
been great to see them still can't
believe I did that jump today and the
bungees that wasn't that's right Ivan
gets to sleep but basically we were
supposed to be flying out this morning
and a few hours but we've decided to
push it back and stay an extra two days
and just to make the most of our time
out here so hopefully we'll we might
take an easy day tomorrow like boots and
spar and we're gonna get massage and
just chill hang out and then we might
hit the slopes either tomorrow or on
Saturday and
yeah looking forward to it alright catch
in the morning peace out enjoy life live
the adventure
