you're watching for Louise good morning
guys I slept well last night London I'm
heading down to Brighton today to go and
see Alfie no puppy I've arrived at
helping Zoe hey how you doing good I
haven't seen you since playlist when you
came into my meter yeah yeah and there's
Alfie yo yeah I'm here only for like two
more days and then I'm up again and
these this is knowledge rather buzz and
let's find no luck so I haven't actually
shown you guys Knightley yeah how does
she know she's so cute and she was even
smaller than this when you had and they
have to stay apart so they don't scratch
each other's eyeballs apparently because
they're siblings they get way too like
basically I think what is supposed to be
more dominant but neither of them are
like backing down yeah so it's just this
bit like worse
just going out to lunch to Jamie's
Italian I'm so hungry
so I'm great you guys hungry
Yeah right what's best thing on the menu
starter has arrived big sharing
flattered we're talking in our
mozzarella balls oh just like standard
yeah of course one bank so he was joking
I'm so looking forward to this I don't
know what to go for though what's these
for these ones yeah get in on them where
are they
that's what about Brendan qualies Paolo
I think
mains have arrived this is pulled lamb
yeah me enough you got that what did you
get Zoe I've got it all right yeah we've
now but he wasn't sure whether he's
going to manage to do that he got the
biggest one just costing out the hot
pavlova
what's your words that way now I got a
chocolate brownie which I think was
recommended as one of the best ones to
get and there's just bit of popcorn
balanced on sort of my ice cream that's
quite impressive
all right before we go back to alpha
mean Zoe's alpha this idea that we
should go to Toys R Us and find some fun
toys to play with so that's what we're
doing that's what we're doing what toys
you looking for Zoe okay let's get some
jigsaw puzzles have you seen this movie
yeah it's good in that ready so he's
gone she can't avoid stabilizers death
wait what am I gonna write maybe I can
try but I think this table don't worry
 Romans desu smoke Connie get the
card out big teddy bear I love teddy
bears are so fluffy we didn't find the
toys we wanted to that's rough so we
just wandered next door into pets at
home and I found these cute little
chinchillas we're looking at little
tweet for Nala did you like the ones
with noises
did you just eat it yeah you like dried
river water I reckon you should get a
really like gothic colored like spikes
on it that metal spike yeah get gothic
color of metal spike the dogs are happy
we're back these are the toys you got
the pet shop what is that a pheasant
when you see the white summarize that's
which is on a mission oh we are killing
this evening I've just finished doing
some editing we're with the dogs and we
watching comic relief and TV all right
I'm gonna make myself a little coffee oh
these are the different flavors of
coffee
Vizsla these guys if you don't know Zoe
took part in there what's it called
dinner has arrived
yummy I know babe
but yo guys lunch has arrived so ease up
the bed
night-night very see in the mornings
well guys it's been a fantastic day
super chilled just catching up load with
Alfie and Zoe and yeah I just I'm really
happy that I got a chance to you before
heading off again on Sunday and I've
decided to I've been invited to crash
here tonight and I'm headed off in the
morning after probably trying to grab
some breakfast to them but yeah it's
been nice it's been nice I'm happy and
I'll see you tomorrow I've got my friend
Sylvia coming over she's going to be
meeting up my dreads ready for important
smart business time in Dubai with a suit
and stuff it's gonna be weird but I need
to look my best and yeah I just began
finalizing things getting stuff ready
alright see the morning peace out enjoy
life live the adventure
