good morning guys it's our second day in
Dubai and some aha
I've ended back in Dubai more like this
wasn't intentional at all but I just had
a really nice breakfast catch up with my
friends and then jp's not quite ready
yet he's still doing laundry at his
hotel so she was like we're doing we
drop you I was like huh I don't know I
guess I'll get dropped back at the mall
I needed to exchange some currency so
we've got US dollars in cash for the
rest of the flight but ya know I'm just
wandering around the mall and I don't
think JP's around for a couple of hours
so despite spending the entire day here
yesterday I'm back here and no offense
to this place because I mean it's
impressive but this isn't really my vibe
likes hanging out on his shopping malls
all day so I need to go until I find
something to do with my time well guys I
didn't last long and the shopping center
I hear I had to get out of this be
honest I have just swung past to pick up
a parcel this is an essential thing for
the plane I think it something to do
with the oxygen system which means we
can fly at a higher altitude and now I'm
grabbing an uber going in there finding
JPEG remnants the lunch
I think IRA just open the package and I
didn't know this is what it was I
thought it was gonna be like an oxygen
mask like like a mask just shoot suction
up your nose
a needle on here which you adjust and
then you have a regulator and is this if
we go up to light out which leaves are
like thirteen thousand something
basically there have been times where it
should be okay wow this is like properly
like when you're in an airliner and that
you you imagine the like dropping down
Friday okay guys we've arrived at
another cool second shopping mall of the
day to me my friend hey further you saw
last night and probably know from my
previous vlogs anyway she's just
finished a meeting here we're going to
grab some lunch to go and then the plan
is we're gonna drive into the desert and
hopefully go on a little desert tour and
we're hoping to interview her from in
her car while she's driving us there so
a bit of a different kind of star good
to be I'm just trying to call it now a
juggle all these things I trying to get
to the desert trying to do it into
trying to make your coincide when it
hits the desert before the Sun sets and
it's like setting super early right now
so hopefully we still will have time
back the other thing we didn't bring the
right GoPro mounts of films that we're
hoping we can like this a camera in the
car somehow
all right we were in the car which seems
a bigger house in the mountainous
I think what makes us all human and what
we have in common is our the needs the
human needs we all have the same human
needs we all want to feel loved
appreciated and we all like to you know
to eat and we all sleep we're actually
so much similar than we think in such a
beautiful way and I believe if we have
anything different between us it's just
because it's interesting our differences
are a blessing that's something I
already believe in we've popped up
papers Jeep and we are jumping in
another off-road vehicle and we're about
to head into the desert we're running a
little bit late but hopefully just lends
an air out the tires there to drive
understand
tune bashing for sunset - and Hopa
didn't hang it out the window and I
literally have got sand in my mouth
pleasure I gotta live that venture oh
that's that listen nona
we parked up perfect time to watch the
sunset oh yeah yes getting those epic
photos yeah
it's always a rush to get the photos
especially here like the sunsets so
quickly doesn't give you much time to
get them got some goodies of JP walking
on the mound the wind is so good because
it just everything's like flowing
no see quick sunset not here not only
quiet when you need it near the equator
if you like up in the cover descent you
guys are gonna be in a total different
place tomorrow this is so empty but
tomorrow is gonna be busy in India
how do you find India so vibrant and
colorful and India on its own is like a
huge continent I've been to the north
and to the south and they're very very
different things with Sophia Kara Kara
no I haven't to care enough oh it's so
amazing Salam alaikum ceremony I
remember shotgun you know what love
means in Arabic it's called oh yeah that
means love that how's it spelled h OB
you may be stuck in the sand though we
can just sleep here tonight don't worry
about it you just figuring his way out
oh we hit a quite big gene there he
needs a hand
whoa okay Oh II know we stuck
do you need some help
bad news guys we're stuck he's like we
need another car yeah for sure
he said we're in a really bad situation
so you can use your Namibian skills JP
he's in the ditch basically look it's
pinned we're stuck away this is an idea
guys we're um we're in the middle of the
desert
where we're stuck the car is is wedged
both sides back in front we're doing
yeah okay yeah we can dig that I go I'm
gonna join it yay so I'm filming I
wanted to help no but it's all in my
eyes we need again
you know I'd like to know what
they're getting you know literally like
sunbathed I mean sunbathe before they go
to India
I think we we push apart
oh wow company for oh wow you're amazing
hey Congrats we made it out of the Sun
well nice teamwork
well you're the core part yield the
motivational JP give everyone a bit of
background of why you're so experience
with getting vehicles outs fight
situations I think I grew up in Namibia
like that country well like desert
driving is very common though similar to
this yeah and you just grow up with your
dad having a big 4x4 and all kitted out
and go on adventures camping adventure
so viewer giving JP a bit of a hard time
when we're in Iceland and he was saying
how he would have got that vehicle out
of the snow but he doesn't know what
he's talking about that's the difference
he's not like it he's not that just like
an arrow or that doesn't really know we
can do a whole series hafer teaches us
about women something so important and
so cute yeah Louie I'm gonna expose
something okay give me your phone
boys right yeah
something incredibly cute and it's like
my guy did this for me
I would feel so good so girls are like
sometimes it's just a small stuff that
would mean a lot like this so it's a
nice picture on the background I saw
basically this is from this is from a
snap now this is from an Instagram story
I was doing the other day and I just
thought she looks so beautiful
i screenshot it and put its my
background even I thought it was cute
when I saw you do it hey if you just
said she get coconuts I thought you
meant just like the juice like in a
bottle no real real fresh coconuts this
is my favorite person we'll hang out
place into why this place it's called
Galleria Mong and it has really cool
restaurants and I just love the vibe 5
year and I try to hold my meetings here
I fell in it meet a friend it's just so
positive I like it have I been a before
no okay next time yeah so I just had a
really fun evening with my friend bin
baz totally forgot to film it I'm sorry
but tonight's a very special night I'm
just about to head to the airport and
pick up JC he is as I said yesterday a
incredible cinematographer he's gonna be
joining for at least a couple of weeks
to help film for the documentary and
he's about to land so I better I better
head now and yeah I'm really excited for
him to join us on this next few legs of
the trip and create some stunning
content yeah so you'll meet him in a
minute guys
I found them he discovered his flight
where did he come from
I'm saying I'm not saying yeah okay I
said I think it is Paris the birthday
okay and how long you do any point you
know yeah you know yeah maybe two weeks
yeah we're gonna we're gonna have a lot
of fun so welcome to my friends house
we're sharing a room I just need to
throw the mattress in the floor and then
right we're back for the night the plan
tomorrow is we're actually gonna chill a
bit now and JEP messaged me tonight
saying because of complications in India
and stopping the amount of times that we
were planning to you we may actually be
now diverting to Pakistan for a couple
of days before we go to India which is
pretty cool sweet catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life left adventure
