I'm Josh empty chukar on the journey in
London and you're watching from fluey oh
good morning guys I just had breakfast
and now me and Andy and Dave or heading
off in a little adventure where we going
Dave to a lake and lake right we're
sitting those car and he just tried to
start and he's what's happened Dave well
we didn't get very far and we got
nowhere we ran out of petrol who card is
still sits 0 miles okay let's fish it
into the carpet okay just here all right
push it right there he nuts a day it was
weak in this pocket here come we good
job Andy change of plan we're gonna go
and Andy's gone up nice little rain now
I know oh what's this little guy so man
so just a rise in the middle of nowhere
near a little village and the idea today
is basically no I'm looking for some
land for Tupac's my playing on a
building Ewok village and Dave's also
looking for some land with a lake to
have a floating house on it was to build
a little wood cabin or something so
we're just looking at options and
obviously planning commission both their
locations and you know what's possible
though he's found this plot of land near
this golf course and we're going to go
check out and see what it's like I'm
glad finally there's something in motion
and the fact that Dave's also looking
for a plot of land could mean that we
end up sharing sharing a an area I want
a little little patch of woodland though
he can go and live in the lake I can
have my little tree houses and stuff it
can be pretty fun
it could be a long process but it's
gotta start somewhere the only way I let
no no running with fish I'm ruining my
fun keep trying to drive an ifr we go
cuz that's your late date sold in the
summer this would be lovely this to be
lovely yeah about the rivers make a very
clear boundary as to where the edges are
OHP footage of a low blow just gonna
catch in case at all yeah yeah what you
reckon guys should we boy these islands
and the slake my only concern is is not
enough room to be plain on this land and
there's probably enough room for a few
treehouses but not like an Ewok village
so either this isn't the place or it's
there it's the it's part of the journey
and then we do it here for a little bit
maybe build a couple of treehouses and
give it a go and then we progress to a
bigger plot I'm not convinced I'm not
convinced these guys seem pretty
convinced you get to jump in though I
was gonna go for a swim but I get naked
it's gonna it's skinny swim others yeah
the hotel I feel bad give another key
back they don't want for quick
plan yeah we are just driving in through
the middle of golf course is a road this
does not look like a road I mean it does
say it's road just keep going in this
far now yeah yeah you got forward boy
may as well use it are we in full battle
mode they're not trailering jetties
along here no this is definitely the
back access that's no one's different on
foot for years literally you oh no the
gate stacks they filled up this little
petal town so in go and rescue his car
so we've just made a spontaneous visit
to mercedes-benz world where we're going
to do a track experience in a sports car
in the truck shows the car we're going
to take out Andy right I think it's the
fast one just the fastest one we can
take out that looks fast next fast I've
never done a track day before cool
hopefully we don't crash
we're heading out quite sure it is the
track and we're just gonna be driving
very very much I'm going to be a
passenger to start with and then driving
so because I'm cool song No watch him do
it and get some tips
turn left again with a little bit of
power not too much when the back wheels
are on power now whoa unbelievably 360
exactly till hot me on me
use as much power as you feel
comfortable with okay when I say brick
follow mergency stops crack in the drive
that's it go go go use the power
it's
to the car in front costs 715 there
isn't the one in front of that cost
200,000 this one costs 70,000 and the
other one is pulling over now it's about
85 90 thousand so a lot of money on
trackers and this is take one of each
yeah then relogin still unclear going
keep the only SLS is gorgeous catching a
nice thank you know if I gotta deceive
your use ok this jumbo great bring fun I
think I'm gonna become a racing car
driver guys that was incredible still
pumping with adrenaline
oh I think I could become a overcome as
a speed addict guys are just looking
around a little bit more okay this is a
Mercedes electric car this is only this
is one of only eight that made only
costs 420,000 yeah
it's fun look who's computer games of
lame always lucky didn't do this in the
abstract it's very enjoyable thing we
were heading off now to find a yesterday
and guys at some point over the last
hour so I lost a stitch from my finger
so I'm hoping that won't open up again
Pelini's take the rest these are the two
out and it's a couple of days as well
right we're back in London and we've got
dinner we've obviously gone out for a
curry with his best food in the world
got chicken vindaloo quite large portion
today which I'm excited about peshwari
naan onion bhajis let's tuck in well I'm
staying over Andy's again tonight and in
the morning i'm probably gonna head down
to Brighton and catch up with Alfie cuz
I haven't seen them in ages but it's
been yeah pretty chill day is awesome
racing earlier and also trying to dream
a bit more about the potential of buying
some woodland and lake and stuff I'm not
a hundred percent sure whether this is
the final location of my Ewok village
considering there's not of trees but I
think it could be a good stepping stone
from chatting to and in Dave to at least
experiment something on so it might be a
plot of land that they've purchases for
for the meantime and start some some fun
options of you know other day and
they're not what the full plan is but
i'll keep you posted if we do purchase
this land and i'll see you tomorrow
peace out into a life and the adventure
