hello I'm Mussina from Argentina 16 and
you're wanting family enjoy we've just
woken up after like 12 hours sleeping
which is being incredible to this lovely
home cook breakfast Ally huevos we have
here Cafe de Cuba cup bowl of fruit here
you are just your expired yet destroyed
yeah I think this is guava juice how's
the guava juice for us never had well
over for huh this is tasty I think
that's a big pile of carrots and this is
the bread up adventure
check this motorbike Versailles car I
want one of these all day all the roads
have massive holes in it like how could
as hard drive down there this is
ridiculous because the area of Havana
worth paying and in the old town which
is like a typical colonial Spanish place
we like to pull the old old buildings
super color balls but also kind of
dilapidated like it's kind of in need of
repair but that was that's what makes it
so beautiful well also it's all these
old cars ever ever to change in today
and this is from the embargo between the
u.s. which stops and trading or
importing cars like new cars these all
look from 50s when the Cuban Missile
Crisis happened
it's far too many photo opportunities in
Havana like every single street that I
could just spend an hour in each street
a completos so I'm a little bit
overwhelmed in it this is incredibly
beautiful I check this out we just walk
to this square look at this
what
hello
how are you doing bro horses bit me you
know a horse don't bite me no fighting
every single street corner have these
awesome little bands playing like salsa
Cuban music
by
check this out guys it's a little
antique book market on the square
so rio collects National Geographic
magazines and these are from 1935
collection that's crazy so it's all like
in one big book yeah the whole yeah we
just got some three think we want to
learn sounds up and be letting jumped up
a line but company mention my program so
we're going to see if it's worth coming
here for a sample is it to be pretty
awesome
yeah well in someone's living room yeah
they're going to give us a demonstration
Lacey thank you yeah zero play at one
side
hi guys I don't know whether this is the
best plan but we've just booked in five
lessons each that's five hours over the
next today tomorrow next three days so
doing one hour today two hours tomorrow
and two hours the next day hopefully by
then we will be experts outside answers
but that's the plan that's the plan
you excited Riya we're gonna get so good
and we're going to show up Dave when
Dave arrives he's he's going to be
surprised at how good we are not
entirely sure what these bears are about
each country is represented by bears so
we've got to find Bulgaria and I want to
find the UK as well
have you found Bulgaria yes Bulgaria
tried to smoke area you guys in night
hug the Bulgarian bear here's the
British bear United Kingdom not too
impressed not to impress
this guy's literally bouncing in held-up
pay wouldn't
let's look at pulled out
this was a just a gaping hole of night
look like they're filling it river two
men
just popped into a shop and will give us
some cool shirts then thinking um yeah
okay okay I'm like this could work or we
think in right now this this stuff guys
I didn't find a shirt by think I might
have found a hat actually X we've been
into like four different places and he
found got the Filipino trousers sure
I've seen to wait for rice come back
this would be done to get us ice cream
so I brought my outfit
and right back this amazing coconut ice
cream in coconut shell how awesome is
this ice cream
alright time for a first a listen one by
one
one three five six seven say no one
three five six seven okay Froy is
learning a spin now - right yeah - all I
have to do is lift my arm up and she has
to spin in place in place in place this
is what we're learning tomorrow darling
oh yeah
no way
first lesson done that was amazing I
feel like we're actually gonna get it
did you enjoy that yeah I think we're
going to tomorrow's gonna be intense
apparently so yeah he said we're gonna
need Red Bull we need to be drinking Red
Bull
all right let's go point to dinner I
think it's dinner time
found our spot we're gonna eat tonight
it's like this looks we're here we're
just chillin outside this and there's a
band playing over there and wait you're
just about to give us some menu
hopefully the food's very good here too
long dinner has arrived and we're
getting serenaded as well
would you are what do you want John this
chicken drop this chicken you can't have
this chicken I got some chicken and I
got a whole pizza for dinner because my
appetite is quite big at the moment babe
I can't manage it all got this little
going to help me out a mate hello
we found a coffeehouse so I've got
myself a little coffee and I'm sharing a
cake with Breyer this is okay what is
this espresso espresso cake right we've
headed back to the house for the night
and we've got first thing in the morning
two hours of sales the lessons which I
could be quite tired for but I'm also
super excited that I'll be actually
learning something and I won't look
stupid on the dance floor hopefully
after we finish this little south of
course also we need to kind of be in the
same level as Dave and he's pretty good
the dancing so when he gets here
well we can all go and rip up the dance
floor hit the clubs we're still probably
look like complete amateurs to other
locals but I think we'll still be able
to move that's the plan anyway
cool right I'll catch you guys in the
morning and peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure boom
