device is 5:30 in the morning and I am
incredibly tired if only had like like
four hours sleep or something I need to
head down to the lobby and get my uber
to the airport
well that works pretty perfectly my
flights boarding in 10 minutes
Oh guys I panicked so hard when I go out
the taxi because I thought I'd left my
possible in the hotel room because it
was in my pocket and then I can find
there but luckily I put it back in my
bag I was like my heart was racing I was
like I know it should I call and to
check and it's all good it's all good
and as usual enjoying skateboarding
through the airport
thank you
well just landed Miami pretty warm here
and I can tell you going to plan now
basically
if any of you follow me on snapchat you
probably already know Mariette hotels
are sending me on a bit of an adventure
and people yesterday chose the
destination so it's gonna be sunk it's
in the Caribbean which are quite excited
but I didn't even know that place
existed until this will came up it's a
small island
basically if you like tropical paradise
and I'm also flying my sister Hillary
out to join me which is pretty exciting
so I need to find her she's flown in
from London and we're we're like meeting
here in Miami and then getting the
second leg of the flight together and
she's already landed so I'm gonna go and
find us and yeah it's just super excited
it's gonna be really nice to have a
chilled weekend coaster an adventurous
weekend
with my sister because we don't get to
hang out much
I've arrived at my gate and I'm a couple
of hours early
Laurie doesn't seem to be here yet I
just want to show you this guys this is
basically the vibe this is where we're
going somewhere like this palm trees
turquoise sea get ready for paradise
okay guys I have found Hillary how was
your flight
yeah high-five where you just found that
home well Hillary told me that she
thinks is the first time he's actually
gone away just us two together like ever
in our lives so when we we're just
grabbing some lunch before we jump on
the plane it's pretty chill no rushing
relaxation get ready for a weekend the
relaxation help before we board the
plane I'm wandering around the airport
to see if I get fast enough internet
access to upload my video so I've just
connected it seems a little bit better
over here you try over here
guys this is the literally the emptiest
like I've ever been on chat sounds
we've known it just like ten people they
must be making a lot of this flight me
and Hillary have a row eight I was
supposed to sit here but I'm sorry that
you're here I think we can have a little
nap
it's a kid there are some clouds and the
sky
it appears like it's gonna snow but it's
not it's made in the great spires just
director of these are my boys when I'm a
student 37 supersonic
you see something guys we've been flying
over safe areas but we did something no
I
thank you
we have literally just stepped off the
plane and we've been picked up on the
runway wow this is arrival yeah thank
you thank you so much just yeah
well this has been a lot first for me
today the first time I visited a country
I've never heard of before
I've already been on the plane that
empty and the first time being treated
like royalty when I got off that plane
so this is a good start to the trip how
you feeling huh
oh good I'm just very tired yeah like
this is this is a signature drink
in the local area apparently and
lemongrass
okay I just casually got some
complimentary sushi while still waiting
in the arrivals area for our passports
to be checked
you know just casual here's our room
guys what it is lavish this is obviously
night time I've got a suspicion that in
the morning this is going to look quite
incredible that is the sea right there
after a tiring day of traveling
Hillary's crashed out I'm going to get
some sleep as well we've got a relaxing
few days hopefully we're going to get to
adventure into the island as well I
don't want to spend the whole time in
the resort here but I have looked at the
weather and as we were getting a cab
here from the airport the guy was like
oh yeah all the cruise ships have left
it's so windy outside and they were
breaking off their moorings and stuff
he's like it's like a hurricane wind and
then it looks like from Sunday was it's
going to be like tropical rain kind of
storms so I'm hoping we get some like
Beach relaxation time but yeah there's a
number of cool activities we're planning
as well and like I said yeah we want to
venture out and really experience some
of the culture on the island here not
just the another tourist resort so yeah
hopefully I'll be able to do that
but tomorrow we'll prepare children
right I'll catch in the morning peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
