good morning guys I'm in Freiburg and
Germany still I think this is my last
day here
I haven't booked any flights it
elsewhere yet but we have just driven
out of the town up to the edge of the
Black Forest and it is a beautiful day
so sunny I'm with my new friend at
Alaska and Melanie and Alaska's
housemate and yeah we thought we'd find
a cool spot to do some interviews and
this is a pretty cool spot so there's
that cinnamon some cows okay first thing
we need to do is find a cool spot to do
the interviews if you don't know and you
haven't been following the vlogs where
I'm currently a third of the way through
our flight around the world in our small
plane believe the plane is getting some
maintenance done in Austria right now so
I'm just taking a few days out traveling
around some neighboring countries and
finding some cool stories and some cool
things going on so yeah just about to
hear some cool stories from Alaska and
Melanie and yeah I think this is a good
spot I just hope it's not too kind of
backlit maybe we can figure something
out I'm learning about all these like
professional interview you kind of like
you know the correct ways of doing stuff
tripods and sitting up
look at her speak to her yeah perfect
okay okay okay nice perfect actually
I've went to that meeting the first time
and where are the refugees and all the
locals are and then I've met this this
guy and he was just so open-minded and I
was working in this project which is
like building tandems between the
refugees and locals and I was like okay
we have like now a chance a very good
chance to do something because I wasn't
new I was only like 1 months in Germany
is that looking nice I want to be like
my hair my dreadlocks and as as I I had
to go out of Syria because otherwise I
have to go to the military as I was like
almost finished with my university and
if you finished with the university you
have to go to the military you cannot
stay at home everyone even the
Palestinian refugees like me you have to
go to the military because you are
living in Syria do you don't have any
political rights but you have to go to
military I mean this is crazy I didn't
want to go because I knew what does it
mean
two choices you have to kill all you
have to be killed
I didn't I didn't want that just this
easy
I just want was searching everywhere Oh
a way that I can get out the plan the
plan was like 20 to 25 people inside
this boat because it's made originally
for 19 so it can fit 20 to 24 5 maximum
25 and very good but not more as we went
there I discovered that 55 people are
staying there standing waiting for
themself to get into this small boat I'm
talking about boat which is like 9 meter
9 meter long and 2 meter wide okay we
have been we've been up doing interviews
for 3 hours guys three solid hours guys
we just found this beautiful little
restaurant where we're gonna go and get
a lot snack and a coffee look at this
view this is just absolutely stunning
you know I love you bro
guten Appetit what's the yummy was yummy
lekha that's the same as setup that's
Afrikaans guys this is so tasty I forgot
the name of it already
you know what name of this regular
regular
yes it's the one look at these goats
down there hey guys this guy can do
parkour me that's it come on you got it
yeah it's trying to get to me
this lets me my friend
guys it's just getting a drone shot but
I knew I didn't have much battery life
in my phone but my phone is just died
now and the drones still in the air and
this hasn't hasn't happen for me to
avoid I don't know where it is do you
think it's coming home does it say it's
saying it must be super high cuz it's
saying it's only 700 meters but it's
still 387 meters high I cannot see
anything man here it
no is it there's a coming and I hear it
why are you happy I'm not understanding
why you're happy you're you're lusting
your drone and I can hear it good news
guys I managed to get the MAV it back it
it basically just started returning to
home and then we spotted it and then
once you can see it I didn't realize
this but you can just control it with
the remote even if your phone's not
plugged in so you just don't have like
visual reference but I just stopped the
return to home and then just like landed
it my hand chilled
so Melanie has kindly lent me her lovely
bicycle here and that's going to take me
on a little sightseeing cruise of the
city before a Sun completely sets and
then we're gonna go out and have have
like a nice dinner together in an hour
say oh yeah I waiver first cycling than
them
6sr public public drinking fountain I'm
pretty thirsty
I don't even have to get off the bike
this is Melanie's bike and this is this
is like a traditional Freiburg do this
where everyone just cycles around yet
this is the way to travel in Germany
yesterday I we walked down here and I
was just showing this bridge it's like
quite a cool view of that church at the
end there and apparently like climb up
into these arch arches and it's kind of
safe and legal apparently so we're gonna
head up and yeah chill you got this yeah
ah see this is like super stable are you
getting like what like near the top so
it's getting nervous fine sit here no no
let's get to the top no we always they
were halfway halfway come on take me
yeah yeah yeah yeah this is cool
yeah is easy you go this you're not
gonna want to come down now no it's very
high is it yeah
look at the Train
being Alaska just met these German girls
who watch my videos sometimes and we've
just been hanging out the bridge of them
boy your names yeah it is lovely you
should you should come visit I'm
actually amazed by like I haven't even
sorry but I haven't even heard of this
place before like two days ago and yeah
it's been really really cool here and
it's lovely to meet you babe high five
how great evening
we've just met back up with Melanie and
it's just this restaurant we're about to
go into just open safe it's fresh we got
some pretty delicious looking food they
knock this up for me
vegan dish whoa it's pretty I like the
little drizzle
you can tell they take pride over making
their food here and now you're just
gonna eat it I'm just gonna guys to get
back alaska's house we need to we've
just borrowed a bike and the tires are
completely flat and apparently in
Germany you can just get free air for
your tires like and they look very
saying it's not fun it's not for
bicycles where does it say not for
bicycles oh yeah no bicycles okay say
okay it's the same as England then you
know elegant I just don't don't pop it
guys we had a disaster with the bike we
had we have to drop it back and I ended
up taking the tram guys I have a plan I
have a plan for tomorrow I'm gonna be
leaving here early in the morning like I
don't know what time like a a.m. or
something getting a ride to Zurich and
then I'm heading to Athens a flight to
Athens and then from there catching a
10-hour boat to the island of Lesbos
where I'm going to be visiting a refugee
camp I think mainly Syrian refugees and
get to meet people there it was amazing
hearing a lot of Alaska's stories today
and just kind of experience he's had and
I think going to Greece and seeing kind
of what's going on next I think that's
probably one of the the biggest kind of
countries for the refugees that the
first place they're coming into
anyway it's gonna be pretty incredible
week I'm looking forward to it it's been
an amazing time here as well and just
after I sign out Mila Lascaux gonna film
his first video on his YouTube channel
which he's set up and you guys need to
head over to that video now I'll link at
the end of this video and basically in
the comments what we're gonna ask is any
questions you have to ask him as a
refugee anything anything you want to
know I think it would be fascinating so
then he's gonna set up a Q&A and he'll
do that when I've left like he'll do
that in the next couple of days and then
you guys can also give him ideas of what
kind of videos you love yeah would be
tough
so questions so I think he's I think I'm
ready to answer anything yeah he's ready
he's really nice he's not sure I asked
away not in this video though head over
to his video and then respond in his
comments subscribe to him I'm just new
and I'm gonna be coaching him and
helping him with his channel and stuff
also I'll link his Instagram below as
well we can go and follow him there and
yeah I'll catch you first thing in the
morning it's interesting because I would
love I would like to know what the
people are thinking about what what kind
of question then yeah he's interested
I'm like sweet I'll catch in the morning
guys peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
