and we're at the beach and watching a
beautiful sunset and actually right over
here you can actually see us we and so
have a really good day and enjoy
watching fun for Louie
bye good morning guys ice especially
after day I had a nice liar and I feel
rested after a full day traveling
yesterday I'm gonna go down and meet the
guys gonna get some lunch but I just
spotted this this hot tub in the cave
under the waterfalls that was China by
yesterday look at this I think it's in
there under those waterfalls that I need
to go and investigate that why I joined
in laptop Club but before I do actually
I've got some food to eat another burger
and fries I think I'm gonna be in burger
fries every day I finished lunch we are
now heading to find the hot tub I've
also met my friend Alex Alex
this is Jake's sister who does hanging
out at JP New Zealand and she lives in
Asheville okay
that's what she's saying that she's
playing down to say hi from that yeah
thanks thanks for coming over
it's two planes how are you doing Maya
yeah how are you doing in general like
the video yeah I'm starting to be in the
water
yeah it's like there is guys under that
waterfall we're gonna try and find our
way over there
definitely in my top three ever
experiences in a cave with we've landed
we may find sneak in here at night we're
not supposed a diva a diva my diva
so before plane lift starts there's a
bankers no doctors convention and
there's loads of people standing around
the suit so I feel a little bit out of
place I got dressed dried my hair and
we're now heading to find Nick and Ange
they've gone to an Italian place because
it's their breakfast they miss skipped
lunch but I skipped breakfast and had
like anyway our eating routine is out of
sync also the day is over by the
daylight is gone which is weird for me
it's only 6 p.m. and it's dark outside
but as I've just a spray but I've just
come from places where the Sun doesn't
set this early
yeah well we found the guys they'd will
hold on a main course that we all got
the same pass the dish that's done all
right
sinner is done we've decided to go back
to the hot tub again why not
thanks Phil 11 p.m. so I've got nothing
else to do
we're just easing into this hectic
weekend in the best way possible we've
also met up with Laura hey Laura how you
doing I don't even seen you since
Colorado is it nice and slow over there
right now
we have just had a relaxed evening
watching a movie and has been catching
up really good Nick and Anton Roya and
Elora and some of you that may be new to
the channel I just need you to know that
it's not all adventures and
action-packed non-stop my life sometimes
it's just very relaxed days like today
and catching up with friends but I'm
super happy to be here with everyone and
over the next couple of days more and
more people are arriving so it'll be
like a massive reunion all my youtube
friends I think tomorrow we're planning
to try and get into Universal Studios
which is nearby so I'm looking forward
to that and then things are just going
to get hectic so I'm gonna get some
sleep but yeah it's been a choke one
today and I'll catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
