hi janessa I'm Bo and we're at the
mendenhall glacier in Juneau Alaska and
you're watching fun for Louie enjoy good
morning guys Steve's just picked me up
yo and we are heading into London we
have a little meeting and we're gonna
get some breakfast first hopefully and
it's been a miserable day but I think
we're still going to have fun still
gonna have fun outdoors cause
so I just want to do anything else today
I've gotta eat because I'm just very
hungry and tired got no fluffy so it
stops in this place for new google
quarterly station what tickets it's a
Portuguese chicken wrap good okay behbeh
never that did you didn't like the time
sex
mind the gap please yeah look at these
little guys oh that's they're happy we
see looking at how happy these guys
already guys listen there's an office in
that double-decker bus he was just
chillin up there don't worry I am happy
we're coming to a little cafe in
Shoreditch and we're just chillin got
little bit left what's going on we're
having a lovely little meeting we're
having a business meeting man sighing
staff business time side of coffee we're
we're basically stolen having lunch
because me and Steve had that like
little little chicken wrap I know and
our friend Nick somewhere but it's all
good because venison she's got a little
Bois tasty burger tasty burger all right
Nick's got little cheeky sandwich right
Nick like that I'll are you happy come
on thank you okay well we just have to
go through me flowers it's cheeky little
cake yeah what might that would mean
everybody nice would show only we chose
what's go oh boy I've got golden Terry
have you got gone terribly I got a
golden ticket but I've better go on and
cherry the course code is very good no
take the gold home you may I think I'm
gonna cash that in get it weighed up you
know cherry cherries for cash after
hours of laptop club we're finally
leaving and what I quite like about this
place is the entrance it's through a
flower shop you walk into a flower shop
llort let's go through that door check
it out that's coming it it's like a
little hidden speakeasy star thing for
you sense d
my mother knows that live it is yeah
it's like a fluorescence you will get it
sounds great it's cool man top row of
the bus
look how many people there are Steve why
didn't we just get straight on this
train what to do we're waiting this
train bro why didn't we just come
straight here would you like yeah we get
drinking about seven minutes it's like
rush hour oh my god we're going to go to
end Carriger Gomez Gomez
all right I got some snacks there was
loads of yum yums reduced I love yum
yums they're so yummy on the way home we
have swung past Alexia's work and we are
going to pick up the dogs a lot you know
bae oh steve has a new dog called blue
and we're going to go meet him now I'm
really excited it's a little whip it
who's this guy hello bae hello hello and
who's this hello meet face to face me
bade you remember me hello blue nice to
meet you look at this little guy no
maybe no no hi so cute he's looking you
so cute it is not my face about that see
here babies tail wagging see let Steve
right select Dougie's hey hey where did
blue go Oh to let blue no no bye I've
been relaxing all evening and I've had
quite a bit eat tonight I'm super hungry
um that's talking to a banana but it's
been cool I've got a load of editing
done I have been checked and organizing
flights to different places I'm going
and just to gain my calendar and check
for that all the trips coming up and now
me and Darcy are watching better call
saw which is the following series after
breaking bad and it's pretty awesome and
one episode in and I've just downloaded
a couple of extra episode so we're just
going to chill for a few hours I think
before bed
guys I don't know what's wrong with me I
just can't stop beating dallas he thinks
it's the cold weather she's probably
right but I've got confession I have
been eating lots of sugary things I had
a massive craving for sugar today so I
bought like 16 yum yums which are
basically like eating tablespoons of
sugar but they're just so good don't
tell Nick and ang I'm just having I'm
just having an interesting day or sugar
I did actually go to bed a few hours ago
but I didn't home so I'm heading to bed
now tomorrow I am going on photo sheet
one of Hillary my sister's friends is a
photographer and he's offered to do some
portrait shots so we're heading into
London for the afternoon and also
apparently right near his studio is one
of the best coffee shops in London and
so we're going to test out as well I'm
bring Steve with me and don't know what
the other plans are i'll catch you guys
tomorrow peace out enjoy your life and
live the adventure
