hey guys my name is Jessie and I live at
the sometimes beautiful New Zealand and
you're watching fun for Louie good
morning guys I slept pretty well just
sounds like the hotel of the moment this
is the three news crew that come down
and this is a cool start to the morning
well I finished my little interview and
the news team have kindly offered to
drop me I'm just having a look at my hip
you camp event also you guys might
remember I drove one of these around
Australia last year
I know how it works let's roll
I'm gonna go meet JP for some lunch and
I've also got a friend called Christina
who I haven't actually met yet
but we met on Instagram she's got a
massive account he does incredible
illustrated drawings on Instagram and I
didn't even know she was from New
Zealand I've been following her for a
while and she messaged me said I want to
come meet you my sister's coming so
we're gonna have a fun day today with JP
and I think the plan is we are going to
take a plane out because JP's apply it
pilot and he's gonna fly it around above
Auckland which is gonna be insane but
first its food time well there's quite
bad traffic I mean dolphins but I'm
finally here and I'm just rolling down
for this cafe where we're gonna go food
we have got our lunch
I'm here with JP Rochelle and Christina
and I'm gonna tuck into this chicken
sandwich - looks amazing
Cheers
guys I have bought this little radio
translating things so I can play tunes
from my phone on the car radio so they
don't have a talks in treachery so today
was a little bit of a surprise to the
girls they didn't know exactly what was
happening and it's worked out
brilliantly there JP can take us out and
we're gonna take it in turns I think I'm
gonna join JP and the girls are gonna
take intense there's not enough seats on
the plane and then we're with another
pilot as well he's just going to be
overseeing it all
there's our planes was it going to
Cessna 182 you guys excited yeah it's
tiny in there I think we'll feel a lot
more turbulence from that then like a
commercial flight yeah
I think we're gonna have like headsets
and like little thing used to talk to
each other if anything does go wrong
I'll let you guys know okay
there's a certain procedure we follow in
the first thing will be to unlatch the
doors
main reason is that if the landing is a
bit of rough or whatever and the fuse
large twists we can still get the doors
open oh you mean if we're in the air and
something goes wrong anything we're
gonna have to make an emergency landing
you have to unlatch the doors yeah okay
so there the wind blew the wind will
prevent them from going all the way open
it's just a okay so other than that
Robert is the man in charge today
hey Robert
it's fine we can talk to each other
the Jaypee is flying there it's out to
have a look at is powered by a
now Rochelle is joining us for this next
flight
are you excited for a second flight I
enjoyed that a lot I was kind of
speechless flying that low to the ground
is being everything just constantly in
awe like looking around I'm very
impressed jp's flying
another epic flight watching the Sun so
Valken yeah so beautiful isn't it
police helicopter another amazing flight
so now at the landing again what did you
think of Jeffy's flying
did you enjoy your Steakhouse and bar
don't get some steaks oh you can just
leave your saddle here
if you ride here food has arrived
Michelle has to cook our own chicken
we've left the restaurant and we're not
just locked in but they've trained us in
that we are not getting out guys we are
totally trapped we're gonna have to stay
here tonight bye
alright back in the camper van and I
forgot to tell you guy said earlier his
name is Tom but do you not think that's
a strange way to abbreviate Thomas to
Tom I've never seen Tom rate like that
with an H in it if your name is Tom and
you spell it with an H let me know but
usually tom is T om I think I was just
about to head off and then looked in the
van and one of the girls had left their
handbag so thankfully I got a hold of
him and they're heading back to collect
it that would have been terrible they're
flying to Australia tomorrow and I'm
driving six hours north so I'd have
never been able to get it to them that's
fine
is that everything definitely well I'm
about to head off on a long drive all
the way up to the tip of the North
Island pretty much where we were a few
weeks ago when we were sand boarding I
don't think I've told you guys yet why I
stayed in New Zealand longer than the
rest of the team I've got a very good
friend of mine living out here with his
family I actually visited him a
beginning of last year was it beginning
last year my big night is probably
before that maybe it is 2013 in a farm
in Scotland he's my biggest inspiration
in life his name is Rob I mention him I
draw my life video yeah very
inspirational and anyway he's living in
New Zealand with his family so I'm gonna
go spend a few days with them and yeah
I'm really looking forward to it I
thought it was a six hour drive to go
see them but it Google's telling me it's
only four hours and twelve minutes so it
makes me happy I may need to get an
energy drink and I've steered clear of
any two drinks recently so
this is a little exception well guys I'm
making pretty good progress we started
down here this is our destination when
you're currently here I've got an hour
and 52 minutes remaining
I have arrived at my destination guys
that was a long drive but it was pretty
nice pretty peaceful not many cars on
the ride and yeah I'm already feeling
the change and pace as I'm starting to
relax a bit
from the chaos that has been the last
couple of weeks if you haven't yet you
guys need to check out Christina's
Instagram I'll link it below it is
phenomenal she's an amazing illustrator
and there was a privilege to meet her
today and her sister and yeah I'm gonna
get some sleep in this comfy hippy camp
of app and I'll catch you in the morning
for nice day I think we're near the
seaside and it's just gonna be chill
peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
