hi everybody this is Christina
vinaigrette from philippines and you're
watching fun for Louie peace out enjoy
life live the adventure boom good
morning guys I had a nice day off
yesterday and just hung out with my
family and my grandpa and uncles and it
was it was really awesome and now I'm
going out for some lunch my mom and
Grandpa maybe Darcy if she gets ready in
time Darcy come on we're leaving how you
doing Darcy oh how you holdin up mom
nothing good yeah let's go and see
grandpa we have come to a place called
post and Lacey which I was actually here
and think lost my eyes in the UK in
november and i think this was the last
time I saw my grandma was here we went
for lunch all right go cheeky little
sauce with a mesh come
chillin here with these guys finish
lunch and we're walking down to a
peaceful winter garden but it's not
something very peaceful
some heavy machinery and storing going
on
oh that little prick yeah I kind of like
it okay it's cool little port huh yeah
looking if your garden is one of my
grandpa's favorite places to be in the
winter this is no flowers this is
amazing smell I don't know that key
where the smells away from some of the
flowers or bushes make money it's lovely
what a day for today I think this bitch
is the one who smells in our system
yes it's not so amazing well glad it's
not raining because it was chocolate up
see you later grandpa we're back home
and before Steve comes over because
we're going to head up to London to see
Ben tonight and I've got a special
package I need to open I'm very excited
now here's my delivery quite so you
don't feel great yeah do you know what
it is I think I know I let you have no
idea oh maybe I do know what it is oh I
didn't know is that oh nice what's up
awesome what na 1 billion with you hey
that's also ma'am you know that's sick
check that out boom thanks guys thanks
for getting me a gold and play but are
we better hit the road
we've arrived London Waterloo and we are
under wet what we do is be we know
avenging
chill if it does it'll be enough yeah we
was chill somewhere okay we should hit
the thing is
they're home
we don't know then we will give will
drop been a little cake well this is how
you want an underground train in rush
hour wait a minute
we saw
we're heading to the city
no the coffee we hear banging the copies
today just walking along check out this
manhole covers citizen it is it clearly
the fact than the little scissors
husband and fabrics and stuff around him
any are like that it's cool where's Ben
we've lost best in this guy now from a
big orange building that's true hit all
right we're chillin doin laptop club
look who it is it's ben Brown Singh uses
cape town I think when you gave me a
lift to the airport yeah the snow in
Canada looks way better than the snow
mean Steve good is really good right I
want to go get that new T Bo we gotta go
we have to go no no you've been to
Australia yeah yeah I've been three
not for like tourism stuff just require
and what's the highlight over the last
couple of months since I saw you well
having RT the highlight I don't know
Canada is ridiculous dog sled dog
setting this like such a high life here
but just snowboarding in powder and
realizing that it's nobody's like my
thing I've got but can we go
snowboarding one day together let's do
that let's do that alright let's do a
bit more editing and then I think we're
gonna get some food again it some food
safe
all right I think this is a place
tie-ups we're going to go check it out
it's just a guy
smells great ah smells so good I wish
you guys can smell this oh yeah smells
delicious right this is apparently what
they're famous for is his lamb chops so
we're going to tuck in this is just our
star my chicken is your chicken in there
as well bro you'll tandoori chicken
mains have arrived this is curried
chicken asked for extra spicy obviously
they give me smooth
I'm super satisfied how did you boys
find the calorie delicious top notch
notch and now I think the plan is we are
going for a little Instagram mission a
little wonder around is freezing cold
but I've wrapped up nice and warm my
little headband pants and gloves scarf
this is certain this train is old well
as a pleasant little trip up to London
pretty chilled one nice hanging out with
Ben and steve-o feels good despite the
cold not going to complain I'm wrapped
up warm today says it's all been all
right I'm glad it wasn't chucking it
raining like it was at the beginning of
the day though
that wouldn't have been quite as
enjoyable all right Ben is off I feel I
been I'm not gonna see bro for another
like two humps why do we do this oh
honey just I let's skype let's go let's
go I have a good time where you going
anyway I don't know yay are they right
Steve drop me off CL aight bro bye
thanks you too right i am back and I've
been editing for quite a few hours I've
almost caught up with my vlogs they're
almost back on track and I'm going to
try and put out two tomorrow which will
get me finished with the snowboarding
and on my flight back home and then I
just got today's double owed I think
that's right so anyway sorry I got so
behind guys and it does get a bit
complicated especially when you watch my
snapchats and I've been posting some
stories as well yeah I'm backing my
stories I did one of the airport and I
also did 10 noise snowboarding so if
you're getting impatient waiting for
vlogs and probably get a faster update
if you if you're following in story cool
well yeah i think the week is going to
continue to be quite chilled i'm not
sure what i'm doing tomorrow Steve
saying we should go in them get a little
coffee and hang out some more and catch
up cuz although we went away for the
weekend we were just snowboarding and
running around and we didn't really um
you know we didn't really catch up
properly cool I will see in the morning
hopefully not too late and trying to get
my sleeping pattern back on track peace
out enjoy life and live the adventure
boom
