good morning guys we are in Hurghada
Airport and Egypt
and we are customs which is why I'm
filming a bit covertly basically we're
waiting for a flight plan to leave Egypt
and fly to the UAE to Abu Dhabi that we
need to fly in over guitar airspace and
they're not giving us permission to at
the moment or we need to like file for
permission and we haven't got it yet say
yeah we're just waiting it's not even
6:00 a.m. yet we've got to put half for
another chance yeah we might not be able
to fly out today hopefully we will
Joker's just said we're gonna be waiting
here at least an hour maybe two in a
worst-case scenario yeah we could be
held up and not be able to leave today
welcome farfel week outside Omega incite
the falafel of a college environment I
will follow the follow me concert but I
have cleared left on Alpha than Charlie
hope correction echo clear to cross all
three for right circle
I'll show three four left and town of
amateur on Jerry confront axiom vector
full vector for will be holding short
Turkish Arab roots from Victor for
deport fully rated report ready sir
before I really hope that's not our
plane smoking that much that is it stop
yeah it's just uh every time heading out
on i-25 5,000 feet circle
I do feel at 5,000 feet yes affirmative
sir
this is crazy you can't see anything
this absolute haze
it's funny how it's called the Red Sea
yeah
berry blue this is our new mascot guys
where's he living very big with the LAPD
PL fun I don't make it easy to live
there but you can why not
okay I don't need to see that photo okay
what's his name
I don't know we need a name guys we pay
for only one scrub this cap on here
weirdest looking camo ever is eyes
they've been supposed to sell the oil
man now my stress stress like dissipated
- those are really pretty boring
oh yeah
do you feel like the air is really
really dry up here yeah just drawing out
five eyes hurt everything like it feels
like Colorado which is hotter yeah sure
yeah my lips are just like oh the
moisture of my face is like yeah don't
know what break yourself go uh-huh
I think it's gonna be down if crinkles
and it waffles I go to clean up folks
good to you know we really didn't
prepare very well for this flight today
all right wait oh we've got the welcome
to talk a look here oh yeah oh yes here
our favorite I think especially because
they're vegan like Saudi Arabia oh
definitely a level of danger because
we're like I said yesterday we're within
reach of ground artillery like basic
artillery so guns I'm gonna have to be a
really powerful gun definitely like
handheld rocket launchers and stuff so I
just
are those are they those kind of things
if now there is that like a thing I
don't know see this is probably the
problem is I'm basing this on my Western
a current view on the Middle East but I
would think that they are the various
groups in it Bobby
alright yeah I don't I do it yeah yeah
so you just always anticipate all those
before you do that well now do it yeah
okay
promised to first make contact to begin
with this controls everybody q10 I can
Hotel them see what they're all again
was they were as a Connecticut in next
path over position
Alma's over position al-majalah
frequency one six three
how much longer we got at the play right
now nice
you see all the flames burning on the
wicks oh wow yeah that's the gas the
byproduct of drilling this spoke to you
tied it up ever
that's pretty cool yeah man that's what
helped it imagine imagine that though I
look forward to that day well thankfully
I'm chatting - chatting - San Diego
control these flames are super bright
especially the sort of front of us it
looks like a explosion almost what super
bright out the flames
yeah is that the massive name that's
like 100 feet high that's pretty crazy
just a wind check for never to answer
when the 0 to 0 degrees six
oK we've arrived in Abu Dhabi I'm gonna
get a taxi to do by now and then we're
gonna be in staying in my friend Steve
so we have finally arrived in Dubai
after quite a long taxi ride I'm not
gonna go into it but it was it was funny
now it's definitely a test in our
patience but we're here now with my
friend Steve who I'm sure you've seen
and the other vlogs who have done in
Dubai yeah and now he's taking us out to
an Indian restaurant and we're just
going to tuck in
we only in all day guys all Avitus
biscuits 1/2 packet peanuts I think
that's it and a bunch of waffles
oh yeah there's little chocolate waffle
things that then make hey guys in
Austria
thanks bro but yeah I'm ready for a full
meal back at Steve's house I'm ready to
sleep
edit another video tonight but that is
just not gonna happen
I am however going to try and just chill
tomorrow take the day off do a bit more
anything and you know hopefully we'll
plan something in the evening
JP hasn't really seen any of Dubai other
than just driving in it so I think he
should probably check out some of the
sites and do the classic kind of tourist
spots then I'll make for you the next
couple days as well we can meet some the
locals there's a whole spectrum of
wealth hearing device they'll be
interesting to chatter people from all
different backgrounds and yeah just to
kind of include some interviews from
here in the documentary also Steve who
is staying with he's had quite of
experience in interviewing people and
journalism stuff say I'm gonna really
pick his brain and kind of help he's
gonna help critique some of the stuff
I've been shooting so far and you know
we get some pointers this is kind of a
fun learning curve for me doing this
tripping and get thrown in the deep end
and learning how to to film more
traditionally and you know sell tripods
and sound gear and all that kind of
stuff it's it's been a very fun process
and I cannot wait to show you guys what
we ended up making and if you didn't
know we are actually pre selling the
documentary on the website fly beyond
borders if you've been following us I
keep posting the website because we've
got that live tracking map baby scroll
down a little bit from there and you can
pre-order we're doing science DVDs and
digital downloads or I think like USB
copies so if you already if you already
know you're gonna watch this maybe then
we would appreciate you pre-ordering it
and yeah it's gonna be it's gonna be a
few days and then oh yeah the other
thing this is hilarious on Tuesday night
our friend Josie so we've got JP and JC
he's the French dude that we met at the
GoPro Mallen Games in Colorado a few
months ago he's gonna fly in and help
with the filmmaking aspect and more of
the documentary stuff so he's going to
be like their dedicated camera man which
I know a few of you are asking like when
we're getting a camera man coming so
he's gonna be joining us for at least a
few weeks and helping shoot some stuff
which should be really cool for
capturing some different types of
content and stuff but in the meantime
we'll just yeah continue playing on and
making and just having this incredible
experience or say that Steve tonight is
just being amazing I'll catch you guys
in the morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia
