this is Kiko hi I'm Izzy and we're from
Savannah Georgia if you're watching fun
for Louie
enjoy oh good morning guys I just woken
up after having a lovely sleep of my
cousin's here in Christchurch got some
Weetabix and also amazing news the
couple that I hitchhiked with yesterday
have got hold of me and they are
dropping my laptop into Christchurch
today because they're returning their
rental car here and it's all worked out
so I have got my hopes up I'm pretty
sure it's all going to be fine and I'm
expecting them in like two hours and
then I can be reunited and get some
vlogs to you guys because they're really
late we can come and meet you now if you
like with the car at the airport in
about 30 minutes yeah so otherwise we
get in trouble we'll come today
yeah I've put my flight for like 24 so
we'll come and meet you now and collect
the laptop all right we are heading into
town and get some lunch and then others
gonna drop me at the airport where
Thomas and Emery away with my laptop
these are the chairs I've shown you guys
yesterday that have been placed here in
the remembrance of the victims from the
earthquake we've come to a cafe called
the c1 cafe for lunch and this is
awesome guys they've got these plastic
tubes all around the ceiling and they
drop your food down to you so we're just
about to order but I I cannot wait to
watch this the food flying around the
ceiling and these also the toilet it's
behind this bookcase wait one sec you
see this
okay hang on
it's like an automatic door and it when
it closes it just looks like a big
bookcase this is where it's going to
come out guys here it comes
here it comes
yeah this is this present is your eyes
oh it's yours
amazing
oh that's so cool Oh 56 look how cute
these burgers are guys they're like
bite-sized
this is
here comes mine oh hello hi this is Sam
he's the owner
he's just invited us to go check out the
rooftop and the view over question
amazing stairwell it's a police building
over there they're going to blow that
one up
Lincoln Heights rugs yeah the views
wrecking balls or different things and
Sam or vanilla
four or five hundred is a bit of
electricity and when are they they got
an estimated by how many years do you
think for its back to its former glory
in terms of like developments
you know like 20 years or yeah I mean
you're gonna be realists over there like
politicians want not once you babies
yeah they say five ten years a little
bit me but it's I don't know plaintiff
in women still say this guy's still say
you know the just kind of yeah
serious I don't know no really sounds
really the dry process yesterday guys
and that this is a cinema that was
totally destroyed during the earthquake
blur this is Sam's vegetable patch now
you go to this veg is it cafe if you
guys are ever in Christchurch you've got
to come to this place amazing food
amazing deck or and they're doing great
stuff see one cafe
I lightly silhouetted people have you
just drop me off at the airport still
later thanks to everything now I'm going
to need to find Thomas and Amory I think
they just over here I'm going to grab my
laptop of them and then my flight is
boarding in about five minutes
I think I'm time is quite well hopefully
hello good
Oh guys I am so sorry
- make sure I want a skateboard yeah Oh
how was your day yesterday good that's
good
you ready as man fantastic bye
that is crazy
so crazy
oh good thank you
also thank you
well I've arrived in Queenstown finally
a little bit harder to get here than I
first imagined when I set off initial
expedition down to the South Island I'm
here and I'm sitting in an airport
shuttle waiting to go to Pinewood lodge
which is where half the team are the
other opportunity we've already gotten
to built and sound so I'm going to try
it on the way over there tomorrow
hopefully well I've just arrived this is
our house for next couple of days it
looks like I'll be on the couch because
the bedrooms are all taken and also
fantastic news guys I have a new camera
so you won't have to put up with that
white blur in the middle of my screen
anymore let's open it up hello
switch gosh there we go oh look how nice
and clear that footage is guys nice
crisp clear camera ready to shoot the
beautiful views outside
well I finally uploaded a vlog that was
supposed to go out like two days ago so
thanks for bearing with me guys and this
week's been a bit crazy the internet
thankfully is super fast from a little
Wi-Fi box I'm just taking a little
stroll into town to get some dinner
because I am hungry and also the Sun is
kind of setting and I want to see the
views before it gets dark look at this
even from where I am
check these mountains out be incredible
I've just made a friend
this is Reagan he saw his penny boarding
pass and came and found me and he's told
me about this great place to eat burg
burger so I'm gonna come and check it
out it's very popular there's a massive
queue outside I think I'm going to go
for the mr. big stop tell me about
burger yeah yeah can i order a burger
yeah can I get the mr. big stuff
I've got my burger and my ginger beer
and this guy's have a little singsong on
the street
steady as the stars were so happy high
in the war
aren't you inside he's born fair we sing
just a mess
look at the size of this burger is
ridiculous
I finished my work burger and I just
taking a little stroll down the
waterfront this is actually a really
beautiful evening I'm trying out
Reagan's pennyboard
this is the penny sighs lazily ride the
netbook
all right I am back at the little house
we're staying in and I've been trying to
get a video edited but I need to sleep
I've got an early morning tomorrow I am
getting on a plane a tiny plane and
flying to the place called Milford Sound
which is apparently stunningly beautiful
and hopefully I'll be able to meet
Devlin the rest of the team there all
right see in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
