right now I'm inviting you to shop with
me and you're watching fun funny bye
it's 6:00 a.m. we've just arrived in
picton the South Island and we just had
to get off the ferry and I have no idea
literally no idea now I'm getting down
to Queens
I think number trying to hit Roy
how did you sleep okay
before I think about anything else
it's breakfast time so we finished
breakfast and this breakfast place has
kindly given me a bit of coal wood and a
pen to write Christchurch which is the
best based on kind of hitchhike - I'm
gonna let Nikki write it down because I
have terrible handwriting but this is a
good start I think unfortunately she's
not coming with me
she's staying in them picton but she's
gonna help me hopefully doing a really
good job
kind of this ghost is facing a little
but it's okay because we haven't bones
left so I think it's a good excuse
guys I have the package safe in my bag
and we're about to start hitchhiking
down and it's gonna see how friendly and
kind people are in picked up anybody the
batteries are pretty heavy for my bag so
we've discovered a way to transport them
easily roll up and take my pet bag for a
walk
Louise method of the hitch see if it
gets him a ride we have found our spot
and I'm gonna start the stopwatch and
see how long it takes to get picked up
guys somehow I just took my phone out I
put it to check the time and it and I
dropped it and it just shattered first
time I smashed my iPhone 6 screen that's
severe as well I can see the electronics
inside hopefully hopefully still works
this guy take me that was Tony about 20
minutes off now I in the right direction
so it's a good start I'm gonna get my
sign out again Oh literally two minutes
Louie hello I'm Maria I'm Louie
thank you so this is Thomas and Amory
and they've been giving me a lift
further down towards Christchurch and we
just stopped off for some pancakes
they've made some pancakes so we're
gonna have a second breakfast also thank
you thanks for the lift
look at this view guys
it's so cool that we just randomly stuff
for a break and there's a bunch of CEO
was just chilling there say Thomas and
Amory have dropped me off in their town
somewhere I don't know where we are and
I'm not gonna try and hit with my third
ride to Christchurch well guys the
package is still secure and we are
halfway to Christchurch guys check this
out there's way of watching flights why
you're watching flights only go and
watch Wales
I think I found the perfect spot it's
uphill so the cars aren't going too fast
and there's a lay-by pull over
I'm hoping this works well I haven't had
much luck here either guys and I'm
beginning to think of other options
because I'm exhausted
I only slept two hours and sorry
something some reason guys I have messed
up big-time
I'm so tired when I was in Thomas and a
Murray's car though I didn't get my
laptop out the back so I was showing him
a video I didn't put it back in my bag I
just checked
I literally just realized I don't know
where they've gone I'm gonna need to try
and contact them somehow this is a
disaster I cannot believe that happened
this truly has turned into point
adventure smashed my phone today
struggle to get a lift and the second
lift I did get left my laptop in their
car I'm guessing they'll try and contact
me they know what my youtube channel is
an Instagram and stuff that's probably
their only means of contacting me I've
got the number plate the car cuz I
looked on my vlog and I can hear in the
vlog them telling me that they are going
to be leaving from Christchurch tomorrow
so one plan is hope they check the
internet well hope they win my laptop
then hope they get on the internet track
me down and somehow we can meet you
either in Christchurch tomorrow
this does mean that my mission to get
the batteries to the guys has been
slightly delayed and might not wait to
get it to a tomorrow now I've got a
potential plan if I can find out which
rental company they used I could find
the rental company tell them the number
plate and their names and see the rental
company have contact information like a
phone number so I paused my vlog on
their number plate and I'm gonna now to
run Google that number plate and somehow
see if I can search who that car belongs
to what rental company and then go from
there fire found this website where you
might go to get vehicle facts by paying
in the plate so I let's check this
if this doesn't work I'm going to try
and find the police and see they can
track it down Oh
Oh em she's kind of cool
I'm making progress guys I feel like a
detective so I got through to a number
guy I answered and he confirmed that
this guy Thomas I couldn't member he
said his surname
Thomas somebody had rented the car and
he's gonna try and contact and they let
they've left an overseas number which is
a Dutch number so he's gonna try and get
a message through to them and explain
that their laptops been left and I've
left in my email a number to get back
hold of me so this might actually work I
might be able to get through to the
rental company according to the number
he gave me was easiest cars so well I
can't believe I've managed to get
through so I using well it's romantic as
the idea seemed I think I'm gonna give
up it was pretty cool have some awesome
conversations for those people but I am
gonna catch a bus to Christchurch and
I'm going to continue my investigation
there because I do know that Thomas and
Maria gonna be there tomorrow and I'm
just praying that they contact me so
this is my new mode of transport and
Christchurch to hitchhikes in a bus so
far
well guys I've arrived in Christchurch
and I'm waiting for my cousin to come
and pick me up but also unfortunately I
failed the mission that I set out to be
delivering the batteries to Devin in the
crew I won't go to hits Queenstown
tonight now because I'm having to hang
around and trying to figure out where my
laptop is so the evidence organised for
someone's come and pick the batteries up
from me so I'm just waiting for her and
she's kindly offered to drive all the
way out to Queenstown and continue the
mission and deliver the batteries for
the guys and film tomorrow and it
doesn't disturb the schedule of shooting
but I'm a failure basically mission
failed
and then hopefully I can make my way
over to join the guys tomorrow
but I feel kind of gutted she's gonna
take the battery she's gonna continue
the mission take them to Devon and the
crew thank you for doing this is so kind
of you
hello thank you so much for this bye
this is my cousin Abby she's come to
meet me thank you how long have you been
living here
yeah Abby has taken me on a little tour
of Christchurch and basically it was an
earthquake here for those who don't know
in 2011 and a lot of the buildings have
been ripped down all this like still
buildings that are like boarded up and
there's also this thing that's been
jailed called the cardboard Cathedral
which is was it like a thing for hope
yeah like a symbol of restoration
there is Kobol Cathedral
my chest and this is a memorial for the
people that were killed in the
earthquake
have been lucky emergency housing
provided we get insurance to pay for
we have had a relaxed evening we had
food together and then just chatted and
watched the sunset and it was good just
seeing my auntie and uncle and cousin
it's perfect timing actually and I was
even saying to them it weirdly worked
out well that I lost my laptop today cuz
it meant I've had to stay and to try and
track it down tomorrow which might sound
crazy to you guys but it's it's kind of
it's work it's men I've got spend more
time with my family here and I have been
because because my auntie and uncle are
visiting from the UK here Abby is giving
them her bedroom she's in the spare
bedroom and I had been given the garage
which thankfully has this amazing bed in
I think they're storing it but I'm gonna
get a really good night's sleep and I I
do need it I slept like two hours
uncomfortably on the ferry last night so
yeah it's been a very strange day and
I'm just hoping the laptop situation
sorts itself out tomorrow and and and I
can go meet up with the rest of the team
I may have missed out some of the
beautiful scenery in Queenstown but
we've got a few days down there so it'll
be fun right in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
