hi my name is Chris hi my name is Sandra
we are the highlands of Peru and you're
watching family well after a few hours
sleep we are up and mind is slowly
making our way to the airport we've
stopped by the the hotel again our hotel
in that's not a job and to meet Rhys
parents and we're going to swing past
Hemingway's house apparently I don't
know much about Hemingway other than he
was a great writer apparently we're
going to swing boss's house in the way
to the airport and for me oh just
another beautiful day
all right this is Hemingway's house is
it Museum now so this is Hemingway's
pedra it looks like his bedroom lots of
books yeah let's study through there a
bus blows head on the wall nice this
looks like his library and office here's
a swimming pool that has a nice big
swimming pool in it I wonder where his
hot tub was oh wow
Hemingway was minted because it's
awesome boat well that was short but
sweet that was their choice fascinating
to see a window into like something
that's like frozen in time you know like
those rooms were kept exactly as they
were when he was living here so I was
interesting but know much about him
still
I know that he killed himself in 1961
I'm sure he's a great guy
just finishing my coffee
I managed to edit another video once
with a chilling waiting for a flight
which is now boarding so then you get on
a flight to Cancun
and we're going to be chillin in Mexico
today once you get on that plane
right we've just got through security
and we've got a sign here and these guys
waiting for us and the Tourism Board
have hooked us up with some cool stuff
to do in Mexico you excited yeah yes yes
Mexico is it right we are in the car on
the way to our hotel we're going to eat
and oh just solid to some other Beach
that's right but this is hilarious guys
we didn't know when we landed what was
going on with we didn't know whether we
had anything good yeah we haven't had
internet to check but we were trying to
organize to see because I was at the
Troubles blogging Expo here if you
remember last year and did the scuba
dive in Mayan ruins and stuff so we were
trying to organize some connections we
know people in tourism boards stuff and
and it all worked out so we landed and
there was a sign and now we're here and
they've got all these cool stuff
organized I'll tell you about it later
where we write dryer yes then we can
tell ya
surprise tonight yeah I know the parent
is one of the best hotels and tanker
awesome it's amazing balconies look
awesome
check out this view this is insane
happens happens because there's such a
contrast and kiba queue is incredible
but this is this is this is cool this is
a nice light change this is a little bit
overwhelming guys was not expecting this
we're now heading for some foods because
I'm so hungry right we've got a little
late lunch before we head out I think
we're actually heading out for dinner
but you know we need a little snack how
awesome is this aura
I just am in heaven right now I know it
sucks
we're just having a little tour of the
spa
yeah 20 minutes that's 20 minutes in a
hot tub guys these are the various hot
tubs jacuzzis with these different
temperature I think I'm gonna get
straight in here I just got a message
guys from my mom saying that my grandma
is like in her final stages and may have
passed away
by the time I get the message kind of
taking me by surprise um okay so she's
like got a couple of days to live
maybe yeah but sometimes it goes on and
on
it's like absolutely stop people so just
it could be anytime yeah yeah
it just shocked me a little bit because
I was like the first message I opened
when I when I was like got like seven
days I thought I was the worst that can
happen in seven days with no internet
and I was just like open that message I
was like oh I was just a InTouch and now
I'm back like you can just measure me
whenever cool I'm in Mexico now okay
I've got internet now like I've got
Internet I'm flying to America tomorrow
and then in front of France and then
I'll be back okay okay lovely mum
probably sit can't wait to see stayed
strong and everything okay okay bye well
I am in shock but slowly relieved that
my grandma is still alive at the moment
my mum was saying she kind of is on her
deathbed realistically as soon as I can
get back which is when I was scheduled
to get back as Friday she said they'd
rush back but there's a high chance that
she may have passed away about it
I don't know there's lots more I could
say ah I chat some more later about it
but in the meantime there's nothing I
can do really so I'm going to head out
as planned and I guess just try and keep
my mind off it and enjoy to some level
being here
I guess enjoy enjoy as much as I can
give him a situation
right Ward's into the entrance of
Shushan Milko thing that's how you
pronounce it like women playing the
bottle all right
thus allows the violin
unlike an in the plan is nil we are
going out on a boat we've got 20 people
we're gonna have some food we're gonna
go for a little tour around the canals
and then apparently dancing wow yeah
these boats look awesome this is all
about are you coming for a buddy are you
coming for a buddy oh I'm I'm Louie
I'm originally from near London in
England and my Mexican Chou is
we just can't talk about the food and
see this food here thinking this rancor
these are little crickets let's go over
there babe I'm gonna ask you a favor
everybody told you the flavor of the
cake okay
Vivian or you know even for for taking
chic fish in someone you're gonna yell
over here we have just pulled up to this
boat and we're getting surf food it's
like a little worm drive drive by
restaurant on the boat all right check
out that we got some extra spice to live
it especially where's this it's not a
needle habanero pepper it'll be hot I
know this guy I have no idea
he has no idea yeah yeah that's good
that's good wait wait wait do you do
spice I got history
oh very brave that you liberate your
right
yes royal oh yeah uh-huh
this is a pinata this is the first I've
ever seen
another why electric shock machine that
like wiring myself
Rod's get it there now don't let go all
right so far
awesome awesome night how good is that
right insane guys that was just what I
needed to be in a very good mood ah
Saturn laughs I'm exhausted I think I
only got like three hours late last
night and I've got a gap in in like four
hours
all right going before I head to bed I
have fantastic news I don't have to get
up at 4:00 a.m. I now have the whole
rest of tomorrow in Cancun to relax
enjoy the spa Davila can earlier because
I've changed my flights I'm basically
going snowboard in France
Steve's going to be there it's only like
two days it's a little bit crazy but
anyway that's I was going to take like a
day and a half and do four different
flights to get there but now I've
changed it it's going to be two flights
I'm going to leave tomorrow evening and
I'm just so happy because I mean I'm
going to go I'm going to get to rest
properly and I'm going to get to catch
up with some editing or vlogs and get a
few of those uploaded and and you guys
we can start watching the Cuba vlogs and
I don't know I'm just I just feel good I
feel good and I'll catch you tomorrow
for some fun in Cancun and well we're
more more relaxation but definitely
might go jump in to see or something as
well alright catch you then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
