and yeah watching fun Halloween good
morning guys it's about twenty four
sixths and we had just left place we're
staying last night we're in the RV
we're heading to shoot video today a
natural rockslide like not going to
describe it the way to get this show you
but apparently is incredible I had a
nice rest yesterday and I actually
managed to get a little bit more sleep
than we have been last night and you
might also notice I've had a shave we've
arrived
we're strolling down check this place
out it's already looks amazing
alright Krish is sitting up the chopper
yeah how's it lookin lookin good we can
get absolutely love it these arms just
popped in and out for easy
transportation and getting them set up
and ready to go fly over some rock slide
stuff so just rephrase to me this is my
breakfast this morning
spicy pastrami so I'm doing the intro
for today's video I'm going to be
singing this raft and I'm going to be
coming down this river here and then
straight down the waterfall it should be
pretty interesting
these guys have all come to join us
you
I got so much hair at the bottom guys
that was unbelievable the body boards
are way better than the rubber dinghy
I can tell today is going to be an
incredible day just give me so much fun
how was it hot though I would talk about
an eel within this from a little
paranoid about
we've lost the GoPro it's pulling in the
water somewhere having a little search
so they found some glasses little
necklace thing a watch a ring and
earring but no GoPro so far guys look I
slipped over and hit my head
it's very dangerous it's like this is
the slippery mask that covers the whole
rock face and this is what it slipped
over on and hit my head
tons of people have a right to take part
in today and some of the guys have
bought a ramp people to come all the way
down the flow hit the round and then
hopefully we busting some ourselves um
so check this does is pretty scary
these guys are crazy that round danger
oh my gosh ah we've got a serious injury
here or $80,000 camera very slippery
rocks not good combo guys look at your
face no oh my gosh that's too big
have you broken it oh oh I was just
deciding whether to do it now this is
kind of made my mind up for me it's
pretty good
the first four times we're good good
time get a little bit you knows someone
told me that when you hit the ramp the
ramp hits back yeah that's true it
certainly does from the looks of it
how's out there yeah good good look good
like a boxer I'm walking back up to the
campervan got my dreads out trying to
drive in the Sun and I think it's time
for lunch I am loving this cam the band
guys this is the exact way I want to
travel you've got everything you need
you can sleep here if you need to go get
food this is probably actually a little
bit too luxury for why need but no
complaints here and I just came back and
look just casually got a whole fridge
for the food
that's better than like houses I've
lived in in the past things are winding
down got a few more shots to film Devon
this video I started the video by rowing
in the little rowboat so we're gonna do
a few more shots at me in the rowboat I
just blew this back up by mouth with no
pump because it had been deflated a
little bit and then I guess we're gonna
be rowing over there or maybe down there
don't know and that's a wrap what was
your money shot of the day Devon was the
best shot you thought for like every
shot of you Louie no I got some rad shot
saying Louie was the opening and to ask
the open he's like crucial so God during
golden hours Sun was rising Louie was
out of breath we just carried all our
equipment up but I honestly feel like
every shot was a money shot because
everyone was so
meeting here so just got a bunch of
really good stuff and got everybody
GoPro so the camera is always on
everybody which is really awesome as far
as showing the culture now on Maori
people out here as well this is kind of
their thing so I all the jumps they were
hitting we're mind blowing as well so it
was a good day this video is going to be
sick guys here stay two weeks from now
we've left the rock slide and we have
driven down the road to a place called
the champagne pool so we're trying to
find our way down there now think it's
down here I don't know how to get down
there maybe this way this doesn't look
like I can get down there Goa days been
so incredible because the things have
been doing in these places are just
natural places like they're just rivers
and amazing informed rocks and people
have probably been coming here for
centuries it's not a big tourist
attraction they're actually relatively
unknown until I've told the whole world
now and Devin but seriously come and
check this place out if you're ever in
New Zealand yeah mind blowing
so Clara's from Germany and she's been
helping us today with the video she's
been taking part and she's I've asked
them to tie my threads up like hair
dress
I was so worried watching you guys cross
through these I was like oh think about
what we do though is like having really
expensive stuff they can get ruin really
fast so to me like the adrenaline is
always going to rumors have it that this
circular pool here has no bottom
it's so deep that no one's ever reached
the bottom right these girls are off
thanks for helping
enjoy the rest your time in New Zealand
by Devin how many gigabytes of footage
did you shoot today just on one camera
512 gigs with everyone's cameras is
around one terabyte in one day in one
day a hard day's work we have the back
adapt so that's 2 terabytes oh boy we
blacked well we've got plenty 4
terabytes of hard drives so we brought
plenty that is a crazy amount of data
people a crazy amount of data we have a
five hour drive now to Rotorua but
before we do we're going to stop up for
some dinner a well-deserved dinner after
filming all day at the rock slide and we
found this Indian tandoori restaurant
which is very exciting
we've finished dinner and as you
remember earlier Jordan hit his nose
quite hard and we suspect it's broken so
before we head off to Rotorua we've
stopped in a hospital to see if he needs
to get an x-ray or stitches name how you
feeling
all right yeah I don't think I care I
don't really care about the fact that my
feet are shredded up from sandboarding
but faces are important especially for
YouTube yeah you don't to leave a big
scar on your nice high I think it might
have broken my nose what's that oh it
was actually a rant Oh Jordan has been
told we need to wait at least an hour
before he can get seen so I'm just
strolling over to tell the other guys a
situation and hopefully and get sorted
soon and we can head off because we've
got a big Drive that's right we're gonna
get zero sleep back at the hostel before
this is all been tomorrow morning I just
had the greatest Hospital experience of
my entire life
I think New Zealand might be the best
country in the entire world dr. tom was
really nice and put some blue in my nose
and then nurse Jim gave me a tetanus
shot and give me a foot bath yeah and
then mummified my feet oh my god and I
told her she told me not to get it wet
and I told her we needed to go rafting
tomorrow yeah so she said to screw it
you only live once
listen so you're all patched up and
ready to go I'm ready to go I got a
clean bill of health but it was quite
worried about my feet he said they look
really bad
oh yeah you have been in the Wars of a
new yeah okay let's go let's go we've
all been sleeping in the back of the RV
and we've finally arrived in Rotorua
it's 2:00 a.m. we're gonna head to our
rooms get some sleep before an early
morning tomorrow oh this trip is
non-stop I'm gonna sign out here guys
catch in the morning peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom
