hi my name is Faye I'm Danish but right
now I live in wonderful New Zealand and
you're watching fun for Louis enjoy if
another 5 a.m. start to the day today I
had two hours sleep and have this is
crazy
and this morning we're heading to
Hobbiton you know what's a sunrise here
we are Hobbiton and we've been greeted
by some sheep
how you feeling this morning Devin after
half an hour sleep I am living the dream
we are in the Shire yeah we cannot we
cannot complain the killer complain
movies realize and a couple years ago
some of them were the only ones here
like you get that opportunity by the way
these treats make everyone's to the
record yeah I showed them last year who
each leads we've been waived on
individually yeah let guys and close-up
you can see that some fast
yeah
species feel bugs in oh boy hello well
it's pretty fun I've got to do a little
walk and the drain was following me
filming as they walked down into Billy's
house oh this is so magical
it's amazing being here this early in
the morning last time it's just totally
empty and it's not open to the public
yet there's no tourists here it's just
this light it makes it even more magical
so peaceful guys the good thing about
being tall is that I can just step over
these hobbit-sized gates I think my
favorite holes are the really small ones
I remember from when I was last here the
guy told me there's different sizes so
this is like I think half size and then
up by the tree that's like a full size
hobbit hole and it helps with the
illusion of filming from different
angles and stuff but I don't think I'll
be doing any filming here anymore since
the Hobbit trilogy is finished if you
haven't visited hey guys you should
definitely come it's so cool guys this
is gonna be my house one day getting
inspiration we're hiding in the drain
today the Sun has come out we still go
an hour and a half before it's a public
so I think these guys are gonna get some
credible shots this is just solidified
my dream to build some over elves
when I get my land and I build with
three houses I put my plane on it Hobbit
house it's definitely gonna be a feature
I'm saying it last year but it's still
gonna happen explain what's happening do
a shot right fly underneath the bridge
and if this goes wrong how much
equipment is at stake thousand dollar
camera on there what $20,000 helicopter
set up roughly give or take so there's a
bit of pressure here our livelihood is
all on this and we're putting in Chris's
hands but I'm doing that because Chris
is one of the best there is no pressure
no pressure so he's gonna be flying
under this bridge here
this place is open to the public now for
affirming our last shot dead is just
about to
to walk out that hobbit hole
three
there he goes they were filming outside
of the drone the drone has been epic
today guys I can't wait for you to see
the shots and if you haven't caught one
yet - what's going on
Devon's filming all these videos to his
channel if you haven't seen his videos
then you're crazy because they're in the
same song link those below these aren't
gonna be out for a few weeks if not
months but until then there's plenty
other videos you can check up on that
take it all you're gonna put the Lord of
the Rings and Hobbit movies to shame the
weirdest thing about getting up this
early is it's only 9:40 and I feel like
I've lived part of my day
really
crazy I wouldn't even be awake at this
on the way so we finished all the
filming for Devin's videos and he's
doing with my purposes we're now heading
to get an early lunch I think and I'm
hoping to sit down for a little bit and
finish my edit to upload for you guys
it's been very difficult editing whilst
doing all this stuff and barely sleeping
oh I'm gonna do it don't worry I have
been editing my blog in the most
incredible place I've ever been editing
a vlog before I'm inside the Red Dragon
Inn in Hobbiton and we're about to sit
down for a lunch
this is our lunch hope by maybe some
other kind of pie
don't mind if I do thank you definitely
need to fear these we are about their
head up from Hobbiton but I just wanted
to show you guys this is Shane he's been
showing us around today if you remember
he was the same guy that showed me
around last year so it's a complete
coincidence well it's probably not
coincidence because he's though like
he's the guide for the media teams but
thanks again yeah thank you
we've been driving for about 45 minutes
I've managed to finish the Edit and
we've stopped off in the city called
Rotorua and we're trying to find a
camera shop because this camera is a
liquid broken it's full of sand and it's
yeah it needs replacing again after a
month I destroy cameras basically we
tried four different shops and none of
them had the juice of an X or there's
one s120 here but it's quite expensive
these guys have bought a GoPro spare
GoPro but I feel like we need to go back
to Auckland to get one or something we
have checked in a youth hostel
unfortunately didn't manage to get a
camera sorted although I'm trying to get
one online sent here and now I'm taking
no wonder it's nice things of taking a
bit of a slower pace this afternoon and
I'm gonna go and find some lunch going
that is a large plate of chicken I'm
gonna eat all that chicken right now I'm
ready for a nap
I am ready for a nap guys hilarious
I just woke up I was planning on
something in that but I slept for like
14 hours straight and now it's the next
day so sorry like you kind of miss the
evening so that I but I feel refreshed
and
ready for more adventures today is my
day off so I'll be back tomorrow but
this week is action-packed it's going to
be incredible and I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
