my name's Louie Cole I make daily videos
of my life from global adventures I'm
currently in the Mayan ruins Tulum and
this is been my year so far
what is adventure I'm into me leaving
the predictable routine pointing your
sail to the wind on a voyage to the
Unruh spending two days on this boat
plunging into the world beneath the
waves
creating the best stories and flooding
world memories a wonder last quest
discovering the hidden gems and
searching for magic is going on
Adventure is no longer taking a leap of
faith that just may be your life change
forever
not losing momentum not let your feet
touch
I finally arrived in Nairobi Kenya
learning about real joy have nothing not
being a tourist but no man an explorer
global citizen floating above the rest
of the world and holding ET of his
natural wonders the kind has got the man
stuck in the sounds coming take this now
what does adventure mean to me knowing
your blouse is half-full cherishing the
friendships we're up to Stonehenge
because it's the summer solstice morning
and taking every opportunity to
celebrate life finding belonging in a
wider community and family journeying
together encouraging each other and
marveling at the relics of once great
empires
now that we are knowing this is a
journey not a destination
this isn't about scaping life but about
not letting light stadium jumping and
feedback trekking to unspoiled Uncharted
lands off the beaten track facing fears
and embracing Mother Nature on
experiencing the full spectrum of life
the beating heart of our modern world
the city Russian race to attract new
paradise a mysterious ancient
civilizations and the things that lie
beneath the surface
visiting cities that straddle continents
and standing in the gateway city enjoy
these caves were made 1,400 years ago
and they were carved out of the solid
rock what does it venture mean to me let
your light shine to liberate those
around you being inspired by the
storytellers and people you share your
passions there you go the White House
being enriched by that which has shaped
our world seeing beauty from the
smallest creatures some of the Titans of
the natural world this tree right here
is the largest rater visiting enchants
of kingdoms and experiencing fascinating
cultures making unexpected friend
foodtube studio as we going Jaime
learning new skills teaching new skills
and holding place those who mean the
most cuz I think our soaring of the
clouds
venturing into the wilderness
learning the rhythms of life and riding
the waves from the depths of the ocean
to the mountains this is the chronicle
of my year but only one chapter a life
under the dentures now it's time to look
away from the screen and imagine how
will you live your adventure
