hi I'm Christine and they're from the
Philippines
you're watching fun for Louis enjoy good
morning guys it's a beautiful day in
Cape Town today we've got fun wave
activity plans and we've just come to
get some breakfast and coffee choosing
alum today guys we are catching a train
down to the simon's town
it's where there's like penguins
penguins sent in this weather in South
Africa we just started we buy a ticket
and the guys like there you could just
buy one down there or on the train or
whever very like very different to like
England and Germany so chillaxing
relaxin
my god it's so good we're gonna miss the
train
then I'm trying out her new GoPro
before we walk down to find the Penguins
we've stopped off a little refreshment
well guys we've been walking throughout
45 minutes we haven't reached the
Penguins yet but we're almost there and
I'm super excited I have no idea where
we are just like follow this little
Ridge walk down this little slope there
we're hoping this Lisa that we're hoping
please the beach
are you enjoying walking across the sea
we allow guys it's a penguin where's it
going come back bro come back
guys we found the Penguins but on this
little wooden walkway blown out and all
the Penguins are like nesting and
chillin out in the Sun and it's awesome
ah
penguin ha ha they do bite
Nicky bye
I just want to stroke your hair okay
he's so fast he's so fast not nothing
that's a good bite they're good
there but me ah no you cannot buy my
that's not good I'm filming right this
guy's crazy
yeah when me and nil I'm a writer I
wanted to steal the penguin but guys I
don't think it's very easy to steal a
penguin their fights are so hard
look how vicious the Penguins are they
bit straight through my finger guys next
time I come to try and catch the
Penguins and definitely bring a glove
with me I think I'll get one with gloves
on get one
all right we found a taxi driving past
it's going to take us to the train
station for so just walking for like 40
minutes and there's music oh yeah
probably
yeah
I probably need to get this disinfected
as well guys this is looking pretty bad
I've been messaging Ben and he's invited
me in LM out for some sushi later on
with him in the coal but that's not till
8:00 because we've got a massage at 7:00
so we haven't eaten lunch so this is
like a light lunch or a little snack
before we eat properly later but we have
actually ordered a full meal Thai green
curry
apparently I asked for mine extra spicy
again hopefully it's good enough is
yours good guy school day enough
shoelaces been coming undone for people
if any of you want to leave in the
comments instructions on how to tighten
the shoes properly then you could learn
from you guys right off to the massage
all right I've got my Christmas present
which is this voucher let's go and use
it
we've done with our massage that was
amazing how good is the Thai massage
that was very very good
my bad balls still there
I'm super chill now we found been in the
coal hiding in the corner uploading his
log more organizing me today where you
taking us then we go to a restaurant
called Willoughby's which I'm going into
once but it's probably the best sushi
I've ever had all's ridiculous oh I'm
ready for that I decided to have dessert
today guys
this is called mobile pudding parent is
traditionally South African and it's
amazing it's like sticky toffee pudding
wait the reaction
we're heading off after a lovely evening
thanks for the sushi recommendation and
hopefully we'll be having some adventure
seen massage
yeah we're telling them about the
methylase across the road sounds really
good booth the end of another great day
and I'm gonna get some sleep tomorrow I
think we're getting a tour one of the
townships and some of the great projects
going on there and we've booked in
another massage in the evening she's
going to be awesome
alright see in the morning peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
