hey this is Aaron Phoenix Arizona and
you're watching fun for Louie good
morning guys it is a beautiful day today
and it's boxing day and we're heading
out to have some more Christmas
celebrations with
lunchtime the puppy is helping with the
Thai massage
well we've had a lovely lunch and play
to the puppy all day and now we're
heading off to another function I think
some other of miss man just friends
I just arrived at Nick and Angie's other
friend's house and there's a bunch of
people here we're gonna chill here these
guys are playing bowls so I'm going to
join them playing some bowls and it's a
crazy cat down there you are a crazy
kitten
Oh
hit it
boom
yeah like just to point out this white
ball here I took a risk and I went for
the ball again knocks mine completely
out the way and Nick warm but really I
well yeah my count heads away and I can
it
we have had a very lazy afternoon with
Nick's friends basically everyone ended
up just going to sleep I slept in the
Sun for a little bit which was amazing
and there's a sleigh basically everyone
was leaving and we've now come back to
have an actual power nap like a little
siesta say I'm asleep like half an hour
and I think we're heading out again a
little rest mean and both had power naps
Nicholas playing GTA and now we're
heading off to the third location of the
day again some low don't know probably
he's got and it's got the biggest
Christmas tree in the world in it yeah
we can fit in we are getting a grand
tour of this amazing property this is
crazy you got a lake oh yeah
Vineyard yeah you're married here this
is pretty awesome wedding location pet
crocodile bad timing for the tour guys
sprinklers on oh this is going this is
telling yep we were avoiding the spring
listen I think we avoided them but
chilly
um I haven't been to many properties
where I legit think I could be lost
right now to the house who's just
barbecued on this barbecue over here
all right finished food we're going on a
tour this is the dungeon in here
as I'm actual wine cellar crazy yeah
this house is insane guys I've never
been in a house this big it's crazy
whoa that's an elephant tusks please
enough how much do you weigh
guys if this house can get any more nuts
I just found these towards settings out
these suits what we were saying was an
elephant tusks we've been informed is
actually a baby mammoth tusks Nick are
heading off to pick up nilam I told you
my friendly lamb it's arriving my friend
here lamb is arriving at the airport
tonight she's flown in from Berlin and
adjusting here I think we're going to
come back here later and watch a movie I
still want to go swimming in a swimming
pool that looks so good we found the
alarm hey how long is your flight over
here yeah
are you excited to be here Barry I'm
excited we're gonna have some fun
adventures so we didn't realize how late
it was
and didn't end up going back to the
house they've come back to Nick and
Angie's instead and new Lambs gone to
bed she had a long flight I'm gonna get
some sleep too and I'm looking forward
to an exciting week or so and that new
lungs arrived we're gonna have some
adventures and sadly Nick and Angie are
heading off for the week and I think
we're gonna see him Nick's getting in
some GT a time before he heads off
please enjoy life live the adventure
