good morning guys it's an interesting
day today I'm in Vienna in Austria and
we flew into I think the place will be
known nice that is like 45 minutes away
from here
last night and we are having to leave
the plane in Austria for at least a week
and getting some maintenance done on it
so it kind of feels like we're putting
the whole fly on pause I've left JP and
Matt and yeah I'm heading off to I guess
do some stuff for my you know on my own
this week JP needs to head off and do
some paperwork and stuff so we decided
to go our separate ways just to get more
stuff done I'm heading back to Germany
actually near where we were yesterday
it's a shame I couldn't stay there
yesterday but I needed to complete every
leg of the trip to countless flying
around the world anyway I'm heading back
there today and hopefully get to do some
core interviews and I may be traveling
to a few other places in Europe this
week just to yeah just to capture some
good content but it's kind of sad that
I'm not with JP
I think I'll get excited out the fly
again when we when we meet back up next
week well I managed to get myself a
cheeky little panini and a green juice
just about the board it was really
strange boarding a commercial flight
again after flying halfway across the
world in the tiny plane
we have to wait another ten minutes and
then we allowed to start the entrance
again for the actual departure sorry for
this Oh sometimes things don't work out
as planned but there we are good hope
it's worth it I kept going here the next
we've woken up super super early to to
come out and hang out with Dimond for
those of you don't know diamond is an
aircraft manufacturer in Austria and
they make some really freaking cool
airplanes and we were actually gonna fly
a da 62 around the world initially but
unfortunately diamond could not give us
a demo model for the amount of time that
we needed just because obviously they're
working in aircraft and they they need
to get them to a shows etc so that was
very disappointing at the time just
because I could not think of a better
airplane to do it in but we ended up
problem-solving and got the loot but
yeah nonetheless we thought we'd stop by
and come say hello to my friends I think
Louie would love this this is actually
insane the back first I'm sitting in the
back ends it's big they came out of leg
room this is better than economy
far better
I just landed in Zurich Switzerland this
isn't where I'm trying to go into it I'm
trying to go to Freiburg in Germany and
we actually just landed like super late
like maybe even an hour later tonight I
think this is betraying yeah all right
we have somewhere to work got a power
soccer there right just got hope of the
by taking the train now in the UK you
often get fined for riding trains
without it
so this girl meeting she's like yeah get
on the train
so try to quite tickets to where she is
and he said like 350 euros I was like I
don't think that's right
anyway I couldn't figure out the Machine
ran down jumped on the train anyway
folks it's the right one lucky it was
got the main station Zurich and now I'm
trying to find the next train of spacing
cash for catching three trains the
mission of getting back to where we were
literally it was just a little flight in
our plane and it's been it's been an
uber plane three trains to get back
wire second train ride done of in Basel
now and I'm about to be on the third
train of today and into the second
country so I flew from Austria to
Switzerland and Germany
I think thankfully I've got about 20
minutes to catch the train and I'm just
rendering my vlog for you guys which I
hope you built up later on to get to
Germany
okay we're on our way I'm gonna leave my
laptop here guys after 11 hours of
traveling to get here I finally met up
with tibia she invited me here to hang
out and - I guess learn a little bit
about yeah Germany Freiburg and tomorrow
we're going to get to meet some refugees
that live here from Syria right yep okay
and tonight there's a performance I
think are you singing okay so there's
like a little living room concert okay
awesome yeah priority for me right now
those trying to get some food barely
eaten all day
oh but I'm happy to be here thanks
yeah check this out guys
okay guys we've had an amazing evening
absolutely amazing
that your music is like incredible
honestly and then this is Alaska
I'm actually like I'm just going with
the flow here but he's invited me to
stay with him tonight I was mainly
tempted by the really good internet he
has he seems like a super interesting
guy we're gonna do like some interviews
tomorrow so I don't want to ask him too
much about his life and now cuz we'll
like learn about that tomorrow but yeah
to catch the tram we need to catch the
tram and he's gonna sing some Arabic for
us inspired let's catch this crab my
entire day is just the nose Bell travel
bro yeah I got I'll walk you you cycle
so like I said earlier one of the big
things that drew me to trekking all the
way back into Germany was that to be a
knows a bunch of refugees and people
running projects to the refugees here
and I'm just I'm so excited to talk to
Alaska because he was saying his
heritage is Palestinian but he is
actually a Syrian refugee and he knows
no
languages it's gonna be a really cool
day tomorrow Alaska just said he wanted
to try my bagon by it it's heavy isn't
it really like it's like yeah it's a try
what I'm living here perfect
you know this is it's quarter to 3:00 in
the morning so we are we are gonna get
to sleep soon but Alaska is just like
got a bunch of stuff that was bridge
we're gonna make up some little
late-night snacks also check out this
guy's this is a photography project with
you and 12 refugees between 16 okay last
year we cross borders kind of it kind of
matches the beyond borders thing we're
there exactly okay talk me through your
the food we're eating you have to work
for it you don't have to just no no you
can tell me what today yeah this is
special this is the special thing from
Palestine like this I I had to wait for
this like seven months because a friend
of mine went to Palestine from Germany
she's German and she brought it and she
told me I'll ask I just tell me what you
want it was like you know just bring
some data so Alaska is like as we walked
up the stairs come in he said yeah that
that bag of bread has been sitting there
for like five or six days I don't know
whose it is and then we got up here and
he started pulling out like the tomatoes
and different cool pastes and pickles
and he's like I don't have any bread but
I was like bro what about the bread
downstairs this went down no one's
claimed it so
five day old bread and it's actually
alright apparently Alaska's the hummus
master he's gonna teach me tomorrow
night that's tomorrow's video guys we're
gonna do a lot of interviews and do a
little city tour but then in the evening
he's gonna give me a like teach me how
to make proper hummus okay guys we're
talking in this is a this paste I've
never had before it's like cucumbers in
something I'm getting that begin the
other face today this is time sesame
seeds a bit so tell me what you feel in
like four seconds no right now wait take
it up featuring it my favorite yeah
mm-hmm it's so full of flavor
mm-hmm that is amazing that flavor
bursting the flavor up guys
that is after that oh yeah um well the
day has been an interesting day it's
been exhausting it's been frustrating
the amount of traveling it's taken to
get back here but it's ended I'm in a
different way just um yeah just I love
stuff like this just so random this is
what I'm all about this is my vibe and
this is my favorite way to travel and
meet people and share stories and we I
tried not to talk too much tonight with
Alaska off camera because yeah I mean
he's got some stories so I try not to
talk too much so we yeah we'll save them
all for tomorrow and for the documentary
and stuff but this is amazing
who'd have thought tonight I'm be hosted
by
a Syrian refugee living in Germany and
yes it's there not to like 3:30 in the
morning eating pickles in his room all
right I'm gonna get some sleep and yeah
it's gonna be very very cool day
tomorrow guys it's very cool day peace
out
enjoy life a little adventure
