hey YouTube my name's Rachel and I'm in
London and it's Christmas Eve
and you're watching the fun good morning
guys I've just woken up and I've been
dropped down at the dentists I'm gonna
get a little filling my top teeth
dentist work done I've got a little
filling in there injected my garment
around there so it's fitten um those
weird but yeah great didn't feel any
pain at all and doesn't good advice guys
it's a little advice I give you though
basically saying because of the amount
of energy drinks and sugary stuff even
fruit juice that I've been consuming in
bulk over the last you know my whole
life pretty much but over the last
decades the erosion of my teeth is that
equivalent of 50 year old and it's like
irrecoverable damage like a lot of
enamel damage and wear and there's not
much they can do other than kind of the
odd feeling that used today so my advice
to you guys is you should really watch
your sugar intake especially fizzy
sugary drinks
and now it's kind of a bore hearing this
kind of stuff but you should learn from
my mistakes because most of you are
quite a bit younger than me so there's a
wise word of the day we have come out to
some lunch
tie place down the road and we'll show
you guys this amazing I've never seen
this I don't know how knows it this
restaurant has golden cutlery that
golden color and also we asked for extra
extra spice in my green Thai curry I'm
hoping it's not too bad most ways to be
honest
I've just caught an uber down to a place
called the bungalow in camp's bay and
I'm gonna meet up with Casper and some
guys oh look there it is yeah sorry that
took so long that it's my guys check
this place out
it's just tons of beds just to chill out
on oh it's amazing
that's me said we got to come back here
on a sunny day we've had a lovely
afternoon these guys are heading off now
for a dinner thing I might come and see
tonight that's rowdy or make me super
morning yeah before I head back to
dinner I decided to come down and have a
little stroll here on the beach it comes
Bay because you remember last time I was
here
it was a sound store and we were getting
bombarded by sand and white speeds it's
very painful and I broke my camera but
it's very calm today so it's nice
guys I love smell of the sea so many
good memories to know your scent can jog
memories more vividly than the other
senses that is quite fascinating
as a beautiful drive back that Hoover's
just dropped me off in a grab some
dinner the uber driver was hilarious in
the car telling me about how he'd had
this car accident a few weeks ago I was
like all right
how did that happen he's like yes
high-speed cars and he's driving along I
fell asleep at the wheel hit a curb and
rolled his car and managed to escape
with minor injuries but I just thought
was hilarious that he was telling me
about his car accident whilst he's
driving me big team well guys we've had
a brilliant evening we've had food set
around chatting and now everyone's gone
home and it's done midnight is now
officially Christmas Eve which is quite
exciting and another quite exciting
thing which me and Nick want to share
with you guys and we shared a little bit
last week is the app that we're working
on the story and give us an update neck
so the apples will the App Store closes
from every year around the Christmas
period so it means that we had to like
really rush to get things in and in
rushing we managed to miss a few of the
stringent guidelines that they have they
set out these really like strict rules
that you have to follow and all these
things and we missed a couple min so
unfortunately you got rejected by the
App Store three times on three caned
because the plan was to have it live and
ready in public whatever so that's fun
we pick ourselves up from failure so
it's just meant that we have worked
super hard to try and fix those things
this week and we've actually like make a
whole lot of really good improvements to
the app as well which means we'll
hopefully submit it we go submit on
Monday
I think it's Monday Tuesday and so
hopefully sometime early early cross
fingers will it'll probably be sometime
next week
apgar's life cool and a lot of you have
been asking about it so that's why I
thought I'd update you now this seems a
little bit unfair to you guys but there
are some people currently using a beta
version just because we need to test
it's all working and it's been very
exciting it's just the to many of you
that would download it for me to like
let you all on it but don't worry like
Nick said it will be out very very soon
and you will be the first to know other
than these other people but like you'll
be the first to get the official app
hopefully relatively bug free but it's
really exciting and it's been it's been
so cool um getting all this done and
trying it out and we can't wait to show
you guys so what's your space guys a
massive bug there is lit is the
cockroach I knew it
that was just flying around guys
catching the glass yeah
I caught him guys he's in this glass I
put him outside
I'm gonna head now I am going to make a
little announcement um I've got a friend
coming to visit the day after Boxing Day
her name's Neelam you might remember her
from women if Stambaugh me and Steve
with Istanbul doing the Turkish Airlines
thing
she's a german youtuber and i guess you
wanted to come and show on south africa
for a week or so so I think she's
arriving on the 27th but that should be
a lot of fun and we're just making some
plans for what to do for New Year's and
we might go up to knives now visit
Casper and these mother stuff so um they
go his can be exciting
all right off the bed see in the morning
peace out
enjoy life live the adventure but
