finally reach the highest peak in
Victoria my name is Kyle Richmond and
you're watching fun for Louie enjoy good
morning guys
I've just woken up and I'm headed down
to find Nick and and Andrea to grab some
breakfast
the day of a miserable day today it's
like drizzling outside I'm not sure
whether we're gonna go to Universal
Studios I still need to figure out what
I'm joining these guys for laptop Club
yeah what is going on
are you guys there yeah what's that
about why I was screaming in the middle
of the night it must be jet lag that's
weird
I have just finished editing my blog I'm
gonna try not load it when we get to the
Apple store but that is where we're
heading the Apple store do I get my
phone face you know smash it's crazy and
I couldn't get it to it in in New
Zealand so they try and get soy but
how's everyone doing today good
like butterflies sick
I think the plan is we're going to take
my photos out the store see what they
sent out that screen and then was
affixing that I can upload my blog and
more importantly really good e and get a
coffee
well they have no slots and the Genius
Bar
pointment thing online so we're just
gonna wait to see if we get one but
she's saying we might not I'm just
uploading my vlog eight minutes
remaining
bad news guys there's 48 people waiting
to replace their iPhone screens so we
partnered today they've told us we have
to come back 10 a.m. tomorrow morning
hopefully we'll get so it is it it's
half an hour job and it's only gonna
cost 109 dollars so we're there a bread
we got some chicken dish thing and the
girls will got some vegetarian kind of
stuff falafel
yeah but mandingo microwave meals
they told us these were already prepared
I think they just boy him in these
dishes in them
nick is staying in the States for a
little bit so he's just getting a SIM
card sorted for his phone yeah yeah yeah
I need two good phone guys that's what
you need this is this could have been
your head and that's the helmet this is
a trial of their how strong that the
cases yeah
okay that's pretty much what I do with
my phone every day so for his juggling
well I didn't get the potato case but I
might get it tomorrow so you're gonna
need to come back to the phone fixed
anyway what God coughing cheers and
which isn't it we're just over raise
yourself up
well look who it is
yo yo man I did yeah bro I'm in America
you are in America it's time yeah I'm
loving it when together like what do we
get like off by the time I said did you
just find as well
yo man yeah where's your bro Oh who's
this guy over there can I have a selfie
with you
look who it is oli white how you know
nolle you just flown in yeah yeah little
rabble destroy these guys bags in our
room now we're gonna have some dinner at
some place Illinois school I'm a big old
steak
'banahna breathing bahamas bring on the
breeze you're doing a little back exit
sneaky right here we are looking forward
to play lethally army I'm really excited
I've never been before so you know
right it's going fun so much good
stories moment so you know this pool
parties everyday yeah in the massive
hall have you not been in the hot tub
under the water pools yet I'm only video
master right with Darcy she's asleep and
Louisa is that a drinks thing back at
the hotel we're gonna have a nice meal
now yes Church chicken
where you go over there only mistake
I've got no full I need a full you got a
salad man
because you seen in the beat of the eva
can I jump in yeah different I'm getting
in there so I just ran through the lobby
grocery shorts now I'm heading out now
all right this is definitely gonna be my
regular spot every night
I found everyone else but having a
room-service 22 in the morning night
night
well it's nice to see Ali and Jesse in
Gina and some of the others tonight and
I'm really looking forward to this
weekend it's gonna be awesome catch now
and everyone I'm gonna have to bed now
and I'll catch in the morning
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
