what's up guys I'm Pat from Sheffield in
England and you're watching from for
Louie and joy and I will well good
morning guys
I've got some sunglasses on again today
because my eyes are still feeling low
it's sensitive after my operation
yesterday I am now going back to the
surgeon to have a little checkup
short and sweet today so everything
looks like it's going very well you need
to put your drops in every two hours
today on Sunday
well the guy said my eyes can be better
it was a complete success and I still
need to take it quite chilled over the
next few days and I've got these special
eye drops I'm putting in just to like
help them heal some good guys it's okay
grabbing for breakfast got another nice
fry up there not is bananas good night
we'll get some work done having a
company's Cheers neck
luckily in faster yeah you think God's
Neela she's actually like your country
very well
I think it's a good luck what are you
doing what every two hours I have to add
these eye drops into my eyes and we
forgot to do it at breakfast so we're
just doing in the middle of the street
look at weirdos
stay off the crack kids oh my god
whoa I'm gonna pick up my netbook step
and also trying to turn up some more
data on my phone today with phone
companies isn't it net
South Africa basically need to sort out
their internet
well sort out my dates from my fame
above they come to pick up my camera
which I had repaired like two weeks ago
now so I know how to canon g7x s is a
backup one in place I broke this one
again I'm happy
so sorted I've also got a GoPro pulpitis
I enjoyed those scuba diving shots I'm
trying to track down a red filter so I
can get even more colors when our next
go scuba diving
hello dogs
hello dogs snow-white food we are
chilling at Nick's parents house and
I've just been outside with Ange having
laptop Club and I decided I try on my
old glasses just to see what it looks
like through them and it's so weird guys
they don't work like they make my vision
way worse so these glasses which were
correct my vision I mean I know this is
obvious but it's just so bizarre they
were correct my vision now I'm looking
far away everything's blurry ever got it
off perfect widget crazy I spend the
evening relaxing at Nick's parents house
and we've now come back to our house our
house my eyes are filling it with better
guys and had this moment earlier I just
walked outside and looked up and I saw
stars for the first time in like 10
years like crisp and clear without
glasses and it's amazing stuffy's don't
realise and then and then suddenly your
whole life changes oh yeah
and now I'm having a second dinner we
just warming up some curry his aunt went
for a curry with their family so she
brought me leftovers look at that all
right
this is good so it's time to get to bed
I better rest these eyes
apparently they heal best when I'm
sleeping so I may have to sleep quite a
bit more than usual over the next few
days which isn't going to do me any harm
it's probably going to do me like
initially and again guys and I've said
it a lot
over the last two days but this is mind
blowing if any of you considering
getting laser eye surgery even though I
haven't fully kind of recovered it's
deliberate irritated it is incredible so
life-changing incredible so yeah go for
it
boo that is a bit pricey but this
cheaper in South Africa the next England
and I'm glad I went ahead and did it
right um I think I'm going to take it
easy this weekend and and I've got some
plans unveiling some different things
going on which I can always tell you
guys about but yeah sweet peace out
enjoy life and did the adventure boom
