hello my name is Kelsey I'm from Jamaica
and you're watching fun Halloween enjoy
good morning guys
I've come into the camera repair shop to
collect my camera that I got sand in the
other day g7x and this is it here it
hasn't been assembled yet the guy just
said he's never seen as much sand in the
camera before told you what a mystic
sandstone that's crazy
have a little coffee whilst we wait for
the repairs Cheers
he's just checking the sensor housing on
his sandal
boy if it's the final bitching all right
guys bad news we cannot get the camera
fixed they're going to try again but in
the meantime because I I want to be
getting the best footage I can and we're
going to be leaving on the road for the
Monday I've had to get another g7x but
it's probably good to have a backup
anyway hopefully I'll end up with two
working cameras for all the adventures
there you go guys my new camera let's
see this one lost any longer
welcome to the biscuit mill let's go
find the girls so we're back in the old
biscuit mill which is where we came the
first out there
but it looks very different to me
there's a massive market going on
we need to buy this for your mother
well I got some chicken and beef curry
oh it's like incredible come with me and
you'll be in a world of pure imagine I
wish my hurry now we've got this little
chocolate toe and it's chopped
anything from the sweet chocolate comes
from this sometimes about inside it can
look like that so you can roast the
cocoa beans in a coffee bean roaster
yeah that's good this is a roasted cocoa
bean I'm going to give a little taste
guys is a massive box of molten
chocolate
Wow I'm so rich
I mean so I draw this this has got chili
in it
he's not impressed
and if you're not allowed to drink the
chocolate man guys this is okay this is
hot chocolate with chocolate ice cream
inside it's back in do it again
right we left the Chocolate Factory
that's quite fascinating tour I've never
seen the full process of how chocolates
made so now I know and again to taste
those cocoa beans well that was
incredible and then we were chance the
guy who runs the whole thing afterwards
and he was telling us where resources is
chocolate and cocoa beans and are the
ethics behind they're looking for
organic and fair trade stuff it was a
good company good company
okay guys we've got to the top of
Seconal hell I'm about to go paragliding
up here check this out this is a little
backpack I'm gonna turn on I'm cool and
then I sit in that deny this one is
happy are we switching else that should
work us way better yeah that's favor all
right how it's on I'm ready to put the
harnesses on and there's my big
parachute thing this is the guy am i
touching table six my GoPro
you
you
you
bonus landed that was such a fast flight
I did it last year and I reckon is about
15 minutes from the top over the city
and down to the shore but this was over
to Mike it felt like three minutes but
it was awesome such a rush that's crazy
from the top of there all the way down
to here back with the gang where we're
heading now friend you're gonna get
massage again a massage yes hey who's
this hitchhiker progeny we're gonna get
in in this moment okay
the girls are patiently waiting but you
know instagrams more important
so we've popped back to the house and
finally guys I can tell you about this
secret project I've been helping Nick
with and basically it's an app and you
may have picked up some hints from some
of my vlogs and also Nick snapchats but
the absolute story and I filmed some of
my paragliding earlier so I'll show you
some clips from this okay today guys
I've gone up to the top of Signal Hill
and I'm going to be paragliding down
so as you can tell it's pretty awesome
it's like a video app just for short
video clips much better than snapchat in
my opinion because it lasts you can keep
them on your profile and and their
landscape so you can watch them properly
and much much better quality so yeah
it's a little bit like kind of a cross
between Instagram snapchat a couple of
these apps have your own profile it's
not released yet
when's the release date Nick we are
something for to the App Store hopefully
on Wednesday and they will they could
take up to a week or two to review and
but hopefully if three or five days and
then it will be available and you guys
will be the first to know about it you
might even get sneaky like trial or like
just as soon as we release it you'll
know about it you can test it out a lot
of you ask me tips on vlogging how you
can start vlogging this for me it's like
the perfect thing because it's really
easy to do and even some of these shot
so I had like a little lens that you can
put on your iPhone or like I had a
little pole that extends they can get
cooler shots but I'm super excited about
it those those people are super excited
about it are you super excited yeah it's
been a long a long six-month journey to
put this app it has and I've had to keep
most of it a secret because it's it's a
scope you know there's nothing else like
it at the moment I can see on the app
store there's a few video phone apps but
I think this is the future guys and
you're going to be a part of it I just
jumped in an uber back into town
we put a massage she's a-gonna crazy
awesome
alright we're having a massage in the
same room
look at these ridiculous pajamas with
beginner handsome she's showing us how
to do it I would never work that out
what's up thank you cool go ahead and I
joke think that might be the best
massage I've ever had in my life
Nick how good of them right I'm so good
I had no idea you could do acrobatics
like that in perfect
who's literally pulling me into the
craziest positions like stretching my
back now twist my neck well we did miss
a sunset it's still pretty epic we've
met with the other lot now and also two
full moons nice the moon looks pretty
incredible I'm going to get a shot of
that
curry yes
curry tell me where are we where these
papers are long walkway which other
restaurants like mainly piston type
cuisine
really really good to grab your food
you're gonna eat upstairs awesome let's
do this
so is that enough to eat something to
show you guys this this whole meal
including two drinks was less than three
pounds
I think I'm going to move to that we
have driven up Table Mountain to get
some incredible views over tea just
looking epic with the beach
all right these lads are off we're gonna
begin ahead home
well that was another incredible day
guys Chocolate Factory paragliding
massage and curry what more do you want
in a day not much more than that and
I've got a lot planned for tomorrow as
well
so see you then peace out enjoy life and
did the adventure
