we are fearful cardiod but dog West Java
you're watching one for Louie who good
morning guys I think I've got two days
left with these guys in their team and
we're heading to I think potentially do
a jet boat thing today and I'm gonna go
down and grab some breakfast before we
head off because these guys don't need
breakfast and I need to eat breakfast
now I got in the routine say no go and
try and find a fry up somewhere I've got
my trusty skateboard yes I found exactly
what I was looking for
why get in me I've got to hurry back now
and meet the guys we're about to leave
all right I got back in time to meet the
team about the head off well after a
very narrow windy road on the side of a
cliff to get here we're in this Creek
called Deep Creek and we're about to
head off on some very very fast floats
so we've been given our life jackets
we're gonna get those on now and I think
Devin and Dakota are going to be
following on a boat and we're gonna be
with all these other people in the main
boat it's pretty fast it's gonna be
pretty fun yesterday Dakota had a little
fall down the hill when he's walking
down how's your ankle feeling you think
you've broken it yeah we're gonna have
to go to the hospital later and check
out his leg maybe not with x-ray but
he's uh he's man enough and he's still
filming today with a potentially broken
leg you excited about today she never
over here and I mean right here and that
was kind of our team for this year so
it's a lot smaller than normal and
there's nothing I believe in you
lately Devin's gonna get some shots from
the shore
I beach the bite on that set we have to
push you up the bank
how's that looking from the shoulder
that's amazing the serious phenomenon
how's everyone finding it good so
definitely other guys have stopped down
the river and they've got a good spot
where we're gonna race past in this way
so this little spot in the river was
featured in the first Lord of the Rings
it was the scene where the Black Riders
got washed down the river just over
there
it's pretty cool
I have jumped out the boat for a minute
and I'm gonna film some stuff in the
shore
these guys have got smaller dry in which
they're gonna use here for some shots
with the senior scenery in the
background and then the boat shooting
part look at this high-tech controller
with an iPad
I do
would you go fried so trying to get like
the closest job possible so I stick it
down there
we're going say we fast and as we're
going this goes into the water and then
a pop style with it hanging out like yes
okay pretty hair rock we're so shallow
that's what the demos are known for oh
that is a wrap with filming and now
we're headed back on the bus this rock
here guys is the gates of Mordor from
Lord of the Rings
guys it's the largest started going up
what's this alarm what's this alarm
maybe seriously is that like a is there
natural disaster thing it's a fire
station is that the fire station that's
an that is an air-raid siren all right
panic over it was just a siren to tell
the firefighters to come to work that's
the exact same as an air-raid siren from
the Second World War
I've spent the afternoon editing my vlog
from Milford Sound so I'm catching up
with with the editing and Devin has just
got back from another shoot with Kelly
it's gonna show some footage you shot
with the drone well sneak preview for
y'all
yeah so there's two awesome shots that
I'll say the best for last
but this shots like insanely hard
because we're flying through lots of
trees
my gosh so it turns out all the
restaurants in Queenstown are clothed
but the Indian restaurant we found would
serve us takeout food we've found a
little picnic table we've got takeout
food we're gonna try it here we had a
lovely evening
it was our last evening together
unfortunately this last two weeks is
flying by and we were just reminiscing
oh you missed some of the great times
we've had and maybe planning some future
things and tricks we go in this year I'd
love to tag along with Devin and the
team a bit more maybe I'll get to
actually film some of the future stuff
it's a little bit scary getting up over
those big cameras but I think I've
learned a lot over the last two weeks so
tomorrow we're going to spend some time
together before fly back to Auckland I
think we're gonna go on the luge a
little downhill like go-kart things in
the morning about 9:00 apparently we're
going to go so I'll see that peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
