hi I'm Sara Rahn mounts are all in South
Korea and you're watching fun for Louie
good morning guys just woken up and
we're about to get on a helicopter and
we're having a helicopter ride today
film a mountain biker he's gonna be
dressed up as a hobbit apparently and
he's gonna be busting out some tricks
and riding a track we're gonna be
hovering above him this is gonna be the
second Dom I've ever ridden in a
helicopter sound pretty excited he's the
boy cast and you can change this yeah
it's tough love the Cape okay looks good
so I think the idea is we're gonna be
filming at some of the locations the
Lord of the Rings just filmed up some of
the mountains and a lot the scenery is
gonna be the same so it should be a
pretty epic shoot it's just getting to
harness that's it doesn't fall out the
helicopter when it's filming this is the
most confusing harness ever third
attempt third attempt to get it on got
the bike attached and the mountain bike
is names Kelly have you have you ever
bikes dressed as a hobbit before this is
the first time I've ever black dressed
as a hobbit well you look good you look
good
you're excited
we've got our radio and these guys are
about to take off
Vijay no staying here we're gonna hide
they're dropping Kelly in his bike
the register
we'll come to the next filming location
being dead I have to jump out the
helicopter again because it is a large
small space to live the bill and I think
Kelly's gonna do is jump what it's out
invite
it's much warmer down here guys we were
freezing at the top of the mountain how
close was that I know I've been used to
this really warm weather and today's a
bit chillier
over his handlebars no crazy jump guys
look at that cake he'll own in the wind
we're now walking back up to the top
this little hell to watch Kelly do the
jump again
you
they're gonna come down a jump-off this
method here indefinitely in a capturing
slow-mo
well that's a wrap for this location and
we're heading over to this mountain over
here we're gonna get some shots with
these guys in the background
that was the most intense sensation
having a helicopter hovering just above
you
we have just landed guys and that was
just so epic we got to see a lot of the
locations they film the scenic shots the
Lord of the Rings and we got to see
Kelly the mountain biker showing off his
stuff dropped off from a few locations
that get some close-ups we're filming a
little bit more this afternoon but not
from the air so we're gonna go get some
lunch now general you're gonna take us
for lunch we have found a Mexican
restaurant guys these are the standards
hot sauces I tried this key we have an
error one it's pretty hot but she says
she had even hotter one so she's just
brought these three out this one is it
says on the thing the world's hottest
pepper from India okay I don't know how
he can get one name is the world's
hottest this says two million Scoville
units is the world's hottest scorpion
pepper sauce and then she said this one
I shouldn't have it's called beyond
insanity
I mean how bad can that be if I come
back she told him to take a toothpick
and get a small little thing cuz no one
else recently he's been able to take it
and he got a hole finger I'm hoping if I
eat food I've never seen a girl man cry
until today I did it guys
I conquered the chili sauce delicious
loves we're about to get back in the van
and go meet Kelly the mountain biker
again I'm gonna go film some more jumps
and stuff but whilst we're having lunch
we were just chatting about him and I
didn't realize this morning he's
literally like one of the world's best
mountain bikers you may have seen a
video of a guy going down this run and
then doing this back somersault
over this Canyon it's at 23 million
views but that was Kelly doing that
trick so I'll link that video below in
the description anyway you can check out
how insane is some meat yeah we gave
these watch your video the one you did
only 23 million years but I think in
GoPros like ways where the stores are
selling GoPros they've got scream
Kelly's just told us he's going to try
and do the flip with the Hobbit cape on
are you excited about this new location
Devon is finding the best angles to film
from so get the absolute best shot
that's very crazy somersaults and now he
cannot do in no-handed jump these cool
wooden ramp give me a lot of ideas my
Ewok village
perfect oh whoa good a hat
that's in the drawing of the right yes
how's your day been
what you been cheating I shot some rope
swing stuff pretty rope swings shots at
the longest bungee jump in the world
with like 25 mile an hour winds
to jump on the swing myself yeah
you help me short seven yeah looking
epic an amazing Christmas dream has
always been to film pro world's best
with all my it's on my hell you bucket
list to film the tennis stuff I'm doing
it with the best writer in the world
today it's been a long day guys but I
think we've got some good footage I
think that's a wrap I think we finished
film it might be too windy to do this
last job
we've stopped up in town to get some
food stop developer burger again looking
forward to this so I've worked up an
appetite even though I haven't really
been doing anything I've just been
watching these guys working but I still
worked up an appetite you guys hungry
you just don't eat ever how you survived
all our food we're gonna go meet the
others yeah we've just finished eating
and Devin is reviewing some of the
footage he shot today and it's epic guys
you gotta see some of this this is from
the helicopter earlier this is any
better Taylor like ask me that looks ah
so well I'm going to bet guys and it's
been an incredible day and a privilege
towards Kelly riding earlier and if you
haven't checked him out I'll link it
stuff below you can go see is amazing
writing skills and tomorrow we are going
on a jet buddy I think that should be
pretty crazy see you then peace out
enjoy your life and live the adventure
