hi guys my name is Mike originally I'm
from Russia I live in the UK right now
mine I'm in Canada and you're watching
fun for Louie
enjoy good morning guys we've had a
slightly later start today it's got like
seven or smegma she's still ridiculously
early we have come down to osorb place
which is or being is like you get inside
these big clear flavor balls and you
roll down the hill so that's literally
what I'm about to do we're jumping in
this car we're hitting up there and we
are about to start
oh I can hardly walk still home
yesterday all right we got some people
come to help us today don't introduce
yourselves okay I'm Isis reg I'm Devin
now this is different you're gonna help
us with the filming ok there are 32
so I've never been solving before but
it's my go take a GoPro down and
basically what they do is if you didn't
see they fill it up with water
so you're sloshing around in the middle
what's hurtling down the hill
that was amazing guys hold it around
back up the hill
I had no sense of up and down like
directionally you're just spinning you
have no idea what's going on so much fun
they're all so amazing these there's
Jacuzzi at the bottom by the like main
Center just a jacuzzi
but yeah you're cold just jump excuse me
so I'm gonna jump from that soon
first of all handsome chopper shots
we've got a bunch more people come to
help hey guys till then I'm talking guys
all the time doesn't skim them to
download and just so I know who's
willing to get right over like I just
did stand over here just so I know who
you are
yes this girl is willing to get run over
by the dog
I'm strolling down the hill I'm gonna
get some shots from the bottom basically
the start of the day they want people
running from the ball as the balls
rolling down
so we'll cut the cheese will get
squashed already I'm definitely gonna
have a go at that it looks really
painful but it's not
get loaded up for good shot oh hey
they're doing Indian downs in real life
we're trying to spice up what people
knows orbs ads and make it interesting
and hopefully get a viral video out of
it this isn't this isn't standard urban
guys we're taking it to the extreme
yeah I feel broken the left shoulder
so the d-pad okay just lay there for a
second um
EMP Oh what are you gotten to the empty
or did he leave
I might be right let me just see no no
you don't call please there's a guy here
that cheer to help write it make sure
they don't copy do so then we're gonna
have major issues I think we might be
right you might have sprained or
something yeah
the muscles are like shaking yeah I
don't think it's dislocated I think I
just stretched it cuz it when I went
down and I like my whole body like this
like strict okay tube
yeah I think you just sprained I think
I'm alright alright you get the shot Oh
things done I don't know what happened
to the GoPro guys I got slammed so hard
I was not expecting it to be that hard
three big guys and I thought for a
second I dislocated my shoulder but it's
all good I am covered in grazes though
but it's worth it hopefully that I got a
good shot in the GoPro how was it coming
down there so it was like those ebbs
right on here feels pretty over ah shows
that great familiar or do you not
Superman across Troy grass people touch
then I was going to help me recover for
my injuries 20 pizzas that's what's
going to help me recover I think today
can be a cheat day for healthy all right
I've resisted longest possible guys but
it's time to get in the jacuzzi con I
can't stop within a bit it's calling my
name
together way works here thinking crazy
being in the Sun and having in this hot
but that's how I like it
I've just been resting up in the RV -
order a new camera which is collecting
tomorrow and I've been resting hot tub
chillin just because I don't overdo it
my shoulder and stuff we've got a lot of
activities coming this week but it is a
wrap filming so everyone's getting all
their photos we just did a big group
photo by the balls and yeah I think
everyone's heading home I am very happy
with what we got there we did a lot of
things that you normally can't do out
here in this location but everyone's
been just so nice and seeing our family
now and work together and everyone took
a pretty good pounding but everyone was
fun and happy and stoked about it so
yeah I loved it yeah you should try it
all push them up the hill
everyone right before we leave we
decided to push this guy up the hill
Hey
right we can't let it roll down without
putting some water in first otherwise
he'll just be stuck to the side nobody
likes cartwheeling down there putting
some water in there and then I think
we're we're running try to spite my
shoulder injury I'm gonna run from the
ball again I don't think I'm gonna get
hit on there three two one
you
this is the last all of the day ha ho
he'll get some cool shots of this woman
oh it's gonna be here oh you know me you
want a dress again yeah yeah we thought
this is all over hours ago
I'll bet you you're happy this is the
last ball happy to go home it's been a
long day yeah
you
so now is the actual end of the day just
by announcing that earlier now is the
accident oh thank you guys - Evan have
fun he's getting in the van ready for
three-hour drive where we're heading
next Evan I don't know I score they tell
me gravity can you tomorrow morning
where we headed
gravity Canyon where is that that's Thai
happy how happy do it alright before we
fully hit the road gonna get some fat
food nice I'm gonna get a green Thai
curry and this is the hottest curry you
can make yep the hook that all the
chilies but no Anderson just the footage
yeah I know I don't avert it
thank you so much happy indeed only
teacup cool that was fantastic guys
perfectly spicy bullshit check out this
cool vest got given today pretty didn't
it
Oh laptop club on the move giving back
and up his footage because he's telling
me a horror story about how he lost his
footage once oh he's back of your fridge
guys and girls yeah I need to learn from
you below yeah
so I fell asleep my body's gone into
recovery mais um just like heal up
because I feel like totally battered and
bruised all over
we drive like three hours I have no idea
and other sleeps we've arrived at where
we're staying tonight
um and I think I'm going to go in try
and edit my vlog for tomorrow morning
and and then get some sleep for an early
start I think we've got like a 7:00 a.m.
start and yeah we're doing a massive zip
line across the canyon we pretty epic
cool I've seen the money piece out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom
