good morning guys
I am up early today and I'm heading into
London to see my friend ever and also to
collect my wallet
I left a nightclub the other night so be
able to have some money again borrowing
money of the Shoreditch and the venue I
was out on Friday and I'm gonna go and
see if they've got my wallet
hopefully it's mine well I got my wallet
I'm so happy what am I like this week
this month has been terrible I need to
forget I did sleep for like 11 hours of
night so I'm hoping I'm refreshed and on
the ball today my friend and how are you
doing jack hello right we just got a
lunch
I got a club sandwich this is called a
Reuben sandwich and I'm just showing
Emma my year round that video for this
year which I haven't shown you guys yet
but it's coming it's gonna come in like
two weeks
so I finished my coffee with Emma and I
walked her to see her friend and as we
were waiting Emma Watson walked past
okay Emma Watson walked straight past me
got a contact for a couple of seconds
and I guys I can kind of relate to what
it's like being a bad girl I was like oh
my gosh that's Emma what's it what do I
do
so I say hello is that very weird so so
I didn't say anything
then she just walked out of my life
never because they're like so I'm not
comparing myself Emma Watson but if you
do ever see me on the street come and
say hello come on chat it's slightly
different I guess she's like a global
incredible superstar but I I wanted to
say to her that she is doing
inspirational stuff and to keep going by
didn't I didn't say it but that was kind
of cool see her briefly I'm now walking
to find my friend - Hannah you met the
other night she's doing a little band
rehearsal we're back so we go check them
out
panas bands called the misters now
deliver a solution
kind of show me this cool little cafe in
the recording studio oh yeah these are
the artists that record her recorded
this is a fun little pendant I enjoyed
your rehearsal Hannah it's good yeah it
was good no it's it tell my viewers
where they can find your music like your
site and music we've got a little
website set up the mispers calm yeah
find it there or you can find it on
those confronted doing wait wait
introduce yourself so we're you guys who
are you guys Diego I'm a child prodigies
yeah guys loving it loving it I can't
wait when I got back in the UK I'll have
to come some of your gigs guys I'll link
below I'll link their stuff below their
site and stuff so you can keep up to
date with their stuff if you enjoyed the
little what little taste or I gave you
sick
alright I'm now walking over to Jamie
Oliver's offices because I need to drop
some video clips off when we were
filming the other week they want to like
integrate them I think into their final
thing they do should be fun and I've
asked if I can just chill with my laptop
and do some editing because I need to do
that somewhere so I'm just gonna chill
in that office with them for a little
bit
Hey hi it's Louie I think I need to help
myself to an lemon and ginger tea for my
throat my very fat but money start like
my blog super lightening fast just have
my lemon and ginger tea and Jamie shown
up all right Jamie hey then here what's
this war we did it because we're cutting
edge in the world of digital technology
we on drinks tube which is the sister of
foodtube Ricky cocktails and smoothies
and drinks let's what we're doing the
coffee stuff before the other eggs yeah
and we made slow Gin even if you've of
mayonnaise we're learning it like slows
or damsons or plums and you steeper
engine you leave it for a bunch of time
and then it's we eat delicious there
should be Christmas awesome anyway so
you're brewing some in your cupboards
yeah so we set up a camera 24 hours 7
days a week look at this crew yeah look
at this family and the weird thing is
people watch it and there's nothing it's
just a bowl and then someone turns it
every day yeah so I'm gonna go in and
turn it I said how many people watching
at home that's probably the most most
people that have tuned in yeah to watch
a a jar that is their jar of gin that
they're brewing with that in mind we
continue off
does it have sound no hello let me dip
my head in there he's gonna get in there
hello yes and done I'm not supposed to
do it like that
hello can I believe this yeah what
upside down yeah what's the taste a lot
is it alcoholic yeah
are you allowed to drink I can't ever
say it religious it's really nice
imagine that Chris really nice fire this
is what people are watching alert this
is what they're watching that's the live
stream so snow get the white stuff yeah
yeah great minds we've obviously spent
too much time yeah snowing it's
definitely snowing I just got my friend
Andy here I showed you guys yesterday
with his bakery stuff on the phone so
Jamie I think they're gonna chat about
helping his project the feel-good bakery
it's exciting we coming up some cool
plans to the future
Jamie's had enough now piece we're gonna
hang out tomorrow we're gonna grab some
dinner
you can be trampolining with us Jamie
yeah okay I'll help you I'll help you Oh
and I've never got any more physical
around me I've only got four year olds
and five year old yeah so I can do it
around onto my knees okay I'll give you
some pointers and we tomorrow night yeah
yeah yeah yeah I can do it standing here
yeah sure sure well on the trampoline
right before I head off I'm gonna film a
little thing for the drinks two guys a
little outro for their cuz we you know
we did the thing with the gin thing
today well that's unexpected today
wasn't planning to see Jamie again and
it's fun this time looking forward to
going trampolining to the planets
tomorrow
I'll hook up this trampolining place
divvy Alfie I think Steve's coming along
Jamar Edwards it's coming down there's
gonna be a few of us and we're going to
indoor trampoline park
yeah I mean what more can I say I went
to the winner now that if you remember
that floor to the last year beginning of
last year that's pretty insane
yeah I'm gonna no I'm going to love it
right I'm in bed and I am still
determined to be this sore throat so I'm
gonna get some sleep
and today's been a lot of fun it was
great seeing my friend Emma and a little
baby Jack and like I said before lost my
I'm out with her she's got around
channel it's near is fresh you guys
could be some of the first to subscribe
if you wanna if you want to follow her
life with a little baby and there guy
and just it's a family thing you should
head over I'll link that below also my
friends band you need to take that out
mispers I like who that and thirdly the
drinks tube channel I'm plugging a lot
of channels today but they're all
awesome drinks cheap his Jamie's
drinking thing which I got to get
involved with again today his there's
also fund remember to watch tomorrow's
vlog which is gonna be awesome we're all
going trampolining sweet I will see you
then peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
