don't Bey check this out this is where
we're staying
oh I'm really sorry I've been bad at
doing live streams I've meant to do
quite a few the last couple of weeks I
hope you can hear me okay I've just got
a new vlogging livestream vlogging rig
and I've rigged up to my phone ascend
Heiser shotgun mic so I don't know if
you can hear me but it is the craziest
windiest day today and yeah I'm hoping
yeah I'm hoping you can hear me anyway
Wow look at this view
seriously guys look at this view so we
are staying here just for a week this is
a friend of Jeremy loops those of you
that may know Jeremy loops from Cape
Town amazing musician anyway he's a
friend of his has let us kindly stay me
and raira staying here and yeah this is
uh this is probably one of the most
beautiful places I've stayed honestly
like waking up to this I'm going to
probably do a little bit of a house tour
first and then I'll do some updates on
my life and what I'm up to and you guys
can ask me some questions hi to
everybody how's the quality of this
stream is it good quality or is it like
pixelated let me know and also tape you
can hear me properly so I've got a a
good dead cat on this microphone but
it's very windy okay anyway I'll assume
it's okay um I will take you for a house
tour now so this is the letter L just
walked into the bedroom look how big the
this is the view from my bed this is our
bed and I'll show you the vlogging rig
this is the vlogging rig check this out
so we've got the mic on top and then
there's this new you can't really see in
the mirror but there's this new Joby
tripod which arms in Capetown have given
me to try out but it has little adapting
arms that come out you can like put a
mic on there or a little light I'll show
you around so this house is ridiculous
is like
little lounge upstairs another bedroom
obviously we're only using the one
bedroom it's just us staying I'm not
going to show you the whole house
because there's like tons of different
bedrooms but there's a ya little
kitchenette I take you downstairs
Oh guys can someone check whether the
livestreams looking all right anyone who
logged online it is a my little squad
I've got the house today help me edit
and vlogs so catch up with the live the
adventure vlogs does everyone I'm Adam
from cavetown yeah liam from captain
beauty from the netherlands these guys
are these guys are wizards wizards um
can someone log on to their my channel
wait I can do it guys I'm just gonna
double-check the qualities though I just
can check I don't look like a potato
right now yeah yeah it's actually
looking a right it's look at all right
okay bye continuing on with a tour
before we lose all the light because
this is like gold an hour right now and
unfortunately the sun's about to dip
behind the mountain but this is our
dining area so we had a nice lunch here
together got some takeout Italian food
these doors all whoa if the if the water
situation was better in Cape Town I'm
sure this pool would be operational but
it's gone a bit stagnant so they're just
letting that pool just chill but yeah
this is like the the garden area I feel
very privileged to be able to stay here
this week this is nice I think all these
doors open out imagine having a house
party here is so so cool
and then obviously got my transfer got
my transportation got my booster board
oh yeah there's an there's an
announcement coming for the giveaway
someone just mentioned for the Nokia
phone that was on my vlog I think we
gave like a two week entry periods but I
feel like I'm gonna be announcing that
on my Instagram stories I think
potentially tomorrow so hold tight yeah
there's too many rooms in this house
I'll show you one last place hopefully
be internet doesn't cut out I'm just
going to head down to the basement
because this is like the bachelor pad we
back guys sorry I'm just just need to
check that the Internet's still
connected a bit is I'm just testing I'm
alive again okay the reason I'm walking
around a bit as I'm just testing doing a
mobile live strip is what I'd love to do
is start taking you on some adventures
out and about their little hikes and
yeah showing you around Cape Town let me
set up the tripod and sit down now try
and give you a bit of an update other
than living in this amazing house right
now what I've been up to so oh okay yeah
there we go so I'm gonna do a bit of a
behind-the-scenes review of this tripod
with these attachments so you can so you
can yeah see how cool this is
yeah so the idea is every couple of days
I'm gonna try and deal it all kind of
even if I'm vlogging that day just kind
of a little live stream from where I am
and yeah it's kind of take you guys with
me it was saying so let me know what you
think about vlogging from my phone like
this kind of walking about okay update
I'm currently in Cape Town in help Bay
and me and Roy are going to be staying
here approximately another two weeks
we are planning a trip to Tanzania which
will be a last trip in Africa and then
we're going to be heading back to the UK
oh yeah then we're gonna be heading back
to the UK and potentially
I'll have a few days there just to gear
up ready for a very important trip a
very challenging trip actually probably
one of the biggest challenges I physical
challenges I've ever sent myself I have
been invited and I've accepted the
invitation to do a charity cycle ride
from London down to Morocco and it's I
think over ten days and we're going to
be covering between sixty to eighty
miles a day or like 120 kilometres a day
on a bicycle I've never really done any
training I've borrowed a bicycle and
Cape Town to kind of practice on I've
been doing a bit of training down at the
gym and just with a personal instructor
like trying to get my fitness levels up
but I think I'm wildly underprepared for
this guys I'm gonna be this so this
starts on the 14th of April and we're
gonna be cycling down from London to
Portsmouth crossing and then going all
the way through France Spain and down to
Morocco so if any of you want to join
for a leg of that cycle race not race
it's just you know we're chilling but
it's a it's a fundraiser if any of you
want to join and you're more than
welcome I think yeah I don't know
exactly where we're departing from but
I'll be uploading vlogs what I'm
thinking is at the moment is having the
fusion camera on the bike so boss I'm
cycling I can just flick it on and off
and and I can just kind of show some
shots of shots of where we are and
almost bit of a narration through the
day rather than a typical vlog I'm not
going to have a lot of time to edit
every day because I'm gonna be exhausted
from so much cycling and we're gonna be
just all day every day going for it so
hopefully I can do some cool updates and
yeah hopefully it will be a different
thing than the New Zealand blog and I'll
be a bit of a physical challenge and you
guys can watch me go through that pain
and hopefully triumph but I'm also aware
that I might not make it and I might
have to pull out halfway through so I'm
depending on how dead I am but we'll see
we'll see see when it anyway there's one
there's one kind of life update another
thing that is
obviously is the Beyond Borders
documentary that we've been down here
editing that's their one of the primary
reasons I'm based down the cape town
right now and it is it's is this Sun a
bit bright anyway it's been going well
I've seen some short kind of cuts of
some of the some of the regions we went
to and some of the people we interviewed
and there's got my Nick that's been
editing with me well he's been heading
up the edit and I've been going into the
studio and starting to do some
voiceovers for some of the narration
parts so it's I'm really excited and
I've been seeing some of the the cuts
that he's putting together and the idea
is hopefully in May we'll have like a
3-hour cut of the entire movie and then
we'll I'll probably at that point go to
LA and start trying to connect with
people there cut it down look at the
waves look at ways to start submitting
it to film festivals and yeah I cut
together a cool trailer to show you guys
at some point so that's where we are
with that it's quite a long process I'm
used to in my life I guess having been
able to I guess create things quite
quickly and especially the daily vlogs
kind of banging them out every day for
the last five years and to have a piece
like a longer form piece that we're
working on for months and it could even
end up I don't think I'll take a year
but a lot of documentaries take years
and years to cut together so it's yeah
it's a new thing for me it's a new thing
and it's quite exciting yeah Nokia
giveaway don't worry guys that's being
announced to my on my Instagram story
shortly we're still just selecting
someone it's the new Nokia it's the
high-end I forget what it's called like
the eight Sirocco I think anyway it's
been it's been a kind of an interesting
month I don't know if many of you watch
the live the adventure trip that we put
on we invited a bunch of influences down
here we had 10 days I think for three or
four days in Cape Town and then we did a
bunch of stuff in a
a game reserve like safari drives and
stuff and we uploaded load of stuff on
the Liberty adventure Instagram account
which you should go and check out if you
haven't really really cool it one-minute
video kind of montages of each day and
it was just really cool connecting with
a bunch of people from yeah from like
instagramers to other youtubes youtubers
that I haven't met before like Nash
Grier who we've been in contact for a
long time but it's the first time we got
to me and yeah loads of people came and
it was fun for me to be able to host a
trip and also we had some really amazing
chats most nights we kind of talked a
lot about where we're all out what we
want to do what we're dreaming about how
we can support one another how we can
change the world so although my vlogs
may just look like we're doing
helicopter rides and staying in fancy
houses it was it was deeper than that
and yeah I'm planning to do a bit more
hopefully in Africa like this is one of
my favorite continents and there's so
many countries I haven't visited here
yet I'm really excited too so if you've
got any suggestions yeah suggestion here
to go out to Johannesburg I really would
love to someone mentioned in one of my
blogs in the comments there's a really
cool Museum well a very informative
museum on the apartheid regime and kind
of the history of South Africa and I'd
love to learn a lot more about that and
it's very complex country it's very
difficult even staying in like
incredible properties like this
realizing the wealth divided and that
there's people living in poverty here
and it's kind of yeah it's it's an
interesting thing to wrap your head
around and it's not the thing you can
find a solution for overnight but I'd
love to find a way to support kind of
social enterprises one of them being
their guy Nick who's editing they'd be
on board his documentary he actually
lives in Manon Berg which is one of the
townships which is one of the
neighbourhoods which isn't you know it
can it could do with some support and it
could become a safe more
productive place and he's with some
friends are looking away to support
social enterprise there and bring the
economy and Muhlenberg to you know to
support the residents there so all of
the the money I'm paying to get the
Beyond Borders documentary edited will
be going to support mellenburg which is
cool it's a cool way to do things where
do i currently live I am living I guess
in Cape Anne right now and if you can
count this is living here but yeah we've
been here for over two months and yeah
two more weeks like I said and then I am
hoping to base up in LA for quite a
while and that'll be hopefully in May I
still be traveling a lot but I'd love to
have a kind of creative household in LA
where potentially we will live with some
other creative people make some amazing
things and yeah III like this idea of
having longer places and basing of my up
myself up places me and Roy have really
enjoyed it and yeah it's yeah it's a
different it's a different pace of life
than I'm used to the last couple years
have been pretty intensive especially
after the world flight I was just
burning out like every month and the
world fly it was just like absolutely
exhaustion sleep deprivation I'm trying
to look after myself more try up my kind
of food intake and sleeping better and
yeah I'm yeah I'm ready for this new
phase this new phase of like dreaming
bigger for kind of different types of
content longer form content and we'll
see how this documentary goes with the
Beyond Borders stuff but potentially I
could be doing more I could be doing
more longer form projects and kind of
honing my storytelling beyond the vlog
format and look at ways to share stories
from around the world and highlight
social causes and do good things with
this platform and oh yet so another
announcement someone just asked about my
bus I don't know which bus you're
referencing but if you're referencing
the live the adventure bus which is the
double-decker bus in the you
okay you heard it here you heard it here
first it's not maybe it's not a hundred
percent confirmed yet but we are looking
to get the double-decker bus at summer
in the city which is August in London
and we are going to be hosting a bunch
of stuff from the double-decker bus
so anyone attending summer in the city
can come and check the bus out will
probably be sharing some videos and
giving people tools and stuff like that
it's quite exciting because the bus is
just sitting in the UK right now unused
but I'm hoping I'm hoping we can do some
cool things with it and people can yeah
people who see how cool it is because I
do have a potentially a bit of an
unhealthy bus obsession but it's yeah
something I love and ideally want to do
a lot more road trips with vehicles
leaving we're leaving Oh anyway yeah I
have got as far in the bus I've got a
jacuzzi a hot tub on the top deck oh
I've left my internet phone inside
I'm tethering from another phone to sip
the best quality or the best speed
internet as I can again so anyway and
was there anything else you guys were
wondering about what I'm up to at the
moment or what I'm doing in life do ask
away and I'll try and my best answer ah
the plane the plane has been the plane
has been sold successfully in economy
but we're always selling it anyway it's
in the u.s. we sold it it's I think
actually it's in Europe now I think the
planes been flown to Europe which is
cool that someone's taken it back across
the Atlantic someone also said am I
still looking to convert a plane to live
in and some point in the future once I
have a large plot of land it would be
amazing as I've been talking about my
channel for a long time as well as tree
houses
I would love to I would love to get like
a an old I don't know like a an old
commercial plane that's kind of
decommissioned and I would love to
convert the inside of that but I think
that's a bit of a long way off I feel
like I need to take steps towards that
dream someone asked about the planning
process on the world fly
Jay he is your guy to ask about that he
is I think he's just about to upload a
video potentially this week on a bit
more detail about the the process for
planning the world flight but also when
we release the documentary there should
be a lot more a breakdown of what kind
of went on because my vlogs weren't
incredibly informative but yeah it was
it was amazing actually to see what JP
did and that he managed to get us around
the world whoa actually talking about JP
he has just been selected as a finalist
for the Shorty Awards which yeah he got
nominated for a travel Shorty Awards
being someone that yeah solo piloted
around the world circumnavigation I
heard he's the first Libyan to to
circumnavigate the world dinner I don't
know whether it's in any plane or a
single-engine plane but anyway it's it's
cool to have joined him on that
achievement someone was criticizing the
the the wealth or the luxury we were
staying in over the last couple of weeks
with the travel influences that I
invited over just to let you know we
were staying in a house which is rented
out at an extortion amount of money but
we weren't personally paying that money
to stay there so I didn't want you to
feel like we were wasting money that
could have been potentially spent more
wisely but saying that there are people
that have that kind of money they'd like
to spend on places to stay and you know
they want
and anyway I just thought I'd address
that but yeah I enjoy a variety of life
styles in life you know there's a
spectrum I think if you have the
opportunity to stay in amazing
incredible places and in luxury that's
okay
a lot of people have a lot of money but
on the other hand it's also cool to
realize that isn't how the majority of
the world live and there's there's yeah
it's good to I guess yeah show you the
whole spectrum of life that people live
and I don't know I feel like I feel like
it's it's an interesting topic to think
you know should I should I not stay in
luxury places because I want to do good
things as well and do and to kind of
support social causes and see a real
change in the world
I don't think wealth itself and living
luxuriously is damaging the world but I
feel like there if there should be ways
in which to district distribute wealth
better and I think there's cool projects
that people with money can fund to
empower people and communities that need
to yeah that need to kind of boost the
economy in places anyway um I do think a
lot guys about how I can use this
channel to do good and how we can as a
community impact the world around us and
yeah we just wanted to you to know that
I'm not just living it up living it
large you know I'm gonna read a few more
comments and then I think we're gonna
wrap up soon guys I'd love to know I did
tweet out and did a little Instagram
story the other day with these live
streams if I'm out and about like what
kind of stuff do you want to hear about
what kind of stuff would you love to see
me talking about and showing and you
know I would love to make these
entertaining and informative and I this
is a kind of new format for me because
you're obviously
you're obviously kind of put on the spot
a little bit with it's almost like a
continuous stream of thought and I'm not
none of this is scripted obviously and
none of this is edited or curated so
it's kind of a different way of
communicating doing the the livestream
spot I'm enjoying it it's kind of
pushing me up my comfort zone a little
bit yeah tell me where everyone's
watching from we've got Italy Scotland
and South America I thought we might be
a little bit early normally I aim to
upload videos a bit later in the day
because people are back from work and
school and university and stuff
New York Germany London France
Switzerland Belgium Calais jamaican amid
BIA Sydney Australia Switzerland guys
this is cool Iran Hong Kong isn't this
amazing such a big global community
altogether
yeah this is this is really really cool
where do where do you guys think I
should visit next obviously I'm gonna be
in the US for a bit but later in the
year I'm adding some places to my list
of locations to visit these are the
places I really want to go only go back
to Cuba again I want to go to Costa Rica
I've never been there and I would love
to love to do more of the Middle East
I'd love to explore Iran I'd love to go
to Jordan and Israel and Palestine and
like there's so many so many places I'd
love to really learn about and I feel
like the Middle East is extremely rich
with culture and history and yeah I've
got a lot of a lot of friends from
different countries around there so
that'd be cool right I feel like unless
there's anything I'm forgetting I might
wrap up here and I'm also going to
attempt to do at some stage some higher
quality live streams because at the
moment I'm streaming from my I'm
streaming from my iPhone and I know it's
just the quality's not as good at a
normal vlog obviously it's a camera this
is a selfie camera
but us and I have got a device which I'm
trying to set up to my laptop that which
means we can stream apps normal vlog
quality which would be really really
cool do you guys really care about the
quality or is it just more about what
I'm talking about what you think I'll be
interesting to know because I kind of do
get a bit distracted sometimes about the
cinematics the quality the depth of
field but if it's yeah okay some people
don't really care yeah maybe I'll do a
mixture yeah people don't care of its
own alive okay
that's interesting tonight so maybe we
can try and do some out and about live
streams where I'm kind of taking you
with me and we're visiting places if I
can get good internet this could be this
could be quite a cool way of including
you guys more real-time and raw into my
day-to-day stuff so one thing we could
try
I don't know if it's gonna work but on
Sunday I'm planning to go on a long
cycle riders to get into training for
this this cycle I'm doing in April which
I'll link below once I've finished its
livestream I'll probably link a few
things in the description I just need to
add them but I'll link this project and
I think they've got like a fundraising
page which we're just to let you know
that the fundraising page for the cycle
ride it's fundraising money to take
underprivileged kids from London that
have been involved at case that we
involved with from bad neighborhoods get
involved with crime and gangs and
looking at way to I guess steer them in
a good direction empower them and take
them to projects in Kenya and I think
there's some other projects in Europe
where there's feeding programs and we're
supporting a children's home and a
school it's through a charity called
regenerate which I'm sure you've seen in
my vlogs if you were long-term viewer
you would have seen some of the projects
I've been doing over the last kind of
five years regenerate as a charity that
I've been working for for like 11 years
on and off doing different things so
anyway it's all in aid of that so that's
what we have raising money for so I'll
link that later on
you can check it out but anyway Sunday
I'm doing a stop a ride to train for
that and I'll try and do a live stream
at some point on the cycle ride I'll see
if I can like the camera on the
handlebars and chat to you guys a bit
and you can laugh at how unfair I am see
if that will work anyway I'm gonna sign
out there guys and hopefully later on
tonight I will upload a vlog it'll be
the third day of the influencer live the
adventure trip and yeah sorry I'm a bit
behind this is what I've got this crew
of guys helping me edit because it's
there's just so much content anyway I'll
catch you soon
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
