good morning guys I'm in London I've
taken a few days off I think the last
time I was vlogging we've got a hotel in
Brighton well we spend the whole next
day just getting editing done working
and then briar landed so I've spent a
few days with Raya just yeah just having
a little bit of a break from the trip
it's been very intense the last three
weeks in the prep and then flying all
the way from California to the UK so
I've recuperated a little bit now and
we're about to head into central London
for a interview with Conde Nast the
Travel Magazine and then later this
afternoon we're getting back on the
plane and we're heading to Germany
okay we made up to London with Briah you
miss me three weeks apart guys but we
managed to make it work Raya flew in two
days ago from Copenhagen if you haven't
been watching her videos she's been
doing this really cool series where
she's like backpacking and interrailing
around Europe and she at the end of each
video she's letting you guys both where
she goes next so I'd be like following
her videos and it's been really exciting
so you did Amsterdam
yeah Amsterdam and then Hamburg and then
company cool and she's just taking two
days out to come see me so I thought
whilst I was in the UK it made the most
sense to try Mia
yeah those of you that are in
relationships where you spend long times
apart you'll understand it's it's it's
hard but it's kind of unavoidable on
this trip so we're gonna yeah we're just
gonna try to each other as much as
possible but we're gonna head it to this
Conde Nast interview now if JP was
supposed to meet us here
with Matt but he just texted me saying
he slept through his alarm so I think
they're just gonna come and I guess move
this in a little bit and we just grabbed
their coffees
you're ready
we're just checking out the offices now
that all these massive magazine covers I
don't think we're going to make the
cover but we're getting an article
written and I think we're going to do
some regular updates for the Conde Nast
website just about our trip what's going
on
also JB's just arrived it's bright hello
you have a nice couple of days off yeah
yeah me too Matt said oh I just found
out I didn't know this book on Venus
owned Vogue and GQ and Wyatt so there's
like tons of magazines under the same
kind of umbrella of godliness and it's
condoms traveler that will be featured
in hopefully
yeah this is Matt Laura's giving us a
lift down to the plane well Jim's
driving okay and we got enough room for
everyone okay
all right back it back at the airport in
Shoreham it's actually Brighton City
Airport but it's in Shoreham
and if you saw the last vlog we here we
flew in here to a really nice welcome
for my family and a few friends like
Steve and Alan join us for little
flights and it's been a it's actually
been a bit of a bizarre few days being
back in the UK because this is kind of
normality for me this is where I grew up
and seeing a bunch of friends is kind of
almost felt like there's we've kind of
like paused around the world flight for
like a couple of days which we haven't
but because I guess this is this is home
for me it's felt like I'm I'm home
randomly in the middle of this trip
this is your first time seeing the plane
isn't it
it's so worryingly tiny how do you feel
about the size of it what do you think
okay Laura Rachel and Jim were going out
for a little flight before we leave we
weren't entirely sure whether we gonna
have time for this but look Laura just
kept pestering JP unfortunately Raya has
a flight to catch not a little flight
either like a proper commercial flight
so he needs to head off so she can't
come up in the plane now but what we're
thinking is hopefully she can join us
for another leg I'm hoping Australia
that would be cool Australia would be
really cool and then you can actually
get to experience doing airplane I'm
gonna walk her out now let these guys
head up
Laura how is that yeah okay
how good was her flying right honestly
Laura I don't know well you better cuz
nobody else you have a little plane tour
Dave we're just saying it's quite
similar whether you're living in a bow
or a heart or a plane despite how do you
optimize for these small spaces yeah
well if we didn't have a fuel tank you
probably put a bed in the back that's
what we were thinking you could actually
just if you were just a solo or you just
a couple when you were flying around the
world you could actually per film babe
in there yeah that would be nice that
would be real nice this is property yes
even smaller than I thought actually
spiritually very much lusha yes it's
nice innit luxury guys this is dima he's
joining us one of one of JP's friends is
gonna join us all the way to to
australia right yes and we're just
filing our flight plan just figuring out
of the details so talk us through what
you're doing that piece of paper trying
to figure out how to file a flight plan
from here to somewhere in Germany I
don't even know where we're going
laura is the boomerang queen Dave you
gonna come from flight at some point
we're gonna figure out huge cons
California maybe I'll do in California
hey still let everyone thanks for coming
to see yourself live the Adventure Bay
be right back on the flight we it's
gonna be a bit cramped from here on out
and over t10 you know what we have the
traffic yeah we're clear takeoff runway
two zero temperatures and pressures are
good
now we're hitting Germany today we're
going to you Karlsruhe how do you say it
I would come pies would sound like I've
got like food in your mouth it's not
like college
Oh what's up day to be fine
yeah a little bit of everything poncho
the ankidroid go out
this cloud looks crazy it like looks
like it just nice pulls off and then
there is the other way yeah yeah that's
big parlor there with the with the
Seawolves
now well we're felted though yeah so we
just crossed the English Channel now
we're gonna route
put it down across Belgium Germany
square to the right nice bow it just
sighs bow
hey you gonna cross yeah you guys ready
yeah back into France we're gonna end up
crossing Belgium Luxembourg Germany just
catch a little corner of France right
there then end up right about there
November 2 1 0
echo uniform versus control radar
contact continue I couldn't say that was
the space I'm sorry but you lost it was
accent
the brussels approach number 2 on 13
apology flight level 9 0 eddie direct
dick hello Bertrand Piccard maintains a
lot a lot of it one continue tour like
you I can't I just cannot manage the
temperature in this thing they're not a
bonanza he's just cold I just think that
on like a strictly you know point by
point faces civilians is a better
airplane I don't think this is a bad
airplane or that it's a bad airplane for
this mission or anything like that I
just think it's the video better you had
my feelings I mean there are a few
hundred people that have done it I think
around a hundred or 120 solo around the
world that is around the world and small
aircraft is probably more like yeah 300
solo around the world that have been to
space so we have some pretty hard to see
just a really bad ice here by the looks
of it I yeah we do ice buildup be deadly
oh it's very deadly like like probably
an instrument flying one other biggest
killers Wow
a because it distorts the airflow so so
the reason why I the reason why notice
we had ice was because our speed dropped
by 20 knots and there's no reason for it
to have done that and the boy built up
just a little too high enough to run all
right gears down how many miles where
you got three miles
oh I'll wait a little bit longer before
I put the laps down
never been to Germany before they're
coming in my lunch fine fine
I don't know I have no idea you just
that said welcome to my country my
friend thank you
little one do it cool you call my plan
for pick up on the blue lines parking
honest written there the blue lines
flavoring for and we're free to park
anywhere is it um just take out one of
the blue lines so we have landed in
Germany it's actually raining a little
bit so we're gonna try and get into the
the main terminal or whatever that's
pretty cool flight I enjoyed that
cheers boys I just missed the glasses
some amazing vegetable pasta okay so
guys when we fly out of Europe and down
to and down into the Middle East and
Asia and they're just not used to
getting any kind of private aircraft it
it's all commercial airline is they're
expecting like really smartly dressed
pilots to come in so to make sure we
don't get pulled aside and like
interrogated we have to dress the part
so Jay please yesterday with Matt when
it bought a bunch of pilot uniforms this
is so good or aircrew I'm not applying
it obviously but like oh this is like
crooner for the top button probably
close on one side this way this isn't a
fad effect you know you need more straps
stripes stripes but this is a bright
it's such an insult towards a I'm so if
you're in foreign airline fire I'm so
sorry anyway I'm gonna sign out there
I've got a few more hours of editing
like I said like firstly I'm sorry I
haven't been on top of the air bits I'm
trying to juggle everything and I'm
gonna figure it out even if I just do
like more chilled edit so I'm not
including all the GoPro footage but also
guys in we have been shooting a lot of
stuff for the documentary we've been
doing interviews in each country and I
don't want you to feel like we're just
you know flying through a few people
have mentioned
you know barely stopping but we are
doing our best to kind of interview
people and also we want to leave as much
time for the Middle East and Asia as
possible and kind of the more unique
locations that were going to be
traveling through so that's the plan and
Matt's been making his own videos from
this trip so those will be slowly
getting released over the next couple of
months probably yeah so make sure you
are subscribed to him if you haven't
already and he'll give you a bit more
in-depth understanding of the flying and
what's going on I'm kind of just
observing so my vlogs aren't
particularly accurate or technical
information about the flying but that's
where that's where Matt's the the main
man for that yeah so yeah links below
and give it also complete comments of
where you think we should go on a flying
adventure potentially I'm guessing like
next year now if we have some time
together
let us know where you think we should go
I guess we'll probably have to say your
plane I don't know where our plane is
gonna be by the end of her yeah I'm
gonna sign out now guys and I'll catch
you tomorrow peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
