hey my name is Eric from Cirque du
Soleil
you're watching fun for Louis good
morning guys I slept so well last night
like maybe 10 maybe 12 hours I feel so
good and this is my view this morning
it's a little bit rainy outside which
might limit what we can do today but I'm
excited and it is breakfast time so I'm
going to go meet Riya and have some food
good morning Maya how did you sleep
yeah are you ready for breakfast look at
the difference between rise breakfast
and my breakfast I'm hungry this morning
guys what through is this who knows what
through this is all about this right
yeah guys we're going to go check out
the highest library in the world let's
go
we think as a secret wall here we're
trying to find it like on a run or
trying different books to see if
bookcase will spin around maybe over
here we are definitely not supposed to
be here how much should we go up there
so it seems to have stopped raining and
we've decided to go for a little wander
down to the river choices all these
umbrellas laid out on the floor in this
park and I have no idea what they're for
right what's your theory totally wrong
ah shucks memory that couple came and
they wrote like descriptions of their
sons or daughters come in the Komachi
week
so there's if you look at the Sun
there's like phone numbers like hi
staffers pictures so this is families
matchmaking don't hold it like I'm not
sure with us men are happy tune of one I
think it has it guys let this one guy on
this ride
he looks so lonely we found someone we'd
like sample bubble tea / - thank you
she she I'm Italian - yeah Cheers
awesome cafe guys righteous by there the
seats are hammocks
turn now Shanghai e-bikes they have to
abide by the trapping life this wall is
made of flowers
it's made of flowers
the money
I love that phone yeah we have found our
way to a traditional Chinese cost of
coffee terminal Arthur we we've realized
we might need to venture further afield
to find traditional Chinese stuff really
Cheers
yeah we have realized guys we don't know
anything about Shanghai we don't know
what this building is we don't know what
that building is we're going to find out
like and also it's strange how so many
people are taking photos of us like they
don't obviously watch YouTube out here
because it's fans but I think just
because we look unusual and we we look
very different from Chinese people that
they just love taking photos and this
girl just walked up to me and on her
phone on a translation app it said can I
have a picture with you and then
Perrineau friends all got pictures with
me and royal but then when her friend
seeing a picture of her with us like ten
other people that were walking by the
staff certificate guide to scaffolding
here for the building work in this house
is bamboo like legit real bamboo
little baby octopus is for those
it is real no way you guys ha
do you think that's natural colors
they've been hit they've been dyed whoa
let's get these puppies yah probably
popped into the hotel we chilled for a
little bit grabs onto a and now we're
about to head to this like circus
evening with like Chinese acrobatics and
stuff and they have uber in Shanghai
which is fantastic
so we're just jumping in an uber
this guy's basically everything Steve
aspires to be
we have stopped for a halftime
intermission guys this show incredible
we almost didn't come we were like
really tired with the hotel we like our
submission to come out but I'm so glad
we did this mind blow it takes a lot to
impress me seriously but this stuff
apparently it's on par with like circus
Olay I'm so glad we found out about it
if you ever come to Shanghai you've got
to check this place out
Oh
it's all ready for you no not a
right how sick was that last part of the
motorcycle
because there's no YouTube in Shanghai
well I kinda I just assumed I wouldn't
meet anyone that watch my vlogs but
these gals are visiting from Singapore
and and they came back to me and we just
got photos how you girls they just come
outside and notice this guy in the
street selling needles so I think we're
going to get a bowl this looks so good
Oh amazing this is the perfect dinner
how awesome is this
how could it in using chopsticks I'm
okay but I've never done it while
walking so
guys look how much she looks like Tyler
Oakley this little cartoon character on
the side that is amazing
swimming back at the hotel and I've had
a fantastic evening I'm so glad we went
to that amazing circus night and
tomorrow I think the plan is we are
going to catch a train and there may be
a taxi to go and check out this
beautiful like village with like water
canals little boats and stuff and like
really rural authentic traditional
Chinese I'll catch you tomorrow for some
fun
peace out enjoy life and let the
adventure
