good morning guys it is 8 a.m. and we're
about to set off to walk to the top of
Table Mountain how beautiful is that
right it just helps ourselves to some
breakfast you ready to climb take them
out in the lamb no you're not ready we
haven't quite woken up yet for this lace
and coffee are perfect timing
exclaiming um hello we want to go to the
base of the cable car the lower cable
car to know their way
we have a ride this is the basis to walk
apparently
that's what we going papa right
we've only been going about two minutes
Gordon exhausted she was targeting there
think it was a bad idea Hadji yeah piss
piss piss No
Oh
guys this is where we paralyzed off the
other day little Melvin here so this is
quite a bit higher there is a waterfall
in the middle of the footpath if you
have to cross
think that water yeah
we were advised to leave at 6:00 in the
morning to avoid the heat of the day
whilst we're hiking up the mountain
six very early to lift it like 8:30
hopefully we don't get caught a son
cooks
oh my god this way
how you feelin Ellen White and how far
have we got to go halfway yes yeah yeah
yeah good look how do you feel I feel
great
so energized that's where we started
guys make progress you're making
progress in the lab guys I think this is
a shortcut
I think should go this way
I've been stopped for the last ten
minutes just taking some photos Neelam
has walked ahead and now I have to catch
up with her and see how long this takes
I'm going to try and jog it this is
probably a very bad light they're fuzzy
Pamela
aren't you just soaking wet now
we still haven't quite reached the top
but lady just walked past us and she is
coming down like an hour ago
so she had already gone up back down now
she's gone back up again
she's already overtaken us we made it
made it the top oh this is incredible
we're just walking over here so you can
look over this side of the mountain oh
that was they're actually quite tough
Trek so worth it though such a sense of
satisfaction I think we're almost a
thousand meters above sea level now and
it took us just over two hours maybe do
you got time I've taken photos and stuff
you have you did little birds what is
that creature
we're now catching the cable car down I
think this will be a little bit easier
than walking that now because a little
faster as well so according to this
table mountain is one of the official
new seven wonders of nature
another table mount and the only other
one I've been to the Amazon before we go
to meet up with Nick and Angie we have
stopped by the waterfront to pick up the
Turkish Delight that order for Nick
yesterday for a little leaving present
the owner came out and he seemed angry
he was like this shouldn't be sold like
they usually give them out with coffee
but this isn't a usual thing and whoever
we spoke to yesterday shouldn't have
sold it to us so we're super lucky to
basically get these turkish delights and
when we came here last night we couldn't
get them with our coffees after meal so
Nick was really upset so this could be
like the perfect present for next
because right and can't even get this
why do you get this any other time you
know the pepper Club Hotel yeah in the
Austrian yeah Nealon is giving Nick
management presents
you know what that is Nick no yeah
you're really good when they were
shopping guys I've researched about that
animal we saw earlier it's called a
dusty or a rock hyrax or a rock badger
and according to Wikipedia its closest
living relative is an elephant look the
closest living relative to the hyrax on
the modern-day elephant that doesn't
make any sense
that does not look like an elephant to
Neelam's last day
we are back at the hotel and we are
heading up to the penthouse again to
have a proper look because it's cloudy
yesterday and we want to get some good
views taste some cool place and we might
jump in the swimming pool as well all
right let's see what this place looks
like during the day oh my gosh
and your sister and her friends are come
to join us guys imagine having a party
here this would be in Seine it is a
great day a fantastic day we are now
sadly leaving this incredible hotel
because nilam have to go and pack a bag
and just air for
guys at the South moment where Neelam is
leaving back to Germany have you enjoyed
your time in Cape Town and I just wanted
to say thank you because were so nice
and
make my day Leggett and if any of you
German viewers or people that want to
learn German was to watch Neelam on her
channel you can go and subscribe
I've been linking her in the description
she's going to be uploading some
Capetown blogs and stuff we've been up
to
he said understand
and we are kind of makes plans for
another adventure soon we're thinking
like May we could be something fun what
we're doing now and we are doing a
future for Dennis laughter we have got
dinner
lots of salad II things so I brought
some sausages as well so I can make
sausage mash all right we've got some
friends over I'm cooking my boar a boss
and it's my mashed potatoes though
they're not mashed yet into mash those
guys up this looks strong as yeah I'm
gonna put a plastic one down so the
friends we had over tonight left we're
finished eating and everything it's 1:00
a.m. and I'm about to have a Skype call
with a couple of lads who have been
using this story beta app and a lot of
people are not a lot a few people have
been trying the app how I showed you one
of their stories I think it was Andrew
no will show you will story the other
day we it was making cupcakes anyway a
few of them are coming on a Google
hangout not Skype Google hangout and
we're going to just chat a little bit
about story YouTube ton of stuff it's
quite exciting because these guys are
from all over the world and they've been
doing a great job at testing the app and
we're hoping to launch tomorrow night
that's the plan hey guys
so wait tell me where everyone's from
australia melbourne UK UK s orlando
silic and amman's I'm in South Africa at
the moment but I'm about to fly to
Australia on Thursday Sydney and then up
to the Gold Coast to visit a friend it
is stupid o'clock in the morning I've
just finished my vlog which was supposed
to be up hours ago
I had a great Skype call with those guys
I've got a full-on day tomorrow
slush today now it's my last full day in
Cape Town it's gonna be great catch you
then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
