hi my name's Alex I'm from Britain
currently in Denver and you're watching
from for Louie enjoy good morning guys
we are having some breakfast before
heading off on our adventure today
I think even know what we're doing
currently the plans are changed again
and hot tubs are involved I'm gonna
start my breakfast shreddies which I
totally forgot about rallies are
luxuries
guys I love autumn and the leaves are
like this and they're like all crunchy
yeah a little stop off where you taking
this Laura yeah tell us about jose kavi
fantastic
that's exciting best coffee places in
Boulder guys we just got some sandwich
from snarf snarf sandwich shop yes
that's for later when we're on the
mountain
one rolling mouth rolling
like keep your eyes peeled for baptizing
there's two lines in tight
hey whatever he's massive there you
nutters
Oh guys this is one of the most
beautiful drives I've ever done through
the Rocky Mountains we've just pulled
over definite look at these outcomes
grazing the kill field on the side of
the road
I don't think you're allowed running
with the elk
I love mountains so much smell go
through a nine thousand four hundred and
seventy five feet above sea level that's
pretty awesome snide they snow on the
ground
Oh guys this lake is epic nice lunchtime
getting that you're something else this
is probably the most epic sandwich shot
in the world all right guys it's a
chipmunk he's come to say hello hello
got some bread chipmunk
hello chipmunk
oh my gosh
aha cute look at this little snowman yes
all right looks like that snowman out
frozen I'm actually having a moment
right now yeah we're having a moment I
want to save the game to the gift right
that's expensive lose the game how
amazing her mum makes these oh my gosh
no you're mad are you mad
oh why
how beautiful is this name I just like
you feel like more way more live here
than you do in a city wonder while it is
tonigh we were just sitting eating and
we were just like there's nothing that
could make this moment better it's one
of those moments which you wish you
could just freeze and you can live in
forever and then just at that moment a
little chipmunk came up this is like the
best day ever
vegans
I want to see if I can climb this rock
which doesn't look good thing as it
really is I made it so here's how Tom's
rocket check out this view
we've driven back to Boulder taking
about an hour and we've just arrived at
a hotel with an outdoor hot tub and we
are about to go and relax after a long
day of adventures this is a big is it
right oh yeah how's that neck Sonic
approach that was amazing guys that's
just what I needed
all right we've left the hot tub and
we've just turned to an Ethiopian
restaurant to come and get some
delicious food
so all quite hungry look at this yes
this green salad beets which one
guys if anyone lives in Boulder you have
to check out this Ethiopian restaurant
food Russ Casas I think that's how you
pronounce it it was incredible
very very delicious and a very unique
experience eating together from that one
play with symbolics we're a very like
communal I like that I like that way of
eating right Rebecca Loras and I'm gonna
get some sleep tomorrow we have to get
up super early because we're catching
our next train to like I don't know
where basically we're heading to
Yosemite National Park so we're gonna go
train to somewhere near there and we
have to leave it like 5:00 a.m. or
something crazy but it's been an amazing
time here and it'd be really nice if you
could tweet Laura her twist below and
just say thank you from us for hosting
us showing us such a brilliant time now
be cool all right
I'll catch you tomorrow morning super
early peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
