good morning guys we were in WIC in
Scotland we've been here a couple of
days and yeah we're about to head out
now hopefully the weather stays like
this then we can just get incredible
views over the whole of Scotland and the
whole of England as we fly down we're
pretty much just going all the way down
to the coast from literally the most
northern point of the UK down to the one
of the most southern points okay we have
the fusion roll in we have the hero for
the massive battery pack rolling on this
way
we're not going to do the tail cam today
and then we've got a we've got three
GoPros rolling in there one there one
there and one back there all right you
guys ready to go rolling one three will
be departing to the North Pole
look at these ruins yeah they do it
pretty cool what I can see is there's
some really nice cliffs over there I
think we just scoot around and then we
depart as a fisherman and another castle
run and another console there pretty
awesome it looks exactly like I thought
Scotland would look look at that castle
it's a colorful ones right next to
so that was my most enjoyable departure
yet guys get to do some low flying over
something scenic cliffs of castles and
stuff oh my gosh so good and it was cool
that we actually visited those consoles
from the ground and I think got to see
you prop the air as well and got to get
so close to them but is what's weird is
from the ground obviously their passive
joined office parcels and even low-level
from the air they looked pretty tiny so
yeah get it but everything into
perspective when you're flying around so
cool
the other thing I can't get over is eyes
and multiple occasions driven up to
Scotland that even to get to southern
Scotland like a 10 hour drive south of
the UK and today we're going to be we're
gonna be cruise down there and I think
like three three and a half hours this
is pretty incredible I mean obviously
Flying Saucer the driving part
it just reminds me again how cool they
did
that's a cool form of transportation so
just update you on our plan we are
landing insurance it's Saturday right
now and we're gonna be here for a few
days
hopefully takes people up four flights
bunch of people are going down to beat
us this afternoon there including my mom
and dad and a bunch of friends hopefully
like babe
Steve and stuff yeah take people up this
looks like I don't know where there will
be flying tomorrow it looks like it
could be bad weather but anyway Ryan's
gonna be arriving on Monday night so
it's gonna be nice to see Rio because we
we not we're not sure over the three
months of this trip
how often we're gonna get to see each
other so we're grabbing every
opportunity she happens to be in Europe
so she's flying in for a couple of days
I think currently the plan is we fly out
Wednesday night to Germany
Thursday boarding will fly into Austria
Oh check out that color down there
almost looks like oil or something
Louie can you pass me my breakfast yeah
one of the most not healthiest people
I've ever cooked
nothing like a cake had for breakfast I
just realized I had Oreos it's not very
vegan is it re the vegan fried what yeah
how can that be
we're gonna enter on our right coming up
this is a pretty big ship below us so we
went down and get the same for them oh
wow that's a biggie
we're actually crossed into a clip now
okay so I don't know what I don't know
what that is fairway cup of tweed
I did not think I would struggle with
the UK accent but on hearing you you
ought to talk about the thing now I mean
it's given a little better but I thought
I I'm not here they're saying that the
way they do think it doesn't make sense
they're retiring air space system for
the UK is clearly nonsensical the way
they run airports doesn't make any sense
and then they just talked so funny that
you can't understand there's a British
a uniform surface 21-0 is 12
noise this is so nice it just landed and
my whole family ahead to welcome us back
to England
hey okay we've had a few people will
arrive to welcome us including Dave
Steve Allen Sammy and then my parents my
grandpa we're gonna take a few of them
up in the plane just for a little I
don't know a little 10 15 minute fly
around and the first people have opted
to join is my dad and my grandpa so
we've just walked back over to the plane
and we're jumping in now we're just
gonna cruise around and I think it's
really cool that my grandpa's here
because this morning as we're flying out
of Scotland we flew over Dundee and he
just reminded me that that is where he
grew up I was born and grew up so it's
kind of pretty special that we just flew
from from where I guess my roots are
from all the way down to here we're near
where I I've kind of grown up and lived
living well I'm living when I'm in the
country how many hours have we spent in
there so far JP since we left California
so you couldn't suffer claustrophobia
for doing so like no I don't think you'd
handle it
this is gonna be so hey are you looking
forward to that like this amazing
yeah the broken the I 360 design pretty
cool so right now we're so it's just
like a car either way and then if I want
to go up a little bit you pull back and
so we actually need to be going down and
about that direction there so a little
right yeah you can slide right down this
is quite a physical airplane oh it
requires a lot of strength
yeah it's a beautiful airplane applies
really really nicely that was such an
incredible experience guys so kind of JP
to take me and my dad and my grandpa
together right and then stand me in the
back you ready excited okay we haven't
told you this yet but JP is gonna let
Steve fly the entire time all right
Steve have fun but I'll leave you in
JP's capable hands in Austria yeah no
wait what that's the end of fun for
Louie Steve's gonna continue the series
on this channel bye
now they don't have my Chinese although
they keep nearby yeah amazing I would
know even though hi yeah yeah everything
already seems tiny now yeah well we're
not gonna go higher than us do you want
to do some flying I'm coming
hello nobody else is flying the plane
right now look what it's doing you're
flying an airplane start a lovely turn
to the left here and then what happens
when you turn is the airplane you pull
back a little bit as well during the
turn a little bit more than the
welcome I have to throw right ahead of
us where is it right there Tony I'll
 to the approach sorry about that
guys how was it how was this it was so
cool thank you
I don't know when you're in a real plane
you don't realize what goes on like when
you're flying a plane how you been up in
the plane Oh point was I scared I got a
whole thing it was just it just felt I
don't know cool berry flavor I turned
180 serious yeah I'm still like a bit
vague about it
so guys this is Andy he's just flown in
he's gonna take his plane up me and out
also alfea's just arrived yes selfie me
and Alfie are gonna jump in Andy's plane
to get some shots of Balu from the air
this is this is very exciting very
exciting I go all my camera lenses it's
all a bit of a kerfuffle everyone else
has had to head off and it's approaching
Golden Hour and they're hoping we can
get some cool shots over the ocean maybe
even be in the air for sunset who knows
maybe not sunset but oh oh this is
exciting yeah it's cool getting to go in
another plane so a little bit of a
change oh yeah Alfie I'm glad you made
it down right I was not gonna take no
for an answer
oh this is this is cool it's a very
different vibe in here yeah where are
row six ready for taxi departure for a
local flight photographic sup with
beachy head and the American registered
November eco uniform aircraft will be
joining me in taking off road behind me
flats okay
the live temperatures the pressures are
good
you see how a bit hazy I think if we go
down to a thousand feet it'll be less
hazy yeah that looks awesome good but
kind of like a where you are I think
high and we would we would have to angle
the campus down a lot more
they're beautiful
in a second we're going to get to do is
thank hot rods they don't get them for
starters you bank away that'll be a good
choice are you ready
now if we do this we do on strike keep
on till we get there
keep on keep on gonna stop to think
about play on he's going to hold it up a
touch
so much cool I don't know if she sent me
a link or something okay I think it's
time for some dinner now we've had some
people come to say hello we landed hey
girls
yeah thanks for coming - thanks for
coming to join us oh yeah I think this
is all closed now we probably need to
leave all right JP is jumping in with
Alfie you ready - it's nunley's time
Matt has never had Nando's before so
he's in for a treat we had a nice meal
very chilled evening
Alfie's off we're trying to figure out
whether we're gonna meet up tomorrow
doesn't sound like it work but most
possibly we'll see each other tomorrow
bro it's so good having you on there and
the flight today that's special yeah
yeah we'll figure out we'll figure out
for sure well we found somewhere to stay
very last minute kind of worked out well
I'm probably gonna be sleeping on the
sofa bed me and Matt are gonna be up
sharing his tiny little desk space for a
few hours yet just stomping all the
footage from today and we got some
serious footage today yeah it's exciting
it's just still overwhelming the amount
of stuff we're shooting and I'm still
trying my hardest to edit but I'm
enjoying it I was just telling Matt I'm
actually even though it's overwhelming
and I'm not getting enough sleep I'm
still so excited to like edit and check
the footage every day and it was great
to see alfie today as well and have him
join us and we are seriously trying to
convince him to join us on the 10th of
November for the arrival party but we're
now
talking about the potential of
continuing on the trip and doing this
South American leg after we kind of
complete the full circumnavigation then
circumnavigation circumnavigation and
then we're gonna head down anyway lots
the plan lots of people to collaborate
with and yeah we're just gonna take it
easy the next few days and the twin
capture with edits rise flying in for a
few days so yeah it's gonna be a bit of
a chilled time here in the UK
maybe we'll get a couple of interviews
here and then we're gonna head to
Germany in Austria and continue on with
the trip anyway I'll catch you guys
tomorrow morning
peace out enjoy life Olivia venture
