hi my name is Conrad and I'm in
Whitehorse Yukon Canada home of the
Midnight Sun and the world's largest
weather vane and you're watching fun fur
Louie enjoy
it's a win snowing am we're leaving like
two or three hours later than we planned
but we are heading significant damage
now and then we're gonna get our rental
car and head off from the road trip
yeah sorry sorry mister I was like oh
you guys this is a road tripping vehicle
it's actually much smaller than we need
screaming fun it's about a six man let's
try it friendly cars is expensive
especially when you're not dropping in
fact the location II started there like
it'd be cheaper to buy a vehicle out
here
do you know not much choice now we write
to Philadelphia I'm very tired and I
need to find a coffee because there was
a massive line at Starbucks on the way
here and we didn't stop and get one but
we've arrived we're gonna meet up with
Jesse and Jeana who live in Philadelphia
maybe they'll show us around to get some
lunch
houston we want to try the chili then
fill it chilly there Philly cheesesteaks
the chili fries steak right so we've met
up with Jesse and they're gonna show us
somewhere good to eat a thing
we're not hit belong I wish we can stay
longer and fill inside yeah we're top of
that sorry man
I've kept some promising these guys
they'll come and visit and now it's
visible at one hour but I'll come back
along the next time
we're for we're pretty safe cheers beth
finally found a copy
we're having a lovely tour around Philly
and we've just walked into love park
there's this beautiful statue sculpture
I love sculpture and this monument and
there's these gates gates of hell we're
gonna go have a closer look that's like
cool little carvings it's like all
molded with even the stuff apparently
let people like writhing in pain I just
found this praying mantis is chilly on
the floor he's a good size praying
mantis these steps we were approaching
other steps out of the Rocky movies that
he runs up when he's training tell me
about this place Gina the Art Museum
sadly more people come here just to run
up the steps because this is where the
Rocky movie was filmed and everybody
just likes to run off this actually
right there his footprint yeah oh yeah
but we are about to jump in the van and
head to Washington let's do it yeah we
should have stayed longer these guys
have been amazing tour city guys though
next time next time we'll see more other
City
now we are now heading to Washington
unfortunately I don't think we're gonna
get there any daylight there the sun's
gonna set on the way but I think it'd
look pretty at night
I think the monument and the White House
have stuff to look pretty awesome and me
and Ben have got to do some editing so
we're gonna have some ultimate laptop
clock
we have arrived in Washington DC and
we've been a thief editing got our logs
done and Exploited which need a flight
now so we are floating the local
Starbucks then we're going to go back
and you know with the other guys and
head over to this gig we're going to
tonight there's a sow that converts
goldfish before me but we got to hit
everything was going so well guys and
then Starbucks kicked us out because
they've closed which is fair enough
hopefully they don't close with her
Wi-Fi though and we're now sitting
outside doing our uploads how's yours
going Ben come on seven minutes
we have finally ride to the gig I'm
excited about this buildup
we're ready boy
we need to go to the White House and the
monuments and stuff before we leave
Washington these guys look at these guys
the Washington Monument right there that
is the Washington Monument we eventually
found the White House because Louie's
been driving around about 40 times
around the block we're pretty sure that
that bad number they just look for it
that's the Secret Service fan yeah that
banded follow us now they they just came
out to you guys got out and they're
dropped off a box
Pizza Delivery just ammonite definitely
Secret Service I wash enough white
colors in a Tiffany Secret Service what
I don't know well there you go
the white house alright let's go see
this guy now news I where's the guy
sitting down in the big chair though
look at where can we park to see this
guy leave a hair by the police to us
this policeman damn so we have found our
way oh oh oh the police are here the
police are here
I should not I just really wanted to see
the statue
okay and then I tried to call you you
just were not picking up the police all
right now chilled out and taking the
cards find someone's pocket
we go check out Lincoln now boy
yes Lincoln there is a claim Christa's
Lincoln well know what he's thinking
about
against some lovely snaps
we've left the Lincoln Memorial and
we're on our way to Chicago now is 3:00
in the morning part 3 of doing the first
shift and then been to the dues of
driving and then ange and hopefully
we'll be there awake estimating in 13
hours so that we like tomorrow afternoon
let's do this you alright mate why he's
cool guys bit of an update Joe for an
hour and a half horribly exhausted and
we're trying to come up with a plan to
get to Chicago all of us totally tired
it's very uncomfortable in the back then
we discovered something magical that
these seats all fall down flat all of
them fall down flat and then what we're
gonna do now is put the luggage out try
and get it even we bought 12 pillows
from Walmart Thank You Walmart and we
bought some duvets and stuff and we're
gonna make the ultimate nest in the back
well I'm finally gonna get some sleep
after about 24 hours I've been awake and
very tired but I'm excited about Chicago
tomorrow well today and I'll see you
guys there peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
