hi am i I'm hair and reference to Nepal
and you're watching fun for doing well
guys it's going to be an exciting day
today we've been and will heading down
to film a video
KC around New York City we're just
having our copies and just doing the
look wet laptop flopping around how you
getting on end she's actually trying to
organize our roadtrip which we're
leaving on tomorrow night so she's did
well change you changed for a night for
Sunday morning I think
you excited about this well it's gonna
be good I've never done like a proper oh
I have so many I guess India does have
guys this is our route at the moment we
may change it what do you guys think
yeah cool
guys filling pretzels
having a little were a little stretch
yeah
is lovely and warm on the subways in New
York I love it and then it's like air
cond on the actual trains then outside
is freezing
we got enough I got yo New York New York
saw two men I'm doing man welcome yeah
we brought some other friends of us
today as well camera this is the new
Canon point in sheet what's a good day
yes
Gigi seven eggs oh this is the camera
that it's competing with this is the
Sony that everybody raves about I hate
this camera do you know I might need to
order this this is a great still camera
but it's not a really good video camera
and this thing is amazing so we've been
looking at Casey's new camera and we now
just calm down at his office come up
with a plan for today
I love messing around in this workshop
so I think we need to round off is
faceless yeah studio
let's go our next door okay she's just
been taking some photos for Andrews
Instagram we're doing zombie apocalypse
Instagram oh did we get it you get the
shot that is good it's good enough for
you think oh yeah so after about an hour
of chatting got a plan
we're heading out now still fire the one
dollar piece of shot yeah
we're also going to go and check in here
quickly in this camera shop see they've
got the new Canon point-and-shoot no
luck no luck
here's another idea
three pizzas all right all right
Pizza
right would start filming not going to
tell you exactly what we're building
they see that you might build a gun some
please
Hey
we've arrived at the next scene for the
film nur KC shooting Joe's pizza
thank you all right I just walked into a
park and it's like a scene out the movie
it's like all these people just sitting
around playing chess check this out
amazing
I'm saying I said I could wear these
glasses and go over there so we never
figured out if they're recording or not
there is a camera in those glasses who
knows when we'll find out we're gonna do
some covert filming as part of this
video I see what happens hello look at
these guys
get excited to their cameras to be fair
we all get excited the cameras
so we haven't managed to get the whole
video we were trying to film today done
but we'll have to fleet you next time we
visit KC and we're heading off today
well I feel like not finishing this
movie is my bathroom
we need to get ahead way on it no we we
did arrive at his or like 3:00 p.m. so
that's probably awful but yeah we get
some of the shots look so far they all
right case is heading off to let man see
you later
great to see you yeah pleasure so
earlier this camera me and Ben wanted to
buy that Casey was showing us wasn't
stopped in the shop below it wasn't some
camera shop yesterday prepared rumors
that Best Buy have them so we're heading
in here to see if we can get one so guys
I have been vlogging my whole vlogging
career on this camera here is a cheap
like $100 secondhand Canon camera which
is linked to all my descriptions I might
be taking the big leap now and going for
this which is quite a bit bigger but the
quality difference hopefully you'll
notice it's going to be incredible and
much better in low light and I'm outside
a lot of my vlog is in the evenings
because I get out late but yeah let's
see what happens it's a bit of a jump in
quality
and a bit of jumping price as well if I
smash this to them that's a little bit
more to get replaced the camera is
somewhere in this store they're just
looking they've just got three guys
looking in stock and I think they're
panicking a little bit cause it's quite
expensive we're just checking someone
hasn't snapped it I'm so ready coffee
right now
we have now a Roya
and we've come down this nice restaurant
it's quite amazing
very outside
I love this place it without well write
about it
right we have left the restaurant and
now Nick and hands are ordering an uber
I think me and I are going to jump in it
either with them and get dropped off a
little nearer their apartment it's been
funny it's been nice it's been chilled
we're all exhausted from New York I know
we haven't been doing a lot but it's
exhausting just being in like high
energy I do love New York
see guys tomorrow
thanks guys Ben got one as well and also
the very loud police car outside she'll
I can I help you sure look at this okay
camera buddies
Casey focus Foley me yeah so excited get
ready for incredible quality change in
both of our vlogs I like probably a
bigger jump in mics I've been using this
this little baby you've been taking the
next letter in your big bag yeah that's
true that's true
well it's the end of another fun day and
I am very excited about this camera and
the quality that I'm going to be able to
do it for you guys my videos now and
yeah the road trip that we're going to
be leaving on Sunday morning it's going
to be immense and thanks for the
suggestions the other day for places to
come and visit we're going to try and
look at as many of those suggestions and
like involve them integrate them into
the trip I'm in here some sleep now
I've been up editing for a little bit
also still looking for kind of fresh
music jazz hop funky kind of vibes for
my vlog so again let me know if you got
any suggestions a review if you produce
music or know anyone maybe kind of
hip-hop stuff but yeah I'm going to
crash now and catch you tomorrow I think
we're going to Central Park it's going
to be a sunny day hopefully and we may
have a little cycle around see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
