although I may be 5,600 miles away from
Bowie is just one click away from me
joining Bellinis adventures by watching
him on your computer on top drink a cup
of coffee to stay on Martin grab a
camera to record him from flipping the
adventure and last but not least enjoy
good morning guys
we need a man but we're ready for some
breakfast and Lily is kindly offered to
take us to go and get some of those
amazing cookies which these guys haven't
even tried yet they're not ready you
guys aren't ready for these cookies
you're not ready
here we go guys get ready
but we just had cookies was that cookie
everything you could attend school more
I didn't imagine anything tastes like
that and we're now going to wash it down
with an iced coffee
we found some in there by guys is
extremely chilly today
where we goin back T monk everything all
right
I need to get a sim from my mobile your
robot myself
hello we needed Ben's gonna get his own
SIM card
then
unleash the data hounds can that be our
gang name later help our data with you
so much data data
right dinosaur has the longest neck in
the world museum admission we've arrived
as an acquisition reserved and we're
heading downstairs for an exhibition
called Huber's just within the last 100
years we human inhabitants of a small
planet orbiting this one exceptional
star have learned where the galaxy's
owner
what their made it how'd it have to be
that way so if you observe a tough
galaxies you can spot it in super every
few nights the observers were especially
interested in a particular type of
supernova villages like this one where
the corpses of two dead stars orbit each
other so closely but they eventually
collide and demo just came out with that
exhibition mind-blowing guys I have no
idea what dark matter or dark energy was
kind of hard to comprehend the universe
we live in nuts
guys look at the size of these ostriches
that is just ridiculous if he stood up
with this neck outstretched I've been
like nine foot though like a dinosaur
look at the size of that head Nick and
and have arrived and we're making some
plans today for our road trip and we
have new coffee and some food so we're
going to try to find a little cafe I'm
sure they've got
this is where this is where we are and
we're gonna be traveling across here
we're coming to Shake Shack escape train
get late lunch
come give me a party and a big you know
yes
time for snack a little snack for dinner
Leia are these little monkeys price
right back out into the rain we need to
jump in a cab cab yeah
Oh
we've come to get the girls now we're
heading off to some bio exhibition
Thanks where are we
exhibition
phyto exhibition it's kind of weird
broken ass with no really cool
restaurant with Lillian right
just realize this restaurant we've been
in is a little bit like a speakeasy
hidden restaurant back of this shop just
go through that door but it's kind of
disguised as like a like a secondhand
like musical instrument store
this is by trade sound yeah so this is
just like a facade oh these shoes were
not right well on movie night is in this
we ended up watching the treatment show
which is a classic film for I only have
seen it or we have heard of it which is
crazy but we had a fun slumber party and
we've had a good day although the rain
is kind of hindered what we've been
doing a little bit we've had a nice
little chilled around New York and
unfortunately the weather doesn't look
great the next couple days either so if
any of you have any cool suggestions of
stuff to do in New York City in the
running then last night but yeah it's
still being fun also is one drawing of
yours can help us with some suggestions
we are leaving I think on Saturday to do
a road trip across the state so we're
gonna end up in LA in about two weeks or
something but if any of you know any
cool locations we said visit or like I
thought I like landmarks across the
states and please leave a comment and
you know things like slightly unusual
not the typical tourist things we're
gonna be heading for it pretty much
directly across wait oh yeah let's last
night it's gonna be me will Mick and Ben
and we're trying to plan at the moment
we're probably gonna be up tomorrow
playing a little bit more and both so we
were having this conversation earlier
how much do you plan do you
quite a lot unplanned so this room for
spontaneity spontaneity that's
definitely my approach in life but you
know we'll see what happens and yeah I
think I'm gonna get some sleep tomorrow
we've got a fun day planned we're gonna
be doing some filming with Casey nice
that again we're gonna film a video for
his channel and we're gonna head over
there around lunchtime
yeah it's been a it's been a fun time in
New York so far as being good hanging
out with everyone and I'm looking
forward to the next couple of days of
fun times with friends I'll catch you
tomorrow night
peace out enjoy life live adventure
