hey this is aaron phoenix arizona and
you're watching fun for Louise good
morning guys it is a beautiful day today
and it's boxing day and we're heading to
have some more Christmas celebrations
with and just that
for this next time
she says
lunchtime the puppy is helping with the
time I soldier has amazing Chinese
torture
well we've had a lovely lunch and play
to the puppy all day and now we're
heading off to another function I think
some other men and his friends
alright just a ride nikka nangis other
friends house and there's a bunch of
people here we're gonna chill here these
guys are playing bowls so I'm going to
join them playing some bowls and it's a
crazy cat down there ok now this crazy
yeah yeah you are a crazy kitten
Oh
hit it
Oh boom
oh yeah guys just to point out this is
my ball here I took a risk and I went
for the ball again knocks mine
completely out the way and Nick warm but
really i won yeah i got my count edwin i
can it
Oh
we have had a very lazy afternoon with
Nick's friends basically everyone ended
up just going to sleep I slept in the
sun for a little bit which was amazing
and just lay basically everyone was
leaving and we've now come back to have
an actual power nap like a little siesta
say I'm asleep like half an hour and I
think we're heading out again like I
said a little rest min and both had
power naps Nicholas playing GTA and now
we're heading up to the third location
of the day again some people oh don't
know probably
this is my brother's wife and he's got
and it's got the biggest Christmas where
in the world in it yeah the car isn't
fit in we are getting a grand tour of
this amazing property this is crazy well
almost are downstairs I am Joe oh yeah
you got a lake oh yeah yeah I'm vineyard
yeah you're married here this is a
pretty awesome wedding location pitcock
it up bad timing for the tour guys
sprinklers are on oh this is guy this is
turning yep there we were avoiding the
sprinklers think they avoided them but
chilly I'm I haven't been to many
properties where I legit think I could
be lost right now control and back to
the house it's dinner time to me the
first time requirements looks like good
name who's just bbq'd on this barbecue
over here all right finished food we're
going on a tour we're going to the
sitter this is the dungeon in here
there's an actual wine cellar this is
really crazy day yeah this house is
insane guys I've never been in a house
this big it's crazy Daniel's part of the
future Oh Canada whoa that's an elephant
tusk please interested how much do you
weigh
guys as if this house can get any more
nuts I just found these towards Jays up
challenge you to do who's crazy why
their swords a look at these swords what
we were saying was an elephant tusk
we've been informed is actually a baby
mammoth tusk right me Nick are heading
off to pick up nilam I told you my
friend lil emma is arriving oh it's gone
duck hello my friend Neil amber is
arriving at the airport tonight she's
flown in from Berlin and I'm just
staying here I think we're going to come
back here later and watch a movie I
still want to go swimming in a swimming
pool it looks so good we found the alarm
hey how long is your flight over here
like 12 hours from Hampton
are you excited to be here very I'm
excited we're gonna have some fun
adventures so we didn't realize how late
it was and didn't end up going back to
the house they've come back to Nick and
Andy's instead and new lamps gone to bed
she had a long flight I'm gonna get some
sleep too and I'm looking forward to an
exciting week or so now that new lands
arrive we're gonna have some adventures
and sadly I'm Nick and Angie heading off
for the week and I think we're going to
see him next getting in some GTA time
before he heads off be so enjoy life
live the adventure
