good afternoon guys we are in wick in
Scotland we flew in yesterday and and
then me and Matt stayed up all night and
editing and trying to catch up with some
of the videos we were originally gonna
fly it down to England today but we
decided to stay another day because this
place is so beautiful
and one of the things we want to do
later this afternoon is go down to this
like ruins on the cliff this castle
ruins which is like four miles away so
we're going to go check that out and
yeah just have a nice wander around and
also I said this yesterday but flying
into Scotland was kind of I don't know I
felt this this strong connection with
Scotland because I'm half Scottish but
it really hit me when we flew in
just this kind of I know just how
connected I am and then we as we wake up
this morning we had bagpipes playing our
window and it's just yeah just so
typically Scottish so what we're seeing
guys is loads of these kind of abandoned
buildings here and I'm guessing they're
kind of kept on that cause probably
they're like I've got some kind of
historical significance maybe they're
like listed and protected buildings but
it's kind of crazy seeing these old
stone buildings of no no rubes or
anything so we just bumped into some
kids that told us that right over here
it's the smallest Street in the world so
we're gonna go and have a look at it
apparently is like officially classified
as a smallest rate in the world
we're not convinced by this but
according to the Guinness World Records
this little stretch here from here to
here it's like a two meter stretch
it's called ever ever knees a place and
that's literally just this tiny end of
the building by the novi is the street
there's no actual road here this is just
like pavement so idea I mean I mean I
may be this little bit of right here
but and I I don't know how about that
what you think
so guys yesterday when we landed in WIC
I did a little Instagram story asking if
anyone was around that could show us
around and help us find cool things and
Laura and Colin reached out and they
have come to pick us up me and Matt are
gonna jump in with him and go and check
out a cool castle nearby it was one that
we wanted to walk to last night but it
was like it was like an hour-and-a-half
walk so we decided nothing and then JP
is just staying here to finish off a few
other little bit and which side am I
getting it guys thanks so much for
offering shirts around oK we've had to
stop off on the way to get Toby she's
gonna come and join on our adventures
hey Toby and also Colin's granny has
cooked us oh well this you've done some
baking and she insisted we try it so
we're just tucking in
me and Matt with I think pretty
optimistic and thinking we could have
walked here and we were thinking we
could get it for sunrise as well I'm
kind of glad we didn't stay off on that
yeah they would have been an interesting
one on that mission well here we go so
it's it's Castle Sinclair gonna go is
that how you said wow look at that this
is what it would have looked like and
then we're about to see what it looks
like now
oK we've arrived to this out right on
the cliffs
this is really epic guys just trying to
imagine kind of like going back in time
and what this was like like hundreds of
years ago this is yeah this is some mad
and it's been yeah I guess just so
eroded by being on the cliff and being
exposed to high winds and kind of the
sea and stuff check this out Wow look at
these little rooms
when I look at this nice little window
hey
can you say something I mean I think
this is gonna be right a bit further
yeah yeah you're just in short now yeah
that further that way
a bit more a bit more okay you know
that's the edge of my shot I was the one
that was taking money in the camera and
I used it sort of as a way to protect
myself so to speak and when I met Colin
when I told and he was already taking
force by the time I'm a on it sort of
showed me how to use the ins and outs of
the camera more because before I just
used it on automatic and and even when I
first met Colin I wouldn't show my
photographs I used to wait until his
back was turned before I would take a
photograph because I don't want to see
him seeing me take a photo and like I
never showed anyone my foot was either
like they were all on my laptop and just
for me and but since Colin came along he
sort of set up with photography page for
me and on Facebook and they helped me
come after Michele a lot and like when I
was like in a high school there's no way
I'd be doing anything and there's but
since they and I've been doing
photography talks around the local
community and I'm not that shy and the
cliff's individual that I used to be I'm
a mark for a more confident person
you
Oh
and so Laura and Cullen have kindly
invited us out to this Chinese
restaurant okay we're sitting down first
things first the most Scottish drink you
can get iron brie it's it's so Orange
it's like more orange than orange juice
orange ginger okay let's let's do a
little chairs with our iron Bruce no no
that's a really bad thanks guys all
right we're off Colin and Laura have
been amazing thank you so much guys yeah
see you next time bye
so we're back at the hotel for the night
it's almost 2 a.m. I've been upstairs
editing and I've just moved back
downstairs to this little lounge area
because they've had a wedding on here
all day and tonight and people have just
kind of gone to bed now so there's space
to edit probably be up for a few hours
JP's message saying 9 a.m. star we're
gonna go back to the airport and yeah
head down into England which is exciting
I'm gonna see my family and friends
tomorrow hopefully take a few people up
for a flight in the plane but I've
really enjoyed visiting wick and yeah
just also the hospitality of Laura and
Colin today just showing us around
taking us out for dinner like honestly
it's amazing and I don't know it just
gives me hope and humanity you know to
meet such a warm hired people that I
just yeah just I don't know just
passionate about what they love and also
keen to to share that so thanks guys
have you watching it was awesome hanging
out with you today and like I've said
before if any one else anywhere in the
world roughly on our route that you've
seen hopefully you've seen our ruffery
wants to yea meet up with us be
interviewed just you know hang out share
stories all of that kind of stuff please
email me below
and yeah we'll try and make it work
anyway I'm gonna crack on with my edits
I'm trying so hard to catch up because I
know it's gonna be way more enjoyable
for you guys if you're kind of watching
the map and seeing the videos from the
locations that we've just been out
rather than the week behind any one
trauma best this is the least off slept
in my life I think this helps where you
could - and these edits instead of being
two or three hours they're like five to
eight hour edits so that's why it's
difficult for me to keep on top of it
but I'm trying my best and I think we
get some pretty cool content for the
documentary the other last thing is we
are going to be flying some people out
later in the trip to help us with the
documentary shooting but it's just been
this first leg with over the Atlantic we
couldn't have an extra cameraman or any
film crew because of the restrictions on
the plane and weight and distance with
flying over sea and all that other stuff
anyway that will be coming hopefully
will ya be creating some even better
content than we have been right
I'll catch in the morning peace out
enjoy life Olivia venture
