I'm from Calgary Alberta and it's really
cold outside and I'm wearing a t-shirt
but anyways you're watching fun for
Louis enjoy good morning guys
I am back and vlogging after a great
weekend and relaxing and let my eyes
recover I need a lot I mean not a lot
but I like read a whole book yesterday
that's well I listened to Hoboken no
audio thing but it was great it's really
good and I've now come back to the laser
eye surgery place just to get another
checkup this morning I think they're
going alright they're feeling good guys
just got back from the appointment the
doctor said my vision is better than
perfect is better than twenty twenty
eight twenty ten which is twice as good
as 20/20 so like basically I got all
kite so I'm super I look then bones just
pops in yeah I've got x-ray vision oh
yeah you had a good weekend yeah nice to
be finished the road trip yeah
and get tiring afterwards you know you
ready for the Christmas chilled season
yeah definitely I am envious in your
weekend of May yeah yeah man boy boy
time to break seems like we have the
best time we do take care I can't break
take away listen good advice and bed
take a break guys this Christmas
cheers for bribe ends off me and Nick
gonna go and grab some lunch yeah we are
stopped in a sushi place lunch
it's a train to sushi going around I
only think maybe I've been to one of
these kind of places like once before
and I just grab wherever I want off the
train money
don't know what to get
the black
me and Nick have been doing a bit laptop
Club I'm now gonna go and see ang and
I'm heading to the dentist because I've
got a little chip in my teeth then it
happened and then we're gonna find
saying fun today afternoon
go your Christmas shopping okay which
way to the dentist
I can do you I've got an appointment
card for tomorrow they had a little look
and I'm gonna get filling and one of
these tapes this is cool it's cool my
teeth saw it got my I saw it in my life
saw it
whilst we're waiting for Nick to finish
his touch rugby me and ang have come
down to this place called some James's
beach and all the Despres and it's also
just behind the train and a nice little
pretty view there's some colourful
buildings which we were walking down
our war no guns spoilsport
guidance of rock pools over here and
have a little look around see with
marine life I want to find a crap
a little fish I've got to come back here
during the day look at this it's like a
swimming pool it's like a separate
section that has been separated off from
the sea people they're just like Chilean
swimming in it so cool I'm gonna go for
a little walk
hopefully I don't get soaked by the
waves
we've just arrived in this amazing Cuban
themed restaurant and Nick's just got
here but he got locked out the house
after tux rug we didn't hear it's good
it's good house talks rug we're gonna
start with some of the food here and
then Casper's waiting we're gonna hang
out from the other guys this is going to
be very excited hug hi do you guys yep
I'm hoping a few months to go and visit
Cuba though she's getting me in in the
mood
and I have just shown up yeah now we're
now in the same club yeah I mean it that
way we can be they should be the third
wheel yeah did nice being back in Cape
Town
how's England yeah I've been watching
your points I've been living through you
in bands well now you're here let the
adventures begin like another three
weeks
my dinner has arrived check out this
crazy burger I don't even know what's
top of that Wow yeah nuts we've had a
amazing evening just catching up having
a nice little chat and loving the vibes
in this awesome place I'll see you in
Cuba well it's been a great evening it's
great see Casper and it's been good
today to get back on the vlogging and
it's only three days till Christmas I'm
actually really excited even though I'm
spending my Christmas time in warm sunny
weather it's gonna be nice being with
friends and yeah looking forward to it
and I'll see you tomorrow I think I've
got a dentist's appointment and I've got
some last-minute Christmas shopping
today and some other things I think I'm
gonna come hang out with Casper again in
the afternoon all right peace out enjoy
life did the adventure
