hi my name is Claire and I live in the
US and you're watching unruly we enjoy
good morning guys
I'm taking a stroll through the town
center of Bath and I'm about to get a
coffee spot the nice little Italian cat
over here
so what cousin Steve's pick me up and I
stay and these my little second cousins
Tyler
Ruby how you go through it I haven't
seen them in years they barely recognize
me
we've ordered our lunch but it's going
to take about an hour for us to wait for
it so we're taking a stroll down to this
toll bridge showing the girls the troll
that lives under the bridge
Steve tell us about these flowers they
see their seed pot man not that one no
this one it's like oh he's ready to go
he's really yeah it's exploded he's
ready to go he's ready to go there's
like popcorn
look Wow they'll win guys almost
finished my ginger beer and realize I
shouldn't be drinking this is a fizzy
sugary drink
I failed after one day of trying not to
do it and I just forgot I totally forgot
I need to get in the habit thinking I
can't drink sugary fizzy drinks what a
fail
don't tell Nichkhun and I can tell you
girls are my relatives
this tree is definitely not strong
enough for me to climb on you can climb
it for me yes Ruby
you're so high up Ruby I got excited
guys and I climbed to the top of a tree
break up hey dinner has a rise guys look
at this rose look at this rose
I like this delicious so many chips
you're gonna eat all of those a bucket
of chips true but these are commuters
got my latte oh yeah you mixed it all in
now that's good gonna try the Fineman
the top as well you know you can have
something like how does that face things
like coffee were you making ila what's
no idea what you call that the coke
float Cheers
let me change it so we are now gonna go
and visit my rebuttal in the showers
Steve sister she lives on a houseboat
I wish where we going that's if you
leave the way Steve she lives on a
houseboat and I haven't seen her or a
new little baby brother
let's go meet captain brother to see the
Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz wow I
was cold
hey Chazz I haven't seen you in ages I
love your house this robe is all the
cousins together yeah show me at all
this is a this is the bathroom oh that
is a cool thing this this bed falls down
and then this is the little generator
for electricity and there's duck
he's nibbling my finger we all think
yeah what I got crazy they're going
crazy
oh thanks chefs yeah I think it was the
girls are practicing platting my hair
that's your first-ever plaque that's
okay ion's it look it's looking good
you're looking good you can splat all my
whole hair everyone well yes that would
be very fun yeah I've seen it you're
even getting upset
I could definitely live in a houseboat
it's amazing
awesome solar power
fill up the water tank he needs a house
you got boat lifts out the shop girl
where you taking us
this aqueduct bridge is amazing we just
look at all the little carvings in the
wall to this 1875 look up here 1815
that's amazing 1815 original graffiti
we're just rocking this floating
platform rockin Robin you should not
swing in that race wing you'll get so
wet hahahahaha
alright waiting what happened the route
broke must've picked on the dead branch
wait what so I just asked Google how I'm
related and apparently Ruby Isla and
Robin are my first cousins once removed
cousins won first cousins runs for me
and then these guys my first cousins
Steven shared enough religion shares and
Robin we also figured out I haven't seen
shares in exactly two years or so
wedding two years ago today that
anniversary say but really well I'm
traveling too much I need to spend more
time visiting my family
this is really nice push as fiberbed
come on yeah come on then jump um yeah
how do you fit through there steep seems
guy
oh it's good it's coming Thalia
bye girls
that was such an amazing day guys me and
Steve used to be like so close remember
kids I think actually Steven me probably
were the beginning of my adventures
really as a young kid we used to camp
out in the woods and dress up in army
gear and stuff so it's uh it's great to
spend time with them we haven't really
hung out like that in a long time it's
great to hang out with his kids as well
Ruby and Isla oh hello family where we
headed now guys I've no idea where are
we going
I actually I'm the I'm actually the
world with the map we're going to
someone's house for dinner
to healthy laughing yeah water great
love water dinnertime chicken vindaloo
what puns oven something yeah chicken
rising base so we come back from dinner
and now we're taking our bags to a new
apartment and I wasn't even sure if I
was gonna stay another night here but it
turns out I am and we're gonna get head
there and now get into our pajamas and
get ready for movie night slumber party
yeah well it's now the early hours of
morning we had an awesome movie night we
set my laptop up this TV we made a
little nest and everyone's got to bed
now but for me I'm up doing some editing
and just reflecting over the day it's
just being lovely and so nice to spend
time with family that I never ever see
and tomorrow we are having a bit of a
day in the town seeing a bit more of
bath seeing some sites and catch it in
peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
