hi I'm from Mexico and you're watching
fun for Louis enjoy good morning guys I
am on my way to the dentist I haven't
been in an extremely long time and got
feeling I'm gonna need a little bit of
work I know they can do it today they
might book another appointment well guys
my dentists is not happy do you know
what she said she said I'm not allowed
to drink any anything physic including
sparkling water apparently anything
carbonated erodes your teeth um that's
crazy
she's like yet drink as much coffee as
you want can't drink any fizzy drinks or
fruit juice she said it's bad as well
such as I could drink water pill coffee
and tea that's basic here
so that's it dealt with now I am heading
into London as usual
I'm sure I should just live in London I
literally communion every day but he has
assured edge again hanging out with Nick
and ang and then I think I've got me a
m-- and then I don't really know what
dis arrived at Shoreditch and Nick and
Anja heading over on the duck in here
and grab a coffee was away
we've left nick having a coffee at the
moment and mirin and to turn over to
have a meeting a shortage house which is
this Loggins week
okay guys I haven't vlogged us eight
hours and I'm there's no excuse but that
I'm going to try making this noose
basically finish my meeting and Nick and
Ange left and then I bumped into an old
friend I haven't seen in five years not
Jack he's a new apprentice in five years
we had a little cat shark there's some
other guys then I got distracted started
editing anyway let no more excuses I'm
now blogging I'm still at this cool
place Shoreditch Mouse I'll try and show
you around why shouldn't filming when I
actually have filming but anyway then I
bumped into Jack who just randomly was
just sitting down next to my new friends
at night but you said to me earlier you
saw our blog today blogging so I'm
giving up loaded on them how you doin
jack I'm pretty good we're on a rooftop
in
and I was sat here with a friend well
imagine friends Adrian you guys know a
bit and we were having a chat and then I
was like who is this man with dreadlocks
walking around who let you in looks
familiar and turned out to be news
so we're catching up we are I think it
was actually meant to be I know we met
the other night I was like I hope it
isn't it's not like another six months
ago it's like two days and we're trying
to plan a fun video next week Ashley
guys have you got any cool ideas of
something creative me and Jack to film
next week
comment below we're thinking maybe like
longboarding somewhere do you know any
cool places we could explore that we
wouldn't get in too much trouble like
I'm thinking an abandoned place where we
wouldn't get like it's not illegal so
you know that gonna by last night
really
so after an amazingly long night deep
conversations we're strolling back to my
car and I just say to Jack and Adrian by
page 16 pounds parking today but but for
an hour and a half it wasn't paid for
yes and I was hoping there would be a
parking ticket and there isn't thank you
I win that lights yes
I did pay a lot of money so I was hoping
it would be
all right these guys are off peace out
see some the street those exactly I say
yeah that's it peace on the streets
well one unexpected night I arrived here
today at 2:30 for a meeting I definitely
didn't imagine that 12 hours later I'd
be leaving yeah I mean Wow Wow
like very very cool evening there guys
and Jack and me were saying it's a shame
in a way that I can't just flog our
hours of conversation because we had
like honestly fascinating conversations
about life and YouTube and what
directions were going in and everything
but sometimes you just need those times
a nice particularly day because I'm
vlogging like literally my whole day
sometimes it's it's moments like these
or date you know afternoons like this
that I just I really value because
because I'm always on the go and I'm
kind of running around doing stuff it
doesn't make much room for these deep
connections with people and long deep
conversations which I'm I'm a deep
person you might be probably gathered
that I cherish these moments so I
stopped loving now but that's that's
basically how I felt about tonight
so now to explain my current predicament
is it is 2 a.m. maybe 2:30 and I have
agreed tonight to go to bath with Nik
lunch barf is a city in the West of
England by the way not like a bubble
bath I've agreed to go with them
tomorrow and there's some cool people
they want me to meet some of their
friends also my cousins live over there
I thought why not go to bath the weekend
they need to leave at 6 a.m.
that's literally in a couple of hours it
doesn't leave me any time to edit my
vlog and sleep now I often neglect sleep
in my life and it doesn't have the best
consequences I get sleep-deprived I get
ill you know me you see you
sleep-deprived guys don't know why I do
this myself but I just can't miss out on
you know I'd rather have a good chat and
capture it with Jack tonight and go in
the morning and just just miss sleep and
just have to like stuff at the
consequence I'm always going to do that
I know why I don't value as highly as I
should maybe I'm just stupid
maybe that is literally
well Benny what I have to do is drive
drive by Dan sorry grab some a change of
clothes camera battery charges and then
drive back into London probably and I
think I'm going to sleep in the back of
Rodney and then and then Nick enough -
can I come away Billy I don't know maybe
that right just grabbed all my duvets
and stuff come the changes the clothes
I'm now heading back into London because
I decided to sleep up there for like an
hour or two before we have to head off
makes no sense and also potentially Nick
Drive the first shift I'd get before
sleep I found the cheeky little place to
park it's like four maybe even four
three maybe
yeah like fourth a on this seat for like
an hour and a half and then pick up Nick
and ang and warheads on the way to bath
Oh crazy let's see there peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
