guys very very very early and me and Zoe
are heading off to London
dodge it quite bad traffic so it might
be a tiny bit later I can't show you
this but my camera's coated season
we're making Bella good time dice we're
still 45 minutes away
we're at the dark the crossing for some
reason that stops all the barriers and
everyone's just waiting even though
there's green lights I'm not sure why
and Zoey's very late I'm sorry
barriers it won't open for no reason
yeah I know I was going on so I'm waking
up a little bit Red Bull guys we've
finally arrived in London as a long
drive and we are late but I think the
thing that matters to most is it Zoe it
was not felt but we had a you know the
nice thing that we the traffic and stuff
and the long journey meant that we had a
lovely catch up to check we could chat
the whole way so we don't often get a
chance to because it's like always so
rushed we either like hanging out at
like events or like weather with a bunch
of people but it's nice we have some
nice very leery time
my city so it's 10:30 in session an
amazing year they stopped for me in
London I've got a ton of meeting today
but I try and take you guys around with
me
maybe me a few people starting off they
lead and chat about some cool things
this particular publisher who dares
challenge myself
so I finished my first meeting in the
day and now I need to head across London
and the fastest way according to Google
Maps is to cycle so printed off my local
code about to jump and about his bike
no it's a lovely cycle right it really
gets your blood pumping quite enjoy
cycling has a means of transport my next
meeting is a lunch meeting at a place
called meet the cure looking forward to
this so I've just finished lunch for my
friend Sam and he just showed me this
that he's made this is sick he's a
graffiti artist and he's made this
stencil from my profile picture and I
think it's incredible broy this is
incredible man and I think I'm gonna go
up and visit in Manchester he's gonna
give me some little teach me some
graffiti skills spray things skills how
sick is that like thanks man no problem
at any time well just grab the neighbor
to place for granary square in Kings
Cross
I'm here with my friend Emma and this is
her baby jack
Hayden Jack and Jack wants to be YouTube
star if you can see what I go and check
out Emma's channel she's relatively new
to YouTube but she's just documenting
her life as a month and the adventure
she has as a month and I'll link that
below I'm gonna be hanging out with Emma
I'm not traveling you got good I'd say
that taxi out I see
I'm rushing all over London today are
now back in Soho and I'm walking over to
this pretty exciting like I don't really
know what it is it's like a thing that
Mike's putting on I got an invite me and
Steve I guess with luck trying on
clothes or shoes or something I don't
really know it's kind of Steve field of
expertise
I'm just trying to find it I'm half an
hour late oh you stuck behind the lasers
from lasers man
but I will later stage you know what
this is you don't know what this is cool
okay I think I figured out what's going
on here basically we're gonna get give
it some clothes and they get a
customized in like so in little labels
and tailor the clothes and this is nice
new range called the tech pack can you
see this order okay guys
29:38 semana coming it seems got the
black Doyle I chose the great walk nice
man that blue one was cool but these
guys said it was about all right toilets
they love this so good so happy this is
the little label I got sent with my
invite in the post and I think they're
going to sew it into my jacket
hey Steve we're getting your side yeah I
can't get over these laser trip wire
walls I desperately want from when I
eventually have a house I'm gonna have
laser tripwires in my house it's so cool
so futuristic
we didn't fight you see that's pretty
cool event I mean Steve now don't feel
it wonder we just wanna relax because we
both like quite busy days doing a
relaxed beef I so badly want to relax
I've been rushing around London all day
I just need a cold ray just chill for a
little bit I've actually feel like I've
had too much coffee today for me to just
on board a lot I can't do any more
comfort we found a cheeky little cafe
outside and I put my laptop on and we're
watching the live all product launch
stream and we're gonna find out all
about the iPhone 6 which we've launched
tonight
this is exciting right this is the new
iPhone 6 got some different sizes here
and you're getting up the big one I do
get a big guy it's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus wait I want to get the iPhone 6
plus
yeah you probably will get that big guy
look at these round again man
he's got the round edge is so good look
how big is a massive bow 128 gig model
and shipping on the 19th of September 10
days thing was pretty exciting I'm gonna
get an iPhone 6 you've gotta really
everything he's going to get watch I'm
getting them all I'm not getting that
watch thing I'm not really into that
right but right now even more exciting
than Apple hearing Steve have found a
massage place nearby
and we're gonna go get massage Samir's
is getting one hour Thai massage I
really need this I've just I've been
running around a lot today
I needed this for weeks
I don't get up guys I feel like a
million dollars but how good was that
song so relax nice we got back to Rodney
and now heading back down to sorry
some new clothes and a massage sorting a
lot of admin out I need to get the heat
on though it's a bit chilly tonight it's
chilly tonight in their combat Steves
we picked up a little cheeky Chinese on
the way home because we still got hungry
and got a little bit worked these before
handing off to Mexico in the morning
help you a little bit to bear the
surprise but although I'll let you know
all about it soon right I'm off see in a
week Steve thanks bye bye it's 2 a.m.
I've just left Steve's we've been
working on this secret project and I'm
gonna head home I feel like I'm not
gonna sleep tonight I've got so much to
do before Mexico though I have managed
to get royalty and
haven't even started thinking about
packing yet I'm leaving in five hours to
the airport I always do this I can sleep
when of me Mexico
everybody plans for the first day so
it's now 4 a.m. I'm trying to get some
bits of work finished off but I'm kind
of falling asleep sitting at my computer
obviously charging up everything I
possibly can
my shaver vlogging camera batteries
GoPro various cameras I've got what else
that Wi-Fi box in case I need that my
new phone charging device basically
super prepares I think I'm going to
sleep for a couple of hours and then get
all my things together and yeah Ben's
gonna pick me up all right I'll see you
guys there makes it go baby
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure babe
