hi my name is Tyler Skye and you are
watching fun fluey enjoy all right I've
had a very relaxed today so far guys but
I'm now heading to find internet because
I've already used up my 20 gig on my
phone because we've all been tethering
from it so yeah and it's going get that
topped up and I need to upload a vlog
it's another lovely day in Cape Town
all right nick has stayed at home and me
and ang are walking to the boat and then
I think we find a nice little coffee
shop to upload from
probably chopped up the data we're just
walking around trying to find fast spot
for Internet this doesn't seem to that
it's a bit slow to make up
finally found a good spot to upload and
we also got some lunch I got some
chicken for here is how you did today
and which is yes the children today
we've got all our stuff done and we're
now grabbing an uber to go and check out
a cool Memorial nearby I forgot to say
we were borrowing Nick and Andrew
borrowing a car which they haven't got
any more so you're gonna have to Ebury
around also I had to drop my vlogging
camera to get repaired today so I'm
using Nick's camera for the meantime
hopefully this isn't too bad quality I
think it's better than my last
camera I'm also hoping they fix it it's
full of sand from that nuts day we had
yesterday
guys we've arrived at Rhoads Memorial
and there's an amazing view I guess city
from here this is all simple Table
Mountain National Park
I'm gonna get in the other line over
here oh I liked what those guys are
doing oh just chilling in there in the
arms relaxing this is so showed up there
guys apparently this place is amazing at
sunrise so we may come back one day
early
back across a bit we do some different
exercises today we're doing some walking
lunges to start with
you always
Oh
skipping time
well that session is over
I am I was getting there with the wall
handstand push-ups I want to try and do
those freestanding at one point but I
missed out on the skipping and squat
kind of work out the end because I've
got really tight muscles in my lower
back and I was just chatting to the
instructor and basically they're like
muscles I didn't even know I had and
it's because I'm working muscles over
the last weeks I have never worked
before so it's kind of a new sensation
but I'm enjoying getting a bit of little
bit fitness in every day or every other
day it's giving me a lot more energy in
general I think it's good
yeah you've been doing your workout neck
yeah yeah cool so now it's gonna be a
productive night I'm editing some vlogs
Nick still working out and just cooking
dinner what you cooking and yeah
this is the kind of easy to be
productive safe
these guys have been wrestling for two
hours to open these cans with this
broken Kelly okay you don't need Jim
when you got this yeah good job
and then what's over here we've got some
mincemeat cooking hey this makes you
look better you just gotta learn it
flick it and I'm gonna leave managed to
show you some other stuff she's doing it
wasn't finished editing this is all
pretty exciting I can only tell you this
okay hi guys so the boys are working a
new he is it saying so I'm making
spaghetti bolognese with mince and lots
and lots of it it's really ready because
we've been out the whole day it's like
almost 10 o'clock so it's really bad
time to be eating but you do what you
gotta do
here's my mince that I am frying up and
here's a bit of the veg trying to get
loads of greens on there carrots and
onions I'm using these really cool cheap
things they've like jam-packed with
spices and tomahto the other cheap thing
that I'm doing
I am putting in excess of chickpeas and
a ton of lentils to bulk up the meds
because when you're feeling two boys
they eat so much Louie and Nick just eat
you need so you kind of put in these
lentils and chickpeas which are full of
protein and bulking up so if you can't
afford mints then you just put this in
so that's the plan and hopefully it'll
feed them for it to hear to strike me a
little bit skin this is not coming off
and I know they're probably a million
turks on hands is not cry when cutting
the news but I seem to always cry
okay so they finish the mince I made a
mess of pottage it should be about that
people maybe just make it available -
there it is that looks really really
yummy look at this amazing meal that
just cooked Thank You Alice it's
incredible also you'll have to teach me
to cook sometimes awesome here well it's
been a super show day guys and it's time
for bed
I've got some exciting news but I can't
tell you yet hopefully I can totem or oh
but until then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
