good morning guys today we have headed
out of Reykjavik in Iceland if you
didn't know we we flew in from Greenland
this is one of the stops on our world
tour and we are lucky enough to go out
on a bit of an adventure today with
South Coast adventures they're gonna
take us into the highlands of Iceland
and we're actually going onto the top of
a glacier on the volcano that erupted
back in 2010 I think it was anyway if
we're going out in this monster of a
Jeep check this out Louie okay
nice to meet you
okay it's pretty bumping in the back
here guys but we started together quite
fun little steep parts of the track by
state track it's not really even a track
here we're completely operated but they
felt big some of this the rock some of
this drive it straight over
thankfully the the tires you can deflate
and inflate they're like Mike's going
into them and then all this time to cool
but anyway they're down there like five
psi right out there almost flat which
means believe crews over stuff is
helping with a suspension not damaging
the tire too badly
oh yeah the first glimpse of the ice and
snow
alright guys this isn't a glazier yet
but this is some snow from the winter
still sitting on this is like nice to be
slave up and then we just like hitting a
solid wall of rock
guys you'll never believe this but we
actually actually burst a tire it came
off wait oh but we're a crazy angle the
horizon is actually right the
horizontally here this is the actual
angle that the whole vehicle
this is uh this is pretty serious guys
look at that
you might have might be stranded out
here this is actually crazy
quite a beautiful place to get stranded
though
so this this is very rare is it in the
winter before on this this is quite a
sight do you think there's some big
punches in that or not
no it just came clean off the room it
wasn't like it was a sign love it that's
all that here you can see in the footage
just keep driving Rock right whoa he
doesn't
I bet it's also big rock oh how we
should be okay if we
this is what the tires are supposed to
look like and this is what this tire
currently looks like
guys we've gone into survival situation
here we've run out of water we're
stranded
JP's scooping up ice into the bottle so
he can have something to drink I'm just
gonna have to eat the ice mess standing
on top of this rock to try and get phone
reception so what you're doing here
so what we're trying to do now is
squeeze the tire from other side so it
makes a rough feel and as it builds our
there it will pop on
yeah
yeah
oh that's weak pop color a sweet spot
coming
alright the tire has been inflated that
was a big mission what would have you
done in this situation desi I would have
immediately put rocks under the diff so
that there is a tie down there which
she's using to keep those suspensions
compressed I wouldn't just put rocks
underneath there to be able to use the
tie down and then just put it around the
tire and squeeze it while it was on the
car and I would have been like maybe 20
well the tire is finally back on took a
little while to get sorted better I
think we're ready to continue our
journey up to the top of the volcano I
just hope it hasn't weakened the tire
and made it more vulnerable we have just
driven onto the glacier
it's amazing to think that this entire
sheet of ice is just slowly drifting and
moving and eroding all the rocks beneath
it as well and then all this ash here
this is from seven years ago is it yeah
it did a net how long was the where the
flights grounded now we have to be
careful on the way down because this is
all really loose and we don't have
dislodge and start a landslide
guys look how much gravel is in my
that's pretty amazing a lot of fun oh my
gosh what a mission guys this kid I put
in my shoe just to show you how small it
is they falling asleep in my shoe hey
buddy
that is amazing
literally sitting in my hand because I
needed okay doing a standard add to your
right a little bit well I've just
finished a pretty cool interview with
helgi our driver he lives in this
amazing van look at this view look what
he lives next day and he's just been
sharing a little bit about his passions
and why he enjoys driving so much they
good
so we've just arrived at this beautiful
little Canyon called noite husam Gil I
think that's how you pronounce it
Icelandic very hard to pronounce anyway
this is one of the most picturesque
spots nice and apparently they're on
there on the south coast it's been an
amazing day so far I can't believe the
difference between being on top of the
glacier and then this is almost like I
don't know this does not maybe think of
Iceland right now it's always feels
tropical in there
go to the end and there's this epic
waterfall
oh my god
we are back in Reykjavik after an
absolutely amazing day yeah I really
enjoyed that Jeep ride up the of the
mountain of the volcano even though we
had a bit of mechanical problems with
the wheel full enough yeah it was still
a great day we are now going out for
Simba food I'm pretty hungry
check check check check check Mike check
Santa's good when have you felt the most
loneliest in your life when how I felt
the most loneliest in life
Wow each winter doing January
there's a certain pressure in society to
be somebody to to go through college to
get a good job you have to have good
money and you have to you have to have
this social status guys we just finished
a cool interview and our scare if you
don't know I was give sort this out last
time when I was here in Iceland
we're like Dave and all the boys my
birthday trip and he's sorting us out
again today helps organize the whole
tour that we went on the Jeep of the
volcano all that stuff and he also has a
YouTube channel really inspiring videos
if you're looking to travel here he's
got tons of chorus and he's like cover
different spots across the country so
head over to his channel subscribe to
him check out his videos I'm loving it
bro and thanks okay guys interviews and
stuff are over someone I haven't
introduced you to yet is Benjamin
Hardman we've been chatting like back
and forth little bit Instagram he lives
out here originally from Australia but
we were chatting last year trying to
meet up
you may recognize him from recent vlog
Steve's done and when Steven Ben came
out to Iceland two years he loved it
anyway
epic Instagram our photographer and I
just met a bunch of the guys it's been
on your photography course been running
this week up out in the wilderness like
camping out then loads of cool stuff I
was actually really jealous and you have
to give me some photo tips at some point
bro maybe if I'm sure after all this
hectic world fly maybe I'll come and
chill a little bit I Steve just did just
got a little cheeky coffee both of us
have got a long night of work ahead on
do some vlogging it's back at our place
and Benjamin's doing is we do
photography fashion shoot
yeah in Icelandic scope yeah we are back
out of had
it's all a bit of mess cuz I was like
we're just gonna organize everything to
leave tomorrow trying to charge
everything up we have got a departure
time planned for 11:00 a.m. and then the
plan is we're going to be flying to the
UK tomorrow to arrive in the late
afternoon and this is another big ocean
crossing so we need to prepare
everything we can and yeah I'm pumped
I'm excited I think we had a pretty epic
day and yeah okay in the morning peace
out
enjoy life and live the adventure babe
