good morning guys
I'm on my way to the train stations if
you got my friend Sylvia and she's gonna
come and meet in my dreads up for me she
has dreads and evening skills some of
you have seen her like just before I
went off my last travels she helps me
out for a little bit she might trim my
direct as well I need to give a bit
shorter they're getting quite a quite a
lot all right we're back and we're in
the garden this is where Sylvia's gonna
meet my dreads help me out I think we're
gonna cut them first and then you can
see the progress as we get
it looks like little animals or
something now we've cut the dread swift
move inside what's the plan with this
one I don't know how to explain it
yeah this one is like so close to
falling out and need strengthening but
getting there guys
Sylvie's done this side we don't know
whether we're gonna get it all done
before we have to head up to London cuz
Alfie's book launch at 5:00 p.m. but
we've just decided I think we're gonna
try and finish it after like later in
the evening so it's all gonna work out
okay just carry on oh we haven't quite
finished guys but I need my dreads are
looking and short as well that's crazy
and we're gonna finish later but in the
meantime we're gonna jump in Rodney and
drive up to London and I'm just
rendering my vlog as well and he's still
upload that kind of rushed I've dropped
Silvia off and so you see some friends
and I'm wandering down to find Alfie in
the gang this book launch I'm an hour
late the truffle is horrendous guys
come to see me I've been looking for the
Amazon reviews I just want to read this
review it says the most amazing thing
ever
I absolutely love this book it is so
much fun I love the fact that unlike
other books you actually have activities
here and have a part of play in the
finishing hole book this book absolutely
deserves fiestar's
especially because of the app with it I
love that you can see how after yourself
answer the questions the review is
well-deserved and I am very proud of how
far LT has come so everybody raise a
glass or healthy and how you doing happy
yeah yeah how you doing Steve yeah nigga
I'm good man I'm happy I just need spice
it to eat where for food bar they tiny
tiny bits and be back 20 long ok let's
go find the food don't stay with you man
cheers Cheers I need to stir this and
stir this in a bit ginger beer yes
and we're now heading out for dinner
these glass so this is Harry and all I
know about him pretty much tonight is
that he owns this car is a chrome Range
Rover 1009
Kalam's kneepad he's a sick view so
we've driven to Stratford which is where
Callan lives and it just so happened
that Sylvia's was in the area and she
can she's come over so you gonna finish
the dress that she started earlier today
say I'm happy we just need to get some
food now I'm making a massive loom band
the train station simply is pretty much
for deficit yeah
citrate so I feel like fried new pasture
cool right just got back perfect I mean
the boys go back as well with the food
I'm so hungry
is there enough food for everyone yeah a
whole extra hot chicken I'm so excited
I tell myself just because I don't wanna
get messy because big Nando's gets messy
especially when I'm excited
these guys are wet for Lebanon hair yeah
well you said about nando Steve I'm
happening I haven't even taken a bite
yet watch them bribe oh sure guys look
at that upload at this house this is
their upload what was that that's crazy
guys Yanni's get just taken into another
reality
okay I'll see you later
that's the word just going look at me
that's so sick
that's great that's about 1:30 in the
morning now I've been having a lot of
fun playing some scary games and we're
gonna head off peace thanks for letting
us hang at your pad let's roll Steve
dropping Steve back silly boy right I
can barely speak but I'm so tired
bye Darcy see ya oh yeah we picked up
the sizzle hey don't forget about why
I'm back and I'm heading straight to bed
I'm absolutely shattered guys but it's
been a great day it was great to
celebrate with Alfie face book launch
and hanging out with those guys and it's
gonna be another good day tomorrow we
celebrate my grandpa's birthday he's
recovering quite well from his stroke
and stuff from last month a lot of you
been asking how he's doing so he's uh
he's doing all right he's doing all
right all right I'll see you guys then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure boom
