drop it hello guys today you're watching
the colorful spontaneous fun flew me
thank you managed to drag myself out of
bed this morning I'm heading over to
meet with Ben and Steve G right some
coffee
we're gonna hang out
in this work
and
I'm actually looking forward to hanging
out have been a bit more because despite
the few times I've tried to meet up in
the last month or two right in between
traveling
haven't actually on a budget oh this is
sad
today okay
hello I'm going to munch on your laptop
flow yeah how you guys doing you got a
good morning so far but it's still
morning just know almost got some
porridge that looks like nice porridge
we are relocating who's that aircon is
literally pumping cold air right down
onto me and I'm freezing cold and
apparently the tape was better say that
is this a better work area oh yeah the
productive branches have been Finster
we've also got a new addition to laptop
Club laptop clubs turn into homework
love this is Hannah she's joining us
cheers Hannah hey that'd be a productive
morning bed after day
I need it having you run out of music
and it's like refreshing
hi-yah look who's around them bleep pops
into zero didn't even though he's a hit
where you guys something as usual
how's your first couple of days at
school going Darcy yeah sounds like
school all right Ben turn off for a bit
catch you later bro
yeah 5 min Steve you're heading off now
see you later guys have a nice evening
right we've been chillin at Steve's and
babies just got home ok
are you excited wait you get on my bag
we have come out to get some fresh air
because we've been cooped up all day
drinking coffee which I'm not
complaining about too much we've now
come out to get some fresh air
then I have dogs have so much energy
endless there so much energy they're all
dog species have this much energy
heading out for dinner
I am so hungry where we going Steve
stride out struck okay check out Steve's
new car that's nice now I do like your
car Steve there now has arrived and so
is Ben
we just went straight up for free
burgers and
we are now heading it's got a penny
boards penny boards and we're going to
go out skating somewhere I don't know
where right jump to me Steve
we went mental his and I picked up
Rodney and now I'm driving separately to
meet Ben Steve's driving cephalic all
three of us are driving basically which
sounds crazy but it's because afterwards
I need to head to Leatherhead which is
the opposite direction to these guys I
have arrived I just need to find Ben now
let's have a little skate around a
little
Ben was just filming and then he stacked
it a little bit on this we shouldn't get
together I'm next basic we realized I
didn't tell you guys only the last time
we did penny boards together was when I
had that horrible stack when we're in
where were we in Camden on that hill
Primrose Hill horribly stacked it and
now it's then had a little one so that's
really nothing compared to your incident
I already can't complain we're playing
with some creative shots with this
camera it's better in the in the dark as
well and you get some cool lens flares
was it like going back on the board
Steve yeah guys if you're ever near the
cotton m25 services late at night good
for anybody
cheers guys we've had enough coffee for
today go on to the soft drinks
bye see that man sorry
me and Ben have just been chillin
sitting on the floor chatting for like
an hour something just about how cool
life leads to the moment having the
first public capture we've had in like
months yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna go visit
them in Cape Town in November because
it's gonna be too cold here is it gonna
be warm and Cape Town in November it's
gonna be delightful a bit a little bit
windy but you can always come back in
March I'll be there then - can we go on
Safari
yeah we're gonna go find a line I want
to ride an elephant can you ride that
forkin elephants can ride anything you
like your Louie hope so later bro well
I'm back my parents and it has been a
very chill day today guys and often when
I'm back in my area and hanging out of
friends it tends to be a bit more
chilled but it's kind of recuperation
time for me building up to traveling
again and just sorting out admin and
also just catching up with friends so it
may just seem like a string of going out
for coffee and meals and and things but
that's just the kind of actual activity
I'm doing and it's hard to include you
guys in the full conversation of the day
don't know I've just been i felt quite
contemplative tonight just thinking
about being back home and I think it's
interesting is I'm out the country so
much that becomes normality for me like
being on the move all the time and then
when I'm back here for most people they
I guess they go on a holiday and then
they come home this is kind of home for
me but also I'm not here most of the
time it's
I feel slightly disillusioned when I'm
back because you know I feel so much
more alive when I'm out exploring the
world and I think I need to feel find a
place where I feel totally comfortable
and as alive and excited when I am back
in kind of normality you know in the
normality of the place I've grown up in
but yeah it's been good to get to
process with this stuff and chat about
things other they don't kind of rambling
but I have decided I'm gonna get an
early night tonight it's half past 1:00
I've been getting to bed at like 5:00 or
6:00 in the morning and then it's just
been screwing up my like a whole day it
really has and so I feel like if I get
to bed now I'll actually be able to get
up without feeling shattered and I'll be
able to kind of have longer days and be
able to do more things and see more
people and everything right on that like
I'm gonna sleep and don't catch you
tomorrow I'm going to alfea's book
launch in the evening and then who knows
well so also oh I'm also getting my
dreads rear twisted and neat and up by
my friend Sylvia here you may have seen
like a month ago on my vlog alright
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
