I am I slept all day and I just woke up
in time to see the sunset which was
quite beautiful and now me and Dacia
taking our wintery walk down to
Starbucks or Costa decide to do
how you doing dusty I'm all right it
really feels like winter now though
Cheers Darcy shares with the gingerbread
latte the guys are done anything seen
this but in Darcy's law say there's
little golden stars
and so cute captain Rodney and have
picked up Steve Alexia and we are
heading up to London for Zoe's book
launch which I'm really excited about
and I've dressed up Steven at Misha
would you think I'd have to look at all
right yeah I decided not to go full suit
nazia to be hit
so we've arrived and we were like an
hour late from the start I think that's
kind of fashionably late I think that's
right they much do a bit late but hope
yeah
flickering selfie fishin of laborers on
the offerings but how is it sighs
let's go
looking good Steve well here we are
Oh Casper enjoy can't see these guys in
a long time
Josefa bring from being a bit and Casper
just got back from Cape Town what like
four days ago today and then I'm heading
out tomorrow and then I just found out
he's coming out on the 28th I'm gonna
try point
yeah congratulations on launching your
bird yeah is there vailable now boy yeah
quite an exciting
thank you like it
yeah I'm getting on the plane but when I
get to Cape Town on our children you
need a child you need a chilled me - oh
yes check that out guys check out his
two little cupcakes
you guys you act like adidas how some
kinda walk
hi guys I'm here with Marcus with Justin
they're encouraged
he's got the Sony equivalent of this
come from and we just basically break
something carry this but it's basically
just as much of a brick yeah we don't
know we don't know weeks we'll split up
what do you think Steve you're gonna get
one you're gonna get breaking I'm kind
of loyal to cannon
20 amazing did you guys have a good
night
I know I was just testing how
comfortable this pillow is I'm sad I
didn't get one I got one for asking my
sister as well
oh he just ducked in zzs off we got a
bunch of pizzas do enough pieces there
Alfie
but lift the pot a Alfie and Zoe hit it
off I'm still here as Steve and Alexia
we are tucking in to this pizza oh so
hungry man lovely I'm so hungry
fun night out from Steve banks hey
Claude see you see you end of the month
just around Christmastime when I go back
from South Africa sweet man
was a flight enjoy it thank you man yeah
hmm well that was an awesome day it was
so good to celebrate with Zoey tonight
for a book launch guys check it out if
you haven't ordered one already
I'm gonna take my copy to South Africa
give it a little read I'm gonna try and
get it to reading nothing that's a new
thing for me
but yeah it's to the airport in the
morning I think I'm gonna go over and
see Dave first for a cheeky little
coffee but also I should probably pack
it's quite late I can pack in the
morning I think it's pretty chilled
don't really need much cool all right
I'm all right
Cape Town let's do this peace out enjoy
life live the adventure
