hi I'm Mia and I never asked and we are
from Holland the recurrently in Spain
and you are watching film for do we
enjoy enjoy well it's just gone 6:00 in
the morning and I survived a night in
the jungle it's actually pretty good
and we're now heading back for some
breakfast
back at the jungle lodge how did you
sleep that I think I slept a little bit
by the way that was a wake a lot as well
trying to find the comfortable as a
physician it exists and apparently I
snored got some people up go get all the
weeds of the propeller
apparently the howler monkey is pretty
but we can't see
we've run up petrol try this some sort
of something attacking this fire yet
what other six breakfast time
well we grabbed a bit breakfast and the
coffee now we're heading straight back
out again we've got a spear with us as
well today there's some spearfishing hit
we're caught in a screwed trying to find
fish to spit
this is one of the bird calls
unsuccessful spearfishing unfortunate
it's still quite interesting they like
just weaving in and out trees and Arab
world we're going to find some monkeys
all right I think it's time for a little
nap because we're heading off in a few
hours and we've got a late night flight
tonight so I didn't get much sleep
tonight
lunch time check that out well it's a
sad day today guys we're leaving the
jungle Lodge actually would love to stay
longer I'm definitely going to come back
here and you guys ever get a chance
check this place out
it's incredible I'll actually link um
details below you've got try come in
by
so the back of the main Amazon River and
we're about to cross over to Manaus and
I'm quite excited MCUs we're about to
get internet again as soon as we cross
over I think they'll be enough 3G signal
it's an Internet
right back alright guys we are back at
the house thing that we're staying in
tonight until we go to the airport and
I'm so happy we have internet I'm just
catching up with life this is Steve's
latest video just checking this out
we're eating chocolate cookies life is
good guys
life is good so we spent a few hours on
the Internet
and now we're heading out for dinner boo
Sean and Tanya and we're taking a wonder
this is this amazing round they're so
cool
the shame relieved them announce tonight
just walked into this restaurant they
parked their car in the restaurant
that's where the garage is just
reversing their Heat lead wisely off the
street
just popping in the restaurants
dinner has arrived that's quite big fish
what's on fish in this that would be
tambaqui this is a tambaqui we had a
lovely meal and we got a free shot of
coffee and and cinnamon tea and now
we're going to stroll back as here we
can find worse day well it's been a very
relaxed evening
I think it's been just recovering from
incredible but tiring jungle experience
so we're getting a really early night
because we've got to get up at 2:30 a.m.
we were contemplating staying up till
then but we're going to try and get like
four hours sleep to catch a flight back
down to Rio so I'm gonna sign out here
guys and catch you tomorrow
peace out enjoy life live the adventure
