I'm Brooke and you're watching good
morning guys
today we are heading over to meet some
natives in the local area we're jumping
on the boat now going I just got bitten
by fire and this stuff feels like a wasp
sting it's breathe that's tiny as well
it's absolutely tiny but they are very
strong stick
Wow really we've arrived with the
family's house and we're visiting today
this is how the natives live in the
jungle this is the local chili sauce
apparently too creepy
another little shot of it yes Wow
I hope you stay Wow
wait in there yes we're making the she
bet please on this burning in your mouth
mixing funny with it this is the how
many in the tummy only 5 5 triggers and
the mother
what is that anaconda our boat driver
this caught an anaconda how big can this
grow they can grow up to 12 meters but
it's not strangle your neck yeah Wow
it's a club that they hook below the
water
Oh Martian air what and when they bite
you they pull you down in the water and
then they strangle you I never see you I
never knew they had a little claw in
them that they drowned you like that
they hook below the water
watch out puppy you don't get eaten by
the Anaconda hey Dad Ola Mae hey ha ha
so anaconda was a lonely college I feel
like our league on this case that girl
reporter caballo give us Piazza oh yeah
by this Piazza della yeah
she feels strong yeah well it's really
monthly really what's the solid muscle
this is crazy
anacondas are very strong like really
really tense muscles and I can just
constrict around things and strangle him
it's really rare to find out in condos
as well hey did he get out of there
oh you can cook such a big meal here
this is a turtle shell its massive I do
like my hat so we're just being shining
how to process cassava roots see this
this spit pushed it down and all the
good stuff start with what we built in
this other box me and Arcia native
Amazonian people now
this is the mouth of a crocodile but
this little anteater and it smells
really smells good what a favor here
it's the largest freshwater scale fish
Danis taken mine
what's it good finger finger hi try some
Ingrid so here we have an English when
you open it it's got these white fleshy
fruits yeah which you can eat the flesh
up this is a whole field of manioc and
this is what they'll be processing with
that machinery we were looking at
earlier Wow and that's how Brazil nuts
ago so as you saw this family although
they're native to this area they're not
living like old-fashioned traditional
and their house they got electricity and
stuff I think there's less and less
people especially in this area that are
living traditionally
all right lunchtime and we're tasting
some of the foreigners that we caught
yesterday look at those teeth
even after I've been cooked they still
ready to get crazy so this is doing my
piranha I caught yesterday tastes like
how you gonna tackle this stuff well I'm
just gonna be very native about this hmm
yeah I'm on the top fin you're at the
top in the bone
okay - toasty we're now off on the
biggest part of our adventure yet we are
staying out overnight in the jungle
we're going to put some hammocks and
have a little fire and stuff it's gonna
be nuts
let's top it up at the jungle bar to get
some snacks and some drinks is awesome
cheers Darcy
the one night we choose to actually go
out and sleep in the jungle looks like
it's going to rain just arrived at where
we're staying but it's also just started
raining from quickly hurry up and get
this blue toppling up so we can stay dry
that was quick we got to the campground
they're quickly putting up this top
go go
don't it's tight
wait we've done it hello are you excited
to spend a night in the jungle Darcy
worn out without training yeah one thing
secure that the tree-ring so we're going
to be stringing all the hammocks up
between these two branches protection
from the mosquitos going to test my
hammock mosquitoes can't get me in here
I can see one haha you can't get me I
need to go buy some firewood cook or
dinner is that don't wander too far you
know this jank you is in the Amazon
that's so much firewood
shelters up or dinners cooking and we're
just going to chill out for a little bit
how's the chicken doing it's good good
good they just got these leaves out the
jungle and these are going to be our
plates for a dinner dip you're right and
put it inside there there's a cool plate
you can take a piece of the chicken
stock it down and you can be fun to
cheese awesome fun
Bon Appetit I love party so much
Brazilian one that is a crazy-looking
spider we're trying to play cards by
candlelight
catchin the guys it's just started
raining again we're gonna head into our
model little camp and stay dry right
we're in our hammocks and go early start
tomorrow 6 a.m.
hopefully and then get rained on peace
out enjoy life
pity adventure
