oh hi my name is Emma trees I live in
Greece and you are watching one for
Louie boom good morning guys I am
heading up to London to see my friend
Andy I've just seen - Tosh it's a good
thing you completely forget about and
then you see yourself and you laugh yeah
ridiculous
if you didn't see yesterday's vlog Steve
sculpting my facial hair and you go
check it out is funny something else is
funny guys or maybe not so funny is you
know how its dickless Lisa gets lovely
in this weight like or this lost the
weight lose my penny board leave my
laptop on the plane somehow now I've
misplaced my wallet and I literally
thought fine anywhere
I think it's a combination of just being
very tired and exhausted mean done kind
of lapse in concentration a lot of you
probably think I'm wildly irresponsible
and
stupid and forgetful in stuff by I I
genuinely like retrace my steps
I just cannot figure out where I pee
must've just like fallen out a pocket
somewhere so that sucks massively
hopefully I can find out
I'm here with Andy you guys remember
Andy last I've ever hanging out he was
just about to launch the feel-good
bakery so he's just gonna tell us how
that's coming along how's it coming
along and it's it's incredible yeah last
time we can give a little recap what is
it again people that I play in running
regenerate 15 years different community
projects but time and again life young
people come to us and say we'll want to
get out of selling drugs I want to get
out of crime what can I do I can't even
get a job so we've been shy and dreaming
and thinking what a caddy Surrey thought
let's create something to create
employment as well as support mentoring
looking at people's goals and dreams and
I so we came up with the film bakery so
making amazing sandwiches that we're
going to deliver offices in cafes across
London hopefully supermarkets as well
soon and yeah we just started this
summer four or five people in kind
making sandwiches making really good
sandwiches in here this is a new kitchen
we built yeah this was about to be built
when I last was chatting to ambien is
this about to launch so it's amazing to
be here and see it all cut up and money
so you've got the ovens and that to make
the sandwiches along there and then they
package that
as exciting about this bakery some of
you might have seen Louise logs before
we went to Africa Kenya Romania
basically for every sandwich the lands
that we taken on make put in these
packages who sell them every single sale
we match it by providing a hot cooked
meal for a child in the Kenya program
this is in the package Romania programs
one tasty sandwich ba one meal for a
child in need it's exciting so so far
since we started 10,000 kids meals
that's awesome and hopefully I'll get to
visit some of the feeding programs some
other stuff that's happening this year
or so it's exciting and it is cold no
one's working at the moment because
obviously it's late afternoon now and
they get up super early I wasn't in the
come here at like 6:00 in the morning
was that said that maybe one day I'll do
that and maybe I can have a little go at
Lincoln Sanders but if any of you know
anywhere in London that needs sandwiches
supplied maybe your parents work in
offices and can get us an in for some of
the sandwiches to be supplied there it's
supporting a great cause and they're
incredible I had all those sandwiches
just now amazing like what the sandwich
that sandwiches are like top great
instant which is like better than some
of their high quality sandwiches so
these great ingredients great stuff and
with the ladies to designer sandwiches
for Marks and Spencers originally is our
sandwich technician no that sounds very
fancy
technician and yeah we just might really
cut use that real high-quality stuff
sick awesome yeah right just left Andy
I'm refueling Rodney and I'm gonna go up
and hang out with my sisters for the
evening in London we're gonna grab some
dinner it's gonna be lovely
so on my way into London to see Hillary
and Darcy I thought I'd see the respect
sabers I could pop into you because
these are getting really irritating now
to where and although I'm planning to
get some laser eye surgery when I get
South Africa still probably it's gonna
take some time to organize that say in
the meantime honestly they will replace
the frames like I got done in Brighton
these are just badly designed glasses
and they don't last long so hopefully
they'll just switch other frames if they
have them in stock
just worth a shot
why this is the correct frame to replace
so we can get it done I say that happens
again you might not want to consider
changing frames because usually I'm
wondering whether my head is just too
big and it's slowly weakens or something
it's just cleaning my glasses for me and
then it slipped through this town well
guys I'm perfectly happy with that five
minutes
replace the frames again all stay good
news I got an email now I got a text
message earlier for my friend Hannah who
I was hanging out with the other night
you know she did my makeup turns out my
wallet was found at the hub that we were
at and it was handed in amazingly which
is great news because I was kind of
panicking today because I would have had
to like Ryota or my bank cards and my
driving license and stuff and so
tomorrow I'm gonna go pick that up
have to borrow some money from a and in
the meantime
good news I've arrived I've met with
Hillary yeah and I see hey dusty and
we're gonna go fighting to eat we're all
hungry
we're thinking ping-pong which is I
haven't been things on the ball but what
Hillary what food is ping-pong yeah
mostly sort of Chinese dim sum
very good it's hardest
like jasmine tea apparently this
floating thing in Egypt part of the part
of the flavor and they really know
what's going on yes
by this is chicken wonton noodle soup
now apparently I have to spread this
like weird brown stuff in there this is
good I just burned my mouth from the
spring roll that was very hot
we have a tower of dumplings literally a
tower left the restaurant and we're
gonna go for a nice little stroll around
London again like I did with Steve you
have a night look at these pretty lights
how everything is so Christmassy
this is cute it's very cute how cute is
this
it's nice man ladies Christmas trees
that the fairy nights on our Cohen
Darcey join in hell you party animal you
party animal
right by the London Eye there's this
nice little walkway here with trees I
think it's like a song yeah but it's
like really blue LEDs and it's just like
nice and magical it feels like winter
it's like but like the beautiful side of
winter you know this is probably a good
location for photos I think we're going
to get a photo at the end with that
trees and then the London Eye at the end
this is an ice skating rink
I see what they've done there ice skate
last skate at 9:00 p.m. what time to
know guys we just missed the ice game by
20 minutes I really want to go I think
tomorrow I might go tomorrow or like at
least one day this week I'm gonna go ice
write the evening is drawing to a close
Hilary's gonna jump on the tube I'm
gonna jump in Rodney Ridolfi and had bad
answer sorry but it's been a lovely
evening and we're sisters
see you later
thank you it's been nice hanging out our
guys are back and I am exhausted like
really really exhausted I don't know
what's up with me at the moment my
throat's sore I'm just like very tired
all the time
I think the way that's got something to
do with they're both say I'm just
recovering from wherever I forgot a
little bug
are they but I am gonna push free and
I've decided to stay the rest of this
week in the UK for my cousin's wedding
on the weekend and then booked flights
but I think I'm gonna be flying out on
Sunday dance Cape Town but it's gonna be
a fun week of got a lot of catching up
with people before I head away and yeah
I barely keep my eyes open
catched fray peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
