hey guys welcome to the long-awaited
next episode of learn with Louie
today I'm doing a cooking video with my
dad will we what we cook him dad
well I think the kids are sunshiny and
sort of barbecue season we're gonna
we're gonna barbecue some lamb yeah so
let's get this barbecue fired up
we're not firing up a massive barbecue
because actually these little disposable
canoes anywhere and they're really cool
so because the barbecue is going to take
about 15-20 minutes to die down over the
charcoals to be perfect to cook on we're
going to take you inside and show you
some ingredients for today's cooking
adventure
so we dice lamb and then we spices and
our additional of flavorings best thing
to do is to perhaps marinate this
overnight
so if you've got time if you think of
what you're doing tomorrow you could
actually add some marinated there's put
it in the fridge overnight but we're
going to do this right now flavor is
going back to stable motion up we're
just gonna mix the lamb with the spices
in the plastic trays they come in so
we're ready to begin to add the marinade
and that's going to consist of the
lovely olive oil it's gonna have cumin
and cinnamon like a crushed garlic of
course must have the rind corrected into
each one of those let's put over to me
straight in yet
any tips on coriander chopping dad yeah
just I can do this fine so I'm gonna
rock it on the end hold the end put a
little pivot nice and fine bit of fresh
mint for every Indian Edition a key part
to the marinade is obviously some olive
oil just going to trickle a bit a lot
over there lamb final stages of the
marinade we're gonna add some cumin so
just gonna sprinkle bit of that in there
I'm gonna get messy in a minute with our
hands and get this all going if you want
this a lot hotter you can add the chili
powder which would be good or some fresh
chilies but I think we're gonna keep it
mild today and we're gonna grate in some
orange peel in there zesty flavor like
my dad said ideally you might want to
leave this overnight just to get the
full flavors but this works as well
so the plenty of spicy lamb dishes we
could have done DeBakey milan's another
one and but we know we decided to go
with the diced lamb and we're about to
put them on a skews because we're gonna
barbecue them as you can see I've got
lamb sweet and soft apricot this is
gonna be a great combo I'm just gonna
put one bit more apricot on the end guys
if you got any other suggestions for
lamb dishes maybe you could let us know
like Instagram or send any video links
and recipes that you've done and maybe
we could do some more dishes on my -
channel as well
right I found some hot chili powder
which I think I'm gonna sprinkle on one
of mine just to spice this one up a
little bit nice and spicy
all right let's get these out to the
barbecue Wow your spicy one is going in
the middle dad what are you doing with a
hair dryer it's a secret I learned in
the land of barbecue in Brazil they get
the hairdryer right - I was doing it
they get the barbecue really really hot
they're gone look at that I was kicking
out the rear bar now that's perfect now
that's perfect
some of you guys may not know I actually
have inherited my spirit of adventure
from my dad and even when we were a bit
younger me and my sister when we were
traveling a lot of Asia with my parents
who went to Indonesia and laser and
stuff and we got to try crazy cuisines
out there that's the foods I've never
tasted before really interesting things
and I think it just opened my mind to
this world of you know this whole other
cultures whether it's kind of the
lifestyle the way people live very
differently to us or the food they eat
so it's it's brilliant to be able to
experiment and get adventurous with food
you're cooking
lazy they don't have a barbecue this is
the alternative option for clicking the
spicy lamb kebabs shove them in the oven
Grillin it always tends to happen when
I'm cutting pit bread as I stick the
knife in and it it always kind of comes
out halfway through say you have to try
to be really careful look to the Noahide
paper it doesn't come pre-cut and that
be good thin slices and then we'll chuck
a couple of these I need to kabob
Oh gorgeous just check the meat coat by
slicing in see how pink it is as you can
see that's not too pink
so it cooks up a fair few kebabs I
haven't quite the same presentation
skills as my dad but I'm gonna try and
just lay one out here nicely spoke about
in there oh I forgot the lettuce lettuce
in first just talked about in there
isn't too bad
took a couple of smart is on I said I
want a bit more meat loads for me there
you go
don't wait to tuck in all right Troy our
amazing lamb creation is that just Louie
well done that was fun mom gonna come
and try our food yeah mums come to Joey
laughs there you have it guys our spicy
lamb adventure dish and I just want to
say thank you to lamb stock for
providing us with this delicious lamb
and I'll see you for the next learn of
Louie peace
