good afternoon guys here's an incredible
day here in Rio
I'm just strolling down to Copacabana
beach and we're gonna have a little
meetup in a bit and about half an hour
I've told people we should all chill on
the beach and hang out the waves look
brutal today guys Cadiz
we're gonna get slammed by one of those
waves
alright now I'm going to somebody for a
little bit
right I found some people hey how you
guys doing
this is fun the weather's come out just
for our meetup we I was wondering
whether it's gonna rain today but
thankfully I didn't check this out this
is giovanna and she just told me she got
a dreadlock because she was inspired by
my hair since she's got this cool red
look at the back I like that that's cool
high five yes my dad's getting some
photos
more people have arrived this this is so
you know the other night when I was
dancing samba or I wasn't having summer
I was just dancing to samba
I can't basically I can't dance but I'm
trying to get people here to teach me so
who can teach me
jeez what's your name ever yeah she's
gonna teach me how to do it so I show me
the footwork you can like it's easier
when you like inhales huh girls yeah no
okay just go like this I would like
today no no very bad
we had your Samba lesson guy yeah not
very good not no lost what to do how did
he do how did you do that's right the
girls let me go on a longboard check
this out
number two awesome
these are amazing
listen up
I'm from New Zealand I got I lost the
plan I'm feeling that you're really cool
I'm getting the Rikuo I'm busting I'm
living in Peru and that's the way we do
a Rio you know I show I'm teaching
English I don't distinguish the damage
but I'm not a savage
I presented boys I'm good because I'm
awesome oh good is it simply me for real
and I'm a busted living my life not for
review baby down and I'll be making a
sound or making a frown upside down turn
and talk with listeners Kristin I got a
mission operations the beers coming up
from the north
not the where's your miss Kristin the
real name they call me Big D I'm making
the fame no you told him help is losing
it for real I represent that my life you
know say my food by the plan now is
we're heading to Ecuador which is a
little rock on Ipanema beach did I say
it right oh sorry and a few other people
that came to the meetup adjoining me
this is Julia she let me ride her
longboard earlier and now we're just
skating together although I think we
should probably wait for other people
because everyone else is walking
so many people skateboard in Rio it's
amazing
I love that they closed the whole
seafront Rose on Sundays now this is
where they've honed it off and
apparently that opening it again at
about 7:00 here means everyone just
cyfle would skate around it's a great
idea
check those out on one of those so we
tried to get down here for sunset but it
is a little bit cloudy so you can't
really even see the Sun saying but it's
still beautiful still beautiful
so apparently people come up here every
single night and just celebrate together
and we are hungry now we're gonna go get
something to eat
I just let everyone through the cactus
forest we're all trying to eat in it
together we get 25 people and we're
getting tossed out the to a kazillion
like little happy
I think just trying to figure out where
everyone wants what pastor do you want
that I would leave dog cashews and Frank
this is after ye what what is this
explain to me remember Sonja yeah
they like all of it yeah and then they
make it into ice cream yeah
July so I end up with yeah
these are pastel just gonna be yeah
we're heading off which had a lovely
beer with everyone by everyone all right
me and my dad have been chilling for a
little bit trying to put some flights
for the next part of our adventure
around Brazil it's been proving quite
difficult we've been spending a couple
of hours well my dad's been spending a
couple of hours trying to organize it
all and but we're almost there almost
there and we've decided just to stretch
your legs and go for a little wander
tonight for getting some sleep but we
had a interesting wander around and
we're heading back up now today has been
incredible it's so good to meet so many
local Rio viewers and haven't wander
around had been it together stuff as
well which is cool anyway since my money
guys peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
