hey guys my name is Jasmine I am
originally from Iowa by living Kansas
and you guys are watching blog for Louie
this morning we've driven up the
mountain to go to the Christ the
Redeemer statue that massive Jesus
statue that looks over Rio so we're
walking to the back of this very long
line and we're heading up there now
so guys I think this mountain that we're
standing on is called Corcovado and it's
one of the most stunning locations in
the world I think unfortunately it's a
little bit cloudy but most incredible
view over Rio
I guess one of the problems of being at
the top of a mountain is lots of clouds
so we're seeing here everything and
waiting for the clouds to go and then
souza clouds go up on Cheers
terrific photos where this is this is a
tough photo location dice so many people
trying to get a good photo the next
point
crazy thing i photobombed about a
million people trying to take a flight
over here
I don't think it's summer so once we
have work guys see let me all right
we're heading off the next part of our
tour
I'm city tour I didn't get a good summer
song photo guys it's too close wasn't
enough room it's too crowded to get a
good shot unfortunately no food here
sorry mate so these little monkeys are
called miracle I think that's the
Portuguese name for the miracle Sookie
how'd you find that that kids cloudy but
great view embryo and friendly monkeys
yeah he had some good photos yeah I'll
show you something
check out her Instagram so guys this is
Isabella she's on tall guy today where
are you taking us next now heaven -
something is a yeah cool let's roll so
we've arrived at our next location
these are the famous stairs in Rio de
Janeiro and they're in for our and Snoop
Dogg's video
amongst other things this is incredible
what are these stairs called Oh more
Canadians it also knows the label of the
arches than lead officers to the bottom
of the stairs is an area called lapper
and at the top is sin Tereza which we
just drove through and I think it's so
doable think of us to live in Rio
I'd wanna live in Santa Rosa
this mosaic is quite incredible
there's tiles from all around the world
like representing pretty much every
country and the guy who designed it all
and created unfortunately was murdered
last year but before that he was kind of
doing this for 25 years building this
place and like people were sending him
tiles from around the world to represent
their country
it's amazing such an amazing piece of
art right this is the Metropolitan
Cathedral
bill in the 70s apparently can see 5000
people so it's pretty big nice to meet
you Jesus the Sun has come out it's the
first time in a couple of days this is
glorious
I love sunshine
you have me about the Sun dad I'm very
happy about this I've been missing it
been going anemic and white and now I
can go down back I met some viewers this
morning and they said oh you're a lot
whiter in real life we stopped briefly
for some lunch and we're now heading up
Sugarloaf Mountain and this is nuts guys
it's a cliff which isn't finding office
so there's a little mountain halfway a
Sugarloaf Mountain we've had to get off
to get on the next gondola but there's a
massive master key just knit toasters
cafes kitchen properly to me dancing
like that it's like the copies I got the
copies right we managed to make it up
here just in time to see the sunset it's
beautiful guys you can see christ
redeemer from here where we were this
morning
just doing some more long exposure shots
of the sunset and city
have fun without that amazing fantastic
you just summer setting those fantastic
pictures right we just got down from the
gondola and we've met Isadora who's here
to say hello singer love with the we and
Dorothy how's your day been very good
baby
singing this is vagina - and she knew we
were here cuz my snapchat so it's very
kind of you to come and say hello I hope
you have a great time here yeah Isadora
an adorable thing
Isabella's off thank you for touring us
around today bye we're heading out to
dinner in an area called lap up we were
there earlier today where the stairs
were it's an amazing part of Rio I was
actually there for Carnival three years
ago and it's just an awesome vibe loads
of music you ready guys ready let's go
look at this G taking our tickets yes
the casual surfer guy sitting on the bus
next to me said I shouldn't have my
phone out around here because there's a
lot of pickpocket says and it's quite
dangerous so
it looks pretty safe around here we've
got a lot of sexuality up pocket in here
and they talk for police cars guarding
us from tea
why
okay
where is it that way for mignon it is of
an Italian bread they all in one I can
put you in it now this amazing song
though
clarify
are we going to take a little wander
around these back streets just beautiful
that's like cool graffiti quirky little
bars
jitka another seat up within sharpening
some I feel a bit about the lisanna
domogil us an ability bigger than these
police horses don't like being stroked
back in 2011 I was here for Carnival
like I was saying earlier today and I
actually blogged a lot of it and it was
amazing I've got incredible footage on
the streets drummers like crowds of
people but I lost all the footage and I
was like really gutted so it's nice to
be back in filming some of it to show
you guys
taxi taxi
right it's the end to another amazing
day in Rio we did a lot today we did a
lot and tomorrow we're having a bit more
of a relaxed day we're probably gonna do
a meet up meet some people in Rio and
I'll see you then peace out enjoy life
live the adventure
