hi I am max Sarah I'm from Czech
Republic and you're watching from full
Louie enjoy good afternoon guys we're
about to head over for the second day of
summer in the city just picked up some
breakfast and a lunch breakfast so
pretty much just go ahead we've been sit
in the green room for a little bit and
now it's time for some eating grapes
here we go again
he's Dennis meat huh yes doing some
signing is
we're just about halfway through meeting
everyone and still a lot of people to me
but this is fun this is a good second
day in this meeting as many people as
possible and I'm loving it again on day
and it's raining this morning so
everyone I'm hugging is like soaking wet
you look for the right if you waited to
see so I've just finished my Meetup
that was a lot of fun it's gonna see how
Terry's doing I'm gonna hide in cherry
how's your meet up there yes fun mean
everyone hello right bitch it's about to
go onstage in a bit are you performing
yet
I think I'm Michael Ballack see some of
that also Charlie's over here he's about
to do a meet-up
you looking forward to that we just come
outside let's have some food Oh so thank
you so much I got a little chicken
burger and it got some chili con carne
we just need to recover a little bit and
get some energy back it's looks good
look who I found how are you doing I'm
good I'm tired I don't know I don't know
like so sorry I know it's Joe these guys
have got a two-hour meet up now fun ten
five six we're late one yeah you look
what to me after dark
yeah
did you tell them how to do their makeup
see I did a makeup tutorial
only one try back in the green room this
is Silvia and she's helped me fix my
drain I got this one dread that's like
very very thin and I'm always scared
it's gonna drop out with my new friend
Eman you ready for this M are you ready
26000 the one pound
are you feeling them ah I feel it
Jason was what's your reaction to I am
interested I was prior on page
not similar to my own hack strike oh oh
he's so fuzzy the fuzzies addictive the
fuzz is to the touch well done
good job good job
we're gonna head off given this really
nice book icon remembered by who but I
was just showing it to Caspar and Joe
and we were just looking at all the
lovely pictures in it
Joe how cool is this little book it's
good yeah thank you
hello yeah
right summer in the city over that was
pretty amazing
that's great you admitted today nuts
we're now heading off the evening we
don't know what we're doing yet we're
getting food that's definitely a sick
advice for these girls
last time we came in there it was so
hectic and now it's so chilled it's
exactly what I need right now because
yeah wasn't a shower yeah and now Phil
which is we're all fed I'm feeling very
good
Mazda's joined us and still be a halo
mass I'm saying how are you how are you
how are you guys how are you guys how
you doing I'm good I'm good I'm for that
you go oh my that's so good so so this
is the before fluffy I love the marble
or gloves
so two and a half hours later this is
the results alright so we've left dance
and we are now heading to pick up
Chelsea and it's quite late it's like
it's like 3 a.m.
I'm flight to Brazil tomorrow headed to
my blog
thanks for staying up and doing my
dreads Sylvia's been amazing place to
store my dreads and they look insanely
go away right back it's almost 5:00 a.m.
I'm so tired guys but it's been an
amazing day I'll call my grits look meat
and up I'm ready for Brazil I'm so glad
I met Sylvia today I think she it's not
a very good job and if you guys are more
interested about dreadlocks and how
they're made and just stuff about them
I'll link her channel below she's done
some really amazing videos about
dreadlocks and I think we're gonna be
making some fun videos together in the
future when I get back I'm gonna sleep
now and I'll catch you guys tomorrow for
quite an incredible adventure I can't
wait to take you guys to Brazil miss my
favorite country peace out enjoy your
life and live the adventure
