hello everyone my name's Gregor's I'm
from the UK I'm currently in a random
field and you're watching thumb for Lily
hey good morning guys today we're
certainly leaving tonight Lodge the
others are just in there getting their
bags ready we're waiting for a car and
there's been an amazing stay here I'd
highly recommend checking this place out
with you're staying in the cemetery look
at this cute card that was left in my
room this morning live the adventure
like that and from here we're heading
down to Sequoia National Park we're
gonna go and check out the big trees and
hopefully have a bit of an adventure
today
we've been recommended to come back here
in the window and it's like full snow
and check it out it's quite credible
here there's a lot like skate for that
row you guys excited for the next thing
so explain I just get a little team
photo
we're in Fresno and I just had to get
out the car feeling really queasy guys I
never get motion sickness but we were
like doing some mounting parts and I
don't know I just feel queasy riot
currently gone to get me some motion
travel sickness pills I was gonna lie
down here for a second
I had to get some coke to settle my
stomach carbonated drinks are good for
selling
so after a three and a half hour drive
we've finally arrived in Sequoia
National Park where the biggest tree in
the world lives his name is General
Sherman we're going to go meet you yeah
you need to put more warm closer guys
how awesome is this it's a tree tunnel
no way we're standing inside a tree
inside of a tree
so guys we're gonna go and have a closer
look but this tree right here is the
largest trainer General Sherman
yo guys 52 thousand cubic feet in body
industry thirty six point five feet
eleven meters in diameter that is insane
so it's 2200 years old if the Sherman
tree's trunk could be filled with water
it would provide enough water for nine
thousand eight hundred forty-four barks
that's one bar every day
just a branch from General Sherman pull
enough look like one branch that is
crazy I feel a special connection with
this tree this is a special of crazy
kids
how does the sunset make everything so
incredible
I check the color of the sky so no face
oh how awesome is that amazing well
that's one where we say investment
online and then driven to the other side
of the park which is right there
restaurant near the lodge that were
staying in tonight I'm so hungry I'm so
ready to eat
I'm so honored I could murder
Brooklyn cheddar soup all this delicious
my burger has arrived
apparently it's spicy we'll find out we
just got we got coffee and we all got
hot chocolates to go we're gonna go sit
in front of the fireplace and play you
know speed speed enough
we finished food I've managed to come
out of my food coma and we're now
trilling by this incredibly hot blonde
fire while Eddings editing some
Instagram photos and also playing some
games we've been chomping on these
habanero jelly beans super spicy Roya
can't handle spicy at all she just
chomped like 20 you are crazy right it's
about the thing guys Nick is it thirty
nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine
and we're just refreshing and seeing if
he's gonna hit forty thousand yes Nick
yes Nick guys I am just so tired it's
been a great day a lot of driving though
but I'm so glad we got to see the
biggest the largest tree in the world
and I just want to thank Taniya Lodge
for putting herself the last few days
it's been fantastic and also this place
John Muir Lodge is amazing as well
so I'll see in the morning guys we're
gonna be driving down me where I'd be
driving out to LA and we're bidding
farewell to Nick and Ange and they're
heading up to San Francisco and we're
getting up early for breakfast and for a
long drive see you then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
