hi my name is tara all Simona's they
call me chair on YouTube I live in
Florence Italy and you're watching fun
for Louie good morning guys I'm heading
down left to breakfast to see the others
and then I think we're going on a little
tour of the lodge right I've just got a
simple breakfast bit free granola yogurt
banana
I'm not into big meals breakfast also
check this out next just um did this
come in and now cuted alright we
finished breakfast and we've started our
little tour of the lodge we were just
told at Christmas time in the lobby
they have a 35-foot Christmas tree that
stretches all the way up to the ceiling
that's pretty crazy
we um whose guards it's just great
Oh before you know you swing it open yo
you can someone get you know yeah hey
hey you don't need to come after the
tool after you leaving no trap times in
the sliding door
sorry you claustrophobic guys this room
has a fireplace you just need a
sheepskin rug here as well okay I could
do this yeah
got a nice little fireplace in the wall
this is very modern so we've left the
main lodge and we're having a little
wonder down to the cottages now this
place is awesome guys this little zoo
and I think they are talking about us
going on a few hikes today and maybe
tomorrow to see some massive sequoia
trees guys apparently there was a
mountain lion down there recently eating
it there oh yeah we should go find that
guy this is what I'm talking about spa
oh it's just lovely
what you doing that neck just rubbing
this lovely Laura's are called salts
Android laser and these are with herbs
that I did just the area yeah that's
sustainable yeah
can you give me some
oh thanks we have arrived in the spa and
we are doing deep tissue massage you
ready for this neck oh yeah
loving this musics like cheetah yeah
ding-ding-ding-ding-ding what check out
my gown that's right well we just came
out of my massages and it was amazing
how does it feel now and I know now
we've got sushi appetizers waiting for
us in the what was this room called the
relaxation relaxation room and then
we're going to go hit the sauna house
the CCI oh really good
I decided I'm gonna heat this whole
thing wasabi and it was very strong
wasabi crazy wasabi ah he's not faking
this this is insanely hot with sunchoke
dirty or split that's the crazies oh my
gosh
that's crazy wasabi on there bad is so
hot guys that is what we're eating
oh my godness Mesabi ever oh that like
was almost as hot as that um horseradish
sauce I almost died eating on my old
channel Louie is a nutter I can't even
stay in here
initially I felt like I was burning up a
minute this is chilling standing at the
top is like copying her heart it's so
cool you look like you are a lobster I
am look you know you're getting slowly
cooked alive in there so check out this
guy just compare yourself to white out
that's screenshot day I'm quite red no
we didn't say so you if I put the record
button over your face you can't even see
it some people distinctive on lunchtime
nice little are they oh yeah thank you
cheesecake hello cheesecakes yeah thank
you
what you got over there and indulgence
Deluxe yeah boom hey comes for you so
you eat helps is that a cup of July
chuckling exactly
what is that right
just over the oven with vanilla ice
cream with cream and fudge and caramel
oh yeah we finished lunch we jumped in
the car and we are heading into Yosemite
National Park again unfortunately the
sun's in a set half now because the
clocks went back and they set the sunset
before 5 p.m. now which is weird but
we're going to try and go and see some
incredibly big sequoia trees and
hopefully it doesn't get too dark
oh cool happen to me yeah thanks
hey that's a big twice emanating oh my
god there's a massive trees yeah
that is just crazy guys look at how
massive these trees are Ange go stand
next to the tree it's huge
these are the giant sequest kidding
that's not the giant squared that is the
giant Sequoia oh my goodness haha that
is ridiculous
this is for like a thousand years oldest
tree imagine living at the top of it in
a tree house
but it's already getting dark and
apparently it's almost a mile walk to
the biggest tree which makes these trees
lit like babies apparently so we don't
forget it
it's around this bigger rounded you
that's crazy
look at that oh that isn't correct that
branch is eight feet around Wow an
entire classroom of school children hand
a hand cheeks up against the tree cannot
fit around this tree for these smaller
sequoia trees are a thousand years old
we just confirmed and the bigger ones
that we'll be seeing tomorrow hopefully
a 2,000 years old
that's insane and she also says this is
the woman in the shop that they don't
die of old age they just die because
they get so big they fall over so I
guess if a Sequoia is like supported
structurally it could live forever
that's insane
these must be like the oldest living
life forms are there we just got back to
the car and the door was wide open wide
open he gets out a car and leaves the
door wide open I went that way these
guys hydrogen gizmos a-plenty i've got
whozits and whatzits good hope if you
want sing of us I got a tiny I think
nice area area little man my dear where
those people are I wanna see you wanna
see you dancin we're decide it's going
for an early hot tub tonight rather than
waiting right to the end of the evening
so
I've come to find the guys I think that
already in here hey hello well
so me and Nick jumped out the hot tub
and we just made it in time for dinner
the girls and will didn't bother coming
but we've come back to Jackalopes I've
got a little schnitzel pork schnitzel
we've got in it chicken whew what I
certainly think it's pretty good for
having a bromance date right now guys
I've had the nicest last couple of hours
me and Nick just been chilling here by
this open fire and we've just been
having a good old deep chat about life I
think fires um kind of help with that
yeah and it's like really really cold
Nexen is just chilling there in his
t-shirt this side of me is boy oh yeah
we keep switching around I sort browned
again we gave the keep rotating we keep
switching sighs mystery chickens yeah
but this is so nice
I think I'm gonna head to sleep now I'm
really looking forward to tomorrow I
laughed and Yosemite National Park
heading down to Sequoia National Park I
hope you guys have been enjoying the
views and stunning beauty and I've shown
you it doesn't quite capture how
credible is if you ever get the chance
to come to Yosemite you have to I'm
serious I'll catch you tomorrow morning
for some more fun peace out enjoy life
and live the adventure
