hey my name is Jack Ethan Brad and
you're watching from felow way good
morning guys is a beautiful day at
Tenaya lodge in Yosemite the Sun is out
the snow is melting and I'm getting to
get some breakfast with the guys thank
you I got yogurt and granola cinnamon
we're heading to the park we're gonna go
get some mountain bikes
I like your outfit up into Yosemite once
before but I clearly didn't come to this
part it is incredibly stunning I
couldn't quite get over it this view
that view my play this isn't even all of
it
Nick said like as we head down that
Valley there's even more incredible
views a lovely place my house
good show
check this homemade Steadicam little
washer bit string and a bolt at the top
pull it tight with your camera amazing
genius for a dollar
we just found this lovely group photo
spot check this out it's gonna get some
photos it's lovely isn't it well get
position
do I make hello
don't you know these Darrell they're
just chilling right here
Hey
he's pretty special name did you get a
picture of it here I got a picture of
the deal guys check this door this is a
real door from a car that was attached
by bear the bear ripped this door off
that's insane
don't let bears climb in your car where
we're headed now neck you guys it's MIT
larger just wait ang and I stayed for
three months ago no two months ago and
the peak of summer was 40 degrees
Celsius here looks were you walking in
so the original plan today is to get the
mountain bikes but we got too distracted
taking photos and looking at the amazing
views so decided to Spain that I think
we're going to
do that maybe tomorrow the next day but
right now it's been the time chili con
carne bit cheese
this is cornbread as well do something
you can totally take it away so Maurice
served us last time we came here and we
remembered him yeah scare this cheeky
friendships in Disco oh not all our food
thanks Maurice Wow we finished our lunch
and we're heading up to a nearby
waterfall that is a big tree have you
made a ring
look at these tree huggers
so I think we're gonna climb up in this
rock get a view that waterfall you got
it bro yeah you got it
guys absolutely love bouldering it's so
fun I could do this all day
so much
oh yeah
so we'll and I just climbed from all the
way down there up here
say hi will
and there's a waterfall right behind us
there's Louie and and and Nick I'm gonna
try to make their way over here just on
a really cool spot
so for the last 45 minutes we've been on
a read on the fuel tank and we've been
hoping that we find a petrol station
thankfully we just have we didn't really
know what was going to happen if we
didn't it would probably just be stuck
in roadway yeah probably
avoiding the bears in the woods but
we've made it we're gonna fill up a zip
this up and I was like oh hello just
waiting for our food and once it waiting
we're trying to figure out the rules of
American football which is playing up
here and this guy's explaining to us the
rules
the guys look at this man's beard that
is a real man he's the most manly man in
the world definitely you could see his
Guardians his guns are like that bigger
than speech come on Chester this
cameraman can't get enough of it
we got sweet potato fries we've got some
crazy bug I do not know what that is but
I'm hoping it spicy that's what I'm
saying
and add some Tabasco I've got this the
cans a sauce
all right meal finished it's definitely
time for a hot tub again to attend I saw
neuron ready for after the hot tub Hey
well we've had another relaxed evening
I'm back in my room I'm ready to sleep
and tomorrow I think we're having a tour
of Tenaya Lodge and we are also hoping
to go on a hike although some of the
main big hikes have been closed because
of the snow and bad weather and stuff
but I'm pretty sure gonna have another
phenomenal day and to see some of the
incredible views of u7t park I'll catch
you then peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure boom
