good morning guys we've just woken up on
a ferry with Aria please help her film
for the documentary and we are going to
get me on meet make serif it is from
lesbos which is where we've just landed
and what's going on I've only just woken
up but I'm really excited because we're
going to be meeting some people out here
some local Greek people and some Syrian
refugees that are on the island and
pinkies
great yeah so this is our photos that we
traveled in on we left Athens last night
about 9:00 p.m. and it's a ten hour
ferry journey thankfully we had our own
cabin so got quite a bit sleep yeah yeah
this is cold
yeah oh yes this is what I'm looking for
I'm always looking for this like
everyone I'm sorry okay so we're here
the thing is that okay the Turkish
borders are here and most of the people
came down from up here so this is the
main place of arrival power of the birds
where's the Turkish Turkish the island
oh it kind of comes around like that
okay okay
like this yeah it's more rocky the
terrain was less most ever a Turkish
oiler no because it looks like we do
places okay when when Turkey had taken
over Greece it was basically Ottoman
like for 400 years
okay the thing is that my place where we
have a house it's here
yeah Tim Papa and how long is the drive
in it's a 25 to 30 minute drive chill so
we're doing here
and camp is worth three camps at one
yeah Siwon means come on yes we minus
points and breakfast a traditional three
favorite this is amazing as tomorrow and
olives as well for your there bro filo
pastry Thank You cheese and spinach yeah
so these boats here I guess we're like
taken from people that were coming in
from Syria I guess from Turkey or
whatever but Syrian refugees and you can
still see the life jackets on the back
of them and apparently they're disliked
all the boats here that I guess they're
like confiscated the boats or something
but like check how rundown they are it
must be terrifying trying to get
okay guys we just got baited we were
just filming in the poor and the police
pulled us aside took us up into the
office and made me delete some clips of
my camera which sucks but thankfully we
managed to pop out one of the SD cards
and in areas cameras we kept some
footage but I think we need to be kind
of a bit more covert when we're filming
and when we're filming with these big
mics on top of the cameras like I think
it's just like settings alarm bells
buzzing because they're like artists
clearly we're professionals that were
using mics mounted until the cameras but
without them we could just be taking
photos as tourists so that's why I
rarely have a top mounted mic
we have just arrived at seraphim's
family home we're gonna unpack our bags
this is where we're staying the next few
days looking pretty nice I found a cool
spot to do some interviews outside check
this out this is solving my problems
with a bright sunshine you know to shoot
like in the shade kind of flat lighting
what I really love about the Greek
people is that they're very warm like
they will embrace a stranger tell them
okay come in I'll buy you some ouzo
tell me about your day no stay more if
you want to leave and your inner heart
they say no come on stay more we're
gonna chat tell me about your life and
they're really sociable les will say is
generally a quite a touristy place not
it's not so well known like other Greek
islands like Mykonos or Santorini but it
has its has some unique features and
many people visited lesbos through the
years and but in the past three years
for nearly 45 years it has gained a
different kind of publicity some would
say bad like tourism levels have fallen
since and that is the major Syrian
refugee crisis from a local perspective
I saw that many people were there for
them and they helped them they gave them
food they gave them water and despite
the bad image that the news were
promoting we got some good interview
shots pretty happy we now want to just
Wiz out and see we can get somewhere
cool to see the sunset maybe grab some
food
we have who that in the V really have
man really really got some really no
it's good having you behind the camera
boy this is nicer now it was like
scorching what we actually had a quite
long siesta today when we go in who's
just like the heat of the day you don't
really want to be out in that the Sun
has already dipped behind the mountains
but we've just pulled over in this
little cute like I don't know this is
like a little fishing village check out
this little marina here and he's amazing
abandoned building to this Factory
so this building we're heading into
seraphim's family building we're gonna
go off on the roof and get some shots
hey Hector chill oh yes it's really nice
up here
what is going on here
what there's just geese in the road and
they always here yeah why they do not
care today
they look like statues
then they let they're not even leaving
we've just arrived at this really cute
little restaurant in the middle of
nowhere this little village yeah we're
gonna sit down and have some traditional
Greek food hello Louie Louie thinks all
about being a vegan me and Aria got
Greek coffee I think it's similar to
Turkish coffee have you ever had this
before
no but I'm excited okay you're you it's
gonna taste a bit crazy bro so Cheers
so taste that you think very interesting
flavor let me see how similar it is
Turkish Billy
it's actually a little bit different it
is a bit different it feels like this
just left all the coffee it's still in
it like not strained it it kind of just
tastes like normal coffee but a bit to
be fair this isn't this isn't likely
been Turkish coffee
so a discovery has more different
flavors in it stuff this is I actually
prefer this we've got the first few
dishes to come out I don't really know
what any of this is other than this is
opening this is lentils I still just
have no idea what this is
Russ got beat by beat tree leaves yeah
okay well we'll try that out see what's
going on there it's quick sorry if this
olive paste is the one this is this is
the one in it
Panda
it's this is really cool we decipher her
digital group of friends having like a
music and poetry minister with bonito
starts a new film from little clips for
this dude playing the guitars actually
Iranian and Aras his piece half Iranian
and speaks fast and so they have a
little chat right we had some great
great Greek food it was absolutely
delicious and we also met this really
amazing group of people over here that
we showed you some of the music they
were playing and we've actually
organized to go and interview this lady
she said that this isn't a club or
anything this is just their group of
creative friends from all over the world
but I'm kind of blown away this is like
this little village in Greece and
there's like totally international
people doing amazing things so we're
gonna try and interview a couple of
people tomorrow and this American lady
it's been living out here for ten years
and then a local Greek artist who
hopefully we'll get to see some of her
paintings and stuff like that so yeah
pretty successful evening pretty corny
but really this group you've all around
the world like multiple multiple
countries all just sitting down like
making music chatting yeah and it kind
of it just fits so well into what we're
trying to do in the whole reason we're
making this film and traveling around
the world and you know finding these
connections around the world that we're
all you know we've all got this common
kind of connection as humanity so and
it's just so amazing to find a group of
people living it and doing it and I
don't know
we'll find out more tomorrow so get
excited for the interviews guys it's
3:00 a.m. we've got an interview plan
for someone at like 9 a.m. in the
morning and IRA has been legend he's
helping me get through these vlogs guys
like he's actually been back in London
helping with a couple of locks like just
getting them the framework set out and
he's helped me a bit here try and get
through them as I've said before they
are mammoth like epic vlogs because
there's so much footage we're shooting
it it's so much more it's like double
the work of a normal daily vlog which is
why I'm like 10 days behind but
hopefully we can catch up the next few
days but it's also jogging in the
editing and actually getting the stuff
shot in the day I've never seen so much
footage for one day it's just like when
when we first gave him hard Yahoo look
through and how just like what maybe I
need to get someone else to come out and
help edit while some shooting the rest
of the for two months I'm a third of the
way through the trip right a third of
the way guys this is crazy
anyone we're gonna I'm gonna probably
have a little light lay down let Aria
finish his stuff and then we might do a
switch and I might come down and carry
on editing I need to try to get this up
for you guys tomorrow and then back on
the grind we've got some cool stuff
planned and hopefully I can wake up in
the morning I've got a couple of Red
Bulls and some coffee and stuff say you
should be fine peace out enjoy life and
live the adventure
