my doctor did that either if you want to
travel the room without get another
braid going follow this cool guy threads
he's got class he's got style I promise
you you'll stay low IQ info elbow is a
bumper really is the best and don't
forget to hit subscribe to follow the
Snowman on is live
hey Laurie I can't wait to see what you
have in store for me
good morning guys we are on the couch
we're about to head off to Italy it's
very early in the morning but I'm
excited Italy
we've already right Italy I slept the
whole way here on the coach I was
feeling too good I feel a bit better now
we've arrived in the city of Genoa and
we're heading to have some lunch
together one of the things that you know
is famous for is being the birthplace of
Christopher Columbus and this apparently
is like a replica of his boat a sail to
America
Cheers hey this is fried chickpeas Joe a
bigger assassin yeah how are they Joey
Genoa is famous for is the mention of
pesto and we've been given some pesto
pasta and this past is really weird it's
like I think they've liked hand-rolled
these little bits of pasta and it's like
it's like eating little pasta worms nice
short visit to Genoa we're now heading
to peas up
well it's been driving nice today we're
finally arrived in Pisa and with parts
like 15 minutes away from the Leaning
Tower and we're all wondering over there
now and I think we're just figuring out
what pose do on the D okay you guys
remember my Instagram that's not him out
here with all the boys it was neither in
the backflip back somersault
Jerry have you decided what pose you're
gonna do on a bill any time I've been in
my legs like yeah that's a good one
I had to get cheeky little coffee I need
a bit of energy to bust out some
handstands and somersaults and stuff in
front of the tower which is looking good
we didn't come for this angle in our
last home there right I'm going to jump
over the fence and hopefully not get
told off and we're gonna try some some
acrobatic stuff by the police have
arrived to tell us up that's a very
short but sweet visit to the Leaning
Tower of Pisa basically constantly
walking in people's photos as well
the guys filming the Contiki roadtrip
did the sickest video shot where they
turned to slow-mo camera as I was summer
sorry
guys we almost got back to the coach I
realized I didn't have my glasses I've
left them on the floor when we were
doing somersaults so I've had a sprint
back Oh see if I can find him hopefully
no dictum guys they were sitting on top
of one of those bollards someone
actually picked him up I'm so grateful
so relieved
all right Florence I don't know where
I'm hoping near our hotel I'm looking
for a slice is actually my favorite
Italian sitting beautiful well arrived
our hotel the bathroom is I discovered
no well I put stuff in my room and now
heading back down we're gonna go for
dinner this hotel is like a maze the
stairs all over the place it's not like
one stair where you like walk down
stairs
to the ripeness wrestler unfair remiss
and they'd give me example people
carnies pepper
that is amazing pineapple suave
well we have absolutely delicious dinner
those meatballs are off the chain
Jessie's starting our own nightclub Wow
you guys are crazy in there right stroll
into the main square and we're gonna
jump on this beautiful merry-go-round
gefilte I'm gonna stick together
I'm gonna name my horse Eduardo come on
into our they did a good job
oh right back at the hotel I really need
sleep guys have not been sleeping this
week and I'm feeling a little bit under
the weather sleep deprivation
oh and I'm looking forward to tomorrow
we're gonna have a fun day exploring
Florence and just taking in all the
beauty of Italy and although I was here
three months ago is it's really nice to
be back here with some different friends
and I guess doing it a little bit
differently right I'll catch you
tomorrow
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
