good morning guys
we are heading up this morning for
another challenge I don't know what it
is something to do wheels basically
every challenge they gave us like this
little clue on the website and this
today's wasn't something about wheels
guys check out this awesome War Memorial
carved into solid a mountain
the police have segways in nice ones
your butcher
hey man this guy's well happy
exploring its little ribbon it's such an
amazing guys you're gonna win today's
challenge as well I think you might I
think you might because you're like the
most competitive person in China decide
he's the most competitive person in the
group
Ali wants to worry about yeah I mean I
feel kind of like bad see what you're
really negative character nah it's not
it's a good card guys as expected we're
doing a rollerblading challenge today I
don't know who's gonna win and they're
gonna judge us on skating style overall
attitude final move that we have to do
especially at the end so we're just
rehearsing now and I have no idea
okay guys well done
that was the second challenge complete
it was a hard decision but we have
decided on third second and first place
the ingenuity third place goes to Lily
and Shannon the Freestyle second place
goes to Joey first place for just pure
brilliance it goes to Megan and Justin
whoo guys congratulations Thank You
Louie I thought you had it
well the rollerblading challenge is over
and we want to stick around you got to
bring my swimming shorts down to me and
Jesse trying to find some board shorts
the by so we can get it on the beach
with it Pete's out some shorts got a
towel the others are waiting down at the
beach for me I just have to find the
others now
so we've left the beach and we are now
heading back to our hotel getting a few
things ready I think I need to iron a
shirt because we're going out to a fancy
casino tonight and there's a dress code
guys you ready for some classic French
parking
this is classic French parking he
doesn't care he's just like what so with
all the rollerblading this morning we've
worked with a better than appetite so
we're just selecting some paninis me and
Olli have gone for a meatball panini the
boys are gone back to the hotel and I
remember there needs to get my glasses
fixed so I skate you down the road and
I'm gonna wander into an opticians and
see if they can repair the bad news guys
they said they're totally broken they
can't be fixed but they've sent me to
another opticians and they said I could
try my luck there
she's kindly having a look for me sit
and find a similar arm guys a success
she is kindly put a new arm on it's not
the same color but I don't mind it means
I can actually wear my glasses again
yeah well we've all dressed up we're
heading out
but we've just stopped off on the way
because there is the most stunning view
I've probably ever seen just just here
looking over the coastline there's like
a massive cruise ship all these boats so
we're all we're all like getting all our
cameras out and going crazy
we'd like to wear if you a little drink
we have a right a perfume factory
perfumery we're gonna have a little
wonder around I've never been to a
perfumer it's for
so I have a theory this whole place my
finger is actually a front to a lip flap
we walking around and this just reminds
me of Breaking Bad and then I found the
meth I put them in those bowls
so what's in these bottles yeah she
really shower Giovanni yeah this fella
hmm well that was fascinating and I even
got given some oil to put my arms from
special oil because they extract oil
from all kinds of plants and things
heading to Monaco I check out this
amazing shark mechanical shark what we
all live in a yellow submarine
oh yeah that's a marine yeah it's up
rain we live in the endless up I don't
know if the rest of the lyrics
this is kind of a walk mind blowing
buildings architecture beers like hello
apparently can fit through here I'm so
warm guys it's wearing like her
button-up shirt
it's not good in this temperature this
is where rich men come to show off their
fancy cars at the front of casinos in
Montecarlo
oh look at how cool my car is
so we're back in Nice and before I head
up to my hotel room I had to come out
and get some snacks because every night
whilst editing I like 2:00 in the
morning I realized I'm very very hungry
so I'm gonna get some chocolate and
fruit and all this guy's that treasure
my snack for tonight for bounties packet
raju jaffa cakes free bananas Olaf Anna
what did you get only got our truck I'm
a can't be that I mean it's four euros
50 though that's pretty expensive well
it's been an awesome day in France
tomorrow we're heading to Italy for more
fun I'll catch you then peace out enjoy
life live the adventure
