hi guys - quail - Chicago
you're watching good morning guys it's
9:00 a.m. and we are walking to do a
challenge this morning it's like a group
activity I don't know why we're doing it
in the morning but maybe that's part of
the test to see how we perform we're
tired
as usual didn't get much sleep
lots of editing you may have seen me on
snapchat behind the scenes editing and
we're now walking this way and I don't
know you can see this guy's but we're
walking up that hill
this place is stunningly beautiful are
you feeling this morning on it
yeah really chilled out I had such an
amazing day yesterday and I just woke up
nuts yeah second day road trip I see
this
we got the part go out and we are just
gathering and they're about to announce
what the challenge is I think it's I
think so scavenger hunt cuz I've just
seen something that tree over there do
you think you're gonna win this Ellie I
don't know I don't even enter to the
back so the road trip 2014 we are here
in the beautiful park g√ºell built in
1904 a playground for the rich and
famous now is the location of your first
challenge we have hidden 50 of these
Barcelona hashtag no regrets in this
area and it's up to you guys to go and
find as many of these cards in ten
minutes
I'm low on 50 cards in total the
youtuber with the most card span time
wins
yeah Mediterranean highlights tall for
one of their viewers who have registered
on kentucky.com for a diver alligator
should have brought my glasses for this
one collaborating there's one here but
we're not have to start yet am I gonna
fight you get very very good no chitchat
I got two baby
I got two
Oh No
one challenge over
oh let's count up those cards okay I got
it
room four five six seven a alleyway I
knew it I knew it I were to place bets
so one of Ali's viewers got to win a
contiki trip and this is what these
challenges are you guys get to win
prizes if I win
sorry I let you down today how you
feeling Ally border well done really
so I'm like Erin I was rooting for you I
dreamed
what a time how did you guys feel coming
joint second ah you almost won you
almost won oh yeah I got a card the last
like three seconds so I was like this is
the winning card and man can I had like
a like a scuffle one but she too to them
yeah yeah yeah three which somehow even
though you're two feet taller than me I
got you and you jump for it you jump for
it squirrel moe
having a goat with flagging on this part
yessuh yeah well we've ducks back to the
hotel
to grab our swimming stuff and towels
and I got my penny board and we're
heading out the beach
Oh
to me
before we gotta lie on the beach we're
gonna grab some lunch this is just
glorious skies
lunch is served I'm also filling these
bytes it's musicals chilling on the
beach you actually can't wait till till
we finish lunch and go out for a little
swim just have a lovely lunch got a bit
of a dilemma now I don't want to swim
straight off the eing but we're leaving
in like 45 minutes
time for self right
let's go swimming
that was an amazing swim the water was
perfect like so warm surprisingly warm
so do you like the penny board
yeah I'm buying one yeah we're gonna
skate together let's do it
how beautiful was to say well we've been
chillin in a hotel for a few hours
they've all got dressed up and we're
going out to see some flamenco dancers
and get some dinner
I don't know really been quite so early
but I guess there's a lot of dancing to
watch so it's about 10 minute walk to go
and see the flamenco dancing I'm looking
forward to it
you're looking forward to Frankie
dancing Lily much I love dancing yeah my
love that late I'm making we get a
chance to try out maybe yeah maybe once
the professionals are done we're all
going to try out flamenco faces I'll get
up buffet meals there is a lot for you
to guys chicken trap yeah more chicken
that's not cheating on rabbit that could
be a rabbit you know the lips too small
the legs look too small to be a little
too long and skinny parently Olli isn't
very interesting
right
that was nuts
that was so good I cannot believe the
speed their feet were moving out
should we start from Inc Holly I think
we should me and Ollie gonna start
forming her lessons are you betting
we've now arrived at bar we'll see
what's this bar called with a very bar
to ferry bar this place is awesome boys
I'm just saying it reminds me of my
bedroom when I was younger I trees okay
blowing waterfalls I need to do this
again one day when I have my own
property and favor kiss you have a
little kiss good night denied how did
you find the flamenco dancing Shannon
that's good yeah since did it make you
want to try it I don't think I can do
that they go full and school on my face
and myself you're like I had to change
back into my vest this is way too hot
although it's nice to dress Miss Martin
out again I think we're all kind of
wandering back to the hotel now
just going to chill wheelbarrows hired
bet on the bus bet pick on the bus back
on the bus bet bet on the bus tomorrow
we are heading to nice in the South of
France is such a beautiful place I
cannot wait but it's an early start and
it's a long coach ride catch you then
peace out enjoy your life live the
adventure boom
