Debbie I knew my name is Tina originally
from Zimbabwe in Africa but I'm living
in up debbik in the event are everything
you are watching one of the choice
youtubers out there I don't even know
where is that in the world but I know
you're gonna enjoy this vlog peace good
morning guys it's like 9:30 or something
and
oh I'm at the Barcelona fantastic we're
getting on the court took action we're
heading off on a little tour this
morning of some cool stuff I don't
really know how you guys doing this
morning who would I return first stop
this morning is Sagrada fam√≠lia I think
that's how you pronounce it it's this
big
crazy-looking church Gaudi designed it
stopped finished it but it's pretty nuts
the air the shavon familiar behind me is
pretty much split into two parts
we know we can see the nativity facade
was the first part of the church that
was built and that was all that was
in 1882 is still under construction
today which means it's been a building
site for 132 years
guys it's just started raining none of
us hey guys this is Shannon she's one of
the Kentucky road trip crew not crew how
you finding Barcelona so far Jerry just
ran off
could you go excited about the bubbles
over here to be fair I'm quite excited
as well you excited Joey
I love bubbles bubbles are amazing yeah
you just burned it up
amazing Holly how did you like playing
with bubble doubts so much fun how are
you finding it Barcelona so for Justin
it's great it's humid today but it's
amazing otherwise yeah
there are things I mean though I love
being with the group as we get all this
knowledge that if I was to come on my
own I would never know Joey's being a
bum so we just jump back on the coach
apparently we've been given some
presents I like your new fashion just
found out this pavement is super
slippery oh yeah
yeah okay I was literally saying it's
super slippery watch this hope that
guy's alright
sink okay this guy though doesn't go
ahead
oh go check out this cool shop
so we're learning a lot about Spanish
history and it's pretty dark guys it's
pretty gruesome all these holes in the
wall from where this used to be like a
firing squad and people used to get
lined up against this wall and killed
before the Sun has finally come out and
we're heading to get some lunch
so this is a famous food market
Barcelona we're gonna have a no wonder
through then we're gonna try and find
something to sit down and with Jesse and
Deena and Ollie look at this guy look at
the size of these lollipops there's so
many crazy little animals
we swim up to this little crabs
what the
some guy just walked up to us we said it
in pickpocketed right here he's like
warning people to be careful so left the
market and we're trying to find the
place to eat right now you just want to
sit inside a restaurant somewhere cool
good Thank You Gus
so we've got some free time now and we
just found this cool like military
stores we're gonna go check this out oh
yes the end up m16 in our space oh let's
just go what run streets do that I found
the hand grenade
yeah
guys look how scary this is what are
those Teletubbies oh yeah oh yeah those
Teletubbies no I knew when they are
they're free just arrived to see me back
now we've got some new additions today
we should have been with you Ali because
you're like an expert Barcelona
well we've being chillin at the hotel
for a little bit got my vlog uploaded
and we're now heading out to dinner
and now for my next number I'd like to
return to the classic classic we've just
rolled into this massive shopping center
like a big cylindrical shopping center
it's pretty cool and we're going to go
and get some tap ass apparently
traditional Spanish food right we're on
this young banquet style table tear this
out and we just gave floor out food my
little food I think this is what a pass
is it's like little ready things with
stuff on it it's gonna keep rolling
around you're good
the monarchy
cheese and bread meat on bread what more
do you want I'm a little bit jealous
with the food is Anthony Joey have been
well they said they were vegetarians and
they've been gaining all this vegetarian
food I think maybe they are vegetarians
but still they they get it all this food
that we are getting special treatment
but we jumped off the bus the rest of
the going back the hotel we stayed to
check out some of the Barcelona night
long
that was a lot of fun our founders
Natalie that was really good fun really
really good for serger than a well that
was an amazing but exhausting day and
we've got another early start tomorrow
so I'll see you then peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure
