good morning guys is disco 6:30 a.m. and
we're jumped in the cab and it down to
Brooklyn Bridge we're gonna watch the
Sun Rise I'm feeling alright
how you guys feeling good never tired
but yeah it's excitement so we got about
10 minutes till the Sun rises we
actually started driving towards the
wrong bridge but I think we're at the
right bridge now and the other guys are
in the other cap hopefully they'll get
we are just trying to figure out the
best spot to watch the sunrise from
apparently is gonna rise in four minutes
they think we're gonna really see a
clear shot at the Sun though it's quite
cloudy guys look who we bumped into it's
Casey my morning run morning Ron this is
like a normal morning for him going for
a run at this time he's crazy go
gentlemen enjoy your sunrise
this guy looks like he was left under a
great snap
all right we're gonna go go enjoy the
rest here on
catch you later
so I think I found the spot sent my
camera here and now we just wait
we are now heading to get some breakfast
and a coffee maybe in Brooklyn
so we have strolled down to an area of
Brooklyn which is apparently kind of
cool and hipstery I'm going to try and
find some good coffee
guys this is literally my perfect
breakfast local yogurt with some granola
chopping across some banana and coffee
yes guys I'm so glad we found this
burgers amazing they've got their own
roasting machine
amazing coffee amazing we have arrived
at Grand Central Station and we all
needs to go and get his computer fixed
at Apple and we're gonna have a little
look around
probably little pizzas snack again these
pizzas snacks so good we're waiting for
a taxi or maybe a new bar orders to take
us to Central Park we're gonna be out
with Nick and Andrew just a ride back to
New York so yeah
reunions all around we're checking out
some nice photo opportunities get some
instagrams got a good Instagram it'll be
like the Battle of who gets the posters
will you been up to since you left the
UK man I have been cheapest we came down
here for a bit and then we went down to
North Carolina to a friendly is like a
Air Force pilot it's got to go see some
Jets I'm sure some of you have been
following his adventures and snapchat
yeah but it's nice to be back and
hanging out and we're gearing up for
this road trip it's gonna be so exciting
at the end of the week
so we jumped in the subway and we have
headed down to me
lily and Riya for some dinner Big
Daddy's we went there last night as in
New York it's a super cool dyeing up
good lots of yummy food but this might
be the first time I've done this but we
are 15 minutes early for our booking at
this diner 15 this early Wow
daddy's diner sir please take a seat
thank you dinner has arrived well guys
we've finished food I'm kind of having a
bit of food pain right now and we're
strolling fighting puffy and then we've
got a little surprise happening later on
which I'll tell you about we have just
got dropped off at this event basically
we're going to ORD escape the room some
of you may have heard of it it's this
like problem solving puzzles group
activity I don't think I'm allowed to
vlog in there I think it's a strict no
filming policy but all about it when we
come back out I think it's an hour and
we've got to solve all these problems as
a team together
I don't really know I'll give you the
lowdown in a bit
well we've finished guys but we didn't
succeed we actually failed the challenge
we got so close but we ran out of time
very frustrating yeah I helped it
straight if you announced it
we were like basically solving riddles
getting Keys getting numbers and we just
couldn't figure out we really we were I
want to do this again so bad so we're
back in Lille and Rhys the Klopman and I
think we are winding down for the
evening Steve is off first thing in the
morning there where are you going back
to well we drive back to Toronto to drop
off my car and I got a flyer at Toronto
back home to London and you and Matt go
near you and SP and then me and Benna
staying here and the else is here and
we'll and we're gonna be staying for the
rest of the week with Nick and and as
well but we're gonna miss Steve bro-bro
I'm gonna see you now for a while I know
I'm not gonna be back till like I don't
know when I'm gonna see you next man
Kate ah maybe Kate down next month and
you're doing blood to the rest of this
month yeah like another week or so if
you're not subscribed guys go check out
his daily vlogs at the moment get ready
also haven't told you Steve broke his
wrist today how did you do that Steve
five miles an hour opinion board and it
was like 6:00 in the morning and I have
my camera expensive camera on my side it
kind of swung round and I was like okay
I started to fall and I thought oh well
I'll save the camera obviously and then
like felt it crumpled on my wrist
naturally
over yourself not cool and it's he
hasn't got it put in a cost but he's
gonna have to get that thing ex-racer
x-rated eyes on my videos yeah
go and check out how his wrist is doing
anyway right I'm gonna sign up there
catch it tomorrow I think we're gonna be
planning a road trip across the country
me will ben mcadams we're gonna try and
end up in LA we don't know how we're
gonna get there basically fun in cookies
and we get cookies peace out
enjoy life and live the adventure
