hey guys a bell and this is my knees
Alexa we're from the Philippines and
you're watching enjoy welcome to
composition table please good morning
guys
we have arrived in Istanbul on our
layover to London I slept the whole
flight not surprising I literally had a
seven foot bed I could lay out ladies
loud
I've got a couple of hours here in the
airport and then
jumping on the plane so I don't know
where what we're gonna do I'm gonna do
man no just gonna chill how was your
flight
alright yeah let's find a little spot
something for a little bit breakfast got
chocolate croissants we've got copies
hey cheers brother
maybe Hinesburg really high
piping hot coffee burnt my tongue right
with chilled for a little bit coffee
guys chillin interactive buttons are
sweatpants
it's the world they reckon stick
chilling interactive buttons I fit it
makes it actually chills me out and
makes me feel way more relaxed we walk
into our gate now we still got two hours
to go into the flight very relaxed
you ready London back to London London
I love lumber right is it raining it
lump are you ready yeah you love
something in the right now I love London
zoom on back in London and it's freezing
wet and freezing
typical right Steve's got his bag we're
heading through I'm hoping my mum's here
I'm hoping she's here but she said she
might be late my mom is on the way and
what's the way I got a cheeky little
chocolate Tiffin and a coffee wait you
say man I've got the toast management yo
whoa right my mum and I see you've
arrived to pick us up how you doin Darcy
could be better in school and it's
typical British brain yeah how's the
weather been there it's been great
miserable but how deep refreshing since
the heat wave here yeah as a supposed to
be way to look at it I don't think I'm
so positive Oh actually yeah absolutely
nearly differential for anatomy
Oh
this is a very different feeling to
walking on I'm not into Mumbai go
remember Mumbai I love this though this
is my vibe man
no Rodney I love for me I leave that out
there noise I think me and Steve were
addicted to laptop Club so my mum has
dropped herself home we're still in
Rodney Steve needs to go home now and my
friend Nick's come to pick me up but
basically he's gonna be driving Rodney
because we're gonna go and see our
friend Rob who's not in a country for
long he's a good friend of ours so it's
a little bit rushed but um pit nuts
listen turn the key man okay neither
petrol time
all right Steve's off bro it's been an
amazing time by steer point two days
yeah sit late usually have a good night
man so hate alexia well yeah bye back at
the back right with arrived somewhere in
Kent I don't really know where and this
is Rob you may remember him from videos
last year he's one of my biggest
inspirations in life and we're gonna
have some food together and have a good
evening
cheers guys excuse me nice bangers and
mash
get some peas in the wet place on there
done where you go over there dude
we started talking some chicken are
basically at Nando's but pub style so
got the lemon and herb chicken got
grounded chips we've got very romantic
hair dinner music going on that as a
hello hello hello who's this who's this
ha ha he's so cute oh look at this cute
just give me a
so after a long evening together and
many deep chats catch it up with our
friend Rob we have headed back to sorry
and it's been quite amazing guys I wish
I could share in-depth stuff which I
love our ways it's been a good night and
a yeah it's been it's been a very deep
little bit emotional bar has been really
good at that start playing on a theme
them
it's good it's good guys a bit little
bit spaced out having literally landed
and jump to the car and it's gone up
when I bow we are heading back now and
I've got this video to end and I kind of
feel like I should really stay up all
night and do it but it's for this buffer
festival being in Toronto I haven't
quite finished it I either need to sleep
tonight and gather early and do it or
stay out late I don't know Suat alright
we're back in Cobham NICs heading off
and I'm gonna go into bed have fun man
thanks see ya oh yeah guys I'm tired and
it's only 2 a.m. this is brilliant
I'm actually perfectly in sync body
clock and country it's finally in sync
because we've stayed in English time
basically - and we're we're in Mumbai
any problem is I'm going to Canada in
like a day and a half and then my body
feels gonna be out of sync again I do
surprisingly bad with jet lag
considering I travel so much if you've
got any good techniques to get over jet
lag let me know I'll probably ask you
this before but I'm keen to know any
tips oh but it has been an amazing 9
days I think nine or 10 days away
Istanbul India such a good trip and so
much fun and Steve and yeah more
adventures to come this month sit
tomorrow morning peace out enjoy life
live the adventure bone
you
