hi my name is Rosa I live in Ontario
Canada and you're watching from really
enjoy all right 24 6:00 in the morning
for a science how's it positive a nice
fella boy your wake
Oh
thing we've been going about two hours
it's time for some breakfast
I actually said quite well in the van
like them laid out on the floor made the
little nests in the full of that
but this is being where I've been
sleeping the last couple of hours
don't be now stops at nothing services
and basically these guys are heading
into London but Tom's cousins gonna come
pick him up and think it's Kingston so
I'm gonna jump in the top now say
goodbye to the guys and then get picked
up by Steve Bucknam
hopefully maybe catch up with you later
Josh you got some important news what's
happening today
on my website Josh
what's your open called Phyllis Phyllis
right we've arrived in Kingston and
we're gonna go find Steve Hayden breath
you're right that song the tagline was
Steve for a little bit he's got some
shopping today he's going away
in a couple of days where you going to
waste a plane to Canada for like almost
three weeks
oh man I know I was away and now he's
gonna be away so we've got a couple of
days to hang out together
technolon will you buy what you like
having a central man ya know obviously
playing you should do a blog post about
your travel offense with me yeah and I'm
a are you doing nice to me Steve's
taking ages to pick what you want
apparently it's important skin products
for guys I am loving the weather today
guys so beautiful
why aren't you loving the river you
ready for cold Canada no is it no oh
yeah let's not talk about cheers Steve
go check it out panini
or this
we're all done
chopped up and fed so just go back to
Steve's and how some of you may
recognize from long time ago is helping
uh helping us basically do all our
packages to find the name ads and I know
a lot of you been waiting a long time
for deliveries we've been working really
hard and we are really sorry if there's
been like late deliveries or you're
still waiting for stuff but we are on
top of it don't you worry about that
everyone is getting it it's just very
like overwhelming with obviously you can
see like taking over stuff we are
working our hardest to try and get out
as soon as we can basically and I just
want to show you guys this cool little
this is now the the bracelets which you
guys know about this is our little pouch
and it shows nicely I can check to this
little label oh so we send about a
hashtag live the adventure so this is
basically like our little there no band
bracelet comes in here so you got find
the nomads on their hashtag little
adventure and this is like a little
drawstring here what brav that comes in
there and then you go in here hey what's
in there oh and then we have our
bracelet so this is all stainless steel
video I do need a new one yeah you do
you keep yeah you keep giving them away
I know but yeah so these are another
version as well so these are all
stainless steel so you can wear them it
will shadow ah a nice little bit on the
end yeah check it this is stainless
still there oh yeah on there as well so
it's all like nice and give me that yeah
look at that
perfect yes bro give me a bit of total
oh man
yeah yeah with less STIs Lexie's got
home phase coming out for a walk coming
back lovely evening hello it may
potentially rain later like nice nice
yeah I'm not even cold right you like
Steve's casual hat casual Steve I caught
it
hello oh you and Steve alright thanks
for the lift
back Steve yeah okay tomorrow
I have briefly popped back to my parents
to say hello cuz I'm that seen him since
I got back from America hey you guys how
you Darcy
this is nice unfortunately I can't like
stop too long because I need to head up
to London because I'm gonna be
celebrating with Josh for his album
launch today so I better head off
Freddie
well arrived in London a little bit
later than planned I'm happy to be up
here and Josh is waiting for me in
Shoreditch house we're gonna go and sit
by the pool and get hot chocolate and
celebrate that with more
oh you how you doing Josh good man very
tired
how excited are you about your oven
today man so amazing right we've jumped
back and rodney and we have i feeling
the tiredness today i'm having a late
night and travelling back you had a good
night Josh yeah we're both just being
like checking up on Instagram or Twitter
and seeing his like album garbage charts
and we're just has just been exciting
the city chillin out and celebrating
really all right I've got Josh off and
I've driven back to my parents house I'm
gonna stay here tonight I think I'm
gonna spend a bit of time with them
tomorrow and also guys I finally given
in and I've I've got snapchat and I
think I've think I've posted well I
think I'm just gonna do little updates
and maybe a few a day I'm gonna gonna
give it a try
I don't know it's a clash my vlogging
though yeah add me fun for Louie and see
how that goes right I'm gonna get some
sleep it's been it's been cooling back
in the UK I think I'm here for maybe 10
days before I go away again but I'll
I'll keep you guys up there my travel
plans and everything and
okay that's all right peace out enjoy
life and live the adventure boom
