good morning guys we are in Boston and
this afternoon we are hopefully going to
be heading into Canada on the next leg
of the flight we had a few minor things
and the plane fixed yesterday and this
morning and yeah we've also met art with
a map new you are introduced you to
yesterday you'll meet up later in the
vlog that he was the youngest pilot to
fly around the world back in 2014 so
he's gonna be joining us for the next
few legs just to you know just to have
an experienced well navigator on board
and yeah hopefully he'll be able to help
us alright we've grabbed a lot of bags
heading down to the car I'm more excited
now than I was when we left here in Bali
yeah yeah just this is more real like
I'm not starting out sighs this is
definitely where it gets real here
across the ocean going to like bring me
almost the Arctic Circle
excessively compasses are gonna be yeah
guys I just met this dude on the street
all right my name is captain incredible
just one word captain incredible Josh if
you see a big sign like a anchor like
that this is captain incredible Josh all
one word this is the Flintstones
complete visional Flintstones meets
Family Guy all my own lyrics move on to
the right here right now hooks up
ripping meet the Krypton's their
destruction of their body their problems
from the pound of cold ha their buffets
right out of this story what let's pop
with the family system bars drinks up in
we might end up on Mars wind or with the
Griffins we will fight with giant
chickens up in the kitchen
whoa ha ha giggity giggity goo yes that
guy was such a joker
right after the airport
so before we get to the airport we're
just picking up a few extra things
including I think some life jackets and
we need another from a satellite
tracking thing called an iridium GO and
what's the other thing
oh yeah we're gonna see we've got a
cigarette lighter splitter so we can use
the power which we got fixed in the
plane today I'm imagining most of the
trip we're going to be stopping off to
get little things you need
was the guide the packing the plane and
figuring out the route we're doing today
I just whizzed into town firstly to drop
off the ten and yoga mats that we slept
with the other night and Ken Valley we
can't bring those around the world with
us we are hanging those sleeping bags
though in case we can crash people's
houses and secondly I had to pick up
this an other adapter this is a
cigarette power adapter which gives us
power to one of our satellite tracking
devices and it also means we can charge
USB things and we can charge our laptops
and stuff in flights which is pretty
essential so I thought I'd better run
down and sort that out
and yeah like I said we will be sorting
out ongoing things throughout the trip
I'm sure we'll have little things go
wrong little extra things we need to buy
but Nick in general with pretty much
there we pretty much have everything we
need and yeah I'm pumped to be heading
to our next country
yeah hopefully ball goes to plan we'll
be landing in Canada tonight country
number two on the trip
what's the weather looking like but I
think we'll be okay definitely if we get
up there during the day yet it'll be
cool and we'll have all the audio
running in the plane again as usual say
these guys can update you with all the
technical information I'm actually being
relegated to the backseat for these
journeys because Matt needs to be up
front of the Jaypee keeping an eye on
everything so they'll be sitting in the
front and all obviously perched in the
backseat just yeah I'm gonna try and
learn as much as I can about flying and
instruments and stuff but obviously
these guys have been training for years
and they've done you know just extensive
amounts of education around it all and
I'm just kind of learning little bits
here and there a lot you're playing by
the way what is it pretty similar to the
210 handles a little better carries a
little bit more taxiing that thing and
then try taxiing this thing and I was
telling my audience you have a YouTube
channel tell them about it what the
videos about flying adventures so stuff
like this a lot of times stuff a little
bit smaller scale but here's some
interesting destinations go out fly
somewhere in a plane and have a good
time
it's youtube.com slash Matt yeah I'll
link it below and he'll be making some
videos well sir on this trip as well I'm
gonna learn a little bit about the best
ways to film inside the aircraft and
stuff we were chatting about GoPro
settings and geeking out last night but
yeah it's gonna be fun he's got like a
GoPro Hero 4 with a massive battery pack
which he can run for like eight hours on
the wing it is pretty impressive and the
plan is as well we would really love to
get a camera from there on the tail of
the plane I don't know when we're gonna
be able to fit that but we can have a
shot up here looking down on the the top
of the plane that'd be amazing oh and
we're gonna hopefully connect a 360 the
GoPro fusion on the wing here on this
mount and then we can do some over
capture where we can embed the 360 video
on the normal video and like pan around
the shot maybe a time lapse is what I'm
hoping to do that'd be pretty amazing
tonight's the night guys tonight like
we're we're gonna do the map every day
every day I say it but
we we just landed this little airport
what's another state this is another
state before anyway we just jumped in a
courtesy car and we're down to to a
place to get this satellite device that
we didn't get before and they gave us a
Mustang as the courtesy got this is
amazing okay guys we managed to get the
satellite device we only just made it in
time literally they were closing it as
we were rushing there we got it
and hence is gonna help us one of the
important instruments and the plane to
keep us safe so we're still waiting
around at this Airport trying to figure
out the best flight plan into Canada and
as we were waiting and we're just
finalizing plans I've reached into my
pocket and realized that I still have
marks he's and he's the guy that works
on the plane this morning
back down the last airport that we flew
from which is really bad because this is
he'll lend us his cars going to stay
somewhere last night so new I need to
try and get it posted back to him from
this airport which hopefully they can be
oK we've filed our flight plan and the
thing we need s permission to enter
Canada and we have now just whizzed down
the road to get some dinner before
getting on the plane so we have to give
him an hours notice before before taking
off oh it's good it's fine you saw it
was it seems like a complicated process
but well there's more complicated than
yeah you should see my inbox it's just
like we didn't have time to eat our food
so we're gonna eat takeout food in the
plane hopefully doesn't stink the plane
out too much
click the Italian equal back Bravo
Airport by the ps3 that has files and
expect seven thousand five minutes
departure squawk four seven three three
seven Centurion two ones are beautiful
this is pretty fast flying at night
actually feels completely different cuz
I thought really see out so I let's just
be a few little lights going faster
slowly burn yeah it feels way more cozy
at night and it's cool that we've
managed to grab some food and eat
takeout yeah this feels way more this I
don't know this just feels different do
any of the other four aeroplanes flying
I've done because we never flew
Zazu at night back in the mid beyond a
couple of years ago this is the first
like proper night flight we've done this
dress
actually I love it I love it and it's
nice because it's taller as well in the
heat of the day get really hot the place
even though we've got these little
Airmen I'm getting a pretty epic shot of
another with their weight no I like this
a lot better you can see the water over
there and some stars everything but you
see water off to the right a little bit
this whatever you just oh yeah
yeah so we're about how far out are we
were like deadly other way from land oh
yeah
Quebec City we had a few changes of
plans today big garage anyway deportment
picked up a Sat phone plans like five
different flights going to get up here
find somewhere where customs is actually
available trying to get all the way up
to acknowledge to go over the greens are
better than white working out so tonight
we're just headed up in Quebec City
where their customs here get some
slavery wake it up morning five hours of
you callow it published on the rest of
the day there and then hopefully the
next day body cream yeah this is really
nice that we got this river that just
runs right through the city that's
pretty much like here I've heard it's
like a very very nice City actually that
is beautiful
have you been yeah
you'll get now here is this where we're
parking okay we've just landed in Canada
we've just seen customs they've checked
our passports from inside our little
plane just cool and now we're just
grabbing our bags
uber has arrived heading into Quebec
City so we found a pretty nice hotel
lovely nearby and before we crack on
with it editing I find me getting around
to doing the map guys I've set up the
camera I'll show you a clip as we're
marking out hopefully where we're going
to be going we might need to shoot this
again for the documentary in a like a
studio or something but I'm doing my
best for the moment we've got the map
lay down on the floor and I'm going to
attempt to draw out our route it's
saying it's completely point it's
definitely going to try as it's changing
tomorrow literally changing tomorrow so
this is the docks oh yeah this is this
is all going well
okay Greece Egypt okay I just don't
follow the route this is this gonna get
us killed if we go this way possibly
it'll be interesting to see when we look
at our actual route when we land in 80
days how close to this I think it's
gonna end up being quite different well
I'll just say we're gonna fly straight
directly across the whole entire but I
was in rainforest that's probably not
gonna happen okay back to work that yeah
that looks pretty good that looks pretty
good I kind of want to say like it looks
like something like a guy with a hat
this kind of looks like a gutter like a
peek hat and this would be like the face
well it's 6:00 a.m. I've stayed up all
night editing I'm still not caught up
with my blog skies I'm so sorry
and the vlog Amedda things from the
from the day that the solar eclipse
happened some like four days behind I
think anyway I'm gonna get some sleep
now I think we're heading off relatively
early from Quebec City which is where we
are if I didn't mention and we are going
up
super-high north in Canada and then
across to Greenland the following day
and yeah I'm imagining I'm gonna be
napping a lot of the flight tomorrow
which I'm totally down for I may not go
to get everything up though we'll see
maybe I could do some editing on flight
in on the flight as well right
I'll see you in a few hours
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
