all right my name is Terrence I work at
the Bronx Zoo and you're watching farfel
Louie good morning guys
I am strolling down from Edwin's to go
and get a coffee and maybe a little bite
to eat quickly gonna do my laundry
before I head off that's good to get the
finer things out the dry out ah perfect
timing as well
let's go it's Rome so we're on our way
to the end well unfortunately Lucy got
tied up with meetings this morning so
she can come and say goodbye but she
said she'll be in the UK probably next
month say or get like say hello to that
but we did swing past the farms house
and he's gonna join us yeah okay thanks
for coming to join us on the airport run
quickly filling up Edwin's car for him
because I had him driving all over the
place yesterday
wherever you're taking us - fun it's my
story poster
yeah DK Donuts they got walnuts which
are combination of up and waffle and a
doughnut so this is a second day in a
row we're getting doughnuts and we're a
little bit late for the airport but I
think we'll be all right we'll be all
right
don't add some more important to catch
my flight only in America would you get
doughnuts with bacon on them that's
ridiculous
so this is a walnut waffle and donut
crust they made it just for us
right on
Wow all good guys good everybody
everybody good suggestions to pump yeah
this is crappy right we're ten minutes
away from the airport and my flight
takes off in an hour so I've left it
pretty pretty late usually you're going
to leave two to three hours for
international flight but I have checked
in online and it's my fault I just hope
one get my penny board on the plane
because sometimes they're a bit weird
about that but we've got to the airport
I don't know we're not gonna catch my
flight but
well I made it with minutes to spare and
I got my penny board through security
which is nice
and my flight is just starting to board
now
this goes with science lying in laughing
inside it's cuz with life inside
Londyn here I come well I've been on the
plane for a few hours and fortunately
today on losing eight hours of time
because I fly past the UK
so it's gonna be a bit of a shorter
flock but the good thing about flights
is gives you a lot of thinking time
also watching babies
bought a couple of movies so far mine
and I try and draw parallels to my own
life what I want to move is so if
there's some kind of like the main like
a plot that involves a hero and
something about safety you know saving
something or
making a positive difference change it
makes me like really connect with a hero
character because for me in my life I'm
getting pretty deep but in my life and
in my surroundings and environment the
people I connect with and have you know
interaction with like my once be someone
that isn't just being a hero for my own
glory base being a positive impact and
everything around me hands is making a
big difference even if it's facing fears
or
but then I just just dreaming bigger
than
I've talked to all that is expected and
believing that more is possible than I'm
used to so I don't know man is making
sense but I get my gun again getting
these deep thought processes when I can
I've got a lot of time to think so I
just heard you guys like don't sail for
the Manatee don't be one of the normal
people that just fits in and does the
normal thing and just question stuff and
think I guess question yourself like and
how can you be a hero in your life and
in those around - how can you impact the
world around you in an amazing way
so there's the thought for the day and
sorry that's a bit intense but you know
it's nice to have these kind of feet the
chat sometimes
but yeah it's been it's been an
interesting few weeks for me it's been
really really cool and I guess I get a
little bit
I kind of look at my life and a bit
reflective when I'm going into another
face into another place and
my mini la adventures over go that's the
UK now
yeah I want to be a vampire thing
stuff
so anyway when I land aren't actually
gonna be around for a couple of hours
and then getting straighten another
plane to Glasgow I'm gonna be meeting
with Josh records and going on tour
within three days I think Scotland and
then Wales and then maybe back to London
I don't know I'm just going to tag along
that should be fun
see you guys tomorrow for the next
adventure
enjoy life
