well it's 7:30 in the morning and we're
about to head to Steve's and then to the
airport to fly to Istanbul and my mum
has kindly offered to give us a lift
you're welcome oh my new camera
yeah brother I might why I'm prepared
I'll go to these guys yeah backup camera
you know Matt what you sayin Steve I'm
excited man never tired here man bar
ready to start the fun
just do it right over here
Thanks thanks for the lift mum you're
welcome
great time bye well you got that man get
it get it get it Steve
I just lightly no yeah yeah toilet I
miss you
I've got tickets let's do this
cheers bro hmm
guys are making an exception I'm
drinking orange juice because it's not
every day you're on business class in
Turkish Airlines you gotta have a little
treat also guys you might just notice
steve is vlogging you vlogging this
whole month October every single day in
this way yes
that is good news guys if you haven't
already go subscribe to stage every day
this month he's going to be blogging his
adventures
guys click my leg room look at my leg
room
so I'll start on the right this looks
very fancy
where they saw happen no way
guys we have multiple pieces of cutlery
this is like a proper fancy meal
now go nice they'll pass additional
mains
move
very nice
ladies a joke we have just landed please
remain seated with your seatbelt
fastened until the seatbelt sign has
been switched off when you start over
thank you
so we've landed in Istanbul we're two
hours ahead I managed to get a couple of
outs sleep in the plane I was going to
edit well it's just too tired to die
Steve match the Edit like the whole
thing goes out it's got this whole flock
missile hit more on it art than I am and
we are now walking to possible control I
don't really know what's happening don't
really know where we're going on to that
we check my emails
right first stop we need to get SIM card
for my internet box
boys away internet first then food then
coffee then we need to find out where we
need to go our hotels that have no it we
got Wi-Fi pick up
your snapchat and vlogging yourself
snapchat on snapchat in you vlogging to
say that Jane and I'm vlogging me
snapchat and you vlogging you snapchat
though that
all ready check this room out room with
a view we've got some room service hello
got a little lattes dinner cheese wait
cheers Steve yes mate Cheers
Bosh hmm Pizza time
so guys I'm just looking out over the
balcony and there's a massive firework
display going on we don't know why maybe
there's like some national holiday odd
man does anyone know in Turkey where's
the fireworks
maybe this photo it's every day that's
awesome I hope so all right check this
out right left the room we're now going
down to the lobby we're going to meet
some of the other youtubers who are on
this Turkish Airlines trip I don't know
all of them and then I think we're going
to go out for a big meal together
whoo ceiling that's cool wow I really
like that
right now with everyone there's so many
names to remember I don't think we're
gonna and we're just getting in this
little mini buffs we're heading to
dinner Brody
yo man hey what's happening oh yeah did
you find today I didn't fly today from
where Dallas Texas everything's bigger
in Texas
yeah it's not the case actually but like
said uncle her son flying business it
was glorious so good up and I had a guy
next to me that lady was to taking a
picture of everything yes I didn't feel
that bad from taking pictures of
everything as well but I love it
hi this looks cool oh yeah more pizza
bring our guys some delicious food back
back back to the hotel back to the hotel
oh hey Ron what you doing yeah that's
the back to the hotel but the bet honey
are in Turkey oh not the meat it's
actually a concern hi how're you feeling
safe now I don't like this these thieves
go back over your elevators you do yeah
well you should Tommy they were a little
box oh this one going down that's I'm
actually a lot fellow regal we're going
to bouncing down it's dead this is this
is a weird situation this is not cool
man we're going on a little adventure to
find a hot tub where Luke this is where
we going underground folder this is
where the guy had never sighs yes
can I just say yeah if we were walking
from our room in our towels to this
place breezy
like this really get it but also we even
in our hotel anymore I feel that we've
walked down the road guys we found an
outdoor swimming pool but it could be
freezing we're not sure basically the
indoor spa closes at 10:00 p.m. it's now
11:00 p.m. but we're going to
investigate see if there's maybe a hot
tub or there's a guy walking over there
over we shouldn't it's like it might be
a sneaky little hot tub Rhonda
yeah maybe that thing bro do you think
he looks really shallow though he's just
a fountain he's not yeah he's a colored
fountain and what's that
swimming pool is that cold we got laptop
Club going on and room service has just
arrived with our lovely cheesecakes and
coffee thank you so much well Stephen
may have been editing away for a few
hours and fully immersed in laptop Club
but we do need to head to sleep pretty
soon and we've got a relaxed day off
around Istanbul tomorrow so we're going
to see the sights and go to some
adventures catch you there peace out
enjoy life live the adventure
