hi everyone my name is Emily I live in
Berlin I'm currently at Tempelhof
airfield doing a little bit panty
boarded and you are watching fun for
Louie and joy so today I'm getting my
MOT done hon Rodney so I've left him in
the car park he's gonna get picked up
Dimity and I'm getting a train into
London whirly now jumping on the
Underground heading to little meeting
shouldn't take too long and I'll just
make Steve see these heavens to London
today I'm going to try and sort out the
camera stuff I was doing yesterday
so today's meeting is a lunch meeting
I'm quite excited about
it's in a coffee house down there
but I'm still suffering a little bit
from my vindaloo last night and this is
pretty much my breakfast so it's might
be weird you guys are just into the
toilet and I pissed open this door in
the cubicle and it's led into this like
back passageway in this building so I'm
gonna have a little explore down there
is cool random I'm still wandering
around looking at options for camera
stuff for the coming trip exciting
adventure away with Steve
I'm heading someone else you won't get a
nicer lens like telescoping stuff like
sunsets or that bullet tap copy Steve's
done a video on that you guys have seen
it nicely Oh coffee shop
this is pretty awesome I think I'm going
to get a field bag set lenses so just
spend about an hour in the camera shop
finally decided to get a couple more
lenses like legit proper new lenses not
old camera lenses which I was kind of
contemplating and I've bought a new bag
and I got a bunch of stuff ready to this
trip away we have an investment findings
we well worth it hope for you guys to
notice some pretty awesome shots in the
coming weeks my vlogs
away
they're changing the system Oh
my
John modernity sock
believe it when time
helper shame
than typography psychogeography all
right
I got psychology up
we all right
gather all your mother's potion
and then climb
in flower
swiping rush hour I've decided to go
home it's probably the worst time to try
and get the train but I've got new
things to sell
organized for traveling so
for those cosy train ride home right
back in Rodney
and actually while I was in London I got
Rodney and they teed I left my key with
the car my friend came picked it up take
it away and they eat it and I've got my
certificate here yes I've got four
advisories of things I need to sort out
near side front tire off side front tire
off side rear tire or close to the legal
limit need replacing right I've just
popped in to see Steve a little and
Alexia hey and I'm kind of surely see
what my cameras up casinos robe and he
knows no about cameras on me anything's
good do you think it's alright
yeah I think you did you wore the right
stuff ready for some adventures yeah
sorry so we're gonna get some good
footage and some good photos watch out
instagramming that's right again yeah by
the way guys if you don't follow see
when it's done he's gonna check the how
he's got some sick photos on there
please get ready as well for a trip and
I've got this cool little satchel bag
maybe I've shown you this earlier I
don't know but it's gonna be good
hey I think I Sasha goodbye so this
going here he's alright name this is
good for mobility then I can we can like
film preventers yeah
and then what I want to get your stuff
out weapons when you get to gets a
Beretta boom
don't set that guy off so it's sorted
hey I just got back I found out the
mouse I found last night is actually
part of a much bigger family of mice
according to my parents who have decided
to move into the house so we might be
finding some more mice around um in the
meantime going to eat some dinner and
have some laptop Club on my own so I'm
having a pretty relaxed evening just
getting some stuff sorted my laptop
before we go away in the weekend I need
to tell you you're saying when we get
back from Turkey in like about two weeks
me Steve been a whole bunch of other
people are going to be going to Toronto
for the buffer festival now if you're in
Toronto new Toronto on the 19th it's
actually the whole weekend we're just
doing a Travel Show the 19th but it's a
17 19th 19th I really urge you to calm
down it's going to be amazing it's gonna
be a lot of fun we're going to be
screening videos that we haven't shown
you guys we're going to be doing q and
A's and we're getting gonna get to meet
a bunch of people all you need to do if
you are around is head over to bar
festival com4 slash larico and you can
just purchase a screening ticket I think
is it less than one hundred tickets left
yeah you just go through there I'll link
it all below anyway I'd love to see you
if you can make it and if you're not in
Toronto then maybe some of the time but
it's going to be it's gonna be a lot of
fun nice I think
era mouse
well I had an unsuccessful mouth hon
these are cheeky little guys you're not
gonna have to get him easily maybe
another night I'm gonna head to bed now
I've got a really big dentist thing in
the morning guys the other day obviously
I had my checkup and they just kind of
looked or needed any I've got quite a
few fillings that I got they're gonna 30
tomorrow I'm worried they're gonna have
to like drill out the insides of my
teeth and stuff they're not like really
rotten they're just eroded because I
like grind my teeth and I oh I saw a
mouse
sorry you rarely class way to do anyway
I think I'm gonna get some sleep
ready for the dentist tomorrow see you
guys then
peace out enjoy life and live the
adventure
