well hello there guys long time no see
on this channel welcome back today I'm
gonna be vlogging it's really early in
the morning right now it's about half of
us five and I am up because not what you
think because of the baby actually yeah
I'm not because of the baby because she
just had a feed but normally I go back
to sleep between this feed which is like
five o'clock and the next day which is
eight o'clock but I've got the worst
tummy ache ever and I've had it all
night started at about ten o'clock last
night and I just had the worst night
sleep because I just haven't been to
sleep because of tummy ache not because
of the newborn baby because she's great
and she sleeps well it's just not always
Lee but she slept tonight she's actually
just she slept between 11:00 and 5:00
which is amazing so in terms of sleep
wise I'm doing good but today not so
good can't work out what the problem is
I never have to me ache and it's like
really high up like in your actual tummy
and I it must have been something that
I've eaten got a point now where I feel
really hungry so coming out says I'm
gonna make some porridge today is
Valentine's Day it's makes it such a
mess in here as well guys just ignore
the mess in the background today is
Valentine's Day so I thought I would
vlog our Valentine's Day the first ever
vlog since we had Little River and we
are staying in tonight I think Mike's
cooking I have an appointment with my
personal trainer at 9:00 and I couldn't
sleep I was like I'm just gonna get up
and start my day I lost five because
it's not that early and usually like I
wouldn't think anything of 6:00 but it's
like when it's 5:00 I'm like mm it seems
quite early anyway gonna make this
porridge can eat it happy Valentine's
Day to me
the baby's asleep with Mike in case
you're wondering where she is she's gone
back to sleep fine
on another note at 5:00 in the morning
when I'm making porridge these new
sausage dog table top things are making
me happy that's such a cute color my
tummy is feeling a lot better after
eating that and I just posted this
picture to my Instagram
this was taken almost a year ago in
Japan how crazy I don't know where the
time goes especially this past year when
I was pregnant it just flew past I love
this picture I want to go back to Japan
so bad so whilst mike is asleep I'm
gonna wrap up his Valentine's Day
present we normally exchange gifts on
Valentine's Day
first thing in the morning but I think
today we're gonna do it at night because
he's cooking and he's at work all day as
well so I just thought would be nice to
do a night and I've got him
a little sneak peek before he sees it
these aviator goggles now you're
probably wondering what the hell why
would he need flying goggles basically
mike has been lusting after a car called
a Morgan three-wheeler
if you don't know what it is I suggest
you google it it's basically like toad
of Toad Hall type car and he's finally
ordered one and it's coming next month
and these are two wearing it because it
doesn't have a roof or a windscreen
hilarious and I've also got him this
sign for his courage he's gonna love it
I think I've nailed it I think I've
nailed it I also have a card for this
instead
so this is my favorite part of the day
at the moment is picking out little ones
outfit every morning and come into her
room and pick out a little outfit for
her today she's wearing this cute little
pinafore I'm not entirely sure how
practical this is gonna be because she
hasn't worn it yet but it's so cute and
she's got a little Zara kind of body
shirt thing it's got like her body
attached to it and some great heights
and her little white cardigan which on a
side note this has been her most worn
item probably out of her whole wardrobe
and it was from Mothercare she's super
super useful it's like a thick white
cardigan she wears it all the time and
her little vest to go underneath it as
well because it is cold outside
completely failed at my first day back
blogging of having my little mummy rake
I have not flogged since this morning
hello piggy basically I went for workout
with my personal trainer and my mom
because my mom started working out with
me which is really exciting so I've been
trying to convince her to workout for
years years piggy years and treacle oh
goodness
so yeah I went for work out with mum
what's actually really good because I
haven't I feel like it was the first
what's only like my second proper
workout but I feel like she pushed us a
bit harder this time
and oh my god my cardio fitness is so
bad like a joke bad so I need to work on
that but baby steps and then we popped
in to see my grandma and she had a
problem with her and cold has to go to
the doctor and it ended up being one of
those days where I was like oh just
dashing about but I did just get my
nails done look how amazing this looks
I'm super super excited about this I've
never had this level of glittery polish
before look at that in all its rose gold
glory we're actually off on holiday next
week skiing so I was super excited to
get my nails done because they were
looking really bad also if you're
wondering what this thing was behind my
nails how cool is this picture that my
friend Gareth got me for Christmas I've
only just seen him
last week that's why it's down here now
we're gonna put it on the wall over
there it's made out of stamps was
obviously made out you can see you can
see with your eyes that it's made out of
stamps isn't it cool I love it
so I've just got home mike is on his way
home now he has been at work today but
he's cooking tonight he's cooking a
romantic dinner and I just got home to a
mountain of posts so I'm gonna open up
some of the post I know what some of it
is her ski suit I think has arrived so
I'm going to show you that and then I'm
gonna I think I might have a gin and
tonic I think Wednesday night
Valentine's Day will call for a gin and
tonic or maybe a glass of red wine just
as I was about to show you all the
deliveries that came today Mike's got
back with food yay so I'm gonna start at
this end
I've laid them all out I just got
massive a source of order that I must
have made last night during the night
feed basically I had a load of stuff in
my basket you know how it like saves it
and I'd been every night at like 4
o'clock in the morning when she's
feeding I like add more to it and
obviously last night older day I woke up
this morning thinking I must order that
I saw stuff and I'd obviously done it
already good job I didn't order it twice
well you can always send it back
delivery from Mothercare of spare breast
pads because that's really sexy and
little bugs snowsuit how cute is this
this is from there my cake collection I
looked at loads and loads and loads of
different snow suits and this was the
one I'd satisfy in the end although it
does actually look fairly small I'm
gonna have to try it on her and I hope
it fits because I think we're leaving in
like two days so we don't have time to
get a bigger one if she do you think
she'll need a bigger one in this it
looks quite small doesn't it hi by the
way
happy Valentine's Day I've already
logged about me shopping have you so
tonight I forgot about actually vlog
with me shopping and then I'll be a
surprise me--i when I'm gonna start well
I haven't seen you since this morning so
I was excited and then I also got this
from Elizabeth Arden today a box of Milk
Tray
that says be mine Fleur not very good
for the shrinking tummy situation right
now and then I also got this this is
actually this blew me away when i opened
it I'm if I'm honest it's from Chanel
but it's for River I haven't opened
card yet look at this says her name and
her birthday how beautiful what a lucky
little girl to get a teddy bear from
Chanel very spoiled and then these are
actually for Mike haven't shown him them
yet I was going to wrap them up and give
them to him as present but now he's here
it's just gonna have to have them
unwrapped but yeah
stronger with you which is the fragrance
that he wears he's almost out of it
actually as well and the new shower gel
of that fragrance smells amazing and
then I also got a massive pile of
underwear and a bra because because I'm
breastfeeding my bra size is like all
over the shop and I had to order bigger
sports bras I tried all my sports bras
this week and they do not fit so yeah
and some new underwear because why not
well I'll tell you why because I've been
wearing massive granny pants for the
past few months because I've had a baby
so I thought we can treat myself to some
new underwear not particularly sexy
underwear
on a sidenote with Victoria's Secret
actually massive props to their customer
service team because the delivery of
that underwear I ordered it like three
weeks ago and I didn't realize until a
few days ago that hadn't arrived so I
went onto their tracking system and it's
showing us deliver it sounds like on
that obviously gone like to the wrong
dress or something I literally message
them on their like instant messenger
saying hi this is my order number never
arrived and they just reply saying no
problem we'll send you a new package and
it arrived two days later I think that's
very good they didn't like literally no
fuss also another thing that happened
today my mom gave me this book
she has been raving about it for the
past month she's I think was four of
them out of and it was gonna be sevens
it's called the seven sisters but
there's four that she's written already
the other ones haven't been written yet
mom says they are amazing so I'm excited
and fun fact this image on the front I
saw it and I was like I've been there I
know this and it's actually taken from
villa carlotta in Lake on Lake Como
where we went I've been there twice but
we went there this year in June and
they've changed it slightly because I
was like I've been there I'm sure and
look back through my photos and they've
taken some statues off here and they've
added this little sir
thing and they put and like a beach in
front of it instead of the lake
recognize it instantly very funny
so we have the pad drawn peppers in
there they are shimmying up this is the
pastor kind of sauce well it's kind of
like a bit of a wrapper - we kind of mix
with a few bits turn in so I'm gonna
stick the prongs in there in a minute
and I go there was some broccoli and
some asparagus over let's put in and
faster to cook 10 minutes to go
countdown is all why hello there mr.
Valentine's Day share that looks
spectacular does that check you out what
is it can you tell us
it's just surf and turf ratatouille
pasta special she's made it up this
looks delicious is filip yummy asparagus
broccoli pea pasta look at a steak
yah-hey haven't had a steak in a very
very long time you need to sit down my
darling okay guys present here is a card
from me and a card from the little beam
and I had to share this red wine with
you all this was the discovery recent
discovery thanks to my brother-in-law
it's a Portuguese wine called smart dog
it's probably the tastiest wine I've
ever had I don't normally drink red wine
this converted me it's really delicious
and it's got a sausage dog with the top
hat and the molecule on the front I mean
could it get any better what do you
think pig good choice and firmly Mike's
reaction I mean to what I showed you
earlier already first morning yourself
pretty much what good
do you know what this is no you don't
know I've got a hint because I got a
feeling I'm oh yes best present ever is
amazing why I've explained why when I
was rapping this morning laughs put them
on show everybody no no oh my god I'm
gonna say what to say today
there's this one as well okay oh it's
really heavy much mics guzzled his wine
I finally drank any actually I have
actually kind of Gaza lines up three
girls over here happy I've also got a
little package over here guys oh I'll
show you what I've opened it someone is
a spoiler guys look at this so beautiful
satchel silver Burberry satchel you are
very naughty things new I nailed it
maybe naughty but I've treated myself
this year so I owe her eight very
spoiled there's a lot of time today what
was that little addition you had there
MDF you like though you need warm water
spoiler what I was like you can't have
one anything more than this yeah look at
it so shiny
it's shiny guys we've got a little third
wheeler this Valentine's Day look at her
outfit she came prepared he really is a
spoiler guys rice pudding this is
actually he didn't make it
it's the best rice pudding ever see
Rachel's divine one right that was
called
so good so I thought I'd show you a
quick sneak peek of the a source stuff
if you can hear farting it's the baby
it's not me funky Shh
this I actually just tried on her when
she was asleep snuck it on her and it's
actually big it looks really small but
it's actually quite big for her I'm
undecided whether or not to try and get
that up to one month because obviously
it's gonna get warmer and then by the
time she's like the perfect size for it
I don't know I'll try it on her tomorrow
when she's got like proper like daytime
clothes and see and when she's awake and
she's like not totally still and curled
up and I also got this swimsuit on to
the a sauce stuff I actually really like
this I thought it was gonna be way too
sexy there's a like spa in the place
that we're staying in next week kind of
like a sauna and stuff Mike is watching
TV in case you're wondering it's
actually really really nice and really
flattering because it has these bits on
the edge like elongate your legs and
then this bit kind of I don't know it's
just really nice and I'm not quite there
with the bikini yet so I wanted to get
an all-in-one I really like it and then
this one is an ace awesome brand dress I
actually got this in my normal size
which is a 10 but it's slightly too
tight on the waist still but I think a
bigger size would be too big everywhere
else so that one's gonna go back I also
got a plain white t-shirt because I
tried on my plain white t-shirt that I
have already yesterday and it has holes
in it so I got a new one that's going to
keep and then this one I'm unsure about
let me know what you guys think this is
a suede
pink suede biker jacket these bits um
they're like tissue paper over the
zippers I'm not entirely sure about this
what do you guys think do you think it's
too pink I kind of love it and then I'm
kind of like mmm like in the middle and
then lastly I got two pairs of black
skinny jeans because my maternity jeans
are getting to the point where they just
fall down now and my old jeans are too
tight still so I wanted to get a pair of
jeans a size up from my normal size for
the next however long before I get back
into my old jeans and I think I'm gonna
keep these ones these are a sauce I own
brand I think there are about 20 pounds
and then these are mango ones these are
a bit thicker but they're a little bit
bigger where
these ones kind of a bit more stretchy
and they're shorter as well I also like
that they have the rose gold studs so
I'm gonna keep these ones and those ones
going back so we are gonna feed a little
one and then head to bed so that's gonna
be up for the vlog guys I hope you
enjoyed it or first log back I didn't
manage to get any makeup on but I did
manage to get out the house on time and
get everywhere and saw everything
outside maybe tomorrow I will get makeup
on you never know I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I'll see you very soon
bye
