hey guys so I thought I would film a 29
week pregnancy update today and I'm
gonna turn this into half update like I
normally do and half vlog because
treacle is drinking water so loudly
treacle could you do that any louder
because today I had a check-up a baby
checkup and I just feel like I've got
stuff to say Oh piglet is now jumping on
me like piglets got her light up collar
on cuz you've been outside haven't you
Pig oh goodness it's all go I just got
back from London it's been a really busy
day in case you're wondering why I
probably look a bit tired and disheveled
so anyway I had a baby update today
appointment Oh baby brain fine I also
have my first and we'll our first we
have our first MCT class tomorrow so I'm
gonna vlog before and after of like what
we think of it and how it goes and by
the way I say we cuz mic sitting over
there doing some work hello he's tired
he's that long day because I don't
really know what to expect from NCT
because half the people I know say it's
awesome and they meet loads of really
nice friends there and everything and
then the other half say it's rubbish and
is a bit kind of tree huggy and I think
it really depends on the person holding
the class like if you get someone who's
quite open-minded to different people
and different kind of like ways of doing
things then it's cool but if you get
someone who's like pushing certain like
their opinions or whatever on to you it
can be quite tricky so we'll see we're
basically hoping that we meet some nice
friends in the area because we a lot of
my friends live in London for Starr and
we don't live in London and then also
most of our friends don't have babies
yet so that's the main aim of going to
NCT as well as learning like about birth
and all of that jazz of course but
people you're gonna fall off my lap this
dog is being ridiculous so yeah that's
what this video is gonna be today I'm
like twenty nine weeks and four
four days and I had my checkup today and
everything went so well and I just came
out of it feeling so happy it's actually
like everything was fine except for the
fact I've gained probably twice as much
weight as I probably should have done
this month but regardless of that I came
out of the appointment feeling so
positive and just really really happy
and the whole team who I saw today
because I had to have some Bloods taken
and like obviously look my blood
pressure and all that and different
people did in they were all so nice like
I just had such a positive experience I
came out feeling really positive and
everything and just excited and the baby
they did all the measurements and the
baby's doing really well and I got my
glucose test results back and apparently
they are perfect which is awesome and
all my new blood test results as well
which were perfect so everything went
really well and I was super happy with
it and then I had a meeting this
afternoon with my management team piglet
you are actually falling off the sofa
right now come on in the one I mean the
dog situation come on we can lift you up
happy now yeah I had a catch-up meeting
with my management company and we were
just talking about everything that's
happened in the past yeah plans for next
year we basically do this once a year
and just have a big kind of brainstorm
and assess everything that's happened
and all of that jazz and it got me
thinking back to like everything that's
happened this year and how long this
year seems because obviously it's
divided into two parts being before the
baby and then being pregnant and
obviously the baby is due like right at
the end of the year so it's gonna be a
whole new world for me in 2018 a whole
new world
Aladin know what else so it's gonna be a
whole new kind of chapter in 2018 it got
me thinking about it so I was thinking
also about the fact I hadn't posted
anything on Instagram for a couple of
days
because I'm such a bad Instagrammer
haven't had anyone to take photos for me
because you've been waking up and
leaving so early so I was looking back
old pictures and I was like oh maybe
I'll post something like from you know a
while ago and I like randomly flicked
all the way through my like timeline and
it came up with a picture from Japan
which was right before I got pregnant so
I posted this picture with a bit of a
cheesy caption being like you know I
can't believe this is seven months ago
so much has changed that's right before
I fell pregnant and basically you're
saying thank you to you guys for always
being so awesome and all of the support
and love over the past few months and
how excited I am to kind of get started
on this whole new chapter in my life and
like share my experience of it because
I've been sharing my life and kind of
vlogging and whatever being an Internet
person for us eight years it's just over
eight years now and that time has just
gone so quickly it's unbelievable so
I've put this post up and then so many
of you wrote the most amazing comment
and it just got me really emotional and
it just made me want to vlog and just
tell you all how wonderful you are
so yeah week 29 so far is awesome going
really well
feeling really happy and yeah everything
is good the checkup was great and I feel
really excited like over excited for the
baby now I'm like come on the next two
months I want to like just like I'd hate
to wish time away because I know you
shouldn't do that and it's also like the
last few months that we've got without
the baby so I know we should savor them
because everything is gonna change and
we're gonna have less time for ourselves
and all that but I'm just so excited
anyway so that's my update for tonight
and on all the medical jazz and I will
see you guys tomorrow we're gonna vlog
our experience of NCT and we'll see what
it's like we're booked onto the
essentials course so it was the only one
we could actually get
wanted to book onto the full course but
it was fully booked up and I booked this
months ago out back when I was like two
and a half months pregnant or something
crazy I was surprised it was like all
booked up anyway so there's three
sessions tomorrow night's two hours then
this Saturday we've got a whole day I
think it's like nine till four or
something yeah I told you about it
months ago
oh dear we'll talk about that when we're
off camera and then next Wednesday is at
another two-hour session so we shall see
see you tomorrow or another no these
guys have been housebound most of the
day and they've had someone come in to
let them out a few times but we haven't
been here and they are loving this you
know girls hello beautiful I'm sorry I'm
verbal day tomorrow
yeah will you help me do some work Yeah
right hindrance is what you'll be she
turn this light off
considering you're no longer outside Hey
so my first fail at NCT vlogging guys I
forgot my vlog camera so we're vlogging
on my phone we are on our way to our
first NCT class yeah I said yesterday
really I'm not entirely sure what to
expect
basic aim is to meet friends with babies
and learn something about having babies
so we just got back from the NCT class
can you tell my guys name by John step
where's the space for me here so we just
got back actually wasn't as bad as I
thought it would be the people were nice
spires very disappointed cuz there was
only three other couples like it was
tiny I thought there'd be a lot more
people so like the pool for me to
straighten out my drawing yeah there was
what you say like a few kind of random
things like she's without explaining she
like went into like a we're just gonna
do a meditation saying now we're a
little bit like right okay Lee run I
thought if I wanted it to be a bit more
factual rather than like yeah I thought
it was yes did you like meet people but
yeah I mean the only negative I think
was the fact that the guys everyone else
in the class is giving birth month
before us basically yes actually around
us actually not yeah one of them's like
six weeks ahead and the others are both
a month yeah seriously kind of not
really they've kind of been through and
done the stuff at you actually coming
together in months I think because I
think this time of year is one of the
quieter times get a baby pair of my
socks
because it's a quieter time to have baby
I think there's like they group them
like a long period of time together yeah
so that's a shame and there was like not
many people so yeah a bit disappointed
we have a full day of it on Saturday
though which some of it was quite fun
some of it was quite fun he died it
madam who you thought what if you'd have
taken me it would have even been so much
more fun with you piggy do you want to
come on would learn how to put a nappy
on you what are you doing I think also
like the part for me that will be like a
lot of it
kind of know from reading bugs I think
the baby care stuff will probably be a
bit more relevant because it's relevant
for everybody because as well like when
you're talking about labor stuff it's
like you don't really know what how
you're gonna feel until you're there I'm
very much a believer in like you know
how people or some people have like a
very set birth plan and they want this
and that music and like this and that to
happen I'm like I'm very well aware like
you know what's gonna happen so you like
a lot of people right a birth plan you
just you're not taking this seriously
how you make a lot of people right a
birth plan and then don't end up
sticking to it because they're like
things change or they feel different or
whatever at the time you he's like fine
she's fine but yeah so it was better
than I was I was expecting to be full-on
rubbish because some people have said
it's like the most useless thing in the
world I don't use I think it's just it's
one of those things I think if you
haven't done any research whatsoever and
actually looked into things then yeah
it's very useful stop that missus behave
yourself don't be a brat but I think
when you've done a lot of research I
knew that yeah and I think as well
they're also its yeah I think it's I
think I don't know I feel like it was
quite a biased opinion of the kind of
medical profession and kind of I don't
know just it was it didn't feel very
neutral does that make sense
yeah yeah you're looking at stuff but
not that it's not probably thought the
lady dude was very good but I'm just
saying I didn't feel that the the topic
matter is kind of very much leading you
down path that it's kind of seem that
that's what you're supposed to do as a
midwife LED yeah instead of actually
discussing what are the pros and cons of
other things maybe they are happy yeah
cuz whenever they were the stats I'd
only ever get one like she did only ever
bring out at one set of stats for each
thing and it would always be the stats
are showing like the Midwife LED units
have like less intervention
but then you know it's probably like but
but at the same time I don't you know I
know I didn't know you might differ a
little bit it's a little bit and
especially because there are so many
people that have different expect to
explain both of them then it's so hard
cuz I also think that if someone's
leading everyone has an opinion about
birth and if someone's leading a class
if she is gonna buy a space on her
experiences yeah because I'm having her
children so it was interesting though I
think yeah we're gonna go but because
initially we were like if it's rubbish
we can go to the first class and then
not go back I think we should go back
I think you should go back without you
yeah that's not gonna happen I think
I've got things to do
no you gotta learn how to change nappies
I'm gonna deal it out she's so
ridiculous
what are you doing so that's gonna be it
for this vlog guys kind of random ones
like a 29 week update and a NCT first
impressions and Mike being five and
sticking things to people's faces
see you soon bye guys say bye pig see
boy
say bye oh you're so cute you're so cute
even if you do lick me in the face
