good morning guys welcome to my Thursday
morning today I'm just sitting down the
film is my little camera I am filming a
little Instagram video of me doing my
makeup today this is what's going on and
I sounds so croaky I actually haven't
spoken today because I'm on my own with
a flat obviously like I haven't spoken
to anybody so I sound like a frog I've
just got ready and tidied the flat
everything is looking pretty tidy umm
apart from a massive bin bags I need to
take out I thought it would show you my
very boring outfit from today because
this is what it looks like I'm basically
wearing all black I have pretty limited
clothes here in the flat so I'm wearing
this is are a shirt which is a couple of
years old now but I really like it
because it has the zip just really easy
to wear then I have on these jeans which
are my Stradivarius ones I actually
really like these I showed these in a
whole video a lot of people commented on
them they're the ones that have the like
leather panel on the back pocket I've
really really liked them have one at my
River Island boots and I'm gonna pop on
my giant Topshop coat and this cashmere
scarf as well I got given when I was in
Bordeaux and I loved it so yeah pretty
simple outfit of the day today I'm going
to three meetings today and then I have
a shoot with Elizabeth Arden this
afternoon which I'm very excited folks
they're launching a new spa on Oxford
Street that I'll tell you about when I
get there but I'm doing a blog post for
them so excited about that I feel
actually really tired
my secret shoot yesterday went on all
day and we were outside in the cold and
you know when you get so cold the only
way to warm up is like have a bath I
felt like that but I don't have a bath
here I didn't get back here until about
midnight because I ended up going to a
meeting straight after the shoot and
then I went for dinner with my
sister-in-law
so yeah just disappeared and we were
catching up about everything and um yeah
that's what's going on I feel like I
could stay asleep in my pink chair also
oh my god I forgot to tell you guys I
Skyped my last night and saw piglets
while all of the dogs have had a heck
but piglets new haircuts I'm excited to
see it tonight Mike doesn't think I'm
gonna like it so I'm also a little bit
nervous but I feel like it's such a big
deal I feel like it care more about
piglets haircut than my haircut that's
kind of silly but yeah
sad but true so I started off today with
a bit fail this morning because I
thought my first meeting with the
burners happened actually at our house
so now I'm nicked and I'm walking but
hopefully the only problem happens today
really hungry I had like a 20 bowl of
cereal this morning it was like 11:00
now little bit I can eat snacks meeting
moms who down I'm now on my way to my
third meeting of the day back in Soho so
just been at the Charlotte Street hotel
now I'm walking back down the street
townhouse and we're like I've been a
yo-yo today it's been going like here
there and everywhere it's good nothing
else went wrong so far this is my third
time walking past this are today I had
to come in I really want this dress I
think they have like a new design so I
don't normally have black coat rails so
something changed
it's like a new one oh my goodness guys
are so busy on Oxford Street right now
but I just noticed they put up the Stars
they're not lit yet but look at this
NSPCC little stars I love it my favorite
Christmas lights this busca is playing
the Pink Floyd song right now that Mike
and I had in the church
like a rope version of it I know my
brother Saget I like pizza Christmassy
right now
even though it's like October the 1920s
when I was a fellow croc Tamers gone so
quickly
okay I'm kind of walking two million
people right now the life I love this
when you can cross like any way you like
walk diagonally across oh monopoly I
made it down to debenhams guys this is
where I'm going for a facial especially
like glowing
what was it been like that for I feel
like I haven't really noticed that it's
like glowing orange
so I just had the most amazing facial
honestly so so good I really loved it
and she had this like little extraction
like plate thing and was getting all of
the crap out of my face I'm wonderful
second I'm now in super glamorous prep
in the station waiting to get home
because my pains help for like another
40 minutes so my dinner go a hot chicken
Chipotle burrito which yeah the last one
left
nailed it they didn't have any Swedish
meatball wrap yet wraps left popcorn bar
which my favorite and then green
goodness
I feel like this morning I felt like I
was really hungover I was really
confused about everybody had like three
drinks but actually getting ill because
it's got worse throughout the day and
now I just feel ill as opposed to
hangover so not good I'm really annoyed
a about the cold like Oh two weeks
ago and now I'm getting ill again I'm
gonna be really just it should be office
I just got home just got not I'm excited
at all on what this one looks very
handsome this evening hello there
you look good in black Collette my
matching you're both in black today and
I just had a facial
watch the water you duffer I think it's
really good just face is still attached
to those bodies still attached but they
did like proper action they have this
like vibration plate when they're
working and it like gets all the
out your face
but what Oh so I texted my I tried to
bring you three times I'll soon trial
and then I texted you is now I was nine
I texted you at 7:20 I waited all day
I'm sorry and said I'm too hungry to way
I'm eating the station ok twice what is
this beef so I could be to stroganoff
beef stroganoff was it go mushrooms is
everything
Nicias and got to show you guys this
because my three little bears are
looking at spiffy these guys got the
haircut yesterday
squeegee gonna show everyone she's like
no we just had a trim she was very
beautiful
you do look so beautiful squidgy and
this one I think your hair turned out so
well piggy definitely the answer to the
flu look how much less fluffy she is and
the girl sure is so cute you know it you
know it and treacle here is so snazzy I
think out of everybody treacle looks the
best when she's clipped look at her
she's so beautiful look at you tricky
look II you know I'm not talking about
you you think I'm talking about you I'm
not I'm so beautiful you are you're such
a beautiful girl what is going on right
here serious animal loving piglet it's
not always about you does it's like I
want to give a cat and treacle piggy
piggy don't be so annoying Jeffrey to2
facing the cat away chasing the cat for
cuddling treacle oh my goodness poor
baby girl I switch buddy hard they're
looking tonight look at Rika cuddly hey
eh what is going on here
treacle exposing yourself is one serious
snuggle pile going on here hey guys
snoozefest by a thousand and we are
watching super bad Mike's favorite movie
ever
so not ever but like it's so funny
also obsessed with Emma Stone in every
way shape and form so I still love this
movie in bed going to sleep fresh sheets
best feeling ever see you guys in the
morning
