what a lovely start to my Tuesday
morning I come downstairs to find this
once cook me some breakfast as per usual
scrambled eggs cup of tea hot sauce very
delightful and your hope today you know
I am gardening day gummy nigga is done
before the weather turns so I've been
working on my advent calendar pose for 4
hours and Counting and I'm still not
finished guys it's gonna be good once
you do it but holy Sh as balls it's
taking a long time - went to the shop to
get some lotion the local shop and came
back with not so healthy options for
lunch but whatever brought some ham
we've got some rocky molten caramel on
Retro Philadelphia borsa sandwich making
materials and crisps Pinto and because
he loves me so much
yeah it's not great I'd rather have
appetizer because this actually doesn't
have well it's not as bad it's not as
bad it's not trying to tender say
nothing good I mean still pretty bad
Susie winters like the worst thing ever
found this line here Mike's working and
these two excuse me what are all these
cushions doing on the floor and you guys
doing in the bed you're wet and dirty
Hey and you're not meant to have balls
in the house that's you miss squidge
little monkeys I've literally been
writing blog posts since 9:30 and it is
now half past six
my brain is fried fried fried fried and
I've still got more to do I'm still
working so Mike just came and delivered
me dinner to my table full of cables and
old coffee it's like a coffee graveyard
this looks delicious what is it chicken
beans ham cheese potatoes broccoli and
spinach
so I'm now running myself a bath it's
nine o'clock and I still have some work
to do but I'm having a bar tab above a
chill-out and I'm using this which is
the mower fortifying green bath potion I
got given this like Y nice remember by
who I think it was part of like a gift
box but it's actually really nice and
pepperminty and I've almost finished it
I had a massive clear out my bath and
body stuff recently and this is all I've
got left all of the rest of it is
moisturizers and like peggy shelving and
some fake tanning myths a lot of them
but yeah I'm out of oils and like
treatments also because I think if you
guys have any recommendations of what to
get next then let me know because once I
finish that I'm gonna get a new one and
I'm gonna operate a one in one out
policy so I'm giving myself a little bit
of a facial this evening and I'm gonna
run you through what I've used simple
micellar water that's actually the new
packaging which I thought I hated
because it has a screw top which seems
really impractical and it actually is
quite impractical however it's like a
really good squeezy
tube so you can like squeeze it out
quite easily and if you look at the top
of there if I can unscrew it with one
hand this is why it's impractical it
should be like a flip top but it has
like this kind of lid so you can
actually like squeeze the stuff out onto
cock pads which kind of works well I
just never screw up properly out of the
balloon like that and then I used the
rodeo super acid extreme I know it
wasn't that one that I used it was then
come on they look the same I got the
wrong one back out there super acids
extreme hangover mask from rodeo which I
had no beeps before and I actually quite
liked it so yeah I love the color of the
achieve as well as like lime green and
then I've also used the keels and
midnight recovery concentrate which I've
had for ages and I've only ever used a
couple of times so many people rave
this oh I thought it was time to give it
a go so I don't know what on earth is
with my focus it's like coming in and
out so much see I gave that go and then
I'm about to use the midnight recovery
eye on my eyeballs Mike is coming to
empty bin what oh sorry there's water on
the floor might get so angry at me when
I get water on the floor we have a
reason but I forgot to move it to the
bar and its grumpy Mike so yeah that is
my little facial routine for this
evening my skin has been playing up
recently I'm not really sure why so
hopefully these guys will help I am NOT
impressed right now because I've just
come into my bedroom to find these two
on our beds having created the biggest
mess can you guys see this there's mud
all over the sheets guys are you kidding
me
so naughty look it's great she's barely
even opening her eyes
you got sore eyes baby I think squidge
has been running in the Nettles today
and her eyes get really swollen
oh he half-asleep as well poor squidge
kind of serves you right over making
wine bed or disgusting you little mutt
also currently packing right now for a
shoot that I'm going on tomorrow which I
am NOT allowed to tell you about which
is really frustrating but I've literally
been sworn to secrecy so I can't vlog
tomorrow but well I can vlog but the
vlog isn't allowed to go up til December
so there's gonna be like a missed vlog
for tomorrow which you guys will get in
December not my fault but it is exciting
and you guys will understand why once
i'm allowed to tell you about it in
december so I feel like that's really
lame but yes I'm hacking for that and I
have a real specific dress code which
involves a lot of denim so that is what
is going on in my suitcase right now
it's a denim party for the mysterious
shoot just chillin on my dirty bed
with my daddy dogs I love my dogs so
much but sometimes having dogs is kind
of annoying they make up for it when
they look this cute and they want
cuddles
and love don't you piggy and you know
what these guys are having their hair
cut tomorrow I'm not gonna be here for
it peg it's gonna be a traumatic
experience with your newfound fluff we
decided and a few guys I mean I feel
like it was back in maybe February that
we were freaking out about piglets fluff
basically after doing a lot of research
I think it's because we had her spayed
and there was so much discussion in the
comments about whether or not it was
because she had a bad haircut or whether
it's because she got spayed but having
spoken to a lot of people I think it is
probably because she got spayed and it's
basically it hasn't really gotten any
better like her hair has grown a bit but
if you look at the texture of it here's
like fluff now so she's going for a
haircut tomorrow we're gonna see what
happens see you turn out like you so
cute big but either way piggy even if
you have a bad haircut you're still the
cutest dog in the world to me so yeah
that's what's happening with you
tomorrow the spaniels are getting there
kind of like once a year or once every
six months haircut as well so can we
come back to some tidy looking hounds to
be honest you do really need a haircut
because look how scraggly your ears are
hey hey fluff nugget ritually try and
keep getting further away from her so
you guys can see her at the whole frame
but she keeps getting closer what is
that face bigger we go what's he doing I
just got busted by Mike falling asleep
on my laptop in bed shopping on a sauce
like falling asleep as I was going so
I'm gonna call it a night here grumpy
one in the corners just put on Westworld
which I missed the last episode so I'm
not gonna have a clue what's going on
but I wanna sleep naturally in anything
so I do I do it is true I'll see you
guys in the morning or I won't see you
in the morning I'll see you the day
after tomorrow because not allowed to
vlog but you'll see in December like I
said because I'm doing something secret
Mike knows more
I know all this see you tomorrow but not
tomorrow bye
