hi guys I'm starting my blog at 17 all
day woman I'm starting my blog at 7:08
p.m. because hang on are we going on
this we are but I've got to get some
cash first okay I don't know do it after
because I want to well you'll be so full
of Nando's so basically look can I point
something out I am NOT a bad driver
you are those biggest overreacted in a
car in the world have we ever had an
accident watch even vlogging so stop
screaming and making me look like a bad
drunk well you're a terrible driver
you're a terrible water of vlogging
collagen 7 p.m. so basically I've been
shooting all day like I have been
filming all day today and it's literally
I do not know where the day is gone we
have been filming non-stop I went to
pick up pulley to help me at 9 a.m. this
morning and we've just been like flat
out doing filming and admin and boy we
haven't done anything there's rock where
they will literally been filming other
videos so like yeah anyway so that's
what's been happening it's now 7 o'clock
and Mike is home from work and we're
going to Nando's with in a circus which
is very controversial we're not doing
circus but I am if you got a drawing
straight like saw from yesterday because
she ran sorry how many miles did she run
again oh we haven't heard about that we
haven't heard that look I gotta Leah
who's you this bring you down on me yeah
you have been like oh I'm so sore from
running I'm so sore guys all day he's
been like through I ran so far
yeah we're not circus let me turn Bob
Dylan down so we're not the circus
tonight however I'm gonna try and go to
the gym I mean now the car is beeping
because mike has the key in his pocket
because he's got one of those keyless
entry systems which I think are
ridiculous okay because the other day I
managed to take Mike's car like 15 miles
without the key in it
so basically Mike pick you up from the
train station and then he drove to the
pub where is having dinner with my
brother and some of his friends and he
just like hopped out of the car we swap
seats and I drove his car home and then
my brother dropped him off on the way
home and I like got home got out of the
car and was like well no I went to stop
the car and I was like hang on Mike's
got the key in his pocket
just talking about flawed keyless entry
systems in cars I think they're great so
I had Mike's car once I turned it off I
couldn't turn it back on again so he had
to then come to where I was at my dad's
house it's kind of a long story
with his key this key and get the car
again I think behind the car was
reversing really clearly my kids just
walked in front of a kidney women young
young women I mean realistically my car
makes enough noise they should hear your
own fault shouldn't bomb away busy mine
I've got an and oh sweet splat so anyway
so Mike Sam we go Fernando is basically
that's the update if you got any other
any other updates I'm in a really silly
rude now I like a little locked inside
all day I'm gonna deal with this I think
she tastes cinnamon you don't say oh I'd
love to use that cinema
yes I really want to see inferno and
ethical training I really want to see
that and trolls is coming out I saw
Justin Timberlake interviewed on you but
just until I can Anna Kendrick did you
see the interview I'm losing breakfast
this morning
it's throwing a bit of shade I think
when American stars get interviewed by
BBC like British news people
I think they sometimes think that
they're trying to like dig at them
whereas really the BBC News people are
just quite serious and they're not like
all fun and jokey they're like asking
semi serious questions that American
interviewers lysol the joke they're
always like Joseph at the same time I'm
starting a BBC interview quite bad
they're not sometimes they do always
like go on a tangent for no real reason
yeah sure yeah being I don't know though
Justin didn't he didn't come across that
well in this interview he came across a
bit grumpy you're not gonna get in that
how you doing in that one what do you
think I'm just no sizing Mike's driving
basically not horrible tracksuit Roy
he's just terrible I can't even believe
it he's not he's actually really good I
really do love my new boots these ones
the ones I've been talking about
non-stop by how I say them when you're
in a hurry to eat chicken they're too
time-consuming to do up can you order
for me
no we have to go up and both do it
Mediterranean salad with chicken extra
hot please really controversial push the
bus a really different chicken wrap to
make my life ome
that is your usual otherwise known as
the usual my salad has arrived extra hot
the lady when we wrought it was like all
brave I was like if only you knew my
daily consumption of hot sauce we don't
kill his usual happy days guys big news
I don't know if you can see from here
and zooming in what do you see in the
window of home scents over there
christmas is coming I'm on the sofa with
this is the one whose snoozy in a cheese
coma she has just had so much cheese
because she's like oh yeah the cheese so
we've just given them they're like flea
tablet things that they take now they
used to have spot ons but then for some
reason the spot songs became ineffective
I don't know if it's to do with that
area or something but anyway the vet
gave us tablets but she's so difficult
to get to make swallow tablets so we
have to like cool to them and smush them
and cheese because we did the whole one
in cheese and she sniffed out the tablet
literally ate all the cheese off around
the tablet like three times so she had
all of that cheese and then we have the
tablets and try it again
and she ate that cheese off it so we had
to call to them so that she finally ate
them and she's now eating like a whole
slice of cheese
you are jammy I think she knows that
it's a game when she sees it as a game
she's like give me all the cheese cheese
and I am being forced to watch football
right now by this one he's not even
watching he's working what'd you get I'm
having a little browse on ASOS right now
there's so much Christmas double ready
to excited about Christmas
I haven't found anything that I really
like yeah a little can you see what it
says in the middle right there Walking
Dead is coming back so we're now
watching a series that Mike actually
kind of forced me to watch what I
actually really liked it
what's that she called Harley in the
Davison Harley and the Davidson's it's
about yeah it's about Harley Davidson
and like the beginning of the bikes and
everything and how they said the company
is actually really interesting and it
has the same actor that plays the lead
role and age of Adaline lead male role
and he's really good and I'm quite
liking it have to say it's really good
glad you're liking something that I've
chosen for good breakfast now thank you
much as much as I like this show I'm
falling asleep how long we got left I
don't know some time I might have a
little nap down here just have a little
night guys
