oh my goodness guys look at this rain
actually doesn't come out on camera as
much as it does in real life but it is
raining so hard right now welcome to my
Sunday guys today I have not made the
bet as you may be able to tell the best
part about it raining like this is the
fact that Mike's out on his run now so I
shouldn't be quite so excited about that
should I
today's Sunday I've got a shed load of
photography to do for my blog I'm doing
a blog post next week all about the best
advent calendars I'm actually doing a
video as well so I'm doing the top 10 in
a video but I actually have so many this
year there are so many advent calendars
that I am going to do a blog post as
well to show you like photos of exactly
what's in them because most people's
blog posts so far have just been like
the the PR image so some of them don't
show you what's in them will show you
the brand or whatever someone show you
the exact products and all of them and I
need to get photographing I might use
some breakfast first as well feeling a
little bit sore headed after last night
I'm not gonna lie and I spy with my
little eye somebody making herself
comfortable where she's not supposed to
be snoozing are used now going in my
pillows you little monkey you little
monkey in love you piggy these two best
buddies are here as well trickles
actually gone running with Mike although
it's top secret from squidge because
squid went last week and Treecko was
very upset so they're taking it in turns
you're not going home because you would
run away and it's probably a bit too far
for you things yes yes this kind of
weather calls for slippers all day long
as well these are my favorite slippers
in the world honestly makes me so happy
when I can get these out because I just
love wearing them they're so cozy though
that ugg slippers and I got them for
Christmas from Mike last year yes and
you haven't chewed them yet which is a
miracle
hey hey squid Giroux he's quit you move
maybe this better conveys how rainy is
right now this is dripping off the
gutter
puddles pour my on our way to brunch
with the rest of my family it's more
like lunch on the basis there it's like
meant to everyone's late as per usual my
family have a terrible track record for
being on time and all I can see there
call this well they're already here so
they better have ordered me some avocado
on toast with what some post brunch
walking and jellybean eating going on
one think I have a red one a pink one
Mike and I are now on our way over to
Jack's house for a cup of tea and a
biscuit hot tuna probably piece of toast
my caramel oh isn't it this is called
millionaire's shortbread oh I don't know
why there is a combination it's one of
those days today right honestly I wanna
try and show them the skies so down like
over here it's magical
you know you get those I can't see the
magical bits like over there it's a
magical bit it's basically one of those
days like there's a perfect autumn or
hominid no I'm not afternoon and the
leaves are all started really falling
off the trees it's all set up
and it means it gets real slippy but it
looks nice at all to me and yes I
finished my admin calendar photo taking
it took me a while to say the least it's
kind of like fun hi all advent calendars
whilst making it look like I haven't
unpacked them and then put all the
things back in so here we are at Jack's
house we're having scrambled eggs and my
toast for dinner at Jack's house chef
extraordinaire is here basically still
in his pj's yeah that's how we do
sundaes these looks really good hello
dopey dog this is pal
I'm also sneaking a bit of Marmite on my
finger and eating it might think this is
really as dusting Sunday night watching
Poldark and this one is in a bit of a
grump with me this evening aren't you
piggy because somebody furry that I know
did a pee on the carpet so she's been
very told off and she is grumpy she was
literally staring me out I've really
told her off for it and smacked her on
the nose and she was literally looking
at me like she was sitting here with her
nose down a little bit like this I know
now she's like oh no I'm friendly I'm
friendly for the camera drama queen and
she was literally like glaring glaring
at me very naughty dog hole dogs getting
a bit racy we're actually catching up
last week this one I think may have
forgiven me hmm look at that face
