good morning guys and welcome to my
Saturday this morning I'm walking the
dogs with Mike
nice outfit you've got going on there
Mike and I are in our gym get ready to
go for a run but first we are walking
the dogs
it is pretty miserable day am i she's so
excited today because I have been asked
to partner with fujifilm instax to show
you guys my day through photos as well
as videos so during the day you guys
know I'm daily vlogging but I'm gonna be
taking lots of photos unique one-off
photos using this little bad boy which
is the Instax Mini 70 the gold one as
well
I love gold we're going to be showing
you guys the best bits of the day taking
photos along the way but then at the end
I'm going to create like a little mini
one-off photo album to show you guys and
actually today is my grandma's 80th
birthday party so all the phone all of
us are getting together like all the
family and some of her friends so I
thought it would be a nice day to take
photos on as well because it's gonna be
special you're only 80 once I mean some
of us aren't 18 was asked enough that's
a good so yeah that is what was
happening I think I'm gonna take my
first photo on the walk so let's see you
guys this is the challenges challenges
of doing a doggy shoot shut up and up
she's like off you only pose once BV
likes coming on a walk with us he was
just walking all the way along the top
of the fence but she's seen me she's
like what's going on
crazy cat right it's running time guys
three miles let's do this I'm trying to
get back into running Mike has started
running like eight miles twice a week so
I'm like I've got to do this otherwise
he's gonna just leave him behind on
Fitness snakes so force
yes we thinking about doing this Madison
so yeah I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it
now got a little visitor in the name of
Lulu and we are picking out my outfit
for this evening I'm undecided about
this Zara pleated silver skirt because I
really love it but it's like very very
staticky and then I'm trying it on with
these shoes which are my cat Maconie
studded heels and don't know if they're
a little bit jazzy with this bed skirt
so I don't want to change the skirt or
the shoes I'll just go with both of them
this is kind of what it looks like all
together and they have one this is like
unfolded so I have on this other like
crop top from Topshop the lighting is
crazy
and then these shoes which I haven't
done up the effort don't know if it's a
bit too much what do you guys think and
Lulu's got a snazzy backpack you're
gonna show everybody turn around look at
that where did that come from
did you steal it did will give it to you
yeah best anchor points ever
I mean Lulu I've been doing hair this is
so funny I don't know what hunters gonna
think I think it looks pretty Lulu
beautiful looks to me like the snacks
have been considerably depleted by
someone I know you this is a setup for
this evening mom's planning has paid off
have a lovely verse dinner this evening
I just did a swap with an extra broccoli
for Yorkshire pudding which everybody
else at the table thought was crazy but
I mean I'm loving this is mums trio of
desserts and there's apparently a
cheesecake lemon meringue cheesecake and
I can see you so we're on our way home
after grandma's party it was a brilliant
forgot to catch up with all the family
listen to some old tunes namely Barbra
Streisand and then knife slightly had a
little snooze on the sofa watching Harry
Potter one which was brilliant
oh and she comes the guard dog God dog
general hello come on in
did you miss me did you did you miss me
just a little bit you crazy dog so as
promised guys these are my favourite
pictures from today I've got 11 of my
favorites I've taken about 20 but the
first one is Mike and piglet on our walk
this morning which i think is really
funny me and Lulu do makeup which
actually is probably my favorite one
from the whole day I love this she's so
cute
Mike and I before we went out got my
outfit me and my brother and my
brother-in-law being silly at dinner um
this one is actually awesome okay
because this is my brother-in-law and my
sister and it looks like she has devil
horns because of the candles behind her
like what are the chances of that
happening it's amazing my brother and
his wife Becky and then I mean Mike what
is this she's hoping to the emergency
that is Mike being very old Mike pouring
the gravy with gravy jerk trio of
desserts and then my favorite is it toss
up for my favorites between me granny
and me and Lily's what do you guys think
it's like three generations right there
boozing blue-steel sure it's the best
feeling ever when you take your makeup
off when you're wearing quite a lot of
makeup at the end of the day you're just
like ah my skin is free even if I don't
look so good anymore I'm gonna go to bed
now thank you guys so much for another
awesome day and thank you well huge
thank you to Fujifilm for sponsoring
this video it's been so much fun
documenting my day and taking lots of
kind of one-off unique pictures of my
day I hope you guys have enjoyed it and
I'll see you tomorrow for another day of
log Toba I can't actually believe it's
like halfway through the month already
it's going so quickly already that's
about it Mike's taking your shoes off
night
