this is our ride to the gym this morning
ha ha ha ha we haven't been in this in
ages because I just got an MOT tin tacks
yesterday our friend for chatter she
took the photos from our wedding I took
him for a spin in this about six months
ago he to Turin and he loved it and he
actually went and bought himself all
doesn't know he's now got an old-school
mini and he just sets me yesterday with
a picture of it saying time for a mini
adventure well hello there what's going
on here somebody's having her own mini
we have just been two circuits not
circuits have been to Train did you
enjoy the boxing thing she is a mean
machine of the glass I tell you what I
do not want to get into a fight who
would you say you picture on the box not
sure but so we've done a good session I
did my most ematic trying really hard
place to run because oh my god
you're like nothing a bit of a drama
queen good at it you know the best of
them so we've got a little programming I
am determined to get Fleur over here
that one yes I have a second apology for
any just some gear in there be good so
the challenge is I'm going to try and
get her to do a half marathon next year
next year so you've got until December
to get to a fitted enough state so we
can actually because I'm doing I'm not
doing a team here so I think you can
unconfident mean you can do math math so
if you think we should have some braids
on if you think we should do a half
marathon then let us know and if you
think we should do a half method and
then tell us which hopper I think we
should do I'd like see the Great North
Run I think and I think I think that is
already part of it unless unless
now you've got a few whole things that
you gotta be now like it's like a real
you've got other people around we make
our own divorce oh joy maybe we could do
that would you guys like to do that the
flirting around London yeah I think you
have to get there but maybe that's what
we should do we should do like we could
do like learn every local reservoir do a
half marathon and get a load of people
to set up chassis surprise-surprise got
scrambled eggs for breakfast Fred it's
been wooden eggs senate reality of the
week just having a quick coffee at mums
with mum who has been who's really
blurry who has been converting the
conservatory into an amazing party room
it's grandma's 80th birthday tomorrow
and we're having a big party for her and
mom's been setting up tables in here I
seen this one she's gonna love it
well actually should probably complain
but it is snack time i puppies hey hey
noisy who's by oldies whose I think this
one might be yours piglet wig let's do
you sit good girl good girl piggy he's
guys chomping away already
so guys whilst I was in France I started
watching Salem on Netflix and it's so
good I watched like two episodes
yesterday when I was there and I got
home and it's not on Netflix in the UK
how annoying is that when that happens
so I've downloaded it from iTunes and
I'm totally addicted
I think season 1 is from like 2014 so
you guys might have seen it already but
fYI if you're into which he spooky stuff
and you haven't seen Salem yet I think
you should watch it Mike and I
on our way to Mike's parents house to
cook some dinner
basically Mike's sister Lizzy is back
for the weekend and we haven't seen her
in a while so we're going over off
dinner and Mike's mom doesn't really
like cooking so she does like cooking
but she just offered chef so I'm
shopping and you're going to do your
famous apple pie my famous apple pie
which this time guys I'm like teaching
myself how to properly cook apple pie
after last time
this time it's gonna be really good I'm
cooking out why Mike is cooking chicken
and pancetta chicken bruschetta with
some roasted potatoes and some veggies
can I make one to buy this song I would
like because I like it when this happens
can you please put some sprinkles and
castor sugar on top of your pastry so
then you get like a really caramelized
curly buy enough pastry this time well
that is not my fault because you were
making pastry that's not my problem you
told me what you want to do either way
neither of us knew how to make up right
before now we do and it's gonna be
delicious and this spot in between my
eyebrows is driving me absolutely nuts
because every time I like furrow my brow
it really hurts
and no matter how much concealer I
thought man you can still see it you
know boys do wear concealer ready yep I
do a lot of YouTube boys wear concealer
maybe that's top secret I don't know I
don't know if people know that of you
just like Mike to force an action in his
native environment buying the food this
is a what's in my trolley edition
following Mike around the supermarket
he's already got the chicken from the
butcher but we've got prosciutto to wrap
around it we've got some leeks we've got
some mushrooms
oh we got carrots and asparagus purple
sprouting broccoli that's like my
favorite thing ever in the world for
sound with garlic can have to put in the
chicken sweet potatoes custard hell yes
cream Chris olives hummus garlic butter
basil olive oil hot sauce obviously and
mayonnaise it's gonna be good
Oh ice cream ice cream custard and cream
turns out the essential waitress dog
food is just made for treacle - coming
along pretty nicely this is so good it's
gonna be good guys get any better than
your main course for her
currently getting shouted at by a picnic
wiglet for leaving them all a evening
she goes nuts like Oh cuddle time guys
that is calling up the wooden Hill as my
dad used to say see you guys tomorrow
