good morning guys today and wake up in
beautiful Bordeaux as I was last night
actually if you haven't seen yesterday's
vlog I am in Bordeaux with cordially at
the source to call le Spa and today I'm
getting ready for some treatments my
hair is a little crazy I just had some
breakfast with Anna and now I'm heading
over to the spa to get a barrel bath I
don't know what this entails but I will
show you guys I'm gonna be wearing my
swimming costumes it's not gonna be TMI
everyone else is actually having a
massage but I'm really weird I don't
actually like massages is that strange
does anyone else with me on that I just
find them really awkward because I don't
know the person I'm just met you like it
like touching me and stuff so I'm very
walking with that like I'm okay with it
so having about a barrel bath and then
I'm having a facial and I'm very excited
about it
so this is my bath guys I'm about to get
in it's basically more like a jacuzzi to
be honest but look at the vignette I
just got off my facial and my part and
it was amazing and I so nearly fell
asleep you know if you feel like
yourself like going there like I'm in a
total other world now I could happily go
back to bed but it's time for lunch
and yeah we've got a few more hours here
it's just so relaxing and beautiful this
is actually where the wine tasting was
last night and when we were down in the
vaults where they keep the wine and this
is where the hotel is so I'm just gonna
go through this door and then back to my
room so we're now having lunch in the
same beautiful place that we had dinner
last night
it's like a big barn and I love it I've
got a grilled piece of hake with
broccoli and pesto and putnis having a
bit of a casual meat feast for lunch
with some prime rib Thursday cause your
chair is loving it we've got some bread
all the carbs all the carbs
just got home to these little monkeys
hello my squeege hello my beautiful girl
and the rat-faced hello to you too and
Mike is currently in the dog bed trying
to Creakle's ears hasten and these two
likes
brush - brush us we want the attention
Oh attention attention hello everybody
hello there we go
Oh tricky no wonder she didn't like it
as another one yet I forgot to finish my
vlog last night I blame you I blame you
I blame you pig is not looking at the
camera it who's that pig hello you guys
tomorrow oh so tired
