good morning guys although actually I
think four am doesn't count as morning
it still counts as night but I'm awake
I'm ready to the airport I'm dressed at
4 a.m. let's do this
have big bags are in the airport right
now and having a little bit of breakfast
I found Anna who I haven't seen in a
really long time having those hatch out
hsm granola and my morning
we've arrived and we're having a sneaky
little second breakfast in my own
private breadbasket right now and we're
here which matings check into our rooms
but it looks so cool I'm sad the sun's
not out though come on sunshine so I've
just checked into my room look how cute
it is gonna do a little room tour Anna I
think is coming back in a minute but
this is the bed obviously so cute in
here
and it has a really really high ceilings
like all the wood is so nice and there's
a little table here with some grapes and
a cookbook the cuisine of Nikolas
marsala sauce - caudally delicious and
there's some little oh that is so weird
I just opened this page and there there
that is very strange then this is the
view outside you see all the other
little buildings and then the bathroom
is awesome look at these sinks ah so
amazing
lots of quarterly things and the big bar
and I think there's a shower in here as
well tada
so Anna and I have come for a little
walk this is where we are surrounded by
vineyards and the photographer does it
look grey oh great settings the perfect
setting for that photo how awesome is
this building guys at the Chateau
this is like the Scala staying and lots
of vineyards
so just come back from an amazing lunch
or what going back to our rooms
everything smells like the quarterly
candle and we can't work out where it's
coming from
we think they are pumping it through the
vents into the rooms because there's no
there's no candles burning wait is that
that person what kind of lizard so
coming out of that thing I think that's
just a light no I they must be pumping
it out of the vents how do they do that
in subway yes they do do that's an
Abercrombie and they also have I said to
an arrest like in case of zombie
apocalypse guys we are covered we are
now in the main square of Bordeaux we've
come for a little adventure a little
shop session really busy what when we
get run over yeah by a tram same when I
saved my life from getting run over by a
tram this is like a that would have been
a bad bad flogging today how do you know
we need to process this literally like
no warning it just something like and
it's pretty silent as well just comes
and takes you out feeling a little bit
sleepy after having to in too many vices
not a properly roasted me having a power
nap okay I'm efficient I can turn my
power off for about two minutes and then
be like back in the room yeah two
glasses of wine at lunch time is not
good when you've woken up at 3:50 a.m.
so we're just going to happen to wander
see if we can find some shops maybe
pharmacy or to delight felt good like
fall is it Wednesday
I definitely said it was Tuesday min ago
when Anna and I are perusing the
offerings in gallery La Fea look at
these they're their own brand shower
gels that look like ESOP quality level
of Awesomeness
and you'll put there 10 euros and this
one and the this one smell really good
so I've just got back to my room and run
a bath a mass about what they actually
used two of the little shower gels
because I had two of them like I want
all the bubbles and I've got all the
bubbles and I have a nice relaxing bath
now for dinner I think we have like an
hour and a half for like two hours till
dinner we have quite a long time my new
video is also just about to go live and
I've got a really exciting giveaway of
all of the new Mac lip density
collection so I'm really excited about I
don't know what is up with the focus a
moment there we go that's better
um so yeah that's what's happening I'm
also munching away on the grapes that
were left in my room
the quarterly grapes and checking out
the itinerary for the rest of today and
tomorrow we're going on am on a tour of
the Chateau next door and actual um the
vineyard which I'm very excited about so
yeah that's what's going on so I just
had a total fail guys and ended up being
what I thought wasn't our day hey dinner
um I was just chilling out we were
dressing out and had a bar and Anna
knocked on my door was like we have to
leave um ten plus seven is like once for
six like looking at like are you mental
dressing out are you mental and she's
like no I've been looking at a time on
my laptop I'm not my phone
and then ended up getting ready in five
minutes so I literally had mascara all
over my face when you're not trend or
haven't got dressed you know I put my
shoes on it they took a full five
minutes I'm not gonna lie they took a
while with all those buckles but yeah
got my outfit on have very minimal
make-up I'm not gonna live we're now
coming for a tour of the winery and
gonna do some wine tasting and eat some
dinner and just have a love you
these are all the cast of red wine guys
so cool that it looks like a movie
having a little bit of dinner and this
pretty amazing I banqueting-hall this is
my soda my main course was so tasty that
I forgot to vlog in till halfway through
it's so good sea bass with squid ink
risotto and some fishy sauce that is
basically one of my kind of dream dishes
because it's all the fish and I wasn't a
fan of all the fish and had to have fish
and vegetables she was like I can do one
kind of fish not all three kinds of it
so I've just got back to my room after
such a nice dinner and I'm so tired we
fit up for about 20 hours and I'm so
ready for bed I can't even believe that
I comedy I was so late for the
presentation thing as well I literally
so stupid the amount I travel and I just
didn't twig that my laptop stays on home
time and so I was an hour behind what an
idiot I'm gonna call it a night
I literally calling the speak up say
time and I call it a night and I'll see
you guys in the morning and yeah I've
got a really cool um spa treatment boat
tomorrow so I'll take you guys along
with me and see that I
