good morning guys welcome to my cheese
day I was just sitting here at my
dressing table do my wake up and Mike
just brought me eggs on toast up how
nice is that and a cup of tea and he's
now having his in bed with piglet today
oh my God look at the weather it's so
miserable I don't even want to go
outside is it clear
yeah anyway I'm gonna show you what I
eat my eggs
let's put catalog I'm gonna eat my eggs
and then I want to show you why I've got
my face
today yeah so this is what I've got on
my face today I'm wearing my Kiko skin
more than this foundation which actually
like road I'll smoky eye shadow palette
which has amazing colors actually like
this because it's really compact it's
good for traveling and then I have all
my Chanel bronze Universal bronzer my
eyebrow pencil my tushy claw and my Mac
smokes almond I actually haven't had the
time to do my hair I'm gonna do it when
I get some because I'm shooting today in
London this is my very quick super quick
makeup and I'm going to touch up when I
get there with like extra coverage and
blusher and do my hair because I've just
thrown it into a toss also I forgot to
tell you guys that my boots finally
arrived I'm so happy with them tailoring
to light so I can show you guys so happy
with them they're definitely a little
bit narrow notice I'm trying to break
them in I wore them yesterday I really
like them really like the way they look
and then the rest of my outfit today I'm
wearing those I've got some a sauce
black skinny jeans on my Jimmy Choo
scarf I've been wearing loads recently
and then I've got on my Zara for like
the lighting here is terrible because
the window behind me but I'm wearing
like the Sarah over sized jumper that
has like leather sleeves and then I'm
going to take my Chanel boy which I - a
little Hermes twilly which I didn't tell
you guys about when I bought my grandma
a scarf I kind of fell in love with this
I just love the colors and I wanted want
to put around the handle of my Chanel
bag these are like if you guys don't
know what I her most worthy is they're
basically
almost like a tie like they're really
small piece of silk so they're not
nearly as expensive as the actual
scarves but I really want it put around
the handle so that it looks like this I
really like it so yeah I'm gonna take
that well though it kind of clashes with
my scarf I might change my scarf what
should I do
think I need a plain a scarf bye bye my
baby girls will you be a good girl when
I'm gone I'll see you in two days two
days love you love you Oh kisses yeah so
I just got to the flat guys check it out
a little bit of a sneak peek of what
we're throwing today it involves
pumpkins and we have these awesome
carved pumpkins you guys we'll see you
next week that video and I'm really
excited about this because I'm a massive
geek we finally managed to get hold of
this little gadget which basically
attached this is off my camera and
allows me to attach a microphone and
light at the same time I don't know if
i'm way behind the times here and
somebody else has come up with a better
way to do this but this looks pretty
awesome to me the things you do to get a
good shot guys right now we are blowing
on the pumpkins to make it flickery I
think it looks good they look waste not
want not guys we're using the pumpkins
as window box decorations hilarious I
don't know how long these guys are gonna
stay here but they are packing up my
dead lavendar I finished filming I'm now
in Westfield doing what I just described
to my friend Gareth as power shopping
because I
on Monday and a few things I need to get
before I do it and I'm basically away
until though I'm not backing London
until that so here we go our shopping in
Western I've just been at Gazzara pretty
successfully and then I'm paying Urban
Outfitters probably whistles I've just
got back to the flat off for the nicest
dinner I actually had dinner with my
friend Amy who used to be on my
management team and she stopped working
with me in May I think and I miss her so
much she's so awesome
I couldn't blog dinner because we were
actually in so her house a lot of
cameras in there but it was so nice to
see her and just catch up and have a
natter I'm now packing well I have
packed because I'm heading to France
tomorrow that's just a pile of stuff I'm
not taking with me this is my suitcase
and I'm hoping we can check this in
because I have a feeling this may be too
heavy to take as hand luggage because it
has like my camera and like all of my
stuff in there I'm heading to Bordeaux
tomorrow to the quarterly spa which I'm
really excited about
I've never been to Bordeaux before I've
never been to anywhere like the coolest
bar before it's basically like a
vineyard spa and I'm really excited but
I have to wake up a350 in the morning
maybe even earlier I have my cab picking
up at 4:00 I think I'm gonna shower
tonight
I just put my pajamas on then I was like
actually I think I'm gonna shower
tonight so I dye shower in the morning
because seriously 350 that is not funny
that's so early but yeah I might go do
that our price so I'm gonna sign off
very go to bed it's really late now I
was doing some editing and stuff I'm
ready to go leave write an early and see
you in the morning bye
