good morning guys is actually afternoon
I'm not gonna lie I'm a little bit late
started my vlog today and I actually
didn't vlog yesterday because Mike and I
had some family stuff that we were
sorting out and I just didn't get the
chance to vlog so I'm sorry about that
but we had one of those days and some
some things happening which I can't tell
you guys about yet no I'm not pregnant
just to clarify that but it's taking up
quite a lot of our time at the moment
and it's kind of a bit of a big life
change for us so I can't tell you guys
about it yet but you'll find out soon
enough
so anyway today Mike and I have been
doing a lot of life admin which is
related to that thing and I just
received the coolest package ever check
this out guys it's a care package from
P&G beauties has Fleur two forces beauty
box how cool I'm going to keep this
forever and put my stuff in it but then
it comes with lots of goodies from P&G
including Mike's favorite or Z 3 minute
miracle the winter version with
snowflakes on it Mike that's for you and
a laser bra and laser hair removal thing
and some chocolate quails I expect I
just ate one off but the best thing that
it comes with little piglet might be
wearing a little Wiggy Jack is Oh piglet
piglet got sent a personalized piglet
barber now I think that's pretty damn
cute I don't think she thinks it's too
amazing though does she no I don't think
she's very happy about it to be honest a
Mike and I are now on our way to circus
class it's so dark
how creepy does this look Raschi in like
a mini which is not my beanie because
Mike's cars in for service
oh here we go most cars in for service
that he's got a a really snazzy racing
green many which I really like I love
I've got like a hawk since estate agent
yeah they do you have to have this color
I don't have the Raptor now but they
they definitely smoke minis I think I
like this one so yeah that's what's
going on we're going to circuits and
then after circuits we're going to meet
my cousin who I haven't seen since I
went on three years in so long we're
going for dinner with her because she
just got back from just been traveling
for like a year about to find a wall
what is going on we're about yeah we're
about to catch up on life we are late
because I said we needed to leave 20
minutes someone said it was only 15
minutes oh my goodness guys I'm so cold
shaking we went to the gym we worked out
of this waited it out I had a bit of
boxing skill I'm actually just decided
we were doing circuits and one of the
circuits things is boxing but up is so
cold one of the circuit things is boxing
but on the second round of circuits you
always take the boxing out and the
boxing is my favorite one so Mike and I
just went rogue and
decided to like box for the last three
sir I was wondering my arms will really
saw what I sat in there having snacks
because you may be box we're like going
so completely I actually took the boxing
lesson when I was in Chicago I love this
I feel like I might get more into my box
maybe that's what we need to do is to
find you a boxing class yeah
so when you're in London you've got
little boxing classes to go I wouldn't
want to go on my own personal session my
cousin was so nice to see her genuinely
like I kind of grew up with her and we
spent a lot of time together probably
from the ages of like zero to about ten
and then from like 15 to 18 but we
haven't seen her in like since our
wedding but then equally we haven't
really spent a lot of time with knowing
probably about five or six years so it
was so nice to see her she just got back
from traveling she's been all over the
world so she had some good stories for
us Mike's gonna do some work
editing and I'm gonna cuddle on my puppy
and I'm gonna rub my face and be like
but can I say something do you feel
better the new circuits I do for Wes I
didn't want to go might crack me thanks
Mike high five look who I've got on my
lap she's so cozy see fluffy she's like
oh just don't wake me up
I'm sneezy and I'm perfectly happy ok
little fluff nugget I'm sitting here
editing 2 days ago is flog I'm a bit
behind on the editing Mike is working
over there
he's watching what is this aa
documentary about Tom Hanks and I've got
doggy number two there and doggy number
scritch scritch hi she's like nothing
that's gonna be it for today guys
oh is it have you woken up now today say
bye pig Hey
she's like get oh wait
