hello guys welcome back to another
pregnancy update video I feel like I
haven't done one of these in a very long
time actually I think the last one I did
was 19 to 23 weeks and this one is going
to be 24 to 28 weeks I'm 28 weeks
pregnant guys this is crazy
I'm officially apparently in the third
trimester which is really exciting and I
have to say things have been going fine
until this week like or until the last
probably two weeks as you guys know my
pregnancy so far has been like really
easy I've actually really been enjoying
it um and everything's been good this
week not so much I have had a stinking
cold which is fine like I'm absolutely
fine but it's just one of those things
that when you already can't sleep that
great when you're pregnant anyway and
then not being able to breathe like it
hasn't been like I felt super super ill
but I've been really really congested so
as you can tell this is like over a week
later and I'm still really congested so
it's been very annoying trying to sleep
with that so that's been annoying and
then my pelvis this week has also got
really bad so I have an appointment for
a check-up next Tuesday and I think I'm
gonna have to get some kind of physio or
something we'll see what happens but I
had mentioned this before actually I've
had a few niggles with my pelvis and so
many of you guys commented back saying
you had a similar thing and what to do
and whether to get like a support belt
and things like that and it has actually
got to that stage now where I've been
trying to be really careful with making
it worse because there's certain things
that you can do like basically keeping
your legs together when you're like
getting in the car or getting out of the
car sitting down to put your jeans on
and suffer that so I've been doing all
of that but it's still bad so I think
I'm gonna have to get some treatment of
that which is kind of annoying but at
the end of the day it's not anything
that's affecting the baby it's just a
bit painful for me so that's fine I can
cope with that it's just irritating more
than anything else because it affects
how mobile you are and like I'm such an
active person when it comes to not when
it comes to exercise that much but
when it comes to like just buzzing
around and working and like I just will
always be kind of up go go go I'll be
like doing things that very a pretty
fast pace like I don't like taking it
slow and that's what I've had to do for
the past few weeks so that's update
health-wise everything else has been
fine I had my glucose tolerance test
yesterday which actually wasn't that bad
so many people complain about it and
it's absolutely fine I know different
places do it differently in terms of how
long you're not allowed to eat for but
mine was 12 hours which sounded extreme
actually I booked the appointment at 8
o'clock in the morning so I basically
had my dinner like 7:30 and then didn't
have any breakfast went to the
appointment and then by the time I left
the appointment I had breakfast then and
it was fine like I was hungry when I
left the appointment but it was fine
they take quite a lot of blood so
basically if you guys haven't had one
they'd like you can't eat for however
long you go in they take blood make you
pee in a pot make you drink like a drink
that's got loads of glucose in it which
actually most people said tastes
disgusting it's fine it's like squash I
do have a bit of a cold so I can't
properly toast maybe that helped but it
tasted fine to me you wait an hour they
take more Bloods make you pee in another
pot then you wait another hour they take
more blood they make you pee in another
pot and that's pretty much it so unless
you really hate having blood taken which
a lot of people do I don't mind it I'm
not scared of needles or anything then
it was fine and I don't get the results
of that until I think I get them on
Tuesday at my next appointment so yeah
that's pretty much everything I think
like baby wise I feel like I've grown a
lot in the last month my bump and I
looked back to my thumbnail show you my
bump if I couldn't get up slowly oh god
here we go I felt like such a granny
so my bum has grown a lot in the past
month since I last updated you on it
this is what it looks like with my top
on as you can see she's definitely grown
and then I still have my Joanie jeans on
I've actually bought these
in a bigger size because my ones were
getting really worn out and so I ordered
some more but they only had size 12 and
a size 8 and I was like I'm definitely
not gonna get any 8 so they actually
like a lot more roomy than my other ones
so I think these are gonna be the ones
that see me through to the end of
pregnancy so yeah so this is the bump if
I pull this down there's a nice label
for you probably see my knickers as well
horrendous yeah so this is the bump now
as you can tell I took my belly button
out my belly button my belly bar I took
that out and I'm not too upset with how
it looks at the moment like there is I
do have my scar there but it's not too
bad and then that is the bump from the
side so yeah she's definitely grown it's
so weird seeing this on camera I'm gonna
put it away now put my belly away but
yeah so she's definitely grown a lot
this top acacia one as well was in my
latest maternity hauless on vida phrase
on V to phrase the things called and the
cardigans from them as well she really
liked it anyway so yeah the bump is
officially bumpy it's got to the point
now there's no there's no hiding the
fact I'm pregnant and everybody can
clearly tell oh how long have you got
left I'm like oh yeah I forgot about
that I've like till what oh yeah the
baby
so yeah the bumps grown how I've been
feeling emotionally ok this month
actually I've had a few ups and downs
with kind of body confidence and self
confidence as you get into this last
like leg you definitely start piling on
more pounds than you were before and
I've spoken about this before a lot of
people got really funny about it they're
like oh but you're having a baby like
you shouldn't care about weight gain or
whatever I'm every single person I know
that's been pregnant ever worries about
gaining weight when they're pregnant or
gaining too much weight
obviously you're supposed to gain weight
but being a woman and you know I've
always been sensitive like with my way
and I've always been something that
since I was young if they're very kind
of aware of so yeah I'm not gonna
apologize for that to you guys if you
get stressed about it then
I'm just being honest and how I feel so
yeah that's been a little bit I don't
know I've had a few ups and downs with
that and I feel like sometimes I am NOT
very good with willpower in terms of
eating healthily and they'll just like
eat the whole fridge not the whole
fridge but more just the carbs all the
carbs I still want all the carbs guys
I'm trying to eat more vegetables it's
bad news bad news
yesterday I had afternoon tea with
collection and some subscriber something
honestly ate like the whole thing this
is after my glucose tolerance test so
let's hope there's no problems there
otherwise that would have been a bad
decision anyway so yeah Joe all joking
aside like that has been the only kind
of emotional kind of blip I've had this
month some other mobility thing that's
kind of got me down a little bit and is
cold which as you can tell like I'm
struggling to talk without kind of
coughing and stuff in terms of new
purchases for baby I'm in the nursery
for a reason so I can show you this play
map that I got because I found it and I
was so excited I've been looking at play
maps for ages and I hadn't found anyone
that liked I quite liked the Mamas and
Papas ones like nice but then so many
people had told me don't get like
playing colors or like whatever get
bright and contrasting ones because
that's what babies like to look at
they love black and white and they like
kind of bright colors and I've also been
recommended by a few people to get
musical ones and ones add lights so like
with electric stuff because apparently
it keeps the babies occupied for longer
and that they like them I haven't seen
any that I really liked until I saw this
one which I ordered from John Lewis so
this is the skip hop vibrant village
smart lights activity gym and you won't
take long I'm sure to see why I like
this there's a sausage dog there this
little fellow here is also a sausage dog
and I just think it's really cute it's
very much kind of black and white and I
just I quite like the design it has the
lights here too a little light show it
has music and then if you can see I'll
turn it over so you can see the picture
instead of getting it out because I
don't want to open it yeah
this is what it looks like and then this
little sausage dog here is a pillow for
tummy time so yeah it was quite
expensive but I really liked it I also
ordered the matching couple of matching
things which I think are in here so this
is the matching like pram toy which is
another little sausage dog
you guys know sausage dogs are my thing
so yeah that's her
little spiral pram thing and then I also
ordered this little dude which I don't
know if he's gonna stay on there but
he's on there for the moment and then a
couple of other things I ordered some of
these are hand-me-downs and some of them
you've seen before
but I found or actually bought these in
the shop I found these baby grows which
I thought were so cute these were just
from next this one I believe is quite
small this is like a velvet I thought to
be so snuggly in the winter time so it's
a velvet baby groats got all these
ruffles so pretty I think that was 9
pounds from next and then I also got
this 2-pack from next which is this one
these are quite big these are 6 to 9 so
these are going to be facing her when
she's a lot bigger but I just absolutely
love this print so cute so lovely and
then that came with this navy one which
I don't like as much but it's still
quite cute like a little floral one so
yeah that's it for the clothing updates
in terms of the nursery we're pretty
much still at the same stage as a few
things we still need to build got two
months left so that's fine but we put up
the shelves finally which looked like
this
I'm super happy with them except for the
fact we've had all sorts of problems
with trying to actually get them up so
if I come back you can see what they
look like they match the table I think
this is gonna have to come a little bit
further away just in case they fall off
the wall or something falls off the
shelf you'll see I want to fall on it to
fall on the baby but yeah there's also
no baby yet so they're fine there for
the moment but these are marble and gold
shelves from grey and green this one we
originally ordered just to I stupidly
trod on the marble of one of them and it
broke so I ordered another one
and the marvel arrived broken so I rang
up customer services and to be fair they
were honestly the nicest like the nicest
customer services ever out of anyone I
think I've ever dealt with
they were super lovely sent another one
at around the next day we put it up and
I don't know if you guys can see but the
grooves of the marble in the wrong place
I'm literally like how unlucky are we
getting with these shelves but we'll get
there in the end I need to email them
today and see if they'll send another
replacement much think they're so cute
so she's got her Teddy's on that one
I think obviously have a rearrange of
where everything goes I think we
probably gonna put books on the lower
one so you can reach them and then some
bits and bobs and Teddy's and stuff on
the top when she's little and doesn't
like play with Teddy's they just kind of
sit there and look cute and I feel
really out of breath now that's bad yeah
so that's pretty much it for my kind of
six to seven month update I feel like
I'm on the home stretch now but there's
still like longer than I want left
there's just over two months left so I
feel like the size of my belly
there should be one month left I feel
enormous Oh another thing I've noticed
this week literally actually I think
only yesterday is the way she moves has
changed so like when she moves it
doesn't feel like she's just like
kicking randomly you can actually almost
feel larger parts of her body I think
it's a she's bigger no I don't know but
it's weird it feels more like she's like
like properly moving around inside of me
as opposed to just like kicking if that
makes sense
anyway that's changed it's yesterday um
but yeah I do feel like I kind of wanna
fast forward the next month and just get
Christmas kind of get to November and
then it's all Christmasy and then I
think it all like go faster but we're
nearly there
we're nearly there and yeah I'm really
good so yeah if you guys are pregnant
and you're watching this let me know in
the comments how you're getting along I
love the fact there are so many of you
who are having babies as well and it
just really feels so nice to be able to
chat to you about it and like see all
your comments and everything is just so
lovely
I found out a lot of people I know
through work as well in the last month
or two I found out I'm pregnant too so
it's just really nice I feel like
everyone's all of a sudden having a baby
from me when I first got pregnant
feeling like I was so alone and like
none of know one I really knew was
having a baby I knew a couple of people
had just had a baby but no one was kind
of going through at the time I felt like
from then it's just gone like crazy like
everyone seems to be announcing they're
pregnant which is so exciting
also my friends who was Jude
this month has just had her baby and
it's a girl
they didn't know what it was before and
I'm super excited about that cuz I feel
like my little baby and her little baby
are gonna be little girlfriends I hope
you never know it obviously probably
still be friends if it was a boy but I
don't know I'm just extra excited that
it was a girl so she has at least one
friend now oh she will have at least one
friend so yeah that's it for my little
update I hope you guys are all having a
great day and I don't sound too
disgusting and snotty I'm gonna go and
seriously blow my nose and have a good
coffee no cuz I've been holding it off
this whole video I will speak to you
very soon bye guys
