good morning guys today is Saturday I'm
waking up in London today actually
because I had my school reunion last
night which if you guys watch
yesterday's long video you will know
today I have just got ready I'll show
you my little outfit they probably seen
it before if you watched my New York
vlogs because it's my marsh dress but
today I'm heading it to Harrods actually
it's my grandma's 80th birthday this
weekend and I really wanted to get
something really nice so I'm thinking
about getting her an Hermes scarf which
is something I've never bought before so
I'm gonna go and have a little look and
see like the sizes and everything I know
I can't afford to buy her like a massive
one but I'm thinking about buying her
one of the like little neckerchief ones
which I think she'll really like so I'm
gonna go and have a look there I'm going
to parents because every time I've
bought anything super luxury the actual
customer service in Harris has been
amazing from Chanel and a few other
things like over the years with my mum
that I've bought and stuff they've
always just been really good whereas
some of the actual individual struck
shops I find can be a little bit snobby
especially on a weekend when they're
busy so I'm gonna pop in there show you
my outfit in my awkward mirror before I
leave so my dress is from March as I
said I like eyeliner on my mirror
typical which is like the tie dress
which I've actually tied a little bit
differently after everyone calling me
pregnant in the last time I wore it it's
like thanks guys
really nice of you no I'm not pregnant I
have like tied it round the back and
then on the side as well so there's like
a little bit less of a bump there to
make you guys think that I might be
pregnant and so yeah this is my dress
and then I've got black tights on and
I've got these biker boots from
Stradivarius that they actually sent me
and I really liked it was the first time
wearing em so I'm hoping they're gonna
be comfy but that is what I'm wearing I
do actually also have my pink without
the other handbag which has a bit of a
crazy wire sticking out of it which the
colour does not go okay guys I've got
like red and pink clash English the only
one I've got in London and that is it
for now let's go shopping
oh the reason why I'm in London as well
I've got to say I'm actually doing a
panel this afternoon with copperfield
who is the charity that I'm a digital
ambassador for so that's what's
happening this afternoon so I basically
have till 3 p.m. to kill some time so
why not go shopping for my grandma
how I have my breakfast every day don't
you know I'm just setting up a little
Instagram shot with s days book which I
finally got my hands on I went to launch
the other day but they actually had
posted one to my management offices so I
haven't managed to get it until now and
I'm really excited to have a little
flick through it this morning on a side
note as well it's also really love I
don't know if you guys can see it the
actual pages are like different pastel
colors for the different chapters isn't
that cool
I really really like that and the actual
cover as well as like this is like
fabric with gold here and then this is
like matte it just feels really nice but
yeah sneak peek into estees book so I
just spent literally an hour in homer's
looking at every single scarf but I
found what I really think she's gonna
love it I'm so excited yay and I'm now
having a little look around sorrow
although to be honest there's not that
much new stuff in here that is driving
me crazy
I feel like a few weeks ago it was
awesome not so much now I mean having a
cozy Oh sushi right now eating all the
sushi without Mike he'll be really
jealous sad times guys I'm tidying up
the flat and I've just taken down my
number seven balloons there's a big old
space there now I'm also deflating the
inflatable banana from the Charlotte
Olympia show because somehow I don't
think I need this anymore
and Lissy was laughing at it last night
she was like what earth is the
inflatable banana on the plus side I
haven't touched up my lipstick since
this morning since I put it on look how
amazing this is I've eaten lunch and
everything big fan of the Kat Von D
underage red lipstick new favorite this
is so cool guys I just arrived at
festival and they have a gallery of
artwork and it's all boob inspired this
is so cool
the human hey with our digital food
ninja team yeah I know it'll show your
mic so it's somewhat much you're gonna
do is ask each each of you to introduce
yourselves as how you would like to be
defined today and yeah go for it which
every bar you go first
I'd like to be fine yesterday just put
the reason the Johnson today I can
actually get on the day I'm glad my you
to travel folks at Williams are they
perfect
that is show so I think it's almost like
getting in there like unexpected
do you know that me man I don't think
that needs yeah that's quite good
because even poop grafitti guys came out
from the station that Dada Dada Dada
nice to see you good to see what you
doing happening Saturday busy Saturday
busy Saturday we're now on our way to
our friend's house for dinner it's a big
family get-together with some family
friends of ours with the parents and the
kids I mean we're not really classed as
kids anymore are we I feel like we're
built for that but in your mind you are
anyway that's what we do this evening
and I probably won't see you guys again
because it's not really a vlog friendly
situation and quite a lot of people
laugh at my vlog friendly comment and
like phrase but it's why I use to
describe people who are either happy
being in vlogs or not just by you know
despise them but just like on vlogging
types and this is a non vlog friendly
situation we also do have a giant pie on
the floor which has been sent by my mom
I don't quite know can I take the top
off does it look tasty
oh it's still together I don't think I
think it's all like wait hang on oh
there's the side of it the cheeky apple
pie I'm gonna put it back on so don't
stick my foot in the apple pie which I'm
not very nice but yeah there it is the
pie on the floor the mic in the driver
seat and we will see you later
alligators we're also having a little
bit of a throwback listening to Bob
Dylan and freaking loving it
