we're going on the morning walks and
Piglet is on the lead she was being so
funny this morning she was not impressed
at having to go on the leave so funny
I am very dolled up for early in the
morning I'm filming today so I'm ready
to film right now and I just thought I
would take the Don throw up before I
start because they wanted to go on a
walk as they do every single morning and
yes that is all that is happening on my
Thursday morning I'm not sure what's up
with the focus on my camera it's gonna
focus on my face probably cuz I'm
walking maybe there we go that's better
I call today as well actually
the last few days the sun's really been
out and today there's quite a lot of
cloud so it's not as bright and sunshiny
maybe it'll clear up a blue sky but I've
just finished filming a washerman
filming all day I'm filming next week's
videos we've got some exciting things
coming fuel and I just made the room
tour of the spare room live which we
filmed today as well so what are you
doing they're very golfy trousers you've
got on right there blingle see I see my
has-been at a charity golf day today and
came home with this hideous Edition is a
hideous addition is a signed Tiger Woods
flag from the 18th hole and is in from
Royal Liverpool I mean that went and saw
him win the opens so we'd never never
watched him well it was very good cause
as a fan course a little key still I
don't want it on the wall it'll go in my
man cave exactly should we come some
dinner you can cook anything
darling oh you cook me dinner are you or
are you going to cheat and get M&S I've
got M&S cheating dinner again Mikael
cookie is already open not cooking well
I did get vegetables to cook I'm gonna
put the sweet potatoes in Iowa still do
like baked potato for the sweet potato
but you know you have a private less
than half the speeds mark mmm you can do
it if you want we can and then I got
baby spring greetings
and wait hang on didn't I get something
I got some fruit as well you put on fish
and I also got some salmon and asparagus
and Mike got a millionaire shortbread
cave and I'm stained my hands watching
this is the aftermath of filming up here
today and I'm gonna tidy everything up
before Mike comes up and tells me off
but look what I've been filming with
today teenage makeup video is coming up
sparkly pink lip gloss is delightful
well this does look like a mighty fine
dinner even if it was romantic
ya know somewhat out there you close
this
although 40 minutes ago you'd be cooking
or warming up shall we say what I cooked
it did I you might cooked it did I say I
was gonna cook we don't got tidying
amnesia you tie it happens when you tidy
two of us it's lovely that you're
finding it I always forget how much I
like to bring greens they are pretty
random and I never buy them and they're
so tasty and we have sweet potatoes as
grilled by Mike and the salmon which
I've nearly finished my salmon cos like
that I'm eating it all in one go and
obviously this as well don't tell Mike
look at these amazing figs I picked up
earlier how good do they look slightly
obsessed to take I have a face mask on
right now looks really scary this is the
pumpkin mask I think I can take it off
now I've kind of like 20 minutes and
we're watching Steve Jobs seed I'm
actually really good I'm actually
listening to his autobiography right now
which is really good and makes this make
a lot more sense I can highly recommend
if anyone wants to read notes biography
maybe I didn't realize he's a bit of a
douchebag so far reality distortion
field if anyone knows about Steve Jobs
you'll know that means good morning you
two hello twiki
hello growling what are you doing in
there
Oh guys they're your best buddies cats
like a little bit too much a little bit
too much
hey morning you two hooligans morning
squidge morning morning we're on our way
to the personal training session Mike's
being militant today so I managed to
sneak in a couple of grapes mom
Mike's been getting pretty fit over the
past well I'm always quite fitting but
you've actually like properly running
right yeah doing like mileage I have not
been partaking you need to sharpen up
and get with a gang I don't think I'm up
for it yet like no over over like four
miles and you get my fitness back up 54
balls opening six exactly seven over
three or four miles reckon I can do I
got up to six and Mike February this
year I think you have skills and a
capability so we're going to see our
personal trainer that was out this
morning it's big Punk's that is all
scrambled egg breakfast I'm in a little
bit of a hurry this morning because and
I just been dating my makeup in the car
and I forgot my eyebrow pencil disaster
guys disaster I am heading to London say
whatever my Turkish where I'm heading to
London say to meet Kat Von D how
exciting is that I've got meeting at
lunchtime and then going to meet Kat Von
D an event and then I have a little
scoop tonight which I'm really excited
about Mike is staying at home because he
doesn't want to come to the girly school
reunion and yeah that's what's going on
I might need to buy an emergency eyebrow
pencil though because I just got my
first meeting and I'm now late to the
Kat Von D event because the taxi driver
took me all the way around Soho great
I'm has a cap on the event with my
making out way things you can marry and
I'm feeling very flustered because I was
late but seen the pictures that people
are posting I'm just like oh my god it's
so crazy like I talk about this a lot
like in the past like when we do like
presentations but like there's nothing
more fulfilling than when you like have
an idea and then you draw it and then
like like like studded kiss for example
like I remember drawing that before it
was like a reality and then we got like
our first like prototype with you know
it was like hand carved it was like
totally rough you know but just seeing
it in your hand and you're like oh my
god like this is real you know and I
feel like having drawn like all those
fixtures and stuff and like he totally
did yeah
look who I just bumped into outside kept
wondering we're wearing matching how we
roll
so I've just got back to the plan and
I'm ready to go out for a school reunion
and very excited about this lyses here
as well she's staying here tonight
do I have lipstick on my teeth probably
dude we're going out next week on
tonight red pink there we go
and yeah we're a bit like Lizzie
stressing out because she is on time for
everything I'm not really she is like
she's like my mom she's like actually my
mom is the polar opposite of that she's
like what my mom should be the
stereotypical light version of a mom as
opposed to what my mom actually is which
is like an hour late for everything but
we are in Trafalgar Square right now and
we're heading to a restaurant called
Bronte which I'm really excited to go to
because it's Tom Dixon's restaurant I
love Tom Dixon if you guys don't know
it's like interior design kind of
he does amazing interior object I feel
like I don't even know what he does like
metalwork but it's like a lot different
interest um anyway this is it very fancy
and I'm really excited so this is my
starter guys this is those shrimp
cookies and they're so delicious a 14-1
they're green but they're shrimpy very
tasty
so I'm here with everyone having a
little school reunion and food and I
show everybody Lizzie's burger and I
have the giant prawns which basically
look like a dream come true right now oh
my god guys look at this you can have
some
so I never finished my vlog last night
we actually didn't get back to late me
unless he got back at about midnight but
I never finished my vlog just because we
were chatting and then I had actually
mint tea when I took off my makeup and I
think I actually fell asleep with my
camera in my bed ready to finish my
vlogs I had such a good day thank you
guys for coming along with me also
awesome I didn't actually I don't know
how much I explained about what I was
doing the day cuz ended up being so
Manny
but the Kat Von D thing was actually
awesome
she was so interesting watching her
speak and I I didn't really know what to
expect if I really liked her makeup I I
haven't really followed her too much
like on LA Ink or whatever I never
really saw that show I just kind of like
was into the makeup but she's actually
really awesome and yeah I really kind of
enjoyed seeing her talk about her
journey and her passions and everything
she's such a passionate person and kind
of like a bit of a badass like doesn't
give a about what people think so
like yeah I just I really enjoyed that
and I'm actually wearing one of her it's
okay I'm wearing underage red which I
actually really like the formulation is
really nice the first time I've tried it
and her eyeliner which I had already so
I've use that for yeah I had such a good
night school reunions crazy guys I left
school ten eight years ago how mental is
that that has gone so quickly it was so
nice little hanging out again because a
lot of my friends as well like we see
each other me and Lissy and Jess and
Bailey see each other quite a bit and
then I see my friend men quite a lot but
there's 2004 there last night Cavafy
that we never really see each other
anymore we're still like friends and
still kind of in touch but we don't see
each other very often and it was just so
nice to get everybody together we messed
up friend baby who actually wasn't that
actually like we really missed her being
that but it was really nice to get these
together and I will see you guys
tomorrow which is actually today um yes
Saturday watch out guys you know what
I'm wearing on my face already but I
