good morning guys and welcome to my
third vlog is actually the 5th of
October today and today I have a meeting
jam-packed full of things the first
thing I'm doing today is talking on a
panel at the festival of marketing all
about YouTube so I'm gonna take you guys
along with me and show you my outfit
first in my cut up mirror which is not
the easiest to show you outfits in
because it's not a full-length mirror
it's like photo quids kind of like door
mirror I'm basically wearing a very
similar outfit yesterday I have the same
jeans on my waxed Topshop jeans then I
have my coupons boots on because my feet
hurt too much after wearing my heels
yesterday and then I have all my Jimmy
Choo scarf the same jumper but with a
different without like showing you my
boobs the same the same AllSaints jumper
but with a different like top on
underneath it and then I have on this
jacket which is from Topshop as well I
actually picked this up yesterday so
sneaky peek to a future Hall or lookbook
or something you'll be seeing this
jacket a lot I feel like you know how my
pink leather jacket was like basically
all I wore from kind of when I bought it
I feel like it was April maybe even
March and I felt like it's all like worn
from then until now this is basically
gonna be the winter version of that I
can see myself living in this jacket
it's just like a giant oversized biker
jacket so yes let's do this come on
Wednesday okay so the panel I'm going to
you is apps tobacco doc in East London
and the traffic is so bad and I see it
all of this masonry Kathak just been sat
in it so I'm getting out and I'm walking
with our smile and really late the
panel's meant to start in
about 25 minutes and I was meant to be
there like 40 minutes at before so
totally not my fault in mental but
hopefully we do on stage so the panel
went really well I am now walking to a
book launch which is really exciting I'm
going to SD or SD button or asila lond
whoever you know her as I'm going to her
book launch which actually I think the
book came out yesterday but she's having
an event in a bookshop it's about 20
minute walk so I'm walking there and
yeah I'm really excited to see it I've
heard so much about the book over the
past however many like a year I feel
like she'd been writing for so long so
yes that is what is happening now
so I'm now heading out for a little bit
of lunch with lily and I mean he's gonna
be joining us in a little while she's
just behind us we're heading to a place
called trade apparently it is a
delicious deli and then he said
something chicken he was good burn I'm
so hungry haven't had breakfast yet I'm
ready for this oh my god guys look at
this
eggs and chorizo on toast and Lily got
this club which looks more like a burger
and I'm very jealous and she had a
massive gherkin that she's just eaten in
like one go so I've just come out of my
meeting with Dior and I have in this bag
some very exciting goodies Christmas the
Christmas collection oMG you guys I
can't wait to show you watch out for my
new beauty in November gonna be exciting
I now have a bit free time because when
I was making all consoles that funny
movie thing is stuck in Ireland and her
flight was delayed they don't now have a
little bit of time and I'm working down
on pops the streets danger zone I also
just realize they have the Christmas
lights up already they're not switched
on yet obviously but what the hell it's
like the beginning of October though I
got to the station just in time to get
the earlier train home which means I get
back to Mike sooner already
and now for the tray hello little one
are you sad because we're leaving you
for dinner I've just taken the dogs for
Confed them I am NOT just abandoning
them I just forgot my vlog camera didn't
I love bush
I love you you're so cute oh it's not a
radio OH
my list sharpen up
I think I think we are off to my mom and
dad's for dinner because we have no food
in there we go to mama dad's like a
ridiculous amount considering you are
basically an old man at 31 and I'm 28
like my dad's today to be honest at
least she's still not doing my washing
you you don't now that's okay I've had
to switch to my phone I do apologize for
the terrible quality but it abused
changed I don't like the new tappy tap
yeah because you've got that regardless
on your phone it's no different I don't
like that I'm not a fan of the new
software Apple I like it the only thing
I don't like is I don't think the new
iTunes is quite as I want to ask you
guys something and Mike something I've
curled my hair differently today oh so
different and it is really different
so I'll just the middle and I left the
end straight do you guys like it
I feel like it's all caught up in my
jacket right now so if you gotta say is
the jacket on we've got a crazy jacket
and I got crazy hair
my mum has created a feast I'm not sure
what this is chicken beans that is like
sweet potato Oh tato
carrots sounds delicious gravy don't
show my hair treatment in the hair
delicious delightful so I just did all
of this chat and I wasn't filming I'm
most multitasking right now first thing
we're doing is combing the piglet
because she needs grooming to get well
to keep her fluff in check but Mike
doesn't actually do it when I'm not here
so she's recently gone a little bit
crazy she's actually quite enjoying it
look at her little face monkey
we're watching West world which I'm very
excited about because we've been waiting
for this for a long time ever since the
trailers started coming out with like
yes and the first episode was last night
Mike waited for me to watch it I also
realized you've got the hat back it is
officially winter winds arrived winter
is coming and Mike is drawing on his
golf balls cuz he's really pull like
that monster and I am looking on the
Jaeger website for 80th birthday
presents for my grandma I'm buying
Jagermeister yoga ball not that Kanye go
this little one is being so stubborn
normally she's really good at coming to
bed and we keep saying it's bedtime and
she's sitting here like no no no I can
sleep on the sofa I'm going to be fine
you can't sleep on the sofa purple a
Boosh come over time it's bedtime Pookie
you say naughty come on better come up
with a bedtime Pookie come on I have to
pick you up
night-night you monkeys come on
bedtime night night everybody I'm gonna
go to sleep now
no bye
