good morning guys and welcome back today
is October the 3rd fetch mom's birthday
today but I'm headed to London I'm not
going to see her because we that's when
we had all the celebrations at the
weekend because it smells badly today
but we did stuff on Friday Saturday and
Sunday so I'm heading to London today
it's currently 7:40 I've got five
minutes for I have to leave so I thought
I would show you my outfit it's
officially autumn guys it is freezing
cold outside and I said to Mike this
morning I was like we have to put the
heating on because I'm getting so cold I
have on my Topshop leather jacket a
white shirt which is from mango and then
I have on this jump which was in my
whole video that I put this weekend
which has the tie sides and then I have
on my new motto genes from Stradivarius
which were also in my haul this weekend
and then I have all my new look biker
boots which are my faves so yeah I feel
like you can't really see my outfit
because my arm it's not long enough
that's what it looks like yeah I'm going
to London today for I have a monthly
kind of like creative meeting with my
management team and stuff so I'm going
down to have that today it's gonna be in
the flat so yeah I probably won't see
much of you guys today because I've been
in a meeting from ten till six so I'll
show you my lunch and then I've got some
exciting stuff happening this evening so
come with me to London so just got out
my main thing went really well and I my
taxis actually now here is such a
beautiful day in London check this out
I'm so excited though I have hi I have
so much cool content coming up for you
guys
in December I have my geeky headphones
on as well
people flower right yes we have like the
whole content calendar sorted for
October but then we've also been looking
at Christmas I'm so excited you guys
know I love Christmas content so we've
been looking at some really cool new
ideas for Christmas as well so I'm
really excited for you guys to see that
I'm now on my way to the station to go
back home I feel like a yo-yo the next
couple of days is gonna be a bit here
there and everywhere but I'm going back
to the station because my friend Lisi
who you guys know is coming to stay
tonight which I'm really excited about
because she lives up north and we don't
get to see her that often so she's
coming to stay just for tonight and then
she has like a work thing down there
where would ever so she coming for
dinner I'm gonna make them dinner and
hang out with her hey guys hi
how hey hi you got a lot to say tonight
I'm looking to do hey squidgy hey use me
scuse me how rude hey tree key truth how
you doing my love did you have a good
day haha
I miss you guys zooming in on myself I'm
not too sure why so I just got home
first one home so I'm gonna get dinner
on the go I've actually been really lazy
and I stopped to evanesce at the station
it's 8 o'clock now so I didn't really
want to cook anything major so I got
these like ready prepared chicken lemon
and parmesan fill it there's actually
four of them but Mike's on his own
tomorrow night so I'm gonna separate one
out for him and I got some mushrooms
some asparagus and some if I can get
them out
traditional stringless runner beans pre
sliced very lazy but I'm hoping that we
have some sweet potato tix they didn't
actually have any in the little M&S in
station service one cook in so I
prepared
Monday evening I think you'll agree that
is pretty good I think for hey last
minute M&S run look who's back back
again long circuit did you have a good
workout I did with my elbows Oh only
person in the world that can injure his
elbow whilst running and Lisi is here
pouring ourselves in sparkly water
treacle is under the table trying to
steal food again you cheeky monkey
behave yourself and now I'm going to eat
this because I am well hungry worse good
English scuse me squidge I stand up for
two minutes and you've taken my seat you
cheeky little minx get out of the way
get out of the way
have you no choice move thank you so
cute now why would you squeegee if I sit
here hmm - your spot we're now watching
a documentary on Jimmy Savile as he do
one a Monday night
casual mmm how are you do it is a bit
creepy a bit of a creepy dude Oh talking
of creepy piglet has been grumbling all
evening she's actually sitting there and
she keeps going I'm just getting into
bed and might change the sheets today
when I was gone there is nothing better
than fresh sheets my favorite feeling in
the whole world yes good morning guys
this day is gonna be another to day log
because yes my dressing-gown
yesterday was a little short and today
it's gonna be pretty similar because I
am heading back down to London for more
meetings today but I've got some
exciting stuff this evening again my
sister is coming down so I should be
seeing her and I'll explain a bit more
anyway because I'm going to leave I just
wanted Mike to do a really quick outfit
of the day interrupt your washing up of
and from last night you enjoy your meal
it was delicious
there's except one second you're out of
focus in focus I'm wearing my Stuart
Wiseman over-the-knee boots which piglet
loves getting her paw prints on
obviously and then I have on my waxed
Topshop jeans how much top top jacket
all saints' like jumper this scarf is
from Jimmy to which I commend you love
it wearing the scarf in the boot all
time officially and then I have my
Balenciaga bag there you go
I mean I'm not gonna lie it just looks
like you're wearing a lot of black
winter is coming
wear black yes in my life I'm on time
leaving for the train station woohoo I'm
here early for once in my whole life and
I have a coffee and have a banana sort
it such a lose that I made it to London
and not know I almost just totally
stacked it in the street he'll be
embarrassing on the plus side I found
Hannah and she caught me so it's a
little kiss shouldn't let me a snack in
front of all the commuters that we've
been embarrassing if you weren't there
honestly oh my god you know when you go
over on on your heel and cuz I'm wearing
these cheaper boots it's not good we
also decided to come out wearing
matching outfits as per usual were like
Tweedledum and Tweedledee we have
exactly the same time as well so today
we're actually golfs from eating
together which is exciting that does not
happen very often but I don't know if
you guys remember when I got married I
started channel 4 fried horse all about
weddings and my wedding and Hannah was
on it too because she is where was
wedding fat before she had the babies
we're thinking about relaunching eggs we
get so many comments from you guys
saying how useful the videos are and how
you wish there was more content and we
don't really post on it anymore so what
we're doing is going from eating today
actually relaunching the bridal channel
what do you guys think I don't know it
will happen very soon but we're really
excited about it because it's something
to do together I feel like we used to
spend so much time together and it was
like something really cool that we used
to do together and now we don't see each
other as much because we live further
apart yeah exactly so yeah we're really
excited about it and I'll keep you guys
updated we have basically like a massive
creative meeting similar to yesterday
and were like it's probably gonna be
about 4 hours we're hoping I must leave
at 3 o'clock we're hoping we might have
an hour of shopping afterwards I'm
hoping anyway so that's what's happening
today is another beautiful day in London
today blue skies I'm just loving this
awesome weather I'm getting worried
excited every time the seasons change
I'm like yes get my wardrobe out ya know
I'm wearing so many boots the meeting
went really well we've got some really
exciting stuff coming up you guys we're
now in this always reminds me of you
because you're super weird but Hannah
always has soup and popcorn impressed do
you put the popgun in the soup
look and then I go through little bit so
people have to eat it really quick you
so shall we lo I've got the chicken and
broccoli suit which I'm gonna try not
spill all over myself taking a broccoli
soup and then I also got the crazy salad
I might try it with the popcorn look at
all shriveling up I'm not sure about
this hand-hewn really soggy
I like popcorn man definitely it's good
but
and you get a pretty fancy
laughter I may have sneaked at least
snuck into Topshop and I'm trying on a
few things
naughty look how amazing this is look at
the back they only had a size 12 versus
6 so we shall see oh my god guys I'm
beyond excited right now so I'm back at
my flat now and I'm working on a blog
post all about boots so I've been
obsessed with these boots that a lot of
people have right now I'm just going to
google them they're from Givenchy and
the buckle boots I'm pretty sure you
guys might have seen them because a lot
of celebrities have them were quite old
bloggers have them but they're like 900
pounds so these boots the ones I'm
talking about they're do font she
studied multi boots aren't they amazing
so I have what I had noticed at Topshop
and friend Lucy out she spotted this I
noticed that Topshop made really similar
boots called the Amy boots which look
like this so really similar copy but
they are sold out everywhere so
basically this whole kind of like
process of searching for these boots
they're on eBay for like hundred fifty
quid but I'm not gonna pay that I was
like you know what I'm going to do a
spend or splurge versus save post about
awesome boots on my blogs I've been
researching autumn boots and then I was
just looking on River Island and I found
these bad boys for 80 pounds but they're
having like they're currently having a
expending save event on the river kind
of website so I got them for sixty-five
pounds they're real leather and look how
close they are to the chiffon she ones
not those ones so these are the Givenchy
ones these are the River Island ones ok
very naughty but I'm not gonna lie it's
saving me quite a lot of money and I'm
really excited about this I've just
ordered those I will also put a link if
you guys want to find them to my blog
post cuz I'm finishing that off now so
by the time this video goes up it's
gonna be live which I'm excited about
you know when you get that real buzz of
finding like a real something you really
want but it's a bargain like I was
considering buying the full price one
was I can't spend that much money
they're so expensive
and then I found those and I think I
even prefer them because they're bit
less studies they're a bit less kind of
like over the top and I definitely
prefer them to the top shot ones because
they are like more similar to the
geology one so very exciting moment guys
I'm such a shopping loser
so my dinner has arrived I was really
good and went with me seafood salads and
Reimer is here looking very smug because
I'm not gonna buy that pizza looks
amazing it finally made my post live
about my favorite winter boots yay it
only took me a while but here it is I
hope you guys like it go and check it
out sled falls calm if you want to read
it which I would obviously recommend so
it is goodness knows how late now I just
actually fell asleep and I woke up I was
like I need to finish my vlog um I had
such a good evening with Remo so nice to
see her and just yeah have a good chin
wag and I've had a really nice day
actually I hope you guys are all doing
well I'm sorry as well about having like
double vlog Toba vlogs like two days in
one just the way everything's fallen so
far I've been doing that but they're not
all gonna be like that so yeah I hope
you don't mind it's just a little bit of
a different way to doing it to normal on
busy days I'm gonna end up vlogging so
much so yeah I'll be doing some kind of
single one some level ones hope you
don't mind and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye
