good morning guys and welcome to the
first of October
yes I'm logging this month actually
happening so many of you guys are
requesting it I thought let's just bring
it bring it on a little pale today I use
the new foundation I think it's a little
bit of a pale color for my skin actually
really like the texture there's a new
Burberry one and I think I might need to
wait time a bit paler what you doing mr.
bacon
Vikram we are cooking brunch for our
friend Hannah and my brother and his
family they're all coming over got some
bacon going on the dead as well I feel
like we've been chopped I could bring
mom and dad I think don't you yeah
possibly got bacon but I'm sure oh my
god not enough bacon we can do it we're
doing eggy bread we're doing eggy bread
and some other otherwise known as french
toast why do English people call it a
cure breakfast were cool well done who
knows why so what's happening Saturday
morning the doll why is that because you
know French we're not French no
Americans on French either and they call
it french toast where are my dogs hello
hello hello you what's your one thing to
point out so you see the milk frother
what happens when you leave milk in it
for a week I haven't used that oh you
must have done because I certainly never
used another proper that's how long we
going to spin in their little and it's
time
oh it was still in the like thing on all
that might have been me make me a cup of
coffee I believe you forgot about it
so we're now on a Saturday afternoon
hunt for brisket mike is cooking a mega
Sunday lunch timorous it's my mum's
birthday on Monday and we're having a
little family round and we just went
into this butchers here and they didn't
have any so now we're looking at 2:30 on
a Saturday for a local butcher that has
the meat that he wants and it's proving
tricky in the supermarket with MDF he's
covered in dog hair prepping for the
roast I wanted to show you guys this
card I got off my mum it's her birthday
on Monday and this it's just so funny
okay because this picture of this
Labrador looks so much like my mom's dog
who is famed for eating things off the
side and it just has a bit of birthday
cake and it says it'll be criminal to
leave it and it just it just makes me
laugh so my aunt was birthday girl so
we're now on our way out for dinner at
the pub with my whole family the kids
included it's gonna be hilarious running
about 15 minutes so my sister just
called me like why are you the kids like
screaming in background not good
too busy walking them dogs too busy what
kind of dog makes cotton work message me
and Lily have matching muscles that's
way cool
oh my goodness guys I just fell asleep
at my mum's I look like I have the worst
bags in the West because this lighting
as well watching me go like what a good
film I haven't seen in so long we have
just spent the night dancing around the
kitchen with the kids they are so
hilarious Mike had to wrestle he had to
chase a little he loved Mike don't bet
now I'm gonna get some sleep and
tomorrow we are cooking the world's
biggest sundae rose okay this guy's such
an amazing autumn morning Mike isn't a
very interesting outfit this morning
because he's rolled straight out of bed
today is my mom's kind of non birthday
so her birthday is actually tomorrow but
all of my family are here today so we
are cooking a massive rose to all my
family they're all coming over and what
we're doing first thing this morning is
picking apples for the apple pie we're
making a pie apple crumble apple pie a
time this is why Mike is in half pajamas
half trainers half coat and we're off to
find the apple tree which is this one
one of them how many apple trees do we
have there's one there as well that one
in this one pear trees we've got all my
trees can we put pear in it as well it's
not pear out yet is there Mike doesn't
like there look at these big juicy
apples this is the pear tree guys I can
see the pears but Mike doesn't like
pears so he's not letting us eeny look
at them the pears Apple mission
accomplished we're going to now bake the
cake the pie apple pie cake but baking
the pie doesn't sound as exciting as
baking the cake I'm in the process of
having a professional Beauty makeover
from this one
in their own little world I've got my
makeup bracelet like it's like your
color Lily you want to see like that
know your color oh they are demo my lips
ah what color is it
yeah lovely and this is white yeah what
look are you going for
see you later learning that's a good
look this is a see you later look bye
Lily is that it what do you have I
shadow in here that what is this
those look like great colors Lulu what
about these ones on your cheeks yeah
this Bartlett bombs all of them is that
for me now I'm gonna put it on eautiful
you're much better applying it on me
then you are on yourself I think people
you got that one or that one on top are
you gonna put that somewhere else
yeah oh this is the line there is
actually a ginger tab this is the lip
liner one more hat one more touch yeah -
lovely move all the crazy fees -
kaiserschmarrn and sausages for mom's
birthday
it's action all stations on the race
making mics chopping the garlic got the
meat here oh my god smells so good
Rosemarie is the best I am in charge of
peeling the apples from the garden and
I've just laid the table there's 12 of
us because my grandma's not coming
anymore
so I've kind of like put together two
tables because we don't have like a
massive table that will see everybody so
I've laid out the table ready for the
feast as you may be able to tell three
kitty spots for Lulu spike and Arthur
and then my mum's at the end when the
birthday stuff yeah guys this might be a
little bit of a botched apple pie
because Mike did not buy enough pastry
but the filling is so delicious and I
use my rolling pin that means that it
says baked pie flour to force all over
the top yes I hope you chose that Mike
is now cooking Yorkshire pudding have
you not put them in yet oh here's the
batter doesn't seem like a lot of batter
Mike holy it's that oil yes that oil oh
my god so much oil all right wasn't film
if you can ok I'm filming
well is that enough find out I didn't
realize such oil went into cooking
Yorkshire puddings I might skip them in
the future
I'm gonna money more and I'm not sure
I'm just gonna do them I need more back
tonight I know but I'm just tryna I
think we need mum in here to assess this
situation my apple pie is looking a
little bit worse for wear right now it's
gonna be tasty though it's not all about
the looks way short on the batter as I
predicted gotta make more bikes now
freaking out
treacle you're not getting any food no
apple pie looks a bit questionable guys
but let's hope it tastes good finishing
off the Sunday afternoon feast by going
on a run Mike is ready it's been getting
fit we see how he might be trying I'm
ready for my girl power hoodie on let's
do this actually a really beautiful day
look at this guy's
what a nice autumnal afternoon no one
because we had a massive feast day this
is my dearest night I'm having some
natural yoghurt and some apple and I'm
also gonna pop in a little bit of
marmalade this is a pot of marmalade
from my friends mum this is homemade and
try it tonight I don't normally like
marmalade but I feel like that is a
preconception that I made when I was
about 10 and I haven't had it since so
let's give it a go so we're having Oh
nine minutes we're having a Sunday night
movie session lips appear and piglet is
trying to snaffle my snacks clearly yes
they look so tasty not and yeah we're
watching at me before you tonight which
I managed to convince Mike to watch
finally basically we all had a vote and
Libby voted from my movie not for likes
it's so good I've seen it before it did
make me cry last time but in a good way
it's now saying we're just playing 16
freakin minutes why is it so slow it's
because it's way to create wisely and it
I definitely did not finish my vlog last
night because we watched me before you
and I think Mike actually liked it more
Harrison
because I'm up early this morning and
then we watched a really old-school
two-part film called Rebecca because
Libby had mentioned it and I fell asleep
watching that so I didn't finish my blog
I hope you guys enjoyed it I'll see you
again tomorrow today and I really wanted
to talk Nora I'm gonna put it in
tomorrow as well guys at least my back
