good morning guys and welcome to the
29th of September 2016 may seem like a
random date but today is actually the
anniversary of when I started my youtube
channel which was way back in 2009 and
today I'm having a party to celebrate
I'm so excited they'll be taking guys
along with me and showing you what is
going on all day I'm a little bit
stressed this morning because it is 5:00
to 10:00 I've just felt a video taking
the dogs for a walk and now I'm gonna
try and stuff them all into my car along
with their bed and all of my luggage for
tonight and take them over to Mike's mom
who's looking after them for the evening
then I'm heading down to London to film
and get ready with me for tonight and
then have the party I'm so excited if
you guys haven't already seen my montage
video which by now will be up on my main
channel but today it's going off at 5
p.m. so I'm really excited about that
I'm working on it for a few weeks now
and it's just like the best bit so the
past 7 years on YouTube I can't believe
it crazy if you want to see that I'll
link it below and I've also had a total
blog redesign as well and I've written a
really special post with a lot of
pictures from throughout the years I
went through the whole of my phone for
the last seven years and picked out kind
of the best moments that YouTube created
Grauman's and I hope you guys like it
all about kind of what I've learned on
YouTube over the past seven years and
it's a really personal one for me so I
hope you guys enjoy it anyway I'm gonna
link that below as well I better get
going now I've got five minutes to get
all of my luggage into my mini it's
gonna be interesting okay guys that was
seriously a workout I've got all of my
luggage on the passenger seat then I've
got the dogs in the back in some kind of
fashion they've got their bed in there
and if you guys can see all the seats
down squidge wanted to sit in the
passenger seat so badly she in fact
wanted to sit on the gearstick next to
me
on the handbrake even five minutes later
than scheduled but we're gonna do it I
left like 15 minutes allowance for like
stress and dogs let's do this
so I made it in time actually just left
both not camera in the car and had to
run back for it
fun time so I've just got the fat and I
arrived with my C case and realized that
I don't have my makeup bag really good
skills Fleur well done so myself
giving myself a total pat on the back I
met you can we get ready with me so I
just spent the past 20 minutes or so
looking around the flat for makeup I do
keep some makeup here so I've managed to
like whittle together a selection but
it's not what I wanted to use and I'm so
annoyed about it oh well let's hope this
is the only thing that goes wrong today
because otherwise we may be in trouble
filming is almost finished guarantee ur
doing my hair as per usual making me
look much better than I normally do I've
got my dress on as well because he
didn't want me to ruin the hair and that
was going on we just went live with the
new video and the feedback so far has
been amazing I love you guys so much and
the website is up everything is going to
plan yes I was so nervous about today
you know when you just don't want to
jinx it by saying anything but I was
really really nervous about everything
so I've now got a shoe dilemma going on
I've got three shoes to choose from this
is my dress I've got the first two
actually lent to me by Sophia Webster
which I'm very excited about she's my
favorite shoe designer look at these how
fabulous they are but I don't know if
it's just too much with the dress can't
decide and then I've got these amazing
butterfly ones again there's a few
webster ones and then I have my classic
go to Jean Rita Rossi's which is so does
you don't look at the dirtiness but that
they are the three options
what should I decide oh I don't know
flog it on the street Sun is going down
this is Polly who's filming today
concentrating she's filming my bag right
now and we are waiting I'm gonna miss it
run around but I won't be able to see
myself we are waiting to grab to include
Harvey Nichols where the path is
I went for the plain cheese guys I was
not brave enough for the sparkly ones I
think it was too much with the bag but I
think they look cute together
yeah I'm reading all of the comments on
my new video in the car on my way to the
party you guys are so awesome honestly
for making my day right now so just
arrived guys oh my God look at the cake
this is actually amazing this is made by
my friends at R&J souk and I've never
seen such beautiful cake in my life
it has macaroons it has a seven and has
ice cream has popcorn
we have Harvey Nichols cookies there's a
wall of balloons
there's my montage video playing all the
big screens there's seven amazing now we
just wait for everybody to arrive
this is what happens when you leave a
seventh birthday Mike is wait he's way
down in sevens we need all sevens mind
we need them we've just got back and
I've had the best evening ever it was so
much fun
Mike is Oh naked you just take this
shirt off how I had the best evening
ever it was so awesome we have the
number 7s back in the flat guys I'm not
entirely sure what we're gonna do with
them but I love them they're staying
there for the time being I've got loads
of presents that people bought me how
awesome is this
this is an actual birthday present from
my friends James and Izzy and then I
have a present from my friend Paul he
works at Elizabeth Arden Suzy who you
guys know from hello October bought me a
present
we just awesome I have the goodie bag
which everybody got and then I have a
little cupcake from my friend Lauren as
well I'm so spoiled I want to show you
guys what comes what what came in the
goodie bag as well because I haven't
actually seen in here yet how exciting
is this guys okay
flora Harvey Nichols cookie that is very
cool I'm very overexcited by that and
then there is a little box from Mac
which is my four favorite mac lipsticks
I was so excited to be able to do this
for the goody bags there's mulling
spices from the new Lipton tea
collection there is smoked almond from
an intensity which is my favorite color
there's the cream chain in modesty and
luster in syrup that like my four
favorite ever colors of matte lipstick
very excited about that and then what
else do we have in here there is a NARS
orgasm blush palette or is it like an
extra oversized let me show you guys I
think it's like a giant orgasm Mike
thinks that's hilarious
giant orgasm blusher and there
is a perfume sample which is Russian
leather odor Python from emo Paris it's
like a big sample that smells good I
can't wait to smell that and then what
else do we have this I think comes with
the Russian leather discovery I think
that's like more samples of the same
fragrance there are some of my last
year's I got the individual ones
there is another cookie the photophores
cookie
there is a nails in the reflectors like
a silver color very cool there is a mini
Laura Mercier I think this is mascara
yeah it's a rodeo snake mask wow that is
an awesome thing I've actually used that
before it's so good and then there are
two more things there is a brow bar
nourishing brow oil how awesome is that
guys I'm so excited by that I have on my
running leggings to sleep in because I
forgot my pajamas and it's actually
getting cold now like I feel like autumn
is upon us
all of a sudden Mike is still got no
shirt on
Mike said don't show me naked I'm just
about a foot shorter video my body will
see you guys another time another time
actually the world shout guys we're
doing vlog Toba is coming later
