good morning guys and welcome to my
weekend Saturday I guess Mike it's 8
o'clock on Saturday morning and Mike is
being the best husband in the world
and taking me to the station mike is
been in Scotland I've been in New York
and today we're we're actually both
heading down to London behind game this
morning white is coming this afternoon I
am going so London Fashion Week I'm
feeling a little bit drained after New
York and had a day to kind of like get
myself back together I'm now heading and
to get my hair done with the rock'n'roll
team and then going into a appointment
to get my outfit there tomorrow for
Topshop because they're dressing me for
the show and then I will show I'm going
to house followed show and then I'm
going to guaran spend a party that's the
part Mike is coming for the less of the
fashion stuff more of the fun stuff and
yeah that is what is news today jet lag
it's not my friends right now
when you're early for the train and your
time to get Starbucks best feeling ever
so I've come into some practice today
which I never normally do if there's a
problem on the line I normally get but
it's so much nicer than Euston and
there's so many awesome shots and the
amount of times I'm stuck in Easton like
an hour with nothing to do
typically one time I come here note I'm
ready to get my hair done and now with
the lovely Antonio from rock loyal and
he's recreated the look that is going to
be on the catwalk for attempt early
tomorrow and looks a little something
like this
do you want to tell everybody what it is
polyethylene hope we have a bye bye
very disheveled but yet quite
sophisticated I think kind of like the
perfect blowout
very happy looking here and we don't
worry anymore with them you know curly
or kind of like a bitch with just like a
broken wing
I love it and the actual models are
gonna have pink through like the middle
so you'll see just a little bit and I
can't have those I don't have the
extensions and it would be stealing it
not yet but you'll got you guys will get
to see later in this vlog I'll show you
like backstage at the show and yeah I am
now heading into Topshop to pick out my
outfit for tomorrow a little bit of rush
and out-breath I just walked here cuz
there is some kind of creepy
demonstration going on where I was so
then I got here five minutes late a
little sneak peek at what I'm looking at
in Topshop I love this this is a
definite maybe a shirt this dress is
gorgeous and lots of other things I love
this but it didn't fit me properly super
high waisted but look at the Stars red
dress white shirt some jeans and then I
have on this which I think might
actually be the one I'm gonna wear
tomorrow what do you guys think in a cap
on my way to the Henry Colin show and I
don't think I'm gonna make it I've
stressed out I hate being late sly my
pet peeve I think I'm gonna make it guys
literally just in time
oh my god guys I'm so gusted I missed it
by one minute one freaking minute the
studio 30 minutes showing them I realize
they don't show
anything will they stop for a sandwich
as a random coffee shop around the
corner from Topshop just picked up my
outfit it's in there I've actually got
two so I'm going to change me today why
who is this that is sat next to me and
uber so this present for Gareth is
possibly one of the coolest things I've
ever bought anyone and I know he's got
some metallic silver like properly
metallic silver high-top trainers that
light up different colors so you press
the button and they literally like flash
pink blue green all the colors of the
rainbow because I saw them in a shop and
was like she's gonna throw those in as
well and yeah I mean I wish I'd shown
them I'm just gonna let them up I will
show you guys when he puts them on if
I'm gonna make him open life this is my
giant octopus dinner so weird you know I
was telling you about the shoes earlier
three shortage on the hunt for chicken
wing Jack is in front
spicy chicken wing I'm sorry Mike but
your shoes I'm not a fan of them we just
do Mike can we just do a little close-up
so being embarrassing don't do a lot
Thomas a bad close I mean it's dark but
can you see how non cool they are this
is what happens when you guys shoe
shopping without me nicely without
burned diner amo we've got
a chicken some chance a burger
we ate all limits good morning guys so
it's bright and early it's off for seven
right now and I have just been getting
ready to go to London Fashion Week I'm
doing everything in one day today I've
got five shows one event two backstage
one interview in the back of a car with
hello magazine and I've created madness
mike is not very happy at being woken up
on a Sunday morning to take outfit
pictures for me we do the little outfit
this is a violation of my Sunday this is
my outfit today this is my Topshop look
at the mess behind you I mean so yeah
the dress is Topshop unique shoes not
Topshop and then I have my little v
which is from Aston all that is my looks
a little bit which heat a little bit
gothic for a Sunday morning let's do
this I was so tired we got to bed at
about midnight last night and woke up at
6:00
Coulsdon we woke up at 6:00 that would
be me you're gonna pay for this so I've
just left the monarch of another event
and they gave me a little present I
can't wait to open that I'm now on my
way to meet my friend Alex who actually
works on the hello digital team and
we're doing a carpool interview today
hello Mike which I'm really excited
about oh my god Ashley had a Range Rover
which is hilarious
I will update you guys from the color I
mean the back of the car my friend Alex
it's probably my ride we have tables
champagne and snap oh hello
if it wasn't 90 morning I look
at these cameras as well I need these
for my car when I'm vlogging it's pretty
scary yeah we're off got Mario and Hugh
in front leaving away and doing a little
in turn back in the car what better way
to start your Sunday morning
preacher amazing like grunge meets wild
our supporter of shows and meeting my
friend Robin for lunch and I wanted to
show you guys this little bag and how
much I've managed to fit in here
I was literally practical and my camera
she fits in here as well I have like my
invitations I have blotting sheets I've
got a hairbrush and got my keys portable
charger it's like a mini what's in my
bag blister plasters of course concealer
lipstick crazy a chorizo and squids stew
with chickpeas it looks really good
actually
bit of a sustenance before the top show
we'll make a miser this is the table
tops a space
all change if you notice something weird
going on with my collar and off to the
10th we show
Lucy's actually here as well helping me
out taking photos been a little bit
flustered in the last five minutes and I
was gonna wear these gold shoes that I
got yesterday that are really beautiful
but I've decided they're just too high
and I have to be wearing them from like
now which is five o'clock to like ten
o'clock tonight so I was like it's not
happening so I have got my shampoo turn
Rocky's on and then I've still got my
same little trunk bag along with the
tote bag with my laptop two cameras and
a load of other stuff that I will sneaky
hide somewhere
look at the venue guys this is so
beautiful on a sand on the floor real
sand this is going to be interesting
temporary show was amazing guys I
literally have dress envy of the whole
collection I'm like I want it so
beautiful and when I when I way to
Charlotte Olympia to see some serious
shoe porn check out my banana show
ticket to Charlotte Olympia I had to
fold them in half to get in the bag but
it's so funny oh my god guys this is
where the show is look how beautiful it
is
these little like club tables I don't
want official name for the MS then these
are our seats and there's a blow-up
banana on every seat this is amazing
and we have another lovely Lydia and big
and tisha and we're hanging out waiting
for the shoes and those palm trees
I just got out of the Charlotte limpy
show it was incredible it was like a
party a Rio Carnival and they set off a
glitter cannon at the end it just topped
it all off it reminds me of my wedding
day all over again and we're now on the
way to our last show of the day
Christian art no Vic I always want to
call it odd Vinick but it's odd no Vic
the other way around
I've actually been to their show a
couple of years ago it was amazing like
super kind of ornate beautiful dresses
I'm really excited for it we're going
backstage again Antonio's doing the hair
again and I've heard some good things
about it so so this is the hotel that
the shows in Oh God look how glam guys
won like girls get involved in the
rainforest and it was about bringing
that who I am there's about them and
drinking that saltiness and bringing
that world the world in the winners
animalistic side
oh my goodness guys I've just got back
to the fam so tired it is just gone 11
and I went on my phone in the car on the
way back I was like I need to quit get
delivery before everywhere shops know
where delivers at 11 o'clock to my place
on a Sunday night so I was really sad
about this cuz I'm really hungry I had
lunch earlier with Robyn but it's been
super busy as I really wonder I was like
I've only got harrybo I know there's no
food but I forgot the other day I bought
some cereal so it's gonna be special kay
red berries for me guys this is retro I
used to eat this stuff everyday when I
was at school I used to love it so you
know there we go finally blown up my
banana guys and I have the salsa music
stuck in my head like did the dirt did
yeah awkward um this is just gonna live
here from now on I think it makes a
great addition with my ironing board may
comes off I'm in my PJs and I'm catching
up on poldark good times I only call it
a night here guys
thank you for joining me for London
Fashion Week I've had a hectic day I'm
actually going home tomorrow I'm so
excited just to spend a night at home
and chill out with the dogs and Mike and
yeah it's been a busy few weeks but I
hope you guys have enjoyed this vlog so
anyway I'll see you very soon bye
