hey guys and welcome to the second part
of my New York Fashion Week adventure
I've just checked in to my new hotel I'm
here for the second part of the trip
with Moroccan oil and I'm so excited to
checks into the nomads in Midtown and
it's so awesome I want to show you my
room because it's such a cool room you
walk in into this light I feel like I
need to know how you turn these lights
on but the bathroom well there's the
toilet in there
you walk into like the dark area and
there's like the mini bars in there it's
really cool and the doors are crazy like
ornate and black I love it and then this
is the room I've just got here so
literally like opened up all my bags
it's like a crazy explosion but here's
the bed and then there's a mirror here
and like a little wardrobe in there with
an iron which I'll definitely be using
because my stuff is so creased from my
suitcase and I may or may not have a lot
of baggage with me and then I have these
two windows here and you can see right
out across Manhattan all of the
skyscrapers some really nice they say is
that she's so hot outside and then I got
given all of these amazing gifts when I
checked into my room these were waiting
for me so excited to try so many of
these there's the new I assume it's new
because I have never tried it before
it's called the fleur de ros range cool
name I have to say mmm
so yeah there's a hand cream the body
butter the body scrub and then there's
the original fragrance hand cream the
original fragrance moroccan rose my
faith and then this like scarf there's a
mini emergency kit that's chocolate
there's two sizes of the original rock
and roll treatment a candle which I'm
most excited about and a gorgeous makeup
right I feel so spoiled very very lucky
and then there is the sink this is
actually really cool the sink is like in
the room and then the shower is here as
well now if you have Lucy who works at
my management company James grant coming
and staying in the room with me which we
did not realize there's gonna be a
shower in the room it's gonna get cozy
New York Fashion Week madness I think
she's about five minutes away so I'm
really excited for her to get here and I
feel like this is really fate because
not only is the product called Fleur de
rose but look Wales is on the wall I
just
noticed it's just got my name everywhere
this is weird reaction we may or may not
have just purchase more items since
poorer and we're now on our way to Fifth
Avenue doing all the sites in one
evening pretty much yeah pretty epic
every time I come to a square I forget
how awesome is we're walking past this
Italian it's called Feliz and we've
stops I've got spaghetti vongole for
dinner
Lucy's got some kind of tasty looking
polonaise and we've got strawberry
daiquiris happy days it's so noisy in
here me today
Sunday brunch at Smith it's actually
next to our hotel I've never been to
this one before I've just been to the
100 mile in condenser it's so yummy
I've got Sicilian baked eggs with
burrata it looks so yummy Lucis got
expanded eights yeah delicious and iced
coffee because we need it I slept every
other night I had a solid like probably
nine hours sleep and I feel amazing
so we've been doing a little bit of a
walking tour this morning and we've been
shooting outfit pictures look book that
you guys do things very soon we're now
in Soho but we're heading first to do
Maria Tosh we have never been to this
one I think it's like the actual like
shop liquor shop it's really busy in
here oh my god Sophie these are so nice
I just wanted to vlog in here and show
you guys this shot we're in Prada and
it's just so beautiful it looks like
there's a half-point in the store it's
awesome and we've just discovered these
bags I think this is my next designer
bag lost item I know I said that I don't
want anything for a while but I just
love it and look all the colors I love
this one too
how nice is this ah Christmas wish list
I've got all the oysters and all the
clams right now and Lucy's got a burger
and they're looking at me with your
disgusting I'm now on my way to the
Maybelline Fashion Week party to check
it out I have a quick drink before going
up dinner with one of my friends who
lives out here so we will see what it's
like it's such a beautiful evening right
now the humidity has dropped so much
like last night was unbearably humid
and today it's just been delightful my
arm really hurts hi I'm Bella so then
you just turn it runny you don't know
what you're looking yeah this is Bella
guys that we've just been talking about
vlogging and how you blog and video
camera so you can hold it like that for
all of five seconds as it makes it look
so uncomfortable Wow good venture out of
it and then it'll focus so you've been
having dinner in Williamsburg and I
would show you dinner but we already ate
it now I'm probably gonna get home and
Sunday night come on in guys so after a
day of Fashion Week we're back into it I
am first of all heading to get my hair
done because yeah this is just not
happening is it by Moroccan oil I'm
really excited and then we are going to
the Zac Posen show later today we're
actually going backstage first as well I
just had my hair done and I'm loving it
it's looking all kind of like sexy messy
big fan and I'm now well I've just
finished filming my whole video which is
going off on Friday like now ironing my
outfit to get ready to go backstage at
the Zac Posen show and then go and watch
the show tonight I'm so excited and yeah
we need to go get some lunch at some
point apparently there is a sweet
Green's next door which a lot of people
have recommended to me and so I'm gonna
go and check it out see if they've got
any tasty things cuz I'm hungry this is
my first experience of sweet greens
although I don't think they've mixed it
very well because the prawns are at the
bottom I got watermelon and feta salad
with prawns see if it's any good so this
is a look cheaper today
actually looks really awesome like super
textured hair like half-up half-down
having a little pre-show pick-me-up in
the form of espresso and here's on our
ice cream and a coffee because the
backstage was done so we have about 45
minutes and then we're gonna go watch
the show
so I just got out the slack Posen
chairman it was amazing honestly the
most beautiful show I've ever seen the
hair was gorgeous the dresses were just
to die for like genuinely oh my god
so so beautiful we're now heading off to
the wrong woods I'm getting into an uber
we're heading off to the reward sale
party which actually started at 6:00 and
it's now like 8:00 but there's still an
hour left so we're gonna go get a drink
there and then go get some food so
pretty epic view pretty epic music -
good morning guys and welcome to another
day at Fashion Week today we're going to
Vera Wang super excited it's actually
really early 8:45 we're going backstage
first and we're gonna go watch the show
I am beyond excited Vera Wang oMG so
this is the Vera Wang backstage madness
cl√© de Peau doing the makeup and it's
like really no makeup makeup but the
hair is like such a beautiful texture
like really undone so nice
so we're just coming out of there as
backstage it was awesome I'm so excited
to see the show the hair looks awesome
the makeup like no makeup really cool
nails just like one stripe down the
middle and the whole we got like a sneak
peek in the clothes and it all looks
really dark so I'm so excited to
actually see the show there is a giant
and I mean giant air-conditioning unit I
think there's enormous is making so much
noise behind here it's actual show space
I think there's a show going on right
now I know they're setting up but yeah
this is the show space I was in here the
other day watching the SICU oh it's like
huge and this must be where they go look
this is like where you go up into the
show space exciting currently having a
bit of an impromptu outfit of the day
shoot on the steps of the post office on
a side though this is the grandest post
office I've ever seen in my life like I
mean we just don't get post offices like
this in England we have half an hour to
shoot my outfit this is what I'm wearing
sneak peek you're gonna see it a
lookbook but let's do this
got 15 minutes to spare so obviously
we're heading into granary this looks
like a massive one as well head into the
danger zone
so we pop back to the hotel room for a
whistle-stop bagel lunch because we had
like 15 minutes I've just changed my
outfit for Monique Lhullier are shooting
three outfits today because it's just
the way like everything's worked I was
easier to shoot today and that is all I
feel a little bit frazzled I have my
skinny caramel macchiato on the go to go
let's go
look at these ponytails I love this hair
so much with the ribbons - it looks
amazing a little bit of a break
in-between backstage and the show again
so we've come to the High Line one of my
favorite places to hang out in New York
but it is so hot that we're having to
sit in shade on the tree with everyone
else because it's boiling but New York
is very very beautiful and you can see
the Statue of Liberty
y'see man
really far really really really really
really really but can you see it can you
see it over there yeah
oh my goodness that show was so
beautiful I actually wanted to cry I
really wanted every single things
absolutely stunning oh my god I think
that's the point favorite show I've ever
seen in my life and it was just
glittering and beautiful so far last
night in New York where she headed to
ABC 15 which is here I've actually never
been here Paul and I've had so many good
things about that
so I'm excited I think there's like 20
of us for dinner as well oh my god I
love these doors they're like the mirror
in my flat I just got back to my hotel
room and I'm so tired I feel like this
is actually this is my last night at a
Fashion Week and it's been this is my
eighth night it feels like I've been
away for no time at all because it's
gone so quickly it's been so busy and
fun but yeah but one more show tomorrow
I've got my okay so which I feel like
it's gonna be the last but definitely
not the least like I think it's gonna be
the best show my case is normally so so
beautiful so I'm really excited for that
I'm gonna go to sleep now I'm so tired
I'll see you guys in the morning my last
final Daniel had a bit of a late start
this morning when I'm packing but we're
now having brunch in Jack my freedom I
got this delightful looking salad slash
tuna thing looks amazing tuna cherry
tomatoes cucumber soy dressing chickpeas
got some chips
Lisa got the Madame Frieda which is what
Betty got last time I feel exactly which
you guys store as well which is pretty
weird
yeah we're going backstage at Marchesa
I can't wait to the doing this like
amazing slicked back look which is
actually really similar to a hairstyle I
wore drafters in February and I love it
Marquesa madness right now guys
so guys I'm finishing off Fashion Week
in style we just had to run up the
Marchesa show and we went outside and it
is torrential rain and we've got to go
and get our flight like right now so we
just round in the rain and me and Lucia
but this show was beautiful like
incredibly beautiful they had loads of
gorgeous kind of like like mixed still
trains and like capes and it was just a
dream
Marchesa and Monique Lhullier together I
feel like just have princess dresses
down right now it's time to get our bags
and go to the airport over here back
into the room I am at JFK right now
having a seafood salad for my dinner
before I get on the plane kind of sad to
be going home because I've had the best
week ever but I'm also really excited to
get home to Mike and the Bucs and London
Fashion Week which starts in a couple of
days for me so it's gonna be a busy few
days thank you for joining me or I will
be blogging from London - to come back
for more fashion week madness but in
England so probably gonna be more rain
like today I'll see you guys soon
