good morning guys so today I am off to
New York with Mac very excited but I've
got to say goodbye to this one looks
very darn a wire whatever you still got
very good where is she gonna see not
just pinky with a GPS tracker
I'll see you see my baby I love you bye
where are the other two have I got no
chance got absolutely no chance I'm
gonna miss you guys
I made it to New York it was actually a
really really nice flight and I just
checked into my room this is the awesome
view outside I'm staying in the Soho
grand I will show you around the room
got a huge bed all to myself very
excited about that really cool wallpaper
actually in the background I like the
lights and stuff it's very chill the
very kind of wooden vibe and then TV
chest of drawers which I'm also slightly
obsessed with how cool is this I want
this in my actual house or there's a
safe in there and then I have this desk
and a little wardrobe in here which I
may need a few more hangers than that
I've got a lot of clothes with me I've
got like a minibar there's a mirror here
as well like a full-length mirror and
then the bathroom is so cute look at the
wallpaper so cool I love this bathroom
I've never seen this hotel before it is
super cute so I've just got ready to go
out for dinner I'm just going out for
sushi with the lady from Mackey's come
with me and I thought I would show you
my outfit this light is really really
horrendous but this is my Topshop
leopard dress and I have on my Topshop
shoes I think you guys missing this
outfit already in another vlog but here
it is I'm gonna put on my leather jacket
if it is cold inside because I feel like
it's so humid in New York right now you
don't need a jacket but then they
overcompensate by air calling the hell
out of the rooms so I'm taking it with
me just in case and yeah I'm gonna go
eat some sushi I'm hungry and my hair is
all kinds of crazy right now
good morning from Newark guys it is
Wednesday morning I'm actually heading
out to meet my sister-in-law today she's
actually in New York for work at the
same time so I'm going to meet her for
breakfast before everything kicks off
today and I thought they would show you
my outfit under this horrendous light
which really is not my friend right now
but I have on my Topshop shirt which
I've had in a blog post before I really
like it's like a long line sure it can't
quite finish a dress because it's split
up the sides but it has this like tie on
the front which I really like and I
rolled up sleeve because it's hot
outside and then I have my black kind of
coated jeans but I like really lightly
coated so they're not too shiny and then
I have these little bad boys on which
are so I think they River I known for a
soft velvet shoes and I love them and
they tie in a bow at the back I feel
like easiest way to show you might be
like that
so you guys can see I really like these
so yeah that's why I'm wearing today
gonna go and meet Becky for breakfast
and I'm hungry because I woke up at
about 5:00 I got to bed at midnight and
I woke up at 5:00 and I just did not
sleep very well at all I normally take a
sleeping pill on my first night and I
totally forgot because I was exhausted I
passed out bad times no sleep let's do
this
that's Jack's wife Frieda I have the
breakfast bowl which has like quinoa and
avocado and a poached egg and I'm quite
jealous of this nobody has this
what is it the madam freedom resign
alone with an egg cheese oh my god it
looks so good
and coffee all the coffee we have come
to a very sunny beautiful trip and for
the Mac launch this afternoon I just
heard a blow-dried Bumble and Bumble as
well and I love it aren't these waves
just like so nice I love it
so we're heading into a cafe called cafe
Magadh or lunch before the event and
this is loving the sunshine I love
Brooklyn
oMG guys sneak peek at the new matte
lipsticks so exciting here's a closer
look all the shades guys there's 24 and
they're coming on the 29th of September
in the UK very exciting and my favorite
shade is these ones have been moved
around I think it's this one
smoked almonds love it and that's what
I'm wearing now I know there's all sorts
of kind of crazy pink Norwich lights so
I look a little bit crazy I'm gonna do
this so you can see with the natural
light a bit more well that's definitely
my favorite it's just exactly my kind of
shade and actually matches my nail
polish look at this bread as well guys
so it is my second full day in New York
and I didn't vlog again last night
because after the Mac launch we actually
ended up rushing back to the hotel to
get ready for the Kendall and Kylie
party and I was really annoyed because
they said on the invitation it was like
strictly no camera so I'm not gonna take
my vlog camera and then I got there and
then you think we checked my bag so I
totally could take my vlog camera but I
went to Kendall and Kylie event they
actually ended up giving us a goodie bag
with these Samsung headphones in which
are really good I've been using them
this morning they're like noise
cancelling ones and this air
conditioning unit is so noisy yeah they
were really awesome and they gave us
like a Kendall and Kylie gift card and a
Kylie lip kit which I might actually
give away in this vlog because I don't
really like the kind of super dry matte
liquid lipsticks
I've tried one of these before of one of
my friends and I don't really like the
formulations that controversial I know a
lot of you guys go crazy for these so if
you would like to win this then go over
to Twitter and tweet me about it and use
the hashtag FDF giveaway and say why you
want to win it and I will give it away I
feel like I'm making the T's and C's up
as I go along but if you're under 16 ask
permission it's gonna be open let's say
24 hours after this vlog goes up and
I'll pick the winner at random and it's
no open internationally there's a little
giveaway for you all over Kylie lip kit
so I'm gonna do outfit the day before I
leave again with this mirror which is
kind of crazy
and all of my maths but I'm wearing this
shirt dress this is from Marge and I
really love it's actually fairly similar
to what I was wearing yesterday because
I has the tie around the waist although
I do need to what is going on here my
bow is like come undone this is a big
bow anyway and then it's like this check
dress it looks like that I've got it
done up all the way to the top and then
I've got it rolled up at the sleeves and
then I have on my new look kind of biker
boots which I love I haven't actually
worn these since probably last winter so
earlier in the year and I just uncovered
them and I love them and then I have my
little of YSL bike I'm actually headed
to my first show of New York Fashion
Week now I'm headed to noon by Noor so
come and see what you guys think
so what half-an-hour before I'm going
for lunch I've snuck into the mothership
they have lots of goodies taking a
little walk through Chelsea Market on my
way to lunch and it never fails to make
me think of Christmas when I walk down
here and see all of these fairy lights I
love it it's like walking into Santa's
grotto even in September so we just
arrived for the second show of the day
which is deceitful and it's manic the
last one was so quiet so busy now
just go out there to single show and I'm
in the back of a cab right now it was
actually really fun it was a really fun
show and the makeup was like snapchat
posters so they had like a little dog
and they had the butterflies was really
cute I'm now on my way to get my makeup
done by max I'm actually going for
dinner with the people from Mac tonight
so they're doing my makeup which is
really kind of them and then I've got
one more show and then dinner are so
sunny or
to make up time guys doesn't this model
in the window as well it like Taylor
said I think it does this is my final
makeup that guys I love it it's so much
darker than I normally wear something
like anything guys failed to see but I
love that eye shadow as well we're now
heading out to the Palin show and this
is so cool like Wheatley she's super
creepy was she doing
so I've just got back to my room taking
all of my makeup off which as much as I
loved it felt so good because it is now
about 3:00 in the morning I think I've
had such a good time with the Mac team
it was so awesome and I'm gonna go to
bed now because I have breakfast in the
morning and that is all for now I'll see
you then
my guy hey guys so I haven't vlogged yet
today it's actually about half-past
eight right now I've been filming a
real-time haul today so I feel like I've
been vlogging for that and therefore I
haven't vlogged my vlog but I'm about to
go to a show about to go to the Baja
East show which starts at 9:00 and I
thought I would show you my outfit for
this evening I'm wearing pretty much
head-to-toe top shop with my Chloe bag
yeah so the top trousers and shoes from
Topshop I have like clothes
I literally just came in here and like
stripped off and got changed cuz I've
been shopping
yes I'm heading out I will take you guys
with me
I'm back from the show as you may be
able to tell of your face mask on this
is the SN order advanced night repair
when I've never used it before and it
comes in two pieces actually solid as
well so it makes it quite hard to talk
but I'm on my own so the only people I'm
talking to you guys I'm watching old
Vampire Diaries and I'm gonna get what I
would say is an early night but it's
actually already 10 to 11 so it's not
actually early it's just early in the
last night which was hot for us too so
I'm gonna get some sleep
I'll see you guys in the morning my
