good morning noisy good morning guys so
it is bright and early this morning it's
a Monday and it's my birthday so I've
got up and come downstairs and I'm gonna
make him some breakfast and get all his
presents ready put it on the table he's
just gone and goes laptop and he's doing
some work in bed so he doesn't know
about my sneaky breakfast I don't think
we have much available for breakfast we
have like trudeau food in the fridge but
we're gonna do it because I go away
tomorrow to New York Fashion Week and I
want to do more like a little surprise
breakfast hey guys are you gonna help
you can help me gonna hinder probably in
there give me one hand your first pot
what was that so it turns out we
literally have no food in the house so
I'm having to pop out and get supplies
I'll be back in two minutes Mike doesn't
know I'm going I literally got changed
out of things that will right downstairs
so I didn't have to tell him so I'm
still in my gym bottoms I was actually
wearing as my pajama bottoms
and then I throw a jumper looking real
good this morning mission accomplished
I've got the bread butter for the eggs
and a mini up would use they only had a
mini one and this is Mike's favorite so
I had to get it
I couldn't get orange juice he doesn't
drink our issues egg time is Mike's
little breakfast setup
they even got his bb-8 mug hey hey
birthday time happy birthday mr. in his
pants are you gonna for your residence
did I surprise you this little one has a
sock on at the moment because she caught
something on her poor we don't know if
it's a bike but basically she's been
licking it and it's all swollen and as
soon as we put the sock on it basically
disappeared but we've got the sock on to
stop by licking it and she's not very
impressed I use gruber ooh it was so
beautiful is you are good morning Scooby
me and piggy-wig is sitting here
watching Mike open his presents I think
he's being a little bit ungrateful
someone's got upset because he got given
a tie
just cuz I'm old so can you buy me all
things
what else did I buy you MDF in a show we
do birthday hold so then maybe people
want to say oh so exciting golf balls
which are apparently the wrong ones I
got in trouble for that even though he
told me to get the Platinum ones no mine
that's still forward still go please
will be used so there's a bonus what
else did you get I got this exciting box
hürmüz it's a tie I think it's a
really nice tie might needs a good time
basically Mike's tie collection is
really bad and mainly consists of things
that he got when he was 18 our luminous
pink and green which are wondrous and I
think that's a really nice subtle gray
tie that you can wear with other things
yeah there are ten times more expensive
but then the one exciting part is I
bought you a Ferrari you are so lucky
what are we going for spin later and I
wanted to take a little moment to show
you the card that I got mike rizzo cuz
it made me laugh so I've just finished
filming for the damage she's been
filming since 10 o'clock and it is now
half past seven and I even got ready to
go to the gym and everything and then I
didn't finish filming in time so Mike's
gone on his own I'm my gym gear and I
didn't go to the gym that sucks
I've been packing because I'm actually
going to New York tomorrow
you look so cute like well a Hello Kitty
piggy
hello piggy I'm going to New York
tomorrow so I've been packing I also
wanted to show you guys look at this
Piggy's wearing a collar because she has
a new addition she's like what the hell
are you doing she has a new addition her
little tracking device it's quite bulky
for her little mag but we think this
might make a big difference to our lives
piglet when you decide to go for a
little wonder we're gonna know where you
are
yes we are you're so naughty and fluffy
yes you are so there's filming and
packing mad
going on right now I've been filming a
packing video as well so there's
literally just stuff everywhere and my
dressing room but I'm getting there with
the packing I'm doing a whole week in
New York Fashion Week and I've had a
plan so many outfits I feel like I've
got all the outfits in the world planned
and ready and yeah it's just been a
little bit of a hectic one today I'm
going to meet Mike for dinner in the pub
after he's done with circuits and
feeling really good about himself and
the fact he's actually worked out so yes
that is what's happening I'm gonna check
my emails haven't done it all afternoon
so I'm expecting there to be too many
look who I found in the pub birthday boy
really where the monkey on air are you
gonna modeler
you are ridiculous always your actual
workout drinking a Shandy the food is
right I have caught with some kind of
tasty looking thing underneath it and
mashed be I don't think it's mashed
potatoes mashed beans with Teresa which
looks really delicious and oily Mike
have a steak and chips winning I knew
what you were gonna say what was that
hand gesture you know Roman so we're
home now and we're supposed to be
watching the night off but this one has
golf on this is my birthday it is your
birthday so I can't say that you have to
turn it off but it's still pretty boring
we've been watching the night up which
is a series on I think they've released
it all at the same time they haven't
obviously it's going through on the sky
but with the new sky thank you don't
know it might be any size okay basically
they have all the sky fox x on-demand so
once the series has started you can
watch everything really than you think
on every series well not on every series
put on some serious by this one you can
watch all the ones who so hence why us
well we're ahead of the game so with but
three episodes in we are family enjoy
Mike's working and can I just point out
what is that over there an icy cup of
tea in a Christmas mug and a chocolate
muffin no no no no top secret okay
hello kitty cat growl has been super
friendly recently we've been no mass
high um and little posh down here
she's cuddling in going away for a week
no no no no no no cuddle situation
happening right now no kind of
fluffiness it's so fluffy my passion
passion I just sleep on the sofa can you
tell my packing mission is complete and
now I'm going to bed
and then tomorrow I'm going to New York
I'm actually really excited as the
second time I've been to New York
Fashion Week I went this time last year
so I didn't go last season but the
season before and it was really really
awesome excited I just don't mean won't
leave Mike again I'll miss out about
that but it's just a week it'll go far
that's why Mike always says he's like
it's just a few days he'll be home too
but yeah I'm all packed up I'm ready to
sleep this is like well I mean to go and
take my makeup off I'll see you guys
very soon I hope you have an amazing day
and see you later
