hello guys so I am starting this vlog at
9 o'clock at night you guys probably
thinking what on earth is going on this
is not normal you normally start in the
morning well that is because this video
is a little bit different it's still
gonna be a vlog you're gonna see my day
but you're gonna see it tomorrow and I
wanted to do the intro now because I
have a super super super exciting
project but I've been working on and I
wanted to tell you all about it before I
start the video so if you guys follow me
on social you may have seen over the
whole of 2017 I've been working with
like for free and there Spotify hub
campaign so if you've seen me tweet
about playlists or share some of my
experiences over this year you might
have seen some of the content that's
gone out and I'm gonna put a link below
if you guys want to check out the
licensed pata 5 hub and see some
playlists and see some of my content I'm
gonna link that below so go and check
that out
but if you don't know what like and free
is tada it is a yogurt brand I have been
obsessed with yogurt since I've been
pregnant especially I've been eating so
much of this stuff it's basically nor
percent fat nor percent added sugar and
it's just still really really tasty and
this is actually my favorite flavor
which is the passion fruit and peach or
peach peach and peach passion fruit
there's no and peach passion fruit and
to celebrate our collaboration this year
like free asked me to go on feel free
experience and I'm so excited about this
because I've actually planned a surprise
trip to Paris with my mum actually her
birthday today she's on her way to
London now to meet me she doesn't know
where we're going I have a card for her
with the Eiffel Tower on it and I'm
gonna give her birthday card and say
that we going to Paris in the morning
we're leaving at like 6:30 a.m. hence
I'm doing this video now because
otherwise I'm really like but in the
morning and we're gonna go and explore
Paris like I said she's never been and
I'm just so excited to show him around
and just just experience like Paris with
her and have a really really lovely day
because obviously I'm gonna have a baby
in a few months time and I'm not gonna
be able to travel as much and I just
really was I just I'm so excited
to be doing this with her so that is
what is happening I hope you guys enjoy
it
there's also gonna be a blog post to go
along with this I'm gonna take some
pictures while were there if you want to
see that I will link that below as well
but yeah let's do it guys
I'm so excited good morning guys is
frightening up here with my movie we are
on our way to some Pankhurst to get the
train very excited I actually caught me
because it's so close oh yeah and it
forever
well it's about two hours and 20 minutes
we trade
it's very early but we're gonna get
there at about 11:00 so we've got a
whole day so we have just arrived in
Paris and really really quick and we're
now on our way to Walmart and factor
first stop on my showing jukey around
perfect or but it's a beautiful day as
well it's always like springtime you
would not think it's October dogs
talking casual so cute sacre-coeur
looking beautiful mums first sight in
Paris and I think she likes it mum just
sat down without turning around at the
top of the steps to look at this and
when I wound at the top here a little
bit out-breath look at this for you guys
so beautiful
so we just hopped in a cab and came to
class and on mums did she like Wow look
how beautiful it is guys but we made a
bit of an error and neither of us
brought sunglasses so I think it's time
maybe that we go for a little little
shop seeing as we are in hurry and also
there is a certain flagship store from a
brand that you guys may or may not know
on Rue de campa√±a
I have never been to before hint hint I
mean I'm gonna go and check it out
probably not gonna buy anything but I
just wanted to have a look so we're
gonna have a wander around here and then
I have booked a very special lunch for
me and mum
I think that architecture in Paris is my
favorite in the whole world it's just so
gorgeous so we've done a little bit of
shopping where she waiting for the
craziest crossroads right now I actually
bought a new winter coat which I'm
really excited about I'll probably show
you guys on my Instagram I think and
we're now on our way to total cost for
lunch which on my favorite new shot no
keep them surprised we'll do an
Instagram
mumbles really really nicely so our
lunch is just arrived I went for the
rigatoni mum God's a Philips state which
I'm very jealous about and some fries
and they have the best bread and the
best thing about Paris is about just
leaving and we are now going on a little
bit of a walking tour taking mom to see
the site
so I'm taking mom instead of dessert
we're guessing hot chocolate even though
it's sunny because she has to try it my
heart stops right now
haha just hot chocolate just hot
chocolate
mum's ordering sneaky macaroons so mums
first taste hot chocolate I'm gonna try
it come on
I just melted
amazing we're now walking down to the
Louvre
so beautiful the Sun has come out even
more it genuinely felt like a summers
day now it amazing we're in the
beautiful gardens in front of the Louvre
and you can just see the Eiffel Tower is
peeking out from behind that tree there
I'm gonna go and see it a little bit
later but I'm gonna take mom up to the
Palais Royale on the Louvre so beautiful
look at this sunshine guys we could not
have got a better day if we tried so
we're not actually going in to the
Louvre today because we don't have time
but here it is in all its glory
beautiful and we just got a really good
picture in front of it which I'm gonna
put in my blog posts if you guys want to
check it out I would recommend it's
pretty busy yesterday actually there's
loads and those people over here we've
managed to avoid them and we're now
going for a walk along the scent so guys
I was debating whether or not to share
this with you my mom just said we're
approaching the lube and your eyesight
is not great it's not great and I
haven't got my glasses all my contacts
so we're approaching the liver mum sees
there like then what's it called Mellon
Harriman it had been a pyramid and she's
like oh it's such a shame this
scaffolding all over he's supposed to
look like that and then we got closer
and she was like oh yeah yeah I just
lost her only to find surprise surprise
she's looking at pictures
I was buying paintings mum so naughty
this is one of my favorite things to do
in Paris when the Sun is out which is
walk along the river bank so nice we're
walking up to not road arm which is just
over here you can see the top turret so
if you look carefully but yeah we're
just walking along I think I might just
sit down in a minute
I keep forgetting that I'm actually six
months pregnant and every time I have a
day out I always end up having to have a
little bit of a sit down halfway along
could these guys chill in on the river
set look at this street guys it's so
beautiful it's having all the leaves is
handing orange it's my favorite time of
year finally got Sinatra damn bit of
walk it's definitely well worth it
they're so beautiful
so as we're standing here looking up at
not return I'm just gonna zoom in mum
spotted these people walking up here
along the Civil War claims like look at
the pigeons you need glasses mum to the
first stop when we get back home is
officially going to be the opticians
we just found this awesome little
boutique which sold perfect maternity
non-retention clothes and I got wear it
but I didn't bought a few things we're
now in a car on our way over to Santa Fe
to have a little bit of a look at the
shops and then our last stop is going to
be the Eiffel Tower of course because we
can come to Paris without the Eiffel
Tower so we've finished our day our
whirlwind tour of Paris we're stopping
off by we could not do it
obviously it's ginormous a cheeky huge
amazing and it's actually such a nice
time today as well it's like golden hour
so the light is so beautiful and it's
absolutely packed everyone's in the park
so good way to finish today and then
we're headed off back to the Eurostar to
go home my feet are killing me
back at garden or and we are heading
home sad times guys it's been a very
long day I think I've exhausted my
travel buddy
just got back to some prank Chris my
feet are sore oh my goodness guys we
just got back to the flat I've got my
PJs on I am so tired but I had the best
day ever it was so much fun I'm just so
excited I'm gonna go to bed now mom's
making some tea and I just want to say a
big thank you to you guys for watching
and a big THANK YOU sleight and free for
sponsoring this video and sending us to
Paris we had the best day and it's so
fun especially because I am 6 months
pregnant and obviously you can I have a
baby soon so it's really nice to
actually go on a special trip with my
mom and just spend some time and go on a
little adventure because you never know
next time we're gonna be able to do
something like this so it was really
cool I'm gonna get some sleep now and
I'll see you guys very soon bye
