good morning from Chicago guys I just
got out the gym we've just done 6:30
a.m. circuits feeling very good about
that and I'm facetiming Mike right now
look it's pink
can you stroke her oh hi guys I miss you
uh what that's Wade's got a ball yeah Oh
squid where's Ricky ah and you I miss
you guys it's breakfast time we've gone
all out guys we've got a mega spread we
worked it off in the gym so we deserve
it scrambled eggs coffee I got the chia
pudding as well which is amazing and
Lauren's got to wake up Ricardo two eggs
and avocado on toast so good so Lauren
and I are on our way to get our nails
done because let's face it this
situation is not good right now the gel
actually came off my thumb a few days
ago and then I've repainted over the top
of gels
and if you guys can see but there's all
sorts of stuff going on we're making a
little pit stop as well at the girl and
go bakery because we came here yesterday
and all of the bakers look so good as we
are
Lauren had that yesterday so it's
strawberry though it's not cinnamon oh
no I don't know about strawberry coffee
can wait but they have blackberry coffee
cake chocolate cherry pistachio all
sorts of yummy stuff so we just popped
into this little juice place called Owen
and alchemy that Lauren was like
desperate to go to because she loves the
juices and we did buy a couple of things
they have the most amazing juices and
they put like salt in them and they just
oh my god they're so good and this
little doggy I don't know if you can see
her she's called Lord isn't she cute she
was the most beautiful husky ever so he
just popped into that if you are based
in Chicago I'd recommend going and
checking it out girl who said she was
awesome so we are now wandering around
beautiful Lincoln Park area so we're
doing it guys I'm having my first ever
heat supply when in Chicago you got to
do it I've been twice before and we have
never done it we got pepperoni and
jalapeno so I just got a blow dry before
the events and ice my hair is looking
nice I feel so glammed up today except
my nails done blow dry and I'm ready I'm
actually really really excited about
tonight I think it's gonna go really
well I've had so many nice comments from
you guys about it and the goody bags are
amazing as well Lauren's actually gone
now to help set up what I'm going back
to the hotel to do my makeup and put my
outfit on and get ready super exciting
and I'm so excited the sun's come out
again for the last few days have been
rainy and Chicago we're not so lucky on
the first few days we were here it was
super super nice and sunny and then it
got a bit rainy and miserable so the Sun
is back out feeling good very excited so
I've just gotten ready for my event and
I wanted to show you my outfit before I
leave I am wearing head-to-toe Topshop
because it's also a Topshop event I've
got this black kind of cold shoulder
roughly top that I absolutely love she's
really really simple and comfortable and
I like the length of the sleeves as well
really like that and then I also have
this necklace on which is like the gold
circle quite simple but quite statement
at the same time quite big
and then I have on these wide leg
trousers which are a really pretty kind
of dusty pink color and they're a little
bit longer on me than I think they're
probably meant to be because I'm quite
short but I quite like them because it
just means that you see a little peak of
my shoes which are these like multi
buckle shoes I absolutely love these
I've had these for a few weeks actually
my toes are like a sparkly pink color
and they go with my trousers so I'm very
happy about that and that is what the
outfit looks like altogether I was
actually going to tuck this in but this
material I think I don't know if it
looks a bit funny tucked in so I'm gonna
wait until I get there and see what I
think but that is my outfit oh we go
guys so here we are gardeners I am on
Michigan Avenue and it's Topshop a
little bit nervous
I hope there's some nice people here so
you remember I was choosing all of the
things from the shop yesterday this is
where they've ended up on the little
Shelby yeah I'm slightly obsessed with
these sunglasses and I have these on
right now on my hand here which is
holding my phone I love these as well so
nice and these ones I have already if
you guys have seen them then my face and
then out here guys we've got my editor
stuff on the lightbox which is really
really cool and basically this is all
the other stuff that we were choosing
yesterday all my favorite things from
Topshop so exciting swing tags on
everything how amazing is this guys and
their rose gold and they say I love and
this is everything we picked yesterday
so there's there's actually kind of a
lot of stuff there are these amazing
jeans slightly obsessed with these this
white jumper which I actually got
yesterday because I love it so much
Karthi jacket they do this like jump a
shirt combo thing that looks like my
Sandra one that it's really expensive
but it's not so doesn't stop shop they
have my shirt but I already have it love
this my another jacket look at this guys
is all they have cocktails from my book
and my book on here my separation they
have flowers in them oh so nice serious
bowl of gin and tonic down there as well
mm-hmm they have like braid ball going
on and there's another picture of me
this is so cool guys look at this
there's an illustration here called
Christine and she's drawing pictures of
some of the guests and she's done this
with my outfit that might be the other
day on my blog with so cool
so it is the next morning now actually
didn't vlog off the event last night
because my camera had run out of battery
and we went and grabbed dinner we were
all so tired but I had the best time I'm
now super super sweaty I've just gone
back from the gym but I wanted to show
you guys nice really nice I wanted to
show you guys a few things that I got
from last night because I've just been
opening them all and I'm just so touched
by everything so first of all they had
these amazing illustrations being done
by an awesome illustrator called
Christine Steiner and I think I showed
this to you in a vlog last night but I
just I'm so I just love this I'm so in
love with it it'll take a look so cute
and then I got lots of cards and stuff I
got this awesome
illustrated card as well and this one
was from I don't know how da divani
anyway but I love the card and then
there's another couple of cards from
Martha one for me and one for Mike and
then these were actually hanging on the
on like my favorite pieces around the
shop so I stole one because I thought it
was so cool I'm just gonna hang it in my
wardrobe and have flood force love's
yeah that's me cuz I'm sad like that and
I got this super super cute card I think
this is from Maria yeah who had just
moved from Spain and she'd arrived from
Spain's that day and come straight to
the event she's like dropped her bags
off in her hotel and come to the event
and she's doing a semester studying in
Chicago so cool and I love this card
saying don't worry Long Legs it was so
last year I just loved that and then
Geneva gave me these chocolates from
Canada which I haven't opened yet but I
might save those for the airplane and
how cool her name is Geneva as well I
met such lovely girls last night and so
many people had really unusual names
there was a girl called spring as well
really cool and then somebody else
brought me the champagne bears from
sugarfina which we actually opened these
last night off together and had a few
and they're so good but she didn't leave
a note with it so I can't remember her
name but thank you to the girl who
bought me the champagne bears these way
like a tart and seriously I'm gonna take
these on the plane with me and I mean
negate all the good work I've been doing
in the gym for the past few days that's
for sure and
I think these were from ma this was from
Martha as well with those cards which is
like her manatee how cool is this is a
manatee that goes in your tea it's like
a tea diffuser I actually could really
use a new tea diffuser my one is really
annoying at the moment it keeps letting
bits of tea out which is super annoying
so that is a little sneak peek into what
I got last night and then I also I'm
gonna drink my green juice that I got
yesterday hooray give it a shake so guys
we're on our way to our final lunch in
Chicago and we're going to a place that
so many of you guys have recommend it
it's called au cheval apparently does
the best burger in the whole of the US
I'm not entirely sure
I'm whether it's gonna live up but loss
is very skeptic we like our burgers so
well we will see we've had to put our
name down on an hour and a half waiting
list now I'm gonna go and eat this crazy
famous burger we'll see going so I saw
one of these on the next table I was
like I have to try one cuz Bloody Mary's
on my favorite drink ever this is an
extra spicy look at the pickles and the
olive and the chilies Oh pickle down you
have it here it is guys and all its
glory potentially the best burger ever
we will see
I genuinely think it might be the best
burger it's really good the problem is
there are so many factors for
determining the best burger and like how
hungry you are the time of day
so guys I've made it back to London and
I am NOT gonna lie I did have a look
with a nap this afternoon but I have
come over to my sister's house it's her
birthday today
happy birthday Hannah's currently in
between renting out her house so there's
absolutely no furniture so sitting on
the floor having some Prosecco
we're going out for dinner as well we're
not just gonna sit on the floor all
night but that's gonna be it for my
little Chicago vlog I made it back
actually Mike is here as well I feel
like you guys might want to say hi to
him smack right salt vinegar not
Walker's anymore obviously see you later
