hi guys we're in the car right now it's
Sunday night and I had a delightful
meeting Mike and I have just been for
our anniversary meal to Nando stylish
place for an anniversary so it's Sunday
night I am off to the station because
I'm heading into London tonight I hate
to go to Chicago really really really
early tomorrow morning so what's
happening it's raining it's all good so
what the hell is going on I don't even
know it's gonna be cereal I forgot to
vlog what I got you
University I know because I was too busy
packing I had like three hours at home
to pack so Mike anniversary present is
three years so the three year thing to
buy through anniversaries is leather so
Mike bought me a doormat with it's
actually really cool because it has
little piglets on it but yeah and he
also got me a candle that was leather
and Kashmir
so I said on the tin good points and
then I got Mike a leather hold all for
his travels or his non travels because
I'm traveling you're not yes
mom what's happening going to London and
they're going to Chicago so I'm
right now it is bright and early I had a
5:00 a.m. wake up this morning but how
she ended up getting here super early
and I've got Mike's birthday present I'm
not gonna show you what it is because
you might watch this video but I'm
waiting for my friend Lauren who's
coming with me on this trip she is she's
been in a few videos for so you guys
might remember her but she also works
the top so triple T's or my top shop
event in Chicago so she is coming with
her yeah just been listening to
babymetal on my headphones hanging out
hello guys we have landed in Chicago and
I really look quite rough so I apologize
to that but we've just checked into our
room and it's amazing we're staying in
Soho House in Chicago and I want to do a
quick room tour because Lauren and I
literally just walked in and we were
like this is basically the nicest room
ever and I want to live here you
mentally in this Lobby hiding just like
look there's like a ton of poop in the
bathroom
look at this okay guys I'm gonna give
you the full tour it's amazing here's
the front door so you walk in and you
have a little coat hook there a little
stool with some of our bags and then you
have this amazing wardrobe so it's
antique wardrobe and you come into the
room and you know this is Lauren's just
moved it and basically and then you've
got this little vanity area here which
looks so cool look at the floor as well
there's obviously one of the most items
I've ever stayed in it's gorgeous
and then look at this I feel like this
is so cool and old fashioned they even
have like a perfume bottle a spray
perfume bottle and an old fashioned I
feel like this is actually not an
old-fashioned radio because it has an
aux cable and you can just plug your
iPhone into it yeah we've got a TV we've
got all of our luggage these amazing
huge windows oh my god hello Chicago oh
yeah wait last time we were here is I
can hear it Lauren we good we went on
those little glass cube things on the
Skydeck actually blogged it I think if
you guys remember and then it has like
this concrete ceiling with this
beautiful chandelier beautiful and then
this is the bed I'm obsessed exactly
what I want for home I mean hello
instead of having like oh yeah that's
cool phone yeah that's my tables I like
my dream bedside tables there's this
gorgeous four poster bed
so for look at the rug just everything
about this room makes me want to move in
so cool
and then the bathroom
just a whole nother level of
gorgeousness look at this I'm seriously
in love with these sinks I just want to
move in forever and it's big enough I
can live just you know like living here
the dogs could move in it would be great
so yeah and then we've got the perfect
there's a bath a giant bath and even the
towel racks are cool and then there's a
shower in here which I haven't actually
looked at yet but it looks amazing oh my
God look at all the different smells of
cowshed stuff they literally have every
single every single one I also only just
spotted this guy's look at the tea and
coffee this is a whole nother level of
amazingness so like all of this stuff
where we came from England as well you
know feels really English oh look
there's an espresso machine
we made cocktails oh they're probably 5
million pounds per one brownie that's so
that's so cool teeny Oh
apart from the fact that martinis and
old fashions on my least favorite
what is it Negroni that's like it's
Campari's it's all very no no I don't
quite like I quite like Campari oh my
god they said relax you love it we need
to make some really sexy cocktails and
spritz ourself with this perfume why is
it on the cocktail laws why is this on
the kodkod your name what ah that was
very overexcited what
this can't be perfume because why would
it be with the cocktail stuff would you
recommend realist bitters yeah yeah in a
spray bottle I'm sort of okay I'm gonna
lick it
yeah is it for the cocktail oh it is
good job we didn't spray that all over
ourselves so we did the workout feeling
good for it mission accomplished the
lighting is a little bit crazy but we've
come out for dinner
a girl got all girl and the goat which a
lot of you guys recommended so we're
here we're sitting outside actually
warmer outside than it is inside of
course and quickly prisoners we've
demolished the cornbread already and
that is it was really good sitting on
the street look how pretty it is so many
lights tonight so it's our second day
here in Chicago about to head out for
lunch which has been working this
morning by the pool and I thought it
will show you a little bit of an outfit
for today this is what I'm wearing I
have these wide leg trousers on which I
really like that actually really really
comfy although I'm feeling a bit bloated
today it's not a good look but yeah this
is what I'm wearing it's all from
Topshop basically easy one and easy
outfit the day has stripes on the side
too
so we are now walking the streets of
Chicago it's an absolutely beautiful day
we are walking to a place called the
Hampton social which apparently a set up
like you're in the Hamptons which sounds
super cool I'm gonna go and eat like
lobster rolls and crab chowder and stuff
and pretend were in the house and we're
actually in Chicago we the second photos
for the blah
her life so I didn't vlog my lunch but
we've just been for another gym session
so I have been the worst vlog at these
last two days because I've just been
forgetting and feeling jet-lagged we've
just done Lawrence I've seen the
curtains we've just done butts and guts
which is the same as bums and tongues in
the UK they call it bum some terms here
they call it butts and guts and what was
the other one
absent ass a synapse yeah either way you
tummy and your bum and I'm feeling a bit
tired now Laura just announced that
she's doing burpees in the room because
she doesn't quite feel satisfied I'm
just gonna sit on the sofa so we're
ready for dinner now I'm actually back
in the same outfit but we are drinking
what looks like yin and tonic actually
water because we are hydrating this I
wish it was weekend out within a minute
we're gonna have a drink upstairs we're
staying in so her house so you can't
really vlog in the public areas because
you're not allowed to like take pictures
and stuff and they yeah Lauren got told
off in the gym for taking photo listen
to the fun-loving criminals haven't
listened to them in a long time and I
forgot how much I love them and yeah
chillin I feel very chill it's all done
so we've come to place called Moors for
dinner and the first thing we've ordered
is there's a vegetable salad which
actually looks a lot like vegetable
salad that I love to get in electric
house in London it's so yummy
we're looks yummy I haven't tried this
one yet but the other ones I've tried
have been really good and I don't know
if you can see any fancy line it's very
dark yeah you can see you blow late
lightens up it's got light behind you
but yeah this is what it looks like
lots of chandeliers
and it makes me really really really
want garlic butter love garlic so much
we've also ordered gin and tonic and
both me and Lauren have American gin I
think it was it's in Georgia's which
Americans aren't known for their turn
and as English before they yeah I think
I'm gonna say two English in from now on
being very like stopping my British food
being gentle sorry guys English people
did get better so we're not bread going
on right now we have bone marrow and
steak tartare and this is this exactly
amazing it's like creamed corn so yummy
so guys I've been a terrible vlogger and
I've been here there and everywhere
vlogging but we're now in Topshop me and
Lauren are going around the store
picking out things for my edit for
tomorrow
the event is tomorrow night so we're
basically picking out all of the things
I love from the shop and we're gonna put
them on a display we've got mannequins
so exciting look at all this I would
like all of the things that I like in
Topshop so we finished in Topshop I'm so
excited for tomorrow there's so much
cool stuff going one of those like my
name is where I'm going to show you in
tomorrow's vlog but yeah I'm really
excited about it I'm now on my way up to
welcome Body Works to see if they have
the autumn candles out yet and if they
do I think I might be getting some to
take home I also need to go through our
secret because I've run out of pants
problem is real we've been working out
like at least once a day we actually did
two classes today so I've been getting
through more underwear and I had
anticipated when I was packing so
supporter behind me I've just seen so
there we go yes yes yes fingers crossed
guys do they have the autumn stuff yet
so we just got back to the room it's
actually turned into such a beautiful
day look at it outside it's so nice it
was miserable and rainy when we woke up
this morning so that is very exciting we
also did a little bit of damage when
shopping so there may be a haul coming
up for you guys very soon I'm gonna
leave it there for today because I'm
gonna see you guys tomorrow for the
event which I'm super excited about I
think it's gonna be really good I've
actually met quite a few subscribers
today around like shopping and in the
shopping center and everything so Amanda
who is the manager of Sephora in Chicago
she was so nice and I actually met her
last time I was here as well
and I didn't recognize her because she's
dyed her hair blonde from red but a man
if you're watching this hello and you're
awesome and I had such a good time as
for today and I'm a for a few things so
watch out flat halt and I'll see you
tomorrow bye guys
