good morning guys so today I am vlogging
my day cuz I've got an exciting day
ahead to start off with I'm in my
running gear mike is actually here in
London here he is limbering up and we've
got another special little visitor in
London as well Tiki is here she's
refusing to eat her she's refusing to
eat it on the wood floor so she has to
eat it in the bedroom it's a bit of a
message because these guys when they
come to stay make all sorts of mess so
we're going on a couple's run with the
dog how cheesy can you get for a
Thursday morning yeah let's see how we
get on I'm not going to hit my camera
running because it's heavy and big and
I'll get really annoyed with it but
we'll see you at the end when we're nice
and sweaty
so piglet enjoyed the run I think she
thinks that now every time we go for a
walk we should run it I'm now a little
bit late I just had a security guy visit
flat about putting a new front door in
because my front door at the moment is
basically like 50/50 every time you try
and get into the flat whether you
actually know to be able to get in
because the key is a little bit sketchy
so I'm getting a new front door I'm now
heading off to Liberty's though because
I have an appointment at the Maria Tash
piercing studio which I am excited about
I'm going to get another piercing today
in here which I'm actually really
nervous about because it looks painful
but it looks so pretty I'm gonna get
like a tiny little ring here we'll see
where we get to I'm a bit nervous
because I've heard that it really really
hurts I basically got like no makeup on
because I've been in such a hurry this
morning but Piggy's coming with me
because they let doggies into liberties
I think we're gonna go and meet Gareth
err because he works just around the
corner he said he'd come and hold Piggy
whilst I get my ear pierced how do you
feel about that pig would you like a new
piercing maybe not so we're in the taxi
is feeling a little nervous she does not
like taxis but it's better than going on
a true piggy I think you would freak out
on the June hey she's also like snorting
on my jacket a little bit thanks Pig so
we're here this is where we're going Pig
are you ready for the piercing so it's a
little bit late and our guys actually
went straight to my meeting and didn't
vlog in between getting my piercing
because I was a little bit late but I
wanted to show you I loved it so much
and if you guys can see because the
lighting is crazy let me try this so
yeah I don't want to touch it cuz really
sore actually really hurt as well but I
got a little rose gold hoop in it with
diamonds and I love it so much so yeah I
definitely would recommend going and
checking out the Maria Tash piercing
studio in liberties because the jewelry
they have is stunning I also got a
little earring for my tragus well which
is like a tiny little star it's actually
my wallets I'm going to show you guys
later because I am now back in a taxi
with piglet and she does not like any
moving around she's like no mummy and we
don't like that I'm now on my way to
Kings Cross station because I'm going up
to York to visit Lisi today I'm really
excited about because Mona have been up
to visit her once in York so I'm going
up just for the night and I got some
editing still the Train and I need to
get you some water than I pinkies we're
going to stop off in Kings Cross get
figures in water get our train tickets
and go so I've just arrived at Lizzie's
house and she's currently tidying her
living room so it doesn't look messy in
the background as long i watch this so
yeah we've arrived in Europe I didn't
vlog on the train because I spent half
of the journey being harassed by a crazy
drunk man which was actually really
awkward he basically wouldn't leave
piglet alone and piggy was sat on my lap
and he was like stroking piglet and like
trying to kiss piglet and I'm like dude
get off my lap like this is really
inappropriate and awkward and he was
just really drunken slurring and like
falling over into everybody and he just
kept coming back to me we're leaving
these two to make best friends okay guys
say things they don't like not get on
but they're not best buddies and we kind
of want them to be best buddies ticket
Ali's like I
never going to be best friends laughs
yes so you two have fun
make sure you use this poof piggy if
you're going to jump off the sofa yes
make good choices guys make good choices
and we will see you later we're going
for drinks you want to come so we've
made our way to a bar we've got a bottle
of Prosecco cheers my love again we just
cheers but we're going to do on camera
as well and I also just had just a boob
shot of us and we have all the snacks
basically there's some really tasty what
is it
it's Hendersons which is like what
sholde sauce but all yours
Oh Yorkshire what's the sauce tasty mmm
really good
then we've got sweet chilli online yeah
and these like fried bean things that
are really salty and good yes Thursday
here we are
so we're going into a little pub called
the judges lodging tongue teaser right
there it's a hotel it's so nice I'm not
doubt ready Lucky's on camera looks
amazing
definitely tongue to you though because
judges blushing yes so let me and I have
come out to a French restaurant called
rusty in your we've decided to go it's
credibly friend basically on Stefan's
and we have gone there very very French
les he's got a mojito which is not so
French but a little more carrion snails
snails and sugar lots of garlic
but garlic butter makes everything
better we've decided and frogs legs okay
I've never had frog's legs before in my
life
we're going to do it French thing even
when it's in France and I mean like this
pretty bad this could be bad guys but
that's William lash caring so video haha
you want to try I thought they were
going to look a lot more green okay say
Oh me that's definitely a frog's leg is
a little froggy fine yes try it
apparently as I like chicken blood
chicken delicious all they've got like
bacon and onion oh gosh apparently it is
lush Lizzie always say that says lush
and we always say the Mickey Alba we've
got all the muscles right now and we're
having a bit of a DMC capture focus
together
the DMC use when cantering a little
watching because everybody know what DMC
means I like the focus is a little bout
how many deep meaningful conversation if
you don't know anyway got got
muscle to write this he's got red wine I
don't have a drink of water there we go
we are we are and then I'm going to take
this e home okay and they would have
make her watch stranger things
I'm already scary I know these are not
these alien something quite scary and I
do not want them there is love and
comedy as range of things as well as
aliens at death I'm Julius so I'm
currently cleaning the ear which is
pretty gross is actually a little bit of
dried blood in there somewhere but it
doesn't feel too bad actually it's not
nearly as bad as my tragus wasn't my
goal at first I felt like it's quite
protected by their sounds like eat its
heart it's it's difficult sorry
not easy difficult to knock and like
pull out whereas the tragus one gets
stuck in your hair all the time
so I'm just yeah disinfecting that with
my kitchen roll like they told me to you
every single ps4 I go to you gives me
different instructions on how to clean
your piercing which is really
frustrating so when I was a kid they
were like oh you need to twist it once a
day and then like spray it with
disinfectant and then with this one they
told me to use a cotton bud with
disinfectant this one they always use
kitchen roll not a cotton bud because
the cotton bud might get like particles
stuck in the hole so who knows I'm just
doing what they tell me to different
every time but also Pig looks like
piglets like me is moaning a being
stroke which is very excited ty is
literally like a teddy bear look at this
dog she's so happy
we're putting on stranger things and
this is
watch the first episode Virgilia she's a
bit concerned about how scary it might
be yeah I think she's going to enjoy it
though I think it's gonna be good
I'm confident I'm confident so I may or
may not fall asleep watching stranger
things
I don't think Lisi loved it as much as I
did which is sad times but I do have
this little monkey in bed with me I
don't know what would he do in you
finding a comfy spot Oh Pig how much do
we miss Mike right now a lot
she's like I'm mama gave you those beady
eyes
you miserable one thing but yeah I'm
gonna go to bed now I'll see you guys
morning we've got adventures in York so
yes I think I'm gonna do this vlog as
one as well which is finishing off the
blog and then I was like hey look
tomorrow see you in the morning so me
and Peggy are doing some embed editing
right now she's lashing things out
you're so fluffy pig you have any
stretch do you sleep well little monkey
we're walking on the river in your guys
how beautiful is this such a nice day
and Lizzie's just pointed out that there
is an ice cream bar yes baby it was he
called the ice-cream boat the full moon
I feel like it is about midday oh they
have really good flavors yeah okay they
have a cow on top so cool
thank you thank you I obviously got my
ear bit yesterday and I arrived at
Lissa's and so I check I went missing
at that point she announces she wants to
get piercings - so we're on our way
when Browns and York do they usually do
here busy in here they definitely won't
do in the in the BG bit but she's gonna
get Christmas so whilst
lessees camera appears I'm just kind of
with Justin she's hanging out in class I
have many flares in like 15 years and
you can get your ears pierced now with
all of these like crazy oh I'm actually
getting my little pony yes pretty much
else
Susan and so fluffy oh I just spotted
these and suggested to Lissy that we get
some as friendship necklaces she just
said she she wouldn't wear them who do
this I'm so horrible what a bit I also
suggested this one and got shot down sad
times so we're sitting on the river in
the sunshine I just drank an apple ah
spits I finished it and we've caught
some delicious snacks
I've got watermelon feta salad which is
probably one of my favorite things ever
some calamari sweet potato fries which
is a good shout only path and I think
miss Scott is this like a lamb flatbread
Oh delicious there's a little water
ferry game park having a road trip down
south to my house with Lucy driving
Destiny's Child on the radio
so I didn't finish my vlog last night
because we got home and totally crashed
out and had some Chinese but Mike and I
are now off to have a fabulous oh we can
do the countryside were actually not
going anywhere I was staying at home but
just having a choke and together we'll
see you guys very soon I'm not sure why
no maxi vlogging but I have some
exciting stuff coming probably one time
this week and then next week I'm
actually going to Chicago which I'm so
excited about Mike isn't coming sadly
sad times at times but if you guys are
based in Chicago I'm doing a meet-up so
I'll put a link to the info below if you
want to come and say hello
whenever you know the 25th pizza I hope
you know what I've been to Chicago like
three times I've never had Chicago pizza
you haven't either
no but I've eaten for like a day well I
didn't really strike to fry this time
getting to rectify it and have some
pizza one in there so recommendations
for Pete's or in Chicago is one thing
and also comes in hello I meet up on the
25th it's a chop shop and we're gonna
have a good time see you later guys
