good morning from Leeds everyone today
is the day of our last and final book
signing which is kind of sad but kind of
exciting because we do get to go home
and have tomorrow at home chilling out
we have just been for breakfast without
checking out I'm going to meet some
peeps and Leeds a bit late they checked
us out of our hotel at 12:00 which is
like the checkout time with Mike because
he's got to drive home a man frowning
here Cheers winner France been super
amazing has been organizing everything
and we are in a pop-up gin shop how cool
is it is it like in the middle of the
shopping centre and they've got all
these amazing gins look at this mine's
got strawberry orange and it's made of
rhubarb gin and peppercorns yes it is
Saturday afternoon and we're hitting the
generly
so we're home from Leeds and we've just
been opening some of the gifts from the
past two days and the doggies have been
super duper lucky as well as me I've had
so many lovely things from you guys but
a really special subscriber called Karen
who we actually met at last year's book
signings hi Karen if you're watching
bought the dogs some toys and they look
like this
they're squeakers and I don't know which
one is for who I have a feeling I'm
gonna do the bird for squidgy the turtle
for piglet and the shark for treacle do
you think that's a good by the way let's
see what they think
this guy versus creakin he Oh
treacle outside thinking she Donna W
squidge is like I want them all oh oh
she's gone I think it might be a bit big
for thanks you like a big great big for
yes he's not sure
Oh drinkin
oh yeah it all just take them straight
outside Pig so ungrateful of squeaky's
what's wrong with you piggy the whole
pools a bit big for you is squidge gonna
steal it you've taken it into your bed
no it's mine nobody else's piggy you
spoiled little monkey this is what
happens within five seconds of my gravy
pandemonium there's some serious
coloring going on isn't lu lu
who's this blank blaze oh that ah so
he's meant to be read we don't have any
rent oh so we've done him pink are you
happy with him which we does anymore
he's more what color paint more pink she
did it was a really good song what did
you teach it to her so we've got to take
away going on tonight and I have got
tandoori king prawn wish my favorite
thing in the whole world and its
enormous tonight there's one two three
four five giant prawns and loads of
onions and salads my favorite thing to
get from the Indian very so we're back
home on the sofa I'm halfway through
taking my makeup off Mike here is
working and I've been with you all week
so don't five minutes we're gonna watch
stranger things guys I'm gonna finish it
off tonight we've got three more
episodes gonna take all the way through
I'm pretty sure you're not already
watching it you need to so Jenny so good
like it's the best thing I've seen on
any kind of in a long time mininum a
long time and this little one is chillin
pigby chillin
bv p chillin none of this meow meow look
screech is like don't steal my toy
squidgy I don't think she's trying to
steal your squeaky toy she loved me is
it yours
squidge I think she like
Oh Trudy what do you do somewhere I
don't know Oh Treecko we'll have to go
find it tomorrow okay Oh bye kitty cat
bye squeege by TWiki
bye pig say see you soon
good see you soon guys
