good morning everyone today Mike and I
are back in the car on this magical
theme a book tour we're on our way to
Manchester Manchester is one of my
favourite cities also where Mike is from
originally well in there Manchester
stemming up north and everyone is
actually noir that gets really touchy
when I say the Manchester is north
because there's actually not very
enormous I mean it's like just northern
Midlands it's north compared to where
we're from so we're heading off we're
going Mike and his hashtags so yeah
that's where we go today and I'm excited
going to be doing a signing in the
Arndale Centre and I may be able to
convince Mike to do some shopping
afterwards yes yes yes so guys have been
in the car for about an hour an hour and
I was like can we stop for a Starbucks
if there is one on the motorway there's
only a freakin drive-through one this is
brilliant so drama I don't know I want
Claire the tall hot chocolate with no
cream please no thank you
okay no no thank you
no can I get a tall soy chai tea latte
with a shot of coffee in it yeah thank
you
I'm weird and I like dirty Chai's what
are you guys thinking about dirty tries
you don't want dirty chai is it straight
latte with a shot of coffee in it I also
get soy milk in my chai tea latte
because it tastes so good
yeah I'm weird so we've arrived in
Manchester and we're in the belly of the
Arndale Centre right now look at this
guy's they have the biggest
it is the Batcave if they have the
biggest like network of roads underneath
the island it would be very fun I hope
we're in the right place
we arrived in Manchester's realize I'd
forgotten my clothes Hey so being found
and now doing like a supermarket sweep
I'm trying to find an outfit ultimate
fail Mike says it wasn't his fault and I
didn't ask him to put the bag of clothes
in the car but we're not gonna fight
about it but if he says he didn't go
he's lying cause he did pink pink wishes
use here as they have a carpet and not
wooden floors she would be ruling the
roost I'm also in trouble because when
we have arrived
had supposedly told me that I was
specifically clothes in the back of the
car turns out I didn't do that so now
I'm in trouble
stealth the Topshop not though first
complaining we have arrived in Leeds and
we have checked into our hotel there's
Mike's legs we're sitting the wrong way
around to each other he's there and I'm
here but we had such a good signing in
Manchester I feel like it was the best
one today
I was almost so friendly and it was just
a really good vibe cookies not watch the
cricket it's in lead I think so yeah
well there we go
should I do a little room tour for
everybody of our Leeds means quite a lot
it's not very big it's actually really
funny shape it's like triangular so
here's the door where you come in I'm
going to walk up to it and turn around
and this is the room it's a weird like
triangular shape the bed is here Mike
said bumbling around getting his laptop
out and this is what you can see out the
window should we have a look at Leeds
oh hello Leeds there it is actually not
about good evening Leeds some road work
is going on down there and another hotel
across the road very interesting there's
a cupboard in here it's got a minibar
it's got all sorts of snacks in there
what what's in it is it just a cupboard
I'm mining board and a cupboard looks
like they have some good snacks I'm
actually quite hungry and then Mike's
making some tea all the lemon coke
biscuit trying to be good you can have
those and then here is the bathroom and
the bath and that is it for the room
tour it's not a very long room tour got
some peppermint tea you're brewing and
we're gonna go find a place for some
tasty snacks
yeah I'm looking you know hungry yeah I
didn't have very much that doesn't mean
you you ate too much at lunch I'm hungry
yeah nope this place I've tweeted asking
people always a good place to eat at
least cuz I feel like I don't know
anywhere so we've come to get
dinner in the Trinity Center which is
actually the shopping center that
signing is a tomorrow that's all going
up there se lo Blanca we have to go up
again I don't know how to get up how
cool is it in here look at the roof you
see the clouds through it it's very cool
I like it I'm going to show you there's
a giant the course like floating in the
air we're trying to work out how to get
up there and feeling a little bit so our
first round of dinner has arrived we've
got some starters and then we've got
pork tacos and fish tacos and apparently
this is homemade hot sauce that I'm all
about the hot sauce someone looks hungry
ah the laptop just dropped so Mike and I
are in bed right now and we were
watching the first episode of stranger
things on Netflix and it's really good
it's actually really similar to super 8
I don't know if it's like a bit inspired
by super 8
but it's really freaky and good and
alien II and has that kind of boys young
boys being friends like to make you ask
yes stand by me so I'm very excited at
all this looks scary for so I'm gonna
finish my vlog here it's probably gonna
be quite a short one today I feel like I
haven't blogged too much but I hope you
guys have enjoyed err we had such a good
time at mansion of the signing went
really really well and there were so
many nice people there today I loved it
and I'm really looking forward to leads
tomorrow the last one and I'm hoping
it's gonna be the best so see you guys
in the morning
