good morning guys and welcome to The
Adventures of Mike and flower in the car
because I'm terrible at finishing bugs
because I always fall asleep so today
we're going to build Keynes which is not
too far away so we have too much of a
drive piglet is going to be like his
biggest last against the last guest
appearance and she's pretty stressed
because I'm only holding it with one arm
because I'm vlogging so better make it
quick had a bit of a stressful morning
normally I would start earlier than this
but it is officially book launch day
today it's the 28th of July the book is
officially out in shops woohoo it's in
water stones WH Smith Tesco and aster
like the bigger ones for sell books and
on Amazon however we've had with a
problem with Amazon and that is why I'm
sorry today's vlog late because we've
had a bit of a stressful morning been
getting messages from a lot of you guys
saying that your book delivery days have
been pushed back to the 10th of August
that's like two weeks away I'm really
not happy I don't know what's going on
we're trying to get to the bottom of it
by the end of this vlog you should have
a resolution but hopefully we'll get it
sorted out but it has been a bit
stressful it's put a bit of a dampener
on the morning because obviously like
I'm super excited that you guys have
even thought about pre-ordering this
purpose so awesome and your support is
awesome and then to have it like oh wait
you're not gonna get it till like the
8th of August that's crazy so I mean my
said that 10 to the 16 did it in later
and you were like the king in like a
week before
yeah so I'm really upset by that but
we're hoping that we can resolve it and
you guys will get your books ASAP and
thank you for being awesome and waiting
and messaging me and saying help what do
I do because otherwise I wouldn't know
it was happening so we're working on it
our publishers are freaking out so we
just thought our way into Milton Keynes
we actually just stopped in at some of
our friends house that live in Mill
Kings and saw there a minute ago which
was really nice piglet has spent the
last half an hour being cuddled and
given water and kissed and chased around
the garden by Annabelle who is - she's
actually really good with kids like
she's not she doesn't get like
aggressive or anything but she's a
little bit scared for sushi because
she's so small she's like oh like if
anyone starts to chase that she's like
what a lock she's like help me help me
comes and sits on my feet so yeah but
she's okay she's now in the footwell
because I realized she has left a couple
of little marks on my white shirt from
creeping onto me for dear life when I
wake here so we are now heading to MKE
for book signing number four these are
going so quick guess where this week is
like flying past and we had an update
from the publishers about the problem
with Amazon apparently it was an issue
with some kind of automatic like
technical system that's basically got
wrong on different systems on delivery
dates so we're trying to resolve this
now and if you have pre-ordered I'm sure
so if you have pre-ordered your book
then you should get it on Saturday so
hopefully that's better than like the
10th of August or the 9th Lucas or
whatever it was saying but I'm still
really gutted about it to be honest
because if you guys pre-ordered it you
should be the first to get it so I'm so
sorry about that it's literally totally
out of my hands but we are working
together to you as soon as possible
here we go guys signing number four
thank you you'll be ok the Milton Keynes
signing is done it went so well guys I
feel like the store staff among teens
were so lovely as well they just made
the whole day so nice this little one
was very well behaved
except for deciding halfway through that
she wanted to bark at an 11 month old
baby like aggressively but she was just
like who are you what are you doing but
asbury my size but we had such a good
time Fran from headliners in the back as
well we're heading to get some lunch
Fran if you're wondering looks after all
of the signing kind of stuff and all the
payoff my books she's awesome so give
him some love she also worked on the
second book as well so I feel like this
is bit nostalgic going on tour again and
I also wanted to show you this which
such a lovely girl called Christie gave
me I'm trying to like turn it the right
way around OHS I think it's gonna happen
I'm gonna have to do that an initial for
each of the dogs I think it's the cutest
thing ever so thank you so much this is
my favorite thing from today by Amy we
were at a book signing today she said to
just to ring the bell when we got out
yes thank you
Mike trying to wangle his way out of the
car park without having to pay it works
love it why are we gonna go for lunch I
missed out on what you do oh there he
goes again I'm heading to either turtle
baby the only issue with outside is its
rainin would go somewhere outside
because they don't let Peggy inside I'm
pretty sure I can park where I can see
piggy yeah and then we can leave her in
the car because it's not too hot food
time so we're in banana tree guys and I
got a chicken salad
Mike got prawn Pad Thai and slightly
jealous because those phones look really
good I also have a raw juice has
slightly more healthy than a coke but
yeah Mike is currently having a fight
with Treecko because he's trying to
bridge the knots out of areas and she's
running away she hates it so much
thicker than the other dogs absolutely
love it but treacle is having none of it
she's like I just been doing some outfit
she well me and Mike Mike's been filming
I've been doing triples escaped again
I've been doing some outfit shots
outside in our garden and I wanted to
show you a little sneak peek of my
shorts because I love them so much today
look at these guys they're like little
collage shorts from Zara and they have
stars on them I love them so much they
make me very happy I've gone for all
monochrome today loving it
we're heading over to my mom's for
dinner
which I'm really excited about because
we saw my meal a day for coffee but I
already hung out with her and dad in a
one way and I feel like they were up
they've been away stop doing someone
thinks he's cool cuz he's got his
Carreras on which he stole from me they
actually do suit you I'm just taking
naina knows why don't you but they won't
mind but they do seem like say five
let's let him steal them I think it's a
beautiful evening look at this guy's
wonderful blue skies which look like
grey right now cuz you can't actually
see them coming funny but that is there
are there is our bird our bear so are
you talking my teeth I been using Crest
Whitestrips a lot of you been asking
actually have I whitened my teeth yes I
have I use Crest Whitestrips about once
every two years to whiten everything up
so they are nice and white I've got like
two left
Mike's mentally widening his T's because
others actually got a false front to
show your teeth Mike he's got a false
front teeth from when he how old were
you nice from when I was a zombie I
broke it well we went out I probably be
like yeah so the football and which like
seals the death blow to loosen teeth and
then they've got football on the facing
dog
yeah so basically he's got a fake front
tooth which he had to have replace
recently so now the fake front tooth is
really white and he needs to whiten the
rest of his teeth but he's being a wimp
and saying that it makes his teeth
sensitive and he does I'm not doing I'm
sorry I like my mouth been normal please
just gonna have your one priority
yeah it's just like a bright to pyro too
but recently it will dull down in time
and you'll be like speed bump again but
yeah so basically that is the story
behind the teeth whitening if anyone's
wondering I'm thinking loads of
questions about my piercing as well yes
it's new if you missed that video and
they only got really nicely actually
I've been cleaning them twice a day and
being very good they're still a little
bit sensitive it's been nearly like two
weeks I think it's been two weeks
exactly actually and so they're okay but
I'd still like to know though it is the
thing obviously I knew men have this as
well you sleep standard but Wyatt and
nearly probably like a tenth of girls
have piercings of some sort where
probably I'd say like 30% blokes have a
busy yeah 30% will be hired anything I
mean that was a real stab in the dark
spare the moment you know it's a weird
cultural thing isn't the girls have
piercings and boys don't have so many I
also quite want to get here piss on this
side how do you feel about that
do whatever you want your ears I wanted
to actually do that guys what do you
think like there I mean you say do your
thing you know everyone's telling me at
the signings they like my short hair
yeah I can just keep having my hair
short right fine yet what do you guys
think about getting getting better
what about if you got like a space in
the top you do what they're doing the
top settle oh good
I don't you can do it in cartilage don't
be silly you can do like scaffolding
from where there I'm here with mum she's
gotten her new jumper on that she's very
proud of her finding in Zara for five
pounds I like it got a few holes in it
they mum and mum cooked up a delicious
piece this evening of a salad which
looks like it has eggs
oh is it mozzarella mozzarella potato
green beans red beans kidney beans it's
got some like pearl barley in there and
rocket and tomatoes looks really
delicious
and then she's cooked pork on the
barbecue which is like herb encrusted I
just tried to bet it tastes delicious
you know there's one thing we're missing
hot sauce once again because I'm a
terrible vlogger I did not finish my
blog last night and fell asleep I'm
getting ready to go up north right now
so if you guys want to see what we get
up to Manchester needs then make sure
you come back tomorrow I hope you all
have a great day and I'll see you then
bye
