good morning guys serving today Mike and
I are in the bathroom together because
crazy times we get accredited on
Birmingham for book signing and because
this is the ones coming with us
she's having a bath or a shower are you
not piggy-wig she does not look very
fresh to us she doesn't like this floor
very much do you but she's quite stinky
and I don't think people want to meet
you when you stinky pig and you can't
hide under my skirts they won't find me
under here come on Vicki you gotta have
a bath sometime stinky dog Oh piggy you
get in the shower
she's so unimpressed you do look very
cute when you're wet paper so on the
road and I'm not gonna lie having a bit
of a stressful morning because not only
is it raining especially not running
that badly anymore but we were trying to
shoot an outfit picture outside and it
was chucking it down with rain we then
go into the car and the traffic there's
like a bit of crash on the m6 so we're
having to take an alternative route so
I'm worried that we're gonna be late
and now the fuel lights come on the car
as well
piglet is still wet because she's got
such thick fur her ears haven't dried
yet so she smells like wet dog have her
on a towel and they've been like howling
her down trying to dry her off a little
bit so she doesn't stink but all in all
today I have many breakfast either well
maybe you can get some kind of a smokey
eye can see the bullring guys I think
we're gonna make it just in time this is
the latest we've been to a book signing
I think we're arriving like 10 minutes
before it starts I'm not a fan of it
it's been a little bit stressful picking
it's a little bit stressed she's so soft
though I love it when we give her a bath
she literally turns into like silky
silky smooth fluff ball although every
time I stroke her I don't know if you
guys can see but there's like it's a
fluff coming off her yourself fluffy
I've also got a spot pretty much cut my
nose it's like in here and it is the
most saw thing in the whole world I've
had them like in my nose before I know
everyone's here but these things happen
I'm gonna talk about them I've had one
in my nose before and they're really
sore right right and but this one is
like on the tips as I'm swollen red yeah
yes the same it's really solo anyway and
I keep a bespoke concealer on it because
I keep rubbing it by accident
so pig is having a great time on the
loading Road she thinks she is
queen of the road the sun's actually
come out so we're gonna try and go and
find somewhere to eat outside because
obviously piglet isn't allowed into most
restaurants the signee went really well
so nice I met lots of lovely people and
I actually got some character which is a
very very gonna open them I have
actually had a little peek in the top
and there are some sausage dog items in
there so I will show you guys what they
are later very exciting so we're
grabbing some lunch sitting in bills I
have got the kale salad with chicken on
top ah she looks really good it's got
nuts on it too and seeds and piggy is I
don't know where she's heading off to
pig we go in she was sitting back here
but she's got a water bowl big enough to
swim in it's actually pretty hot as well
it stopped raining
Mike's got some bacon chips got some
flowers in a teapot I love bills and I
really like it it's good I'm gonna eat
this now I'm gonna cover it in Tabasco
as well cuz I've got the biggest bottle
of Tabasco in the world I love it when
they bring these I want to go to like a
wholesalers and actually buy one of
these for home it would be good we're on
our way back to the car and piglets got
really cocky and is now leading the way
with her pink colour so I wanted to show
you my two favorite things that lovely
subscribers gave me today at the signing
the first one is this set of socks from
hailey and they've got sausages and
there's actually three sets there's one
with a big sausage there's one with
little sausages and then there's one
with hearts and then sausages on the
ankles so cute she also wrote me a
really really lovely letter that
actually made me a bit tearful as well
so thank you so much Hayley for that and
then another subscriber Joe gave me this
which is actually her book so she tweets
me all the time I didn't realize she was
actually a best-selling author and she's
written this book called the trouble
wood goats and sheep and she's written a
little note in the front as well and she
also wrote me a card so that was really
cool and those two things totally made
my day so thank you girls I love it I'm
trying to edit yesterday's vlog right
now and I thought the worst hiccups I
cannot stop lying on the sofa like stop
it's so annoying busted starting to film
you
I was just feeling lucky you guys look
at Peters lower face Mike's doing some
work squidge has got a coat on over here
she's not she still can
she's very limber what are we gonna do
with you little one the socks gonna have
to go back on if you keep licking the
holes
hey little cut paws but she does have
her matching pink collar two piglets one
on because it's very girly and she likes
it
squidge is actually a really weird dog
and she loves having collars on that
anything that's like attention on her
she loves it except for the cone so I am
just uploading yesterday's vlog to my
vlog channel and whilst I'm uploading it
I am watching a couple of YouTube videos
and I discovered a new person that I
like to watch on YouTube a couple of
months ago and I've been following her
for a while and I realized I haven't
actually mentioned to you guys that I
follow her and I wanted to mention it
because it's so hard to find my new
youtubers now that I love to watch and I
found one and I really like her she's
called chaste Amy and she looks like
this my camera will focus here are her
videos she does loads of videos on like
luxury handbags and things like that
it's like a guilty pleasure watch for me
she's like Chanel like this and that and
like top favorite bags all that kind of
stuff and I love handbags so I really
like her videos and I also realized
recently she's been doing some more
personal ones as well like with her
boyfriend and let me see
yeah like closet tour things like that I
love yes oh I really like how you guys
should definitely check her out so we
just got back from dinner with Mike's
family who we haven't seen in ages it
was really nice to catch up with them I
shaved because I feel like things we've
just been so busy recently their weave
me lampshade heads doing in the
background oh squidgy you're right under
there you're right in there she's so
sweet
yeah the last few months have just been
so busy we haven't really had the chance
to catch up with Mike's family so it's
really nice to go out for dinner with
them and we're now back I'm in my PJs
and I've got this little one snuggling
here squidge is a plane detective about
the fact that there are dog treats in
that bag although squidgy I'm afraid we
lampshade head you're not gonna be able
to fit your head in one of those bags
sadly she would give her one we've got
some dog treats early earlier this is
what she's smelling that way you can
smell
oh is it would you like one you know
what these are so wrong
has anyone ever given their dog one of
these bacon things before because they
actually smell and look like real bacon
they like smell pretty take it from me
stay stay there we go we tried to give
piggy one of these earlier and she
wouldn't eat it when we were in
Birmingham so I feel like she probably
well now because the other dogs one of
them let me give treacle one piggy
you're not having a whole one because
it's like the size of you gonna break a
bit off and give it to you it's what you
get yummy yeah she's like oh no so
what's gonna steal it and I also have a
giant bottle of water because I'm
feeling very dehydrated did you snap all
that already squidge yes he's now called
already did you was it delicious she
looks so cute today you do you're so
pretty squidge you're so pretty so I
never finished my vlog last night
because I fell asleep on the sofa I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog we are off
to Milton Keynes today we are several
teams so join us in tomorrow's vlog to
see what we're gonna do don't
we've had comments about this by the way
apparently it's really cringey I find it
cringing
I feel like you do it on purpose to make
it fringy you do realize it's like a
ninety thing stuck in his ways stuck in
his ways piglets having a right man
because I'm not cuddling her so I better
go see you tomorrow's vlog lots of
