morning guys and welcome back so I'm
halfway through doing my makeup and I
thought I would start my vlog slash
finish yesterday's long if you watch
that one I'm actually really happy with
my hair today I don't know what I did
differently but I basically I got it
blow-dried yesterday was he so I didn't
haven't washed it but I just read it
with my tongs and I'm really happy with
it I'm liking it half and redoing the
makeup I'm packing as well as like a lot
of meth down there and Mike is cooking
for breakfast this is amazing having you
here cuz you'll never normally do this
but it's not amazing because you don't
have the correct okay so I just got told
off because the kitchen in the flat is
pretty small like in terms of cupboard
space and Mike was just like totally
bamboozled by the fact that I don't have
a pan I don't have a pot or a pan I do
have my own tray so we're doing walked
all the way to supermarket and got eggs
so we're doing baked eggs I think this
is a good idea Mike I think I'm supposed
to be healthy eating and Mike's buttered
a cross on for me as well which really
would you yeah it's definitely apple
juice because it's not orange obviously
someone needs to wake up wake up so yeah
the flat is looking really bright and
breezy this morning it's such a
beautiful day outside and I'm gonna show
you what I've got on my fats basically
I'm creating a mess here so what am I
wearing today I'm wearing the Guerlain
para gold foundation which is beautiful
very expensive
I actually got given this and it's it
was like half a shade too dark but now
I've got a tan it's the perfect shade so
I'm wearing that it's really nice I'm
wearing this Marc Jacobs highlighter
which I haven't used before this is in
spotlight and it's like I really the
packaging is kind of awkward and clunky
but it's a really nice consistency it's
like cream I basically just stuck my
finger in it I wouldn't like to draw
this on my face I feel like you'd create
a crazy stripes I've got that on I
actually don't have any of that girl and
bronzer on it and put that on in the end
I've got my Lancome Sonia Rykiel blusher
and this color is actually really nice
but in the name of it ain't got the
number but
whoo nice like a orange ikana color got
this collection contour stick on which
has potential to be very good its first
time I've used it again so making my
mind up about that that's the boss go on
in my Lancome eyeliner which I really
like I'm pretty happy with my eyeliner
today can you see if it'll focus I like
it I love this eyeliner so much some
brushes clay to PO concealer this I
actually opened up and didn't use
because it's been sitting in the flat
for ages
it's L'Oreal super liner velvet black or
black velvet look at this I didn't even
know like how would you use this
it's got like a fuzzy paddle as the nib
very interesting the lid on and the next
wing got one hand got my benefit brow
pencil my lorac pro 3 not too as I was
calling it before it's the three and I'm
wearing like two colors from that so I'm
basically wearing the oh three colours
say canvas and Blanc mixed together and
then I'm also wearing amethyst a little
bit and then I also have on the gel in
my brows as well I'm about to put my
flow love's lashes on because they are
my faves for kind of daytime wear and
the signee today is at 1 o'clock so I
think we have about half an hour for
need sleep so I'm gonna get ready check
this out I'm pretty impressed with your
egg making skills considering we had no
egg making tools someone is a chef
extraordinaire I've just finished my
makeup and I wanted to tell you guys
about the lip combo that I have on
because I'm slightly obsessed with it
basically it is one of the colour-pop
ultra matte lip I don't actually know
the color clueless that's it awesome
name love clueless on a side note I
think Lunas is 20 years old this year
how crazy sir so I am controversial in
the sense I don't really like matte
lipstick in this form like the liquid
matte I know everyone loves them they're
too dry for me so I put this on and I
really like the color and then I put on
my current favorite lipstick which I
just dropped that one on the floor this
is Yvonne she's beige carica character
and it is the most perfect nude and the
consistency of this lipstick is like a
balm as well so it's just so nice and I
put them all together and I love it
good combo on the side now I also
really hate my nails like they broke
this morning but I hate this color you
know when you paint your nails in a
color and you're like just no but you
don't have time to repaint them maybe
I'll do it in the car
I'm not a fan of this color at all so we
have arrived in the really super sexy
backstage area at WH Smith a Bluewater
Mike's got his cupcakes sign a number
two so we've just bought some treats for
the people in the queue this is the
nutty cupcake box they from lonas
cupcakes look at this one it's got air
rushing on it this is the not so fun non
nuts box but you know whatever floats
your boat look at the mini Oreo
hello guys so we have just driven back
from blue water and I've put my pajamas
immediately on because I am just feeling
like chilling out that I was hitting
this evening it's actually nearly 7 that
Mike yes Mike it's actually nearly 7
o'clock right now Mike is outside with
the dog especially that was piglet just
running through so apparently she wasn't
outside she was inside
she's now outside and I wanted to show
you guys this delivery I just got from
Clipper who are one of my favorite tea
brands check this out I'm so excited to
try these and I feel like I'm at such an
old granny so there's karma chameleon ha
ha there's the pun which is caramel
honey bush and cinnamon there's double
mint and caramel which is skinny mini
minty and then flowerpower elderflower
hibiscus and lime flower and there's
skinny vanilla which is strawberry
vanilla and that's a strawberry vanilla
and then happy mondays lemon ginger and
cracked black pepper how crazy do you
sound and they send me a personalized
mug so I am happy tea lady I don't know
which one to try first
I might go I don't know it's between the
double mint and caramel because that
sounds really really good but then also
this kind of intrigues me because of the
cracked black pepper
I think I'm gonna do the mint they look
so pretty don't they in the same place a
little tray as well tea tray cute
thanks clipper have you been outside in
the bushes Mike you've got snow all over
your back
this one is cooking he's inspecting
quinoa very closely because it's the
first time he's cooked quinoa and this
is Mike's portion for me because he's
done chips and I wanted to be a bit more
healthy and it's very thoughtful of you
actually because you didn't even ask me
you just knew you just knew that I like
quinoa in you but you wouldn't want
chips
case you're the best husband in the
world well some would say well I think
you got the portion control a little bit
too strict Mike and I have just sat down
to watch was it Scouts versus zombies
yeah something like that
some hilarious zombie film it's actually
quite funny like it looks terrible but
it is actually quite funny so far
I've just gotten Piggy's collar house
sim cuz she's coming to Birmingham and
Milton Keynes for the next couple of
days on the signings and I wanted to
check that this collar still fits and
look at her she's like what cuz how cute
this is the calf kissing collar that
piggy got I think around Christmas but I
think it was too big for her at the time
and it actually fitted squidge so just
wanna have a little look if that's all
right with you piggy she's not
cooperating right now see if it fits cuz
you look really smart in it oh yes yes
yes piggy it's actually a little bit big
it's on the tightest setting right now
and it's got quite a lot of excess going
on but if we turn it around the back
like that I think it looks nice piggy a
little pink on you do you like it you
never wear collars dee little one Oh
piggy piggy this one's sleeping position
right now is very funny
are you grumpy pig huh are you grumpy
what's going on there you silly sausage
it's bed time guys
they think they come into bed with us
treacle is it bedtime come on lazybones
come on
he's bedtime little one you can't sleep
on the sofa no I know you want to come
up come on Ruby come on you are so
stubborn
Vicki you trying to be cute so I'm just
about to take my makeup off and get
ready for bed but before I go to bed I
want to tell you about this book that
I'm reading because it's really really
good I'm still reading this which I
started when I was in holidays by Sarah
Hilary and it's called someone else's
skin it actually came out last year so I
think it's been quite successful already
but I'm about halfway through and it's
so good and I'm so bad at making time to
read when I'm at home I just kind of run
out of time but I always love to read on
holiday and I used to love to read so
much when I was younger I used to get
through like a book a day but I got
about halfway through and I'm really
really enjoying it if you guys like
murder-mystery kind of crime thrillers I
think you would like it and yeah I'm
gonna try and read a bit for I go to bed
my gosh she gets a bit annoyed when I
read in bed because
I turned the light on and then he'll go
to sleep and then he hates having like a
light on when he's asleep like turn that
light off I'm trying to sleep
but yeah so high I'm gonna try and get a
chapter or two in before he comes
upstairs because he's just doing the
dogs I will see you guys in the morning
for Birmingham I'm excited I can't wait
for piggy to meet people because she's
such a sociable little butterfly she's
gonna love it
I'll see you guys in the morning and I
hope you guys have a great day
