good morning guys and welcome back so
I'm a little bit late starting today's
daily vlog it is half past ten today is
the first time I've been back since our
holiday we got back at about 11 o'clock
last night I had the best time like
honestly the best time and I really just
kind of switched off I scheduled a lot
of content to go live when I was there
actually like three or four videos but I
think four videos but I actually just
totally chilled out we don't have
internet at my parents place in Portugal
so it was just a total internet detox
for me and we had it was me and Mike and
then eight of our friends over the week
so a lot of people like came and went
and like replace each other in their
bedrooms if he'd that make sense we had
like a couple of friends come out for
three days a couple of friends come out
for four days and chop and change but it
was so so nice they had the best time
but I am back and today is the first day
of my book signings I'm excited and
nervous at the same time the first one
to know he's actually in Selfridges it
is half past ten I went for a run this
morning I ran over to my mom's and I
hadn't run in so long I had I like
walked quite a lot of it hence I'm in a
little bit of a hurry because it took me
longer than it would have done if I'd
have run the whole thing but I made it I
did it and I feel good for it because I
seriously ate so much this last week I
drank so much wine ate so much ice cream
that I am eating healthily and trying to
work out and then over the next month
probably just to try and get everything
back into top shape tip-top shape not
that I was in tip-top shape before to be
honest because I had been out of my
exercise kind of regime for a while I
tend to like drop like chop and change
when it comes to exercise if I get
really busy I kind of lose the momentum
so that is what's happening anyways I'm
heading off to London in about 15
minutes to go and pick up my dress
tonight which I'm really excited about
and then I'm gonna go and get my hair
and makeup done actually just washed my
hair because I put an oil treatment in
it yesterday and end up looking so
breezy as I can't even go to London with
her this greasy looked outrageous so I
just washed it blow-dried it I'm
actually really really hot
then put a little bit of makeup on but
I'm gonna get my hair and makeup done in
Selfridges before the signing I'm
getting my hair done at Daniel Galvin
which they do amazing blow-dry so I'm
really excited about that and then I
think maca doing my makeup again which
they did they've done for a couple of
events and yeah I'm always super happy
with it so that's what's happening
poor little squidgy is in the wars again
are you not switcheroo have you got that
hello of shame on little Scooby we had a
friend house-sitting when we were away
and last time we went away squidgy cut
her paw this time she's cut up other
poor so she's got a sock on it so that
she can't lick it and this because she's
been licking the other foot which isn't
cut because she can't lick that one and
then it's making that one sore as well
so she's got the sock and the pillow of
shame and she's not very happy about it
but she's looking cute and then piggy
wigs over here as well with the kitty
cats hello baby piggy is actually not
coming to all of the book signings this
time because WH Smith and not letting
country and are they pig oh no it's cuz
you smell it's cuz you smell oh how rude
no she's coming to Birmingham and Milton
Keynes which actually works out really
well because she doesn't like the car
too much like she doesn't really like
long journeys so we're gonna take her to
the two closest ones
so that is piggy and then I think
trickles over here having a little
snooze II snooze hello bum bum bum she's
like leave me alone I'm sleeping
Oh spotty dog I made it to London as per
usual I have my suitcase with me so I
always always always with me I'm always
on the go
Houston is looking particularly stinky
today I'm on my way to pick up my dress
yay so I made it to London guys and
there's a disaster of clothing going on
in my bedroom but I've picked out some
stuff to wear for this week and I've
picked out my outfit for tonight I
thought I was gonna wear a dress but I'm
actually going with some trousers which
is very unlike me I'm actually gonna do
a lookbook video at one Instagram so I'm
not going to show you in this video but
you'll kind of be able to see anyway
because I'm going to be rocking wearing
it but I'm off to get my hair done now
which is in dire need of doing something
to it cuz it's a little bit crazy so I
have arrived
first off with Daniel gammon and then
I'm going to Mack my makeup I have my
clothes and my little bag and I improve
we they don't get to crease but we will
see you
mike is also on his way to London maybe
a little bit lately I think you're
getting here at 5:00 and it's hard free
now so much she's so nervous
so I've just had my hair and makeup done
feel thoroughly spoiled and I'm in my
outfit which like I said it's gonna be
in a look book so you guys will have to
come and check that out if you want to
see the whole thing and the queue is
outside I mean the secret VIP shopping
section of Selfridges which I never knew
existed and it's amazing and yeah Mike
is on his way as well he's a little bit
late and I'm feeling so nervous
apparently there are some people there
so there's a lot of people that ready
which I'm happy about but yeah I felt
like the first day of the tour is always
the most nerve-wracking because you just
don't really know what to expect and I
hope people are going to like the book
this is the first time people have
properly seen it and I'll be able to
talk to people about it so feeling
nervous let's do this guy's
I just finished my signing it went so
well and just because it's in central
London some of my friends also turned
out up to the sign a iris is here this
is my friend Vic people been in my blogs
I don't think so he normally lives in
Dubai so we're very lucky to have work
with us today I'm Gareth and Mike is
driving we have such a good time
iris actually turned up as the last
person in the queue I major friend
points yeah she got in the queue I love
it
we're going to dinner now at a place
called Pacha mama which i think is
Peruvian I'm so hungry I've had one of
those days where you just don't really
eat very much and then you realize you
haven't eaten very much at the end of
the day and you're about to choose
someone's arm off because you're so
hungry so lovely but yeah that was so
cool honestly like a total dream come
true being able to your book signing in
my favorite shop I loved it so we are in
a restaurant we're joined by this one
he's been hanging out
the food here is so delicious we
actually it's kind of annoying because
it comes in really small batches and
we've eaten a couple already but this is
sea bream ceviche and what is this
slow-cooked beef short rib this is
grilled octopus with I think it's with
quinoa as well and then this one is a
different kind of quinoa with fish
always have the traditional Peruvian
dish of a poached egg and asparagus
guess who ordered that so there is some
intense lighting going on right now I
feel like we just put this one you just
press that button so we just got back
from dinner and we did a little activity
that we have been doing every day when
we were on holiday and I want to tell
you guys about it because I think it's
really awesome like it's a really fun
thing to do with your friends but also
something that's really cool to like
reflect on your day or your week or
whatever you want to do it for basically
at the end of each day when we were on
holiday when we were sitting around the
table at dinner we each picked our high
of the day and our low of the day
and most of the time when we're on
holiday it was pretty basic because it
would be like my high of the day has
been you know playing cricket in the
pool or like finishing my book and minor
of the day was losing whatever so it was
pretty casual but if you do it in
everyday life it's actually really
awesome because it kind of makes you
realize like what to be thankful for
that's the right person it might yeah
Mike Springer Sat Nav postcode
estimation we got the Fosters route and
it's just a really nice thing to do
either like with your family or with
your friends or with the other half like
whatever you want to do I would
recommend it and it's really fun and we
also take bets on how much the bill is
going to be if we're out at a restaurant
as well which is very childish but fun
the high-low thing I would recommend
giving it a go yourselves it's really
fun
we are back or on our way back to the
flat right now how is it in it
it's delicious I had the best dinner
ever it was so so not ever in the world
like it was really good I was
exaggerating when I said the best ever
I know you like it with holes the
excitement never happens you have the
best of a meal I feel like that was up
there with my top 40 meals ever and
that's saying something
give me a week three times seven eat 21
Mills week there's only two weeks worth
of meals top 40 because I thought I
might on 40 I think it was in mine I
think you want to turn right here
she'll be content one in red I'm a
terrible Frogger and I didn't finish my
vlog last night because I got back got
into that bed and fell asleep
pretty much instantaneously if you want
to find out what Mike is cooking for
breakfast then come back tomorrow I'm
gonna be vlogging every day on this tour
so come back for the good breakfast
stuff and I will see you then good bye
