hey guys so it's about 7:30 right now
and I literally have just gotten out
shower looking super sexy I'm in London
this morning I got back from Mykonos
last night at about half 11 which was
awesome but today I'm heading to sign a
lot of copies of my new book for the
pre-order - WH Smith and I'm feeling
really tired because I think I've had
like six hours sleep for the last four
nights so it's just like 1 less than I
would normally get but it's like had a
bit of a knock-on effect I sound like
really hoarse
I'm going to get ready and head off to
the headline offices which my publishers
to sign a lot of books let's do this
guy's I think it's actually really nice
day I'm hoping I haven't opened accounts
yeah but it looks bright bright but a
bit grey to be honest so yeah no blue
skies here today it also just lit this
candle because it smells so good and I
wanted to tell you about it it's
actually not I feel like it doesn't
actually say anything on it but does is
Montreux but it is there let's try not
to drop this it's they're delicious
rhubarb and rose 1 and it smells so good
also I'm looking for something to listen
to I use Apple music not Spotify which I
think may be an error but I haven't had
a chance to switch around yet first so
first of all do you guys use Spotify do
you like Spotify is it better than Apple
music and also if you got any album
recommendations for me because I keep
listening to Alessia Cara and Hull C and
I feel like I've been obsessed with them
for like four months
I need some new music in my life and I
haven't found any that I like more so
yeah recommendations please if you guys
have any so I'm wearing pretty minimal
make-up today where I'm going to because
I'm about to put it on I've got my
Chanel vitami aqua foundation my Lancome
concealer Estee edit mascara which
actually really good as like
double-ended this blush which is Mac's
tenderly now discontinued apparently sad
times Marc Jacobs brow Wow pencil in ash
brown and then I have my gel my Rimmel
and clear gel we wore brown eyeliner and
then this Milani lipstick which I'm not
sure if I like because it's a bit
shimmery this is in the color 27 it's
called Dolce caramel oh and
it looks like that it's a little bit
shimmery I think I've actually really
like the color of it just not the level
of shimmer I'm having some kind of crazy
potential breakout situation on my chin
that started on the plane last night and
you know and you're like how comfy
Lycoming completely coming so I'm not
wearing too much makeup today so yes
let's do this
and that's my makeup for the day that
was really loud I merely just sounded
working a time to go and sign some books
let's do this
on a sidenote my makeup draw in London
is a mess agency ish don't tell anyone
I am struggling to do an outfit the day
today because I have washed bed sheets
drying this is my drying system I have
this rack which is drying the
pillowcases and will be drying the
towels but the sheets are too big so
this is my drying system and it's in the
way of my mirror so I'm hoping you guys
can see across the table today I have on
my new look striped tie share turned
around to show you as well looks like
this and I also have on my current
Elliot ripped boyfriend jeans which are
my fav for chilling out being casual do
how many shoes Anya I'm actually gonna
wear my move or new ish espadrilles and
which we'll show you in a second and I
have on why do all sunglasses which
loads of people have been asking about
these on my Instagram and where to find
them because apparently they're not on
the website I actually don't know
because I got given them from dear war
and I don't know like if they're
available yet but I will try and find
out for you these are the shoes that I'm
putting on these are my Penelope
Chilvers espadrilles which I really love
this super super computers on my knee
they're quite cute so I put those on
feeling very summery today and the Sun
has come out so it's gonna be a good one
yes that's what they look like I love
these I think they're so fun in summary
I've just arrived at the headline
offices and come into your room with
some wet books here's the first deck and
here are the others
there's gonna be a long morning all of
the lovely girls a headliner unpacking
and I mean yet signing this is crazy
stopping for a little bit of a coffee
break guys these are all the ones left
I'm feeling good about it because these
are the empty boxes they're going into
but we've just finished or distracted by
the snacks
we've just finished all of these and my
fingers hurt I always get the same
little sore spot my finger here I used
to get it when I did exams at school
every time and I've got it again first
time in a while because I never really
write anymore I'm always typing I feel
like that's probably pretty common out
most people type one day right right but
we're doing it we're nearly there there
you go guys the last one done deliver my
hand really has yeah
I'm just finished signing so exciting as
she took me four hours I'm now in OP to
Circus I'm on my way to Topshop I want
to get another PSA in my ear and I have
half an hour see if I can do it or a
third queue or whatever so fingers
crossed I decided yesterday that I
wanted and I was like you know what you
know guys I'm terrible I didn't vlog
after I went into Topshop because I then
ended up being late for my next meeting
and have just got on the most pack train
with so much luggage but I got my
piercings done dah dah dah
I actually got to in one go I think I
need to get a smaller stud for this here
which I had these two already and then I
got this one and this one Mike doesn't
like them I've wanted them for years and
I had a realization when I was in Greece
I was like you know what Yolo
I hate that thing but really Yolo you
only live one once and also yoghurt okay
I won't see you I just say you only live
once wanted if ages Mike got his hair
cut and we ended up having a fight on
the phone again it does actually
nice I was like no don't cut it again
and he was like where I can do what I
want a psycho and you know what I'm
gonna do what I want I'm gonna get my
ears pierced again why it was like oh
here we go I think I said that's
absolutely fine you can do what you want
because I'll never tell you what to do
yeah yeah yeah missus yeah yeah so we
are on our way to get some fuel right
now and then we're gonna get sexy you're
gonna get sort of like nose piercings er
tattoo I quietly like here I want to get
more tattoos this year but I've been
planning that for ages you know about
that all right no but you gotta think of
some good to get tattooed I know I know
ones there forever I've got two tattoos
I want but I'm not gonna tell you what
they are guys cuz then it wouldn't be a
surprise when I actually did it I'm so
happy to be home I haven't seen Mike in
a few days on a way we're gonna get some
lunch on lunch some dinner dinner on the
way home because we have no food in the
house got a packed porch cooks we've got
a wedding tomorrow I feel like I look so
shiny my minimal make-up is non-existent
makeup right now I'm gonna fill up the
car we're in M&S on the hunt for dinner
what do you fancy I guess some snacks
I've got loose what if you got to do at
home
the lawns to mow what do you want
actually quickly
I want to get some great not there just
in general are you up to
beragon I'm not I am definitely not
cooking anything I'm getting my salad I
feel so much they when I get home I'm
like are we having separate meals
well you can get a salad
we'll see I'm gonna go get some fruit
the Capri this wine looks it makes me
want it just on the label then I go for
these ones yeah this is definitely a new
addition to MLS I'm weird and I know it
but what cause I like my favorite thing
ever look what I found look it's new
what are you getting poisoned up I'm so
far I've got cockles and grape anyway
that's tasty supper also going for a
Greek salad because I missed Greece
already but I'm gonna get some extra
olives because there's like two in there
and a sauna
here come the fluffy Bambino we go hey
guys yeah are you sighted come on let's
go put the stuff inside out and have our
proper cuddles yes oh I've missed you my
little furball I have are you the cutest
are you the number one cutest oh no I
think squidge is the cutest yeah who's
cuter you're squidge what about treacle
oh my goodness hey baby hey hey hey guys
you know what is also exciting guys
because we're heading on holiday first
thing on Sunday and we're away all of
tomorrow I get to open my birthday
presents no because we're going to be
away forever
hey so Mike said I can open them now
I've only got three here I've got ones
from Mike's mom my sister and Mike's
other sister can I open them haha the
parking situation is real guys it is a
mess in here and I've got to try and fit
it all I've actually got two bags my
first bag this has got all of my
toiletries in it
Portugal packing and my mom's here as
well
being awesome she was bought me a
birthday present you want to see it yeah
show them I'm just got with the coolest
birthday present ever
for the spare room I'm getting old now
you see and it's getting to the point
where I like house things instead of
clothes and stuff for my birthday look
at this guys it's in the wrong place at
the moment because we're going to move a
bit of furniture for it how cool is this
little chair it's an antique chair and
then it's called this awesome polka dot
fabric on it mum found it at an auction
and it's so cool
so we're going to put it in that corner
where that chest is and then put the
chest in this corner because there's a
bit more space in that corner but I
think it's really cool very excited
about that
so I'm getting into bed right now and
I'm gonna call it a night here I've
actually got my kick my chin is covered
in spot stickers I'm having like a
massive break out my chin right now
those we got one there which is not
really a major spot but I don't know
what's going on with my chin at the
moment but it seems to be not very happy
I'm gonna go to bed mike has uncommon
playing I'm gonna go to bed to Ron
Burgundy that's gonna be a night guys I
hope you guys have a great day I hope
you supposed to stay on overnight and I
wake up with no spots you never know
I'll see you all very soon and don't
forget subscribe if you're not already
and I hope you guys are having a nice
day bye
