hey guys so today's video is going to be
my 6 month pregnancy essentials video
and I didn't know whether to put this
video on this channel on my main channel
but I decided on this channel because
I've been putting a lot of my kind of
pregnancy and baby updates on this
channel so I thought it might be nice to
put it on here but if you're not already
following my main channel I am putting
some baby stuff like hauls and stuff on
that channel so I'm kind of splitting
the pregnancy updates between the two
but I'm going to be doing my six-month
essentials like I said today I've
watched so many of these videos since I
found out I was pregnant I've watched so
many of these like pregnancy essentials
newborn essentials I've just found them
really useful so I thought I would do
one this is the first one that I've done
I didn't do like a three month one
because nothing really changed that much
in the first three months or at least I
didn't feel like I could say like these
are my kind of essentials or whatever in
the first three months whereas now I
feel like there are certain things that
I know have helped me out so much
throughout pregnancy whether it's
clothing bits whether it's medical stuff
or body stuff or books or apps so today
I'm going to talk you through my six
month pregnancy essentials so the first
thing are my prenatal vitamins and these
are the primary care Mac's ones I am
working with primary care in this video
and I wanted to do a little bit of a
verbal disclaimer obviously there's
always the disclaimer in the title and
the copy underneath the video and stuff
but I was so excited when pregnant
Carrie reached out to me to work with me
because I've been taking these since
write the beginning my pregnancy when I
found out was pregnant I asked my sister
what pills she took what she would
recommend which ones and she recommended
these which are the max ones so you take
two of the kind of vitamin pills and
then one of the Amika three pills a day
since three pills a day and she
recommended them to me and then when I
had my blood test results back when I
was first pregnant I had like exemplary
results so they're obviously working for
me
they contain everything you need like
when you're pregnant obviously everybody
knows about folic acid and things like
that but these have calcium which is the
difference between the max ones and they
also have the Omega 3 pill daily which
helps with brain and eye development
calcium milk helps bone development and
then they have everything else you could
possibly need during pregnancy so
no I am eating well and trying to have
lots of kind of vitamins and goodness
and good nutrition in my diet obviously
I still want to take prenatal vitamins I
think most people do but these are the
ones that came most highly recommended
to me and ones that my doctor says as
well we're good when I told her they
were the ones that I was taking when I
first went to see her she was like great
they're the best yes so they are my
prenatal vitamins and I'm now on what my
sixth pack of these that has gone so so
quickly in terms of beauty and body
products the one I feel like I've
switched around so much and I
recommended quite a few but the one that
I stand by the most and I really like is
the Palmers tummy butter for stretch
marks and I view it like I say I've used
lots of different oils and butters and I
like a lot of them but I don't notice
that much difference whereas this one I
feel like it's really indulgent and
really nice to use it's a really nice
kind of ritual to like massage into your
tummy and just connect with your baby
and all of that jazz but it's also like
a really nice consistency as you can
tell like I've used a lot of this stuff
it smells really good and yeah I feel
like it's nourishing my belly although I
am fully aware that stretch marks are
mainly genetic and therefore you can't
really control whether or not you get
them but we're all gonna try our way so
they're my Palmer's stretch mile stretch
mark body tummy butter that's what it's
called and then for books during
pregnancy I've got three favorite books
I've actually read about seven books I
think I've been geeking it up during
this pregnancy guys I've got three
favorites the first one is Christine
Hills pregnancy guide again this was a
recommendation from my sister who
actually knows Christine Hill personally
so she was recommended this book by her
she used to do antenatal classes on my
sister actually went to them and thought
they're amazing and that her advice was
really just no-nonsense and great and my
sister read the book as well and she
said it was the best pranky book that
she had I really really love this
because it's just so no-nonsense she's
very like realistic and it's no it's not
really I don't know she's just very like
cuts to the point and doesn't there's
not extra waffle in here that you don't
- no it's all really useful it's very
concise it's very easy to read there's a
shion's where you need illustrations and
I just find it really useful so I got
that on Amazon and then she's also got
another book which is Christine a piece
he'll a perfect start and this is it's
called all coping with the first month
of parenthood so obviously this is more
targeted for when the baby actually
arrives whereas the previous one is like
when you're pregnant however this does
cover quite a lot of things that you
need to know before the baby arrives so
how you need to prep for the baby and
things like that I haven't actually
finished this one or a third of the way
through but I'm really liking that for
the same reason it's just very concise I
really like both of these books because
they very much tell you how to do it as
opposed to how not to do it and they
don't feel kind of patronizing
at all whilst you're reading them
they're just very like matter of facts
and I like that and then the other
pregnancy book that I've really been
liking is the day to day pregnancy book
this is a hefty mofo of a book it is
definitely a coffee-table book because
it is super big and super heavy but I
really like this because I'm such a geek
like I said before I've had lots of
pregnancy books but I actually really
like the science II side of what is
going on inside my body and this is
really good because it has a page every
single day I have to say I don't
actually read a page a day I would say I
read this book every probably 10 days
and then go through and read like 10
pages because most of the time I kind of
forget but it has lots of like really
interesting like ultrasound images 4d
ultrasound images it has loads of
medical kind of like images and
information and things like that it's
just really interesting if you're
interested in the science 'part
pregnancy and want to know what is
actually going on then this is for you
if you don't want to know about that and
you want to know how to grow baby this
is probably not for you but I've really
enjoyed it and that again was from
Amazon in terms of more practical things
firstly my favorite maternity bra is the
one that actually put in a whole video
when I first found out I was pregnant
was the first one that I bought and it
is this one sexy this is from Emma Jane
and it's
maternity bra I have to say I now have
three of these I've got two black ones
and a nude one and I really like them
however this one is slightly different
to the other two because obviously their
maternity bra also nursing bra so you
can wear them when you're breastfeeding
this one has this wide strap underneath
the cup that clips back on and this one
is not as good shape wise as the one
that has a thin strap so the other one
that I have which I think it's in the
wash I can't find it
like I couldn't find it in this video
but it's basically a continuation of the
actual bra strap has a cathain strap
that one is better whereas this one kind
of makes your boobs a funny shape
because it's like only covers like half
the boob there anyway so this is
definitely the most comfortable
maternity bra that I've tried I've tried
a few and I would also recommend going
up a band size for these these are
actually sized in band sizes as opposed
to cup sizes because it obviously your
boobs change size all the time when
you're pregnant so this is a size 32 b2f
and my other one that I have is a size
34 b2f like I said the other one is my
favorite because it's more comfortable
I'm normally a 32 C just to give you
some context there so normally I would
get a 32 and this still fits it's fine I
can wear it but the 34 is more
comfortable and I would say fits better
so I would recommend going up a band
size in these because as you kind of
expand and get wider during your
pregnancy it will be more comfy but
overall these are super comfy and you
can buy them from ASOS and you can also
get them from Jojo my own baby but I
definitely think it's worth checking the
inside strap thing if you can in a shop
the other thing that I've been utterly
utterly obsessed with throughout my
pregnancy is the or are the Topshop Joni
jeans now I have two pairs of these I'm
wearing a pair and these are my other
pair they're basically the maternity
version of the Joni skinny like super
skinny super high-waisted jeans that you
get from Topshop just a pre warning for
anyone that is pregnant and looking to
buy maternity jeans Topshop maternity
jeans are the best that I've found yes
including the more expensive ones from
like Serafina cetera however
these ones are by far the best I also
have the Jamey's which almost look
identical they are pretty much identical
these except to these except they don't
have these don't have the pockets the
Jamey's fall down after every like two
steps
seriously they were okay when I was
early doors pregnant before I had a big
bump when I was kind of 14 weeks which
is about when I started wearing
maternity jeans but now they just fall
straight down they're so annoying these
are the only ones that stay up I do
still need to hide come up a little bit
but no more so than you do normal skinny
jeans like before you're pregnant so I
would a hundred percent recommend these
as you can see mine are pretty stretched
out because I wear them every single day
I have actually just washed these so
they're not I feel like I might need to
buy another pair before my pregnancy is
over because I am getting through them
super quickly because I wear them every
single day and I just alternate them
with the ones that I am wearing now they
are very very tight they fit like my
regular favorite skinny jeans which are
usually either the top shop Jamie's or I
also love the ASOS high waisted skinny
jeans anyway before I was pregnant I
don't know I'm gonna live after I'm
pregnant it'll probably change but they
fit like super super tight and I
remember when I first tried them on out
like 14 weeks thinking wow these are
tighter these actually gonna fit me when
I have a big bump and now yes they are
tight and I think maybe I have to I will
have to go up to a size 12 when my bump
gets really big but I don't mind that as
long as they stay staying up but I like
I say you can't really tell until after
that happens but for the moment these
have seen me through from three months
to six months and they're still fine
they are tight but they're fine
so yeah they are the best the number one
best maternity jeans that I've tried and
I've got quite a lot because I've been
sent lots of maternity clothes as well
and then other maternity things I love I
can't do this video without mentioning
this three piece from Alvida phrase I've
had this for a couple of weeks now and
I've been wearing it loads it's
basically kind of like home wear and
pajama kind of stuff but it's acceptable
to wear when people come round so my
theory is with this is that this is
going to be like my loungewear and my
pajamas for now but when the baby
arrives I'm happy to wear this in the
day when people come around and I don't
mind people seeing me in it I wouldn't
mind people see me on pajamas but
there's certain like like nursing
pajamas that are like night shirts with
button-down front that they're just not
I don't know they're not look like the
most kind of light presentable looking
things in the world whereas these I
wouldn't mind people seeing where these
seeing me in these at all it's basically
really really soft kind of silky Jersey
these obviously like high weight they've
got a little maternity band
there's the trousers there's a little
kind of tank top that has the crossover
front so you can breastfeed if you're
breastfeeding and also this is comfy if
you're not Brass obviously I'm not
breastfeeding it might be cousin of baby
yet but it's also fine for just wearing
as well if you're pregnant and then it
comes with a little matching cardigan as
well super cozy very pristine
presentable cardigan basically looks
like the one I'm wearing now so you
could wear it actually with your clothes
and equally could wear the top as a top
I wouldn't say you probably want to wear
the trackie bums like as trousers
because unless you I mean you might but
I would say they're very much like house
wear but the other two you could
definitely wear as clothes as well and
the whole set was 50 pounds which i
think is really good considering the
quality and then lastly for my pregnancy
essentials I wanted to talk about a
couple of apps that have become my
favorites i because i was making content
and i knew that I'm just going to move
my brows you can't see it whilst I'm
talking to you guys the whole time
that was embarrassing because I knew I
would be talking to you guys about
pregnancy and everything and obviously
like I wanted to find good apps anyway
just for my personal use I've downloaded
so many pregnancy apps and I've tried
out so many and my two favorites one of
them is the first one I downloaded and I
just I don't know if it's because I got
used to it and I really liked it but
it's pregnancy plus I really like this
because it's very easy to navigate it
tells you like how many days you are how
many weeks you are it has like a daily
information kind of like blog post which
is
really interesting sometimes there's not
that relevant for you like if it's
talking about I don't know something
like something you know about already
whatever it's not always relevant to
each one like for example today's one is
vaccinations for travel which I am NOT
planning on traveling anywhere far-flung
before the baby comes so that's not
relevant for me and then say it let's
look at what was yesterday's you are
older children so obviously not relevant
for me but some of them obviously are
really interesting they have a weekly
update with kind of physical
developments to you and your baby which
i find really interesting and that's one
of the things I wish they had daily
because I'm always like I want to know
what's happening now I need more
information they also have like a daily
blog which I tend to not read that much
but they have ultrasound images as well
so they have like a 2d scan example I'm
26 weeks at the moment and then they
have an image scan of like what your
baby currently kind of looks like and
then they also have these little kind of
illustrations of what your if you
chopped yourself in half what you would
look like on the inside so yeah that's
how big I'm in month seven at the moment
apparently but I am six months so
confusing this pregnancy stuff but yeah
look how big it is massive anyway and
then you can upload pictures of your
belly if you want to it's not something
I've been doing you can also like make
lists of baby names and they also do
that like the free thing like how big is
your baby this week my baby is currently
a papaya anyway so I recommend pregnancy
plus and then the other one I really
like is over here which is very similar
to be fair it kind of offers you the
same level of information but I like
having two because like I said I'm just
a bit of a geek and I like having extra
information for some reason this is not
loading I think it's because I don't
have Wi-Fi in this room which is very
frustrating so it's loaded and I like
this one because it shows you a couple
of different extra things as well as
information that you get from pregnancy
plus the first one I really like is the
hand print so they have like an actual
real life like real size baby hand print
on there and the pink one is how big
your baby's hand print is at the moment
and then the outline is how big on
average it will be when the baby comes
out so I really really like
that they also have the same thing for
the footprint and then they have this I
actually can't show you because you put
the baby's name into this app but I've
put the baby's name in awesome not
telling you guys the baby's name yet but
then it comes up in all updates so I
can't show you the text but basically it
shows you like obscure animals that your
baby is similar to like there's no fruit
but it's the same size as this which is
apparently a slow loris which I just
think is really funny I don't know how
big that is really but I think that's
funny and then it shows you like a
drawing of like what what the baby will
be like at 26 weeks and then it also
shows you lots of little kind of
Tippit's of information and it's got
recipes they also have one of their
employees does a weekly video well
presumably I don't know when she filmed
these it might have been years and years
ago but when she was pregnant she did
weekly update videos and I really liked
watching those and yeah you can input
like symptoms and stuff which I don't
really do but I really like this app so
yeah they're the two like two favorite
apps and that is it for I just realized
my bra straps been dipped in my tea
since I put my bra over there that's
great isn't it yeah great so that is it
for my six month pregnancy essentials
video I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
are pregnant let me know in the comments
what your essentials have been or if you
have a baby and you're ahead of me tell
me what else I need before I get really
really pregnant
or if you have any recommendations as
well of newborn essentials I'm obsessed
with watching like the newborn
essentials videos too so let me know and
I'll see you very soon guys bye
