morning guys so I'm having to vlog this
on my phone because I did bring my
camera look it's right here I promise
bye
I forgot to put a memory card in it so
I'm gonna turn the indicator off because
that's really annoying I just pulled
over to start my vlog because I'm on my
way I forgot to stop my blog I'm a
terrible blogger this morning no memory
card and I just left without vlogging
I'm on my way to pick up Nicki and Dan
Phillip I yes they are coming or they're
in England they've been in England for
like three days that they're coming to
visit this is gonna be so surreal I feel
like I spend so much time with them in
the States and they've never been to
England before so I'm really excited to
show them a few things about the
countryside they've been in London for a
few days seeing the sights but the
countryside of England really is
beautiful and I'm gonna be showing them
around and they come in to stay and I've
got their room ready and everything and
I'm super excited I have I have oh my
god what's going on today I am however a
little bit late because there was a road
closed so I'm gonna go now good pick
them up for like literally years it's
been hard being Korean yeah and we've
never done here no she's a zombie from
the Jeff act bye I'm here and I'm awake
and we're going to an old school English
country pub for lunch I think you're
gonna like I was so it's like Harry
Potter
that's why inside is generally like
Harry Potter she wants to make fun of my
reactions because everything to me is
like what I'm like brand-new amazing I'm
so excited we're driving through like
the ugliest part of town and she's like
this is so beautiful I'm like how is
that the ugliest part of town is my
question station
give it to me I'm like wow it just
doesn't look like LA at all and then we
get out in the countryside of Micra wait
till she sees yeah I was dying I love it
I guess I'm excited to show people in my
hood yeah and your signal it's so I mean
like literally if you've never been
England or the countryside like it's
like a movie when I was riding the train
over I told her it started like crying
it was like it's so beautiful like I was
so moved I've never seen anything like
that broad nikki is one of the most
old-school cuts ever and she's having
her first I have a fish and chips so
they are you guys fishes the chips are
incredible I haven't tried the Fisher's
like it's pretty big I think it's a
normal sized common so it's pretty big
but I'm a little stressed out and I've
got a picnic matter which I'm not a lie
I tried to order a soup as well and she
told me it would be too much food
everyone is outside right now but I felt
they need to show you what is going on
in the kitchen because it's serious me
and think he just went to boots and came
back and the boys it's only down and
Jack left in here but all of the boys
have been in here prepping so we have
all of the toppings ready this is Mike's
organization I can tell is this Mike's
organization jack is this Mike and Mike
them Mike's organized into balls these
here's all the mushrooms lined up we've
got basil all of this is dough like look
at this the dough's exploding so we've
got dough dough dough dough and then we
have some gluten-free dough somewhere
for Becky I think that's separate and
what are you doing garlic butter he's
doing garlic butter for the garlic bread
got it all going on oh my God look at
all the garlic was this your job yeah
and then everybody else is outside of
here like and we still have it's only
like 7 o'clock right now so I feel like
with some about 10 or 15 people coming
getting busy we got all the pizzas going
on right now so much pizza nick is like
arm in a scarf July in England welcome
his the oven on the go Jack has a paddle
as pizza in here oh yeah look at the
flames as piglet is making friends oh
this is Layla she's probably the cutest
dog ever
I mean don't tell piggley I said that
she kind of heard me but oh my goodness
later she's too busy sniffing except for
piglet obviously yeah all of the blonde
dogs so much blonde okay so I'm in bed
actually have a face life and I'll take
my makeup off because I'm so tired
Mike's just shutting everything up
downstairs but I wanted to show you my
little stowaway
I have piggy shh don't tell Mike I'll
see you guys not moreover probably the
day after
