good morning guys and welcome to my
Wednesday today we are in London Mike's
working in bedless hello it's a cup of
tea and I was just about to sit down to
do my hair and I thought you know what I
want to update the vlog and let
everybody know it's official I've got a
dressing table in the flat in London yes
I can do my hair already it's got a
mirror and everything very exciting also
the curtains went up yesterday Mike very
kindly put these up they did not go up
by magic and they are very beautiful do
you like them guys what do you think
they have like a metallic silver thread
so if you go back and have a look
there's the curtains I know I need to
steam them up and the dressing table in
the corner that I'm uploading a video
today we're in London because we're
going to with Andy Murray's playing as
also we get to watch Andy Murray vs.
song and then Federer vs. tillich very
exciting I found out way Federer's first
and then Andy oh my god I hope Andy win
this is gonna be so exciting so before
that I'm getting ready I'm doing my hair
because I've got an interview with Look
magazine for my book which is at 9 a.m.
so I better get cracking because it is
like a half past 8 do this we are on our
way guys that have arrived and oh my
goodness the Sun is out it's not we have
lucked him what's going on here what is
going
oh you tell you jack off just as I was
about to do a cute little outfit today
cuz you're looking so dapper
sunglasses MBA from Purcell you shirt
ruffle and your trousers are from seven
and your shoes are from Todd's no no
chain II there's a new ones in your
jacket Mike's got a sick tweed jacket on
hotter than the Sun is from j.crew yes
and I'm gonna do my outfit in a minute
when we're not walking this is the crazy
Winwood and foot traffic guys walking
and we're a little bit late as well we
haven't missed any tennis but we're like
we're about half an hour at the start so
45 minutes till the starts that's good
Mike's been like come on come on I'm
like I'm in these heels bike so I'm in
heels I'm not complaining look at us
we're walking so cute and this is when I
trip over and then smash hit the bag
which would appraise the wage would
definitely approve of that we're gonna
get some food what do you fancy
different things going on here
oh my god these look amazing red onion
butternut squash and dams and how do you
how do people react look to capacity to
me
YUM prawns salmon everything we could
you with your pass looking very pink
this is Centocor for watching Federer
who is one of my favorite players ever
and chillage he's not winning right now
but it is quite tight
look I wonder if we can see anyone
interested in the Royal Box ruse amen
never gonna doubt the same I think I
could see Ellie Goulding I know she's
meant to be there and I can see her in
the middle in the middle with the white
top on is that her
let me know what you think guys I think
it is I think it is
have ever break and we're going to
locate and stop using cream and so
people pins as well I think they might
have them I don't think Federer is gonna
win I'm not hopeful he was pulling it
back my little brother don't think he
can do it got Pimm's and strawberries in
hand no cream though because I thought
it might be a bit messy
the and we're going in to watch the next
is the longest tennis I've ever seen
nobody much I mean yeah to get strong
here comes Andy Murray guys I think this
is going to be a good day I hope this is
like a recess a second yes otherwise
we're gonna be here all night because
it's already 436 turning if they went
over there Bernie
seven hours of tennis my eyes my brain
we were going to get the cheap but my
feet hurt too much so we over on our way
to my sister's place to pick up my
cutoff because we parked it there and we
haven't decided whether or not we gonna
drive home tonight or stay in London not
sure you what do you think about the
situation well you know as ever it's
never my decision it's currently 10 past
9:00 boss and I'm hungry kind of want to
get some sushi it's not too late to get
sushi it was actually really really fun
I just realized while I didn't do an
outfit of the day in this video so I'm
gonna do it when we get to my sister
sorry
and we're also just watching Nicky's
snapchat Nicky's just arrived in London
and it's the weirdest thing seeing her
in England she's never and it's so funny
in his nappy she's like look at all the
amazing buildings just looking at like
normal houses where this she's like well
I can't wait for her to see like really
old beautiful building so I told her she
has used a Natural History Museum to see
the building image doesn't want to look
around I'm like you need to go I'm so
excited too far and they're coming to
stay this weekend as well which I'm
really really overexcited about it gonna
have beats are they gonna have some
pizza from the penises I'm gonna read
her face on it yes the light someone's
brake light so it's better late than
never miss out my hair is going a bit
creare it's the end of the day this is
my outfit sunglasses look like this
these are from deal or they actually
gave them to me yesterday for Wimbledon
how amazing is that super super lucky
and they actually match my outfit I'm
very excited about it if you have a look
sunglasses dress is from any lines
I feel like smooshy in it it's very
paints a very nice dress
and then my bag is my Valentino mission
large bag my very large bag that fits I
mean you're such an Outlook or
photo/video looks really large right now
so you get so much in this bag really
cut that is my can you can fit nothing
in miniature but it looks super cute and
then my shoes the bows are a bit messy
because I'm just retied them really bad
company it's already the taxi these are
from Topshop I'm obsessed with them
apparently they did live in lots of
different colors I love them I'll link
them in the description box if you guys
want to check them out because they are
like I love you hello that's for now I
will see you at the sushi after a long
day watching the tennis this is what we
need oh yeah ume sushi delivery I got a
spicy rainbow roll which looks really
good I feel like on these plates it just
looks kind of crazy because they look a
bit sushi ask anyway
I got some salmon roe which I love I got
some spicy oil a spicy tuna hand roll
this is Mike's pickles that he took off
his katsu curry cuz he got katsu curry
and gyoza and salmon Maki weird and
wonderful combinations but I can already
eat this right now oh and I got miso
soup yes sprite sprite for you is I
never finished my vlog yesterday because
we ended up getting home at about 1:00
in the morning Mike drove back and we
were all packed into my car with so much
stuff like extra carpet from under the
stairs all the boxes from the dressing
table and things like that so we got
here but it was really late and I didn't
say goodbye so I hope you guys enjoyed
coming to Wimbledon with us I will
probably be vlogging again on Saturday
so keep your eyes out for that I'm
having a birthday party which I'm really
excited about so I'll see you again very
soon and I hope you all have an amazing
day I guess
