good morning guys from day three of
VidCon I'm in a dark corridor right now
behind here and we're going in to a
panel this is my second panel but it's
my first coffee under my arm let's do
this boundaries above the door they do
good cheesecake but if you're gonna
climb I need to just have cheesecake
the way Mike rationalizes eating sushi I
can eat like a pig
oh well now worry about it later inside
what the sun's outside English things so
like it is feeling guilty for wasting
the sunshine minutes down I love it
rocking the stage okay
Oh guys I just heard like British accent
oh your blog me VidCon is over guys my
panel is finished I'm saying about
starting issues this is a bad time but
can everybody say to have come to
England going harass going on around and
say come on you need to come because
it's been way too long for like three
and four years I know too long I know so
we just came to the bowling party I'm
not gonna lie we didn't fall but we're
with where we have em who is apparently
the grabber machine Queen and these wait
is this a business specific were a
person this is a different one we just
want these goodies because they're way
better than I'll be hiding
Mike might wants today at balls why do
you want a ball Mike open a teddy bears
always go for the tournament especially
when you're with three girls Mike you
wanna win the cards down
oh oh here we go which one are you going
for
Julie minion pink dog Oh
she's doing it oh good good soft skill
and never strong enough very low
I mean we're throwing away the money at
this point in like half now I'm gonna do
this too far forward you can I mean it's
good that's good yeah yeah winning fresh
we've given up on the cuddly toys we're
packing up the car and heading back to
Santa Monica's we have a few hours to
kill it's the last day you action Manny
ready so I never blogged after the
vending machines last night I don't
think because we ended up going out for
dinner with a few friends and we also
went to the make a party but by the time
we got to make a party it was like half
11:00 and it was so loud and so dark and
everyone was very drunk so I didn't flog
any of it but we had a really good time
VidCon this year has actually been
really good I was kind of I wasn't
really looking forward to it that much
as much as I have in previous years but
I actually ended up having probably a
better time than the past few years so
it was really really fun I really liked
it we're now off to buy my sister a
present because she's been dog-sitting
every time she talks since we always buy
her something nice and we didn't find
anything the rest of this week we were
kind of looking we saw a few things were
like oh I don't know I don't know I
don't know so we're gonna do that
probably get some lunch and then head to
the airport oh and now it's dark
later we've made it to the airport lax
which Mike has never been to before the
rest of early access it does not this is
amazing
and we're sitting next to each other on
this flight which is very exciting at
the moment we are what as you don't go
crazy I guess I'm gonna get upgraded
again
what if they open at me if they upgrade
you I'm taking it mean I have to deal
with this flight home Mike's gonna be
building his Ghostbusters car but kids
he's five and a half you are hilarious
nice in there though the ghost doesn't
know the big ghost no it's just the man
I'll ask rubbish there's no ghosts no
that sucks but it's got all the dudes in
it it's got all the dudes but no ghosts
you need the big slimy ghost that's
probably gonna be it for today or this
whole kind of weekend's worth on the
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it coming
along to VidCon with us I cannot wait to
get home tomorrow and snuggle the pig
there I'm gonna stop traveling now and
I'll see you there
by
