good afternoon guys I would say good
morning but it is definitely afternoon
it's like five o'clock right now and we
have just arrived
what sunny viscom we're a little bit
late to the party because the first day
was actually today but we are here in
our room here is the beautiful Anaheim
dun da da da this is the Hilton never
saying in and then that is the
convention center right there and it's
got awesome posters of the YouTube read
series on the front of it fight the
fight of the Living Dead Eye that looks
amazing I need to see that anyway so
Mike and I are now going to check in and
get our passes racing mike has my like
manager pass I think a manager will
never be managerial let's bowl
I really miss piglet I wish she could
have come to Benihana oh she's had like
she heard most people at home so we're
back in the room we just went and picked
up my past and I've just been editing my
video this is my new video as I imagine
Singh right now so get ready with me
that I filmed this morning and Mike's
been laughing at this you're mean you
say mean mr. this one how rude I mean
this one is on his phone looking at
brexit results as they happen it's like
it's very close it's very close there's
a very very close right now by the time
this goes up you guys will know what
happens but it is very very close I mean
it's worrying but when 50% of the
population don't want something
physicists I know it's a big good
outcome for everybody
so I wanted to show you what I just got
in my goodie bag we picked up our passes
and we're just getting ready to go to
the partay
I got a retro tumbler gym bag which i
think is hilarious have you seen this
might feel like Mike will like it an
actual old refurbished Polaroid camera
how cool is that I'm going to take
pictures of Mike naked and stick them
everywhere probably not I also got I
don't want to scare people that much a
mug that says dftba VidCon
don't forget but I don't what does dear
I don't know well that sounds far we
telling really obvious dftba don't
forget to be awesome
yes don't forget to be awesome sure it's
not don't Facebook brad's nos t OT and
this is my favorite thing there's a rose
gold grenade shaped Powerbank how much
power does this hold
I hope it's loads and then it's gonna be
on oh it's like one and a half charge
it's gonna be money favor anyway it's
cool and then some film for the camera
and my VidCon t-shirt which I asked for
in double XL so I can sleep in it I
don't know you ready for the partay hey
Potter Potter Potter MGF is a little bit
overexcited about the YouTube could
share with you wanna check is that your
side of the bed
you can take it on the plane you can
loot like the keep on the plane more I
make youtube videos running slow yeah
yeah
are you taking the mickey out of youtube
like worst place for you to be right now
so this is my outfit for the evening
guys we have coordinated our outfits
again your shoes are on fella um so I
have on this off the shoulder top by a
self which and they're silky I've been
white as well but I don't wear the white
one nearly as much this air conditioning
is noisy and then I have on black ripped
jeans which are from Zara and then I
have on these little bad boys which are
maybe a new purchase these are from Club
Monaco they are espadrille wedges furry
espadrille wedges I love them for the
summertime and then I have my little
Valentino bag so all together now it
looks like this and this this is just
not really great fashion accessory is it
oh and my necklaces I forgot to say are
from forever 21
she parties a little bit now but anyone
don't know I'm very excited
my favorite this is a bromance sighs
finest guys so the party is over
on the plus side we've come to get
voices these are the best oysters ever
by the way they look big fat juicy ones
and some tuna tacos mike has a steak
having dinner with my love good morning
guys welcome to we're on our way to a
Teen Vogue in to buy on our way to a
Teen Vogue interview number one thing to
do
are there going to be the day Friday
interview you are a teen fashion icon oh
you know well
so the interview went really well it was
on the balcony in the Sun though I think
I'd like but in like 15 minutes
it was hot and we're now in there like
behind the scenes area in the creepy
corridor trying to find the meetup place
and party and Nikki Fleming we meet up
with Evan I wasn't excited it's damn
damn I would have got down will be there
Mike and Dan and their bromance
continues VidCon Roman micah
snapchatting himself eating what he
thinks is a polo we discovered this last
year that they're not polos it's not a
freakin polo it's not a polo Mike
Nikki's here as well it's it's do you
these things these lifesaver they taste
interesting we're going in guys Tati's
peeking I feel like we could do like the
three bears stealth behind the scenes
from the curtain gonna get in trouble
for doing that
that's the guys many people
who are you ain't to see my I'm waiting
to see this lovely lady called
apparently Fleur I've never met her
before she sounds really nice I'm
hearing you mean
next
I took is the only one that comes out oh
yeah we just finished the Meetup and
this one's misbehaving where have you
been
we've had so much fun we didn't have
been running around yeah we've been
playing we found virtual reality
headsets I need one in my life no you
don't know you do not parents braid bar
braid it tomorrow instead of doing it
myself I mean quite hungry
we're now on our way to my first panel
which is for sharing life you should be
on it too I'm feeling so tired right now
if I had like three coffees I didn't
sleep very well last night and then I
was up fairly editing and I just feel
like a total zombie today's I'm so busy
but yeah
we're doing it
yeah we've had such a good fast day at
VidCon and to top it off Mike and I are
now off to the James Bond party we're
going to medieval times have never done
this before this one has a little
excited
this guy's not on our team we want him
to lose / die I don't know what quite
happens but you know fake die we wanted
to this is our night guys who's coming
he's got a noble steed my knight sweaty
guys don't know oh my god what's come on
you can do it Mike's really smug right
now hi one second oh one second what is
the tripod again so it's 1 a.m. right
now I'm in bed with my fade Khan t-shirt
on backwards
inside I'm tired I am I'm delirious
medieval times was hilarious and fun and
it was so nice to get to hang out with
everybody
it was awesome like crazy I don't wasn't
expecting that
told you blood my first day was so much
fun as well the meetup was awesome
but panel was great I feel like so much
happened today it was insane did a
couple of interviews all that hung out
with loads of friends and it was just
really really fun
I mean it's now made some new friends -
Mike's talking but not a vlog you
because you'd sing in bed like the Shelf
nobody wants to see that ain't nobody
got time for that um what's happening
now is what o'clock got to be up at 6:30
cuz I need to make my video live it was
my good life today so actually uploading
of internet it's not too slow at 1:00 in
the morning
thank goodness and I've got a panel at
9:00 a.m. so turn off the lights
