good morning guys from the beach I'm
hoping it's not too windy I might like
shields the microphone but we are here
at about 9:30 in the morning I'm here
with this one
Beck siruni Lord and handsome gentleman
that's joined us in his little red
shorts you look very cute today I say
miss orange why ping his outfit today
no they're red he has all sorts of
colors Charlotte loves it
there's also dogs on the beach look guys
so cute we are about to go to breakfast
so I can't remember how much I said
yesterday but we're here for Elle and
Alex's wedding in Santa Barbara I'm not
gonna vlog the wedding because that's
kind of rude but I'm gonna vlog my day
around the wedding so we're about to go
to the wedding brunch and yeah which is
having a little mosey on the beach first
because it's so beautiful here it's all
dusty Mike's on the beach in his
espadrilles what you do is how I roll
definitely should take them off mind you
then you get some yes sandy feet so who
wants that he wants anyone so we have a
few hours before the wedding and we are
chilling by the pool Beck's is here in
her hat looking fabulous yes it's a
black felt hat so this is quite mom
Mike's gone inside because he's too hot
and he's in a real grump
because he doesn't like something and he
doesn't really like being by the pool
today for some reason so he was down
here and his thick cotton shirt oh I'm
so hot
really grumpy so he's gone back up to
the rooms that I need air conditioning
right okay my not just shade shade
wouldn't help so yeah we're gonna get a
frozen lemonade and
so we've just got ready for the wedding
and me and Baxter I'm gonna take some
outfits pictures but I thought I would
vlog you my outfit as well you can take
my sunglasses off but women will need
them because the wedding is like outside
in the sunshine so I've done my hair and
like this double braid it back and hold
the cameras and I can show them don't
like this double braided style which I
really like and really proud of it I
think it looks very very like and then
my dress color is this one which is from
ASOS it is a maxi dress that is just the
right length despite the fact that I'm
really short so I have to wear flats
which is kind of annoying but actually
quite cool because you know it's like a
beachy wedding and then I have on
when'll Valentino sandals I've got my
toes around when all those too much and
this one is wearing the most beautiful
dress she looks like a princess so nice
now I love it
yesterday she described as I've got this
white dress I was like Becky a white
dress for weddings probably a bad idea
just like no no no it's not white it's
like really a lot of color it is I love
it it looks very beauty in the sunshine
and we're gonna take one it is hot we're
gonna take some nice pictures out here
on the balcony this one is wearing his
very dashing white linen shirt and
chinos check you out
let's go to the we're doing so it's the
morning after the night before guys I'm
feeling a little bit delicate right now
whoo that was probably one of the most
fun weddings I've ever been to turns out
American weddings are awesome we had a
great time we made lots of new friends
what too many tequila shots as well
which I don't normally ever do
Charlotte's particle talked into air and
clearly a little bit delicate this
morning Becky is following us we're
meant to be following her she follows
she is falling back he's following us
and we are going first to a drug store I
think Becky right secondly we are going
to the Four Seasons where Mike and I got
engaged Becky's gonna segue take some
pictures for us yes that is happening it
is a beautiful sunny day and I'm feeling
really happy because I just had such a
good time so so nice and yeah it was
really awesome to be able to celebrate
with our Alex and what a good wedding
upset sofa but I feel the redness look
who I found in Walgreens parking lot in
her Camaro casual Mike saw him in the
rearview mirror was like that's the
worst hat I've ever seen
nice wheels so this is the point four
years ago almost to the day sitting on
this rock that you asked me to marry
it's actually really beautiful and we've
been looking through look at the
pictures so this is where this is Mike
wait hang on over up the brightness what
you're doing can you do it because it's
easier if you
alright the brightness is high that's
volume so I don't know if you can see
let's have a here we go here
this is Mike sitting on that exact same
Rock four years ago wearing are pretty
similar outfits as well would you do all
again good morning guys and welcome back
today we are in Santa Monica today and
we're just walking up and I think
there's a farmers market going over it's
delightful
let's take a look at that got my iced
coffee Mike and I have come for a little
wander in the sunshine
gonna have a little look around the shop
and then we're gonna go take some photos
on the beach for my pilot blog and that
is what is going down we've been in LA
for flora don't worry we've done a lot
of Sephora in the last few days but I
have to said you need to pop in because
of this no no it's not to buy anything
and one of my gel nails is like starting
to peel off so I'm you to go and steal
some nail varnish you like to stick it
back down so that doesn't flake off in
the next day probably give it another
like two days extension but it's worth
it in my opinion there is also a nasty
girl story I don't really want to go
into it which is like the other side of
this building that we just walked
opportunity we need to cover ground it
problem soul for the time being guys can
you see that it was like half flaking
off my whole nail not a good look how
random is this little skunk I love him
he's soaked we've just been taking some
pictures over there by the beach this
one is not very happy about it
are you hungry
even bumpy
he doesn't like taking pictures for me
so we're going to go back to do a bit
more shopping ain't got a drink maybe
get some lunch pretty chill day
