and welcome to our second day in Vegas
it is beautiful and sunny of course but
are always a breakfast and today I can
finally tell you why we're here we are
here with Elizabeth Arden and Britney
Spears fragrances for the reveal of
Britney's new fragrance tonight which is
called private show I'm super excited
and to celebrate we get to go and meet
her backstage oh my god and watch her
concert sadly my cousin coming to the
concert which to be honest I think I
have more fun without you because you
are not going to answer our news Britney
oh my god I'm so excited I absolutely
love Britney I kind of all wait we've
come for a delightful breakfast in
serendipity 3 this is this is the view 3
I don't know why it's 3 I've been to the
original one in New York
and they do they're famous for Mike
Mike's ever been here for they're famous
for frozen hot chocolate we maybe have
to come back for that later also I just
been looking at this oh my god oh my god
it all looks so good it's so sinful can
I just say what about this what
wake up happy what Bloody Mary
I love Bloody Marys here is my enjoyed
enormous breakfast guys I got an omelet
with spinach and avocado I can't on what
else that has any definite has cheese
these potatoes look amazing potatoes for
breakfast is an American thing I like it
I'm not like Scott the giant cheesy Eddy
bagel so I've just been getting ready
for the evening this is I can see the
toilet let's let's step this way this is
my makeup for the evening I actually
just took my lip off because I did it
and then I thought it was too dark so
took it off but I've kind of waved my
hair and I'm wearing my white self
portrait dress I actually got this I
think probably about 18 months ago and
I've worn it quite a few times but not
recently I just love this dress it's
like one of my favorite favorite dresses
in the world has like sheer panels there
and then it has pockets to see put your
hands in your pockets which I love and
then I have on my Jimmy Choo wedges
which again are I feel like these are
probably three or four years old
but they're really comfy so I'm wearing
those and that is it for my outfit I'm
also taking my little green Ferrentino
bag which is here which I've been using
like for the last couple of days anyway
so that is it mike is here chilling
because he's been watching for golf
whilst I have been getting ready which
is south watch football golf I'm then
going to go pick up my jeans that we
have are you gonna go pick up your shoes
did you get any mail saying they're
ready so I'm just checking now I'm then
going to go and do the mission I try to
do yesterday which is pop the golf shop
to get the range on I want go to
in-n-out burger to get a burger I want
the cinema afterwards and then what back
down strip I'm probably fall asleep
before you and no because I we don't
like 11:00 reconvene
there's no chance I'll be awake at 11:00
party hard in Vegas my crazy we're on
our way to Britney Mike's on his way to
the golf shop
oh my god guys it's from the toxic video
oh my god I'm the circus one we're more
I feel like there's more over there
we've just arrived in the theater and
there's nobody in here and we're about
to do the backstage VIP bit where we
meet Brittany look at this guy's
actually tiny in here like way smaller
than you would normally see her playing
it but Oh going backstage guys I'm kind
of nervous and we're going through the
door
outside security time backstage area
guys we have to leave our cameras now so
you're just gonna see the picture but
it's exciting
to break the you
okay so I think it's time for a listen
to get Nazi right
though I discard the Brittany Coast and
it was so amazing genuinely one of the
best
now my future partner coming to the
hotel we're in planet Bollywood right
now and he's coming to me for drinks
we'll find him somewhere the phone oppa
he's probably going to be
on a slot machine this is the first time
ever I am a slot virgin that sounds
really dirty I've never gambled anything
in my life and I just put $5.00 into
this baby okay so either pull that if
you want to be dramatic or press that
much I think you need to pull it
no you love
then you got to line them up we got a
line up this is an unlucky slot machine
I can feel it
I think we've gotta find a themed
machine okay so well do you either keep
going and lose the rest of your scooter
$3.00 slightly more cash out and then
you get the voucher
I remember this now I remember now yeah
you somehow lost $4 that's why we need
to bring the penny spots they're more
fun you get more poles for your money
that's why let's find some nice penny
fun so I'm reunited with this one and
we're in the quad pods right now we
found we have located
so Brittany slow machine we're gonna do
this and I'm gonna win something I'm
probably not gonna win something but I'm
gonna try
oops load it again
lady is loving it in the background take
your prize
hit a button 90
you're up to 650 now come on credit I
don't open just keep hitting buttons and
hope for the best
cash out yeah Britney
thanks for the 14 cents you suck a
gambling period it doesn't matter
you can't gamble Britney wins he is now
taking on the Austin Powers slot machine
here we go I'm not gonna lie you're
gonna fail because it makes no sense
slot machines make zeros and
Austin Powers yeah I can run down the
halls ten dollars in total and I'm never
gambling a pound for a dollar again in
my life
why casinos are rich and most people in
casinos are not as rich as people earn
the casino basically I'm gonna go for a
drink now I'm gonna call it a night it's
gonna be a boss today we'll see you
tomorrow we're going on a road trip and
I'm excited about that
