good morning guys today Mike and I are
going on a secret adventure so secret
I'm a real big fan of your t-shirt by
the way I know I bought it for you but
you never wear it hmm I'm not so sure
man
if you think Mike looks cute in stripes
can you write a comment goes with your
short hair as well like it makes me like
your short handle anymore I think you
look super cute we're going to he throw
today fly to Las Vegas baby
I actually was not in Vegas that long
ago but Mike hasn't been to Vegas in
many many moons we're saying goodbye to
the poopies they've actually just been
given choose because they've got a
couple of hours home alone until auntie
Claire arrives to babysit
yes peg looks like leave me alone I'm
eating my chew I'm gonna miss you little
one see you in a little while crocodile
so today's joint offers there's the back
of a car on the way to the airport
Mike's been working just finished just
about finished now and I'm uploading a
vlog video from not yesterday but the
day before
are you excited to be coming with me on
the trip for London's
I know like longer than two days which
is at the moment we have not seen each
other very much like the last few months
is actually really hard
fabulous shush you
who is joking
yeah it's actually been really tricking
them in a way so much I'm so excited to
have this well as much everybody the
only problem is I got upgraded is the
lighting here so I have a business class
and mics in front of me
so if our mission at the airport my
mission otherwise I want to give you my
seeds no you know that's giving us take
us get into it those frequent air miles
must be useful for something we made and
this one got the Opera we're having some
sushi now I have to sit next to him
while the flight there that's the only
and he's still vote talking he's still
when I talk to me with me
yeah - what is this no more chat we are
now eating sushi at yo sushi and
therefore I have a selection of
delightful morsels it's really people I
did I just saw I wanted and I went for
it yeah I just did it are you building
up to it I'm just making a quick
thumbnail for my vlog and my sis my
little eye princess layer and this
picture
mine again
they operate across
tea
it's so fancy this one's grumpy because
I went and got him when he was watching
his movie for movies I actually fell
asleep for like four hours I meant to
get Mike ages ago and he was like where
did you go
we have arrived as you may be able to
tell I am lying on the bed Mike is over
there somewhere there he is
we checked into our room staying at
Caesar's Palace which is pretty nice
I've never seen him before
mine's been The Hangover um and yeah
we're gonna go get some dinner
and then I'll probably see you guys in
the morning I think I'm gonna roll this
vlog and tomorrow's vlog into one
because I feel like we haven't done that
much today apart from sit on a plane so
I'll see you there were no snakes on the
plane Mike I'll see you in the morning
Mike and I are on our way to breakfast
really really good
I've got all the cream cheese well I say
that that would be all the cream cheese
so not quite but it's begging it up this
is my bagel mini bacon this could
officially be the weirdest breakfast
ever
I've got a lobster Benedict some like
seafood kind of salad thing scrambled
eggs and salsa watermelon juice and a
mini bagel which Mike has on his lake as
he toasted it for me Mike is doubling up
on their expending his ultimate favorite
thing in the world imagine bringing kids
here like margin spike here you wouldn't
it be so funny
oh my god guys look at the pool it looks
insane so a bit of an update for you
guys Mike and I have been mooching
around fingers moving a little bit of
shopping this one has his well that was
a support Maggie show this one has is
like annual transcript every time we
come to the states with me
this isn't normal we should be hanging
out so much almost like actually here
doing crazy crazy we are now going to
the fashion show more because I wanted
to go to Nordstrom to look for some
edges see if they have any because I
tried to buy some before I came but they
were all the ones I wanted all sold out
lots of slipping up minutes when there's
a Silpat surprise surprise what are we
eating for lunch
sushi well we have shrimp tempura we
have some sushi coming when in America
eat all the sushi yes guys look at these
this is shrimp and lobster roll which
looks delicious and then this is a
Picasso also has like yellowtail and all
sorts of tasty stuff so yummy jetlag has
got the better of us right now
I knew you were flagging a min ago have
you revived yourself in a nap you don't
fit in and out where yeah yeah I'm going
to a welcome drinks and food with the
brand that we're here with which I'm
going to tell you and tomorrow's vlog
like why we're here basically but Mike
can't come so he's having to go off on
his own to in and outs for a couple of
hours and to a golf shop yeah I know I
don't know something around that kind of
area I've got again uber to get there
check you out for crazy I've just filmed
three videos and I've got changed and
now I have like 40 minutes until dinner
I am flagging I really need a caffeine
boost I need a caffeinated beverage so I
reunited with this one after a few
drinks and I was sent to solve my food
this
where me we made it too
I'm still leaving for eat I'm gonna send
you
so I made it back into bed and I just
will hooks back into the room and like
collapse off the bed it was like might
just woke me up I was like you need to
get changed and take your makeup off and
charge your phone not just fall asleep
jet lag is real and it's here but we'll
see you tomorrow an exciting and now
it's been I'm gonna tell you guys why
we're here although you're probably know
already because it'll be on Instagram
but sneak peek on Instagram see you
tomorrow
I need to go put those on those right
there that one for javis night guys
