good morning guys my hair is kind of
crazy it's actually kind of windy today
today is Monday I am at the train
station I'm on my way to London I have a
meeting this morning at 9 o'clock so
it's quite early and hence my hair is a
bit crazy because I just crazy rough
dried it and kind of also half dried it
I didn't properly like try the whole
thing so gonna be a bad hair day today
I'm sad it's Monday so sad that the
weekend is over I had the best weekend
with the kids and my sister it was so
much fun but yeah back to London today
and I have a busy one so taking you guys
along with me let's see what happens I'm
currently editing yesterday's vlog on
the train and she's my favorite person
in the world
Coffee acquired in London is the king
particularly grey today here we go guys
meeting number one this coffee is
actually so good guys I think it's the
best cappuccino I've had in a quite a
while
it's from Peyton and bunch I think it's
a chain I've never been that before but
this one was on Great Portland Street so
if you're ever passing go and get
cappuccino it's really good just got out
my first meeting which on a side note
went really really well I'm feeling very
inspired today and I am now in for
amazing and I've come for a facial with
Murray Reynolds him a penetration was
before which is amazing I'm trying out a
facial for the master lift which has
like LED technology which I've heard so
much about I'm traveling for the next
few weeks I really want my skin to be
like looking good so gonna try that out
look like a crazy person and then I have
more meetings after that as well oh my
god the beauty apartment in flora Mason
isn't
and they have more which is such a
forgotten about brand these little tit
and they have soap in them but how cute
are they I had one ages ago and I loved
it they have this marshmallow scent
which is amazing guys this is a great
look are you ready for this
this is Bree and she's gonna be doing my
facial senses before I have makeup on so
yeah it's probably not gonna be quite as
pretty but we should see is it gonna be
good am I going to be glowing I'm a bit
scared apparently doing micro need
language I know if you won't have it
done at the moment and they swear by it
so we shall see I'm a little bit scared
but we go guys I can't see anything
right now but we do I can't wait to
watch this back I think I'm gonna
exciting crazy
thanks anyone is wondering why I'm doing
and why why I'm filming LED lights on my
face
Randy's anti-aging Gregory yep bloom in
Nancy inflammatory and much material and
then the purpley violet one is like an
fit as everything so yeah technical so
this is the after guys I'm feeling
surprisingly non-red which I'm excited
about but Marie also just did Mike
renewing all my lips and there's so much
more plump and juicy but it really
stinks
I think this okay it's important after
can you tell the difference this is so
cool guys look at this Alice in
Wonderland I don't even know what to
call it
Alice falling from the sky in Fortnum
and Mason's in the atrium so cool oh my
goodness guys my skin feels amazing
although I am going makeup free looking
a little bit shiny the street London
this afternoon I'm on my way to my
second meeting which is hopefully a
Lodge meeting I'm actually on your
breakfast steak so I started so early
Hey I just never thought meeting and now
I'm so hungry so this is my lunch guys
we're ahead in street kitchen which is
really lovely it's actually just been
throwing it down with rain it has
stopped thank goodness
but I wasn't muscles so hungry can't
even tell you so I'm now in the back of
the cab only way to get my brows done
because my brows are in a bad way it
guys like I think I'm like a month late
on getting them done and I stopped in
Cesare I had like 20 minutes in between
my meetings I ran across the road in
Cesare to get some new jeans because if
you guys are follow me for a while you
may know my favorite jeans ever in the
world are from Zara but I always get
like the similar pair there's like two
different kinds I like this one with the
biker zips and then there's another one
with holes in it so the ones that
they're zips are all worn out like on
the seams because I wear them all the
time so a few of them like the seams are
popped open and then the ones with the
rips I put my foot through those at
times and the holes getting bigger so I
picked up one of each of those before I
go away but I also had this which I
wanted to show you guys I also picked up
some stuff and lent my friend really
quickly for as her office was just down
the road I also picked up this which is
a biker jacket it's kind of hard to see
in here it's got this amazing material
look at this it's like all embroidered
it has like silver thread on the inside
of the leaves and it's like a
see-through jacket I thought this would
be really good for the summer but also
for this trip because it's gonna be warm
most of the places I'm going so yeah
bizarro number pick that up a lot of its
gonna look really good with like a white
t-shirt and like ripped jeans or one of
they're just like really really plain
outfit it's it's quite detailed though I
just had a quick pit stop to have my
brows done
brow bar in Notting Hill and I think
something good job I haven't so overdue
on having my browser and it was quite
right and really painful you know and
you've got like way too much going on so
yeah I just done that and I'm now on my
way back into central to what is going
on here really it's like hardcore
raining so my hair has just gone even
more crazy I'm on my way back into
central for my final meeting of the day
before going home to see Mike I'm also
about to call my mum I have inspected my
helmet ages she's been away for the past
few weeks we've been like crossing over
with each other like when she's away I'm
home and then when she's home I'm away
so it's been a bit of a nightmare so I'm
gonna give her a ring and catch up that
is about it
I've just gotten in my car and I'm on
the way home to see Mike I haven't
vlogged in between the last taxi journey
and now because I went for drinks and
like my last kind of post it's like a
meeting but not really it was just kind
of a catch up and who was sitting on the
next table but Robert Pattinson I wanted
to vlog but it felt really rude I feel
like it's like a real invasion of
privacy if you like film or take photos
of someone when they're in somewhere
like chilling out so I didn't want to
but he was standing right there and like
sitting like two tables up and OMG he is
as good-looking in real life gorgeous is
chucking it down with rain now I'm on my
way home to see Mike can't wait it's
been a long day I left the house just
before 7:00 so and it's now half past
9:00
so yes I'm excited to be home oh here
she is
hello little one did you have a nice day
I missed you did you have a nice day you
been a good girl you monkey oh that's
awesome stuff hello there beautiful girl
they miss you
this is basically what I have to deal
with from this one place right
you are so cute so cute
I was trying to zoom in then realizes
pressing the wrong button
what are you doing working what are you
doing
saying hi yeah loads furnace is great
but watching football boy time boy time
have you been finding this piggy very
boring I say very boring notice
something different about me today
you're wearing a leather jacket no
that's pretty similar to most days black
trousers pretty similar to those days go
Cameron young that's also pretty similar
to most days hair changed anything about
me
eyebrow sharp Oh hood bruised eye
they're not a Steve I got give me that
can't even have to do you see my face is
different but then why would normally
have my face I went to London for the
day a cover some kind of fillers of
Botox but I have any makeup on because I
have facial I love that you don't notice
that makes me love you all the more I
also just got home to this giant bunch
of flowers beautiful they're like a huge
affair like it's probably 24 white roses
and this is the envelopes got my dress
on the other side but like there's no no
there's actually no note I don't know
who they're from
there's some bears from some flower food
Mike says it wasn't him was it you Pig
there was it you piggy
so whoever sent these flowers thank you
I don't know who it was - thanks I feel
like there might be maybe there's like a
message normally there is a message
doesn't matter but there's nothing like
even stuck in in the side only I even
have a VARs big enough for these flowers
they're ginormous so I've just got off a
10:00 p.m. conference call to New York
my final piece of work for the day and I
totally forgot the game of Thrones is on
right now we've missed it was like an
hour and a half late luckily Mike here
is very organized and he has a ton
series link thank goodness that he's got
a spangly sky thingy that records it
which is like Netflix what's a cool sky
yeah I'm not very technical with my TV
but Game of Thrones series six episode 8
this is wheeler-dealer here we go you
are missing wheeler-dealer I missed you
Independence Day new-new Independence
Day Independence Day
no sir well Smith's not in it I'm not
interested then you haven't seen the
trailer it's not very good angle there
are you excited oh my tickle me are you
excited for Vegas baby Vegas baby
what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
