there we go in there today we're going
to the beach yeah
morning guys today we are off to the
beach in sunny England how many dogs can
we get in the back of a car there's a
lot back there
piglet is sitting on Lulu slap very
scared she doesn't like the car and this
one is trying to sit on my lap what's
going on here squidge you
loulou's also singing to piglet cuz
piglet scared of the car we made it to
the beach guys this is the first time
any of my dogs have been on the beach
these guys I'm not being very sociable
piglets barking at everything leaving
this piglet is the best day ever
treacle loves it is the beach life not
for you Pig did you not like swimming
walking everyone push piggy tricky a
seaweed chips will eat it says no gross
throw it she might fetch it
dinky squidge in the car was that fun
squidge did you have the best time ever
Oh Julian baked cupcakes now Lily yeah
currently making cupcakes and we've
divided up the mixture whose is this one
that's yours
what color is that going be and then
who's this one mine yours what color is
it going hello
yeah white and white how we go now so
many colors let's get cooking guys here
they go looking appetizing than going in
guys now we wait
these are like the best cupcakes ever
guys look
these are Lily's ones and then spikes
thought these ones can't finish them yet
have you dude you know they're gonna be
good is it tasty yeah yeah just the
icing I have to say I think these are a
pretty impressive effort from the three
of us this afternoon expertly decorated
by Lulu the pink ones and spike had the
checkered ones which is your favorite
due to work you got a favorite got icing
on your chin which one that spikes one
you like spikes on the best yeah like
that one though I made not a blog for
the last couple of hours have my nails
done look how nice this looks I haven't
had a French manicure he'll focus on my
hands instead of my face let's do this
way so it can't see my face I haven't
had a French manicure in ages look how
nice this looks I'm obsessed with it I
also have my toes done oh hi P I also
have my toes done in a nice coral color
my toes are real ugly so let's not dwell
on those and what else have we done
another special guest right
this is like a last minute thing we see
described as like hey what are you doing
it's like I'm bored I can't I can't I
can't
so we're having a baby over yeah I think
we're going out for dinner
ERD what what kind of what kind of food
are we eating what kind of food is at
hand pub food could they do throw fish
and chips I hear me good steak a little
bit bloated today you only have like
your stomach is like family outing to
the pub and we all look who's back that
stinky one and we're having a bit of a
fight when we get out it's like the
worst so we're having a bit of a debate
about what Carla see should get I say a
mini because they're the best it was
you're not going to tell Riley for money
but there's so much cool and they're
more fun
those promise guys this is Hannah's car
of choice so nice golden-brown gold it's
just brown definitely doesn't this is an
arty-farty lasagna that Dan says looks
like the result of a ped egg yep yep he
said that now I'm gonna eat it and it's
cheesy great so I didn't finish my vlog
last night because we got home and we
were just chatting and playing me once
right but it's Sunday morning now and
we're on cords I'm on a kiddy quad
standard countryside craziness going on
right now
Spike's leading the way so you can see
up there this little helmet on and his
thumb and his skull and crossbones flag
my sister's going bananas
I think my is about to appear out of
there with Mike how's the dogs I think
we might have to swap in a minute
because he wants to go on the collar oh
my goodness that's gonna be able today
guys I'll see you very soon we're
actually going to America or Wednesday
so I might log one day this week and
then jolly every day I wonder in the
States by Jesus by two on hélène not
going anywhere
