it is breakfast time and they have so
much tasty food in the buffet I do not
know what to have french toast our bread
puddings like bread and butter pudding
for breakfast guys is this a Central
American thing because it's amazing what
else have we got going on montane
vegetables
that's quite random scrambled eggs I had
these the other day they're really good
with chili in them and potatoes and rice
spicy sauce so they in Costa Rica and
today we are going but to get on that
boat nothing wrong with this boat I'm a
little bit scared of boats don't tell
anyone
little bit scared Susie's looking so
glam
we're going into the storm right now
come on it's so loud at me probably
won't be able to hear anything but look
at all the food I'm actually so hungry
look how beautiful this is guys I don't
want to get off the boat these guys got
the little boat before us this is like
the little boat that takes you to the
hotel this is the hotel here and finally
as we're about to get off the boat the
rain stops and it's really beautiful
like I've been dragged come on but your
hands look at seizing yeah turn around
look it still looks amazing this is the
best option if you're gonna jump in the
ocean off a boat if you're gonna come
somewhere this human yet this human as
well I'm telling you my hair has been
like like it feels disgusting it's not
as wet it's like wash it immediately
what on earth is that I don't know
there's a lot of monkey guys there's a
lot of monkeys in Costa Rica and iguanas
and all sorts the Congo monkey man you
hear this noise just like that it is
like a mess the best in record I thought
it was a lion then I got no it won't be
a lion because we're by to see a frog
genuinely frogs make weird ass noises in
Thailand give me a Costa Rican frog goes
turns out someone key I think it was a
monkey monkeys making pole apparently is
there they're like they were having sexy
time outside of your balcony
though the lighting in here is kind of
crazy but we're currently shooting some
outfits
tomorrow's go right now like I'm posing
yeah yeah she does
look how pretty her dresses I'm in love
with your dress we are both wearing
self-portraits my tomorrow looks very
beautiful and she also she got these
shoes in the airport from Gucci and I'm
a little bit jealous of them they're
very beautiful a fan of the day whilst
Wells Susie spill Macy's lying on the
steps from this angle is an
inappropriate shot to show you her legs
so I'm just going to include her face we
are in the lobby of the hotel right now
we're gonna go and get some dinner
ice my arm in the way oh my arms in the
way okay okay I might get my own feeling
away here so we're in the lobby of the
hotel the Lighting's all in here sorry
guys and we're about to go and get some
dinner I am so happy about this right
now guys I've got some tuna sushi some
tuna nachos I don't even quite know oh
so you got the nachos here I don't quite
know what what kind of thing they're
gonna be like when they look really
delicious
Susan's got some sushi the lighting is
crazy in here but we're having a dinner
with everybody and just go back to my
room after dinner I had such a nice time
it's been so fun here and turn my TV off
again it's been so fun here we've met
such nice people I swear like the group
of girls for asset if you can promise
that the group of girls have been so
nice and so I just talking to Suzy on
the way back to our room and like it's
such a diverse group so like everyone is
so different in personality and like
their actual content is so different
it's just been really nice to kind of
like merge everyone together know so
many people that just don't know each
other because in England and the YouTube
kind of like world
everybody knows everybody because
England is is a smaller space anyway but
also I feel like it's just a lot more
like it's not creepy but like everybody
knows everybody you know what I mean
I don't know and it's just so nice I
like bring everyone together from all
over the United States and then
from England as well as it's like crazy
it's been really really cool Ashley I've
got to pack now and I feel like my room
is a giant but I have stuff everywhere
let's do this I don't want to go home
I'm all packed up and ready to go guys
I've just got into bed and I just
realized I haven't taken my makeup off
I'm looking at my selves and we get back
out of bed and take my makeup off but
yeah that's gonna be it for tonight I
feel like this has been the most
whirlwind trip it's gone so quickly but
it's been so much fun today has been
really fun the boat was awesome it was
kind of crazy cuz it's raining so much
but it like almost made it even better
because it wasn't like a normal
experience on a boat not that that's
like a normal experience on a boat like
that because I've never been on a bit
about that before but it was just like
not your stereotypical like boat trip
because I had like torrential rain was
quite fun to say yeah I had a really
good time I don't want to go home but
I'm so excited to see Mike and the dogs
I've really missed them so I haven't
really been able to talk to Mike that
much because our days have been so
jam-packed and by the time I get home in
the evening he's then asleep because
they're seven hours in front so I've
only spoken to Mike a couple of times so
I'm excited to get home and catch up
with him he's actually our wedding today
and one of our friends that I missed
because I was coming on this trip so I
was resat to miss it so it's nice to
about that and yeah I'll see you guys
probably not tomorrow because I'm gonna
be traveling for like the entire day
straight we leave her at 9:30 and then
I'll get home and I'm like William 9:30
on a Sunday morning and I'll get home at
about like lunchtime on Monday so Louie
literally like traveling for over 24
hours which is pretty insane but it's
been so worth it it's been such a good
trip so yeah I'll probably see you the
day after tomorrow I hope you guys have
an amazing day and thank you for
watching as always my guys
