hello guys a long time no see on this
channel for a baby update it's been a
while I feel like the last baby update I
uploaded was 18 weeks and I'm now 23
weeks so this is gonna be 19 to 23 week
update I feel like my skin looks a
little bit weird on this camera because
the light is going crazy it's one of
those days where it's super like windy
rainy and the Sun comes out really
bright so I've been having problems I've
also got both of the dogs with me right
now being hooligans so anyway this
update is going to be how I've been
feeling for the past month because I
haven't updated you guys on that in ages
some new things I bought for the baby
and the nursery update as you may be
able to tell I'm sitting in a chair this
is a new chair and then also I'm going
to show you my bump and what my bump
currently looks like because I realized
that something that's been missing from
these updates it's something that I was
initially really kind of self-conscious
of doing when I didn't really have a
bump and now I actually have like a baby
bump I'm okay with showing you guys I
don't know if I'm gonna show you like
the naked bomb I haven't decided that
yet
but I'll show you like how big my bump
is getting because it's getting pretty
big so first of all how has it been the
last month I found the last month I'm
just gonna show you this because it's
really cute it's like cuddling up to my
bum are you giving her a cuddle she
gonna be your buddy good guys you're
such hooligans anyway the last month has
actually been so nice and so easy I have
felt amazing I've got my energy back
I've been feeling really happy and
myself I have a few like self-confidence
blips occasionally but in general like
since I've had like a proper bump I've
just absolutely loved it
and it's getting to the point now where
people like will say like oh when you do
and stuff because I'm like obviously
pregnant rather than like that moment
where you're like is she pregnant or she
just got a bit of a belly I don't know
so yeah that's been really really nice
and I've been really enjoying it um I'm
almost I'm actually really confused
about the dates almost you 23 weeks
which is technically I think at 24 weeks
you're 6 months
but it's not actually six months because
there's more than four weeks in a month
there's like four and a half weeks so
it's kind of confusing with the months
it's just gone so quickly
second trimester is definitely like as
good as they say it's like the honeymoon
period of being pregnant I've absolutely
loved it
everything has been fine I've had my 20
week scan and she was fine the baby was
actually really really stubborn she
wouldn't move
so the sonographer who was lovely was
like she was her face
and I have my scans privately so she was
trying to like get the like 4d scan as
well to show me her face and she the
baby was like this the whole time so
I'll show the pictures here the 41
obviously 20 weeks is quite early to do
the 41 anyway but they just do it to
kind of show you and then like if you
want to print off you can have one you
don't like pay extra for it so that was
not very good but the actual scan went
really well and we got we have like a
little picture of her little face and
her head and yeah everything was perfect
like her growth all their organs
everything that they checked and checked
again because she wouldn't move and she
was in a really awkward position we
ended up being in there for about half
an hour and I had to like get up and
jiggle around to try and like make her
move about I feel her move every day now
which is really nice she's like usually
really active in the evenings when I go
to bed she's normally has like a little
bit of a kick around and then in the
mornings when I wake up which I love
because I love waking up in the mornings
and I like roll over onto my back and
then put my hands on my tummy and kind
of feel sometimes I talk to her like
morning baby hello and she'll like she
does kind of like move around a bit I
have noticed she reacts to sound and
stuff like we went to the cinema to see
Dunkirk this week and but like finally
to see squid stopped rolling on my new
rug dogs really stop it
can I just show you this before I show
you the rug I'm gonna show you the dog
rolling around now she starved she was
like properly rolling on my fluffy rug
not impressed so we finally went to see
Dunkirk and it's like really loud I was
he goes it's a war Phil busted busted
you will you stop
stop it I know it's nice and sunny and
it's a nice fluffy rug but stop yeah so
it's not a war film so there's like
loads of banging like really loud noises
and she was flipping around to it
so that was cool so she doesn't move
around everyday the only issues I've had
have been I'm still having like the
occasional pelvis pain and lower back as
well but I had a bad lower back before I
got pregnant so I'm just like maxing
relaxing it's pretty really unflattering
angle I had a really bad back before I
got pregnant anyway my like my lower
back I've had it since I was 17 and it's
always been kind of an issue so I kind
of wasn't surprised that that's been
irritating me a little bit here and
there but generally it will kind of
alternate between my pelvis on my back
and then my clicky hip which actually
doesn't hurt usually it's one of those
things a day rather than all three of
them together so it's been alright I'm
kind of concerned for like when the baby
gets big and heavy that my pelvis is
gonna be bad but what can you do fingers
crossed I've been kind of trying to be
careful like getting in and out of cars
and putting like my clothes on and stuff
because there's certain things you can
do basically just keep your knees
together as much as you can when you're
doing stuff like that but it's not bad
at the moment so yeah that's it in terms
of how I'm feeling and the scan it's all
been awesome in terms of the nursery you
will notice I am sitting on my new chair
sorry piggy I'm gonna move you you could
model the chair okay rearrange the
cushions that I've been sitting on so
these were the cushions that I showed
you guys last time that I've got this
little dude is supposed to be sitting up
not sitting like that this is the chair
which is from loaf in lagoon velvet I'm
not sure if that throw is staying there
I don't know if it really goes but like
the color scheme I'm going for in here
is very much like this blue with the
kind of like mustard a yellow with the
occasional bit of pink like I like the
moon cheek here that's got the pink on
it but I think this blanket probably go
somewhere else this blanket is actually
really really beautiful this is this was
a birthday present from my brother and I
loved it I think it's so nice so yeah
that will probably go
like a actual blanket for the baby so
that's new
piglets not new the fluffy rug is new
this is like a faux fur fluffy rug in
the middle of the floor which I really
like
the glycine here is crazy at the moment
so you can't really see but I also
bought one for underneath the cot and
we'll talk about the cot in a minute but
it's not really big enough and think
that's going to go somewhere else
the cot is built okay this was not my
decision basically this cot arrived from
Stocki and this is a cot that I wanted
like ever since I first saw this car was
like it's amazing it's cute of the round
cot and it turns into a bed it has like
extensions and stuff and this arrived in
a box I asked Mike to take the box
upstairs
he was like yeah okay I come up like 20
minutes later and he's building it I was
like Mike this is really bad luck you're
not supposed to build a cot yet but it's
there it's done now I haven't like made
it up or anything but I'm a little bit
superstitious about having the coop when
I'm still like only 23 weeks but fingers
crossed everything will be fine
so yeah this is the cot Stocki mini sake
sleepy it's called and I absolutely love
it and I'm gonna possess it all up I'll
show you guys when I do a full nursery
tour you'll be able to see like
everything set up and it's gonna look
really cute so that's a little cot and
then what else do we have in here some
new clothes that I've bought there's a
few things I don't know if I showed you
these yet I don't think I did let me
take them I'll put them on the rug on
the floor or I might know I'm gonna get
dogs if I do that let's not do that
let's keep them in here so this is from
Jules this is a little baby grow
coloring what size I got that in I think
it's like naught 2 3 and that was on
sale from quite expensive actually loved
that she'll stuff it's from 20 pounds to
795 I thought that was really really
gorgeous and then I also got a few of
these which are the Wonder suits from a
company called bonds which is an
Australian company and these came really
really highly recommended online because
they are the zip sleep suits and they're
like double zippered so you can sneak
them out change the nappy
lip that way whatever and they're just
meant to be really quick and easy and
they have the foot turnovers as well as
the
and turnovers so you can give them feet
if you want to give them feet or not
give them feet if you don't give them
mittens so they let scratch their face
if you want to so I got that in this
color these what I think they were all
on sale actually on John Lewis the
cheapest place I found them online
because they're normally about 20 pounds
each or something and I think I've got
them for about 11 or something so I got
that one which is like a kind of like
sparkly print and then I got this floral
one which I really like and then these
are all set up because they're kind of
newborn sizes I was gonna wash them
before I use them this isn't a Danann a
one I got given which actually looks
very skinny it looks very long as the
tsukimi so there's that and then I also
bought oh my god these things are so
adorable so I bought a few outfits from
fawn point when I was in Vista Village a
couple of weeks ago with my friend REE
bond point is one of those baby shops
that no joke the tops I look at this
this original price was 77 pounds for a
baby top like that
outrageous like outrageously expensive
it's not somewhere I would ever ever
shop full price because it's just crazy
crazy expensive
but in Vista Village sometimes it's
still really expensive but sometimes
they have insane sales on and I went in
and they were having an amazing sale so
I ended up getting a couple of pairs of
their baby leggings these were reduced
to 10 pounds each and they are oh my god
so so soft just it's still quite
expensive for baby leggings but
beautiful and I love this color results
like a sky blue kind of gray color these
are all in six months as well which is
three to six because they come up small
apparently I got this little top which I
think was reduced to about 12 pounds so
cute again in six months I got the pink
leggings as well and I just went to look
for this other one because this was the
other thing I got and I'd actually hung
it up but this was the other top this is
to go with the grey leggings like that
and then the pink ones go with those
with that top even and I think this was
reduced to about 14 pounds or something
so I got that with the pink leggings I'm
like messing all of this up then I got
sent this this is a white company little
bit
we grow just like a vest long-sleeve
vest it's got a little sheep on it super
super cute I got sent this one by a
subscriber to my management offices I
don't have a pa box guys and please
don't ever feel like you need to or
should send me stuff but she actually
like found the management address and
sent this really cute baby girl all the
way from New Zealand which is super cute
so thank you so much for that it's
gorgeous it's from nature baby I think
it's so cute just like a little vest
floral vest super cute that would
actually look cute with these little
leggings and a cardigan and then there's
another wonder wonder suit which is the
white stuff to wash with pink stars on
it so yeah that's all they're like
clothing update for this month and then
I'll sort those out later they're all
everything is so organized in here I'm
like such a geek I also have this little
beanie I kind of where this came from
but you have that and then there's all
the Sleepy stuff there I have a whole
load of Tommee Tippee stuff that I got
scent bottles sterilizer breast pump all
of that kind of stuff which I put on my
Instagram stories when it arrived
there's also some event stuff there as
well I got sent which was very exciting
I haven't had the chance to even think
about looking at any of this yet so that
is for another day one thing that I have
actually tried is out of the box is this
which I when I first found out that I
got pregnant and I was kind of looking
at baby stuff this was one of the first
things that I found it's from a brand
called Cybex and it's called their yema
baby carrier and this is the coolest
looking baby carrier ever and i did
quite a lot of research into it and i
was like when i get a baby carrier i
think that's the one i want to get it's
basically gorgeous and they got in touch
with me and offered to send it to me I
was like yes that would be awesome and
it's actually out of the box because
it's over here I've been using it with
my little niece so I was babysitting my
niece yesterday and I tested it out on
her and it is so adorable like it is
just the most cutest thing ever and she
fell asleep within about 5 seconds so
I'm a fan of that what else has arrived
oh I also got these baby socks from my
auntie for my birthday I'm super cute I
got some matching ones so cute I also
ordered these and need to wash these as
well these are muslin squares and these
are from a company it's a small company
it's basically just set up by a mum
called Etta loves and she does these
like sensory black-and-white baby
muslin so you can like lay them down on
them or put them over your shoulder when
you're feeding them or whatever a baby
see them black and white the first few
weeks and they absolutely love staring
at black and white patterns apparently
so yeah I thought these are really cute
they weren't the cheapest I don't know
22 pounds for the three but I just
thought they were really really nice I
love black and white stuff for babies
and then a few more things that I got
sent since the last time I updated you
guys some more muslins these are from a
brand called mama designs actually put
these on my Instagram as well these are
super cute they have like pineapples and
stuff on them
and then lastly for newness this little
fella who's still in his pack because as
you can tell by these guys being in here
there's a lot of dogs around log-dog
action all the time and I know that they
would think this is a dog bed and try
and sleep on it but yeah this is so cute
it's basically a giant bunny rabbit
playmat that baby can lie on super cute
don't come into my guest room to show
you my bump because I think it's gonna
be tricky to do it otherwise taking my
jumper off as well so you can see so
this is me at the moment I just got a
strappy top and some leggings on so from
the front I'm like still looking I don't
know fairly fairly similar I've
definitely put some weight on around
here and here which is to be expected
but then from the side this is my little
bomb it's so weird like actually looking
at it is so strange yeah she's really
really grown I've also caught a little
bit weight on my upper arms but she's
growing nicely the one thing I wanted to
you guys about I might do hang on I'm
gonna see what this looks like so this
is my bear belly bump so I don't really
have the lion yet I don't think as far
as I can see or tell I don't really have
the line but yeah so that's my like
naked me
that's my naked belly buff it's very
weird okay I'm gonna put it away now so
yeah that is my kind of body update but
one thing I wanted to ask you guys about
obviously I've got my belly button
pierced in case you didn't see that and
I haven't taken it out yet because it
hasn't got to the point yet where the
skin is stretched and I think that's the
point for me that I'm gonna be like I
need to take it out but have any of you
guys had babies and had a belly button
piercing what did you do with it did it
marks it scar like did you take it out
and put it back in so you just take it
out cuz I would take it out but the
problem is for me I've had it pierced
twice because I had it when I was 17 and
it never properly healed and I took it
out and it's guard really badly so
instead of just having a scar there I
was like I'm just gonna get it done
again and I got it done again and it
healed perfectly and I have then that
was when I was about 18 and I've never
had a problem with it so it's over ten
years ago but now it's getting to the
point where what cuz my tummy is
sticking out when I wear like a
crossbody bag it like chafes against my
tummy
um I've now got a squidge here and she's
like sneezing in my face
delightful you guys are in for the shock
of your lives when this baby arrives so
yeah I it like chafes against the change
of my handbag so I'm kind of undecided
like I would like to be able to keep it
and put it back in afterwards if that's
feasible but there's not that much info
online like well there's a lot of
conflicting opinions online like that
you should put a like flexible bar in it
or like a really long flexible bar and
all that kind of stuff but I think when
it gets really tight my tummy's really
big I think it's gonna be like not
comfortable to do that so let me know if
you have experience with belly button
piercings and baby bumps because that's
the current question that I have and
apart from that
I think that's probably gonna be it I'm
like buzzing from showing my belly on
the internet like oh what's your prude
so yeah I hope you guys have enjoyed
this little update of where I'm at with
my pregnancy yeah super happy this month
super super happy and I hope and also
just wanted to say as well massive thank
you to all of you for being so lovely
about this video is because obviously
it's not my normal content and I'm just
so like overwhelmed by how many of you
are watching them and how many of you
are writing such lovely things and how
many of you mums as well
it's just so awesome like honestly it's
like a whole new world this kind of
mummy stuff for me so it's so nice to
have your support and like lovely
comments and stuff whilst I'm going
through everything and also just to like
a lot of reason why I started in YouTube
in the first place was like to find
Beauty people like that you know like
other people with similar interests and
beauty and stuff and it's just so cool
that that's kind of extended into babies
now as well I'm really waffling now I'm
gonna go I hope you guys enjoyed this
video I very much enjoyed making it I
hope you're all having great day and
yeah let me know in the comments below
if you've got any tips hints tricks
questions I don't know if I'm one to be
able to answer any of your questions
these dogs are an absolute nightmare I
think I'm gonna have to go and have to
feed them I think it might be time for
for the snacks okay I will speak to you
soon and we start waffling now and say
goodbye bye bye
