good morning from Costa Rica guys I
sound so hoarse today it is quite early
it's about 20 past 7 and today we're
heading on a hike I'm wearing the most
bizarre out forever I want to sit wear
like a long sleeve shirt but I don't
really have any long sleeve gym like
workout shirts that like aren't really
hot so I'm wearing this linen shirt with
my gym leggings and trainers to go for a
hike I'm gonna look like a weirdo but
I'm gonna be mosquito free guys I'm
gonna go meet the girls now and yeah
hike somewhere I feel like we're gonna
go up I'm gonna see some epic views and
I'm excited about it it's actually
starting off sweaty already I feel like
how sweaty before even left my room this
morning so humid it's the neverending
stares guys the UK contingent have
slightly fallen time what we think is it
winter no I think it is winter here I
think it's like someone our cuz I didn't
know that someone tweeted me saying the
best time to come is like December to 8
dying in the background you all right
this sweat is a real situation right now
guys if it's not pressing it it's really
wet do you guys mind being on camera I
mean this is the sexiest we've ever been
as a group I think collectively I mean
the sweat is literally dripping off my
chin check out the few guys the sweating
was worth it get the monkey guys there's
more above us I'm like uh-huh but
there's a cute one they're like I want
to zoom in tomorrow wants to take him
home tomorrow one's always loads of them
look all behind him no don't come here
he might bite he's having a scratching
his bark
tomorrow's monkey friend is coming to
get her she made monkey monkey noises
look at this guy
I've never seen a monkey in real life
before I don't think guys this is cute
the monkey is actually coming for
tomorrow should I come here monkeys oh
that's sweet looking in your face it's
when he like leaps at you and jumps onto
your head we made it to the beach guys
this is the end of the hike and I am so
happy yeah I actually feel like going
yet in the sea fully clothed right now
because I am really disgusting and
smelly but it's beautiful it was worth
it this is so nice look it can't be
wrong in Costa Rica we just got to the
breakfast area look at it guys
overlooking the beach and they've got
everyone's names written on palm leaves
it's so cute
so we're meant to be going up lining
right now Susie has limped out she's
scared of heights so she is not coming I
mean I've like basically forcing
tomorrow to do it Keep Watch what is
choking it down with brain which kind of
sucks for filming as well but I hope
it's gonna be fun I've always wanted to
do this and Costa Rica is like the place
to do it as well apparently this is a
really good look got the gloves on guys
they are giant as well I think we're
gonna do some like you got testing right
here
tomorrow's freaking out just a little
bit right now I wasn't scared until now
and this is scary good
tim-tom is on the zipline ready this is
the scariest part so far guys were
walking on this walkway
I'm also vlogging and I feel like I
might just die this is insanely scary oh
my God look how high we are so far so
good guy that's actually not too bad I
don't know if tomorrow would agree with
that I mean so we've just realized that
we have to do this bridge tease freaking
oh okay we're going come on
tomorrow I'm gonna start jumping up and
down if you don't go faster this is
actually really scared the worst part is
you have to take your hand off to go
that's the worst part right just don't
look down keep going oh it's really
shaky now there's loads of us on it
oMG I'm catching you up tdawg are you
scared
this is the highest and the longest one
I think nothing so scary is the bridge
that we had to walk on literally five
lobby lobby Oh
hola this is the scary one guys we've
got to go up on that platform it's
pretty fast if we do that guys I feel so
home sweaty right now but I'm very proud
of tomorrow because she's again and she
did it herself the guy had to come and
rescue him he like moves so quick yeah
it was good
I cannot wait to have a shower Corona
girls muggy right now guys on our way
apparently and my camera is fogging up
cuz it's so freakin humid I've washed my
hair twice today because I have sweated
through the hair it's not good foggy it
looks like it's foggy it's not we're
having a pool party and the monsoon rain
guys let me put my drink down cuz it's
oh my god I have a boss you turn my
drink that's not cool
get out of there I also have a popsicle
in my champagne
anywhere I love so I've just gone ready
for dinner
I feel like my light is flashing like
it's lightning it's not lightning it's
my lamp in my room we got like like an
hour ago
and I've literally been like a zombie I
feel like exhausted right now I feel
like lunchtime was dinner for me and now
it's just like the middle of the night
at home so I'm like jet lag is making me
feel very odd but I've got change for
dinner and I thought I would show you my
outfit really quickly I'm wearing
another maxi skirt so I am wearing a
shirt on my top half which is from Free
People this is old probably like two
years old and then my skirt is a maxi
skirt from Zara which is even older than
that I feel like this is probably about
four years old I really like it and one
of the reasons is is that it's not too
long like every single maxi skirt I ever
buy because I'm like five three I have
to take up but this one is fine and then
I have my little mint green Valentino
bag and then I'm also wearing my
Valentino sandals not that you can
really see them but yeah that is it my
hair is kind of crazy because we've been
at a pool party and I washed it twice
already today so I wash it again so I
just kind of blow dried and it's gone a
little bit crazy but I'm just gonna deal
with that just rolling with it that's
gonna need some food oh my goodness guys
I didn't actually flog any of dinner
because I've had the worst stomach ache
the whole evening and you know when
you're just trying to like suppress pain
and like just be normal and act normal
and all you can think about is like pain
so yeah I just I don't know what's wrong
with me whether it's something I've
eaten or I hope it's not and I'm not
gonna be really ill tomorrow because
that's what worries me but yeah I'm
basically feeling like absolute crap
right now and it's really annoying so
you had such a fun day like everything's
been so awesome and just really really
fun all day hopefully I'll feel better
in the morning and I'll see you Dan
night guys
