good morning from Costa Rica totally
woke up like this but oMG I can finally
show you outside there's actually a
mosquito net like covering here and some
trees but look at these guys it's the
beach oMG I'm like how close can I get
some mosquito net I can hear the waves
the beach is like there that is sand
right there I cannot wait to explore
today I'm so excited I'm gonna go get
ready and then go meet the girls for
breakfast I literally cannot wait this
looks amazing
so though I would do a quick outfit of
the day before I head out I've just
thrown my hair into like a side ponytail
and put some beach spray in it because
it's gonna get kind of sandy and sea
salty my sunglasses are from key buy it
crispy she's a youtuber but yeah they're
like rose gold really I really really
like these and then I have on this
jumpsuits like a denim it looks like
that in but it's actually not denim it's
kind of like a light denim I wish it had
pockets really annoys me that doesn't
have book is from River Island and then
I have on my Valentino flats and then
I'm taking my Kate Spade bag which is
propping the mirror open because it
moves which has like pom-poms and stuff
on it that is all let's go and get some
breakfast
so we just had under breakfast like she
had some eggs there but I ate them when
I thought about a vlog before I eat the
rest of it I've got like a chicken
frittata thing which I've had a little
taste of it's kind of good
I'm not entirely sure what this is some
kind of like cakey tasty looking thing
and some watermelon and some
strawberries there is a crazy crazy
buffet so I feel like I may go up for
seconds as well I'm so hungry and then I
have this juice which is like cucumber
kale
and something else I can't remember as
we're walking down to the beach after
breakfast is this an iguana oh my God
look at it he's just chilling on the
beach imagine if you were like
sunbathing and that came and I jumped oh
my god look at him you think you see I
only get dangerous he's just chilling
you could not cut a lot look how
beautiful it is guys actually quite
sunny is all we were expecting it to be
like chucking it down with rain this is
one side it's like a beach either side
of the resort there's one here and then
there's one on the other side too we're
gonna go and check it out and see where
we're gonna make our home for the day
I'm on a Sun Lounger right now soaking
up the Sun we actually did not think it
would be sunny this is a bonus for us we
thought was gonna be raining so nice
look at this beach there's like barely
anybody on it either amazing and we got
ice coffees all good so we're sitting by
the pool it's actually gone a little bit
cloudy but it's so nice it's just nice
and warm and I've got a tuna burger for
lunch which looks so tasty and these are
euchre chips I don't know what a Yorker
is apparently something quite similar to
a potato but they've got cheese all over
them so I am happy
so dinner crept up on me like I didn't
even realize and I just have to get
ready in like five minutes so spray some
salt spray in my hair and kind of worked
I feel like it's a good recipe like a
little bit maybe a little bit too messy
and then I've also got on if you guys
can see in this mirror a black maxi
dress this is actually from River Island
via ASOS and I really like it
this is the worst lighting in the world
I don't quite know it's because of that
big light there but yes I'm wearing a
black kind of silky maxi dress with this
little bell which is really old from All
Saints and then I have on my Valentino
sandals as well and I think I'm just
gonna take my big white Kate Spade bag
again because I need to put my camera in
it cuz I think I didn't do some filming
I'm gonna go meet the girls I'm late and
I also burnt my shoulders today which
I'm really annoyed about because I put
on factor 50 everywhere but I must have
just like missed the top of my shoulders
when I was putting on myself this is why
you need Mike to do your shoulders in
your back when you were on holiday so
yeah I've got red shoulders like this
one's really red
chillin having a cocktail on our sofa
and tomorrow is introduced us to this
Instagram account called pumpkin the
raccoon I am not kidding you it is the
cutest thing it is Trevor on the
pictures I want a wreck go and follow
him guys pumpkin the raccoon coolest
Instagram account ever as my new
favorite and as if snapchat were reading
my mind there is now a pumpkin my
long-lost buddy I'm not gonna lie guys
actually looked pretty cute like that I
think it's an improvement we just got to
the dinner venue look at this guys it's
so beautiful and they have a steel bands
well a steel band with a guitar so
amazing this is the cutest layout ever
looking at actual baby pineapple an
actual one who spray-painted gold
actually
look at my dinner guys oh my god this
looks so good sir and sir and some kind
of potato okay I think I've just got
back from dinner and I'm in my little
princess mosquito net I don't know why
being in a mosquito net makes you feel
like a princess but it genuinely does
even though being in a mosquito net
isn't very princessy and I tell you what
else is not princessy these super sexy
mosquito bracelets that I have on all
four of my limbs have them around my
ankles as well guys because I'm just
that sexy if you guys don't know why I
am so kind of mosquito conscious is
because obviously eco virus I'm not
pregnant and I'm not trying to get
pregnant
I know that is like the number one
question that will come up as soon as I
mentioned Zika but yeah there's kind of
a little bit of an in like a discrepancy
about how long it stays in the system
and blah blah blah some people say years
and obviously like I don't I've spoken
about this before in blogs as well like
and people always comment on it like
when you're having kids like do you want
kids things like that I don't want kids
yet but I do want kids in the next few
years so I'd rather not get Zika virus
so when I'm in Central America I am now
I am wearing a very very strong mosquito
repellent and sleeping under a mosquito
net and I have a mosquito plug in and I
have a mosquito thing on my window and I
have bracelets on and I have a lot of
mosquito repellent on my body as well so
hopefully not getting bitten by any
mosquitoes whilst I'm here
I don't even know why I'm talking about
mosquitoes now it's been such a big part
of my life for the past few days in
planning on coming here it's been like
how can I avoid getting bitten by
mosquitoes and so yeah I had such a good
dinner actually it was so nice to catch
up with a lot of people I haven't seen
in a long time I love the style of all
staff who are awesome really great team
and a lot of other youtubers as well and
you know we just had a few glasses of
wine and dinner and had a really nice
catch up I'm now watching old YouTube
videos I don't even know why I feel like
we got talking about
we used to watch like back in the early
days of YouTube and I'm going back and
looking at like my favorite youtubers
from back in the day and like in 2010 or
2009 when I first started YouTube and
like what people were like and how
people have changed and it is hilarious
so if you guys have been watching
YouTube for a long time I would 100%
recommend going back and watching what
people will like because people change
so much it's not so much about like
their personality changing but like the
way YouTube videos are presented and has
changed a lot and like people just grow
up as well which is just really funny
funny this is so funny to see anyway
that's gonna be up today guys I hope you
had a good day today hasn't been that
crazy vlog wise because we've just been
kind of chilling on the beach but
tomorrow we have some fun stuff planned
I know I'm going on a hike at 7:30 a.m.
tomorrow morning it's actually not that
late now I don't depends so earlier it's
a course to 11
I still feel well what Wilder way wide
awake but yeah everyone went to bed
really oh I feel like I'm gonna get a
good night's sleep and then be hiking at
7:30 in the morning so I'll see you
bright and early and I hope you have a
good day guys fine
