good morning beautiful people and
welcome to the first of June I've got
people announcement to make because I am
NOT gonna do daily vlogging this month
and so a lot of you have been asking
about June to force and if it's
happening that you're excited about it
don't worry because I'm still gonna be
blowing loads I'm gonna try something
out over the next couple of months where
I just vlog like a couple of times a
week three times a week instead of
vlogging every day for one month and
then not vlog at all I'm gonna kind of
spread it out a bit so we'll see how it
goes over the next few months if you
guys hate it and it doesn't go down very
well then I'll go back to daily vlogging
don't panic but I'm just gonna try it
out because it ends up being just a
little bit like oh yeah I'm shaken up
I'm done daily Robbie for ages anyway
today Mike is driving kind of so usual
studies we're on our way to the airport
because I'm going to Costa Rica today
and we have been stuck in traffic and
we're gonna be a little bit later than
but we all right I think we hear about
our animals in advance as opposed to my
usual three hours because I'm very very
organized it's dr. let just one out what
why are we late but there's a traffic
service as well I was a bit later
leaving that we'd want to but we stopped
leave a quarter past seven when do we
leave for quarter to eight so I'm going
to Costa Rica where style my network
very excited but we doing where are you
going to we go to America in a couple of
weeks and you're coming yeah yeah take
that so why don't you getting up till my
friend's wedding
yeah you look like a boy sweet riding
bikes you know just cranky pizzas go yes
really pizza I am gonna be
cooking pizzas today so it just sucks to
be you so I'm meeting Susie and tomorrow
also coming up meeting them at the
airport they're coming together because
they're both live in writer so yeah I
think that's 50 rupee - so how we roll
on a rainy Wednesday morning what is
with this weather so this is the first
day of summer tonight some official
British shovel
this does not look like summer
by fish thanks for driving here at the
aeropuerto same as ever season season
baboon I'm in the airport and I found
friend open one tomorrow and Suzy he
looks even smaller than normal because
she's standing down the escalator she's
actually like pretty much the same
height as we are ready to go we're going
to Houston first and hopefully there
will not be a problem that was a
terrible joke yeah it was really bad
we're nearly there often spent over 10
hours on the phone and this situation
out these pies are sitting next to each
other we're talking about beauty
products low maintenance
so he's got managed to get the most
products in her bag
I actually have like I think the biggest
one but I have actual non-liquid sinner
like tissues and stuff and a toothbrush
so we really they're going change rising
l to our second line to Liberia
we made it Houston guys I have the Reta
size in the world not good legs also
pretty good timing a nine I'm like we're
not gonna miss it uh-huh I think we're
pretty good yeah it's right there
sorted we made it look Houston was
raining but we made it we made it onto
the second flight here we go guys
dandelo I think I think I think the
first people on the fly we're like so
organized
catching up on Nashville yeah and it's
sunny above the storms
we've just got to the hotel when getting
really overexcited I don't know I think
it might be a lemur is it a raccoon you
can it's looking for rubbish it's
looking for rubbish oh it's really cute
nobody care I found some rubbish
it's got skill anyway we just got to the
hotel this is what it looks like pretty
epic it's actually really really quiet
I've like woken up now guys let's go
party so I just got to my room guys and
checked in here's my bed with my
mosquito net and my bathroom is in here
I really like this actually because it's
got like a little peeky window into the
bathroom there's me hello and I've got
this amazing balcony out here which I
think it's too dark to be able to see
but I'm gonna try anyway because it's
really really cool if I can open up how
much can you see not very much I reckon
that's probably a light out here there's
definitely a light because there's a
lamp can we turn this on is there a
light switch inside maybe who knows I'm
gonna show you that tomorrow morning
because you can't see but the ocean is
lit pretty like outside my door amazing
so excited I'm hoping that the girls
want to have a pina colada right now go
for drink in the hotel bar because I
have woken up
we've arrived and I've woken up even
though I look like absolute there I'm
feeling good it's Pina Colada time guy
I'm gonna cheers guys pina coladas I've
just got into bed I'm under my musky in
it and I'm gonna call it a night and I
just realized I forgot to turn the TV
off and it is playing like Enya style
music I'm so excited to see what the
resort looks like tomorrow because it's
showing all of these amazing pictures of
it and obviously it's dark now so like
we can't see what it looks like at all
outside so I'm really excited to wake up
in the morning super excited to be here
how cool I have never thought it would
come to Costa Rica and I'm so excited to
just explore just had a really amazing
chilled out bath using my Himalayan
detox salts I feel like I'm not going to
touch my phone my camera for too much
longer because it makes you
literally like her and you're not going
to touch any tech afterwards so plugged
everything in I'm about to pass out it's
a battle it's almost 1 o'clock in the
morning actually so we've done really
well we've stayed up really late so
hopefully I'll get a good night's sleep
and I'll see you in the morning in Costa
Rica super excited and I'll wear makeup
tomorrow I promise I'm not gonna be
looks so ghoulish for you all see you
tomorrow guys
bye
