good morning guys and welcome to a very
special vlog today I'm at home but I'm
about to leave to go to London because
today I am meeting kendall Jenner and
interviewing her for my youtube channel
oh my god
I'm actually super super excited but I'm
really nervous as well because I don't
know she's gonna be like I hope she's
nice
I just got ready to go and I feel like I
need to put more makeup on I just you
know like I'm trying to get the right
balance of like being cool and casual
because it's like a daytime interview
versus actually looking really good on
camera so we will see and Kendall's like
the most low-key of all of the
Kardashian crews I feel like she'll
probably be pretty low-key so I don't
want to turn up like super dressed up
and then she's like in jeans and a
t-shirt like yeah whatever
but yeah oh my god I can't wait it's
also actually the first day I've woken
up at home in a while and I don't want
to leave these guys I so wanted to take
piglet with me today I feel like it's
actually going on in a swanky hotel and
I don't think they would let either of
you in piglet maybe more so a chance
than you squidge but I don't think you
would be allowed even though I think
Kendall likes dogs I think she'd like
you piggy who couldn't like you I made
it London I'm now in Kingston on my way
row which swearing at my hair done with
my friend Gareth and we places catch up
with emotion you haven't seen him in a
while also excited to cut my hair dancer
that looks like the video because it's
approaching rapidly there's only a few
hours left guys and I'm nervous so she a
really beautiful day in London it was
freezing at home so Sun about new grab
some lunch in there
I can eat while she's doing it I've got
some dying my hair Gareth is here
cleaning his little station and I was
just telling him about my new camera I'm
filming this on the g7x mark 2 which is
the second version of my camera so if
you guys notice the difference let me
know in the comments from looking at the
screen it looks really really pressed so
I'm excited to see how it turns out yeah
now we just wait for the hair now back
in central London I'm on my way to the
Estee Lauder offices to get my makeup
done probably more of a touch episode
you already have makeup on but obviously
you don't want to be looking and rubbish
with interviews so I'm really happy with
my hair actually they kind of changed
the color a little bit well gareth
straight skeleton of a gareth kind of
toned it down a little bit darker and a
little bit cooler tones i feel like we
just messed up as well see how that is
what's happening now getting more
nervous it's actually so hot and
unloosed as well i am melting the
officers now we've got a little makeup
room set up and look at my view you can
see all the way down Berner Street very
cool and this is and some of the lovely
products she is using over there sneak
peek what color is this I think I have
this one they seen in the flesh which I
don't know I don't know if I have I've
got one of the new ones and I can't
remember which one I own quite similar
yeah what do you think eyes improvement
I'm currently waiting in the lobby of
the London Edition hotel
it's like this is myself I can cause
okay waiting in the mist guys on my way
to meet Kendall in the penthouse here we
go
but it went pretty well she's very nice
I can't wait for you guys to see the
video got some good beauty tips I think
I think you guys are gonna like it it's
already gonna be on when this goes up so
no I just feel like a crazy person
whispering in a corridor so I'm probably
gonna go and get the train home now and
now I can also take my heels off and put
my trainers back on it's so glamorous
just go back in my car after the longest
train journey and actually wasn't the
longest train journey but the train was
like 45 minutes longer than normal so
I'm now quite late to get home it's only
ten past eight but I feel like I'm
really hungry because I ate lunch in
like half 12 and I have some really
small because I'm feeling nervous but on
the plus side the weather is amazing so
I'm actually going to roof down in my
car which does not happen very often
when you live in England I'm not gonna
let the late rain dampen my day because
the Sun is out and that is all too rare
in England I'm gonna go home cook some
dinner see the dogs see Mike I'm also
actually super happy because I've just
got the feedback from my latest vlog
which went up today which was the one
about YouTube as a job if you guys
haven't seen it already then go and
check it out we'll be on this channel so
I thought he really nervous about
putting that live because nobody really
talks about doing YouTube as a job to be
honest like it's kind of a bit of a sort
of taboo subject but I feel like a lot
of people kinda shaky about it like
don't tell people so I was quite nervous
about putting it up and what the
reaction would be but the comments so
far genuinely have been so lovely and it
just really blew me away because I
didn't really know what to expect
I knew there'll be some people would
really appreciate it but there literally
have been like no bad comments so far so
you know I was super super happy with
that and I'm excited to get home I'm
home till Wednesday now which I've
barely been home this month so I feel
like I'm just so excited to get home
spend some time
I've got to do a lot of filming tomorrow
but I feel like it's just gonna be good
to just chill I'm gonna stop talking now
and actually go home yeah home now with
this one you just busted him kissing me
on the head ready always on snapchat
this is the problem with snapchat
snapchat new vlog and it just confuses
everything I'm cooking at my dinner now
this is quinoa and I got my hair in it I
think you said you didn't want any
dinner just kidding you trying to catch
me out don't eat all about putting it in
like you better not yeah so I put a bit
too much water in here so it's taking
ages to cook and I'm kind of like in two
minds whether or not to train a bit out
or whether to just have it really like
overcooked and mashed potato eaters
question you should be volume this you
should be volume the correct cooking
Gary right now what you're not actually
cooking something in a piece rather
lying she I came home I saw the peaks
oven lit and ready to go and I was like
always cooking me a pizza no don't eat
all of that I'm telling you now ask me
it's genuine what the best freezer
I mean is it good I'm gonna go and put
some pajamas on need to come so what's
your movie off a little tour
do-do-do-do-do
oh hello there what's going on here is
like nothing no step back could cook you
and then so you put that on and then you
push it to one sherry to one side I mean
abuse is in I'm hungry
if it's a weight in treacle these guys
why is fire so mesmerizing I can't stop
looking at it here's my dinner guys it's
steaming up the camera lens but this is
quinoa with spinach and mushrooms and a
little bit of shritha as well yeah now
push what you're doing over there
anything to report over there no nothing
to report second night in a row she sat
on her own on the other sofa anti-social
someone's being a little bit more snugly
now little boogie-woogie
we are currently watching TV watching a
film called the fifth wave with Chloe
Moretz in it and it's good so far do you
like it so far not bad not bad at all
that's probably gonna be it for tonight
guys I've had a crazy day but it's been
awesome and thank you guys for always
supporting me and being so cool because
without you none of this cool stuff
would happen to me it's pretty amazing
and Piglet says thank you too because
well it's not really a reason because
she just loves you speak to you soon see
you soon guys bye
