good morning guys and welcome to my
third and final day in Vegas it's really
noisy in there right now because we're
waiting to go into the benefit event
which is why we're here we don't
actually know about any products yet
we've been here like three days and an
open top secret so we're about to go and
see what they are launching and with
tomorrow and hearty robust on their
phones trying to snapchat right now this
is insane
I have never seen anything like it this
is so cute guys like we have our little
station they have our names with
tomorrow's worth and then I'm here we're
in like the little UK booth representing
this is so crazy
it's like a brow Club for breakfast with
a mimosa and I have a feeling there
might be something interesting there no
this is the first thing guys they have a
brow primer I've never seen a brown
primer what does the proud prime a brow
prime even exist was this the one thing
that's like doesn't exist you look at
this has like this crazy applicator
interesting so this is the whole
collection all together guys there are
so many products I've just been trying
it all out they've redone browsing
they've got a clear brow gel they have
this is really interesting actually they
have like a a highlighter like a
shimmering slightly metallic sounds
weird but it actually is really good it
gives you like a bit more kind of
dimension to your brows they've got new
shades of gimme brow new packaging as
well which is really really good cabral
which is like a mod they have a primer
this is actually my no that's not my
favorite one this is the the thicker
brow pencil it's kind of like like
slightly triangular shape just like the
Tom Ford one but a bit finer I think
it'll be better and then they've
reformulated high brow to make them like
software and creamier there's actually
two colors as well which are on the back
of my hand already and then this is my
favorite this is a precisely my brow
which is the really skinny brow pencil
like I just the packaging is awesome but
it's like it's tiny
super cool I'm having a pretty sinful
brunch which in true American style I've
got waffles on the same play as potatoes
it's crazy but it's good
so cool in here this is my new friends
she's got a cave there's a gift freak
happening right now you need good props
props I mean you can't like you can't
see the faces best operas half-price or
animals oh my god no that is a good
I mean sunglasses most oh wait wait hang
on hang on with us I could be biking
maybe a little bit of time off light
good thing so we came to shopping and we
weren't right and it's right I mean big
shot there
we weren't intending on coming in flora
and then we spotted
I actually use one of the practices that
Pat McGrath done basically I actually
used one yesterday evening when I was
getting ready with heart-egy this is
amazing you have to try it you have to
try it but I know where to get one I
kind of expensive but look at the
packaging it's insane I don't think
these are out in England yeah but like
it comes in a pack of sequins like this
is ridiculous ridiculously awesome but I
mean I don't know I want to get one why
not know which color is out the
packaging is not fantastic I agree I
think it's meant to be basic there oh
the brush is nice very nice brush is
really nice as I like to say yeah this I
mean the product sitting is nice gold or
pain so we've stopped for a little bit
of sushi for lunch it feels like
midnight right now it is about three
o'clock in the afternoon but I have had
nicely actually like I feel like a
zombie I have some seriously delicious
food on the table though I've got this
crazy pickled cucumber like kimchi salad
which tomorrow thinks his hideous she's
like I'm not eating that
and I also got some Toro and jalapeno
roll and uni sushi she's snapchatting me
blogging at Mike and some uni sushi
which I'm excited eat and that is it and
because we're so dehydrated we have a
whole bottle of water each true story on
our way to the airport like three to
nine hours delayed and like three hours
late we're getting at home at some point
evening since such a cool trip I feel
I believe i'm currently sporting my
benefit embarrassing me and a couple of
subscribers just stopped me waiting for
the car I was like this is really bad
I'm in my like geeky hoodie that has
pink brows it's like my new favorite
thing I'm gonna wear this all the time
and it also says brow games drawing on
the body made it onto the plane guys I'm
just taking awake I am ready to sleep I
have got I don't know if I showed you
guys this yet this is my new phone cover
from Urban Outfitters and I'm like
obsessed with it's like mother-of-pearl
look at it I could just stare at it for
hours
anyway I've got my earplugs so I don't
have to listen to tomorrow talking she's
strapped so much and I've got my my eye
mask which smell that lavender which I
don't need because I'm gonna go sleep
anyway but it's also really pretty I got
this one at Coachella and it's from
holistic take off this usually going to
bed so I'm looking a little different to
the last time you saw me I actually
didn't vlog yesterday cuz I got back
from the flight and went straight to a
Hendy yeah it was really fun as um I was
jet like the right way so I was awake
mike is here we have been hanging out
yesterday and anything to say see you in
a while just lots of fun stuff wild
crazy parties gossiping oh my god so
many bad days I'm just crazy with you
show up so that's gonna be it for this
vlog thank you for coming with me to
Vegas guys and thank you to benefit for
taking me it was so much fun I'll see
you again very soon
I hope you have an amazing day Mike's
driving like a maniac my gosh
