good morning guys and welcome to my
second Vegas vlog it's actually about
midday right now because I spend the
last when I even wake up I woke up at
about 6:00 I had like three hours sleep
it's not good but whatever I woke up at
6:00 I've been working for the last six
hours
it's now yeah midday so I've been
filming all morning I've done like four
videos so I'm now on the way to the pool
to meet some of the other girls and I'm
actually taking my laptop with me
because they just message us saying you
can work by the pool if you want there's
like a Cabana with plugs and shade and
stuff so I might try and get video
edited cuz I meant to putting one of
them up tomorrow and if I don't edit it
now I feel like I'm not going to because
I know tarty is coming into town at
lunchtime today so I kind of want to
hang out with her I have not she's going
to Nikki oh I'm pretty sure she's she's
meant to be coming but I don't know what
time she gets in so who knows where the
day will take us the Sun is out of
course because we're in the desert
so yeah let's do this don't be in
tomorrow I currently make super geeky by
the pool working but this is where we
are this is our own private little pool
how cool is that
spicy tuna roll for lunch yes baby so
I've been hanging out the pool with the
benefit guys for the past few hours it's
been so fun actually and so nice to get
this done as well I think I might got a
little bit burnt and when I excited
starts at my dress back on like a total
English Luther so pale
I've just got a text message from tarty
and she says she's annoyed so I'm on my
way to her room to go and see her
because I can't wait to catch up like
yeah I feel like it's like a mile walk
though and my shoes are really
uncomfortable I'm also wearing a
slightly see-through pool dresses like
white but you can see my swimsuit
underneath it through the hotel
oh good so guys I am now in the room of
a very special person who I haven't seen
in person look at this amazing look nice
I've chopped like six inches off I think
you're at me it looks really really good
thank you
we have been catching up we haven't seen
each other when was awesome so each
other it's been way too long
ages and we've been chatting and getting
ready glamming ourselves up wearing
matching little black dresses tonight
let's do this benefit party yes a pool
party
it's like YouTube prom right now and
we're getting on buses and this Laura
sparkly tune when in Vegas have a spark
applause oh my god guys look at this
this is the why you shouldn't I told you
didn't need Spanx oh my god guys there's
a benefit stage
this is just I think it's going to be
scary
we pretty much Riley and not many people
I've had such a good night I'll tell you
about it in a minute I didn't get them
read but I didn't get a caricature done
the fountain action going on actually
looks amazing
this life I just got back from the party
which was amazing honestly so good
and I was sitting on my balcony I don't
know if you'll be able to hear this but
panic at the disco playing at my hotel
tonight and I can hear them from my
balcony it's like torture like my
teenage favorite bands I love them so
much
and I can hear them playing I write sins
not tragedies right now and I don't even
know where they are like I can't see it
sounds like they're coming from this
direction but that's like the Bellagio
area so they won't be coming they'll be
coming from like somewhere in here and I
just can you hear it
probably at the other tool on the camera
but it's killing me right now I was
probably going to be able to life I had
I mean I can't they're like they're
going for about they're really going for
it I want to be there they had such a
good night it was actually so lovely to
catch up with hearty and Nikki and to
see lots of other cool people as well
and yeah people that I knew also people
that I don't know but I know from
YouTube which is pretty awesome it's a
really really fun evening I've ordered
some room service now and it's gonna
take about half an hour so I would've
tried to stay awake so I hate dinner yet
I'm literally like propping my eyes open
with matchsticks I'm gonna go and see if
I can listen to any more of panicle
disco I feel like this will be their
last song though because it's like their
most famous one so sad times didn't get
to see them but maybe next time you
never know guys I'll see you in the
morning bye
