good morning guys and welcome back so
today I have a bit of a special vlog for
you all because I'm in Vegas so this is
my view from my room I'm actually
staying at the Cosmopolitan I'm here for
three days with benefits I'm actually
not gonna do a room tour now because
we're heading out to go on a helicopter
ride to the Grand Canyon which I'm so
excited about I've always wanted to do
this and I actually booked it a few
years ago for Mike's birthday and it had
to be cancelled because of bad weather
so we didn't end up doing it in the end
and I'm really really excited I'm here
like I said with benefit but also with
tomorrow from the grandma glitter so I'm
gonna vlog my three days in Vegas I'm
also so excited because it's actually an
international bloggers trip so there's
loads of the American girls are coming
to Tati's coming and Nicki's coming and
a few other girls I know so I'm really
excited to catch up with them they all
don't arrive until tomorrow afternoon
because obviously we're coming quite a
lot further we flew out last night it's
helicopter time girls looking so glad
right now I mean come on
so we've just landed in the Grand Canyon
and it's so awesome check this out guys
I've been here before and seen it from
like the viewing platform but I've never
actually flown in to the bottom white
helicopter and it was really awesome
Tamara's currently being a pro
photographer and telling me I need to go
and stand over there and have pictures
taken so we just got the helicopter it
was so much fun is actually really
awesome and Samara made me do like some
kind of info you might be seeing back to
maybe do it over a shelving so we're
just walking through the Cosmopolitan to
find some food and this is where we were
last night it's the chandelier of our
the whole bar is in like this giant
sparkly chandelier it's pretty cool
we're grabbing some lunch and one of the
restaurants in our hotels food at Mila
apparently it's a great place and this
is my starter looks very yummy tomato
salad and feta this is my main it's
prawn to couscous and it looks so so
good it's like my ideal one so tomorrow
I just went into her secret
me buying t-shirt bra I got to share
ours
this one came out with like pretty sexy
underwear I'm not gonna lie but they
were also having this steal wait if you
buy a bra I wanted three bras anyway and
you buy the matching knickers you get
free perfume so I now have three
perfumes but gifts for everybody when I
go home we're now walking into possum
Body Works and they have the oh no it's
two for twenty dollars in our single
whip this is dangerous because I mean I
have a lot of space left in my baggage
allowance oh they're like cinnamon spice
vanilla the lady just told her she'll
give us two for 24 because it was only a
couple of days ago and because we're
from England
the Bellagio fountains are going off
we're waiting to cross the road and it
is hotter than the Sun we snuck into the
Bellagio and they read you their garden
I think it's like twice a year look how
pretty it is they have this turtle is
not so pretty though I don't like well
look at the flowers are so nice
we're having a coffee break I have all
the foam just all the foam I've just got
back to my room after shopping I thought
I would do a quick room tour because I
have a bit of time to kill and the room
is really beautiful we're staying like I
said before in the cosmopolitan I've
never stayed here before but it is a
really nice it's very girly so this is
my room when you come in I think this is
the one bedroom room with a terrace I
think it's called but yeah so you come
in and there's like a living room area
with a huge sofa like this sofa is it
would be like 10 people on it I have
another coffee table I really love that
there's like a fashion the fashion book
and there's like really good coffee
table books like all around the room and
I just realized as a motorbike picture
quite good like that and then there's a
really really nice desk there's some
chairs here and then you have this like
little kitchenette area with the minibar
stuff and then you know what it's really
strange is actually not coffee making
stuff unless I've missed it there's the
minibar that's locked so that really
locked
that's strange yeah there's no coffee I
guess you have to order coffee and then
in here is like the dressing area this
is a bit I really love actually because
they have
these wardrobes I've actually unpacked
all my stuff and kind of hung it all up
it's their ridiculous amount of clothes
for three days I know yeah really really
nice spacious wardrobes with these
full-length mirrors actually what is in
this one again it's a mysterious locked
one and then there's like this poof here
which has a couple of things on like my
electrical stuff and then in here is the
bathroom so the bathroom opens up on to
the bedroom as you can see like you can
see through this glass door into the
bathroom so and it has like a sliding
door and everything and this is the
bathroom so it has like the double sink
I know this is a ridiculous amount of
products I can't even begin to explain
and I have such about have I always put
my makeup in the other sink that I'm not
using because I feel like it's such a
good way of being able to like see
everything and so I've got all my
electrics like GHD heaven right there
and then I have like my jewelry and
everything laid out and some benefit
skincare they actually I'm here with
benefit obviously like I told you
earlier they've kissed it out the room
with like all the benefit stuff so I
haven't actually tried the skincare yet
so I might be trying that later tonight
more stuff my skincare whatever and then
you go all the toilets in here as always
like a separate room which actually has
kind of cool sexy wallpaper look at this
it's like ladies but if you look at it
from far away it's just like a pattern
and then you get up close and it's like
sexy ladies and then in here it's kind
of like a wet wall it is a wet room so
there's this shower here which is
actually really amazing but then the
bathtub is a Japanese bath tub these are
my ultimate favorite they're just so
cool little square bath tubs and it
looks out over the strip how cool is
that I love it and I love these tiles
while I like beautiful iridescent
there's a whole pile of benefit goodies
there that were on my bed last night
that I had to take off to actually get
into bed cuz I was too tired to properly
look at those so I haven't actually like
kind of checked them all out and tried
them yet going back in here is the
bedroom they've put this is a benefit
cushion so where the magic happens
and I did just do a little bit of
shopping as you guys know I know think
I'm gonna do a haul because I've done
quite a few hauls recently but I might
just show you
what I got here so I actually picked up
three sets of underwear from Victoria's
Secret and two of them are like nudes
t-shirt bras and like one strapless one
not because I really needed a new
strapless bra and a t-shirt bra because
my other one was like five years old and
just really disgusting but they were
having a crazy sale where if you buy a
set so like a bra and panties you get a
free perfume so I got the Victoria's
Secret
very sexy now and then I got this one I
actually got two of these because I'm
probably only gonna keep one of these
and give these two away as gifts I just
thought was a really good deal and I was
buying bras anyway so I basically just
had to get pants and you always need new
pants right so I got those and then I
also got two candles from Bath and Body
Works cinnamon spiced vanilla midnight
blue citrus which she recommended to us
and it smells so good guys this is what
I got from Sephora these two are
actually point-like perk things and this
is a gift so many cinema secrets for one
of the girls on the trip with us because
she hadn't tried it for him I'm talking
about it last night so I'm gonna take
that with me tonight
but I also picked up just a couple of
things while four things the new Tarte
mascara I haven't heard anything about
this before but it looks really good so
I picked that up and I also got the
tightest blush palette which has four
colors in it all of which are amazing
I'm so in love with the Tassler in bloom
palette I had to pick this up look at
the packaging to die for and it has four
if the Amazonian clay blushes in it all
of which are really nice colors I feel
like this is going to be like an
everyday color for me so so nice so I'm
excited to try that and then I also got
that Anastasio liquid lipstick these
were sold out and loads of colors but
this looked so good it's stripped but I
actually tried it on and it's just a bit
pale for me if you guys know deployment
on snapchat that's what I've kind of
tried it on if you missed it it's kind
of just a little bit too pale for me and
it's also so dry like I put it on and
then I had a coffee and I felt like my
lips are gonna fall off it was so dry so
I don't know how I feel about that we'll
see but I also picked up these little
blotting strips they're a Japanese brand
called toucher
japanese beauty papers 30 sheets i
needed some new blotting sheets because
my Mac ones just run out so I got those
and then I got these as my hundred-point
perks this one is my mom it's a mini Tom
Ford rollable 3 mil one perfect handbag
size and they were also doing the
Atelier cologne orange sanguine scent
I'm always so intrigued by this sense
but they're quite expensive so I thought
this was a great chance to get one just
to try out it's a 4 mil spray it smells
really good so that's what I got from
Sephora continuing with the room tour
over here I actually have like this is
all the stuff that was on my bed when I
checked in oh my goodness it's like
christmas has come early it's like
everything benefit I've actually tried a
lot of this stuff there's a few things
that I haven't tried this the super
mattifying gel professional one I
haven't tried what's up like when my
favorite highlighters ever and then I
tried this today actually the zero
tanlines for the first time it's really
good and they also have this like best
night ever
with essentials loads of like it has
like slipper like well like fold-out
shoes a hair tie like loads of bits and
bobs and professional and there and I
think this is just an empty makeup rack
to put everything in they also gave me a
lumi case i have one of these already
but this is the gold version so I'm
excited about that so I'm feeling very
very spoiled by benefit right now and as
you saw this morning here is the
beautiful view I actually just missed
the Bellagio fountains again they just
went off but it's such a nice day blue
skies here and I'm overlooking the strip
so you can see there's like Paris here
not the real Paris the hotel and then
there's flamingo which is one of them I
think it's the oldest casino and it was
the oldest or one of the oldest anyway
Caesars Palace over there this is the
Bellagio all of this is larger and the
Bellagio fountains you can just see the
Venetian up here and then behind it is
Wynn and encore if you can see like the
shimmery bits there
what else can you see Planet Hollywood
just right there as well so I've got
about half an hour to get ready to go
out I feel like I look so shiny right
now I'm like hot really hot so I'm just
gonna get ready to go out I'll show you
my outfit before I go we're going to see
Oh at the Bellagio tonight which I'm
really excited about I've actually seen
it before but it was years ago when I
came with my brief four years ago I want
to say but it was awesome so I'm real
excited for that and then we're going
for dinner it's a quick overview of my
outfit I'm wearing the Vegas jeans guys
these were so controversial in my Hall
that I caught them in it was a very much
love/hate thing so I'm wearing a shirt
from mango which is a plain white shirt
and then I have on this necklace which
is from Susan Kaplan lariat pearl
necklace and then I have my Vegas jeans
I feel like you can't really see this
outfit - well I have my Vegas jeans from
Topshop on and then I have my Topshop
lace-up heels which I like the Beyonder
castano
rip off ones that is my outfit Oh I'm
also taking my YSL clutch so altogether
this mirror is not the best but
altogether it looks like this I hope you
guys like it this is definitely at least
75% sugar drinking for
to redecorate and they're really good
and we're waiting about the ceiling
reasons every beautiful
I was amazing when I'm having dinner in
a place called sage in arias it really
tired
the delirious jetlag nurse you started
shaking a little bit
we're walking back on the little walkway
back to our hotel look at this fruit
that's so pretty eat all this up I'm
really full right now I got back to my
room just in time for the fountains guys
finally I feel like this may be the end
probably not look at them this I
appreciate mine that's gonna be it for
today guys I had such a good day I hope
you guys enjoyed this first vlog for
Vegas I'm here for the next two days and
like I said earlier there's gonna be
quite a few my friends are here so
it's gonna be a fun couple of days yeah
I'm gonna be plugging every night so
I'll see you again pretty soon thanks
for watching
