hi guys and welcome back so today's
video is going to be quite a different
one to what you're normally used to
seeing on this channel and you may be
able to guess by the title today I'm
talking about what I do my job or
YouTube as a career or job now it's not
something a lot of people talk about a
lot of the time but a brand approached
me last month and asked if I would be
interested in collaborating with them
and this video instantly came to mind so
the brand is Venus and it is to
celebrate the second year of their use
your hands campaign which sounds kind of
funny but it's basically a campaign
which is encouraging women to embrace
all different aspects of their life
whether it's different skills hobbies
interests and to talk about these in a
way to stop being labeled one
dimensionally so a lot of the time with
YouTube I feel like people don't really
talk about the fact YouTube has become a
career for a lot of people and it has
for me and I feel incredibly lucky
everyday that it has and that's
something that I really relate to
because I feel like with YouTube I often
do get kind of labeled as a youtuber and
that doesn't necessarily fully kind of
give credit to all of the different
aspects of what youtubers do so stay I
thought would do a vlog and show you a
lot of the different aspects of my daily
life that I wouldn't normally put in a
daily vlog so a lot of the time when I
daily vlog you'll see the fun parts
whereas today I'm going to show you the
working parts and talk a bit more about
what goes into behind-the-scenes being a
youtuber and a little bit more about my
story as well I also want to talk about
in the beginning some advice that I
would have given to my younger self
because I've ended up being incredibly
incredibly lucky and doing a job that I
adore and also doing a job that didn't
really exist when I was a teenager and I
was thinking about what I wanted to do
as a career and all of the different
options available to me so basically the
advice that I would give to my teenage
self is to always prioritize what you're
interested in and what you enjoy doing
over prioritizing what other people
think is the right route for you so I
had so many different kind of careers
advise that one I had a few careers
advisors at school
and kind of I I remember doing one of
those tests that tells you like what
you're most suited to doing like what
your personality is most suited to doing
I think I got an engineer which is
totally strange for me and I never
really looked at beauty and fashion in
the way that I do now I never really
looked at it as an opportunity somewhere
I could work it was always you know a
hobby or fun or an interest it wasn't
necessarily a viable career option I was
quite academic at school and I think I
got pushed into that mindset of you must
do the most academic subjects and the
most academic route into work that you
can and I think when I was younger it
was all very much driven by you know
what salary is attached to what job as
opposed to actually what each job
entails in terms of both like skills but
also in terms of interest like I wasn't
really aware that people did jobs that
they loved and you know I'm obviously
aware I'm incredibly lucky to be able to
do that as well but I also think it's
really important to know when you're
younger that one of the most important
things in life and your working life
regardless of how much money you earn or
where you're from who you are
is enjoying it because at the end of the
day you spend so much of your time
working you know and if you love it it
doesn't feel like you're working so yeah
looking back now I wish I had known that
more when I was younger so anyway back
to the vlog I'm going to be showing you
a little bit more of my YouTube working
life and sharing a bit more of my story
with you all so if you guys haven't been
watching from the beginning I started
YouTube in 2009 whilst I was at
university as a hobby at the time nobody
was doing it full-time it wasn't even a
thing I didn't even know that it might
even become a possibility I didn't know
people weren't money from it I just did
it because I loved what I was talking
about and I wanted to share a hobby
quite the time I left uni I had become a
partner and a YouTube partner and I had
started earning a little bit of money
through advertising from my youtube
channel
I'd also started up my blog as well and
so I started earning a little bit of
money and a lot of my friends were
actually leaving University and really
struggling to get jobs so at that time I
thought you know what I'm gonna give it
the summer and I'm gonna work really
hard on it
and see if I can turn this into a viable
job and I never called it a career until
fairly recently because I was always
quite hesitant of like you know how long
can this go on for like in terms of
longevity and it in terms of being a job
like you know nobody really knows the
future so that's how I kind of fell into
YouTube full-time within a few months it
was going really well it grew a lot and
then it just has just continued to grow
over the past few years and obviously
since then I have released a book I'm
actually about to release my second book
I've got a makeup line I've got a
eyelash line and it's all just kind of
expanded quite organically really I do a
lot of work with brands as well like in
this video and actually I have to say
those are some of my favorite projects
to work on in terms of my job because a
lot of the time with YouTube I think
people see obviously you guys see what
we want you to see you see the best bits
you see the highlights and you see the
most fun days and I think a lot of
people often forget YouTube can be quite
a solitary job because essentially
you're creating content most of the time
on your own and that's why I love
collaborating with brands because a lot
of the time you know you get to
collaborate creatively you might even
get to shoot with other people there's
just more people involved in that whole
process which is a real challenge for me
so I love that challenge of taking you
know working with brands and mixing it
with am I actually making good content
that you guys want to see am i making
content that I'm interested in
obviously like are you interested if
it's a product are you interested in
that is the product good is the first
consideration but when it comes to
actually like making content that is a
really great part of working with brands
so that's kind of my journey up to now
in terms of making youtube my job today
I've got a whole day of kind of add mini
writing checking a lot of different bits
and bobs that you might not always
associate or see behind the scenes of
YouTube I feel like people kind of glaze
over them and show you the fun stuff so
that's what I'm gonna be showing you
today I'm actually in my conservatory
right now because it is super super
signing outside I'm gonna start off with
writing and I'm gonna show you a little
bit of an insight into my blog okay so
the first
thing I'm doing today is writing blog
posts so as you can see here I'm logged
into blogger which is the platform that
I blog on and I'm actually writing three
different posts today I've taken the
images already actually took them
yesterday so I need to import them and
edit the photos in a bit I probably take
me about an hour and a half because I
feel like blog post generally take me
about half an hour to write the text I
also want to show you guys my to-do app
for the day to give you an idea of what
I do on a typical day so basically I eat
I sometimes actually do this by a hand
but I've done it on an app today and I
basically list out everything that I
need to do today so I've just finished
writing my blog post and now I'm gonna
import and edit the photos for them and
what I do first is go through and delete
any photos that I don't need because I
obviously take more photos that I need
so I'm going to open all these up have a
look at them a bit closer and then
delete any that I don't need before kind
of color correcting and stuff so now
I've tweets the photos and I don't
really Photoshop my kind of usually just
like add a little bit of brightness or
contrast or whatever they need I'm now
uploading them to blogger which actually
usually takes quite a while even though
I've got my fast internet connected it
takes ages this is the most satisfying
part about having a list
all right I'm currently taking some
pictures for my blog which I'm gonna
then write once I am in Vegas next week
so I've got a few things to take
pictures off but I want to show you my
setup from where I take pictures I
pretty much always take them in my
conservatory because it's got the best
life logging has led me to become
interested in photography before I was
like really not interested but just not
very good at photography and this really
like helped me to kind of hone my skills
a little bit the camera that I use at
the moment is this one this is the
Olympus PEN I used to use my DSLR for
taking blog pictures but then I bought
this one recently and it really is just
so good because it's so portable it's
easy to take around with you the
pictures are amazing like as good a
quality as if they've been taken with a
DSLR and it's just really light as well
and a lot of the time especially if
you're doing flat days it's actually
quite hard to get the right kind of
angle and this has a flip screen and
it's like
in case any of your wondering as well I
also use this trunk for taking photos on
a lot of the time because I really like
how distressed it is I've got this in TK
Maxx and I just ended up using it for
blog pictures like you end up finding
the most unusual place for taking
pictures when you're a blogger because I
feel like you just experiment with like
every different background around your
house and yeah this is my blog
background of choice I'm currently using
my mom as I hadn't model for some of the
blog pictures I'm taking so we're going
to do her nails first and then take some
pictures
I'm currently downloading the full
second set of page layouts for my new
book which I'm really excited about but
there's a whole side of writing a book
but you don't really anticipate when
you're doing the actual writing once you
finish writing the text you like to send
it off to the editor and they read
through it and then make any kind of
suggestions to you so it then comes back
to you and you end up tweaking it and
then it goes to the copy editor who does
all the kind of grammar and spelling and
everything and then once all that's
finished and the text is confirmed it
goes to the graphic designer and
obviously because the book that I'm
writing isn't like a novel it's like a
fashion beauty lifestyle cooking home
book so basically it has a lot of
illustrations and a lot of photographs
and the layout is really really
important so it goes to the graphic
designer he's actually the same graphic
designer I worked with on my first book
and she's awesome she called she four
and I have she loved her and she then
lays everything out and then I get a
whole print off like an a3 set print off
switch I she showed you in a previous
blog looking at them and I have to go
through and basically like mark them so
like right where I want things and if
things I want things changing so now
these are coming back for the second
time and I have to massively transfer
files and I basically got to go through
the whole of the book in the next I
probably got about an hour or so just to
go through the whole of the book and
check all of the photos check the layout
and all of the kind of color tweaking
and the font tweak Kings as well because
I'm really specific about font and I
made them change like the headline font
that we had for the book that was the
title and also the header pages inside
the chapter headers I change because I
didn't like it so I'm not the most
popular person with my publishers right
now I don't think but we're getting
there
I've made the following list I have
actually written them like a nice L note
above it
cuz they're gonna hate me I've basically
gone through I know this looks a bit
crazy on my screen I've gone through
like every single page of the whole book
and made all these layout changes so
hopefully it's about weird wrong many
times uh-huh I will be able to get these
changes made and then it will be looking
good while someone will computer I've
also just checking the comments on my
newest video
I've actually got nearly 600 comments on
this which is really great so I'm just
gonna read through these and reply to
them all which is generally what I do
like right after uploading video for the
next day I just keep an eye on the
comments I'm now putting all of my
accounts together which also have turned
them all around because kind of private
info but I actually have my accountant
in my books now for the first four years
that I was kind of running my YouTube
channel as a business I was actually
doing them myself
and it's something that I had to teach
myself because I'm terrible at Excel and
any kind of spreadsheet all of that
stuff is just not really my forte
and I used to really struggle with it
and even now I find it hard and I keep
everything in line so I have to keep
super super organized and regimented
with my receipts and incomings and
outgoings everything so I'm just putting
those together and then we go to the
post office okay so I'm now upstairs and
I'm packing for tomorrow it's already
nearly seven o'clock and I'm quite
behind but instead of showing you my
clothes packing which wouldn't is what
would normally happen this is crazy it's
on the floor I'm gonna show you my work
packing because I'm always making
content on the go I pretty much take
everything with me that I'll need for
any eventuality and I'm shooting a few
videos when I am in Vegas but I'm also
shooting some blog posts and things like
that as well and I'm vlogging so I have
from the top
I have camera charges I have one plug
which I need to buy another one of these
in an airport I used to have three and
I've misplaced them I do not know where
they are I've got my portable phone
charge which I've just charged up these
are actually meant to go in my wash bag
they're not going to be there I've got
this little trio cable thing so that I
can charge either my portable charger or
my
for whatever with that then I have a
phone charger obviously essential I have
my card reader and the converter for my
laptop memory cards a remote for my DSLR
I've got my Olympus camera with a spare
lens this pancake lens is good for like
taking any photos kind of on the go but
then this is the 45 mil one which is a
little bit trickier you have to be quite
far away so I'm taking both of them
taking my Canon 60d this is why film or
my main channel videos on and I'm taking
my diary so you can keep everything up
to date and my passport
obviously I also have my agenda for
Vegas in there I have my tripod so that
I can film properly without having to
make a tripod out of Bin's which I have
done before I've got two sets of
headphones I haven't decided which ones
to take euro just throw them both on
there I've got my laptop got my charge
and now I am also working out what pack
in terms of filming so I'm gonna be
filming a top five masks video and real
good summer products like feel good
summer body products video or I might do
five minute makeup or update you'll make
it back to summer so I need to decide
what I'm doing and work out which
products I'm going to put in both of
those videos to film on Wednesday
because they're gonna go up on Friday
and Sunday I'm now back on my laptop
I've just got an email from a sunglasses
brand that I'm doing a shoot with on
Monday so that's the day after I get
back no two days after I get back from
Vegas I have a shoot in London with
sunglasses brands and they want me to
pick my top sunglasses to wear on the
shoot from the site so I've got to pick
ten sunglasses without trying them on
that is what I'm doing now this is
slightly odd but it's happening but
eight o'clock
and I'm in the car with Mike and we are
off to dinner for a last night's gonna
be my last night at home for a little
while so I'm taking a bit of a break and
working because I still have like about
half of my list left to do but that can
wait we're going out just got back from
dinner we've got half an hour before
Game of Thrones starts on plus one so
I'm gonna try and get everything
finished first thing I've got to do is
log into my online banking and pay a
couple of invoices that came in this
week but everyone has paid my last
little job for the day it's actually
been an exciting one because I've been
testing out some new formulas and
colours for something exciting that I'm
working on for my makeup range I can't
show you what they look like but here's
a little sneak peek of them on my arm so
that's gonna be today guys I've really
enjoyed sharing a bit more of my kind of
day-to-day life work wise with you all
and I hope you have enjoyed seeing some
of my and it's been really cool to
collaborate with Venus on this video
they have a tumblr page for this
campaign which I definitely recommend
checking out I'm gonna link it below
it's really inspiring and just shows
lots of people's different kind of take
on the whole campaign and what their
aims are they're also doing a really
exciting giveaway on my Instagram so if
you guys want to be in with a chance of
winning 500 pounds in cash to spend on a
hobby or a skill one of your hands on
developing one of your hands all you
need to do is to post an Instagram
picture showing some of your hands and
use the hashtag use your hand and tag me
flow divorce and Venus Gillette Venus
I'm gonna put all the info down below
but if you guys want to win it's a super
awesome competition to win some money
towards helping kind of develop and
inspire you to make the most of your
hands and spend a bit of time kind of
thinking about what they are and
developing them as well so I hope you
guys have enjoyed this video I'll see
you again very soon bye guys
