good morning guys and welcome back so
I've actually skipped today I didn't
vlog yesterday because I was poorly I
spent enough to tell by my voice to
sound a bit rough but yeah I was just I
wasn't really in bed most of yesterday
but I just wasn't really at my full
functioning self and I felt like
absolute crap so I didn't look but today
I'm vlogging in his Friday today I'm
heading off to London I have about how
long would this be like 45 minutes until
I've got to leave and I gotta take some
pictures for my blog and I'm just eating
my breakfast while I'm about to start
eating my breakfast got some shreddies
with dried cranberries and nuts and yes
that is all for now but now in the car
and good news guys
his hair is growing it is growing it is
look at this it's better than it was
last week
yep obviously cuz it was cut last week
celebration time she's still short is
the postman placement and nameless
postman is holding up holding up traffic
we're on our way
well we're on our way to the station I'm
on way to London mike is gonna stag
through this weekend
so I won't see you for a couple of days
my love Mike's not very good at the
whole local lads drinking so I apologize
to anyone in Dublin I apologize PC it
was not my doing anyway I'm going up
north to Lincoln chess I've got my bag
I've got another bag down there as well
oh it's a Winterfell it's I'm not going
I'm going to the north do I know that
you knew that you think you don't watch
Game of Thrones good get me fired for
that that was a really
listen yes Game of Thrones knowledge
I'm not going to Winterfell I'm going to
Lincoln chair might as well we would I
mean it may as well we went to felt it's
Lulu's third birthday I cannot wait to
celebrate
Lulu's basically like a mini-me even
though she's my sister's baby she turned
out just like me and my sister's like
this is ridiculous
you better have children like me and
it's gonna be so easy because my
sister's like really organized and well
behaved and I was just really stubborn a
naughty
so Lulu has more attitude than any other
child I've ever met and I love it
so basically hazard Mike isn't too busy
listening to my story so basically her
third birthday is gonna be baller and
she's gonna have like cakes and
everything and fairy stuff and I bought
her the most amazing flashing moment
before the birthday will she does Lilly
is like a mini youtuber in the making so
I'm in the back of a cab right now and
I'm on my way to a meeting with my
sister her because I have meetings I
just thought I had sunglasses on my head
and totally like yeah I don't have
pieces of my sister very often but I
don't know if you guys remember when I
was getting married we set up another
YouTube channel called bride
and we're thinking about relaunching it
because over the past episodes we
stopped making content on it really I
just constantly been getting questions
about it like you know and the videos
are still getting views so I feel like
there's an audience for it and my sister
is quite interested in starting to make
content again on there so we're having a
meeting about relaunching it which is
really really exciting so that is what's
happening this morning and yeah I'm
really excited see hana-chan see they're
only a couple weeks so excited to have a
catcher so it's a little bit late now
the meeting went really well and I just
rushed over to drop some stuff off at
the flat and then I've come for my
checkup for my eyes it's been years
since my laser eye surgery actually just
over a year I was meant to have the
checkup in March but I was out of the
country at the time had to rearrange it
a lot of love anyway my eyes are good I
can see really well and my contrast is
really good and it's pretty much it
which is awesome I just had some of
those like numbing drops in my eyes
though and it's starting to wear off now
but when they put them in it literally
feels like your eyeballs are gonna fall
out of your head it's like the worst
feeling ever
I'm jumping in a cab now and heading
back to meet my sister again and we're
driving up slinky chair Friday afternoon
Friday afternoon so I think the traffic
is going to be pretty bad
we're in the car now for very red nose
because I'm feeling sniffily and I had
to blow my nose with baby wipes because
that is the only thing that Hamlet has
in her car so basically like not only
blew my nose and made it red but also
rubbed all over the foundation and
concealer off my nose too
we are in traffic and it sucks
it's like 22:6 and this is what is
happening right now traffic we're going
we're slowing right down below 20 miles
an hour but we have the banana hang
cream
it might taste good we're waiting for
the sir oh wait there's a sign we're
waiting for the services they are up
ahead somewhere I'm so hungry I had like
the smallest lunch ever I ordered razor
clams it came was actually like to razor
clams so I'm really hungry
on the cross island winter my favorite
people if you don't really they are as
Hannah and banana no no I think I think
the service well actually this is the
banana hang cream I could actually pass
this off as a real banana it does smell
really good
I showed this in a blog the other day
serious it has to be like Anna just
ordered some on Amazon because it was
that good hang on and the lime jealous
of the lip balm I hear go
but don't you can eat seriously it has
to be wafer thin
it smells just like but not it's not
gonna taste like it I could have told
you it might taste like that on the plus
side wait did we just pass the side did
we actually no we did it
I would actually cry I would cry for
business services but the traffic's
moving crisis averted guys have got
snacks
there was an MS as well I've got tissues
I've also got cough medicine and cold
medicine coming back got prawns and
chili dip looks pretty good I also got
salmon pasta salad thing which is tasty
had that pork and this is a new
discovery of mine from M&S the
vegetarian version so they're gelatin
free Percy pigs because they have the
consistency of starbursts and the taste
of the Percy Pig really really really
good hey guys
so I didn't log any more yesterday
because I arrived in my sister's and we
had dinner with all my family and I just
felt really ill I thought actually this
cold was gonna get better but it just
keeps getting worse and I feel really
rubbish but today is Lulu's birthday
this is the room that I've been staying
it's like a little sitting room at my
sister's house and I'm on the sofa bed
and it's such a nice day I can't even
believe it it's been really really
miserable for the past cut well the past
few days have been so hitting me yay and
I've just been playing with Lulu on the
bouncy castle so I've been bouncing I've
been swinging I've been rolling around
in like a like a Roly tube thing and
yeah the kids arrive in like half an
hour so it's gonna be a fun bit this is
Lulu's birthday table look how cute I
want a party like this she's got bunting
these are like marshmallows covered in
like a lot of different things I think
my mom might made these yesterday
sandwiches jelly obviously there's gonna
be more sandwiches on there I think and
and how cute these little hummus pots
yay
and pink plates I love it turns out guys
three year old parties are quite tiring
and it's still sunny we are now having a
bouncing session on the bouncy castle
I've bounced I've swung I've rolled done
a whole lot of playing with Doodlebug
and now everyone is just chillin outside
in this lovely delightful Saturday
afternoon we've come for dinner by the
seaside guys the tide is like way out so
it's not really a lot of sea but it's
that that the feelings slightly stoopid
for going for the healthy option now
because everyone else at the table
including mum has got the biggest fish
and chips in the world and we're right
by the sea there's no other better place
to eat fish and chips dude all the best
thing else got mussels oh yeah hey guys
so I'm back home now and I just wanted
to finish this last vlog it's gonna be
the last one because I missed a whole
day and then this day has turned into
like three days in a row and it's like a
weekend vlog basically which is kind of
cool I'm liking it but yeah just cuz I
got ill and I feel like I've just failed
the last vlogging couple of days so I
hope you guys can forgive me I hope you
guys have enjoyed this vlogging one and
there might actually be a little bit of
a change in terms of the vlogging
schedule over the next few months but
I'm gonna update you about that in
another video because I haven't really
decided what I'm going to do yet but I'm
definitely gonna change it up so I feel
like I've been doing it for so long now
that it needs like a little a little
pizzazz and use a little spring back in
its step but yeah I just got home I'm
still feeling like absolute crap to be
honest Mike gets back tonight and I'm
super excited to see him I want to know
how everything is gone because I know he
was kind of nervous about it because
he's not like the best at ladee trips so
yeah I had a really good weekend I hope
you guys have had a good weekend too and
I will see you again very soon on this
channel probably sooner than you will
think ie it will not be in June it will
be in May so see you soon guys bye
