good morning guy is welcome to my
Wednesday so this morning I've actually
already had a meeting with my publishers
to give them
like layouts that I was writing notes on
on the train the other day if you guys
remember so that went really well but
also been having a design meeting for
the cover which I'm really excited about
because I just love having input into
what kind of goes on the cover and kind
of what it looks like it things like
that so that's been really fun and I'm
now on my way to get my gel nails taken
off because I have like a bit of a bad
situation going on that tiny chip but I
had the other day has turned into like
half the nail coming off and I'm like
just they look really bad so I've
managed to get like a last-minute
appointment in between meetings on the
Strand I'm walking down King's weighing
at the moment and this takes me back
because I was at uni doubt he really
liked me very much so it kind of it's
not necessarily like a good a good take
me back it's like the walk I used to
walk to uni like every day so I'm
feeling a bit nostalgic and seriously
like Beatrice generally being happy that
I am no longer on the plus side though
is actually a really beautiful day in
London today I thought it was gonna be
really cold and I'm so glad it's not
because I don't have a really thick coat
on me blue sky I did it guys I managed
to get my nails done just in time I've
actually just been in to my secondary
thing because it was pretty tight on the
timings and it went really well I I was
gonna say the colour actually I can't
remember it it's a light color like a
CND shellac I think it's something like
velvet teddy something like I feel like
that's a matte color I know something
similar star and I really like it cause
like a pinky blush nude as opposed to
like a baby nude I'm now heading into
another meeting in home garden before
heading home actually haven't any lunch
yet I'm actually a banana just after I
had my nails done but I kind of
forfeited a lunch for getting my now sum
which is such a girly thing to do right
so I'm gonna hopefully get a little
snack because we're a bit early to my
meeting so hopefully gonna get a little
snack before and then yeah all good busy
day my god guys we just finished lunch
which I forgot to vlog because I ate it
like a ravenous animal but they've just
promised these mini ice cream cones
they're probably the cutest thing ever
and yes I'm vlogging in a meeting now so
I'm gonna go but I just had to show you
that later now I'm actually just got to
use them to get my train home there's an
announcement going on sorry guys it's
like there's so many announcements I
might as well just not wait for that but
yeah it's been nice and actually just
went and did a panel at a media agency
talking about YouTube and what I do and
stuff it was actually pretty cool I do
quite a lot of panels but it's a little
bit different because it was actually
just a Q&A so it was like me talking on
my own which is a bit scarier than
normal and then they had like other
people doing Q&A before and they had
flurries just before me which it's cool
for two reasons firstly because I never
am doing anything with anyone else
called Fleur because no else is really
cool Fleur
that's cool and secondly because she's
amazing and I love her music which is
just like ridiculously beautiful her
skin is like glowing you know you're
staring at someone or like your
foundation is either amazing or you just
naturally look like that in which case
that is not fair so yeah I'm gonna go
get some food okay
don't get home until about my train gets
in it just before 10:00 so I won't get
home until maybe like 25.10 half of 10
don't know what to get
Nando's Cafe Rouge fret there's an it
too but I don't know if I'd had quite I
have sushi dinner last night a little
bit like over sushi there's burritos
actually opened a lot of new restaurants
the Easterners like lots of little ones
hot dogs don't want a hot dog
ribs you know what I think I think I'm
gonna go for prayer I have like 40
minutes as well I'm ridiculously early
for my train there's no point in getting
an earlier train because they're like
slower I might as well just wait and get
faster train and then I can have some
dinner and do some work on the laptop so
I'm sitting here like a total geek in
prayer about to get a vlog from a couple
of days ago and I've got a suit fitting
this is a chicken broccoli and brown
rice soup which could be hazardous to
open with one hand because I might spill
it all over myself and my laptop looks a
little something like that oh it smells
good actually and then I've got my
favorite thing way better than chocolate
bar and I'm just really thirsty tonight
like I'm not at home gets like not a lot
of food for dinner I'm not that hungry
I'm really thirsty so I got green
goodness juice which is my favorite one
for prep they did bring out like a mean
a green one which isn't quite as tasty
it's probably got more actual good for
you stuff in it as opposed to just apple
juice but I like this one
I'm currently also picking winners for
the Flatley competition for my book so
excited about it there's so many good
entries as well I am home I am home
hello la bouche did you have a nice
couple of days without me little ones oh
I've just been having cuddles with you
haven't I
I missed you a lot I missed you a lot I
did and these two three hello there
everybody did you miss me man I feel
like sometimes I go away and it feels
like really not very long today I was
like so excited to go home it was like
I've been away from home forever and
some things don't change
look at these guys all of my favorite
people gonna go and open my post now I
might get a snack as well because after
being like
hungry I'm only thirsty blah blah blah
have we got any snacks that doesn't
sound good
da this does not look like a good food
situation in the fridge shoulda got more
food at the train station just opening
my post and really bizarrely I got sent
this pop-up pineapple in a box with
greys and it seems to have caught the
attention of the dogs they seem to be I
don't know why but very intrigued by it
and I'm gonna see what they do if I put
it on the floor like look at it like
seriously guys why why what did the
pineapple ever do to you oh the paper
pineapple I'm using for unit oh no we go
with that pineapple peg the pineapple
peak oh you want cuddles more than the
pineapple what is it
dogs love pineapples apparently Oh new
monkeys but she's back
hey she's going with it
there's some kind of crazy noise going
on the background to the galaxy pig do
you not love the pineapple anymore no
what are you doing what that's in your
mouth I don't think that's as tasty as
real pineapple foolish pickle it thinks
all of the posters for her it's not push
this is what came with the pineapple and
you're not chewing these no and Lolly
sticks very very strange collection of
things okay so this is why grey's have
launched like a fruity summer selection
apparently natural energy nuts almond
code can carrot and pineapple that looks
disgusting Yama time punch golden
berries pineapple and coconut I don't
like dried coconut very much pressure
you flap you actually quite good though
this is perfect timing because I'm so
hungry right now
pooja also seems unsurprisingly
interested in the actual food this is a
piglets begging face how can you resist
those eyes on a side note this is the
best part of guardians of the galaxy I'm
a massive fan of Chris Pratt and it has
the best soundtrack ever and this one is
still trying to get my attention the
other thing we got sent today Lapage
look at these lipsticks huh lucky me
look you poo you can wear one if you
want she's like no I want the snacks or
the pineapple not the lipsticks look
piggy-wig we also got a 10-pound Liberty
voucher for spending way too much money
haha these are from the Liberty like
loyalty scheme and because Mike well
it's Mike's because Mike what my
Christmas present from Liberty okay and
I got a lip tease card and for some
reason now
yeah but I've also been putting all of
my purchases on Mike's account so I
think I should claim this 10-pound
Liberty voucher me and piglet can go and
spend it do you want to come with me
there dog friendly in there I've seen
dachshunds in there before piggy
yes I have I think they might give me
extra discount because you're so cute
hopefully I'm going to bed guys in my
own bed woop woop so happy to be home
I'm home tomorrow as well so I'll see
you then
