good morning guys and welcome to this
weekend's vlog this is actually the
fourth time I've attempted to start this
vlog because I've been going very well
if you wondering where we are Mike and I
are in Brighton this weekend and
basically I tried to start this vlog
three times yesterday and it was just
like a stressful day it wasn't like
rushing around all day trying to get
down here so I just thought I'm going to
start today we're in Brighton just for a
weekend away just the two of us hey hey
hey
and yeah we're off out for breakfast I'm
gonna show you the room we're staying in
afterwards because we don't have time
we're already late for breakfast so yeah
and this is my outfit for today which I
feel slightly nervous wearing this
outfit okay because when I got pregnant
I was not right I've got to get pregnant
on Gries just because one of the only
times in life where I feel like you guys
rock with hungary's and just I just love
it
but yeah so but in how to know in real
life they're just a bit they look good
from the front but it's the back a
little bit worried about anyway I'm
rocking it I'm rocking it I have on my
Topshop Messi Mon ch√©ri t-shirt which
is not maternity it's going a bit tight
at the front you can't see it today so
that's fine I have a little Monica
vintage a selection of pendants all my
jewelry on this hand as well as Monica
vision and my rings are a little bit
messed up but yeah and then my dungarees
at Topshop and my sandals are ancient
Greek yeah it's what I'm wearing today
and it's sunny let's go and eat some
food oh my god it we get most beautiful
day today look at this guy's we
seriously lucked out with the weather
this weekend Mike was just telling me
about my nightmare about his nightmares
I had some really weird dreams last
night and he's like wait elaborate story
about us getting burgled oh well yes so
bad name is wet and then I went to check
my golf clubs at they've stolen my golf
clubs and then he woke up late I was
like
and then woke up things that might force
has nightmares about whirring so off for
breakfast that place called red roasted
I was recommended by my friend Anna who
you guys will all know that Anna edit
previously known as fourth artist
formerly known as Prince Styles
previously known as Viviana you all know
her we're actually seeing up at dinner
tonight as well and I'm excited because
someone thinks they're swanky in an RA
grassing it on a Saturday morning
because Mike and Mark have never met
before yet me and Anna spend many many
well I mean not many many hours but
we've done a few times comparing their
similarities so obviously we've found
myself in a baby shop and might I think
this is a little bit a little bit early
does know we do story fans could be like
you know have them character sir more
money tell us so funny this is what I
went off I love this is so cute and it
has stars on the bacteria we're now on a
missions find a running shop but
something in my eye I'm just rolling
with it
you said runners need although Mike what
is your need as a runner today well
it could be kind of long and we just
explain what you're looking to buy I'm
looking to buy some running the
Americans basically Mike's discovered a
new problem when you start running over
about 15 miles let's just put it that
way and so yeah we need to find the
running shop we don't know if it's
something they'll say I know on her end
oh I found a brand online that does I am
definitely loving Brighton so far guys I
think it helps that the Sun is out blue
sky days here we are guys let's see if
they can solve Mike's needs no R
underwear and there Mike to life of
Chaffins for you so we wouldn't be at
the seaside without getting some ice
cream but I think I've gone a little bit
bold with my choice maybe I think this
might be a bit of a disaster some of us
were sensible with our ice cream choices
Riviera amateur Ella coming Oh No
dripping everywhere still my name's
ripping anywhere now this is Mike's kind
of beach no sand chilling on the beach I
have a big pebble in my sandal so guys
these little feet are a little bit sore
so we've resorted to buying some
trainers and socks obviously I got the
Batman socks oh the relief guys and I
wanted a pair of metallic super guys for
ages and these were in the sales at 30
pounds super happy you can see my
bumping along in front of me I think
they look cute in my dungarees I'm happy
I'm a feet don't hurt
we're back at the hotel oh we're both
lying on the bed in pain we've been
walking around since nine o'clock and
it's now four so Mike's leg where he's
been running Oh before we start and my
back is sore so why not do a room tour
where we're sitting so this is our room
we're staying at the artists residence
in Brighton and look at the ceiling this
is what I like nice some very nice
corner saying and then these awesome
kind of we're trying to work out what
they were whether they like printed
obviously printed on the wall and then
painted over the top of them but they
call all of our stuff is down the end of
the bed there and then we have a little
smoked fridge a little mirror that's a
wardrobe the bathroom is in here which
is quite cute it's like a little cabin
I'll show you guys in here this is what
it looks like and there's a shower show
you what toiletries everyone with me oh
my god Mike's been using this like every
day since he got it and it's actually so
nice it's the new Armani stronger with
you I don't know what is up with my
focus today stronger with you perfumes
so nice it smells really really good if
you're looking for a new scent for your
man it smells great got a Beauty Blender
every Mike says everyone's gonna smell
like him now Tom for mascara why I saw
concealer the new one especially really
good new YSL Inc lipstick obviously I
haven't been wearing that today I've got
the nude one on today powder Laura
Mercier foundation this is actually
really good and it does last but it's a
little bit too matte I think for me
Sarah Chapman eye cream and face cream
Mitchum deodorant this NARS palette
which basically like has everything you
need in it yeah and then simple wipes is
it the rest of our Mike's there the rest
of our rooms got cool like exposed
brickwork here as well my camera's room
is behaving recently I don't know what's
up with yeah it's so beaten up so beaten
up there's also some good music playing
we ate some of these last night they
were amazing again with the focus milk
chocolate honeycomb dips I mean still
got a few of those left anything else to
add sir do you need a bit of a rest
we're now on our way to meet our friend
Lauren on the beach for a little coffee
the catch up before dinner had such a
good day loving life except for my feet
hurting and my back I think we're
cutting through the smallest lane in the
world and look what laws have brought us
guys Brighton Rock guys so excited by
this haven't had rocks since I was about
10 we came out
playing with the 2p machines yes we're 5
years old yes I have a whole cup a whole
cup of 2p I mean high roll a looks good
there look you're so close on the edge
is very shiny there's so shiny
there's a really stuck underneath I need
to keep going it's all about the timing
get away we're currently playing Anna's
favorite game which his donkey to poppy
but never never played this before I'm
not gonna put my money on this guy I
mean number 5
definitely my face he's going sideways
and he's still winning I need to go hang
this guy no chance
guys I decided I really really want a
pug dressed up as a unicorn it's the
only thing they want in life and I'm
gonna try and win it I've got my boss
xcp
you
how many worth time okay one bar
we're now really determined to get one
of these effing hugs my my fizz Kamiah
got to get one there guys oh my god that
was a terrible go Oh No maybe no maybe
not I think this one's too close to the
glass attached to him that one is
because they've got to be close it
doesn't want to be like dragging it too
far they're laughing that one and that
one I want the baby pink one
well good morning guys so it is Sunday
morning it's our last morning in
Brighton we just checked out the hotel I
actually had quite a busy morning mike
has run 18 miles today he's limping just
a little bit that's so awesome I'm
really proud of you Mike mouthing prayer
and I just finished had my nails done
whilst Mike was running and it was so
nice one of you guys um I actually come
to make tell her name did my nails
in the nail seller on so hi and thank
you that was you it was really cool
chatting to her actually so I've had
great morning and we're now off to the
coal shed cereal bar now we're now off
to the coal shed for lunch early lunch
because we're gonna drive back not too
late cuz we don't want to get stuck in
the traffic again like we did on the way
down here so
yeah we've heard very good things about
this place so we're looking forward to
it and yeah we both had like a cereal
bar after breakfast and running 18 miles
in a cereal bar I can imagine like you
are hungry
it's feasting time mike has got a
seriously good looking steak I'm gonna
try not to be jealous mushrooms spinach
chips and I got turbo which actually
pretty good it has clams I loved oh my
god that was delicious
I like a stuff we're going to floor here
I feel like a stuffed Christmas turkey
we're now gonna drive home sad to be
leaving Bryson far classified like it's
just about so good so guys it was an
emergency we have to stop at the serve
god damn Peter sugar break because we're
just been stuck in traffic for like a
really long time I don't even know how
long cause I just fell asleep
so sweet I might Colin caterpillars
Colin's when we got a Starbucks mmm very
naughty so much tougher we are home with
these guys and it makes me very happy
it does hello have you had a nice
weekend and we had a nice weekend with
Lou have you oh it missed you little pig
from Percy pigs - the real pig you're my
one and only piglet Wiggly and this one
of course who has managed to find a ball
from somewhere we're on a bull ban at
the moment aren't we it looks like you
guys have been making yourself seriously
comfortable on my new setup it's pretty
trashed we're gonna have to have a
little spruce have a little Hoover on
the sofa are we hey Scooby she's
obsessed with this ball no matter how
fun it is when you go away
it is always fun to come back to you
pick you egg dog you're a duffer you're
a deaf / and that's very cute yes it is
very cute who gives it for me you silly
girl I love you very much and the bump
is starting to get bigger and piglets
having to sit on either side of it now
on my tummy cuz otherwise she just rolls
off I don't think she's very impressed I
was just gonna finish my blog and
Thursday she hasn't finished a blog you
useless vlogger
I don't know why this light is so bright
I totally forgot about it until I came
to import the footage and then I was
like oh I never finished it so this is
gonna be the end of the weekend vlog you
guys are having a good week or have had
a good week
we are currently listening to radio 2 on
our way down to a doctor's appointment
for the baby and the bump is real guys
Oh get in my belly probably Flavian
moment to be honest something down look
that's not gonna lie I can't drive I
can't sleep he's dangerous dangerous on
the roads people but yeah and they've
just been playing Britney Spears hit me
baby one more time on the radio and I've
been singing along and I got told off
for singing along smoking daughter
listened to the radio and now you're
making noise at her house sure pal see
you soon
goodbye
