good morning from Paris guys today I am
heading out for my shoot with bourgeois
really excited it's still gray skies I
just looked out the window for the first
time it's about twenty five five seven
women are we leaving a half bus ever and
I have nice breakfast yet just been
getting ready because it's kind of one
of those things where like there is a
makeup artist at the shoot but they're
kind of like we can do your own makeup
and she can touch you up or rah blah
blah and I always feel like in those
kind of situations I'm like I want to go
full on camera ready just in case so
we've been doing makeup for the past
hour and yeah that is all I'm gonna go
and grab some food before we go cuz I'm
starving and yeah hopefully we'll get a
bit of the afternoon off and I can show
you guys around Paris I'll take you with
me around Paris not that it is gonna be
particularly amazing because it may be
raining I feel like there may be some
blue sky out there as well you never
know got it
so I have arrived on set with bourgeois
and this is where we're shooting today
here with all of the it's like a fake
museum that's pretty cool this is my
little Museum for the day this is my
buddy who I've been taking selfies with
hello there and this is my makeup which
is pretty similar to what I had on
before they just like added a little bit
there's a little pink coat super cute
and I think we're doing another look
after this one so I'll update you with a
second
so this is for the second shot and this
light is hotter than the Sun so I'm like
hiding in the corner kind of the same as
the first look but a different outfit
and I'm sweating so bad to keep stepping
out thing like it's a big fat hot light
I just finished the shoot went really
well and we're now on our way to abort
our booty because they have actual
stand-alone shops in France which they
don't have any English so yeah so this
is it guys there's a whole shop of
bourgeois actually really excited about
this because apparently they have though
the stuff that isn't out in England yet
so I'm gonna have a little sneaky peek
and see what I can find that you guys
can't get yet but we'll we also get soon
I hope you have all the bath and body
stuff we don't have any of this in the
UK look at them this is so funny with a
little ray on the top I'm pretty sure
these aren't out yet in England I think
they're coming out soon but I haven't
seen them in real life and I love this
color it really deep red this is
something I've never seen before guys
you can actually come and paint your own
nail using any of the colors for a euro
I've never seen lightning number four
but it's actually quite a cool idea if I
was younger I definitely would have done
this like at the weekend for like comedy
100 guys look what I found
because I haven't been to Sephora in
like a week
oh my god guys this is the cutest thing
I've ever seen it's a mini UV gel nail
manicure thing in a macaroon but you can
only do one nail at a time which seems a
little impractical the Sun has finally
kind of come out in Paris a little bit
we're back a garden or about 20 hours
later so we're just pulling back into
London on the train
and typically the weather looks amazing
why why does it always work out like so
I've just gotten back to the flat and I
wanted to show you guys a couple of the
things that it picks up today from
Sephora and from the port I shop there
mainly like skincare related but most of
them you can't really get any of it and
so I thought it might be fun to see like
a mini it's like a whole but it's kind
of just showing you what I got so first
of all from Sephora I got a miniature of
their micellar water because I'm doing
quite a lot of traveling over the next
few weeks and I thought this would come
in handy this is one of my favorite
micellar waters it is quite heavily
scented so a lot of people like don't
like it but I think it's really really
effective and it's quite hard to find
miniature micellar waters so like I
thought I'd try that out and then I also
got one of their glitter nail polish
remover which I don't necessarily use
for glitter this is actually generally
just really really good it just takes
your nail varnish off so quickly it's
made especially for glitter because it
has like a gauze kind of like a sarong
like a Gore just like a thicker sponge
and more like abrasive sponginess as
like even quicker to take your makeup
off not your makeup your nail varnish
don't take your makeup off with this and
then I also got this which I got totally
suckered into at the cue point like at
the till little bit that I have it the
typical miniatures this is from Tony
moly do all the like the really gimmicky
products this is a banana hand milk I've
actually used this already because I
opened it and use some on the train it's
actually so good it's like so it's like
a squidgy banana the lids hard but
there's this bit so squishy and it
smells just like banana milkshakes very
very odd but I love it and then I got a
few things from Bourjois as well I got
the face wipes which we don't have in
the UK all of this stuff we don't have
and that's kind of why I got it so I
wanted to test it out I got the
waterproof eye makeup remover and the
micellar water because I wanted to try
both they have these funny little like
pearls on the top of the packaging which
is I don't know it's kind of cute and
weird at the same time and then the
reveille
um shower gel which smells really good
it's like goji berry what a grooming I
feel like it might be like Mandarin
something like that all Satsuma it's
like really fruity and orange and then
they gave me this little box to put my
makeup bits in how cute is that it looks
like a cute board while Happy Meal so
I'm gonna open it up and show you what I
got
again mainly things that you can't get
yet so there's this nail care oil which
is in the same format as the like nail
varnish remover but you like dip your
finger in there I actually have really
brittle nails so I think this would be
really good for me
there's the silk edition powder which
feels amazing like the texture of this
feels so so good and I love the bronzers
that are a similar kind of packaging so
don't have them in England anymore or
they're online only I can't remember
that one and then I also got one color
of the new lalaki
gel which is like this gorgeous berry
color and the top coat and then I also
picked up these concealers because I've
seen a couple of people talking about
these I also on a side note the
packaging of these is amazing
like for a high street concealer they
look so premium so I actually got they
only have three colors in there so the
color range isn't perfect so I got the
light and the medium which is like one
and two and I'm kind of like halfway in
between but I feel like this will be
good for like the outer parts my face
and this will be good for like my under
eye area and kind of any paler parts if
you get what I mean
or mix them together for like a perfect
color match for spots if that makes
sense
yeah so that's what I got from Paris
quite a lot of stuff for one day in
Paris right naughty I've just taken off
all my makeup and my face looks so red
right now but I wanted to do like a
real-time review because it felts oh
good taking off all of my makeup so my
face must have been powdered about 20
times today at the shoot but I actually
used all three of these taking my makeup
off so I can do like an instant review
for you guys
I used my cellar water take off one eye
the waterproof eye makeup remover to
take off the other eye and the face
wipes to take off my face makeup the
micellar voice
water water is actually really good I
was really impressed that didn't like
this so much it's a bit oily but that's
my personal preference like I'm
generally like the bi-phase may cut
rivers I generally don't like them as
much as micellar waters the whites
however was surprisingly good I was
really really impressed too because I
had a lot of face makeup on and they
took it straight off and then I also
just cleanse with my LMS cleanser which
is the bomb and my face my skin feels
amazing now even though it looks really
blotchy I'm having a bad skin week guys
and I also just used my animus day
moisturizer because I left the night one
at home I feel like it won't matter too
much but yeah my skin doesn't look happy
right now but believe me it feels so
happy to be clean and fresh yeah I'm
gonna watch Game of Thrones now finally
oh my goodness guys I've just paused
Game of Thrones like a third of the way
through it's so good
I have already shed it here and like
jumped up in like yes it's so good I
can't even deal with it I also just had
to ring the takeaway company because I
ordered take away an hour ago
I'm so hungry it's like 10 o'clock now
apparently it's almost here I feel like
the buzzer might even go off right now
I'm like waiting come on my food has
arrived which I've like thrown all into
just one Bowl because the containers
that came in were leaking I got some
salmon sashimi some tuna sashimi and a
mango and papaya green mango and papaya
salad which is underneath which is like
my favorite can't wait to eat this I'm
so hungry is officially worth the wait
guys the new Game of Thrones episode was
amazing oh I want to see the neck fun so
bad I hate watching series when you
actually have to wait a week for each
one I'm so impatient I'm such a boxset
binge watch err so yeah I can't wait for
next week but yeah that's gonna be up
tonight guys I hope you have an amazing
day and I'll see you in the morning bye
