good morning guys oh all right Taylor
welcome to yoga binge a career Blair
welcome to Monday today Mike and I are
in my car the ones like five it needs to
be MOT going for a surf anonymity
ljubljana shimmy-shimmy sham and I've
just given the giving a good check
actually I have to say my Matt there is
very dirty look that is very dirty
you okay so there's the last time you
cleaned your part is my car so today I'm
off to the train station and to get a
train to London and then I'm gonna get
train to paris gare really exciting gay
Paree
i am going to speed bump I'm going to
Paris with bourgeois which I'm really
excited I've never worked abroad while
before and then one of my favorite
brands and we go into Paris to shoot
something exciting that it's actually
not coming out till July which sounds
like a long time away but actually it's
the end of April so specially in a far
away so yes that is what's happening
that is all I have to report for now
have you got anything else to report
no that's it our lives are that boring
goodbye I just got to the flat and good
news guys my life ended looking so much
better
yay I'm going to give it a some more
water now and then hopefully by the time
I get back tomorrow night it's gonna be
all bushy and happy again so you're a
star right now we're actually in front
not that you can see much oh okay
you can see the sky away from Paris I
have been I have been doing the like
layout kind of review for my book this
is a little bit of a sneak peek because
this is just like the title but I've
been do it I don't know what I can show
you like I'll show you this picture huh
sneak peek but yeah I've just spent the
last like hour and half going through
this and like writing my notes when I
understand changing like bits of the
layout cuz all the text is done just
changing the layout and like bits
pictures that need like tweaking or
whatever if they need like a different
picture I'm gonna go through like 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 pictures that I want to
change for different pictures of the
same picture if I make sense select from
the same photo tissue but slightly
differently
so that's the last thing I need to do
and then we're on to round 2 of that so
when once they made all of the kind of
layout amendments then I'll get it back
again in giant form like this is like
major and then ya go through it again
and check it over one last time so we've
arrived at guys not which is actually my
least favorite train station ever
because it's always full of really scary
men and they're trying to like a
pickpocket here and stuff and you always
get worn by all the taxi drivers don't
get pickpocketed at garden or and it's
also raining but I've just arrived in my
hotel room and I thought I would do a
mini tour before we head out for dinner
we're going out for dinner with the
bourgeois girls who we just traveled
over with so this is my room it's very
cute has a giant bed as well the bed
looks like ridiculously oversized in
comparison to the size of the room and
then I have a little desk and I'm
uploading a video already and I have a
chair and a table and then I don't
really have a great view because I'm
like overlooking a courtyard but I do
have a cute little like prison style
what would you even call this like a
balcony window kind of situation and it
is the world's most miserable day in
Paris or the miserable evening and then
through here I've got like a little
wardrobe situation and a full-length
mirror hello and then this is the
bathroom which has amazing lighting for
makeup I've just been touching up my
makeup and the shower is super cool and
modern and that is it I'm gonna go out
for dinner now I'm so hungry
this is my dinner guys look how amazing
it's cause with sweet potato and it
looks so so yummy I've just got back to
my room and I'm thinking about making
some hot chocolate
cacao fantasy is that hot chocolate
sound like it should be but it's made by
dough Egberts which is a coffee brand
Jane's milk
it must be let's try this out I hate
these little kettles they're so weird
you have to like go and fill them up in
the bathroom as well but just feels
wrong this tap
right out of control as well if you turn
it on too quick it goes like straight
out and squares you in the kind of
waistline area seems like a lot of
chocolate for quite a small much but
it's definitely hot chocolate smells
very chocolatey and I've now got all
over my finger I'm also in the process
of downloading the new game of thrones
which I have missed it was playing last
night at two o'clock in the morning like
I said in yesterday's vlog and Mike
wouldn't let me watch it
my face is really red as well I've just
done like a peel overnight thing on my
face because like I said yesterday it's
not looking great the sport my nose
right here is like trying to take over
my whole face so I'm not very happy
about that but hopefully it'll be a bit
better tomorrow for the shoot but yes
I'm trying to download Game of Thrones
but it's making me do like an update of
Silverlight I mean I never really use go
I go I always use like Netflix or
whatever so I guess I open this up and
do the update and then we let me watch
Game of Thrones please yes
install my password in okay apparently
it's worked so now maybe if i refresh it
it will let me watch it you need to be
asked I go extra customer to download
this program are you kidding me we must
have that my quake pays so much money a
month this guy
what what's in your sky package I don't
understand with a 73 pounds a month oh
my god Mike didn't tell me that guy's
outrageous I can't if we can't watch
Game of Thrones I'm gonna have a hissy
fit guy come on sky not impressed with
this hang on hang on
it's letting me click watch watch says
they're like but it's not telling me
what I can't watch it cuz I'm in Paris
I'm gonna have to try and watch it
illegally which I hate doing gives like
a beautify receive okay I've given up on
trying to watch Game of Thrones because
it won't let me watch it and I don't
want to like trawl the depths of the
internet trying to find a streaming link
there's probably just a virus on my
computer so I'm gonna have to wait till
tomorrow night I'm not happy about it
and I look like absolute death right now
I've got my hot chocolate in bed right
now I need to work out what to watch on
Netflix tricky decisions thinking about
watching Zed nation but I don't know if
this is gonna be really too scary to
watch on my own in a hotel room have any
of you guys watch this I know you won't
reply in time but mmm I can't decide so
I've gone for the Shadowhunters series
which I don't know it's probably gonna
be really bad to be honest I watched the
film version of it I haven't read the
books but I thought gonna give it a go
see what happens that's probably gonna
be it for tonight I'll see you in the
morning I've got a really early start
what do we have but about 6:00
because we are shooting from about 9:00
I think no eight actually we're leaving
here at half 7:00 so yeah see you in the
morning bye
