good morning guys so today I am outside
with face mask on I just put this on so
actually did green kills one that was
talking about in the vlog with Anna I
don't know if you guys remember us I
haven't tried the green one I really
like the orange one
so like this morning Sunday morning I'm
going to try the green face mask so that
is on I'm just letting the dogs out for
a whiie in the poo I would show you them
but they're doing a poo it's not very
attractive and Mike's not up yet so I'm
gonna make him a cup of tea and maybe
some breakfast although I think he used
up the last of the eggs yesterday
morning when he made me breakfast in bed
so kind of open one and he was playing
on it all of yesterday so feel like I'm
gonna repay the favor
he go the dogs have stopped doing their
business and are now just looking to you
in the garden you ready guys guys they
take a lot of notice off me clearly on
another note I do think I'm gonna zoom
in I think
piglets first eating grass right now I
think piglets fur is slightly better
I've been brushing it every day and I
generally think it's a little bit better
she's still really fluffy but I have
hope
I have hope guys making a tea things
like snuggled right into my neck I'm
trying not to get facemask or never
we're making tea pig she's like yeah
whatever okay so because we don't have
eggs I'm making him toast toast resolve
let's do this
it's not the most Flamborough first in
bed and he's it does have a Christmas
mug Bert's think good effort on my part
on Sunday morning night so it is
lunchtime now I have basically been
editing my lookbook video which is going
up today for the past like three hours
it took me ages to find music for it
which if you guys make videos on YouTube
any of you do you'll know it's like the
bane of our existence finding good music
to use on YouTube is really hard and
then even when you do it by the rights
to it you then upload it and it gets a
copyright claim on it which you have to
then dispute and it's just the whole
thing is just really annoying so anyway
I've managed to find a track I actually
quite like sounds a bit like postal
service you guys Postal Service so yeah
I've used that and then it's taken me
ages to edit it and I'm not like the
happiest that I could be about it they
look quite a few like not very nice well
only a few not quite a few comments like
saying not very nice things about my
figure and my get ready with me and it's
obviously like the same footage em from
the days before and stuff that I had to
use the lookbook so I'm a bit like a bit
like I don't know I know I shouldn't be
like that and I shouldn't let myself
like let other people get me down but
this weekend I just had I don't know you
know whenever somebody writes a comment
and you're like mmm that's really mean
so anyway I've been doing that this
morning it's now lunchtime mike has gone
out to the driving range to perhaps his
golf because I think he's got some kind
of big golf competition this week and
I'm cooking some lunch as per usual I am
foraging from the fridge I think
actually Mike's just been shopping and
he's on his way back so I could wait but
I'm actually really hungry because I
haven't any breakfast and it's nearly 2
o'clock so I've got broccoli
I've got courgettes I'm just putting it
all on the table here I've definitely
got frozen prawns in the freezer which
I'm going to use and I think I'm gonna
do use the rest of those rice noodles I
use the other day and do some kind of
variation on the other thing that I make
it
so prawns what else forgot peppers but I
didn't really like peppers that much
only like them into certain situations
spinach which still looks good and then
on rice noodles a bit of a mess in here
because I just stripped the bed I've
also just made I'd probably say it's
like half a green juice out of the
leftover courgettes
at the ends of the courgette the stalk
of the broccoli and apple and the
leftover spinach because spinach goes
off tomorrow so yay
mission accomplished again it's kind of
like history repeats itself from the
other day but it tastes good piglet and
squidge have been getting on so much
better recently look at me when in fluff
balls we're having a couple's gym
session right now and a cat brownie
wants to join in image you silly monkey
what you doing Oh call this one as well
you lot get out of here uh-oh look at
her but I want to join in
so the gym is done we had a couples gym
session I think we got it good I'm happy
in a minute check you out
so today Mike is cooking dinner for my
mom and dad I'm coming around for dinner
and mike is cooking because because
somebody hates Sunday well dislikes
I don't like something raised very much
so my cooking okay that's special yeah
we've only had I'm wearing I want to say
Tom Ford really good see the John
masters it's Oliver Tate I think it's
awesome because I know what's not
I need to go and have a shower is what
needs to happen but my videos just gone
live I'm sneaking a little bit of mic
sneaky pitabread and red pepper hummus
wait hang on a minute
what did you just say I didn't know was
in your vocabulary well you see when you
got an offer in return I eat there is a
load of it there being a lot of it
doesn't mean there's anything because in
return
Sherman's dish wow he's learned a new
word guys I'm sneaking a peek at Mike's
cooking oh my favorite thing in the
world this might be the tastiest meal
but it is definitely the most messy yes
it's like a lucky dip Mike put half God
half salmon in I think probably mostly
some love girls whatever would and we
got asparagus as well and the world's
best hot sauce people ask me that mom
it's the Louisiana one actually it's not
as good as Frank's but it comes in this
jumbo size next I think I'm gonna get a
jumbo size of Frank's slightly spicier
than Frank's I think courgette II
anihilation happened finished now I'm
really full this is Mike quite
terrifyingly practicing something to do
with golf apparently what is this Mike
you are such a geek I just walked in I
was like ah it's quite scary though
because it's quite long the dog is
getting really frustrated with as well
because it looks like a tennis ball
she's just sulking in the sitting room
now so I've come upstairs to run a nice
oh that was actually close a nice bath
if I can do this I'm gonna use my
aromatherapy Associates oil which is one
of my favorites this is the de-stress I
was never really a fan of waffles before
I tried or in therapy associates they're
actually genuinely like so good you need
like a tiny amount and it fills up like
your whole bedroom and
bathroom why would it fill your bedroom
it fills my bedroom with the scent can
my bathroom is next to my bedroom but it
feels like your whole bathroom and like
there just are so nice anyway I'm also
packing right now for tomorrow because I
am off to Paris tomorrow for a really
exciting shoot on Wednesday so I
actually go to London tomorrow morning
and then tomorrow late afternoon I'm
going to Paris and then Wednesday I've
got a video shoot with a brand so the
brief was like pastel blue and pastel
pink so I'm taking I wanted to wear my
own clothes or take a selection of my
own clothes that I can wear my own
clothes just in case because sometimes
if you go to shoots like those stuff
that I don't really like and the style
is trying to put you in stuff so I
usually take like a few things of my own
so I'm taking this little t-shirt which
is an H&M one which has like this
embellished bit around the collar I'm
taking this ASOS shirt which has the
blue kind of like crochet stuff I put
this in a whole video and so many people
really really liked it and I was kind of
unsure about it at first but everyone
seems to really like it so I'm taking
that it's got the blue and then I'm
taking my like dusky pink shirt I'm also
probably gonna take this baby blue shirt
dress as well as my pink leather jacket
and then I also want to take a couple of
dresses as well to give me some options
I've now got a clay mask on and the hair
mask because my skin's been like really
bad recently and my really bad like
really bad for me I've never really had
really bad skin issues but I've just had
a few massive spots freezing I can feel
another one coming up you can even see
it through my mask like right there so
I'm like I'm gonna put a clay mask on
and try and draw out all of the rubbish
that is hiding in my skin I and my hair
mask as well so I've got on the olaplex
hair Perfector which is a recent or
fairly recent discovery for me but it's
actually really good I think it's gonna
be in my monthly favourites it's like a
little sneak peek and so I've got that
on and I sleep in that overnight and
then I've got on my Kiehl's rare deep
claw deep pore cleansing mask and I'm
not gonna sleep on this cuz can you
imagine what my pillow would look like
when I wake up in the morning
just found out that Game of Thrones
Season six which airs tonight in the
States actually simultaneously airs in
the UK at 2:00 a.m. tonight so when we
got a sense if I can convince Mike that
is a good idea to stay up to watch it I
know he's gonna say no because it's
actually on like 9 p.m. on Monday as
well so I'm not gonna be here for that
I'm gonna be in Paris so I'm thinking
maybe it's a good idea to stay up and
watch Game of Thrones I'm so excited
it turns out what was the glance this is
staying up late to watching two Game of
Thrones no I think I use ready out of
like hell no he's watching Peter Kay
really really loudly yeah yeah so that
sucks I'm eating an apple and sitting
here you be watching it now I want to
show you this book sitting fight it's
like a minute it's fun to funny really a
rewind again fingers being so unfaithful
right now huh oh now you want to cuddle
do you pig legs huh huh do I just get
the back of your head blue you are so
sassy but the other doggies are
downstairs in bed yeah
Oh through Veatch you want to sleep up
here he'll never let you will never let
you that's gonna be it for today guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye come on
tricky bedtime
