good morning everyone welcome to my
Saturday the car is beeping and its
really annoying Mike's just left the
door open because there's a package that
someone is left by the gate let's see
what it is is it for me it's for you
might never get supposed no have you
something boring everything or even just
this beep is really annoying
no fish no okay stop stop the beeping
stops all right what you do like this is
Mike's opening technique in the back of
the car is it exciting can't wait any
longer
tension is palpable what a monkey anyway
so today as promised yesterday we are
going to HomeSense
we're going shopping Mike instigated it
what is it
it's gonna be really boring yeah homey
stuff oh yo cleaner wheel cleaner that
is not exciting pink will clean it up so
when you make on your wheels
it turns the wheels pink yeah and then
you wash off I had some of these mints
late last year and might like them so
much he ordered some one Amazon but he
ended up ordering a pack of like 12 of
these packs so now we have one in every
room in every situation of every
possibility they're actually really good
Mike's just laughing at me because every
time I have mint or gum or anything this
minty except for real mint I sneeze why
is anyone else sneeze when the hello
because I thought it was a normal thing
until Mike sounded laughing at me it's
their head or normal but I did have
friends at school that did the same I
really yeah
so maybe if you have a sense we stopped
for a cheesy Starbucks lunch and this
cream cheese all over my bag we got
salmon cream cheese bagels for lunch
dance another might got one too and
copied me because he thinks he's really
cool bass not I think we should get this
from mike's bedside table but we have
actually found this which I'm very
excited about it's a little table for
the spare room it's damaged this is my
standard thing to do when we're shopping
for home stuff you suggested it's mister
cushion what you currently do check you
out
so we're in the car right now on our way
to the cinema we have abundance in
modern ages we're going to see the
jungle book because we're both 5 Mike's
actually five and a half I major keratin
from which is land what's the monkey
jungle
I'm the King of Swing is what's his name
I was like oh shit God really evil one
what's his name multiple Gary's do you
hang your time King Louie Louie that's
who I played when I was kid swingers
yeah just go be happy either way it's
not doesn't have singing it must have so
I think it looks amazing and I'm very
very excited to be good and although
Fernando's I actually think they're
really good but they're really slow it
took a few takes to say that because I
kept fluffing it up because my brain is
going but we've had the most lazy
Saturday ever
DIY actually but man we get out my
pajamas till midday you're amazing
someone's just taken my phone away but
it's still on his phone we've got some
oh yeah excuse me snapchatting me
vlogging
look at this is my favorite one the
lemon and the herb and then garlic Perry
Perry comes too close second i don't get
the hot sauces because I get extra hot
chicken yeah yeah and he's still on his
phone how
I'm super excited cuz I just been
texting my friend tarty and I found out
that she's gonna be in Vegas at the same
time that I'm gonna be in Vegas in many
and she might also be coming to London
in June so I'm gonna see low-status
you know an agent who's excited about it
we are around our food has arrived
I got quarter chicken oh you didn't
order me extra hot you only ordered me
hot I'll never forgive you and then I
got peas and sweet corn and Mike got
that she looks really good at a mango
and lime butterfly burger with chips and
corn I'm gonna steal a chip because he's
got very pretty salt chips oh yeah
okay so seeing as Mike was being naughty
in this game take a mix I'm gonna choose
a few select can we actually I think we
should have separate bags because this
could result in a bit of a fight really
can I have a but can you get me a
backhand someone handing in I'm just
gonna take your bag I don't think you
can one hand pick a mix you might have
to help me with this can I can you
actually what they got in the middle can
you put one of those in I don't know if
I want to take it on this or do I want
to risk it don't want to risk it with
the cola oh just one I do this if I can
mix I might I want one of those and one
strobe just to buy one yeah one just one
there's so many that I like want one of
everything
mmm yeah one see that's why I didn't
that's why no don't know Mike had three
what else do we want what else do we
want what else do we want what would you
guys have what is your favorite oh the
cherries look and they have the fizzy
cherries and the non fizzy Terry's have
one of each look you can do two in one
convenient one of those one normal
cherry they're quite good oh they're
quite good as well I don't like when
they've got the fat inside the like the
skinny ones of those yes one of those
how long are they they I know too long
too long oh oh wait maybe a giant fizzy
Cola but no no no no I want this mmm
maybe - I need more I think anymore that
was amazing actually what I've seen in
quite a long time I thought it was
really good I used to love the jungle
book when I was younger and I always get
a bit worried about these kind of things
that they're gonna ruin it for me but it
was seriously good
it had me laughing had a little bit of a
t-shirt really all good when she he was
saying goodbye to his mom and they put
their heads together
it's officially hailing everybody in
April at the end of April no less
outrageous so we just finished watching
daddy's home which I was kind of excited
to watch but it actually wasn't as good
as I thought it would be definitely has
got nothing on stepbrothers which i
guess it would be like the most
comparable to and actually got better at
the end to be fair but the beginning
like the first the first half an hour
was good and then the middle like hour
was really bad and then it got funny at
the end anyway I'm going to bed now I
don't know if I've spoken about my
jumper in this vlog Mike did it on his
snapchat I think I forgot I haven't worn
this in ages I bought him from whistles
a couple of years ago maybe like 18
months ago and I love it because it's
got my name on it in case you guys
forget my name is I'm going to bed now
see you all in the morning okay
