good morning everyone we're off to the
gym we haven't been to Germany ages well
actually it's honest I don't recognize
this person here hello what's your name
Sebastian I've actually been to the gym
that last week yep we news go see Ali
did you go independent personal trainer
time let's go get our ass what you T
we're cooking eggs for breakfast and
still arguing about mics hair I just I
mean well
what else have you got to say how does
he work out oh patio slabs really
excited to tell you guys we're putting
in a pizza up and how cool is that going
just outside I don't know the focus is
going
kraslow usually we're putting in a pizza
oven outside we'll be able to see it
from the kitchen is go in there which
were very excited about because Mike's
wanted one for ages and he got it don't
drop it
I'm gonna do that don't blame me for
everything that wasn't me who else was
in it with me I've been here must have
been you Mike got a pizza oven from his
parents for his 30th birthday yes
because he's an old man
and it's going in like next week
so Mike's pulling up the patio slabs
today 9 editing well so much editing to
do from Coachella I can't even at least
someone like see new hair
Oh Phoebe loves loving noise right now
yes he's like clinging on to a spot on
my shoulder right now I know sometimes
she like sits on Mike's shoulder it's
really funny
maybe even so annoyed guys I just
chipped my gel it's not a massive chip
but it's there
I've had this on for two weeks I was
marveling this morning at how well it
stayed on and chip time so annoying so I
made myself a little mid-afternoon hot
chocolate just a little one because it's
kind of a naughty treat but I'm also
finishing off editing my get ready with
me for Coachella which is meant to be
going up at 5 o'clock today which is in
two hours so I've set up camp in the
sitting room let's do this excuse me
that was my hot chocolate cup you're
licking what do you think you're doing
you naughty little rascal
go ahead come on then use your pouf
little monkey come on my pirate dog my
little pirate dog you rascal I don't
want kisses no no no I've now got a bum
snuggling piglet he's so cute
so we're about to go out for drinks and
dinner with my parents and a few of
their friends they did like every Friday
night a few of our friends are there
tonight because they're kids at home so
are you gonna come one outfit the day
for me very quickly today I am wearing
got a little walk my pink one second let
me put focus is crazy focused today I'm
wearing leather jacket from All Saints
that I have not really taken off since I
bought it
I've got on this little stripy number
from Zara
tied like this
about a couple of people in Korea and
then I've got on the top shoppings I
bought yesterday these are the
girlfriend jeans super comfy and now my
boots are from Hudson and I also have
this little necklace which is from Daisy
do you like it very pretty
and then my nails which are chipped
matte and then this one has Krista's
hair this evening whoa you actually look
really young young fella married young
gentlemen these days I mean oh I mean I
think you secretly quite liked it like
yeah so I come in here Mike's just put
on a movie which is actually Daybreakers
which I'd forgotten I had seen before
but I had seen it before and it's really
good but there is absolutely no room for
me on this sofa right I mean I could sit
here right Ricky you're the nicest Timmy
we got treacle here cuddled up she's
been naughty and been after the
neighbor's chickens today looking a
little guilty face you've been trying to
eat the chickens and squidge is here
she's really stubborn about moving
piglet is maxing relaxing there's some
all sorts of gore going on on the TV
and then we've got the two kitty cats
sitting on Mike's lap where am I
supposed to sit it's bedtime for us it's
what's time like cop12
hmm quietly well not really for a Friday
night I'm Chris no old and not cool haha
can we go die intense tomorrow oh my god
I forgot to say on the vlog so we were
in the car on the way home from dinner
and Mike turned to me and said what are
you doing tomorrow I was like oh you
know what's the maddest thing to do and
listen that but probably only a couple
of hours what of you what are you doing
he was like well I just didn't know if
you fancied going to bister or shopping
what said Mike never but can we go to
HomeSense
I know it's not best the shopping this
he makes it seem like he says yes all
the time okay guys he does not normally
the weekends if I ask if we go shopping
he's like no
because we still need a dressing-table
mirror and a dressing-table stool before
we can film our bedroom tour it's so
much ok I'm still servicing the curtains
are not coming until May the night yeah
I know
no no it might be June a cot remember
the date they're not coming for at least
three weeks anyway
I think it might be June tonight yeah I
can't remember a way I wish back no oh
you only one camera that's so
unattractive see you all tomorrow we're
going shopping apparently like a
