good morning everyone and welcome to my
Thursday today I am heading to London I
actually woke up this morning about 7:30
and my jet lag is not too bad I actually
have to say I feel much better I can
still do with a coffee definitely you do
with a coffee but I do feel better I
wanted to do a quick outfit today
got it such a mess in my office so don't
look at the reflection but this is what
I am wearing today feels a little bit
vicar like I don't know why I'm just
feeling like the black and white today
I've got on a mango shirt underneath my
Topshop leather dress and then I also
have all my crew pulls my pull my jacket
back my coupons belt that I got this
village a couple of weeks ago then I
have all an All Saints blazer and tights
and then my coupons boots so it looks a
little something like this
what do you think - vicarage would you
like it yeah so I'm heading off to
London today Mike's just walking the
dogs and the cats I'm not going to show
you because I actually really upset me
the cat's first brought in a dead mouse
which isn't even quite dead yet it's
like dying on the floor and it's really
stressing me out and oh wait um Mike
comes back heading off to London today
for three different events the first one
is with Charles Wellington and I haven't
been asked to tell you guys about it yet
but basically I kind of collaborated
with him on his new kind of creative
images for the year and I am in one of
them like I was the hem you guys see a
picture of me like you have never seen
me before let's put it that way
prepare yourselves this one is
protesting because she doesn't want to
come inside be fair they look like
somebody's in-law moon oh yeah I'll see
you later like I said you're also gonna
say goodbye to you right now my hair
generally thing I'm really sure I'm very
short no Mike nobody's happening please
don't you're not coming with me a little
rascal
cuz she's so cocky we've just got to
London and I popped to the studio to
water my plants sometimes guys they look
pretty damn dead no I'm gonna water them
and see if they'll come back to life
let's hope for a miracle
they look like there might be slightly
slightly still alive a little bit but
sad times I've only been away for a week
as well that's the problem I've got
nobody to water my plant cross your
fingers for my little lavender friends
guys
no sad times I'm just a way way to the
cellos learning to an event which I'm so
excited about because I'm really excited
for you guys to see the image because it
just doesn't look like me at all it's
like a totally different look at me oh
my god guys look at you do you recognize
who that is
I'm on my way now to Topshop have a look
at that Ivy Park collection which is
Beyonce's collection Topshop it launched
last week and I saw all the hype online
but I didn't actually get the chance to
look at any of it because I was away in
bitch Ella so want to go and have a look
and see if it's worth the hype and they
also wanted to show you because my
Instagram pic oh yeah what do you reckon
guys it's sure but I think he actually
looks quite cute
don't tell him I said that there it is
guys what do you think do I need
anything ended up in the top shop
fitting room with I'm in a couple of
pieces only a couple of pieces from Ikea
park though
let's get trying on okay so first of all
this little top which has the awkward
tag hanging out I swear this is the
front with this in the front anyway I
love this color what do you guys think
yay nay needed a front bra and then
these are the Lucas jeans which everyone
has been raving about recently they're
like skinny boyfriend jeans I'm not sure
if they're great on my shape but they're
so comfy they didn't actually I wanted
the lighter wash of these but I didn't
have them in my size first IV bulk
jumper
not sure I'm sold on this I actually
only had extra small or medium so this
is the medium and it's like oversized
but I don't know
I prefer a smaller thing second Ivy Park
jumper this is actually way way softer
on the inside as like super super fleecy
but again I think it's a bit square okay
so next up is this one what do you guys
think kind of and love I love the shape
of this but it's kind of see-through I
don't know what do you think guys
I don't know if they're like drop
shoulder is a bigger head as well it
also 100% had to try these on because I
love the patches I love the front these
are the same shape as the other ones as
well but wait for it I'm not sure about
the bum lastly this top kind of like
your tucked in but slightly reminds me
of a hospital gown so take me I'm gonna
go for it and then leave which quite
like but I don't love oh my god guys I'm
an absolute shock I was just walking
down the street on Oxford Street is
behind me and this horrible man just
came and shoved me out the way I'm not a
bullet punch it was with his fists he
kind of like shoved me in a bag with his
fist and I was so gobsmacked like
absolutely in shock but I didn't even
say anything I was literally just like I
can't believe you just said that like
Oxford Circus is always packed place
it's always full of so many people it's
always busy everyone's going to that and
I was just some people I just can't
believe it and he was also like really
well-dressed as well carrying like a
mulberry hold all and generally looked
like a nice guy could not believe by the
time I family I've always actually say
anything he was gone and I was so angry
you know he fell literally like horrible
not fun anyway I also just spotted this
guy's and it made me actually laugh out
loud this is a picture of the Queen and
her dogs can you see this guy in the
background
looks like a giant fat piglet I think
isn't meant to be a corgi because all of
her other dogs are cookies but normally
cookies don't like that
so I've stopped for a sneaky little
cappuccino before the event I'm actually
going to the opening of the new Kate
Spade store in Regent Street I'm a bit
early so I'm gonna do some editing and
drink this coffee and then head off so
I've just been editing my lookbook from
Coachella right now on my way to the new
Kate Spade shop I think my friend
tomorrow's going which will be good
because I thought what wasn't gonna know
anyone and then that is just super super
cool I've just left the Kate Spade event
and I didn't login X it was so rammed
like I could barely even move and I'm
now on my way to my friend Cherry's book
launch which I'm really excited about
cuz I've heard loads about this book we
actually have the same manager so we
kind of if you guys don't know how
either to be presenter and she starts a
really cool documentary actually and I
met her a few years ago when she was
doing a documentary about shopping and I
was on the show with her and then now we
have the same management so we get some
kind of like crossed paths every now and
again but she's written a book called
letters to my Fanny which I cannot wait
to read she's so funny
so yeah that's where I'm going now well
my camera strap is going crazy oh my god
guys I can't even funny cupcakes
currently walking for the currently
editing my lookbook from Coachella and
house this isn't a con good times so
I've just got home pig it was a little
bit over excited to see me wanky la
bouche hello la bouche you are so cute
and fluffy but more importantly it's
time to see if I've got a new husband
that is social I don't mind so much the
way it looks it's just that the bit that
I love so much about you having long
hair is that I can run my fingers
through it that's like look at this gray
bit today good to be known as hell fed
up with it sometimes let it grow back
really fast
mike has got a chef on which I've wanted
to watch for ages and he started it
without me and I would quite like to sit
in some of this space here switch I'm
sorry kind of taking it all that scuse
me you let me sit there
piglets like no you can't sit here
either you little monkeys oh I'm back in
my happy place with my furry friends I
think it's fair to say that this little
one might have missed me just a little
bit I'm gonna call it a night we'll see
you tomorrow
piglet says good night to you all your
stinky gets ha
