good morning everyone it's official
jetlag is not my friend I want to get
back into bed right now but I've just
made it and I know that would be that'd
be a bad idea so I think it calls for
coffee and cereal for coffee anyone for
coffee
it's definitely magical Coffee time
hurry up machine these are like the best
cereal ever sad times guys what I love
coconut milk MDL it is true he did ask
me and I said nothing you say here's my
breakfast
I feel like an actual zombie but if I
know what a zombie felt like I'm pretty
sure it would be like this I'm also
gonna catch up on the last and final
episode of the OJ Simpson the People vs
OJ Simpson American crime story this is
how bad my brain is not functioning
today hey Jeff Mike I am normally really
good but I did what you're not going to
do yesterday and just fell asleep and
it's my own fault
I'm terrible my sister's texting me
saying because I said I feel like beep
she said goody are you tired or poorly
definitely not poorly just tired so mums
come over to have a little quick cup of
coffee and we're sitting outside in the
garden with our coffees I think
Sunshine's helping with the jet lag it
definitely helps to wake you up without
probably some sunglasses because then
it's bright
turns out I brought the sunshine at home
guys
so my mail just arrived guys and look
what our glass has sent me I'm so
excited to try these they're the new
ambient lighting primers and there are
actually three colors so I've got to I
got luminous light and mood light really
excited to try these because I love the
powders so yeah interesting to see what
these are like I'm gonna put them in my
new in beauty video next month so I'm
going to try them out and then if you
want to know what they like go and check
that video out it'll be up like in a
couple of weeks time I'm currently
searching for something to eat for lunch
and even though Mike went shopping
yesterday he didn't really buy that much
there's some pasta I really know if I
fancy pasta this actually came in a in
the post yesterday which I might eat a
green juice drink that I'm not gonna eat
that how to eat that what else we got a
load of veggies could make some kind of
veggie like a veggie quinoa or something
that might be quite tasty whether or not
we have quinoa is the other question
because I might have eaten it oh wait
what we do have rice noodles yeah okay
so this could possibly be the way it is
combination ever I've got some spinach
some tomato pasta sauce mushrooms the
prawns rice noodles and cashews let's
see where we get with this it could be
dodgy it could be good who knows so this
is where I got to in my makeshift lunch
I think it looks pretty good actually so
I'm currently lying outside in the
sunshine on the grass on a fluffy rug
and I've got my laptop I'm doing some
emails just generally catching up on
everything so letting my diary out for
the next week because I've been away
from for a whole week and when you're
like on opposite time schedule you
should always end up missing some emails
and bits and bobs I'm just kind of
sorting life out editing videos I've
added said all of my vlogs today because
I was so slack when we were away we
ended up getting back so late like every
single day so I just didn't edit my
vlogs and I'm really sorry guys they're
all a bit late but I'm catching up on
those and uploading them and that is
about it for now enjoying sunshine
apparently it might be sunny tomorrow as
well but it's gonna go by the weekend
which is a shame because I want to have
a barbecue in this weather it's amazing
so so nice we just got back from dinner
at my parents which I didn't vlog
because we were just having a general
catch-up because my brother in there I
haven't seen for ages this one is making
me a cup of tea you're making yourself a
cup of devious you make me one as well
okay there you go I walked in you see
this big slob over my mom was like oh
your hand that was like a spot mum
thanks thanks
wait sorry we'll be great story much
more interesting so basically tomorrow I
go for my haircut aside
she was summer cuts I go does it go that
well no no no that's too short just one
thing I need to reply in a moment like
when's Mikey feeling there so much I
think it's gonna happen
you've not you're getting the proper
grades right there one second my fist is
burning did you know do you not like
moms in there no I did
I actually even like me only I play yeah
but I only had half basically a ton of
my chicken and half the day so then when
you guys all came into the world
chatting so I kind of didn't release it
Oh No did you miss me this week and I'm
ready man I missed you did you get all
the messages they said how much I missed
you in my vlogs I didn't wash your box
in it on the basis of not for any other
tell I've more than they're cracking the
whip tape how ring ugly out rude shall
we go and watch something we need a new
series to watch now Walking Dead
Hispanics been doing a million watching
this series about me just to catch up on
three series only was to episode he's
meanie dogs
he's a minute how are you - oh yeah no
I'm terrible
yeah but that's normally my trick you've
just stolen my chain
how are you doing you too my beauties my
fluff my floss nugget and the snuggle
nugget hey the fluff I would like a cup
of tea thank you would you like a cup of
tea squidge a little face yes thank you
breath licking me stinky breath oh you
two are too cute I miss you a lot a lot
a lot I got sent these yesterday I'll
show you guys their biscuits from
biscuit ears which are the cutest
business in the
world and I forgot I ate another one
tonight Bentley Mike did you eat one of
my biscuits I was thinking I need to and
then I thought hang on who else do I
know in this house that likes to eat
biscuits so I only have one left but
there were two lipstick ones here and
then this is a nail varnish how cute
look at it so cute because I want all of
it I might just eat the top where are
you doing there miss piglet
oh are you watching a movie we're
watching The Legend of Barney Thompson
which has in it Robert Carlyle who's one
of my favorite actors you read good he's
real good
it was in 28 weeks later in it and days
why are we putting on a win Yorkshire
because he's not an MT is he Thompson -
it's about a serial killer barber sounds
familiar kind of like Sweeney Todd a
piglet so I definitely just fell asleep
on the sofa watching that film which is
not a good site for the sign for the
film but a good sign for my jet lag so
I'm gonna not wake myself up by vlogging
too long I'm gonna try and go to sleep
because it's about midnight and I'm
hoping if I can sleep all it and ayala
kicked it and I want you to try it
tomorrow so good night guys see you in
the morning bye bye
