so it is our last morning we're going
home today I'm not very excited about
that
I'm so tired we're let's shut the door
we are filming some outfit you need
something oh yeah Sammy's got a 5b and
she like keeps leaving in places I'm
like dude this is like the best camera
ever don't leave it outside on its own
someone will steal it so yeah basically
we are filming some outfit shots for
Anna's channel before we head off a
little packing sad times I really don't
want to go home it's been so much fun
literally been like the best week ever
and the Sun is still out
I feel not great I didn't sleep last
night I don't know what was wrong with
me but my whole body was just like awake
and I was like so tired you know you're
kind of cold and tired and you just get
really like oh I can't sleep and like oh
it was just horrendous and I feel
absolutely hideous this morning totally
oh my god
like the worst and I'm we didn't even
drink that much yesterday but I feel so
tired I think it's just good because the
whole week has been just non-stop and
fun fun and then it's like oh my god I
actually also feel like I've put on a
stone because I've been drinking every
day but yeah it has been so much fun
gonna do this and then we're heading
back to LAX apparently the drive might
be like 4 hours so we'll see I've
managed to misplace my room key so I'm
now just sitting by the pool waiting for
someone to come and let me in I don't
want to go feet in the pool what's the
best feeling and then we're gonna leave
and get stuck in traffic alright so I'm
in a car with just Sammy right now bit
of a disaster
the car came and it is not big enough to
fit all of us and all the luggages so
the others are me to go in another car
it should be fine I feel like we've left
enough time but we were like we're gonna
get there we're stuck in the kitchen of
traffic already so fingers crossed here
we have like four hours for a two-hour
training so hopefully we won't miss our
flight we can say in LA we made it to
the airport we checked in kind of happy
but like kind of gutted at the same time
with this Anna and Reema are still in
their car like an hour away and I'm
still hopeful lately they have a slim
chance of making it like they the
flights have it with delayed apparently
so the lady said if they like run get
hit and run they might make it I'm
hoping we get on the flight and sit down
and come on
just heard from them and pretty sure
they've made it this Apple is so loud I
keep trying to film this vlog and she
keeps talking over me I just don't know
what to do but they're in security now
and we haven't started boarding yet so I
think they're gonna make it me and Sammy
Carly waited for a burger from the mommy
burger we're so hungry we had breakfast
at like 7 o'clock this morning is now
5:00 p.m. we are so hungry we're gonna
eat this like have you seen fantastic
mr. Fox but anyone who has seen
fantastic mr. Fox we're gonna eat it
like that
Mike's favorite film oh my god guys look
ooh yeah baby and we're getting on the
flight thank God I know we're just
relaxing easy
watching
as well as editing some well just make
like collating all the footage from the
lookbook that I shot this week and I
also have a spicy tomato juice it's not
a Bloody Mary I always always drink
tomato juice on flights I don't know why
call me crazy just have it and I love it
oh hi dirty dog this one just got so
unbelievably excited when I came back
she is so funny did you miss me just a
little bit
look she stinky we've been running poopy
glare it's naughty little piglet and I
also just came back was like oh my you
need to throw these away they're
definitely dead he was like I wanted
though I don't think Mike as magical as
water is that it can bring flowers back
to life these ones to look amazing that
I learned some of them aren't even out
yet so nice anyway how are you drinking
your abena thirsty at least you sort of
least I may be bad finally so I finally
got some scissors and I can take these
wristbands off they've been driving me
bananas all of the pain ride because my
actual Coachella one which is light blue
one on the end is so tight I
accidentally pulled it and made it way
tighter and I know some people like to
keep these on but I just cannot wait to
get them off here we go guys it's one
that's two in a cut straight across the
more freedom yeah this one I'm not gonna
cut cuz it's actually a one of those I
don't know how you say like loci bands
they're stretchy ones there that's quite
cool but basically if you're wondering
why so many like a ridiculous ridiculous
amount of wristbands every party you go
to Coachella has its own wrist band so
we went to the revolve party two days
the Levi's party neon carnival that's
the pass for the thingy pediatric
festival so mike is officially the best
husband in the world and has cooked me
this for dinner how yummy does this look
asparagus spicy rice and cod and veggies
I've got a little parrot piglet behind
me as well all right baby
we've been having to snooze in here
haven't we hashtag jet lag oh my god my
hair looks even worse they've literally
been sleep on the same fare or on and
off all day I don't think I've ever been
so tired what an insane trip I finally
managed to get my vlog from the first
day of Coachella up but oh my god I'm I
just am so so tired like we just barely
had any sleep the whole week and we just
busy busy busy I'm sitting here now with
the piglet poo and I've been brushing
her because I finally got a brush which
a lot of you guys recommend it she also
just chewed this up know what he piglets
a lot of you guys recommended to get one
of these it's like grooming rake so it's
not like the furminator one we're
actually like cuts their hair but it
pulls out the fluffy undercoat as you
can see there is some fluffy under go in
there right now I think it's doing a
pretty good job it is pulling out quite
a lot she's enjoying it as well she gets
like a little boo massage all the time
she loves said someone's muscled in here
because she loves being brushed so much
even though you don't need it but
squidgy just loves it she's like me me
me hello my bed it's been so long how I
have missed you see you tomorrow guys
bye bye
