good morning guys and welcome to the
third and final day of Coachella I've
still got my voice so it's a good start
I'm on my way to meet the girls for
breakfast and I'm so hungry it's like
half ate but I woke up at half 6:00 like
ready to eat so now I am really really
really ready to eat for the Sun is out
and yeah I'm super excited for the last
day there's actually loads of people we
want to see today so I think it's gonna
be a really good one we're having some
pool time this is the first time I've
laid out properly by the pool in a
bikini in a long time and it's amazing
we are on our way to do some yoga I've
got my new yoga mat and yeah let's see
how it goes I have a feeling these guys
going to be really super Pro and
flexible so I'm going to be like all
right after that workout the other day I
don't thinking there will be no touching
no touching no touching for me either
no touching guys no touching oh there's
a tennis court
do we like tennis very much it's
happening guys I've also got a really
disgusting blisters on top of my foot
from my boots yesterday a lot fun so we
just got back from yoga and I'm now
doing my makeup ready to go to the
revolt party we're going back to the
revolt house and then we're going to the
festival because the I think the first
act we want to see you today is in 1975
and they're not onto like six something
so doing my makeup I have to say I
didn't have the best experience doing
yoga I really really did not like the
teacher like she was I don't know I felt
like she was picking on picking on me a
little bit because I was the only one
that like didn't do her a lot and she
was like well don't do this don't do
this and almost instead of like helping
me and like telling me like what might
be good she would just like point out
the fact well I wasn't very good I was
like thanks dude so yeah I wasn't for
her but I did like yoga so maybe I'm
gonna do a bit more yoga and feature I
also just stayed sprayed inside
hairiness stinks he's someone eaten by
mosquitos we're about to film our very
last outfit of the day for Coachella Sat
times I've been loving filming every day
it's been so fun back at revolve for day
two because it's the best party we've
been to so far look how awesome this is
guys oh such cool flowers so have in and
out guys life made and we're gonna go
down there and in the night they're
making these DIY fanny packs at Birchbox
this is so funny we don't call them
fanny packs not coloring in between the
lines it's weird cuz when you you color
in different stuff it makes it look
different it's a good situation right
now
in the drink yes yes yes yeah we do all
of the other balls in the pool behind us
in their own little area anyone know who
they are going on the slides actually
someone's coming down on the slide did
he wimp out we're going down the slide
this is actually quite high I'm quite
scared right now I'm actually a little
bit scared of heights but
and you don't Stan will be fine are you
ready guys yeah
are you ready that's why I'm gonna jump
wait I don't have my feet in there do I
need my feeling
wait hang on because my feet might might
have they might have friction a ready
Wow are you guys there's quite slow to
be honest you know we were like freaking
out about famous birth to me behind so I
didn't have any one favorite spa it was
later on in the cameo absolutely the end
of the party and we're not meant to be
lying on the hammocks anymore but we're
definitely lying on the hammocks look at
this sunset it's amazing you're mad to
get run over I'm not really but look at
it it's amazing we went in the sneaky
sneaky area oh my god it's dusty can we
actually go in here is this legal yeah
yeah we can make it legal
this is the drink and burger situation
right now everyone's all about the
chicken burgers Brooklyn Beckham is
there standing behind us brother is
making a face salad in my teeth I see
Cara was amazing she was actually
amazing
she is playing now we're bit late we're
late we're catching up we can't wait I
love SIA oh my god this is the best
night ever
we're on our way to see Calvin Harris
yeah I've just gone back to my room and
take it all my makeup off I'm leaving my
flats in because I cannot be bothered to
take them out right now it's the bellhop
boss one I've had such a good day in
such a whole weekend a whole the whole
weekend a good weekend in general it's
literally been one of the coolest trips
ever and yeah we just finished saying
Calvin Harris again my voice is hoarse
and took us so long to get out and find
the car because they were sending the
cars like round and round and round and
wouldn't let you pull over anywhere it
was crazy
I'm call it a night tonight because I'm
struggling to keep my lid when I'm that
tired but I'll see you tomorrow
got a flight home I can't wait to see
Mike at the end of it and the puppies as
well yeah I hope you have a great day
and evening whenever you're watching
this I'm basically half asleep and I'll
see you tomorrow I guess
