good morning guys and welcome to
Coachella day two I sound a little bit
hoarse today because the dust here is
insane like clogs up your nose and your
throat and obviously we're out pretty
late and everything so yeah my voice is
not so good but I just ordered if I can
move this chair crazy I just ordered
some room service I'm sitting down to
eat my breakfast
I am super hungry I'll show you what
I've got I went for a kind of healthy
option because the rest of this trip has
nothing very healthy I got some melon
it's like a fruit plate with pineapple
and then it's also got some vanilla
yogurt and banana bread and I also got a
half a grapefruit which I probably
didn't need but I really fancied it some
grapefruit juice and some coffee I'm
gonna eat this now and then I think
we're reconvening in the jacuzzi or by
the jacuzzi in like five minutes so I'm
going to do that and then I will see you
out in the sunshine I had the best day
yesterday I can't wait for today it's
gonna be so much fun so I just saw my
makeup for the day this is what it looks
like I've got a bit darker today because
my outfit you guys can see it past my
wrist band is a bit more like grungy
looking so yeah I've gone for kind of a
smokey eye
that's what it looks like this is what
I've used on my fast today the Tarte
foundation which I am seriously loving
it lasts such a long time so so good
especially something like Westerwelle as
well because you want your makeup to
last a really long time and yeah it's
gonna like swell for face most of the
time but it's great and then I was
pretty but it's great and then I've used
this which is the Rimmel Kate Moss
contour palette I just used the blush
and the contour from this kind of quite
like it's pretty good and then I've used
my Becca highlighter again and then for
the smokey eye
I used my NARS and God created the woman
palette and I use this matte color all
over the lid this on the inside and then
I use the black to kind of smoke it out
and then I also use my Urban Decay 24/7
line improvise
on the waterline and then also let me
show you guys on the waterline but also
like underneath a bit and on the top and
then just smudged it all out and then I
used my Marc Jacobs velvet wall mascara
which is insane I don't have false
lashes on state I did have them on that
yesterday but I don't have them today
when I finish off my hair and then shoot
my outfit video for the day I'm going to
show you a sneak peak because I feel
like you guys are probably still wanna
watch the lookbook and I'm gonna show
you like all the outfits to ruin the
lookbook but this is my outfit for the
day so I have on this little t-shirt
which I'm gonna try not to get makeup on
by touching exciting to wash my hands
first
which is from hm and I have on my
Topshop bikini under here which is like
the Missoni kind of ripoff one which is
actually so nice really really good fine
if you guys are looking for a Missoni a
squeaky knee for like 25 quid Topshop
and then I have on my round
I have on my jewellery which I've got
this star necklace which is from you gem
born and then I have this star necklace
can you tell her like stars which is
from Asti o'clock and then I have this
one which is from Daisy and I got given
this when we arrived and I absolutely
love it I love where it sits it's like
right between your boobs but yeah it's
quite good a spot and then I have on my
shorts which are from ASOS the only
problem is I love this belt and I want
to wear this belt with them but the like
buckles are too big to fit through the
loop of the belt so I have to like make
sure it's like always on the waistband
as opposed to like riding up but this is
from the Koopas I got this in festive
village the other day and then I also
have on a red shirt around my waist
which is from rails and then yeah my a
sauce shorts which are quite short like
I'm not feeling that confident about my
legs in this outfit but I keep like
trying to pull them down a little bit
and then I have on my pupils boots as
well as your like western style everyone
is wearing these like Western bells at
Coachella it's crazy so yeah they're
really nice I love them I think they do
an intro up in the moment as well so
that is my outfit
we're shooting a cheeky little outfit
video here Reem is helping me the pro
photographer for the weekend and it's so
cute in here look at this a line of
trees yay we are just going into the
Levi's is it a party or a sweet I don't
know
apparently we're doing like yeah a bit
of ice currently ordering suppose you
come by margarita and they're playing no
scrubs basically loving life right now
so we've just got to the kill section
where they're making custom serums and
this bike is like Mike's bike and he
would be freaking out right now I miss
them so much
yeah I'm loving the neon sign too and
they have these this is my favorite mask
that you know I like that one
well yeah I actually you know what I
haven't properly tried this one yet but
that one is really good in well G and
where's that stuff there I stuff I don't
think they have it they have this insane
i stuff that we've all been using this
morning because we're really I genuinely
thought I had mascara under my eyes this
morning and it was bags he's not good
situation how entirely sure what's going
on over here and both Sammy on a
motorbike I mean Sammy's officially my
hottest friend ever just FYI we're now
on our way over to revolt why don't you
can hear big loud we're at the revolt
party and it is so windy right now but
it looks awesome like it is are we in a
film right now and I just said is this
real life we're in a movie we're in an
American frat party movie got a banana
Bailey's smoothie right now
we're walking through the desert right
now trying to find out who but to get to
James Bay in time I'm not sure it's
going to happen not looking good guys
running in the desert for running
running for the uber it's hot we're
running we just got through the queue to
get into the festival and we miss James
May and he was like my number one person
that I wanted to see I'm very sad right
now but the sun is shining so it's all
good and there's burgers that was a good
show and there are burgers what a
meatball sub going on there we've got
deep fried broccoli that is the thing
deep fried broccoli I've already tried
it
it's great have not tried this yet it
looks right we're going to see other no
George here is on stage right now in
this tent which looks very lights up my
head which is always good at the moon
that is the moon it looks like a weird
spot but it is the moon everyone else is
hanging out here oh my god I'm so tired
I feel like I can fall asleep right now
jet lag it's not fun look how pretty
those guys were on our way to see Paul C
and it is so busy right now
they have like lampshades in the trees
we've all taken our shoes off
ready
Elsie's amazing oh my god guys Brendon
Urie Woodham hug and then playing honey
at home
that was pretty much the coolest thing
I've seen as a model I nearly died it
was amazing we are now walking back over
to reconvene with some other friends and
watch Ice Cube basically something
it's crazy crazy crazy
sometimes when it really thirsty and in
really hot and your throat Israeli coke
it's all you need this made me feel so
much better
happy moment right now
we're on our way back to the hotel and
we're having a snack fest in the back of
the car look at these little things
grandma's mini sandwich creams with
peanut butter just what I needed
oh my goodness guys have literally just
gone back to my room I am so tired my
earrings like falling off the dinies
table I had such a good day it was so
much fun
my favorite part always without a doubt
a hole see when Brendon Urie came on and
they sang together disco I just freaks
out like I cannot tell you how much I
loved panic this guy
well that much really freaked me out
someone just like wheeled past at all I
just they were my favorite brand brand
my favorite band when I was a teenager I
was obsessed with them and I just went
nuts everyone went nuts when he came out
it was so so good and Guns and Roses
have also awesome Axl Rose actually
broke his foot to his ankles so he was
like in a throne and he couldn't really
move around so it's not really ideal I
guess when you're headlining a massive
festival and you can't kind of get up
but it was still really good and I the
sound actually was amazing like his
voice was awesome which I think when a
band of been around for such a long time
you don't really know what to expect but
there was a super super cool I sound so
hoarse I can't tell you like one thing I
noticed last year as well is that how
the dust affects your throat it's crazy
and also so many people are smoking weed
like it is mad I just yeah I mean it's
not something I've ever really done I've
been exposed to that much so it's like
the dust combined with like passive weed
smoking makes your chest just like
absolutely heavy and thick and just feel
horrible so I just drank like three
bottles of water and I do feel a bit
better but I swear by the end of this
weekend I'm gonna have a zero voice I'm
gonna try and FaceTime like oh the other
thing I want to show you with licking my
shoes look at this guy's this how dirty
they are on my new boots they need such
a good clean this is so like I actually
like wiped here on
front of it like this is like all dust
you need a good clean my friends
