good morning guys so I thought I would
vlog today
I haven't blogged in apps ages as you
guys if you've been following this
channel we'll know most of my vlogs for
the past months all of them for the past
months have been about pregnancy so I
want to do some more daily vlogging
stuff and I thought today I would roll
at the weekend this morning is Saturday
well the whole day is Saturday we have
pretty much zero plans for the weekend
so I thought would be a really good
opportunity to rock just a chilled-out
weekend as you can tell I've just got
out the shower
I have slathered myself in body lotion
which I'm not gonna lie
smells amazing and I want to show you my
current selection because it's actually
a little bit of a joke obviously when
you're pregnant you want to try and like
moisturize a lot trying to avoid the
stretch marks so far we've been through
a whole one of these I know a whole one
of coconut one of those that's a
different one the skin therapy one and
at the moment this morning I use this
one which is the new sanctuary I mean
the focus is terrible come on what's
going on here chili mango and tonka bean
which smells really good yesterday I use
my air in Tangiers vanilla one which is
an old one and then I've also been using
this one which is from unity which I
think was reciting new brands it's
really nice actually this is the
intensive body moisturizer and I also
have I can tell how much of this I've
used if I can open it up me show you
guys I've used up so much of this stuff
this is the Palmers tummy butter
genuinely this is like five uses I am
slathering myself and stuff also because
I got back from holiday not that long
ago my skin from I wasn't even tanning
honest like in the shade much time and
fake tans and everything but my skin is
now super super super super super dry
but then I've also been using this as
you tell have used up quite a bit of
that that's the Palmas massage lotion I
also have the massage cream which I
haven't used yet I love the palm of
stuff that and then I have a couple more
of the unity products as you can tell
with this one I've used up quite a bit
as well as like a duo oil serum and then
there's like a lotion as well big body
hydrator and then I've also been using
actually I haven't used this one this is
the Palmer's skin therapy all in the
rosehip
and then this is the original one which
I've used a couple of times so yes they
are my body lotions keeping the body
hydrated right I'm gonna sort of my hair
and put some clothes on because it's
currently nearly 12 to be fair we
haven't actually had a lazy morning
we've been to person training sessions
morning which is the first time I worked
out in ages
my energy is back which is good so I'm
going to try and kind of keep a bit
fitter from now on because the first
three months of my pregnancy was dire
and then I'm always a bit on holiday so
good do my hair makeup make the bed
so this is what is on my face today
super super basic makeup day a little
bit of the it cosmetics CC cream and the
Bobbi Brown instance will cover
concealer under my eyes
Tom Ford mascara a little bit of the
dolce gabbana
lipstick in Rosa which looks really sure
you'll see I'll show you on my face in a
minute my brow pencil for I'll or and
I've actually used two colors from my
Tarte in bloom palette this one and it's
what I'm so super basic very minimal
make-up day I haven't powdered this yet
I think I might need to powder otherwise
it might move it's looking very glowy so
yeah I'm going to put on a little bit of
powder and then get dressed and I don't
know what to wear because at the moment
all of my maternity stuff is a little
bit too big except the jeans
although the jeans I have to fold down
if they're like over the bump one but
all the tops of a massive pretty much
all of them and then mine on maternity
stuff is fitting really badly so it's a
dilemma so I've gone for a non Maternity
top I've got my All Saints like shirt
which is actually super super creased
I'm hoping these creases will drop out a
little bit and then just like a long
strappy top on those knee thick that's
really sheer and then I've got my
Topshop maternity jeans on underneath
yeah hoping those creases drop out oh
also I wanted to show you my bracelet
stack which is my favorite combination
over the two spikey ones are from a
brand called Vera Vera fed a V to fed a
beta today then I have set anyway from
Harvey Nichols and then the two sparkly
ones are Monica vinegar and I love these
together glorious British August weather
guys 3 so we're currently in the car and
des driving on our way to check out some
radiator
laughter days are twice as likely and we
basically have a load of old cast-iron
radiator and I have peeling paint
they've been like painted with a
paintbrush and once he gets them and
then like flake off services
yeah they actually look really cool and
like that it's really not practical to
touch them and like most a completely so
we were here getting the recognition
that we're going now to the showroom to
look at what color wanna get them
painted with my birthday we are while so
we may just have eaten and forgot to
show anything well I can't regret when
our home has been singing to Mike in the
car list often singing a song and he
said do you have to really how rude
that's what I think my years and
everyone else's see are you enjoying
your ladies customer what I am even I'm
lazy but I will never work out and I am
terrifying
I've been on the tracker haven't I have
middle tracks is that Ange sorted our
radiators we can't Christmas on so we
went to listen radiate if I was going to
vlog but it's basically like this one
guy is encouraged so it would have been
very open for a got my camera out and
anyway so we basically detects the color
which cited for to the one
so we wanted to get recruited pewter but
we actually went for gray metallic
bronze I mean there you go while I'm not
very much royal to something today is
for fun now a Sevilla when a good
empathy cause going to be a grumpy
divorce for a happy important is I hate
purple I fight I just don't you know I
don't like about watching football on TV
I don't like the were like immobilize
the crown really enjoyed it when you
know I like in person I meant on TV this
is my whole thing I like the cloud in
person can you get like me but who are
you are you love it but when it's on TV
is just a constant like kind of crowd
noise that's why I don't like about
washing sport on TV
Mike's opening the sunroof whoa very
good very bright now can't see thanks
Mike oh my goodness definitely fell
asleep on the sofa for about an hour
just now best afternoon ever
I woke up with piglet lying on which s
snuggle into my neck it was brilliant
and now I'm going it to the supermarket
curves I just spoke to my brother he's
coming round for dinner with his fans
I'm going to go and get supplies and I
decided I'm going to do spaghetti with
seafood and seafood spaghetti and I'm
going to make a crumble because the
garden at the moment is so full of
delicious things I just realize the lens
cap saying it's not as I'm probably okay
it's so full of delicious things apples
green gauges Palomas rhubarb and we're
going to pick some goodies from the
garden and make a big crumble and
custard obviously
so I'm just unloading everything into
the fridge definitely got to that point
in the fridge where a lot of the stuff
special on this side poorly needs
throwing away and I need to have a
reorganize I mean this is all have
alarms on the fridge this is not very
MTV Cribs right now is it guys
everything is everywhere
oh well CBA I asked you today so I've
got my basket guys put my phone in at
the moment because I am an old granny
this is what I like to do I'm going to
go first to what these trees in our
garden and this one I think this one
here is potentially also green gauges
but I don't think they're ripe yet this
one is the green gauge tree and then
that one over there is the plum so in do
green gauges plums and apples as well
and I never knew what green gauges were
before we moved here they're basically
like a plum but they look like they're
not ripe they are delicious
so like sweeter than a plum and these
are the plums which are actually really
small like in comparison to green gauges
but they turn things very pink which
looks really nice and crumbles this
little monkey likes to snaffle probably
not out of the basket but she like oh
maybe out of the basket - hey she goes
under the tree and gets all the overripe
one so these are the fruits guys all
ready to go and I also picked some of
the tomatoes from our little greenhouse
which are ready looking good just washed
everything now I'm going to cook so this
is everything now I've cooked up with a
little bit of sugar and then here's my
crumble which is flour oats cinnamon
hazelnuts new addition and butter and
actually tastes really good I tried it
so yeah
assembly talk almost forget the only
girl linguine actually linguine and
seafood sauce which i think is looking
pretty good have a look in here by rule
it's looking good
so we have consumed the Feast of Erbil
which I prepared for once
William better than I was I mean another
I though what something worse happened
today I was sorely I suffered on that
outside and a wasp got stuck my father
didn't say about that I got stung about
three times on on the top of his head
where I hit the cupboard yesterday I did
Allah and then the cupboard door open
yes they might walk into it and then
blamed me I was like cool I mean me when
I was getting something out I'm going to
put it back in but so I got and then
half if you suffer like analysis really
still singing while there's something
silver head can have a long time still
in my head oh I was mad and this the
flan and then pinky decided to run a
little expedition she's playing kind of
assassin and she disappeared participate
so so this kind of skiing got cut short
but Arthur turns out apparently is a pro
already nice no lesson is taken at the
tennis practice so yeah now we're going
to watch a movie watch I don't know a
polygon Coronas chips law and order
science and the Earthlings
everything else is going on boss baby
bath baby the water book Jungle Book
life was that I'll get over when we
watch the trailer was washing trailer I
mean it's got shape busting drilling
hole in it we look at this one's dirty
paws they're literally matted up she's
been exploring in the field she's now so
exhausted not surprised
Bigler you hooligans it's Sunday morning
and I've just walked into the kitchen my
kitties he's up only going for a run
today three worst anything I am covering
from its injuries and training for
Berlin Madison and even well of fish
because I put everything in the
dishwasher and put the short run but
like all the pots and pans I didn't wash
up last night and I am
to the National I fish and look at you
this is the morning greeting I get it
Oh less interested hello this is very
film hello no you're filming Oh biggie
biggie biggie biggie biggie be moving on
a bit of a dog walk with these guys Mike
and I look like the weirdest people in
the world because Mike is currently in
his running gear and I'm basically in my
pajamas well it's attractive but not
going to win any awards for style icon I
mean this jacket Mike pretty shiny
I think piglet struggling a little bit
with the lancaster's grass oh she's so
funny and genuinely the most ridiculous
thing to watch piglet pig you're right I
saw this literally up to her back almost
like a rabbit we've got a little bit of
a picnic lunch going on which it was
actually really nice and now it's people
cloudy some massive black down here it's
actually quite cold but the dogs are
loving ass eating outside because
they're snuffling off what are you
eating using the concrete again treacle
I see a little face they should not be
there squidgy what you doing were you in
there drooling picnic this naughtiness
squidge er have gone to new levels what
are you doing you can't have any no good
morning guys today we are leaving the
house before 7:00 a.m. was one minute -
but I actually didn't vlog much else of
yesterday because we turn around we
don't really much in fact both of us
fell asleep on the sofa for like two
hours in the afternoon I want us to I
want to sundown you were yes but what a
Sunday afternoon for if not that you
know what Monday mornings are not for is
getting
perhaps ice anything on the milk
supposed to get up at 6:20 some reason
my brain this is my alarm can you leave
the house if you have not left already
my brain would not let me sleep so what
else I'm turning this into a Saturday
Sunday Monday vlog or my breakfast time
ago I normally have more than this
breakfast well especially since I'm
growing a baby and what tell me I have
bit more for breakfast I was already
sick but open up to new yogurt this
morning and it was so disappointing you
know you're really excited to try
something like a liberté like Knox and
Greek fat like Greek fat lots of fat
Greek yogurt with like Kiwi at the
bottom and it was gross
I took one by the person's own it was
not good so called pear and fig and
remember you get something else one
against London which to be fair is it
like a phase so that's not too bad and
what else is happening today I'm going
to shoot with you or for the new perfume
which is a very exciting flash really
nerve-wracking because it's a video
shoot and I have talked camera yeah and
I'm really nervous about it and I'm
nervous that the crew are going to be
like you are rubbish acting and like I
know other words act over the world and
this one is then joining me I think we
have a doctor's appointment we're going
to see the baby again
I've been a terrible vlogger guys I
didn't like my shoot today because it
was a really tiny room which is like not
very many people in it so I didn't vlog
at the shoot but it went really well I
was actually really nervous because
you'll see what it is in a couple of
weeks it's coming out in a couple of
weeks but it was for Dior so I was like
mmhmm but it was really good and this is
my hair and makeup which was a little
bit more polished earlier I'm quite
liking my hair now it's gone like messy
and curly and I like it and this one is
in the flat hello hello he's working we
love to work lovely wood I'm going to
see the baby ginger very worried worried
I'm very very worried should be thought
mini me on the way I was good I've been
feeling her jiggle around a lot today
she's been literally like doing
somersaults in my tummy
and I stopped in at Selfridges on route
back to the flat and bought these
trainers which I have been on the hunt
for some all-black trainers for a really
long time and I finally spotted these
ones and I really liked them they
actually look blue in sunlight though
which is kind of annoying me but they're
supposed to be like I had this debate
with the guy in the shop I was like are
they blue are they black is like no
they're black I promise you so yeah what
do you guys think what do you think Mike
have you looked at them how rude and
then I also bought some new black
maternity jeans because it's got to the
point where all of my jeans are in the
wash at one time and I don't have enough
things that will fit me to wear and I've
only got one pair of black ones are
basically wear black jeans or leggings
all the time but I got different ones
this time I've got the Joni under bump
ones we shall see what these are like
they're almost they're not waxed but
they always have like a slight shine to
them these are the Jamie ones but I've
got on now and these ones are different
cuz they don't have pockets got pockets
on the back but they don't have pocket
on the fronts like these ones do these
have the little pockets there so I'm
hoping that these will be good
a little hole for you all black
everything oh my god these are so comfy
guys I'm going to wear them now Mike
says he doesn't mind them too much the
only thing that bothers me a little bit
but I've got really ugly toes like
slightly hammer toes you can see it
doesn't rip it pop so like slap my feet
out I also got them in a size up which I
don't know if it's normal for these
added ass equipment
trainers because I try it on I'm
normally a five and I tried on the 5
nothing then look really big
I tried on the 5 on my toe with touching
this bit at the end and it really annoys
me
so these feel fine but maybe I look like
a shot big see then in do half sizes mr.
smug smarty pants I did ask they don't
feel too big they just look quite big
I don't know well maybe that's just in
my mind this is what they look like we
just got out of the appointment
everything was a-ok little baby was
jiggling around jiggling gave Mike a
little ways and I've now got one of
these because I've not had enough magic
today these are actually my favorite
from itsu called the rule veg cleanse
there's no cleansing going on here
because this is just a snack but it's
basically like spinach cucumber apple
juice ginger ale kado and cucumber Oh
coriander first like twice cucumber
twice coriander and two companies so we
blended with I look you we've had this
conversation about green juices enjoy
mixing out you don't know what you're
missing out on boy I got longer just
this statue freaks me out every time
literally I'm like I always think it's a
real person
scares me so we're now driving into
Central under the river because this one
is crazy and he drives everywhere
Mentalist off we trot we're going to a
place called cook house Joe which I've
been to before and it was really
delicious basically like Nando's but way
more legit turbocharged non-turbocharged
I mean none is still good nowadays it
feel great we love numbers but cookhouse
Joe it's really good and they do really
good like halloumi on side we lose
so I forgot to end the vlog last night
as well even though as an extended extra
day because we got back so late this one
with crazy driving on go to N is raining
and I was good I was a very good boy
always crazy
no that's going to be it for this vlog
and there we another progress log up on
Friday but until then probably see you
I'm gonna try to do one of these a week
so that you've got one of one like vlog
and then one pregnancy chat update what
chuckling new yeah it's a lot of chat
for me and they're like indeed in real
life is a lot of chat from him she likes
the chat anything but I
