good morning guys and welcome to my
first proper day in Palm Springs for
Coachella it's such a beautiful day take
a peek outside my window look I'm sorry
outside I've just been doing my makeup
so I thought it would show you what I
thought on my face today in my bathroom
James Bay is playing in the background
because I'm excited to see him I think
tomorrow my camera might need to look at
the schedule properly this is what I've
got on my face so far I also do have
some San Tropez on because my tan is
starting to fade a little bit so I
popped on another layer of that and I
wash it off before I leave I've got my
new Utah rainforest of the sea
foundation Estee Lauder Double Wear
powder
Becca champagne pop highlighter loving
it
L'Oreal a blush I always forget the name
of this is in water rose and then I have
my Kevin Kwan cream highlighter on my
Estee Lauder Double Wear concealer Kat
Von D eyeliner and then my tassel and
bloom palette which if you guys have
seen my new video Ida uploaded a beauty
haul well it's about to go up now and
I'm filming this so it'll be like a day
and a half behind this is going up I'm
wearing which colors am i wearing
wearing flower child rocker firecracker
rebel and leader like these three kind
of like mixed together but this is what
my makeup looks like so far
I'm gonna pop some lashes on and then do
my hair and get ready to go I'm so
excited I can't wait
apparently on a bit of a mission to find
some food and getting very lost and
generally failing and getting hungrier
by the minute I feel like the last 24
hours we've just been like trying to
find great look howls in the mountains
though we're like surrounded oh no we
couldn't find a place we're looking for
what we did find the golf club and we're
now sitting here with this beautiful
backdrop and lots of golfers and then
there's nobody else we're chillin just
got the whole place to ourselves I
wanted a small breakfast burrito no I
didn't actually this is like the biggest
thing I've ever seen in my life
Anna's only just discovered American
butter as well the weirdest thing they
must like bleach or something cuz butter
in England is like yellow
they whip it as well to make it like
it's pretty strange
I've got a few minutes before we head
off and we're just chillin by the pool
I am so relaxed right now it's just so
nice to have a bit of fun I haven't
actually kind of laid out in the Sun I'm
not I'm really laying out I'm still kind
of dressed but um just uh I haven't laid
out a Sun in so long it's so so nice and
yeah chilling by the pool all of our
rooms are like set around this little
pool so like that's my room over there
but this is the little pool in the
middle and then all of the rooms along
the outside share the pool such a cute
layout I absolutely love it we're on our
way not oh my god guys mirna in a
sandstorm right now but we finally got
here
hell yeah it took ages to work out where
to go but we're gonna go and get some
drinks and then get some food
burrito time cheers ladies we made it we
just got some food from the church key
pop-up which is like my favorite
restaurant in LA as well but I got a
chicken wrap got some fries burgers all
round
amazing which is like Mike's favorite
we are chilling out right now on a
little grassy area I think we might go
get some food
he's hungry yeah anyone snacks maybe a
lot of food here
there's a chili cheese fry situation
going on right now
have you been dropping chili cheese
fries I did this earlier with with ice
you know it was awkward I didn't we went
to ranch dressing Sammy naughty and we
went to the sausages I mean you would
naturally gravitate towards the sausages
hot but there's a big queue and and they
do good chili cheese fries it's it's
there's something about them this guy's
laughing at me that I saw you I saw yeah
we're trying to find the car right now
it's picking us up so we're walking
quite a long way but she not really cold
tonight really cold last night that's
actually quite nice had such a good time
ellie goulding was amazing so we're now
in the second it wasn't him our driver
is called Ivan it was a knife we all got
really excited inside squealing no not
him then we've just got the coming line
party and there are in and out trucks
trucks within the now I've never seen
this before by the end of the night
we're gonna who hasn't heard in an hour
oh yeah I think there's two in and out
burgers but but Birgit Burgess oh
they're in and out yeah baby
Mike I miss you even more right now so
we're trying to find our room again
turns out at night all of the sprinklers
come on and it gets quite chilly I have
had the best day I'm so tired actually
this is really noisy I think I'm
actually so tired it's been such a long
day that's so much fun
so I never finished my vlog last night I
fail I had the best time day one was
awesome I can't wait to hit up day two I
feel super tired though because it was
such a long day but the Sun is out ready
for round two
I'll see you tomorrow bye guys
