good morning guys so it is 7 a.m. here
in LA and I I've been up since about 25
so quite an early start for me I still
have no makeup on because I'm just
setting up to film a couple of videos
I'm doing a beauty haul for a Sephora
haul actually and I'm also doing a
clothing haul from yesterday sneak peek
of things I got right there and another
sneak peek on the table I'm actually
gonna do a little bit differently so I'm
doing like kind of first impressions
also like close-ups of applying the
product so that's what I'm filming now
I've got my camera set up let's do this
I'm all packed up and saying goodbye to
my hotel room we are checking out and
heading over to Beverly Hills this
morning and the Sun is out I'm loving it
it also loved this mural on the wall
here so cool I think I probably said by
yesterday but I'm gentle I read it one
time we are taking a little stroll
around down Rodeo Drive casual not
buying anything just having a little Sun
is out it's about all the updates for
now we just had the most hilarious uber
driver but I didn't really want to film
him because it would be a bit awkward
but he was cracking herself uber drivers
in England are not friendly like they're
never friendly I have not met a friendly
one but over here they seem to be way
more chilled out
we're heading for lunch at the farm of
Beverly Hills I am so hungry right now
I'm thirsty I really want an iced matcha
latte hoping in my house we ordered some
spinach and artichoke dip take me
putting on your plate do you know that's
very strange very strange
we've all got cocktails I got a Kiwi
martini these guys strawberry lemonade
is it amazing
so Sammy got the classiest ring out like
that Rossini fancy we've got a major
food situation happening right now
tuna squared truffle mac and cheese and
it's got some kind of badass chicken
burger and tacos it all looks so good I
have to confess we're back in Sephora
danger zone danger zone I'm not buying
anything you know Anna was all about the
bumper and cream yesterday turns out it
smells exactly like Laura Mercier's
pistachio and is amazing want $45 though
you're having a little starbucks break I
have never had a matcha latte from
Starbucks before it was pretty good
there's four of us we are here for five
nights and this is a luggage bag hold
the phone we were actually missing two
suitcases
but it's kind of a good job that this is
our ride it's looking an annual buzz but
we're on the mini bus is the party bus
right here there's four of us in a giant
how many is like a 16 seater guys we can
veg out lie down have a snooze I have a
really scary hideously unflattering
light on my face right now but we're in
the
I've been in here for how long two hours
about two hours we've got about an hour
left it's taken ages and we're all going
really hungry it started off like a
really fun school trip but now
everyone's like we want to be a bit
desn't already four hours later guys we
were right
I actually didn't vlog like getting into
the rooms at all because we were so
hungry we all have just been seeing it
the last ten minutes saying like I'm so
hungry if they don't bring me my food
immediately I'm gonna kill somebody but
on the plus side it actually came within
like five minutes I got a giant burger
and vegetables just to make me feel
better about having a giant burger yeah
everyone else got pizza but we've also
got cocktails which is always a good
thing
after a four-hour car journey with a
crazy driver I thought I was gonna die a
couple of coins but we made we just got
chatted up he was wasted but he came
back three times to the table just to
check that we were actually married
engaged with boyfriends etc and it was
quite good you know there's nothing to
boost your confidence like being another
no look at he's fairy lights they're
quite magical aren't they so I'm about
to go to bed and I wanted to just
quickly say good night I am in my room
and very cool actually I think I'm gonna
do a room tour tomorrow because I'm so
tired now but you know just to say we
had a great day and I'll see you in the
morning hi guys
