morning guys I've just woken up actually
slept pretty well it's like nearly seven
o'clock so I'm happy with that
for me in LA that's a lot of sleep is
good
there's no sunshine today where are you
sunshine I reckon it's still pretty warm
though shoot outside it's not too warm
not too warm I don't know if it's skirt
weather I didn't really bring anything
other than dresses so it could be a bit
of a disaster but yeah hello la look at
this mural as well with this weird bird
like puking up all over the wall what's
that about
it's pretty cool so I've just gotten
into my gym yet because we arranged to
meet the girls for all of us to meet at
7 o'clock the gym however me and Sammy
both forgot our trainers so we're going
without trainers to the gym and we're
gonna see if we can like do some weights
and stuff
hopefully not drop them on our toes I'm
also just about to head up to Anna's
room because I just got a message saying
Rima and Anna eating jaffa cakes and I
am so hungry jet-like makes you so
hungry so yeah whenever I'm walking in
hotel corridors on my own I just think
of the shining and it freaks me out
we're setting up my own little workout
right now guys the group workout is
complete and I had like a full-on
like routine set out for us and it was
badass all very spicy right now and it's
not very attractive to be honest but we
did it it's breakfast time we've got
some bagel smoked salmon some cream
cheese and fruit and Anna's the only one
here I'm just gonna blog you eating your
breakfast we're just talking about
products and shopping I think we might
hear sephora and Bloomingdale's today
and we're having a discussion about the
best dry shampoo
and I can look at my bagel guys I've got
smoked salmon and tomato and capers and
onion and cream cheese I'm very proud of
that and I can't think I got a bear for
just a meager I wish I knew how to do
this so cool the Sun has come out and
we've come to this mural to fill my
first outfit video from this trip I'm
doing a lookbook so how cool is this is
a giant tiger as well and I kind of want
to stand like in the Tiger's mouth as if
it's eating me but I don't know if that
would look a bit silly also there is a
pole in the way how cool is this so nice
we've ended up just having a massive
shoot look at these pictures guys we see
they're gonna be on it see I'm anyway
man we've all been like outfit Sunset
Boulevard sign sunshine murals being
typical fashion need beauty bloggers
right now we're in Luber on our way to
Santa Monica ready for shopping I'm
gonna be like oh yeah we are in sunny
Santa Monica doing some shopping
we're walking our way up to Sephora the
mothership I'm gonna do some damage all
made well you just found this ring the
middle one it made well and I love it
just a little bit yay I also just bought
this hat because I don't have a hat for
the weekend and I feel like I need one
at Coachella is gonna be super hot and I
love it it folds up and rolls up and you
tie it with the elasticated band around
it and you can put it your back so good
very impressed by that I'm in the Nasty
Gal store right now and I'm trying on
some dresses I love this one and I'm
trying on another white one and then
this flowery one and look at their
fitting rooms in here you can see out
it's like one-way glass so weird
cumbersome lunch and the true Food
Kitchen in Santa Monica we call
juices right now I got a kale one which
looks really green Master tastes pretty
good
what did you get Anna this is current
lemonade oh it's tasty lemonade with
carrots Sammy is finished in her oh yeah
you're such here in a two way I love
that what dream again and orange and
coconut delicious the weights of coffee
really so hungry were like oh my god I
just realized my lens not open properly
that's a total fail
what's going on here so yeah we're
waiting for our food and I'm about to
eat my own up I don't know why actually
that's quite late at the gym or it could
have been the fact that it's now like 10
o'clock at night at home a walk so far
this is what happens when you come away
with bloggers and one camera obsessive
everyone is like oh my god the food I
got the chili shrimp I get this every
time I come here it's oh so good
these two new we've got quinoa burger
I'm really jealous or is that sweet
potato yeah on each other some it's so
good and then Rima got this amazing
looking pizza oh my goodness what I just
found in three people is a star-shaped
portable charger ah it's like Star and
stone at the same time and should I get
this phone case I don't know what to do
I really like it
Lululemon is happening right now I have
this trimmer obsessed with I'll see what
that looks like on have this cool little
number with like tie sides
trying on a black hoodie because I have
agree one of these I bought about four
years are gonna have worn it to death
and some gray leggings and some black
leggings as well let's do this so we
picked up Lululemon I'm now taking these
guys for their first ever yogurt lands
I'm like actually excited to you just to
experience it but it's so good it's
honestly like the best the best if you
guys have frozen your or eat frozen
yogurt who's is your favorite where is
your favorite place together yeah see I
love the fight in LA people are like
yeah you're vlogging you know people are
like what are you doing we go mike is
gonna be so jealous right now
yeah although I'm going to like half
nutty caramelly and a half fruity is
that really with it's gonna be a bit
weird and is definitely gone for the
earth my tricky healthy option Oh get
some caramel on there too we're
approaching the mecca beauty bloggers in
their natural habitats sad times guys
sad times just a little bit excited
about this we've crashed out in j.crew
it's a disaster zone
Sammy's crashed and as Christ remiss
flying or shoes I love it
I found this oh my goodness I know I
don't need it but as an extra 30% off
which makes it like 40 pounds and it's
the most beautiful color I've ever seen
Oh what do I do and I'm also having a
moment with these trainers right now
because my feet are in so much pain I'm
tempted
oh my hat's gone a bit funny it's meant
to be fold up but I don't think it
really is the best product hat in the
world it's gone like a bit weird but
there we go we're on our way to the
beach now
to get a last little bit of sunshine
walking down the street and out it says
to me have you seen my bum bum wait we
need to focus it's actually called bum
bum bum bum bum it's Ramon we're at the
beach and I just taking my boots off and
it feels so good sunset on Santa Monica
beach yeah baby shooting a super sexy
such a good backdrop so I've just got
back to my room and we've had about half
an hour to get ready so I've literally
been touching up my makeup and I've
changed and the time it's like disappear
don't even know what I've been doing but
I thought it would do a quick outfit
today for it go this is what I'm wearing
this evening I actually bought this
little play suit today this is from
Nasty Gal which sounds ridiculous when
you say in an English accent like if
you're American it sounds fine if you're
willing glow stick out uh-huh anyway so
this is like this little play suit and
it's got these kind of bell sleeves
which I really like so black with a pink
rose print and then it has like blue
petals on it as well I really like this
it's got a cutout as well which is a
little bit different for me I don't
normally show any of my tummy because
it's not the most toned but yeah I
really like this and it looks better
with a belt but I didn't really have a
belt that went with my bag of my shoes
and then I've got my Chloe tree back and
then my shoes there's a lot of wires
bare sorry about that guys I've got like
the whole of GHD going on and yeah my
shoes are from public designer they're
like lace-up sandals and I have like a
metallic heel know relight these are
super comfortable my feet are so sore
after wearing those boots all day and
they're kind of like new boots so
seriously my feet are killing me
so these are actually feel really nice
yeah this is the whole outfit all
together fit we'll focus and about a go
because I'm going to be late my
and we've just eaten a load of food but
I'm gonna show you what's on the table
now we've got truffle fries and black
cod which looks amazing and we also got
some sushi coming so I'm beyond in here
there's like look at the fairy lights
and there's fire and everything and
cocktails obviously look at this sushi
guys it looks so good we just got back
I've come to my really change into my
swimming costume apparently the pool was
open till midnight so we're going from
feels a little bit weird being in the
corridor in my dressing gown I come up
these two already here in their dressing
gowns in the pool let's get in this is
so cool look it's oh it's so blue
dipping your toes is like Victorian
swimming look at this were like on the
roof there's nobody else up here it is
amazing
diving competition anyone cannonball
it's actually slightly less glamorous
than we imagined in here we had a little
swim we did some length now we're
probably just going to bend that we
might have the wrong team yeah I've just
gone into bed it is five to midnight and
I'm going to finish editing yesterday's
vlog and head to bed or head to sleep
but I'm already in bed but yeah I had
such a fun day I hope you guys enjoyed
this little vlog and yeah I'll see you
all tomorrow for another sunny day
hopefully in LA bye guys
