good morning everybody so excuse me
squid she could have sneezy oh you
little beast so today is the day i'm off
to Coachella well actually we're going
to LA for two days and then took shelter
cuz two cellos this weekend I am still
in bed Mike's here as well he's been
working in bed and I have been waiting
for my fake tan to develop because I've
done like a double layer fake tan I did
one yesterday I did like the Express San
Tropez Express and left it on for like
all day basically and then I'm doing one
layer just for about an hour and a half
this morning just to make it extra deep
and turn because I am so pasty I've just
done my hair which I'm actually quite
liking I did this with the GHD waving
ones like the old-school glamour one not
the creative one I can remember the
exact name but yeah I like it
and the dogs are on the birds piglets
sleeping in a very interesting position
right now Lapage hello hello I'm gonna
miss you guys so much because they were
there too it's dog central on our bed
right now and beavers here as well we
have an issue I think is she oh my god
these dogs these dogs and cats this
morning there's a growly oh she Lola
Mike is like the Pied Piper so that's
what's going on my bags are packed got
piles and piles and piles of stuff even
I wish you were coming oh yeah miss you
somewhat he never misses me gonna miss
you though you'll miss me won't you pig
pig always cries when I get home she's
like oh I miss you so much
this is my tan right now still looking
not that time
but today shall I wash it off yet it
keeps developing even after you've
washed it off so I'm always a bit
nervous about knowing when to wash off I
am gonna miss this so much for the next
week hello piglet you're so cuddly isn't
my dressing-gown nice and soft oh yeah
so I just said goodbye to Mike for the
next week because he's going to the golf
range it's morning and I'm so miserable
times and these guys have just been on a
little walk and I've both come back
soaking wet and are now cleaning
themselves so I can't even cuddle you
guys because you get me all dirty and
wearing a white t-shirt that's what I do
I do an outfit of the day I'm waiting
for my cars to come like come on come on
come on I'm all packed and ready to go
and there's like 20 minutes to arrive so
this is what I'm wearing to travel in
it's a little bit tucked in there we go
my jacket is from All Saints which I
picked up in Vista Village and it was a
ridiculous like ridiculously discounted
disease from like 500 pounds 150 I think
but yeah it's quite an old one but yeah
really nice like perforated I like how
you can kind of see through a bit um
excuse me you guys dry yourself on my
rug charming straight on the bed naughty
and then I've got on this shirt from
rails which is super soft it's like a
church shirt I have on my t-shirt this
is from William B which I actually got
when I was in LA the last time I was in
LA it's like super super self and I've
got on my Zara jeans these aren't my
normal ones though these are like my
ripped ones they have like rips and
knees and stuff and then I have all my
little suede boots from Hudson that you
guys saw the other day nearly fell over
I've done my hair so that it's kind of
like beachy wavy for the next hopefully
for the next couple of days most of the
time if I'm flying I won't put on any
makeup in less than doing something
really specific so I don't have any
makeup on but I've done my hair just
because I find that if I curl it it will
last so I probably won't have to then
like restyle it when I arrive so yeah
anyway that is what is happening I want
to take an outfit picture but Mike left
I look really red in this light I don't
know what's going on but yeah now
wait for the driver come on you lot you
can't stay in here come on guys come on
Oh piglet was the first one that caved
then treacle
squidge come on come on switch come on
bye bye then bye bye I'm gonna shut the
door I'll shut you in oh you're so
stubborn come on get off their dirty dog
so I'm having a little bit of a stress
right now I've just gotten off the phone
with a cab company because my cab never
turns up it was myself at 11:00 and I
rang them about 15 minutes ago and they
were like oh actually the vendor never
got the booking email so there's not a
cab coming I was like oh my god and
Mike's not even here st. me to the
airport so they are sending another car
that is gonna arrive in about 20 minutes
from now so fingers crossed
I'll be leaving 45 minutes later than
planned but fingers crossed we're gonna
get there on time because we'd left lots
of times I feel like we'll be fine we'll
be fine but I hate being late I'm that
person that's always like three and a
half hours early for a flight at the
airport like I hate being late so now
I'm gonna have a really nervy card yet
and it cuz I'd be like come on come on
come on I've also got free blog posts
right in the car so let's face it this
car journey is gonna be rubbish okay so
the car is doing okay I think it doesn't
arrive in the next 10 minutes I'm just
gonna drive myself undecided but
hopefully it's coming so I've arrived
for the airport and I think maybe I'll
to see in the background under Sami Anna
and this is Reema from Kiel I'm get on
the plane I think we might well be the
last people to get on the plane noises
suspiciously quiet not running yet but
no we'll be fine good bye
the sound goes be crazy but feeling so
sociable
the Kiehl's guys have given us a full
mini facial kit a full-on facial and
what lip balm I've got eye cream
I've got hydrating mist I've got
moisturizer toner hansel and serum
full-on spa
the revenue
so I've arrived at the hotel and checks
into my room we're actually staying at
the London which if you guys have
followed any of my vlogs in LA before
you'll know I stayed here quite a few
times before it kind of feels like a
home from home in LA for me really now
which is amazing and I'm just doing a
really quick update because we're about
to head out for dinner so the house
which you're not really allowed to film
there so I don't know how much I'll be
able to vlog tonight but I think we want
to go for a drink beforehand on the roof
here so I'll try and vlog that I wanted
to show you my outfit I just got changed
I'm wearing the same jacket but I have a
dress on because I thought be nice just
have a little change of outfit because
from being or stinky playing all day
it's not great but I have on the same
boots that these are Hudson boots I had
on this morning I have on this little
dress which is actually from Urban
Outfitters it's quite um bubi at the
front I don't know if you guys can see
it's basically like if you were wearing
a normal bra you would just have your
boobs out but instead I've got this
little crop top on underneath and then I
have my All Saints jacket on over the
top the crop tops from a selves as well
if any of you guys are wondering don't
you how much make one I might just have
a quick block before I leave but I also
did do a little bit makeup on the plane
and also can we just no I think I did a
pretty good job I faked handling my legs
what do you guys think does it look real
it's definitely a lot better than my
pasty legs beforehand I'm gonna head out
now for some drinks with the girls I'm
so excited to be here especially with
Sammy and Anna because they're just such
nice girls like it was such a nice group
of girls it's really really fun so yeah
come along for a little drink so we've
just come up to the pool area to go for
a drink it turns out there's not a bar
up here anymore it's just the pool so
there's nobody up here and it's really
awesome and you can see all of LA and
it's all glowing at night which I mean
we can't have a drink well at least we
can just look at the beautiful view so
this is the view from dinner it's
amazing and I'm not many of you logging
in here so I'm gonna do it really
quickly hello everybody hi hi hi hi got
some octopus and a giant bowl of
cauliflower so I've just got back to the
hotel room we had such a nice dinner I
didn't really blog much of it because we
were in Soho housing you're not really
allowed to take photos or vlog in there
but
was a really funny I camera straight a
really funny noise there's a really
funny photo booth in there and I wanted
to show you guys the photos that we took
it's like a gift booth but it's so funny
I don't even I don't even know what I'm
doing right here it's like awkward I've
just got back and taken all my makeup
off and had a quick shower and just
fully like drenched my skin in goodness
and just had a full like basically
another face show because after flying
my skin always gets really like it's not
even like dry it's kind of like froggy I
like to describe it as froggy and
texture it's like bumpy and just
irritated and I look really red right
now the Lighting's a bit funny but I've
also put some cuticle oil on my nails
and then I've got my little bedside pack
right here which we actually got given
this isn't a normal face mask that I
travel with here but we've got given
these by Kiehl's as part of our little
facial package on the fly and I didn't
use it on the flight if I didn't really
sleep because it was like a daytime fly
but it's lavender-scented this is so
nice I think it's from holistic silk
calm how beautiful is that I'm gonna use
this tonight and I have my earplugs I
have a little natural sleeping pill and
uh knock myself out and hopefully sleep
for when I'm here I'll be really tight
it's about midnight now no we were
really tired go to sleep and then wake
up at like 2:00 in the morning and not
be able to sleep from then so I usually
take a little sleeping pill my first two
nights and yeah it helps me just again
sleep in today asleep as well so yeah
that's gonna be it for tonight probably
got me in a layer so exciting I'll show
you guys the view from my room as well
because it is of sunset kind of and the
hills so I'm guessing in the daytime
you'll be able to see a whole lot more
but yeah that's what's going on outside
I'll see you guys tomorrow with a brand
new video and yeah have a good evening
guys bye
