hello there welcome back everyone today
you are joining me on my morning dog
walk here are the doggies it's actually
a really really beautiful morning even
though it's still cold but it's
beautiful and we've got blue sky so
we're happy the dogs happy piglets on
the lead which is not so happy about but
we do not have time to lose her this
morning because I am heading to London
today and really excited this video is
actually a collaboration with Garnier
they're launching a new set of
moisturizers called
moisture bomb so to celebrate this
they've asked me to take part in the
24/7 challenge basically just pack my
day as busy as it possibly can be and
see how my skin feels after so I'm Road
testing product today but I'm also doing
some really fun crazy activities with
some other girls and I'm not going to
say too much more cuz I think it will be
really fun for you guys just to kind of
experience it with me and yeah see kind
of who who we're coming across
throughout the day and what we're doing
so basically the whole point is the new
moisturizer is focusing mainly on
hydration and how the lack of hydration
can cause aging which nobody wants and
also just for your skin to feel and look
a bit lack luster so the aim is to put
the moisturizer to the test by exposing
it to as many skin aggressors as
possible and by aggressive it sounds
like a really fancy word doesn't it
basically means like pollution grease
dirt sweat all of that not so good stuff
so we're gonna put it to the test today
and see how it fares with all of those
things and before I go on my 24/7
adventure I have to show you these super
super cute little lambs in the field who
must be be good doggies must be just a
few days old hey guys oh they're very
sweet piglet is now protesting because I
think she wants to have lamb chops for
dinner
come on piglets The Mummy would get very
cross at you piggy-wig saying goodbye to
this one have a good week so I made it
just in time to get a coffee and my
trainer slayed only by about five
minutes but we're getting there I have
my absolutely giant suitcase with me as
well
so I've just got to the flatten I'm
dropping off my giant suitcase and I've
also just got to grab some gym gear
because one of the challenges today
apparently involves wearing gym gear so
let's hope it's not too embarrassing
that's all I've got to say I'm just on
my way to meet everyone for the first
activity it's so busy I'm on the south
bank right now walking up towards the
London Eye it's such a nice day I've
just arrived by the beautiful river
Thames at Sarah J and you're taking me
on a secret adventure I help me anymore
rather okay so normally I'm always on
planes I'm on trains and cars but I
thought you know why not a river is
required experience on the rivers him
yes all your kind you know what we're so
lucky with the weather today right it's
really really nice weather I still don't
want to go in I don't wanna be no no no
even if it's sunshine so let's get on
this do it I don't think I've ever had a
life jacket on before view are you still
up big orange oh it's a boob lifejacket
I think if I'm giving us the kids one is
shrunk in the wash
I feel a little bit windswept
I think that was really invigorating
that was so much fun that I feel a
little bit windswept that show Jane was
so nice I had a really good time I'm now
on my way to Chinatown to meet Jesse her
skin who is TV chef Jill Samson Booker's
wealthy guy standing shares all about
healthy eating and I'm really amusing
her in a Chinese supermarket to get some
ingredients for a recipe she's cooking
I'm really excited to meet her and yeah
see what we can find
so this is Gizzi we are going into 26
right now what are we what are we
looking for war I need to recipe test
something I'm going to be cooking a beef
there's a duck salad so we're in the
right place for it but it's with with
loads of pretty good healthy ingredients
and we're going to be using butternut
squash nuts
loads of pomegranate is a really healthy
salad
or dressing which is really easy to
throw together so and I've never been
into a proper Chinatown I would never
know how to cook it though okay looking
it's a weird clothes a coriander soup
bunch of coriander I'll actually also
gonna be adding in some Thai basil
getting at my line
we're gonna go for Low's garlic so we
all stink tomorrow oh my god guys look
at this I'll hurry
so I'm blue fungus yeah all right so I'm
gonna leave easy to pay and test out her
recipe now and head off thanks teach me
about Asian food awesome I'll send you a
picture I'm now on my way to meeting
about my app which I told you guys about
a little while ago still top secrets but
we're having a really exciting kind of
brainstorming meeting now over by ultra
circus so I'm walking up I have about
five minutes to get there and it's about
a ten minute walk so gonna pop listen I
just came out my meeting it went really
well I'm so excited to share some of it
with you very soon I'm now on my way or
I've just arrived at the detox kitchen
I've never been in here before I'm an
exciting surfer loads about it and I'm
going to be making a juice which you
guys know when of juices so they're
gonna be showing me one of their recipes
backstage behind the counter at the new
conclusion this is Jeff and I'm already
exciting as can see b-tree which is my
favorite things ever to put in a juice
we're making the bright and beautiful
juice today which has got beetroot apple
carrot and celery sounds amazing is it
pink yes good stuff my favorite kind of
juice
officially my new favorite juice I'm now
on my way to a workout i am here with
faier from fitness on toes and fur in
Shepherds Bush
we're in gym gear and she's dragging me
to a rave workout in the day and I'm
terrified have you think it's going to
be fun should we go I haven't actually
broken mine yet but you're gonna be
raving raving it up so we've just
finished i i'm glad you pushed me out of
my comfort zone I don't know probably
irregular though right I am now heading
off to dinner I'm now in Brixton with
the gorgeous Kara through you know and
we are coming for dinner at the Blues
kitchen which I haven't been to for but
apparently it is good but the food is
here I got catfish jambalaya and it
looks amazing I'm so ready for this
right now
Gareth got the juiciest looking back or
I've ever seen in my entire life
yeah so I've just got home after
probably the longest day and it's nearly
midnight I'm super super tired but I've
had the best day it was so much fun
a massive thankies Garnier for
organizing it because it was a really
really fun day and I've just taken all
of my makeup off and slathered my face
and moisturizer and it felt so good I
think I've really put my skin to the
test today with Sun wind not rain it
didn't rain that was good
pollution sweat so yeah and it's feeling
really good I actually just covered my
face in the moisturizer I'll show you
the actual moisturizers in question
because this is what this video is all
about so these are the Garnier skin
active moisture balm moisturizers and
the night creams the one I've just used
it's a really unusual texture leave your
skin feeling when you're kind of cooled
and smooth it almost feels a bit like a
primer it's kind of really kind of
plumping and then they also have the day
cream as well this has SPF in it too
which is something I always look for in
daytime moisturizers it's really
important to you protect your skin from
the Sun and obviously really important
to keep your skin hydrated as well to
prevent aging especially another thing I
wanted to mention to you guys before I
head off to bed is the giveaway that
Garnier are doing basically they're
running a competition to win a really
cool prize actually something I would
really personally quite like to win
they're giving away a week's worth of
personal concierge from a company called
pink spaghetti and basically you just
get somebody to help you do all of your
kind of mundane jobs for you
which I would really like it'll be
really cool so all you need to do to be
in with a chance of winning is to tweet
them at Garnier UK and use the hashtag
moisture balm and tell them who you
would like most doing your chores for
the week personally I would say ed
Sheeran or maybe Brad Pitt who knows but
yeah that's gonna be it for this video
guys I'll see you bright and early
tomorrow morning I'm going to Coachella
I'm so excited
and yeah I hope you guys all have a
great day see you soon bye guys
