good morning guys this bit of a labeled
up this morning good afternoon guys it
is 10 past 1:00 today
11 all right fact police over there
chill out today we are off to the local
point reporting which for those of you
who don't know which might not it's
horse racing so we do every year mainly
not really for horse racing just for the
kind of social side of things and it's
actually a really nice day so is a
perfect day for a picnic and look who's
coming with us
piglets she doesn't like the car as you
guys know but she will love it when she
gets there the other dogs aren't coming
because they've been playing oh playing
golf at unitaf Falls pond golf and we've
got snacks in the back
great good time we've invaded the back
of mum's car because she's got a way
better picnic I mean Mike's contribution
where the dodgy Dorito dips which let's
face it crisps the crisps and he also
got baked cod hearts and pre-made
brownies mum mum
baked this how amazing does that look
mom baked that ginger cake oh my god I
love ginger cake got scones clotted
cream Jam champagne in real glasses
fancy and she's also made a soup
apparently which is back there but we're
yet to break in today we stayed for a
couple of races but it's so cold really
sorry this morning now it's freezing
piglet is shaking so she's in my jacket
we're gonna go home and get a good cup
of tea oh we've just got back and made
some tea and I've put on this hoodie
that is it's actually a hoodie that
might be bought me when Willie dropped
my camera when we first started going
out so it's like over eight years old
now and it's an Abercrombie extra large
one so it's super super snuggly and I've
got my slippers on and I'm still cold
you know when you get cold like right
down to your bones I need to have a boss
do all my phone
that's the only way Treecko bear we've
just had an exciting delivery few of you
if you follow me on Twitter might have
seen that I ordered a new camera the
other day or I tweeted about ordering a
new camera and it's arrived I'm gonna do
a little bit of an unboxing I've never
done one of these before but we're gonna
do it I have ordered an Olympus PEN
I'm really excited I've had so many good
things about it so let's have a look
so Fleur is demanding that I move piglet
so she can film she's like no what do
you mind just knowing so that you can
sit on your way I'm sleeping you can go
away I'll give you a million kisses it's
not that's never gonna be enough hey
everybody
I'm not gonna yeah the sound hopefully
it's better I hope I'm not gonna cut
myself
no this isn't this is the lens so I got
the 17 mil pancake lens which I'm hoping
if you guys know can we move it up to my
face I can talk do any of you guys know
about whether or not I will get into
each other with Olympus pens you're not
meant to take cameras with a detachable
lens if they're never gonna know it's
attached by that they mean like a DTAC
local professional tomorrow I think
whereas this lens the 17 mill then if
you've got the right thing is very small
like I don't think they're gonna notice
at us catchable ends
hopefully not but if they do I'm gonna
have to go all the way back to the hotel
be a disaster no you just put both in
your back of me what and then just leave
it no let's throw my camera away I'd
have to go all the way back send it tell
to leave my camera so it won't let me in
with the camera oh yeah so if you guys
know if any of you've been to Coachella
or a festival weather like notice
Hatcher lenses more than Olympus PEN I
know this is quite school
it's kuanysh market annalen I'm hoping
anyway so that's the lens okay I'm gonna
take there's also some some
dun-dun-dun it no lies had a lot of
wasted pots going on that is welcome to
Amazon's packaging not environmentally
fancy how exciting it better be the
white one yeah this help - imagine if it
isn't excited so foggy look at that who
do you think it was aimed at one truck
and they actually make cameras now you
guys yeah the bloggers camera there it
was and in here I mean I liked on the
bases most computers don't have CDs
anymore so sorry they're not gonna tear
that off you'll be absolutely fine but
yeah and then I basically got another
lens as well another one yeah I got a 45
moments for taking fools sure I haven't
had a new camera in ages fair enough is
you can actually film like proper and
tech like blog you can take blog photos
and film proper videos on it I'm excited
Mike's just gone and picked up nanda is
for us does the Nando's
I got a mango and lime with bothers me
Oh Mike got mango and I'm sorry with
halloumi cheese chicken wrap I got on my
stream and Hillary wrap with avocado as
well which is super super delicious it's
my usual and what else do we get oh I've
got a sweep state oh yes please to a
drink can I have appetizer please so I'm
upstairs now and I am starting to think
about packing for Coachella and I have
to say I've been quite organized morning
and I've done the following but it's not
really looking overly tidy nobody tell
Mike what my bedroom looks like right
now cuz he's gonna
have a real shock when he comes upstairs
so I'm doing that and I'm kind of I'm
getting there I am getting there and I'm
also watching so or catching up on the
people versus OJ Simpson because I
haven't watched her in a couple of weeks
and I've got two episodes to catch up on
I just had a bit of a rediscovery whilst
makeup packing and I wanted to show you
guys this which I don't know if you
remember well probably not I mean it's
been a long time I've kind of forgotten
about this this is a Laura Mercier
makeup case that might bought me a few
years ago probably like five years ago
now I think but I just absolutely love
the way it's designed and I want to show
you guys what I'm taking to Coachella
with me just really quickly in this
video instead of doing a separate video
about it because I did a different one
recently but I really like this because
it's divided into compartments like this
and they're all magnetized so you can
like pull them out and then just drop
them back in and they just slot back in
then it has a brush section another
section area you can put like I don't
know whatever you want to put in there
and then a couple more sections at the
back so in here in the top section I
have two pairs of eyelashes these are
actually my eyelashes for either accepts
I've taken them out of the box so I hope
they're gonna be okay they didn't fit in
the boxes but they should be okay like
that and then in this section I am
putting all of my eye products I'm gonna
tip them out and show you so I'm taking
my Max Factor masterpiece max mascara
this is a new one which is actually like
the limited edition packaging which is
pretty cool actually quite Coachella ask
so I'm taking that and taking my Tyler
brow gel the eye shadow palette I'm
taking is the NARS and God created woman
palette which is one of my faves it's
just really good of traveling because
it's super compact and small I'm taking
an Urban Decay 24/7 eyeliner in
perversion I'm taking my Burberry it's
like a cream eyeshadow base in this
color is rose wood and then I'm taking
my Tom Ford brow pencil my this is
actually new as a girl and
in jackiebrown like a really resaw from
eye liner my Mac brow pencil as well
just here someone to switch up my Kat
Von D liquid liner and my girl liquid
liner which again is new I got given
these by girl and the two eyeliners and
I'm really excited to try them because I
heard so much about this liquid
especially I use if the first time today
and I haven't used a proper liquid liner
in such a long time I always use the
felt tip ones so it took me a while to
get kind of used to it and like took me
a while to actually draw it on compared
to have my normal stuff but I'm liking
it and then brush wise I'm actually
going to be washing these before I go
but I've just put them in to kind of
make sure what could fit and stuff I
have a bare minerals powder brush
Hakuhodo
contour brush Sephora foundation brush
Hakuhodo blush brush and then a few
Hakuhodo eyes shadow brush is one of
these I think is probably Mac as well
and then a hakuhodo pencil brush and my
tweezers so I'm gonna clean those after
this and then in here I have all of my
lip products if they will come out to
play so I've got a Charlotte Tilbury
nude lip liner I have my CRC liquid
velvet in diva I think this one is yeah
diva so the red and hit up my a Borean
lip balm which is super super
moisturizing I have a new girl look
petite Monroe moi lipstick which I use
for the first time tonight I'd like try
it out for the first time it's actually
really really nice and then I have a MAC
lipstick I think this impetus re and
that's Jubilee so like a nude lipstick
from Mac so they're the lip products I'm
taking and then finally in the big
compartment my bed is now covered in
makeup I have my face makeup so I have
my dual forever foundation which is my
current favorite pan over primer which
again is a like not even a current
favorite all-time faith but on Estee
Lauder Double Wear powder to set it all
but I still order Double Wear concealer
Kevyn Aucoin cream contour and highlight
which is super good for traveling
because it's tiny in compact I have my
YSL Touche Clair my Rimmel Kate Moss
contouring and blush trio I have my
L'Oreal the blush in water rose and then
again two more girl and products that
going to be testing out the first one is
the paragould foundation which is
apparently Mary green Wells favorite
it's really pricey but I use this for
the first time today and the texture is
really really incredible and it stays on
it's like really high coverage it stays
on a lot so I'm interested to try that
out a bit more and then a terracotta
problems at which I haven't used one of
these in years so I'm going to be
testing that out as well I can't open it
with one hand it's like there we go of
what I've got it
so yeah that is what I'm taking you to
each other with me and I am slightly in
love with this makeup bag I totally just
fell asleep on my bed whilst packing and
watching Chelsea does which is like the
Chelsea Handler series on Netflix which
is really good so I'm gonna head to bed
I'll see you all in the morning I hope
you have an amazing day or evening
Mike's in the background taking his
shoes off
see you tomorrow guys
