good morning guys and welcome to a
miserable rainy Saturday we are on our
way to get breakfast
I'm with the two boys but they're being
antisocial and don't want to speak to me
really and they're just whispering about
something who knows well it was we're
going to get some eggs when we come for
breakfast and Jack this is what happens
the phone amnesty jack actually has two
phones and my phone sits under the
phones so that I can't steal it back
first has arrived
I got avocados on toast with eggs
Mike got eggs florentine nice plate some
toast but it looks like it's french
toast which to be honest we're in the
car now and we've been in the car for
ages rubbish traffic Mike's driving jack
is detracting relaxing at the back DJ DJ
as well got a bit of JC going on Jay Z
and Linkin Park my favorite we went to
see them together do you remember like
when was 2008
and socially in a bowl and the empty
bottles so that's all for now just
throwing it out there I just googled the
date of a gig and it was 2008 ever
you're right
I'm always right have you not learned
this point out my god
this little face is what makes any day
better
we've been snuggling this afternoon
haven't we piggy wiggity she's like I'm
trying to sleep will you please go away
so because it's Friday night and I have
been so healthy all week and not
drinking any alcohol or eating bad food
we have got to take away this this looks
like a pretty mighty fine takeaway guys
already got crispy duck these kind of
prawn I don't know what prawns eat what
kind of runs of these they look really
delicious
who's the confront with mango oh the
mango I've got some crispy seaweed we've
got some beef and black men in black
bean this is like some kind of
fisherman's delight with scholar prawn
and that was me hmm special fries crispy
shredded sweet and sour chicken amazing
I'm shocking everybody with my sexiness
right now this is Kolber MD Wow
cellulose facemask yeah she feels
amazing piglet loves it she's like yeah
you look hot this is the cuddle
situation right now
Oh squish is joining in as well and just
lying on top of Caitlin we're watching
the Martian which I fell asleep for last
time we tried to watch it oh pretty
short what No so Mike's watching the gut
Mike actually has a double screen going
on with the Gulf there that's so rude I
definitely just fell asleep on the sofa
and I was having the weirdest dreams
like does anyone else get that and then
you wake up you're like how did my mind
even conceive that crazy times
anyway I'm gonna go to bed now
super tired and all my skin feels
amazing that I've been so addicted to
face masks recently I don't know what it
is just literally been like Oh loving it
see you in the morning I can barely talk
I'm so tired it's been a long couple of
days but a fun one see you tomorrow I
guess
