hey guys I never finished my vlog last
night I actually ended up bumping into
somebody that I haven't seen in ages I
used to do a lot of work with them and
it was just really nice to catch up and
we ended up chatting and then I just
didn't vlog again and I came home really
late and I had had a few drinks and I
forgot to finish my vlog today it's
about half past eight and I've just been
pottering around tidying up the flight
and everything and actually catching up
on YouTube like I haven't watched a lot
of YouTube videos in ages and so I've
just been like kind of catching up on
YouTube and just stalking people
basically stalking people on the
internet we all do it that's why you're
watching a vlog right now see I'm just
catching up on what everybody's doing
I'm also I'm going to get my nails done
cuz I'm off to Coachella on Tuesday with
keels and they've actually invited me
over to get my nails done today or this
morning and then I've got somebody who's
been helping me source a load of clothes
for a lookbook but I'm gonna shoot in
Coachella is coming over and we're
having like a big trial session because
the past couple of weeks have been super
super busy I haven't had a chance to
actually like do that myself so yeah
we've been like emailing 50 emails a day
trying to like work it all out so that
is what's happening today
pretty chill day to be honest I've got a
lot of editing to do but I'm kind of
putting it off because I'm tired I
haven't got any food in the flat either
I'm gonna go out and get some breakfast
probably so that is the update it's not
very exciting and on another note I just
made my bed and then I've lied down on
it during this vlog and I now realize
how annoying that is because I'm gonna
have to remake the bed well just like
even out I'm annoying myself this is
bizarre I'm just about starting my
makeup and I wanted to show you this new
chest that I got in the flat hello love
me this is actually from made calm this
is kind of like a sneak peak my voices
they're like basically lost my voice
from last night I'm talking so much
but yeah so excuse that this is gonna be
in the flat tour at some point when that
actually goes up but I wanted to show
you this because it's really cool it's
from made and then the
comes up and you've got like a little
makeup station and here's all my makeup
inside I'm gonna do my makeup and I'm
also watching my phone's just gone off
but I'm watching
Tamara's March favorites from the
grandma glitter which is like this is
what I'm currently watching I've watched
about 10 youtube videos in a row let's
play there we go I just finish my makeup
this is what it looks like pretty damn
minimal today I've used my Chanel
fighting Lumiere aqua foundation
standard for me really
and then I've used my Charlotte Tilbury
secrets alma mater lipstick which
actually isn't out until the summer this
is one of the new colors I ain't got at
an event recently and I really like it
it's quite um it's quite like a blush
like a deep blush pink really like it
and then my Mac I don't even know what
this is called because it doesn't have
it all written on it the Mac mascara
this one the one that looks like this
it's really good actually
and then my NARS blush in orgasm this is
like a mini one that I got when they did
a collaboration with GlossyBox it's
super cute and then I've used a little
bit of the Urban Decay 24/7 liner in
roche so that's what I think it looks
like a little bit tight my blow-dryer is
still going from yesterday are you one
of those people like this drives me
bananas you know when you see people
that like get a blow-dry once a week
every week and they don't wash the hair
in between and the hair stays perfect
like how do people do that because quite
frankly I this is like going good for me
to have a blow-dry kind of semi going on
to the next day like I feel like if I
went for a run this morning
k-o-k oh my hair just be crazy but even
like when I sleep on it it goes crazy
like even at the front here it's a bit
wild isn't it
but yeah how do you how to make the hell
are so I think it just depends how you
sleep as well cuz I'm a really like
rough sleeper like I sleep a lot of the
time like face down and like rolling
around and move a lot in the night so
I'm kind of like my head is never gonna
stay looking amazing I wish I was one of
those people so this is where I'm going
to get my nails done it's called pool
Edmonds in Knightsbridge and it's
beautiful it looks super swanky so this
is the color I went for it's so pretty
I've just finished having a manicure and
a pedicure and I feel so pampered
because I never ever get my nails done
and I got gels done as well so they're
gonna last the whole trip I literally
feel amazing I could go back to bed I'm
so relaxed but I went for this color on
my nails which is called salt water
happy and then I got a coral on my toes
so feeling very colorful and spring-like
I just spent the past Oh
yep four hours doing styling stuff like
shadow I didn't want to show you guys
because I wanted to be a surprise for
the lookbook and stuff but it's been a
little bit grueling I've tried on about
fifty million outfits bit of an
exaggeration they're quite a lot and yes
I'm now on my way to my friends Sam and
Lauren's joint birthday party you guys
might know it like because they're in
vlogs for a lot but they're actually a
couple but their birthdays are two days
apart
which works out really well so they have
like this amazing party every year and
so the way we do quick out for the day
in the back of the cab which is not the
most ideal place to another day but you
know Mike's not with me yet he's coming
separately so I have on this looks
really odd have on my Chloe drew bag
which is crossbody so I'm going to take
that off and then have on my AllSaints
coat which is like it's really pretty
like Daisy kind of taupe color and then
my shirt which is really it creases
really easily but I really like it this
is from monkey has like this pleating
detail at the waist and then I could
waistband which I got via a sauce then I
have on some black skinny ripped jeans
I'm gonna turn the camera around it this
way some black skinny ripped jeans which
are Zara and then these boots which are
actually got for Coachella and I just
put them straight on there from Hudson
now I think they're really really nice
they're like a kind of tan grey suede
and so I thought they were cool and then
I also have salmon Lauren's birthday
presents which are these
they're like but they could be used as
like a terrarium or they could be used
for candles but I just really like them
and they have a lot of copper in their
house so I thought they would like these
they're like quite kind of cool and like
oddly geometric kind of style they've
also got a fragrance each from the
replica the Maison Margiela replicas
they've got girls one in a boy once
they've got like matching presents not
matching cards but matching presents but
Mike's bringing those because I left
them at home because he's driving down
he's got way more space I'm gonna touch
my makeup now
and yeah I'm not still not feeling super
fresh after last night it was quite late
quite busy and I'm not really feeling on
tip-top form for round two
but we'll get there and I also just
realized that I swapped my handbag over
to bring my Chloe bag out with me today
and I left all my makeup in my bigger
handbag so I'm not gonna touch up my
makeup I'm just going out looking like
this which it's not too bad I feel like
it could be better I don't have any lip
product on and I'm probably be doing a
bit concealer on to my eyes but oh well
eaters and look who I found we're in the
back of an uber right now and we just
left the party I didn't vlog because it
was in a very very noisy bar
what is vanishing I feel like I had no
voice this morning I don't know what I'm
gonna sound like tomorrow wait can you
please fill the void
I lose my easily well they've been
athletes think Batman listening
apparently his voice isn't yes together
where's Christian Bale I she did the
voice do this cuz you an actor he does
acting so Mike was just telling me about
this okay it's a play okay so basically
today I have done I come over the Evod
posse or not but the little sort of
prominent we have a home is really
filled with weeds and so I put barley
straw in to kill the weeds really boring
stories and piglet has been fumbling
around me all day long
she's literally circling the pond having
aware of the time got some a half-hour
performances even a storage dart it's
one of the bushes was like hey no
problem she won't be in there for long
well never long as she has a shot turns
out she was in that for a long time so
got to Bullock locks first leading and I
could hear her on the ground okay so I
kind of I thought she's now a nice shot
need to get ready so what upsets already
got out the shower got changed and as I
was getting changed I heard of barking
since I should be downstairs couldn't
see it went out there she was still in
this bush
I literally spend an hour trying to find
her in this bush found her and I had to
dig like I'm not kidding okay so if he
hold on camera will miss her okay so if
say if fleurs possible fleurs head is
the floor think probably I'd say six
times the size of your head
is how deep down she wasn't this boy he
kidding me it's a big Bush and literally
when I picked her out if if my hand was
this far away from from piglet I
couldn't see her at all it was
ridiculous who is that buried donut
stuff but I pull that out she had like
mud inside her teeth and there's a bit
of blood all over teeth and I think well
she was chasing he was a London Fog new
rabbit shoot it well she gave it
definitely a tickle and all day
someone's very corny and they got on it
and and so basically as I pulled her out
of this hole that I can't pulled her out
on she would not come out this I got a
she was filthy so disgustingly dirty I
didn't snapchat this ugliness I kind of
didn't have time and I got our output on
the floor and she just about turned to
go straight back in was obviously after
ciphers got that she was so few so I
finally got him inside I had to them
Arthur put in the sink that wasn't good
enough couldn't clean it off and sink
had to go upstairs into the I went up
into the bath after then like shampoo
her and then she then spent her entire
like ten minutes was getting ready just
running around the bedroom dry yourself
on the new carpets so so your dog
my dog made me an hour late she's no
she's right nothing my dogs on the land
were well-behaved good hands and that
was that
she's a camera you struggling
