good morning everyone I literally woke
up like this I'm soon my PJs because
Mike and I got woken up at 7 a.m. by a
delivery the dressing-table is here this
is the box I have a feeling it's flat
pack because it is not dressing-table
shaped so let's open this and see what
is inside before I head off to London
the dogs have like dominated the bed and
Mike is saying there you know say
morning look Mike had to throw on his
clothes and run downstairs to help carry
up and the dogs are dominating but let's
open this and see what it looks like
it's the final piece of furniture for
our room I'm so excited my dressing
table they're actually very organized
I'll have you know Mike they are the top
two drawers are pretty much empty yeah
the good news is the table looks like
it's really big the bad news is it is
flat packed and it's gonna require
assembly just a little sneak peek these
are the legs slight distressed wood with
antiqued mirror it's looking good
piglet finds it very boring so I'm ready
to go I want to see a really quick
outfit that I Mike's gonna kill me late
so I'm wearing I'm wearing this is from
Sandra where do you want this ability
you super Cheryl you've got to be really
quick I'm kind of tired
Jesus and your boots snow so I made it
London and Mike wasn't too late
dropping me off at the station he gots
work dude I'm now in Selfridges are he
under construction on the ground floor
here I'm on my way up to the new you
cafe here which is a heavens Ian
hennesey cafe I'm really excited to go
there actually but I'm meeting there and
then I have a blow-dry cuz I'm going to
probably
later and then more meeting so if I can
find it I think it's on the first they
have a whole new fitness section as well
are so tempting just had the most
amazing blow-dry in the Daniel Galvan
color on which there's also just free
opens upstairs and Selfridges every time
I've been there for a blow-dry which
it's twice I haven't been there like a
lot but I'm really really happy with it
it's definitely like my favorite kind of
blow-dry place to go in London I'm now
heading to meeting in Chizik which is
like the other side of stop for a little
bit of an early dinner at 6:00 and sushi
and this is what I ordered it looks so
good
it's chirashi Bowl and it has avocado I
think it's got some green beans some
omelets and prawns some prawn tempura
broccoli I don't know what that is
it could be some kind of other kind of
omelet some salmon some yellowtail I
think tuna it's got salmon roe it's got
bronze
I'm so hungry looks so good I'm now
walking along the River Thames look how
awesome it looks everything is lit up
and the London Eye is pink and loving
that a little bit different actually
been raining all day and it decides to
be nice when I'm outside Thank You
London that was really nice of you I've
just been at an event where it's so loud
I couldn't possibly vlog anything like
so loud I barely could hear anything
myself
so I didn't vlog anything but I'm now on
my way to a benefit event which is on a
ship it's called good ship benefit and I
don't really know what to expect I think
it's like a pop-up but I think it should
be kind of fun I will vlog this for you
and we'll see what's it and I just got
here
we're going down this is like a main
there's a secret Porefessional room
which is actually not very secret but
it's so cool
but there's another bar in here which
makes messes a bit boogying going on I
know I was about to say exactly the same
thing everybody loves Bieber these days
oh my God look at this
and they're playing Britney yes I know
interesting Jim is jelly jelly we're
going for a picture with this sexy lady
she's doing a Leo at the front of the
ship I mean look at her she's written
for me Brahmi turns out this one it's a
bad we have a treasure chest of hate
this is a giant ruler box
it even has the wooden top it's got
eight different rum rum and champagne
this is
