good morning everybody so today Mike and
I are up early it is 7:45 and we're in
the car on the way home it's actually 15
minutes later than we have plans to
leave all your fault I don't think so I
think is the beacon and Ansel actually
we're on our way now we're in three
different cars because we will come from
different places except me I'm the
eco-friendly one that's getting a lift
with Mike but everybody else is in
different cars so we're meeting up apps
to hover it's down the road before we
get onto the motorway and head back up
north to get caffeinated because we had
a few drinks last night I shouldn't have
as many drinks as you might think I
realized after vlogging in the car with
my sister that we looked really drunk
and we both had like two or three drinks
each so we weren't but yeah quite funny
so anyway today we are heading back home
are you going out to hosts area working
away we've got a shoot what I've got
shoot with my mum you keep saying that
week he'd saying week because I'm not
being my mum at home with green and
blacks I might have to like delete that
and we'll hear like a beep or something
because I don't know if I'm allowed to
say like what it is yeah I'm pretty sure
it will be but anyway so we have a
cooking shoot at the house and
apparently there's gonna be 20 people
which since whoa like a lot of people
telling us Mike's like see you later I
might be very very late on the bandwagon
with this but how cool are these
Starbucks cups when did they do this I
actually just got my sister a grande as
well on the ground they once got flowers
all over it's really cool and they're
actually designed by I assume by
baristas that work in Starbucks so this
one was by her Ito's or yeah her it√µs
from Greece
so cool is this an international thing
awesome just got home and it seems that
while the dogs are away staying with
Mike's mom the Pussycat is taking over
growler oh my goodness guys so today has
been a really bad vlogging day because
basically I wasn't really allowed to
show you any of the shoot that we were
filming we ended up the shoot went from
about 11 o'clock to half-past six seven
o'clock so genuinely I haven't blogged
all day and I feel terrible but I'm
gonna vlog this evening for you all and
I hope it is a sufficient vlog because
it has been such a busy day the dogs
have actually just got back Mike went to
pick them up from his parents because
actually a good job they're gonna be
coming back at lunchtime but it would
have been manic and I think piglets had
a tough day haven't you Piggly Wiggly
have you had a hard day is it a hard
life piglet
it's a dog's life hey little fluffball
hello you hello beautiful and Mike's
actually just gone to drop an iPad off
at the pub because one of the crew
members from today left their iPad here
and they're all shooting together again
tomorrow so Mike was like some of them
said they were going to the pub I'm
gonna run it down the road to the pub
which makes me like Mike is just such a
nice guy like genuinely he's such a
lovely person so he's got to do that and
then we're going over for dinner with my
mum's with my mum's at my mom's because
we have this lasagna leftover from
shooting today and a little bit of a
sneak peek what we might be working on
you don't know what it is but little
sneak peek we're going to take that over
for dinner and take her little iPad
cover that I bought yesterday quiet
clearly they listen T in the dog's life
can't you tell I'm gonna go in here
because they're just being ridiculous in
all right right but yeah so my mum was
actually sure
my mom was actually shooting with me
today but I didn't get the chance to
give her that because it was just really
hectic and I kind of totally forgot and
I've just been putting oh look you're
following me now are you you monkeys
that's what we're doing anyway I feel
like it's been a crazy day this is what
happens when my plus kids mic plus kids
equals not chaos is definitely
definitely supposed to be bedtime but as
soon as Mike arrives the kids go wild
and it's not bedtime I just got told off
for playing ketchup on my lasagna and
who is ready for that well I was gonna
say who's ready for country she doesn't
you monkey also busted going to my mom's
in slippers they're indoor/outdoor
slippers and hell yeah I went for dinner
in them this is my happy situation right
now I've missed this one a lot this week
mmm I definitely have we've also got
squidgy Roux here Mike's on the end and
look what we bought a piglet this is
based on many of your recommendations
hey Becky
squidge even are you gonna show us Mike
okay I've got double cuddles going on
right now this is a little brush tool
that got recommended to us which I
thought was a Furminator branded one
because I bought it on Amazon but it's
actually not what's it called Mike hey
Dad that's a DAC it's basically the same
thing you're like deshedding unlike Dee
shedding a light trimming tool for
piglet how do you feel about it Mike
should we Google has to do it properly
under the weekend interesting how do you
feel about it really
wash your pet he's like no no no no no
no piggy doesn't like the sound of it
haha we're also watching the final
dad Mike's already seen it but I'm
catching up piglet what's going on here
what are you doing she's being crazy can
you not get comfy Lapage said a better
hmm
yes now we watch Walking Dead so Mike
and I are in a disagreement right now
about that episode of Walking Dead's
king gentleman there sound another
because I think that ending was
absolutely pants My Love Dare so good I
thought it was pants piggie thought it
was pants though and I've also been
piggies asleep but Sheila was that
boring I've also been doing a bit of
research on piglets further previously I
thought it was because we'd had her quit
when she shouldn't have been clipped but
now I'm thinking more and more that it
might actually be because we've got her
spayed early we didn't really get in
space we got high Spade when the vet
told us to get a spade three months
after her first season but then reading
online I've been reading that you
shouldn't get dachshund spayed until
eighteen months because they haven't
fully developed their coat yet and then
they end up with a fluffy coat like
piglet ended up with so I just don't
know because like it kind of upsets me
that I hope coat is potentially gonna be
like this forever and it's my fault but
then it's actually the vets fall because
the vet told us to go Spade then I just
I don't know I just feel like bad doggy
parent if anyone knows any solutions I
have like a lot of people comment in the
previous video that don't learn to have
actually expect they're kind of guessing
but like genuinely if any of you have a
dachshund and you've had the same
problem let me know is it the trimming
is it the neutering what is it and what
should I do to help get her back if I
can it was sucks just gotten into bed
I'm waiting for Mike to come upstairs we
go to bed and I wanted to say good night
I'm going back to London tomorrow
morning and I've got a really busy day
but some exciting things as well going
on tomorrow so I'll see you guys then
and I hope you're all really well and
have had a lovely day see you soon guys
by
