hello guys and welcome to what is going
to be not a pregnancy chat but kind of a
pregnancy chats are basically and I've
been doing these updates like uploading
them weekly but this is actually nearly
three weeks in so three can't count
three weeks in one because it's from
week 16 to 18 and currently 18 weeks but
I wanted to make it more of a baby haul
this time because in terms of updates of
what's happened to the last three weeks
not much to be honest I feel amazing
everyone serves out that life the second
trimester is like your honeymoon period
or being pregnant and I can confirm for
me that is hung sent true
I felt so good like no more sickness not
really much tiredness I do have a kind
of issue with my hip that I'm worried
might be developing which has only
become an issue in the last day so I
worked at you more on that in probably
the next vlog in this series because my
sister and my mom both had problems with
their hips when they were pregnant not
usually this early my sister had it
around five months I think it started so
fingers crossed that's not going to
become worse it's been quite painful
today so that's happened but apart from
that been feeling amazing definitely
been putting on a bit of weight but
that's fine that's normal what else been
happening and I had a sore throat for
like two weeks and the most annoying
thing ever I rang up and made a doctor's
appointment so like for God's sake I had
my white spots on my throat and
everything so it's definitely like a
bacterial infection I didn't think it
was tonsillitis didn't feel ill it was
just like swallowing a knife every day
what every time I swallow so anyway
after two weeks of it I was like right
I'm going to go to the doctors and try
get some antibiotics and then so I had
the appointment booked for today and I
woke up this morning and it was totally
gone I was like really that's all it
took is to make a doctor's appointment
and then it's gone so yeah and sitting
on the floor in the nursery wearing a
zero makeup right now and I thought I
would show you some of the things I've
there
we kindly been sent by a lot of people
over the past few weeks mainly clothes
and bits and bobs and also a few things
that I bought as well so this is like
the super exciting part I've kind of
like lined everything up nothing has
changed in these cupboards yet so I've
left everything out first thing I got
was this beautiful gift box from
Mothercare and they sent me the most
beautiful little newborn things firstly
you guys know it's a girl so this really
really gorgeous lace little sleep suit
and they also sent a little vest as well
a long-sleeve SS stars these are all
from the smile by Julien Macdonald
collection at Mothercare it also sent me
this little cardigan and it has these
matching how cute matching joggers so
sweet and then there's a blanket in
there as also so kind of them I was
really really excited by this absolutely
adore all of them and then I got a
similar kind of package in terms of like
new baby bits and bobs from Mori
and I actually already had something
from these guys which I'd got from
another company which I'll show in a
minute so they sent me this gift box I
didn't even know this was coming and
they must have asked my management if
I'm having a boy or a girl because at
this point in time I had only an out I'm
going to announce it tomorrow so
actually like I don't know how the new
but anyway they knew and they're the
most beautiful things they're actually
quite simple but the cotton that they're
made of is just the softest ever it's so
so soft so sent me two little
long-sleeve vests one is pink stripes
and then the other is really beautiful
white one and this one is newborn size
all the others are not three but they
are honestly so soft and it's super
super thick soft cotton and yeah I'm
really impressed by the quality of these
some of the like best quality baby
clothes I've ever felt and then this
which is gorgeous is a zip up to sleep
suit which I don't know why more sleep
suits aren't zip up because I think it's
going to be a lot more practical
and it has a little like fold-over
mittens
like they're what they call my built-in
medicines instead of having to get
scratch mittens which apparently just
come off anyway so easily and their
little vests have them as well so cute
and then there's also a little two-piece
and they all match it's the most
adorable thing so this is like a little
it's almost like a cardigan but
especially a top I thinks it's made out
of the same thickness of material it
suddenly got so bright in him Suns come
out and then these are the matching
buttons but they're actually white on
the front and pink on the back so
together it would look like this which i
think is so cute she's going to look so
adorable and then last but not least is
a matching blanket as well so adorable
and then behind this box I've got this
selection of cushions which I actually
ordered from a website called scandi
born which they sent me a few things
which I'm going to show you in a minute
and it got me looking at their website
they aren't anything I selected a few
things from their website and then after
it had arrived I'm so impressed with
everything that I went in ordered this
because I actually had seen this in a
magazine and because the room in here is
kind of like a gray blue color I was
like would be really nice to have like
touches of yellow around the room I know
she's a girl but she's going to have a
lot of pink like clothes and stuff so I
was like but it's blue I'm like yeah
girls can wear blue so the first thing I
got is this little sausage dog with
yellow ears and the yellow paws I think
he's so cute and then I also got this
little guy who's also like mustard
yellow and this moon pillow which i
think is so adorable so yeah I ordered
these and I think they're going to be so
cute I think they'll probably stay on
this bed so what's going to happen with
this but obviously now it's like covered
in baby things and my bag my changing
bag is I actually have this bedspread
which is from Christie I did a project
with Christie recently and they sent me
this and it was supposed to be gray but
as you can see if you match it to the
wall it's actually very very blue it's
like a baby blue grey it's beautiful and
I have matching cushions as well so I
think that is going to go on this bed
and then probably those cushions
we'll say on that but I'm not 100% sure
yet so that is there and then I also
have this box which was the box that is
things that got delivered from scandi
ball and they were so kind and sent me
this huge box of staff first of all is a
sleepyhead deluxe which I was going to I
was literally gonna ordered well I
haven't actually ordered any kind of
baby new stuff like this yet because I
don't know I feel a little bit
superstitious about it but now people
are sending it to me office I'm not like
- no I don't want that because it's too
early but anyway so this was on my list
of things to buy pretty much everyone I
know who's had a baby and possibly is
like you need to sleep ahead they're so
brilliant so they sent me one of these
which is awesome because they're I think
that's quite expensive they're about 120
pounds to buy but basically they're like
a little cocoon saying that your baby
sleeps in in their car so I'm so so
happy I got one of those because they
come very very highly recommended and
then I also picked out a spare cover and
the print that I got is this one so it's
like a gray and white chevron print with
this like really pretty kind of
turquoise he kind of color embroidery on
it so that's the spare cover for
sleepyhead and then I also got a mobile
and this is either going to go above our
changing table which I showed you guys
in the last vlog or above her little cot
it's so cute it's like a little rainbow
kind of but it's not a rainbow because
it's pink but it's like a rainbow shape
with clouds and then I actually have
like the dangly bits or raindrops I
think it's quite cute and that's from a
brand called cam cam and then they also
sent me if you think oh this is the
other Mori thing which I might actually
put with the other Mori stuff but it
matches this is so strange so I'd
actually pick this out from the scandi
ball and website before Mori sent me
this stuff and it matches it's basically
a swaddle bag yeah I just thought this
was so-so and it's really like beautiful
quality and quite heavily weighted as
well which I'm guessing will be good to
kind of muscle like startles and stuff
is a bit when the babies like weight
themselves up but babies there's one
baby guys it's not twice
babies wake themselves up and then the
other thing they sent were to cellular
blankets from a brand called mama
designs again I thought these were so
nice they're gray and they have this
like really beautiful kind of soft
cotton edging I got one pram sized one
with a pink edging and then one cot
sized one which is the larger one with a
blue edging they're really really cute
and then last but not least on to the
things that I have bought apart from the
cushions everything else has been so
kindly sent to me and I've been
absolutely overwhelmed with all the baby
stuff so thank you to everybody and like
wow so anyway the things I bought random
selection of just things I've seen over
the past kind of months really first
things use tiny little socks from next
as you can see these were five pounds
they have to price tags on them these
are just really cute little frilly socks
I know baby soap from the most practical
thing I thought I feel very very cute
there's red ones white ones and navy
ones
so what's those and then I also got this
little cardigan which everyone I know
again that's had a baby always said get
as many cardigans as you possibly can
because they literally that is so useful
and my mom actually found this one in TK
Maxx and it's from a brand called carpet
ash Alcala the French brand it's three
months in age just a white cardigan it
has this pretty like smoke details quite
old-fashioned and it was reduced from 56
pounds to 3 pounds like that
it got absolute bargain it's super soft
so I got that I also picked up this
little linen dress from Aden a ade Aden
anime this is three to six months so
it's kind of like a summer dress but
it'll be warmer by the time she's three
to six months so tall this is so cute I
love this brand they do all the metallic
Muslims and stuff and I haven't got
anything else from them but they have
this for $6.99 and these dresses are
normally like I think like 40 pounds or
35 pounds or something crazy so like
that is a bargain and it's cute oh this
is actually another thing that I got
sent from one of the PR teams that I
work with
is it's just a little baby vest that
says baby to force on it it's just in
with her because it got sent around the
same time and I popped it in there but
how cute it's so adorable
yeah so that was a really lovely gift
and then I got these two baby grows from
next baby
I just thought these are quite cute the
first one is like dusky pink and I'm not
massive as you can tell where the things
that I've bought I'm not crazy about
pink pink baby clothes but I love this
kind of color for this color and then
the color of the baby Maury stuff I just
showed you is almost like that dusky
pink which I really like I'm not
massively into like this super kind of
bright with lots of slogans and stuff
but I just think this is so cute it's
actually very very soft I've heard great
things about the next baby grows as well
because again they have two built-in
mittens and they have toes as well so
she's going to be born at Christmas and
it's going to be cold so you know the
more covering the better in terms of
things and toes as well as scratching
her face and that she came with a
matching headband I'm not sure how I
feel about these headbands on babies I
think I find the vit awkward looking I
know some people love them some of my
friends put them on babies all the time
but I don't know how much your web app
but it just kind of came with them and
then the other one that came with it is
this one which is like clouds has little
stars which thought was very cute again
it's got all of those like built in
scratch notes and everything so these
are in I think then you book up to one
month yeah so these are probably come to
hospital with me I would have thought
they're like the useful kind of sleepy
and easy change type situation and then
the last two things are actually a
little bit bigger first one is this
outfit which i think is three years
three to six months but it's from baby
tari so that le sorry baby collection so
it was the cutest thing it's like this
little kind of tunic dress and it has
these beautiful striped leggings in it
so it was very very cute 799 so that was
really good for $7.99 and then last but
not least I got another velour baby
Grover this is bigger this is three to
six months so this is the kind of baby
clothes like stuff that I just adore
like unisex but very very soft and cut
li and yeah sleep suit for snoozing in
oh and last but not least my baby hall I
got these little dudes so these are all
from different people if I can remember
rightly this little bunny is a jelly cat
bashful bunny in taupe beautiful I loved
him he was from the SP teams thank you
guys this little dude was from
aromatherapy Associates team and he's
really cute though he's from baby
balloons he's not on a jelly cat one and
then this little pink jelly cat one was
from my friend Bailey so yeah she's
collecting a lot of things already she's
gonna be one very very spoiled little
baby that's going to be it for today's
update guys basically a big fat baby
haul showing you all of the things that
little baby divorce is already
accumulated very exciting yeah I like I
feel like I've got so many baby clothes
now it looks like I've been really
spendy but I haven't actually bought
that much stuff I just I'm so lucky and
been sent a lot so yeah god she's got so
much already she's so lucky yeah very
exciting times I'm so glad it's a girl I
get so excited over baby girl clothes
they're just so cute yes that's clear we
have to say I will see you again next
week
and sorry for the lack of actual vlogs
on this channel recently what with
everything going on with the baby and
summer and being on holiday and stuff
there will be normal daily vlogs going
up as well but at the moment it's just
being like baby stuff so there will be
normal drugs going up when I get a
chance to film some which hope you guys
going to enjoy and I'll see you then bye
