morning guys so today I am at Marylebone
station I've actually never been to
Marylebone cause it doesn't run on the
line that I ever have needed to get so
never been here but I'm going to mr.
village to meet my sister which I'm
really excited about because
announcement ladies I say announcement
ladies are like the bane of my life I'm
moving away from the station I can't
hear because she's so loud but yeah
since my sister moved up north about 7
months ago I really don't see her very
often so today we are going for a little
girly shopping day in Vista and then the
boys so Mike and her husband Dan are
coming down tonight and we're going to
see Weezer which is like so throwback
old-school but I'm really excited about
it so yeah I'm getting the train I
didn't realize you could actually play
in the first village you can from
Marylebone apparently because I always
drive back because I live not in London
so yeah I was wondering this morning and
it's the most amazing beautiful
beautiful day today it feels like spring
is properly here so I've just arrived in
Vista village I think my sister has
driven and she's parked out the other
end and she's in Pratt getting coffee so
I'm on my way to see her that it's
probably her now calling me and I'm so
excited that is her hello
no the other way are you walking down
okay cool I'll see you in a second
and by mulberry now okay ah I found her
surprise surprise
you look really small but actually not
much walking in front of you like a stop
it at the background we've got matching
sunglasses on today great minds think
alike what you looking for hand lens in
particular today
holy watch I'm Kitty stuff we've just
been I love things
we've literally been looking in Ralph's
thrown kids like swooning at all of the
baby players because Anna's kids are too
old for it now Willa we need more baby
cute and is currently dominating the
situation in All Saints all for Dan so
spoiler we've stopped for a lunch break
kind of a late lunch break to be honest
but I've been like the super cool super
annoying little sister and basically
copied all of Hannah's feed it was like
I want that
so we basically both gone the crayfish
and avocado salad which is like a
classic but a good pret one and then I
got a tomato soup and Chanukah
passionates really get what is that was
delicious edamame and chicken and ginger
looks yummy no kiddin we are both so
hungry around had any breakfast so
Nevis immediately it was such a fun day
mister we had such a nice time the Sun
was out we got loads of bargains all
parking sensors going nuts
and I wanted to show you this bargain
that I picked up in Burberry for my mum
it's not ready for any particular
occasion but my mom has an iPad that she
uses like every single day and the case
for it is absolutely knackered and she
always looks after my dogs and she
always looks after Hannah's kids so we
found this in Burberry it's an iPad case
if you open up like magnetized prettiest
look how cool this is and it was reduced
from 495 pounds to 39 pounds and I think
it's so nice really beautiful patent
leather so that's for my mum and I think
she's gonna really like it it's just you
know who she doesn't see it before I
give it to it but yeah me and Hannah are
now driving back to London to meet the
boys Mike's on his way down Dan will be
later hopefully he's there in time I'm
gonna get some tasty dinner and I just
got the sunshine is just making me so
happy I just get so excited about spring
I'm such a loser so we've just got back
to the fly and look who's here what the
cat dragged popping all the bases gasps
to be out spraying all of your goods my
handbag and my shoes I wanted to show
you guys the shoes that I bought today
these were from the Koopas and over 50%
off they're actually quite similar get
off my shoes and off I'll kick you with
my new shoes watch out they're pointy um
these were from the people they're 50%
off and they're actually quite similar
to the style I was wearing before but
those ones were from forever 21 and a
year old and really tired and actually a
size too big so I got these and I love
they remind know that these are awesome
My these are a size bigger than I
normally wear because they're narrow
they actually fit your pal all the time
we're going out to get drinks now very
sorry um quench my thirst I'm still not
here what he's gonna miss out we're
gonna be for your drinks down by the
time it gets here snooze you lose we're
at the electric diner and I got the best
Bloody Mary in the world
I love the Bloody Mary's here because
they have gherkins and olives and celery
and they're really spicy foods arrived
we've gone berry like girls and guys so
far so me and Hannah have both got the
raw vegetable salads which if you guys
ever come to the electric diner this is
the best salad it's so delicious and
we're also sharing a mac and cheese and
the boys both have burgers and I'm also
gonna eat Mike's gherkins because he's
not eating those yum this stuff I also
got some extra vinegar because this
stuff is so good this is where the
inspiration for my raw vegetable salad
that I cooked on what day was a Saturday
night came from so so yummy we're here
and ready for Weezer there's a car
nearly running me over
apparently it sold out so it's gonna be
busy something
was amazing it was really good even
other liked it fun dancing
well now probably triggered for another
train when we get back I think I can
like give for enlightening beverage not
whiskey whiskey is not a light beverage
like I've had too much whiskey I went
for whiskey the other night with Robin I
went to a whiskey event I'm working but
you can't drink anything but whiskey and
I really don't like whiskey but I didn't
want to be rude so I had to be like but
the next morning I felt really bad
whiskey's no your whiskey for my skis
bucket just just Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin
so we just made our way was the scariest
you ran over I thought we were gonna die
there for eternity
but he was a really scary driver so
we're gonna crash how many spells or
different it was very hairy
I'm currently drinking a drink
that looks really dodgy but it actually
tastes like pumpkin spice latte cocktail
it's got cinnamon basically looks really
good you might got slow Gin for the you
know for the crouton five-thirty going
on 320 should be just straight old man
old man oh I'm in bed now I'm super
sleepy so I'm gonna call it a night
oh my god I thought you guys jump on top
of me hunters we have a shoot tomorrow
um I'm actually not sure how much I'm
allowed to tell you
I say wait it's not this one it's me and
my mum hmm I'm gonna check how much I
can say and what I can say it before I
say it but you just said it I've just
said it but didn't say who it was like
the waters full mmm it's not for that
see you in the morning good bye
you
