hey guys what's up so today I am having
a bit well not really a lazy morning
because Lisi actually got up really
early and left she's gone the burners
mood
well the sofas made back in my chair and
torture well so she left at about 7:15
this morning and I've just been doing
some editing and getting ready I
basically like re judged my hair from
your sin and put the crime here in this
bit to make it a bit more voluminous
again but I thought rather than wash it
or try and get away with it for another
day because I washed it yesterday so I
feel like I didn't really want to do it
again
yeah and I've also just done my makeup
which for some reason you know you do
your makeup some days and I'm just I'm
like really really happy with my makeup
today I didn't actually put that much
makeup on it just seemed to all work so
I'm wearing Chanel avoiding me at my
foundation which is like my go-to
all-time favorite then Mac tenderloin
blush which is really really subtle and
Mac lightscapade mineralized skinfinish
this as a powder which is really glowy
and nice I really like it it's about it
rather than a highlighter and then I've
got no eyeshadow on I've just got
Topshop liquid liner and Max Factor
mascara just on my top lashes as well so
I usually always always always do the
scar on got some lashes too but I
thought man and then I've got George
Armani brow maestro in ash blonde on my
eyebrows and that's it oh patisserie
lipstick as well that's it so I feel
like I said I'm just having one of those
like it's not minimal make-up but like
just like fresh and easy makeup days and
I am happy with it I'm gonna do an
outfit today before I go I think I'm
gonna head and grab some breakfast
because I have absolutely no food in the
house after we ate those biscuits last
night I think I actually have a few of
those biscuits left but I'm reserving
them like I don't want to eat them for
breakfast so yeah I'm gonna go and get
some food and I'm gonna pop in to Harvey
Nichols because I have about she's been
there and I get really stressed any of
you guys get really stressed when you
have vouchers you're like I've got to
spend it on the right thing because if I
just buy something willy-nilly and and
just buy something I don't really need
or one or whatever then I'll really
regret it I feel like I went in the
other day
look around and find many things I'm
gonna have little look my first meeting
today's at 2:00
I've then got I've got three meetings
and then a dinner tonight which is
really exciting we're actually going to
sexy fish which I went to like two weeks
ago with GHD for an event but because my
train the last like early train was at
nine o'clock home I had to leave at nine
o'clock I basically got to eat like
three mouthfuls of food and then had to
leave and the food was so good and I was
so sad that I missed it because it's
like it's one of those like really cool
restaurants everyone's kind of going to
it moment but that's why we're going
tonight I'm gonna stop waffling now I
just loved the way this pink chair looks
in videos some reason pink in my
background of my videos just makes me so
so happy any of you guys have like happy
colors that make you like I don't know I
just I just love pink bright pink is my
color quick outfit of the day before I
leave I need to get a full-length mirror
I know guys it's not ideal but I'm
wearing my ray-bans these are actually a
couple of weeks old but fairly new these
are the silver frames with their like
rose lenses I'm slightly obsessed with
them I really really love them and then
I've got on my AllSaints pink jackets
which is getting really dirty at the
sleeves already it's so hard to keep
clean I've got my Topshop leopard and
like green leopard shirt on my Chloe
drew bag which I've worn to death and
it's still going strong I love it
my Topshop skinny ripped jeans and then
forever21 boots that I got last spring
and yeah this is what it looks like all
together love it I'm currently trying on
a few things in Sandro oMG I'm obsessed
with this dress as well and I have five
weddings this year so I'm hoping this
looks good I know it's see-through
though and I'm not sure what we're under
it I have been a
terrible vlogger and I've been in
meetings basically all address today
it's quite dark in here so the folks is
going to be crazy but I'm sorry but now
I'll tell y'all I'm having dinner in
Sector fish in London kind of like I've
been alone like hypee restaurant right
now and I'm going to show you the tunes
it's very also I'm going to take to the
toilets later because they are amazing
and I'm with what are you doing are you
ready for this
we've gone this is the signature sexy
finish roll it looks amazing I'm gonna
eat this we're actually I'm gonna treat
you with some of the other courses any
we've ordered lots of so this is their
spicy no crispy prawn roll we've got
seven tuna tartare which that's amazing
and you
oh my goodness I already ate some of
these but these are the tiger prawns so
delicious
she just moved them prawn dear sir so
yummy I got some sea bream and some sea
bass OMG making just thought this was
rain it is part it's a water feature
where are awaits the news guys and I
want to show you the loose eggs they are
off the chain amazing Mike
walk down heroes like it is a bit dogs
in here though we're bleeding in a bump
into other people and it's going to be
super awkward it's called like magical
glowing marble they must have like
lights behind it so who Beck's are still
in the loop I wanted to show you guys
the taps in here like it's just so crazy
they have fishy taps amazing amazing
flowers and it smells like Christmas
we're gonna say goodbye to the glowing
marble but this is the I did the fish
taps was very cool right we are I'm like
this is why me about the door I ordered
like tea and rose sorbet which comes
with a fishtail erm er which looks
amazing Becky thought these were horns I
mean I can see the confusion but you
know wearing sexy fish the bony fish
that's where they are
it's the horny fish we're back in the
flat now after the most delicious meal
and because I haven't seen Becky in ages
since her birthday I'm giving her a
birthday present and it's literally like
opening pass the parcel it's had like
three bits of string around it then and
then this she's found delivered of this
and it's amazing to T two's like what my
favorite tea shop ever and this one is
obsessed with tea what is that no no
what do you think it is
what is this this is strainer
oh I might have to fastball with this
bit cuz I miss shaky hands over here
might take oh my goodness a teapot with
a strainer inside oh it's a glass so I
just had to show you guys the actual TV
part once once would uncover there I'm
kind of obsessed with it I bought it
ages ago
and you like pour the tea in there but
we're actually having to use it now to
make tea because I have a similar kind
of thing like this is my little teapot
here and it's meant to have a strainer
in it and I forgot to put the strainer
in before I brought it from home so I
think we're getting upset or we could
just use the whole time let's train a
confession oh we might we'll just use
your pot because we're also making tea
with this tea which is from the same
place that Becky's two boys from and
that equals well actually it's called
tea - Baxter's buns oh my goodness it's
like hot cross bun flavored but it just
it smells like Christmas it's like it's
like you like the brioche tea that we
always talk about it is amazing it's
like that but a spicy sweet version Oh
are you smelling it are you shoving in
your face being like smell it oh my god
sad times I don't like you know I put
some other tea that you can have and
it's not as good as that oh no way cuz
you've got sample got samples is it
loosely flavour black tea go go go sleep
baby go black tea cinnamon cardamom
ginger nose I think it's gonna go like
spicy this will be good it's not there's
no gluten in there let's do it sitting
here with RT which F where I tastes
amazing it's like caramel so it's like
salted caramel don't you think it's just
so so yummy we've got candles lit this
romantic lighting
just having on a romantic date just
having a general chinwag to be honest
it's been so nice to catch up actually
so we haven't seen each other for since
before your birthday
it was around your birthday actually
because yeah because I couldn't bring
the I think I forgot the present or
something like that that's right yeah oh
yeah we got the train back together that
was that last time we saw each other
that was like the end of February yeah
haven't seen each other in ages so I've
been catching up I'm gonna call it a
night now and go to bed because I'm
super sleepy but I'll see you in the
morning I'm going to pista village with
my sister tomorrow and we are going to a
concert I'm not gonna tell you who we're
going to see but I'm really excited
about it see you in the morning
bye bye Beckster cheers cheers big ears
