good morning everybody today I'm in
lessees car she's driving the chauffeur
the truth the shipper the shopping food
today we have a really exciting level
because we're off to the Olivier Awards
with Mack so hence we've got no makeup
on my hairs like a bit because we're
having like hair makeup done and then
we're going to the awards going out for
a snazzy dinner very very excited we are
on our way now to train station and yes
on another note
laughter date that's all though listen
he gets pretty stressed about being a
she's got she's like always on time for
everything always early and we left
about four minutes late I was like
holding a story of my life
we'll be fine we'll be fine those roads
actually really clear so we'll probably
get there in time to get it cut coffee
which would be delightful it's actually
another beautiful day it's really busy
when I woke up this morning and then the
Sun came out I was like today is gonna
be a good Sunday you know what Lissy was
worrying about because we're here ten
minutes early and excuse me lady
anyway we got here ten minutes early got
my coffee Missy and I have just arrived
at the flat and we're putting our
outfits on for tonight this is looking
amazing right now I'm just throwing out
there this dress is from ASOS just
arrived love it I am currently in double
shapewear so I show you right now I've
got a body I'll show you the top half
I've got body on and then I've got Spanx
on I'm not sure the strikes start here
and they go down to my knees who is that
sexy I'm gonna show you my outfit
mistake but I just thought I had to
share that we're also listening to NSYNC
great it's just a great Sunday okay so
really quickly before I leave this is my
outfit which you guys might have seen I
did a whole video where I tried this
outfit all on together the top is from
self portrait the skirt is from Karen
Ryland and I've got my John Vito Rossi
plexi I think they called Calabria the
actual style but like this kind of half
see-through
shoes and then the bag that I'm taking
tottering over here is my YSL clutch
that altogether it looks a little
something like this with lines through
the middle because my mirror I got
actually have like a proper full-length
mirror yet so this is what it looks like
and as you can see the coffee table
arrived the other day this is my magical
coffee table I'm going to show you why
it's magical when I actually get around
to doing with flat tour we're nearly
there we still need the dining table but
we've turned the little sofa into a
little bed félicité tonight in advance
because we're gonna be back to late a
cab is just arrived ready to roll now
walking through a packed cotton Cardon
on a Sunday with no hair makeup done
dressed up to the nines standing out
like absolute sore thumbs we're on our
way to the max door to get our hair and
makeup done which I'm really excited
about because I didn't actually think
I've been to this Maxwell before because
when I was at uni I used to live around
here and the max hall was behind us on I
think it's Neil's tree the Ron at moment
and it's moved so we're going to the new
one things are looking distinctly better
already
thank you to the lovely Rachel I was
doing my makeup red mouth and she's used
this amazing little palette which is
called burgundy times 9 I'm slightly
obsessed with it you actually can't see
the line look at it
see this so nice a lot of laughs yeah
yeah good stuff and then I've got the
high pony which is I don't normally wear
my
I'm really hungry and I got the most
amazing looking spaghetti
his lobster spaghetti Lisi got a little
old ago darkness Anya which looks
incredible
why do I keep so it turns out we're a
little bit fashionably late there's
nobody else here anymore
whoopsies
we have some wine
currently overlooking Covent Garden on
about me at the after party and it's so
beautiful I just had to show you really
quickly because what you can see here is
like the top of Covent Garden Market and
it just looks so lovely it's like really
majestic and amazing
so we've just got back to the flat I've
put my PJs on immediately because the
Spanx and body combination was quite
tight-fitting I'm not gonna lie
I had such a good night actually really
really enjoyed the oliviers because it
was so different to a lot of other
things they're similar like that that
I've been to in the past like the actual
performances like musical performances
and like actual part like pieces of like
what would you call them like acts not a
whole act in a play but like a scene in
a play and they're like take little
snippets from like different musicals
and there'll be different songs and it
was just really the whole vibe was
really relaxed and cool and I just
really really enjoyed it as a show it
was really entertaining my earrings are
like dangling off right now I've got ear
cuffs on that clip on like that which I
on a side note I really love but I've
like half taken them off because does
anyone else find ear cuffs really really
like pinching after a while like after a
few hours I'm like get them off
talking of getting them off this makeup
as beautiful as it is is coming off and
I'm going to bed
although I think we need to eat
something before you go to bed because
we had our dinner at like 5:30 five
o'clock very very early and it's now
midnight
this is he oh my god it was tempting to
go to McDonald's so this is the only
snack that I have in the whole house is
my tin of ginger biscuits oh no mom
bought me
it's got piglet and Paris on it which is
basically coolest thing ever it has like
individually wrapped this kit and I'm
not gonna lie I we got these quite a
while ago I'm hoping they haven't gone
off within luck sell by date best before
26th of the 6 2016 biscuits for midnight
snacks literally midnight
okay something just happened I'm not
allowed to vlog till I see that I'm not
gonna blog but if she'd have let me blog
it would be really funny no she says no
apparently I'm in bed now the makeup is
off I had such a fun evening I must
thank you to Mack for inviting us
because it was so nice not only to do
such an awesome thing and go to a really
cool event but also to be able to take
Lissy with me as well because we never
really get to do that kind of stuff
together so it was really really fun see
you all in the morning
I've got lots of meetings tomorrow so I
don't know if it will be as an
interesting uh vlog but we will see and
I hope you all have a good evening like
