good morning guys sorry to interrupt you
singing Missy so this morning Leslie and
I have decided it's actually not this
morning it's nearly 12 o'clock because
we basically had a super lazy morning
I've been editing stuff and we are going
for a run I mean only recently going to
running and I feel like I was talking
about it in February of lobsters or so
you guys probably know but I actually
got an injury and I had my nails to run
for a couple of weeks so this is my
first run in like two weeks I'm a bit
nervous I'm also been nervous running
with Lisi because she's always been way
free to than me and she's always been
like really sporty and I've been really
unsporting so that is what's happening
I've also got in case you're wondering I
have a spot sticker from skinned Iceland
on my big spawn which in you know when
you have like a spot brewing under the
skin it's like it's working its way out
so I feel like this might help so I've
got that we're gonna do this run I think
we're going about four and a half miles
I'm actually probably not gonna take my
camera because it's quite heavy for
running and I'm slightly worried because
this one is a bit competitive and buy a
bit competitive I mean really she's
break messing basically she's gonna run
off and leave me that's what's gonna
happen
so we've did it we actually just ran can
you believe it
six miles okay I may I may have half
walk to the last mile but we did it
Missy didn't walk any of it she's
freaking pro piglet is now terrorizing
her and trying to lick her in the nose
it's actually turned in to the most
beautiful day look at this glorious
sunshine guys because they tend to be
quite a frequent what's that what's the
word frequent frequent they make
frequent cameos yeah so anyway so we're
gonna go shopping now and decide well
you know well you know do like steak on
the side so we get some prawns and we do
marinade and some chicken and we used to
make some as you called it last night
let's eat
bad ass salads
I like my myself do I did without
signing sound like an absolute idiot
like they've just been on a run and now
I'm gonna eat some quinoa like Mike's
mowing the lawn as well for the first
time oh you know what we could say the
roof down on my car for the first time
this yeah yeah this is piglet in her
natural habitat the miniature woolly
mammoth look at her she's so fluffy baby
what you doing apparently she's just
rolled in poo Mike said she's rolling
Fox pee which stinks
hi wicked emus oh you stink a little
good this is crazy guys it's the second
of April we've got the roof down it's
actually so warm like how a nice wait
there's a temperature thing on my car I
just feel that so nice let's do this
thing
we're looking a lot better than we were
as well we are slightly better but I'm
still hiding behind my sunglasses let's
go and get some food I'm seriously
hungry after that I actually did get
your pantry did you what I have some
nuts it's like well oh good this is the
first time I've had a big trolley in
quite a while
pretty much done it's gonna be a big
cookie nice very now we're trying to
decide which crisps to have there are so
many that's actually sounds really good
who would want naked Chris there's no
salt or anything on them
not me whatever though we've just got
home and it's actually quarter to four
unintentionally we haven't had a lunch
yet so we've made this little picnic
lunch I'm gonna go and sit in the garden
got some olives stuffed peppers / moster
mursalata macro passe more olives and
cheese got these Marmite flat breads and
I'm smashing it on the floor maybe
excuse me madam you're not invited to
sit at the table you diva
look at this guys actually cannot
believe how glorious today is it's like
full-on summer and you're not getting
any of my food you thief the collection
eyeing it up also got the world's
biggest loaf of bread which is Ashley
for tonight as well we're all gonna eat
we're really hungry guys we're gonna eat
all of this bread oh that's my phone you
cracking that open yeah baby
this is currently trying to get a
picture of all the four dogs together
and it's making me laugh it's just not
happening pig-like fail it's a little
bit later now and we are now getting our
cook on so the boys typically are
watching football like I can't even look
what Mike's like I'm not even coming
into the kitchen there's a lot of mess
going on an island which I kind of don't
want to show you it's like actually
quite embarrassing but Lauren in here
she's chopping some peppers are yeah
love it we've got more Prosecco on the
go Lisi is m'angil innings it's cutting
her finger like it's leading a lot so
yeah Lucy's mandolin e we're making raw
vegetable salad here and then I've just
made a my kale salad which like my
favorite salad ever and I'm now gonna
get slicing for the hot stone which is
this also need to slightly just like
organize the table of it as well because
we've got all sorts of stuff going on
but that is what is going down I want to
eat this so bad look at it yummy so
after about an hour of chopping no
cooking just chopping we've got our raw
vegetable salad going on which looks
very delicious and colorful we've got
we've got some peppers we've got some
mushrooms some prawns got kale salads
which I've shown you already and some
jalapeno chicken and some scholars and
lots of condiments and sparkling water
and a hot stone and candles perfect
Saturday night Lucy and I discovered
something really really really special
in supermarkets a Ben & Jerry's utter
peanut butter cutter cookie core peanut
butter ice cream with peanut butter
cookies and a crumbled peanut butter
cookie core it's basically like my
ultimate ice cream oh my god guys it's
probably the best ice cream I've ever
had in my life bold claim but on flame
piglet is being incredibly disloyal
right now and is cuddling up with Sam
who is already asleep on the safer
before you even watch the movie everyone
started the movie I'm gonna go and steal
her back because I want a cuddle I've
got all the cuddles right now and the
focus what I know people don't leave oh
no she's just she's just adjusting we're
watching some intense film called mr.
Turner which I wanted to watch the
butler but okay this is probably gonna
be it for this evening
yeah Lizzie is actually a history of art
teacher so this is she's all about this
kind of stuff all about it we're gonna
watch this now I'm gonna go to sleep
probably within a couple of days and
it's kind of days a couple of minutes
and I'll see you tomorrow guys
