good morning guys and welcome to what is
the second day of April vlog but it's
actually the first day of April so
basically if you guys watched
yesterday's vlog it was from Japan when
I was in Japan in December and I've been
waiting to put that vlog up for so long
and it was always meant to go up on the
1st of April so I'm gonna put it up as a
part of April vlog and then we'll see
where it goes because I'm actually
travelling quite a bit this month so if
I end up missing a vlog I feel like that
can take its place and blah blah blah
anyway today is actually the start of
April and I am in my bedroom I'm
actually quite excited to be in my
bedroom this morning because I'm
actually starting this quite latest
midday already I've just been doing a
million emails and prepping to film I'm
filming a spring makeup looks and it's
the first time I've actually ever filmed
a makeup tutorial at my own dressing
table because the background in here
used to be like not very nice and very
yellow I always used to film downstairs
in my office but I'm filming here today
so I caught everything lined up I've
actually moved the mirror onto the floor
this is the mirror where we actually
have also ordered a new dressing table
so the room tour will be coming soon
once that arrives this is from like this
is like a matching 80s built-in thing
from our old room and it's just still
here so this is why I'm filming with
today I've got everything lined up I've
got my little camera there and I'm also
filming my monthly favourites and my new
and beauty video today so it's gonna be
quite a busy filming day hence it's
taken me ages to actually set up but
yeah it feels like really serene and
calm being in here I just like can't
keep looking at the background our bed
is really wrinkled because we need to
change the sheets but yes that is what
is happening oh another thing I want to
tell you guys I got a delivery today
dun-da-da-da comes in this box and it's
from a website called Louisa Via Roma
it's a handbag and I don't want to show
you guys in this video I wanted to ask
you guys what you think of the whole
kind of unboxing thing that's going on
on YouTube at the moment because I
really love watching them but I don't
really feel that comfortable doing them
myself like in I don't know why it's
different to a whole but it feels a bit
more like showing off your than a whole
and I know that sounds really stupid cuz
it's essentially like the same thing but
let me know what you guys think of it
anyway
what I'll probably do is put what the
contents of the box up on Instagram and
then it will be in kind of a lookbook or
whatever so I don't know I'm not gonna
do a haul with it but I'm might I don't
know I just want to know what do you
guys think of unboxings let me know I'm
undecided anyway I'm excited that that's
the right though because I have actually
opened it it wouldn't be a legit
unboxing if I did it unboxing cuz I have
opened it and it's very exciting so you
guys might see that on Instagram in the
next couple of days I'm gonna get a
filming now and I'll see you in a while
who knows in like an hour probably I'm
gonna actually put my makeup on camera
it's gonna be good I've just finished
two videos I've just done my makeup this
is what it looks like
tada and I just felt my monthly
favorites I'm gonna go and practice on
the third video I was kind of having an
airing whether or not I should film my
new and beauty from April today or
tomorrow but I think I'm gonna do it
today because I'm happy with my makeup
and everything so I'm gonna do it and
then I've got to edit it and then get
yesterday's vlog up and there's a lot of
stuff to do today I haven't eaten
anything yet either so I might go and
try and hunt down some food I've also
got to kind of put my room back together
because I've been I'm just like chucking
stuff on the floor hello there little
stink muffins you haven't seen the vlog
for a while so I thought I would come
and show you guys Treecko who is half
asleep and bigwig who's also half asleep
I actually tweeted about this the other
day if any of you guys are dog groomers
or good at grooming dogs we basically
got piggy-wig Clips we got all of them
clipped about got it must be it may be
four or five months ago now and these
guys have grown back quite well
obviously treacle was half shaved from
her operation last year so she had to be
pretty short clipped and she's growing
back like pretty not much to quite dirty
at the moment but piglet has grown back
really fluffy like a wooly little bear
and it's actually really soft and quite
cute but she doesn't look quite herself
like she's usually normally like super
super beautiful and she has really long
kind of lovely hair and she looked
lovely when she was clipped but I don't
want to get into that routine of having
to have her clips like every certain
amount of time I want to grow
normally so if you guys know about dog
grooming know anything about dog
grooming should I leave it to grow out
now
of her like woolly bear status look
under here she's so fluffy or do I get
her clicked again like once I've done
this now right if I effectively like
ruined her coat will it ever grow back
we'll set aim and it's just a matter of
time or do I actually have to just get a
clip from now on she's literally like
fluffy teddy bear she is very cute her
eyes been a bit poorly today I think we
need to bathe this Lapage I think we do
you extra eyelashes you're just too far
for your own good piglet so my mummys
just arrived I thought I would tell my
seagull because she looks so nice today
do I look awful listen no you look so
nice
not in that accent like Bora I'm just
making a cup of coffee
I think this milk mmm I hope it's hot
enough we're gonna have to put it in the
microwave it's not did you spill milk
everywhere as well and I also can't
remember which one I put sweetener in
coffee roulette not that one here you go
coffee for you we're just having a bit
of a chinwag and drinking coffee where's
the tea towel and I've just finished
filming my third video so I'm having
coffee with mum and then it's on to the
editing but I think on the plus side
list he's coming over laces it's not
gonna be a totally boring vlog otherwise
my day would literally be filming and
editing
. ends goodbye I have just finished all
of my editing and filming and everything
for the day and it feels so good it's
about one half six and Mike came home
lyses here as well by the way Mike just
came home with a new addition to the
household Apple TV which I don't think
it's necessary what do you guys think
about Apple TV is it a good thing or not
let me know but we've basically just
been rewatching the first vlog that we
ever made with piglet we went to pick
her up and it was used to be so small
he's still pretty small look at her I
still think you're cute piggy I actually
think you're almost just as cute as you
go in your puppy look at oh she's like
Talley is also here who is in the
doghouse because telly telly this is
Lucy's dog she just peed on the carpet
after Lizzie was like don't be so
ridiculous my dog doesn't know she peed
on the carpet so now guys we've got to
decide what to do dinner what we moved
in a puppy unchanged cells gym gear
which I definitely used today in gym
contact I'm going to the gym I'm gonna
put on my gym clothes and then you
actually everyone has those kind of days
just me more often than most people's so
are we gonna cook we're gonna go get
food and curly or will you go to the pub
decisions decisions
on another note I'm totally rocking some
seriously odd socks today and I want to
know why is it weird to wear odd socks
like wider socks come in pairs
why isn't odd socks just a thing I'm
making it a thing today got bees on one
foot and a sports nook on the other
brilliant we're on our way to the pub
and Friday night that was a massive
however I'm not lying it's not actually
be that crazy a Friday night because
that is just the three of us these two
may as well like seriously not only are
they in the front and I am in the back
on my own is dark is not always light
back here where's my lighter huh they're
picking on me they were just telling
musing up when I was trying to vlog
taking them making out me
so we cannot refers to speak one second
I'm for the world small time oh yeah
sure like sure
picking on me this is what happens when
you put your husband and your best
friend together and you sit in the back
because we make a great team it's kids
you make a great team and I'm the odd
one out hmm I may have just ordered a
glass of Prosecco and I actually got
given a mini bottle and it's got two
glasses in it because it's a glass there
and there's like hospitals bargain it's
like two for one that looks disgusting
it looks like in purple
but also just discussing how hungry we
are because I'm basically not I'm not so
I heard Freddie's reckless I may it may
have got late because I had my issues of
today
so I was driving away with my car then
go back go back go to the company make
the car get the entire what have a nexus
I got the wheel go I've managed to
convince Lizzy to share something she
doesn't normally feel great about
sharing yeah but I've got a little Mets
a platter
mike has mac and cheese with ham or can
a poached egg yolk because it came Anna
a said
using it already yeah
you eat very very quickly however Lisi
had the biggest fish I've ever seen on a
person chance looks like you had a small
fish non-intervention was that bet it
was large we literally had a
whoa-whoa-whoa moment because we nearly
fought to block this as well I'm not
gonna lie me and Lizzie got us to share
can I change my mind
we should definitely have got our own
ones it's quite it's mascarpone vanilla
Moscone with elderflower how do you like
them apples drama going on right now
I'll just have it alright we're now back
and we've decided we've decided that
we're having a girly pamper evening
because I've got this big spot coming we
need to like hardcore cleanse and per
face mask on so I try to decide what
face mask to use as you guys might be
able to imagine I've got quite a flood
you happy
jihadi facemasks like well actually
you're in the right place this is why my
current skincare but I also have some
down there I haven't actually tried yet
it depends what kind of thing you're
looking for you see oh this is a recent
requirement of mine quiet is that word
acquire something I've recently acquired
this is the turmeric and cranberry seed
energizing radiance mask so depends I
think we need like going to sleep open
everything and deep cleansing was this
one I haven't tried yet this is dirty
literally deep pore cleanse I feel like
we need that yeah and I feel like we
need some good can use that Elizabeth
Arden cleansing oil I've also got the
skinny sis rapid radiance cleanse which
is a two-in-one cleanser and mask
I use this Kinesis the cleanser good
I've also got this which you haven't
tried yet which is a mascara off oil so
it's basically like a mascara wand with
cleansing oil on it which my camera
won't focus on it's like plain refusing
I'm clicking on and is just it hates it
I'm gonna have to go far away there we
go it's from Too Faced and it basically
is a mascara wand with cleansing oil on
it and it takes his car off let's try
this out this is what we're doing we're
doing a first cleanse with Elizabeth
Arden cleansing oil to get a little
makeup off and we're cleansing again /
masking with the skinny sis rapid
radiant skeins which base like a
cleanser we can leave on for two minutes
and acts as a mask then we're gonna put
a little bit of the bodyshop tea tree
mask on our spots and then we're gonna
use the Sarah Chapman 3d moisture
infusion on our face potentially with
the I don't know if there's gonna be
room for the stress relief I must say I
might like to go then I hate to go off I
shaped I think something they are they
go under your eye no I think I've gotten
s the lower one this is got Animus one
we're also going to use this crazy
little contraption first layer is on
Lacanian pretty sexy right now oh so
good I actually come on TV probably
because I definitely got too much fun
during my eyes I think I'm gonna have
already the green baby there too is now
on we've got the eye bags this is a new
new thing with mouths glaring going on
right now I'm probably not gonna do it
but were you driving
higher up than I am I giving your either
these are actually quite different these
estee lauder ones are like materially
like papery and the ones you've got like
Jenny
oh my covers so yeah like I wouldn't put
them too close it's a strong look I'm
not gonna like jelly
you actually do look terrifying one does
look pretty terrifying my problem isn't
strips down here goes onto my lip
instead of staying on there oh man this
is not a sexy day Mike do you not want
me sitting on the sofa d I thought we're
having a romantic evening again Oh piggy
was hitting me yeah
nobody loves you telly pinky love Talley
don't you whine
pinky does daddy doesn't love piggy that
piglet has just been looking at me like
I am a crazy person as soon as I turn
the camera on you turn around why do
dogs do that she also just tried to lick
my nose and licked the face mask and now
it's very upset I don't know what her
problem is totally normal totally normal
oh you liking our D if you got a taste
for it piggy you silly sausage my skin
now feels amazing I'm sitting here
cuddling the little Pookie woogie who is
it being a fidget boss I'm Ashley and
we're watching painting game which is
Mark Wahlberg movie definitely gonna
fall asleep in a few minutes I'm gonna
call it a night here see you all in the
morning
it's Saturday's dead a day piggie day
well she's got really stinky breath see
you tomorrow guys bye
