hey guys so I can't even begin to tell
you how excited I am to be starting this
vlog because I am in Japan right now I'm
actually in Tokyo I just landed after a
pretty grueling 12-hour flight and I've
just got to my hotel room this is a view
out the window oh my goodness I've been
obsessed with Japan since I was earlie
teams probably it may be even as young
as ten and it's the first time I've ever
been I'm so excited and I'm gonna be
vlogging this trip before you guys
however this vlog is actually gonna be
going up a few months off from here so
if you guys remember on Twitter or
snapchat of me being in Japan this is
the vlog from that trip and I hope you
guys enjoy seeing a little bit of Japan
in Tokyo and Kyoto I'm actually here as
a guest of Joe Malone which again is
another dream country because I'm one of
my favorite brands they're launching a
new collection fragrance is called
rarities and I'm going to learn a little
bit more about the Japanese tea ceremony
and where the tea kind of comes from to
make the fragrances as well as just
experiencing Japanese culture so I am
super excited about this one and I
cannot wait to take you guys along with
me calmly will you let's go and explore
I'm currently perusing the sweet
situation and might actually even do a
video trying different sweets but we
have no idea any of these are
I'm in so many Snoopy's I think I died
and went to my 10-year old selves heaven
okay so we're in the big department
store inherit or you can call it laughs
for rats
I think and they have all this jewelry
made out of what looks like it's made
out of sweets and bread
this is so cool I call the shots oMG
train essentials bad news so this is the
main shopping street in heritage go at
night so cool I want to live in Tokyo
so for our first night in Tokyo we've
come out for at their launch dinner and
we're at a amazing amazing venue it's
actually a private house but this is
like the center courtyard I'm actually
on the roof right now looking down and
you can see it's all lit up it just
looks so beautiful and you can see the
Tokyo skyline Tokyo Tower so amazing
it's actually raining a little bit so
I'm going to go inside but I'll try and
show you a few clips from inside the
party and there's actually an art
exhibition downstairs as well
so I just got back from the Welcome
Party and it was amazing the sushi was
incredible and sushi chef that was
actually cooking some items the best in
Japan apparently I don't know if that's
true but if it is that is incredible I'm
actually running a bath now I thought I
would have a bath before bed because I
wanted to show you the bathroom in here
it is there's a traditional Japanese bar
so it's actually making quite a lot of
noise right now how cool is this I'm
very excited to get in there and get all
squeaky clean before bed so we've got an
early start tomorrow we're actually
heading to Kyoto and yes I'm just
packing up all of my stuff and trying to
divide sort of leave some luggage Hix
we're on the bullet train which I'm
really excited about so see you guys in
the morning
I'm gonna hop in the bar I cannot wait
good morning guys and welcome to my
second day in Japan as you can tell I'm
not quite ready yet but my breakfast is
rived and I wanted to share this with
you because it's my first ever time
eating traditional Japanese breakfast
and it is amazing looking I think it's
all savory I've got some salmon we've
got some soup fruit a mixture of it
looks like pickled vegetables which
looks delicious
some like omelette this is huge this is
like ridiculously huge we have tea I
think this may be rice in here yeah like
congee wowza this is gonna be an
experience in a half that is for sure
we're about to go on the bullet train
for the first time
so we've arrived in Kyoto it's actually
a chucking it down with rain I have a
very big umbrella right now but we're
heading into a temple to get lunch
apparently look how beautiful the trees
so we just had the most amazing bunch of
up front it would for some it still
shirking it down with rain it's actually
really beautiful and serene even though
it is really really heavy rain right now
and we just got the introduction to the
range that's coming out it's actually
not until April this is gonna go up in
April but like when I'm filming this it
seems a really long time away but super
super exciting and I'm gonna write a
blog post as well it goes up at the same
time in this video to tell you guys all
about everything but it's so interesting
learning about all of the teas and where
they come from and the link to Japan as
all which is why we're here so really
exciting and they all smell really good
it's one of those things like when
there's a whole range of fragrances it's
pretty rare that you like all of them
they're all amazing I think we are now
heading out for a little tour of Kyoto
so let's see what this is going to be
like in the rain so that's where we've
just been for lunch and we're heading
back out
I'm currently eating my first ever worn
it's a cuckoo and I'm trying to bounce
it and eat it with my own brother at the
same time but there it is just arrived
at my hotel room in Kyoto and I have
been given a traditional Japanese room
and I wanted to show it to you because
it's really different from yesterday and
it's just so incredible like I said
before I've been so obsessed with
Japanese culture in Japan ever since I
was young so it's just really amazing
and I wanted to show you did a little
room tour and show you this amazing room
so you basically come into the main room
and as you can see there is no bed so
apparently what they do is set up in a
kind of table setup and then you call
them and they come and set up a bed for
you to sleep in which is just I've never
like experienced anything like it it's
like a conference room set up right now
or like a traditional like sitting on
the floor meal table set up and then I
have the samples of the new fragrances
which are so good I actually already
talked to you too much about them
earlier but my favorite ones are the
midnight black tea and the oolong tea
they're so so good it's not really good
and then I've got a little note from the
Jo Malone team saying we hope you
enjoyed your whirlwind Kyoto tour please
take this time to wind down I look
forward to seeing you 8 p.m. for truly
traditional Japanese evening with one or
two magical ingredients that sounds very
exciting and there's a fan look how
beautiful this is
as you don't know what is in this I
think this is the case for the fan but
I'm not sure what this is should we have
a look it's wrapped up in Japanese rock
paper now what it is is it he oh three
pots using the same tea leaves it is tea
Japanese Sencha and then yeah there's
actually TV on the wall over and my
luggage in the corner looking very small
and then I wanted to complete the tour
there's we've got there like traditional
japanese blinds here then actually have
an outside space as well which i can go
out here I have some decking and some
outdoor sandals and then I have a little
garden which it's dark now but I'm
hoping in the morning this sort of
amazing it looks really cool up there
and then you go down here
and there's a tea set and a coffee
machine which seems very modern
considering the rest of the room and
then I presume a minibar in there and
then the bathroom is amazing it's
actually so so warm in here because
there's already a Japanese bathroom for
me and it's still really hot so I'm
gonna hop in this now I had such an
amazing bath in the Japanese bath last
night so I'm gonna hop in there and get
ready for dinner and then maybe call
them and ask them to make my bed it's
like I don't know where they're gonna do
it I'll try and film it so you guys can
see
so I just got back from the most
incredible dinner I'm just taking all of
my makeup off we actually got to watch a
Geisha performance as well which was
just awesome I hope you guys like seeing
a little bit of the footage from that
and I wanted to show you my bed before I
go to bed because it's pretty cool I
came back and there is a little bed set
up on the floor and I have my bottle of
water next to it and I'm going to sleep
I will see you all in the morning night
guys good morning guys so I'm just
checking out of my hotel room and I
wanted to show you what we couldn't see
last night which is this amazing it's
been such an awesome experience to wake
up in Kyoto today we're heading back to
Tokyo on the bullet train and we're
gonna try and see a few more at the
Tokyo sights this afternoon and I'm
super excited about it we've just found
this really yummy sweet shop and they're
making these which are so delicious I
just bought some for the kids to take
home and they have the cutest thing look
at these
mochi heaven so I've come to a
department store for this attack German
TV place to shop
kind of like Selfridges and I've got a
couple of thing I just went to the Lazar
a makeup Council which we don't have in
the UK so I got a little bit excited and
played a pose it's actually a lot
cheaper here and I've never tried it
before so I've got a little something
from there as well
Shinjuku at night is pretty epic and I
may have done a little bit too much
shopping let's see so we've come to an
area of Tokyo food Golden Valley which
has like I think it's like a couple of
hundred really really tiny but it will
have like six seats or five seats in
them and there's like rows and rows
these bars you can see in that it's tiny
and like each one is different has like
a different theme so cool where the
Shibuya crossing which is like one of
the most iconic things to see it's okay
like the Times Square Tokyo so cool and
the lights are about to change
I hope I think so this is where I'm
gonna finish my vlog from Japan and has
been such
credit moments is a pretty epic pleased
and thank you guys so much for watching
it makes me so much the one between my
Gemini bring him out here it's been a
ridiculously with experience and I
cannot wait to come back to your path
