good morning guys and welcome to a
special little vlog this is not actually
within a vlogging month but today Mike
and I are going to Crufts I'm so excited
I've never been to cross before as you
guys know we are dog mad so we're
heading to crops for the day as part of
a special project we're working on I'm
gonna tell you about that whilst we're
in the car because we have to go a
little bit late but there's one problem
with going to craft we have the most
monstrous dogs in the world
we're already allowed to take one dog
and let me tell you now the dog that
everyone wanted to go piglet wiglet but
why are you not going Pig cuz you're too
naughty and you will bark at all of the
other dogs so Little Miss teachers pest
over here squidge
she's like I'm off come on we're going
talk about the same and in case you're
wondering we're not taking tree call
because she is a little bit nervous I
think she'd be okay but I definitely
don't think she'd deal with it as well
as squidge who is very very sociable so
off we go to crafts you guys get treats
for staying and being good yes my mom's
coming to look after them in a bit on
our way we're heading into the berm you
many secrets where crust is held I've
never been before I'm so excited oh he's
watch
on the TV one of those immigrants so
squeege Oh is bumbled up in the back
somewhere squeak goody hello yeah she is
maybe do my love she knows something's
going on she doesn't know well now she's
going which has been excited all
mornings we gave her a shampoo and dried
her so she's a little soft and clean and
we put color on she knows that something
special is happening but she doesn't
know which is the teacher's pet or dogs
she just loves all the attention on her
she's so funny
but basically why are we going to come
for the first part man so we got asked
by Bayer to be part of the beloved one
on the way.i campaign which you guys
don't know what a long worm is I'll
explain a bit about it because if you
have dogs then you should know what it
is because it can be a real risk to
their health basically is a parasite
that is carried by slugs and snails and
if a dog kind of eats the cycle a snail
that is carrying the law of an egg at
this parasite they can get long worm or
even it can be transferred in puddles
wherever a snail or a slug has been
basically so it's really we're hopeful
to smell trails but it can be really
really bad for your dog's it even causes
death a lot of time so you have to be
really careful I don't know the kind of
science and symptoms and just be aware
of it if your dog's spend a lot of time
in areas where there are slugs the sales
especially some of the early symptoms as
well if your dog does get it a cough and
to be really lethargic so it's
definitely worth of you're a dog owner
to be wary of lungworm and protect your
dog's antler moment kind of like know
the risks it's something we've been
really
so conscious of since we lost worth you
guys have been watching for a long time
you'll remember she was our first dog
and we actually lost her three years ago
and we didn't lose her too long worm we
lost to something else which you guys
know about if we were watching for a
long time it was really sad and it you
know it was it was horrible together she
was only four and ever since then it has
made us so aware of kind of our dog's
health and making sure that our dogs are
protected from things that are
unnecessary kind of dangers for health
of like that so they do actually have an
interactive map we your postcode in and
it shows you if they've been any animals
that have had lonely manure airiness
even know if it is a high-risk area as
well so I'm going to public below so you
guys can go check that out but let's go
and see what we find a graph to see how
many cute dogs we can spot and I'm
hoping suppose behaves a setup that
doesn't do a big steaming pile of poo in
the middle of we have two bags but it's
still always a worry is it not
here we are squidge are you ready she
does not know where she is squid just
made her first friend in the park
outside so I'm hoping she's gonna be
good we've just arrived we're just being
a good girl she's got her water there's
also a tree inside it's amazing and
we're just gonna meet a couple of people
say hi take some pictures take some
doggie selfies hey and then we're gonna
go on an adventure
it we've just had an extra special guest
wicked is this his staff
trying to fix the snail look at the sign
guys it's not so much light Rico I would
even think it was Treecko
I feel like my new pictures of our dogs
and putting them on advert I think could
be happening right now we're in the
discovered dog section where they
basically have like every single kind of
breed of dog what how do you say that
Kucher Hanja squid you're the worst boom
dog here we're just walking the pink
carpet
we're in the spaniel section this Irish
Water Spaniel Sussex spaniels work Welsh
Springer Spaniels where's the English
Springer Spaniel I know
Welsh ones a really cute look hey guys
this is squinch getting all the
attention these guys are could muster
London's like a giant recurve but now
heading over to the dachshund area I can
see it there's a whole row of doctors
there's miniature wire wire miniature
smooth smooth miniature long-haired and
long-haired and I think Mike may well be
in here already
I'm in tax in heaven right now it's five
let's go I found
these guys a little wire heads miniature
dachshund they're currently looking for
new dog breads for you are we squinting
about these ugly ones yeah
something complete get it yeah I think
we've got a winner
we're just getting a little bit tempted
by the dog first and now this we meet
yeah yeah yes which yes PK and I thought
people it was a princess there's a long
way to go I'm not sure that's a piglet
someone is a little bit spoiled we're
coming away with two beds we're just so
excited so entropy in the world she was
literally jumping on them
someone's very happy with a new bed
someone's bed is taking up the whole boo
of the car are you happy girls cringe
did you have a good day you were so good
this bed looks so cozy good girls
bujji we're on our way home we had the
best afternoon across they definitely
want to go next year it's so fun and
squidge was so good did you have a good
time we're now on our way home to see
the other pooches and give them a quick
snuggle before I head off to London
tonight I'm going back to London because
I have the glamour beauty festival
tomorrow so exciting weekend so it looks
like this bed is going down a treat they
are all very excited about it is it's
mummy pig is it better than this
stickier one yes you can all sleep in
there as well it's ginormous no little
one we missed you at crafts we did you
would have barked the house down hello
hello we actually got them two beds so
we got that big one the back shows you
and we also got one to replace this
because this bed we've had for almost
three years and it's just really
disgusting like it's time doesn't look
too bad on camera but it's really gross
and dirty so we also got another one of
these like a flat one hello piggy wig
look at that guys it's not the perfect
fit but it looks pretty damn nosy to me
oh yes oh yeah so that's probably gonna
be it for the vlog today guys I'm
heading back to London now which is
exhausted as well I just busted her
snoozing upstairs on our best
haha cheeky little monkey but we had the
best time so master thank you to the
whole belonging I'm aware team for
inviting us along we had a really fun
day and I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog thank you so much as well to
everybody who stopped us when we were
there it was so nice to see you all and
meet lots of people especially so the
dogs we met some seriously cute little
dogs and yeah I hope you guys have a
great day
I'll be back logging on this channel
every day and April might try and make
another video before then for you guys
so watch this base on here but I have
some really exciting things planned
April I can't wait to share with you
guys I'll see you again soon and if you
want more update in between vlogs and
make sure you guys follow me on snapchat
see you soon guys bye
