morning guys so I'm just getting ready
to leave for London and there is a big
Chicago pile happening on the bed right
now Mike slept really badly last night
so he's still in bed because he's got my
cold but pigley here is just having mega
mega morning snuggles
are you not little one do you want to
come to London with me no she says no I
don't like Blunden your eyes looking a
little better today little one
Hey Hey and these guys screech he's
scratching your foot or your tail she's
like frozen what are you doing
you - you - treecko's up low and Mike Oh
guys the big snuggle monsters my makeup
is done and I thought it would show you
what I've got on my face today I've been
using the Too Faced peanut butter and
jelly palette and I don't know if it's
too orange what do you guys think really
orange it's quite peachy it's a lot more
peachy than I would normally go for this
is everything else that I've got on my
face today I'm just gonna show you the
colors in this so this if you haven't
seen it already as the two-faced peanut
butter palette and today I use spread
the love I used all three of these
actually all three of these and then
these two so you I kind of like mix
these all together on the lid put that
on the inner that on the middle and on
the end but they kind of all blend
together but I just don't know if it's
slightly too orange for me but I do like
it smells amazing I think if you had
blue eyes or if you are a little bit
more into your warm tones it would be
amazing but I kind of wanted to like it
a bit more than I did I think I'm not
sure anyway let me know what you guys
think you can see my makeup today for
highlight I've got on this Burberry
number which is gorgeous this is from
their new spring collection first time
I've use it today actually and then I
used my L'Oreal True Match highlighting
concealer my Rimmel wake me up mascara
which I'm kind of on the fence about
I've been trying this out it's one of
those things that I've been using
because I'm trying to use it up but I'm
not like mad on it and then my stealer
aqua glow foundation which I tried
a couple of times before and I haven't
been that into it but today I think it
looks quite nice I'm quite I'm quite
liking it today and then I've got my YSL
rouge volupte shine this is the new
formula and this is number 44 I don't
know the exact name of it it's like the
baiji pinky one and then I have smudged
some Road Isle eyeliner along my lash
line and I've used this color blush
which is from Lazar a actually picked
this up when I was in Japan in December
and it came in this set of three but I
think it's that the color is bass it's
kind of a peachy tone I thought it would
be a good one to go with the orange
eyeshadow so that's what I've got on my
face today a rest of my thoughts that go
dressing-table is a total mess because
I've just been trying and testing things
and whatever and then I haven't done
anything to my hair I curled it
yesterday and then I've just kind of
like brushed it and messed up I quite
like it and yes that's what was
happening I've also been watching my
friend Sami from Beauty quashes new room
tour and getting mega room envy about
how tidy hurry
I can't wait we're gonna get there soon
I think the cabinet lady is coming today
to paint these bad boys so after that's
done pretty much the only thing in here
left to do is get the carpet down and
then we can put the proper bedding
because that moment there's no headboard
because we're waiting for carpets go
dance it's less stuff to move and then
we're pretty much there I'm so excited
it's already so much better like filming
in here compared to what it used to be
like when I would film in here which is
so like Gradius behind me and every time
like now I'm filming I just can't stop
staring at they like clean grey walls
and loving it my mum is on her way over
now actually should be here any minute
what's time yeah 852 and we're meant to
be leaving at 9 so I'm gonna go and get
a little snack for breakfast because I
am hungry so I thought it would do a
really quick outfit the day before I go
and I'm basically wearing 50 shades of
grey today uh-huh
my scarf is from Zara this is from my
most recent haul and then I've got on my
All Saints leather jacket which I love
because it has loads
detailing on it it's just really really
cool I love the way it fits as well then
I've got my Aspen all lossy silver bag
which is really practical because I've
got loads of luggage to take with me on
the train so I can just wear it
crossbody they then have my Topshop like
jumper shirt combo and my Zara jeans and
my jock foods which have yet to see the
light of day this winter it's the first
time I've worn them I wore them to death
last year but it's actually really cold
and because I don't have a big coat on I
wanted to wear a big scarf and some big
boots so that is it right now time to
occasional what do we have in the fridge
today and I think there's much breakfast
stuff actually a lot of water
celery beer sample agree no spinach we
have apples I think I might just have an
apple for the moment I could have some
eggs but I don't know what time it's
really nine o'clock I'm gonna grab an
apple and then get something at the
station we made it to London we're now
in attack me and my mama is here and
also on a side note can we do an outfit
of the day with your outfit later my
mum's looking so stylish today
unbelievable we currently do it in a
taxi she arrived I was like mum you look
cooler than me what is this what's going
on
we've got coffees one was like I can't
wait for a coffee we have to get one
before we go to the flat and we've got
some snacks in this bag as well because
I didn't end up getting one at the
station because we were later than we
had expected so we didn't have time to
get any more food and I got a little
macaroon to snack on so it's gonna be
the first time mum seeing the flats it's
been done up are you excited I can't
wait and yeah I actually have bed sheets
this time because last time we went the
one thing I forgot was bed sheets I
remembered everything else so I had to
sleep with head pillowcases thank
goodness I had filler cases but I didn't
have a duvet cover a sheet so I had to
sleep in the bed with no bed sheets
which isn't a lot very nice
so I have got bed sheets and shampoo and
conditioner was the other thing that I
forgot
so ridiculous for me the queen of all
products you know I have so many
products at my house at home that I
forgot shampoo ammunition for there we
go
excited shout to Mum it's a beautiful
day in London we're having a nice girly
day out we've got to the flat and it's
got the mum seal of approval I'm happy
to say it's a big risk when was the
first thing you get but I want to show
you her outfit of the day because like I
was saying she looks super stylish are
you ready mums talk us through what
you're wearing stand here because the
lights a bit funny there what are you
wearing today jakey start your scarf
McQueen yeah very very nice and then
your coat okay
it's a cardigan big oversized cardigan
very nice beautiful check yep
Zara yeah leggings are great very nice
where are they are they g ox no I
thought you got on the same time as my
name I can't work covilh√£
Carmela very nice as bag I don't know
you bought it I bought this for mom for
Christmas it's Proenza Schouler it's
like a wallet on chain I'm very jealous
I wanted to keep it and look she looks
super cool coolest mom in the world
shall we go shall we go for a mosey
around the shops yeah yeah we're off to
look at how stuff because there's still
a few things in the flat that need
little touch-ups mum's obsessed with
this throw that I got this for Christmas
from Mike and it was folded up on just
one side and I was like you need to see
all of it it's so cool what I do need on
here awesome I love that to us from made
calm I need some throw pillows I think
cushions because it's looking a little
sparse
apart from my jacket yeah let's roll so
I'm currently introducing mom to
tonkotsu ramen she's loving it
she got the tonkotsu I got the miso and
mushroom and there's a little mini park
outside that's just my mind until the
Union Jack on the roof and everything
looks so cute my mum is a terrible
influence and she may have just talked
me into buying a small thing for the
flats
we've got a giant pink armchair that
we're now carrying down the road and
everyone is looking at us like we're
crazy
this benefit through the door mum on the
plus side I love it
look what got in the flat yes nice work
mum I love it we've ventured out again
this time to TK Maxx and we are in the
one on High Street kakoton which is
mom's personal favorite we haven't
actually found anything today it's
literally the best TK Maxx because they
have like the gold label stuff which is
like the super designer stuff says fun
for a rummage but haven't found anything
we're gonna head to Whole Foods now and
pick up some things for dinner cause
cows actually coming over at 8:00 we're
gonna have kind of nibbles and champagne
well Prosecco instead of going after
that so that is what we're doing I also
wanted to pop in H&M home because when I
went the other day they had some really
good stuff that I wanted to get but I
couldn't carry it because it was quite
big so popping in there I've just
spotted these in Urban Outfitters and I
want one I don't know if they would go
on my tiny MacBook there do any of you
guys know says fits all MacBook Pro
MacBook Air would it fit my MacBook the
super slim ones anyone know as mom's
first experience in a cello home and I'm
worried I hope she likes it I need some
of these for a secret mission that I'm
doing that's cute that's what we see
it's a good start it did find a couple
of things in hmmm I'm going to show you
guys this later when I get home we're
now in M and s mum is on the phone to my
dad
and we're on the hunt for a map
for the pullout there because the Imam
got out earlier and it was not very
comfortable so we're gonna get a
mattress topper if they have one in here
think they should it's not the biggest
eminence in the world or it's like no
M&S beauty section oh the boring M&S
mission of a mattress cover is
accomplished we found one the last one
in the shop we're now heading to Whole
Foods my favorite place in the world to
get some dinner we're going downstairs
this is the first time I've ever done
this I'm quite scared to be honest yeah
you need to like quick don't run away my
shopping here it comes it's actually
slower than the escalator that makes
sense
does it just roll now check that out
convenient we've just got back you can
make it nice change my jumper just let's
start filming another site I wanted to
do a whole food haul some of this has
person might some of it is for my stocks
in the cupboard but everything is
amazingly exciting because I just love
Whole Foods it's like I'd rather go to
Whole Foods and have an adventure in
there than most other things I love it
so the first thing I got were these snap
pea rice sticks in smoked salt and
Szechuan pepper flavor but quite a lot
of crisps and stuff because we've got
lots of dips listen I got Luke's organic
brown rice chips with Himalayan pink sea
salt
how exciting does that sound then we
also got pop chips which I like anyway
but sea salt garlic and rosemary flavor
sound yummy
we got a French stick
we got some fig crackers for the baked
camembert which is also here in a baker
camembert looks delicious we've got a
piece of whole foods own for capture
which looks like that
it's got mozzarella and tomato and basil
on it it looks delicious we've got a
massive bowl whoa that's heavy of
watermelon which looks really good we
got these things which are for my
cupboard because they are the best thing
ever to snack on and I often don't have
any food here so they're good just to
have as if you need like a little snack
you hungry
there chilli giant corn like fried corn
so yummy I've got some olives I've got
some marinated anchovies this is so
ridiculous we've got a chia pudding this
is probably gonna be for later in the
week when mum's not here because mum was
like what is that it looks disgusting
and then some terrible salata some salsa
mind like that all fancy things down
here oh I forgot about this prawns so
guacamole we went a little bit of
overkill here and some Perry Perry king
prawns snacked tastic just finished
having my hair done what do you guys
think do you like it it's not actually
been blow-dried or anything we just
rough fried it because I have a shoot at
9 a.m. tomorrow with Gareth who's gonna
be doing my hair so he was like there's
no point in a little you know debate I'm
in my pajamas as I'm doing my hair so
yeah that's gonna be it for fair blog
guys thank you for joining are we back
in April don't daily vlogs but hopefully
I'll have a couple of different videos
up for you during March and if not don't
forget to follow me on snapchat because
when I'm not daily vlogging I tend to do
a lot of snapchat and then when I'm
daily vlogging snapchat goes out the
window because it's kind of like all the
same updates really so that's gonna be
up tonight I hope you guys had an
amazing day thank you for coming with me
on this adventure this month and I'll
see you very soon bye guys
actually Sunday today I have a vlog the
past few days I've not been very well
and I have we been doing things fighting
and I felt like rubbish so I thought I'm
not
