good morning guys it's actually Sunday
today I haven't flogged the past two
days because I've not been very well and
I haven't we been doing an exciting and
I felt like rubbish so I thought I'm not
good luck today Sunday and I I'm just
gonna race film video I've got my outfit
on
it's this little river island
embellished collar with this black
t-shirt with leather shoulders or arms
even shoulders and arms I guess but I
haven't won this in ages actually and
then I've just got on my Topshop gray
jeans and my UGG slippers because who
likes getting cold feet
not many people so I am gonna do my
makeup and do my hair and then Gary to
film I'm filming a haul video of stuff I
bought this week just exciting I feel
rubbish still I look rubbish still
hopefully we can sort that out with a
little bit of makeup cover up the old
red nose but yeah that's what's
happening these guys piglets
you were right there madam what's she
doing what's that you've got there
nothing that's a plastic bottle isn't it
I know where that came from that came
from inside of a toy which is meant to
be good because it's got no stuffing but
all they do instead is get the plastic
bottle out get the plastic water out you
like the plastic bottle de la bouche
look at you you're so cute fluffy she
also just stole this off treacle so
treacle is here sulking
are you not true V there's another toy
right there yes yes yes and these two
what are you up to
working on a Sunday morning my makeup is
done for filming here is a little look
at what I have on my face such a mixture
of crazy things but this stuff the nude
your forever foundation it's been out
for a while they've just nearly dropped
my camera
they've just reformulated it and it's
really really good I'm wearing that and
I'm also wearing the Too Faced peanut
butter and jelly palette for the first
time and I'm
and it's a bit different I'm gonna do a
review on in a video soon and that's
pretty much it for exciting things I
think well actually this is quite
exciting and it's first time I've used
it's the Kevin or Kwan creamy glow sets
so it's the cream contour and highlight
I love the power to highlight than they
do so I was excited to try that I love
packaging too because it's so dinky and
just pretty and just I don't like it
Mike is currently also shopping up some
breakfast so have you got going on
mushrooms and sausage giant mushrooms
sausage bacon that looks like good bacon
and some toast
there he goes jack is also here
obviously because it's a Sunday oh my
god what's going on first time ever
Jack's not cooking right I'm gonna film
my video then we're gonna eat some
wrecker I've also got some mango green
tea because it's a good Sunday drink and
I'm not gonna lie it's a crazy mess on
the table right now I'm gonna tidy this
up that's the next plan after filming
breakfast is ready
this looks very tasty guys nice eggs
Mike are they for me can I have extra
eggs eggs and mushrooms for me and the
essential ingredients the hot sauce so I
have to say it's pretty much perfect
timing I finished filming just as Mike
was placing this up still got to do the
try on element of the try on holes
because it's going to be a trial hole
which it's kind of like the norm now the
holes I feel like it's just a better way
to do it because you get to see the
clothes and people love it so I'm gonna
do the trial an element afterwards I
think I might need Mike's help for it
because I always try and film I always
try and film trying stuff on when I'm on
my own
Mike's it work and I'm filming just ends
up looking so rubbish you can't show the
details so I'm gonna recruit him look at
him and his camera skills the pro camera
man himself excuse me
what is on your toast butter and who
puts hot sauce on their toast you are a
strange child you've got issues
hot sauce problem issues I'm just having
some coffee whilst editing my new video
sneak peek this will be up by the time
you guys see this video anyway but um
Mike just alerted me to this very
hilarious fact piglet well Mike's been
practicing his golf in a sitting room
piglet has discovered golf balls for the
first time she just came posturing in
here literally versus waddling is that a
pinkie sized ball look at her she's like
yes finally a ball it fits in my mouth
naughty pig I need to clean her eye
again do you need to bathe attacking
your job now I'm so pretty
let's play bathe your eye piggy-wiggy so
water on to boil I've dissolved a little
bit of salt into this and then waited
for it to cool down so it's not too hot
on her to lie and then I'm using some
tissue paper because we're out of cotton
pads you ready for this little pink wig
Oh actually pretty good
oh yeah spot my new video is uploading
and I am gonna head out with my grandma
I'm gonna pick my grandma up and we're
going to HomeSense to have a little look
for a few home things for the flat and
also for here because obviously we're
still renovating upstairs there's a lot
of things we need and I'm leaving these
two watching fast and furious 7 yeah
Tokyo Drift they mention Tokyo are they
in Tokyo though now they're back from
Tokyo is Tokyo Drift number five or six
there's too many I can never remember
can you two this is a proper lazy Sunday
going on right now I thought it would do
a really quick outfit today before I go
as well my room is messy so please
ignore that still trying to sort
everything out after the shoot the other
day I'm wearing boys are a parker which
I haven't actually worn in ages because
I got this on my honeymoon actually so
like two and a half years ago and then
after I bought it I bought it in August
it was like before anyone needed a coat
and then everybody bought it and I wore
it for a year and then kind of stopped
wearing it because everyone was very the
same thing I'm wearing my new cricket
jumper from Topshop which is in my home
video which is going up later today and
then I have all of my Topshop jeans
which are I don't remember which ones
these are I got them last summer they're
just like the gray ones and then why
forever 21 buckle boots tada
that is it I am off to HomeSense OMG my
office is a mess so we're doing pretty
well in HomeSense I have to say I saw
this don't even know what I'm going to
use it for but it's meant to be it's got
my name on it put some towels sneak peek
at some bedside table lamps and this
supercool terrarium I'm gonna put some
succulents
and yeah channel being my blog by me
this is my grandma
say hi doing a little bit of shopping
and yeah I think a little bit I think
we're pretty much done for home cents
maybe have a little pop in next door at
Laura Ashley as well
we're now in BHS and we're looking at
lamps I am currently quite liking this
one for our bedside tables but I've also
seen some other ones for the spare room
these ones that should be quite liked as
well which I think would go really well
with the deckle or these little ones
what do you guys reckon got home I've
uploaded my new video which I'm actually
really happy with and the feedback so
far has been good so I'm happy I managed
to make a video that looks vaguely
decent even though I feel like poo today
I'm so good jested I feel awful but we
are now on a way of his Bub's for Sunday
roast I think she's gonna be roast lamb
should be tasty looking at epic sunset
guys it might even be worth a window
opening something crazy the fire is
quite literally roaring so hot are you
cold there far away from the mums cook
for about 5000 people today how many of
us are there seven eight this money
10:8 I'm a student I'm currently running
myself a nice relaxing Sunday night bar
and as a special treat I'm using a
little bit of my Jo Malone red roses
bath oil because I never use this and
because I never use it and it sat in the
window it actually used to be pink and
it's then kind of leached out with the
Sun and I was kind of like you know what
I need to start really using this so my
bath smells amazing and rosy and I'm
very excited to get in it this may be a
strange thing to do in the bathroom I'm
going to show you my skin treats for the
evening I'm gonna be cleansing my skin
you
this which is the voter II cleansing oil
I'm gonna do a double cleanse because
I've got quite a lot of makeup on I was
filming earlier then I'm gonna use the
Kiehl's rare-earth deep pore cleansing
mask I haven't used this before so I
will let you guys know how I get on with
it then I'm gonna use the pixie glow
tonic which you can tell I've use a
little bit of this this is quite a new
purchase in the last few weeks and I've
been liking it and then I'm gonna use my
favorite Luna oil which I've used loads
I'm gonna see how much I've got left as
you can see I feel like I've used this
for a good three months now and it's
still like forty three-quarters full
it's good stuff at last ages and I'm
currently reading through comments on my
new video I've just got out of the bath
my skin is feeling amazing and I've just
started watching the People vs OJ
Simpson which is recommended to me by
loads and loads of people if you haven't
heard about it already
you guys probably have because I think
it's like massive right now it's
basically from the same producers as
American Horror Story it's called
American crime story it's kind of gonna
be a similar thing like each season they
go through a different like real life
crime and the first one is OSHA sins and
that's really interesting so far I'm
like 35 minutes into the first episode I
am packing for London right now as well
because I'm heading down first thing in
the morning with my mum I'm getting my
hair done tomorrow to go shoot on
Tuesday which I'll tell you more about
on Tuesday actually it's the last day of
the month tomorrow tomorrow is the last
day for her blog yeah so anyway the
shoot on Tuesday even though I might not
be vlogging it it's actually for either
so there's some exciting stuff coming up
at either at I think they'll be like
summertime so it's quite a long way off
at the moment but it's exciting stuff
coming up so I have a shoot photo shoot
with them on Tuesday and my hair is like
a bit of a mess at home the color is
kind of all over the place
standard snuggle pile going on right
here Mike's watching the jump I haven't
seen any of this this year have you been
watching it
basically the pills she's back well she
know the hell Rayden whoa I haven't seen
any of this this year I loved it last
year
tonight I'm trying this because it has
the best name ever
it's called snore and peace it is lemon
balm chamomile and lavender so it's a
good night time TM and how that might
having standard team in the major bad
works with Mike because someone's
feeling sniffily I have a sore throat
I have a blot on those I'm spraying this
crap I'm sorry you'll feel worse
tomorrow on another note we hung this on
the wall which this is fine distract I
got this my bath baby means and it was
in London for a while we've only just
hung it up and I love it so much it's
from my friends it's cool isn't it
I'm just getting into bed now I finished
off the first two episodes of OJ Simpson
and I'm really liking actually it's
interesting I love like true crime
stuffings quite like I don't know it's
good watching anyway good entertainment
for a Sunday night I will see you bright
and early in the morning heading to
London sorry today is probably been a
bit boring really because it's just been
a pretty lazy Sunday but tomorrow there
are more exciting things in store and
I'm finally getting my bonnet sorted so
I'll see you then have a lovely evening
and thanks for watching good morning
guys and welcome back so today
I am a little bit late I think that was
like how about one second
tonight
