good morning guys and welcome back so
today I am a little bit late I think
that's I pull my cab outside in one
second hello okay I'm just coming thank
you
there we go my taxi is outside I have a
meeting I have a day full of meetings if
you tell them a bit flustered can't you
have a day full of meetings today which
actually had quite a quiet day can't
planned because I had a couple of
cancellations and I only off-chance
mentioned two like three people like oh
yeah actually I'm free tomorrow if
you're around and everyone said yes so
now I have one two three four three
meetings no for me things an event and
I'm seeing Becky and let's do it guys
it's gonna be crazy I just got my first
meeting of the day which was with the
lovely girls from Whitehall and I'm now
on my way to a sauce for a fitting and
I'm slightly out of breath cuz I'm
walking really fast partly because I'm
just on time I'm not like just some time
but also because to be honest I just
crossing the road try not to get run
over I forgot my coat I left it in the
house like you said yesterday in my vlog
and I'm really cold so I'm hoping I'd
rather freeze to death today by the time
I get home it's gonna be super cold it's
not very warm right now in London let me
tell you that I just thought I'm a
meeting with a sauce and it actually was
a little bit shorter than I thought
so and now on my way to ultimately
getting run over again - hmm home to get
some storage stuff for the bathroom
because at the moment there is just
stuff
everywhere in the flat and it's really
manic so that is what's happening
walking out Vox the street still cold
and I think I'm getting a little bit of
coal which you know we can like feel a
sniffle coming on just a little bit of a
sniffle you feel it it's there I didn't
actually find anything you buy an H&M
home ended up making a list of what
solder on lining because a lot of stuff
I found was too big to like carry around
with me all day but it was successful
actually also ended up bumping into one
of my friends in there really bizarrely
and going for coffee so that was awesome
I'm now on my way to the Apple store to
fix this because it's just not I can't
even like read emails properly it's that
bad that is what's happening I'm hoping
they're gonna give me or replace the
same day focuses all over the shop
replaced at the same day or give me a
new one because at the moment it's just
if I have to leave it I'm gonna have to
come back to London at the weekend and
it's just gonna be a nightmare so
fingers crossed they can go the same day
and I'm not gonna drop it this time
promise so I managed to drop my phone
off it's a little bit longer than
expected so now late for the event I'm
going to
but I got it done and they're fixing it
today to be between two and four hours
they say so I feel like naked without my
phone like right I don't really know how
to function help my well what do people
do before phones they don't know where
they're going that's why I won't know
how to map and eh-2-zed that's what they
did in London right I'm asked to a
molten Brown event now a little bit
because I'm rushing but hopefully I'll
make it just in time Becky's gonna be
there as well trying another Becky's
gonna be there as well and it was her
birthday this week so we're gonna have
birthday drinks I'm very excited so I'm
now what round with this one very very
long time but we're currently making a
flower crown I'm not gonna lie I'm
pretty good at this is my one that's
coming along nicely too much chat so I'm
gonna drink the coffee as well because I
don't need another coffee but you know
more caffeine the better today we're now
we're wedding ready
extra big ones over services don't you
want to notice my drain interpreted use
that once a was in this summer you could
be attracting the bees know what being
here let's go walk around Soho like this
now with my team can't tell about my red
nose and cold our venture debt repayment
on there I've actually taken off
we managed to work out a train stops at
both of my socks
want to be fat you normally Drive yeah
always
you know we'd ride I was on my way to go
max
you could get off at my stop and I'm
dead anyways me and Mike and then get
back on the train but we did have some
macaroons
what is the other way around
no come on because mandarins was right
we don't have I got it the wrong way
around it's one of those ways one of
them's like a tasty cake yeah they're
like almost the Madeleine they get like
coconuts
we're in cz I look at this lighting is
terrible and I know there's easy dinner
on the way Mike's got a seafood risotto
just because we didn't have enough
seafood risotto Italian food in Venice
we just had to go through more try order
to start is open today I'm gonna be able
to survive without naming offended he
was bragging about it like the day
before you so I got two starters today I
got the suit which I think it says new
for them I didn't realize it came with
this bread with cheese on so I actually
already also ordered bruschetta so I've
got quite a lot of snacks going on but
I'm loving it so I've just been filming
for like three minutes on me and pigment
and upstairs and what I've managed to
realize I wasn't filming I'm delirious
and I feel like Kiku I just got home and
I thought it will give you a bit of a
house update because you guys been
apparently according to comments loving
the house update so we're gonna start in
this battery which there has been a
couple of new additions this week first
one the wall is plastic that's your time
yes - lets go away from class right this
is being tiled tomorrow so the
dehumidifier is peeing on it'll be left
on all right and we've got the new floor
down which he's got cardboard fundraiser
so this is the new wooden floor I was a
little bit worried that was a bit dark
however it's kind of growing on me it's
quite great so that's down and then Mike
has been in here today my new jigsaw
I've made it so Mike I mean this eye
looks massive in here yeah you know what
I think that bears no leaks we normally
have this like single four-post bed that
I had when I was a kid I think that bed
like takes up so much space because you
could have like a double bed in here
then obviously originally was a double
bed here because that where the plugs
are and I think that's been put in which
we should really take it out was really
good useful storage so anyway there we
go yeah so basically the story behind
this there was a carpet laid on top of a
carpet it was glued and the bottom
carpet was glued down yeah and you've
spent all day looking up right it's like
right this is like typical 70s bodge job
that happened in this house so this is
like glue oh my god it's sticky yeah
that's like worse than a dodgy club
party the bathroom toilet so Mike's
gonna top the flyboard and then it's
getting carpeted week after next
exciting exciting and then I want to
show you in the other bathroom because
that's how middle edition - we've also
got a little bit of an obstacle course
because this is the bed from the other
room there's all in there so we're gonna
go round here and into the mains their
room which the new plugs are on ready to
go these are the plugs we're gonna put
it throughout the whole house when we
get to doing it there's the bathroom
suites sitting over there ready to be
installed and the bathroom I can't know
if I showed you guys a new floor I think
I did this is the floor this is the
travertine floor and he's now also tiled
the wall for the bath so this I'm really
really happy with this actually looks
quite dark on camera looks like in real
life I'm really happy with this I think
it looks really clean and fresh and it
also makes the room look bigger as well
so this is being clubbed in and
decorated was being decorated next week
as well so we're getting there
we're getting there and then the
Wardrobe doors so these ones a lot of
people asked about this as well
they're like it doesn't look like you it
looks like your wardrobe doors need an
extra coat of paint that's because none
of the wardrobe doors either in here or
in our room have been painted yet this
is like a primer so what's happening is
all of this including like the top and
everything is going the same color as
the walls so it's all just gonna be very
very neutral and kind of blend backwards
and in then just look like panels so
that's gonna be it for today guys I'm
gonna go and cuddle my puppies and open
my post and I'll see you in the morning
no night good morning guys welcome
today we're back in the band we're on
our way to the shoot got wet hair no
makeup ready to roll we're rolling in
style the shoot today is in is it
