hey guys and welcome to my 13 week and
14 week pregnancy update vlog or
pregnancy chat as I've been calling them
and I'm sitting here tonight in the room
that will be their nursery and as you
guys can see well I'm sitting on a giant
pile of cushions and there's just mess
everywhere basically I know if I'm
really really early to start kind of
even really thinking about the nursery
or whatever but since I started making
these videos I've been so lucky to be
sent lots and lots of things and I
really like to keep organized I didn't
want to just put them in this room and
it to be kind of piles and piles of bits
and bobs so I've been kind of organizing
and prepping to be able to get really
good storage in here so as you can see
behind me I've made a trip to Ikea
getting very organized so previously in
these covers in this room here as these
one two three covers there's a sink in
that one
there's shelves in this one and then
there's hanging space in that one that
one is currently full of Mike's old
clothes it also used to have the
dressing up stuff in case you're
wondering what this weird wedding
dresses as well by the way guys that was
actually from my hen do I had a gypsy
wedding theme 10 do and that was my
outfit so yeah we basically kept like
dressing up stuff in there we're going
to move it and find another home for it
but at the moment I'm in the process of
kind of sorting out how we're going to
store everything and kind of organizing
it but it's yes we are very much working
progress and we're not going to like
properly finish the nursery or whatever
until when we see much later I also go
to phases with stuff like this week I've
been really excited with clothes and
like equipment and stuff because it's
the first or this past two weeks it's
been the first time I've actually like
let myself buy anything or be excited
and I've also stopped feeling sick so I
felt really really sick in between weeks
12 weeks eight and weeks twelve no yes
so only really a month of like bad
I'm probably week seven to week 12
actually and then last week one day I
just woke up and I felt amazing and the
tiredness had gone I literally woke up
and burned I was like ah I'm back so
yeah I've been doing so much stuff and
just I just got my energy back and it
feels so so good I've had a few queasy
moments over the past two days so I
don't want to like tempt fate by saying
it's totally gone but at the moment I
feel so so much better so I've been
really kind of piglets barking I think
Lucy's here and we're actually leaving
for holiday at 4:30 in the morning so
she's coming over to stay tonight
so yeah I have basically had all my
energy back and I've been wanting to
kind of do stuff and organize things the
first time so new things that we have I
actually have a changing table right
here that I've just made Mike build
which I know is ridiculously early but
like I said I want to get everything
kind of organized in the cupboards and
this changing tables from Ikea one is
the cheapest one they do at 25 pounds
but it's really small and it fits
hopefully I measured the dimensions I
haven't actually tested out here because
there's still stuff in the cupboard but
it's going to hopefully fit inside I'll
show you inside the cupboard who it's
hopefully going to fit actually inside
here so you can see here's all of my
kind of old clothes so hoping they fit
inside here so you open the door I'm
going to have like a changing station
there these hangers are actually going
to move to the next door cupboard and
there's going to be like a mobile and
stuff in there and there's more storage
at the top and then yes that's going in
there and then obviously in this one
there are shelves and what I want to do
is actually take this top shelf off put
two rails in for hanging clothes and
then this is all going to be for kind of
folded clothes and as you can see
there's a few things in there already if
you guys watch my first maternity haul
which by now will be like weeks and
weeks ago few bits and bobs in there I
also got sent this how cute is this
little storage container from my first
year they personalize everything they
actually sent some stuff for my little
niece willow and she was born it's so
cute they sent me that then I've also
got a few blankets as this blanket was a
gift from my
management team it's from is in knowing
Zoe something it's a German brand no way
and very I don't know so cute anyway and
then I've got a little gray blanket
there and then this blanket is also
another one that my first year sent over
which is like really really lovely kind
of knitted and it's got maybe the force
of it as well which is so hilarious and
I didn't intend for there to be like a
hash tag or anything for the baby
divorce thing but you guys seem to have
made it a thing and there's also this
which is a little bit of a jokey present
from my friend's mom so far me like me
on think this is going to be so funny I
can't wait to get a picture of her with
Mike in his neon running gear with these
on so we so funny and then there's just
a little cashmere bit from the white
company that NX I'm going to divide them
up into eight groups is like newborn
naught 3 3 to 6 so I don't know we'll
see how much stuff I get by the end of
it but that's my idea at the moment
obviously judging where the rest of this
room right now we've got a long way to
go and I might gonna show you the sink
as well all strata so there's a little
sink in this cupboard which is pretty
old-fashioned our house is quite old so
things that I actually come in really
handy the one thing we wanted to tile
this floor though because at the moment
it's just like bored so yeah that is
everything in there and then yes what
the little changing table oh and I've
also been sent loads of bits involved
from Palmer's and from the later so I've
got like boss and daughter I don't know
if it's staying in this container this
was just a container I picked up in Ikea
yesterday but I've been like dividing up
the products into type of products so
that I can then work out a later date
what I want to use like I say I want to
keep organized as stuff comes in because
being a blogger I'm really lucky and I
get sent lots of bits involved so
especially when it comes to like Beauty
stuff so I want to make sure I keep
organized got like baby like oils and
body butter stuff nappy creams
little oil ins for like dry skin and
stuff baby oils
like baby bars in there so yeah that is
where I'm at with all of my stuff I've
actually got I've been so so lucky lots
of companies have got in touch with me
and asked if I would like to try out any
of their stuff so I've actually looked
quite a lot of the kind of like
equipment stuff coming soon and lots of
maternity gear as well so if you guys
want me to do more holes let me know and
I'll probably do those but yeah it's
kind of difficult knowing because also
you get so many recommendations like I
couldn't believe how many
recommendations you guys left on my
first maternity haul there were like
1300 comments and most of them were
recommendations of like buggies and cops
and things like that
so making my way through all of the
comments and also like reading reviews
and everything so I think really listen
so national shelf as well there but yeah
I mean the dogs right now okay so let's
let's see with my and I shut the door in
the hope that the dog is not so noisy
but I'm pretty sure you can still hear
her but yeah apart from that these past
two weeks has been awesome I already
told you how I feel but in terms of
telling everybody it was just the best
thing ever like we thought to tell all
of our family all of our family new
below so all of our friends and our
extended family and the reactions was
what the Iraq reaction from everybody
was just amazing and just so lovely and
then we put up the announcement on
YouTube and that was like a whole nother
level of amazing but I just can't
believe how awesome you guys were and I
just yeah I was just so so touched by
all the comments and everything and it's
just it's non-stop like they're still
coming in now almost a week later so
it's so amazing and I'm really excited
to kind of share this journey with you
guys and I'm obviously still a bit
worried like that worried I've been
editing like the first few like
pregnancy chat vlogs this week and I'm
still worried like that worry is still
there that something might happen
especially when I'm doing stuff like
sorting the nursery out and I said to my
mother it's always when mom's day
because I was like you know
is it too early to be doing all the
stuff like I feel a bit crazy because
you know a lot of my friends do it in
their like seventh or eighth months but
my mom just said you know like if it's
what you want to do is making you happy
she was like the chances are nothing bad
will happen and you know your baby will
be perfect and healthy and you might as
well just enjoy this time not slow down
on it because these past couple of weeks
have been just so much fun and I feel so
good it's just like the best feeling
ever I'm in my maternity jeans not when
or Woodhams but apart from that I'm
quite loving it I had my like a second
checkup kind of weigh in at 12 weeks and
I haven't put on any weight in between
eight weeks and twelve weeks so that's
kind of a good thing like which I was
happy about because I put on quite a few
pounds in the first eight weeks and he
had probably put one of us five or seven
pounds I didn't know if I didn't weighed
myself before were out for a really long
time so I didn't know exactly how much I
had put on but um I was quite happy
about that I feel like I've got bigger
in the tummy but not anywhere else in
this past month for the first couple of
months I feel like when I rap it
expansion of the thighs especially but
yeah so yeah now I'm just feeling happy
and feeling good everybody says this is
like the honeymoon phase of being
pregnant and then it gets awful again in
the third trimester but until then I'm
just going to enjoy it
like I said we're off on holiday super
early in the morning so really not
looking forward to not being able to you
have more than like wandering on holiday
because normally we have lots of wine
but it's going to be worth it and yes
I'll see you guys in my next update bye
