good morning guys welcome today we're
back in the van we're on our way to the
shoot got wet hair no makeup ready to
roll we're rolling in style and the
shoot today is in is it Tulse Hill
anyway we're quite far away quite a long
way to go but it's a beautiful day in
London the Sun is out it's gonna be a
good day if a bit manic so I've arrived
in the house and I want to see like a
house tour of not my house but of the
shoot and show you behind the scenes
what is going on we've done like three
or four shots already so we're on a roll
so when you come in front door this is
hallway it's got awesome floor and
there's just stuff everywhere as well
because everyone has just come in and
been like we're in a mega hurry then in
here is a little bit of a sneak peek at
the styling room so I've got my suitcase
of stuff here as well as long along with
all of the stylist stuff and we're just
kind of picking out outfits and there's
some really awesome things we've got all
the jewelry it's like my jewelry mix
with all of the other jewellery and
there's just so much amazingness in here
I I die and then in here is the kitchen
where we have some music on so I'm gonna
have to like talk a bit louder but look
how cool this kitchen is and there's tea
cups these are actually mine from home
and I brought with me and then the
garden out here which I think we're
gonna be doing some shooting out here a
bit later on hopefully and yeah it's
just so cooling it's actually like being
in a magazine shoot there's a little bit
of afternoon tea making going on right
now cucumber sandwiches I love it Gareth
is here who just got back from India so
jealous and then if I can squeeze past
year this is where we've just been
shooting this is everyone else on the
shoot we say hi to my vlog everybody
discussing very serious things about
shooting and whatnot this is my like my
living room setup which isn't actually
my living room spoiler guys but I want
to live here got some beautiful flowers
today there's me and Mike perfect yeah
got some bug on there see and then I'm
gonna take you upstairs and show you
what I've been getting ready it's been
pretty manic these are the stairs very
very cool and then up here there's this
amazing all-white bathroom
love it love it and there's a few more
rooms there but we haven't used them yet
and then going up here as you can see
more cases everywhere this is where I've
been getting ready so it is a bit of a
mess I've got all of my makeups like all
organizing bags like I'm showing you
guys yesterday this is what's on my face
right now there's a brush on the floor
I'm gonna pick that up there's also a
foundation on the floor using a chair as
my table and then this is the rest of
the room super cute and then in here
everything's so white I love it in here
there's like a office space which I
think we amusing a bit later so amazing
and it's actually such a beautiful day
we got so lucky beautiful natural light
and there's another sneaky room upstairs
that we've also been filming in or
shooting in I'm so used to filming I
want to show you guys this because it's
so cool look at it it's like the secret
attic room and it's painted the most
beautiful kind of blue green ET le color
I love it and then in here this is where
we this is where we're just shooting
early look at the bathroom I want to
move in so nice right I'm gonna go back
and get shooting again I'll catch up
with you guys at lunch time and see
wherever I'm just having a little break
for lunch Mike's here working on
location today in the kitchen you've
been shopping you know they needed some
room but you'll be pleased to know he
actually called me whose outfit today
and there was no classrooms
hi I'm hungry having any breakfast yeah
so hungry that was five we've just
finished issue we'd packed everything up
we had the birthday I can't wait for you
guys to see some of the pictures for
this book because the last ones were
lovely and amazingly I feel like you
guys is here it's been such a fun day
but I like had the best time we're doing
another shoot the week after next as
well so we're gonna do it all again it's
gonna be a busy one but I am off to get
drinks with Gareth now so come and join
us we're just driving over the river and
these guys which bridge is that what's
up fastest II know but see the but is
there no but us yeah look at my heart
it's so beautiful yeah but that bridge
is in Battersea was it called anyone
write the comments but it's list up
there's a chance a bridge and the sunset
is amazing we're going for wine now
you're going for why he's losing out
Mike's driving three hours home Jason
and on the plus side though we took
these amazing fact what they gave us and
I didn't steal them these amazing
flowers from the shoes and Mike's taking
them back for his mom
she's looked after the poops I am back
in the flat I've just tried to brush my
hair and it was pretty much solid from
products because we've restyled it like
five times today I was hoping I might
not have to wash it again because I
actually washed it this morning but it's
turned out I probably will so I'm gonna
head to bed now I had such a good day
it's been a long one like pretty busy
and long and I'm not gonna lie I'm
excited yes it's bad right now
on the plus side Mike put up this
temporary curtain which was a spare key
it's kind of long story we basically
bought this pack of curtains from being
cute for our gym I don't know if you
guys remember but I actually opened one
of the packets and it was like one
curtain in it and by the time I'd gone
and got them they were like in the sales
like not much money at all I was like I
might buy another pair and we'll save
this one for sparing case one gets dirty
turns out it does have a use until we've
got the proper curtains because that
back window there actually is overlooked
by another flap so being in bed and
being overlooked by someone is like
really creepy so I'm glad to have that
curtain even though it's obviously way
too short and the wrong color but I have
a curtain I'm gonna go to bed now I've
gotten any starts more I've got my first
meetings 8:45 so I'm gonna be up super
early and yeah hope you guys have had a
great day I'll see you tomorrow bye guys
good morning guys and welcome back so
today I have my pajamas on and no makeup
and I am prepping more for the shoot
tomorrow we are leaving here at about 5
o'clock tonight to go to London to move
