good morning guys and welcome back so
today I have my pajamas on and no makeup
and I am prepping more for the shoot
tomorrow we are leaving here at about 5
o'clock tonight to go to London
to move all of the furniture back in
because as you guys know we've been
doing it up so not only are we moving
but I'm prepping for the shoot today the
focus is all over the shop and this is
my makeup prep because I'm doing my own
makeup for the shoot I've got it's next
to the castle because I've run out of
space I've literally got stuff
everywhere
so I've got a bag of face makeup a bag
of eye makeup this is my lips and then
each of these bags are specific products
I've spoken about in the book for each
look so I'm taking those but obviously
plus other stuff because it's not like
everything got some airbrush legs for my
legs also got some of my perfumes for
some shoots and stuff I just thought
because we're shooting at a location
house we shot the last book shoot at my
house so this time they wanted to do
kind of different backgrounds so we've
got a location house in London so they
want me to bring as many kind of props
as possible so I've also got all of
these I've got my dome alone candles
these big ones were actually from my
wedding
they haven't burnt that well to be
honest I think on the day they got kind
of blown out of it and they haven't kind
of burnt they weren't allowed to like
burn evenly down which is kind of
annoying but I do still burn these
occasionally and I've got my little
other ones as well so their props have
got my teacups got my big kiln the jars
I've got a teapot that my grandma bought
me for Christmas one years an antique
teapot and I've got these that say
fleurs on them so I'm basically just
gonna have to pack all of these up and
find other props as well they want me to
bring like photos and just stuff to kind
of personalize the space a bit because
at the moment it's just like blank kind
of canvas so there we go just wash all
my brushes as well
in cold water because our heating has
gone as I said yesterday so I think I
did a pretty good job continuing as
copper water gonna pack all my makeup up
and get going onto the clothing but it's
now about 3:30 it's been the most manic
take eyes trying to get everything done
I have been out to really vlog because I
don't want you guys to see a lot of the
stuff in the book before it's in the
book do you know what I mean I feel like
that would kind of spoil it
so I have been vlogging but I've been
finishing off all of the DIY projects
just prepping everything because at the
shoot we're gonna have to shoot the like
how-to as well as the finished product
but the team don't want to have me to
have to like actually properly make
everything on the day so I'm having to
like perfect everything that I may sort
out all of the kind of components and
everything and do like halfway through
versions all that kind of stuff I'm now
at home base we've also since then and I
didn't vlog this because it was really
stressful we've also just packed up the
van with all of the stuff of the flat
because we're taking that down tonight
so that we can stay there and the sofas
were really really heavy so it took us a
while and I've now popped to town and
I've come to home base to pick up some
things for the flats and for the DIY and
I'm hoping I can find them otherwise it
could be a disaster
okay so first thing when I start light
bulbs but I did just get totally
distracted by these initial cushions
whoop scene so I'm now in the truck with
my so we're on our way to London with
stuff the flat handles DIY stuff this is
my buddy next to me it's nice but I'm
flying
so yeah the back is full with sofas and
beds and mattresses and pretty much I
really in which I am I can't even
believe it where I said to flower I was
like there's no way we are off the
journey commences it's 5:58 we're hoping
to leave it 5:15 probably 40 minutes
late that didn't work so yeah hopefully
the traffic one could you bad yeah
because if we had left at 5:15 it
would've been raging so I think we're
good specific stuff it'd be very extra
careful we're just coming into London
now we've been listening to some fun kid
tunes on the way down this is Becky my
friend Becky's birthday present and it
keeps falling on my head and inside it I
hope she doesn't watch this before she
opens it is a glass teapot like a really
ornate glass for people it's not a
chocolate it's nice all she is and it
keeps standing on my head I'm like oh my
god don't break on my head we are about
and just put something out no smoking in
the van - good job neither of us smoked
empty f so we are now on our way into
lambda and we're about 15 minutes away
my camera won't focus is this
misbehaving around 15 minutes out I'm
ready for some heavy lifting to use the
muscle heavy lifting heavy lifting and
we're going to our favorite sushi place
within that well we hope we are have
made reservation but I'm pretty sure
we'll get a new Tuesday night
excited I'm gonna get all the sashimi
we're about to no no no no no we need to
get there exceptionally fast it's slowly
as we possibly can so we're in I am
beyond excited I can't wait to show you
guys a proper tool but you can see
behind me it's all looking very boxy at
the moment we've been unpacking the
sofas pleased to say we got them through
the door
and they look really good they're
actually really cozy as well and these
are the glasses no cover if I was
telling you guys about glasses I can't
remember if it was a real live
conversation I had or if it was what I
had on youtube you know you do many too
many YouTube videos when you can't
remember which conversation was real and
which conversation was with a camera but
yeah these are the glasses my mom got me
for Christmas I was saying to Mike
there's so many things I got for
Christmas that I packed away ready for
when we'd finish the flat and they had
kind of not forgotten about it but yeah
forgotten about it I was like like so
excited when I unpacked some of this
stuff I'm like oh my god I can finally
use that so yeah these are the glasses
my mom got me sadly she actually smashed
two of them because she gave me two as
like in a gift and then on Christmas Eve
as well she I don't know why she gave me
a present on Christmas Eve but so she
gave me two as like oh this is what
you've got and then these were all
packed up and she just brought them over
instead of having to like unwrap all of
them so she'd bought six champagne
glasses six wine glasses
and then one or two two of these giant
kind of martini glasses but she smashed
one of the wine glasses and one of the
champagne glasses so now there's five
champagne five wine and two martini but
you know between all of these glasses
I'm definitely going to be able to give
everybody a drink I don't know we could
fit this many people in this tiny flat I
know wait hang on there's six so there
must have been seven wine glasses very
strange or maybe there was originally
three of these I can't run because they
all they're all quite similar and it was
quite a long time ago but there the
glasses and then she also gave me these
plates which are beautiful little side
plates I love them so much
I actually don't have full-sized plates
here I
we did have some that when I got old
plates but I didn't bring them back
because I didn't really like them so I
think I'm just gonna get plain white
plates probably from like IKEA or
somewhere and three coffee table books
two of which were Christmas presents
these two and then this is the follow me
to book which I bought not that long ago
so yeah I don't have a coffee table yet
but I'm gonna get one it's about time
for a cup of tea what are you up to over
there oh my goodness what's the time 20
past 12:00 the lights on the screen make
around the kitchen look really blue but
they're not in real life they look like
white in real life that's weird
I am snookered what a day fish changes
in light bulbs off he goes leaving
beautiful venom on the plus-side that
Suns gone in so
we in the air all right now it's pretty
early just been buying treats crying on
the dad we've been looking after the
dogs who got lost
