we're leaving beautiful Venice on the
plus side the sun's gone in so that's so
bad we in the airport right now pretty
early just been buying treats for my mom
and dad who have been looking after the
dogs we've got lots of Italian snacks in
there you are what are you gonna we
got a sausage salami this is more for my
dad because he likes the salami looks
really yummy we got some chocolate for
my mom which is delicious not to eat
chocolate it's also got cream lemoncello
because we always get dad loves them and
cello but I don't think he's had the
cream one before so he thought about
what what is that and then we've got
some really yummy olive oil for mum
perfect perfecto let's get on the flight
love me
- I'm a guy
house
went back in England actually I don't
know where sounds are happy about that
because we had the best time in this
town it's my boat well it's actually
there's no Sun in the sky it's all gray
but it's just right on my eyes I had the
best time in Venice there's only one of
the coolest places I've ever been to
it's unlike anywhere else in the world
and it's quite weird now being in a car
because there are absolutely no cars in
Venice because there are no probably
kind of like oh yeah I'm missing the
warble ability action so yeah we're on
our way to pick up the puppies I can't
wait to see them I feel like we spent so
much time away from them the past two
weeks well we have cuz we were away the
week before last four homes like three
days and then we will go on and get
another miss them so I can't wait to
give the poopies a little showgirl and
we're also listening to the new serial
episode which came out last week that's
- okay right gotta go guys cuz we've
only got an hour car journey I need to
list every else to be fair I'm gonna
still later or something together man
what you can't have to do it about me so
we just stopped to get some snacks in
the service station my day has taken a
turn for the worst this just happened
I'm so angry this is the second time
this has happened to this phone and it
wasn't even me dropping it and being
clumsy it fell out of my pockets it's
not even just a bit smashed either it's
like the level of smashed that all the
little bits get stuck in your finger so
annoying and it takes so long to hear an
appointment at the Apple Store to get it
fixed I just can't even I'm so upset I
like it's really it's and I have to back
up everything and do everything it's
just really made my day rubbish I'm so
annoyed I've never been this annoyed
about breaking anything ever oh I nearly
cried on the plus side I'm now stinking
the car out with garlic and parsley
prawns whilst Mike's filling up the car
with fuel he doesn't know anything about
it and I'm dipping them in hummus is
that weird do you guys think that's
weird let me know am i weird I probably
am but it tastes good we've just got two
mum's house to pick up the doggies I can
hear them talking there's a little
piglet back oh hi guys
later now and I have been doing DIY
projects all day preparing for the book
shoot which is Wednesday office morrow
this is what my kitchen floor looks like
right now and the whole rest of the
kitchen basically looks like this as
well
it's a massive mess we also have other
issues our house isn't run on gas it's
run on oil and I ordered it last week
and they haven't brought it yet but
turns out not born yet so it turns out
no heating no no what water no I'll go
no I'll go to cook with so we're going
over to Mom's for dinner ha ha
sucks to be I'm happy to be home I think
someone else is too are you happy to be
home no go dog I use groups oh I think
my love this frisbee may have seen
better days she still wants it it don't
want that I think it needs to go in the
bed C and D friends this is so cute
trying to creep up on take that one
without waking her up
oh she woke up oh I just trod on I
thought it was a rat I was just trying
to keep up on piglet she's sleeping like
this and she looked so cute I was trying
to get her on camera but she woke up
she's so fluffy she's so fluffy I missed
you baby I am coming to join this
snuggle pile right now tricky why you
know on the sofa are you destroying the
frisbee I think that needs to be through
excuse me squish don't be a brat
no drinkie I love you I do
you're such a good girl that's gonna be
it for tonight guys I'm gonna go and
join these little snuggle bums and this
one and I'll see you tomorrow bye hey
guys welcome to our third and final day
in Venice I'm heading down to get some
breakfast and then we're going on and
Finn
venture
