hey guys welcome to our third and final
day in Venice I'm heading down to get
some breakfast along we're going on an
adventure so just had a breakfast in
we're in the kitchen so in there is like
the traditional kind of dining room
where everyone else's but because there
were so many of us who everyone else got
upstairs we're in like the kitchen where
they do the kitchen lessons and it's so
cool if I have jars of things and it
makes me want to take a bite out of this
drive is so badly look at this how long
we're on our way to Burana via Water
Taxi and it's pretty ethnic another
sunny day
right now very cold outside
so today mike is looking decidedly
stylish on the top
but yet again he is bringing down the
Italian style snakes
with his low body
endurance
it's not a good look Mike so this is
piranhas so beautiful look at the houses
on that one
it's so magical here throwing my
favorite place ever I want to move here
with piglet reminds me in that pink
house and it really does it has a much
more like slightly Mediterranean like
beachy vibe to it there's a pad or a
park I don't know what it is it's a
small parrot a budgie nobody is a
smaller than this sort of tells you
where to go I had a power it would know
all kinds of exploitive often has a
parent which tells you when to go over
time yeah hello there stranger Mike's
been walking off the front there this is
probably one of my favorite places I've
ever been this is like the most kind of
touristy street you just walk down we
just been going on
along all over the back alleys and it's
just so beautiful don't you think so my
research I think we're very very lucky
with the weather to be honest I think
without the weather being so beautiful
it wouldn't be as gorgeous but I think
today this is probably one of the most
beautiful places I've ever been in my
life it's pretty bad
we're now walking on the edge of the
island where all the boats come in and
look how I think that looks over there
something really really creepy about it
there's lots of boat
ha it's the meeting point for dogs as
well there's a lot of notes in there a
lot of boats and the bells are going off
in the water tower
look how one hears doesn't stop the
bells so we hopped on a ferry hopped
with one leg on the ferry over to Murano
and we're now having a little adventure
we're gonna go find some lunch and this
is what it looks like in Murano it's a
bit more kind of industrial feeling
because they obviously have the big
glassblowing history here obviously they
have it what it is pretty famous you
know misophonia Murano glass is a thing
that has manual there's got to be some
sausages on Murano but yeah it looks
pretty cool
we are now very poor waiting for our
ferry back to Venice
look how I like greeny blue The Walrus
it's like this area in Venice it's like
almost like a baekje weenie brew very
good look at all the things on the chain
that reminds me of Pirates of the
Caribbean look at that guy's
there's a lot of are they muscles or
whelks but they're not well look like
muscles I think it's gonna be a
beautiful sunset today we've had
sunshine all day amazing it's in the
best day I don't want to go home
tomorrow but you know what I do want to
see me la bouche and the two Musketeers
the two spring get ears and the fluffy
Pussycats so many fur babies what have
you got to show me something else I
found
well sewer here I did spot these earlier
in when we are in Venice again I thought
I'm gonna wait and see it's a fridge
magnet and so I'm gonna wait and see if
I find any other superior magnets
however I decided after reviewing all of
the magnets available this is the most
telling quite a lot of burgers I'm
cheesiest
it's really it's the most ridiculous
fridge magnet I've ever seen in my life
I try to go for the most tacky whenever
I go places try and get the most tacky
fridge back there they'll think you're
doing a thing for I did myself proud
classy purchase we almost got the wrong
one and went on that boat it's actually
this boat so we're back on the main
island of Venice now and we're walking
to the Palazzo de cacao which is the
there's a prison there was also like the
main seat of Venice government so we're
gonna gonna have a crown that whoever it
is we made it hopefully just that was
worth a rush look at this look at this
you going to the loo loo first thing you
do I need to live as well I might come
with you it's pretty epic in here though
look at it amazing
someone's dawdling at the back you need
to come and see in here this is the
finish me this is orange area square
atrium it's basically a waiting room
where people used to wait when they walk
the main dose it's quite a lot of gold
in here we've just been walking through
the rooms which were the kind of Senate
rooms of the leader of Venice in the
1500s and they were all destroyed in a
fire and rebuilt it took them like 20
odd years and the rest probably 21 years
20-odd you're actually joking it was
actually 21 but here's the fire was in
1350 74 1594 so 21 years old the maths
genius fun fact
little-known mike is apparently a genius
I think he's making up when did you do
this test however you don't think I
think you've ever done an IQ test I've
never done one I could be you're a
genius
I don't know you're actually genius in
you go where you belong
by even lock you in and leave you in
prison it's really grow with me now all
right genius what does your genius mind
make of that they'd be good for walking
down when they cross focus we're heading
over the little bridge into the present
you belong in beer look at that we're
right over the canal jump it's pretty
sick door I love this kind of stuff I'll
lock you in and throw away the key so
the doors were really small do you
reckon
lots of people in one they must have had
a bed though
we're having a little bit of a gelato
stop again at the same place because it
was so good but they don't have the
white chocolate one sad time so I got
lemon on there some condors right here
we actually haven't been on one of these
they're super expensive they're like 80
euros for like 40 minutes but they look
pretty cool this one's got like
heart-shaped captions on it in the lift
right now we're on our way to dinner we
just had about an hour in the hotel I
was going to have a bar that was gonna
edit my video what did I do
no I have a little mat up on the bed so
I didn't get a chance to change for
dinner reach out my makeup or have a
bath or edit my video and well here's a
half of it so that's what we're doing
we're now going for our final dinner sad
times Malcolm you're just starting the
pudding I forgot to vlog suffer again
but I have no keep your hands off my
spoon I have a tiramisu I haven't had
any tiramisu yet this trip and it's one
of my favorite things in the world I did
ask if you wanted to order one you said
no I'd like a bun therefore you're not
having only a bite of yours as you had
some of mine which I do know okay you
can have the first bite and then after
that you can f off no don't squash it
don't squash it because I'm a little bit
you just have a little bit that's enough
I'm getting juice down deep to make sure
I get a good part of it small amounts
because I've been polite because I'm a
nice okay that's a good
no it's mine you can order your own put
it back this is my were having dinner
it's like a vaulted ceiling yeah we just
got back to our room after a delightful
dinner it was actually Mike's mom's
birthday tonight last the whole reason
why we came to Venice is like special
birthday trip for her so we had a lovely
evening lovely now back in the room we
are so tired we've had the longest day
today I swear we've got so much done we
went to Burano Murano we went all the
way around the Palazzo Ducal and then
which was came back here for about 40
minutes and then we went out for dinner
and then went off for drinks and now
it's time for bed very sleepy we'll see
you in the morning we're heading home to
see the puppies good night everybody
good bye good morning guys and welcome
back to Camelot that crow keeps going I
haven't really used my words much
because we're just all ready to go out
Mike sat on the bed on the phone
so I will show you I'm wearing on my
face specially in my
