good morning guys and welcome back it
sound a little bit quirky this morning
just I haven't really mmm used my voice
much because we've just got ready to go
out Mike's there on the bed on his phone
being antisocial and I thought I would
show you what I'm wearing on my face
flashing like what's in my makeup bag
for this trip so this is what I'm
wearing I'm gonna show you guys what is
in my bag what I put with me it's all
kind of laid out in the bathroom it
looks very pretty and I just thought you
know what I'm gonna do that for enger'
red and purple like all kind of clashing
it's like orange red and blue kind of
all clashing but I just ah love it just
something about it me this
hmm so this is my makeup bag which is
from the liberties and love that it's
just a perfect size as well for not
having in your bag and not being too big
but not too small at the same time and
then I keep all of my brushes and like
long beauty items in a glass I always do
this in hotel rooms just I find it so
much easier
I put my brushes back there and then
this is I'm sorry I used to it first
time I've used it I feel would anybody
liked it it's the Mac you can actually
know the specific name it just is
mascara on the bottom that's not very
useful is it and then it doesn't say
I'll find out anyway is that this one
the one that looks like that and then I
have a by Terry ombre number four when
you're trying to film like what car
things are my Anastasio brow gel my Mac
brow pencil got my YSL eyeliner this is
a new eyeliner that's coming out from
the Double Wear sidled line called
infinite waterproof eyeliner I use that
on my waterline today and then I also
have my Mac ultra matte liquid in feels
so good which is the red color I was
talking about the other day it's such a
great color I have my stealer aqua glow
concealer I'm trying out and I like it I
don't love it this however is amazing
this is the door forever foundation
they've just changed the formulation of
and something about the texture of this
is just amazing just like sinks into my
skin it's the perfect color as well the
color I have is twenty and it just
really is good so I'd watch out for that
on my main channel sometime soon the
L'Oreal blush sculpt
correction soft sand amber and I just
used the pinky color today then I have
the door highlighter this is glowing
gardens in glowing pink which is if you
guys haven't seen this collection it is
to die for
so it looks like that and it's just the
most beautiful kind of iridescent
gorgeous gorgeous highlight I have my
hourglass bronzing powder a road I'll
pout and concealer and then a set Q
eyeshadow which I didn't really use this
today I used a little bit of the middle
color but I use the by Terry cream
shadow stick yep I have my Beauty
Blender
I have a miniature Coco Chanel
Mademoiselle Oh de Parfum which this
size is perfect for traveling because it
still like looks really gorgeous and
classic kind of Chanel bottle but it's
really dinky
perfect charlie then I have the
Kardashian beauty hair oil black seed
it's called a black seed dry oil and
that is just oh my god I love that stuff
and then I have the care assassin
exothermic this is always finished I
just brought this with me so that I
would finish it off because it's been in
my travel bag for so long because I
could just use that but I use both this
morning called the evil on cleanser
which I'd forgotten how bad this smells
is like I don't know something where it
doesn't smoke cleansing balm and again
in a travel size that I got given car
number if it's in a birch box or a
goodie bag or something but I got it
from somewhere and then this I think was
from a birch box or a glossy box this is
a low seat our precious cream immortelle
precious screen might have never used
this before this morning and the texture
is amazing so that is it for my little
bathroom set up for today I'm gonna do a
little outfit of the day as well whilst
I'm here this is what I'm wearing
similarly to yesterday my top is from
Topshop I love this top I actually
bought it in the gray though and the
same size this is a size 10 and my gray
is a size 10
I'm not joking this is about half the
size the gray one is massive I don't
know if this is a petite or something I
pretty sure it's not anyway my little
necklace here turn around and show you
guys is from relia it's just a really
simple circle necklace with like a
little kind of detail on it I really
like that and
I have my Zara jeans on which I like my
standard I need some new ones of these
because they're getting so so worn at
the edges like the seams on the inside
like wearing out and then I have my
forever 21 boots that I've been wearing
kind of non-stop since I got them I love
them so much
my feet were actually hurting a little
bit from yesterday but I think it's
mainly because we've walked so much as
opposed to like that they're
uncomfortable because they've never
really been uncomfortable for but we've
walked a lot we've walked a lot yes and
I'm pretty sure you're gonna walk a lot
today we are like 20 minutes late for
breakfast because it's taking me like
half an hour's drive my hair and now
I've been talking to you guys for five
minutes so let's go you ready mdf you
and all your Phoenician splendor
so beautiful here look at these bridges
it's amazing and we have probably the
best weather ever perfect day in Venice
this is the grand canal and I think
we're heading over to the penny
Guggenheim Museum which is there so
we're looking around the gardens first I
think this is my favorite piece or the
favorite sculpture so far that we've
seen has called the clothing by count
and the side Mike thinks is like stylus
and look I just think it's really cool I
love it it's not that old either it's
from 1998 this is my favorite so far
magical
this one's Mike's favorite look at this
beautiful view it's right on the Grand
Canal and that right there is our hotel
and that's just where I stopped on the
Bridget we just left the Peggy
Guggenheim collection which is really
good on our way we're on our way to get
some lunch
look at this job it looks like the spec
shops on the outside but actually it
sells crazy jackets we walked past it
earlier pretty crazy pretty crazy
there's a high Sun has gone in and this
is now extremely cold manner again I'm
so bad at this it's like my worst trait
because I basically get so hungry I snap
on it like fantastic mr. Fox but we're
on our way to get your lasso nose and
you'll consider blogging an interesting
choice because it's warm you really ill
cold bills yeah it will I'm cold me
it would chill my blood maja we're back
in the square it's a lot busier than it
was yesterday and there see girls
look how big they are I think they can
come and get me
so your job you don't have you're scary
like pigeons are like kind of annoying
see now that won't let them massive
didn't like birds this would be a very
scary place to be right now are we going
round are you joking Mike and I want to
go through them they're really big we're
on the hunt for G Larsson look at this
cool gate isn't it beautiful
I don't know listen all I want to go
down that way
every Street in Venice is epic pretty
much this is a nice Street too but
there's a sausage spotting sausages
everywhere all over the world
we found the gelato shop Mike doesn't
remember the name of it I thought I
think it's this one then let it be said
Alan this one's called lamella Verde
yeah that's it let's do it this is an
appropriate doorstop
I've already tried a little bit of this
top one and I have to say is off the
chain it is hazelnut and white
chocolates basically white chocolate
Nutella I'm worried my own place and I
got an old pistachio and ricotta on the
bottom which is gonna be a
disappointment after the white chocolate
I know it is what did you get like kind
of nutty I got like a Nutella
it's definitely hazelnut
it's definitely his on that is it is I
spy with my little eye something
beginning with another sausage yes we
are now in st. Mark's Square look at the
beautiful sunset oh so beautiful I'm in
love with Venice
so we've come back to the hotel room for
a little bit of downtime before we head
out for dinner and I just uploaded
yesterday's vlog Mike is sitting here
watching The Royal Tenenbaums he's just
finished watching fantastic mr. Fox as
well loving life right now aren't you
Mike where's actress yeah double where's
those SS isn't it
double weighs Anderson action and can I
just point out you've got rather
fabulous socks on red now it's a strong
look you know the only way you'd make it
stronger is to tuck them into your
droughts like your trousers into them
love it this is how you beat yesterday's
bad outfit like I watched on the bars as
well before dinner but then I ran out of
time and we now have 10 minutes so I'm
not going to help us but what I might do
is get changed because I quite want to
shoot an outfit of the evening if we can
provide some oh ok light I think it
would be quite cool Graham look all the
lines I always wonder what is upstairs
in these buildings does anybody know let
us know in the car is that all shops a
lot of here look ma that's look that's a
restaurant or something isn't it so
so much maybe it's like the silicon
behind us under the tower very beautiful
I'm not thinking that you had the best I
didn't and I didn't vlog it because we
were opposite ends of the table and
Jenna was disappointing tonight well sue
mine was not bad I tried yours totally
nice your sister who had the same thing
and it was not good the most compared to
the rest of the meals in Tennessee this
like disappointed because it was I know
Mike had any seafood and I had a Phillip
it was it was it was okay compared to
like we know and I was really surprised
because the hotel was saying and it's
really really lovely and they
recommended the restaurant and last
night they recommended a different
restaurant it was amazing
I was just quite surprised they
recommend it of quiet tourists I place
something a little speck it's something
a little bit different yes so we're on
our way back for the romantic stroll
I've got my little Helen more floofy
scarf scarf I think she tucked into my
bag I'm wearing this bag crossbody you
know there's so comfortable for the
first time I ever I don't just look
weird
so Chloe faked so I'm gonna wear it
crossbody that's what's gonna happen
it's just not as you know heavy on my
shoulder fair enough I mean if that
works that's what works for you love I
mean I've I've been I wasn't asking you
what were you saying
I saying I've been rocking my a mice
bisexual yeah not you don't have magical
yeah let me know what you guys are going
out to you tonight we've been doing
anything interesting and that's me it's
like if you're not already part of the
crew and you're not already subscribed
and please get subscribing right now in
it brother
for our final day
sometimes like good morning everyone
apparently by there we've been in the
car for almost half an hour and I am
tired I got sleep
sleeeeep
