good morning everyone it's currently
five and we've been in the car for
almost half an hour and I'm tired I got
to sleep at about sleep and then I went
downstairs for my phone I went
downstairs again and this isn't work
yeah when you went to sleep before you
could take a sleeping pill or something
love tickets leave them and I wouldn't
wake up why not I have to wake up like
four hours late sad times what is that
three hours sleep so yes we're on our
way to the airport we're going to Venice
I'm very excited about going to Venice
because I've never been there before it
looks like one of the most beautiful
places in the world it's also with all
of my family which happens once every
five years together so it's really
exciting the last time we did it I think
it was probably five years ago always
Florence
yeah very exciting my two sisters their
boyfriends and my parents it's going to
be one big jolly what I do about any
noisiest so that way you then head it
out I'm doing some sneaky uploading so
they can't see the trying to maybe turn
my laptop off one left ear so I'm
uploading sneaky sneaky and the security
woman was so this is what I have to deal
with
the plane journey with you
if you jump us any an hour 50 minutes
otherwise I would have note
we have arrived in Venice and it is made
using I think we've been here from well
we just walked out at the hotel we've
been here for about five minutes and I
think it's probably already my favorite
place I've been in Italy the I think I
think macieira Elysian losing my sister
Serafino going on the part of me you're
saying well you know it's just like been
in Vegas so beautiful
look at this guys and the weather's
amazing we got really lucky hello so
we've just had some lunch I'm having a
little strong that was never made my
lunch was fabulous I had a I ordered
very well I had squidding tagliolini yes
with Cossacks what I sampled it was very
good and we're now then just keeping up
the pace you know can I tell you I had
and
I don't know I simply surely had
carbonara everyone we're turning down
here so I wanted to show you guys the
Main Street
why can't run what he just a tenant and
the rest of the crew going down down
this dark alley apparently so this is
very going it's so cool
the weather's actually taking a bit of a
downturn it's still very beautiful I've
been giving Mike quite a fair amount all
day and laughing at him for his choice
in out I don't want to know if you guys
agree because today
Mike's decided to pair his Navy hat with
his burgundy jumper with his black
t-shirt with his brown leather jacket
which isn't too bad
with his grave and his yellow and black
trainers I have to say let's just get a
full-body shot of this Mike it's not
your most color-coordinated topics it's
currently about 4:30 and we've just
checked into our hotel we came here
after coming from the airport on the
boat but we actually couldn't check in
yet color rooms weren't ready so we've
come back and checked into our room and
I thought it would show you guys because
we're staying in the most beautiful
hotel called the gritty palace which I
actually didn't really know I was
staying at all because Mike's mom had
booked everything and organised it all
so she'd sent us a link and I'd kind of
seen the website briefly but I hadn't
done any research into it and it's
amazing it's so kind of traditional and
old-fashioned but they've recently
renovated it so it's still like really
really beautiful so I will do the room
tour when you come in the door this is
what you see is like this hallway here
with a mirror and the walls are like
fabric it's not even just fabric on the
wall it's like actually like mount it
like it's squishy and it's really really
ornate everything is very very kind of
ostentatious looking and then you come
in Mike is passed out on the bed are you
awake someone's a little bit tired and
then this is the room so there's lots
and lots of mirrored panels everywhere
some raunchy lady paintings on the walls
and then you've got the windows here I
have actually looked at the windows yeah
I think we look on to like a courtyard
type situation that's basically wolves
not a good view but going up there and
then there's a TV and all of that jazz
there's some wine glasses and I think
red wine which is says with compliments
so I think is free and I presume these
are chocolates which look really good
how pretty that boxes I'm just drinking
some water so super super thirsty and
then that's it for the room and then you
go back through here and then the
bathroom is in here which is amazing
it's green marble Wow look at it it's so
so cool it's got really high ceilings as
well this bathtub is ginormous the
shower looks amazing it just looks
really really beautiful is the toilet
it's really cool as well because we just
checked in all together and each of the
bathroom because there's four couples
and Mike's family each of the bathrooms
and all of the rooms have like a
different color scheme so they're all
really similar but they're all different
so the first bathroom is gray the second
bathroom was like a ready marble and
then the third bathroom was white and
then our bathroom was green so it's
really cool they're all really different
I think we're gonna just chill out a bit
now have a drink I'm gonna put a bit of
makeup on and then we're going out for
dinner in a couple of hours so that is
updated for now we've got a rather crazy
makeup situation going on on the bed
because I just had to get ready in five
minutes because I'm doing some writing
I've actually just finished the
penultimate chapter of my book which
actually isn't the panel photo actually
isn't the penultimate chapter because I
haven't really written it in order I've
written it in the order that they need
it in order to get all the images done
like the illustrations and stuff so but
it's my second to last chapter they've
written anyway so I'm super excited
about that
I just thrown all my outfit like I would
do a quick outfit of the evening for you
all and basically in Topshop so I have
on this green kind of like cocky green
leopard print shirt on which is from
Topshop and then I have on my leather
dress which is also from Topshop I
actually got this back in October it's
from their boutique range and so it was
a bit more expensive but it's
amazing everyone it's so so much it's
just really just beautiful beautiful
leather then I have on black tights
because it's freezing outside and then
these boots are from M&S from again last
year
Mike's outfit has improved vastly I have
to say we're gonna show everyone because
you look really rather dashing in this
outfit you've neither your hair ah you
look really nice you got a black shirt
on from j.crew no bra Fran and your
jeans are from seven from one kind it's
still a bit green and the light but we
can pretend they're black and Todd's
shoes yes and your brown leather bomber
is from Brooks Brothers and your face is
oh man your dinners right and we're
going a little bit seafood crazy
I've got linguine vongole with smugface
we are back in the hotel room now wanted
to say good night and end the vlog and
show you my new pajamas which I got sent
the other day from a company called mish
which is basically a new kind of English
company it's set up by a young kind of
entrepreneurial girl who was really nice
actually I've been emailing her and she
was really cool so I want to show you my
pajamas because they are epic I kind of
tucked in in a very odd way because I
just threw them on but they're basically
like a mix-and-match thing but these are
like the feather design really cute
overnight them so yeah the little shorts
and a shirt super company and I don't
really like heavy weight team that is
what I'm sleeping in let me go to bed
now MDF is already in bed because he is
a snooze he little monkey today he's
been sleeping like all afternoon so yeah
really excited for our first proper day
in Venice tomorrow it's really beautiful
here and I can't wait to share it with
you guys see you later good morning guys
today I have half of my makeup done I
on the train a little bit late heading
to London a lot of meetings Mike doing
the washing and hanging up right now
morning here exceed to keep it a messy
hair this morning and then not all the
bases Laura we've got to get I think
