good morning guys today I have half of
my makeup done I am going to do the
other half on the train because I'm a
little bit late heading to London for
lots of meetings mike is doing the
washing and hanging up my pants right
now
morning you look super cute be there
messy hair this morning very tired I
know not looking for all the bases
tomorrow we've got to get up at like
4:30 I think for Ethan we are having an
early night
gotta get up so early see you later bye
doodlebugs bye
final one weasel-faced by Weezer face
bye bye
oh hi so it's a little bit less now I
made it to London quite a while ago
actually now it's just gone lunch time
and I have been in back-to-back meetings
all morning I just come from my last
meeting with the stylist for my first
book shoot next week who's helping me to
source everything I really wanted to do
it all myself but it's just turned into
the most manic manic shoot ever because
we're doing all the DIY stuff on that
day as well so I'm doing all the DIY
she's still single clothes we just had a
meeting about everything and what's
gonna happen it's gonna be super super
busy I'm gonna vlog it as well because
it's still February so you guys will get
to see but next week is gonna be pretty
mad I'm on my way now to the flats to
see the builders to work out if
everything is on track because I meant
to actually be finishing tomorrow which
I'm so excited about and literally
cannot wait and then I'm going to do
another meeting before heading home as
well I need to try and pop into H&M home
before I head back to get a couple of
things for the DIY projects that are
going in the book so I'm gonna try to do
that nominee is it's a beautiful day in
London and you can see the moon in the
daytime which I always think is an extra
special slash is slightly creepy hey
that guys can you see the moon so I've
just got out of my
finally thing and now in Houston mad in
here like actually mad I've had such a
crazy day we're actually flying 7:00
a.m. tomorrow so I think we have to
leave yeah like stare at you when you're
blogging like you're crazy like you're
crazy yeah we're flying at 7:00 so we
have to leave home for am just checking
I'm really really need a week before the
train goes which is kind of annoying
when you're in Houston this is super
fast so make your book because you have
to pay to use toilets so I'm gonna try
and dig out 30 P so this never happens I
was walking to Lou and as I was walking
they announced the platform and normally
it's like we will find pitch they'll be
in about three seconds they'll get there
and be like rushing to get the Train
normally it's like people barging out of
the way and I was just walking past I'm
gonna give us a little train and then
basically sorted I am now in my car I
don't wear my winter cream wipes right
that's been on earlier moustachy it was
raining on the way it's morning um but I
wanted to let you all know that on the
way home I'm stopping at Nando's to pick
up a takeaway Nando's and it's probably
my favorite thing in the entire world
that you can order
Nando's on your app on your phone on the
train or I can depends if you get a
trainer on if you don't your train
become and this is not sponsored by
Nando's whatsoever I order it on the
train and I pick it up on the way home
it's like the best situation
ever in the world I'm gonna gonna do
that now head home and eat it Nando's
take away in hand now I've got a zoom
home for the MDF delivery and O's time
oh hi there
I missed you too you look cute for the
second time so having said that this
morning the major what would you like a
drink
I love a drink what would you like to
make it sparkling water I think or
elderflower so I got a mushroom and
halloumi wrap with avocado and cheese
although I didn't know I don't know if
the cheese is the same as the halloumi
cheese we will find out and I got a
sweet corn and Mike got his usual which
is a mango and lime wrap medium with
halloumi know the mango lime not medium
a mango and I've not medium I just saw
that and I read it upside down as medium
it's halloumi cheese and corn and 33
chips which is kind of a warm because of
the dry phone oh it is on now semi kind
of nightly updates on the house we've
had the plumbers here today and we've
also had the Tyler here today so no oh
no sink and toilet okay no and then the
showers gone I was in position the wires
move could start cleaning bath I
certainly knew the ground yes that's
nice but good stuff this is getting
replastered early next week
yeah like sanitaryware god it's in the
garage you hold on hard the phone so the
bits are in first Oh what am I gonna do
they've done a nothing I the knobs are
on the knobs down oh it's gone
yes they sprawls actually really nice
the other floors are in a bad way Oh Oh
No
but where's this here
must be some heating pipes oh my god but
it looks so much better without the
green like literally no green they're
too dark really is what I think of the
handles you ordered them hmm let me fine
well the wall is slightly darker than
white yeah are you happy with the hot
where they are positioned yeah I think
so yeah okay I mean what do you guys
think it is too dark these are the
handles up close we'll see
I wanted them just to look panel now
they just kind of look the same as they
looked before they do look nicer than
they looked before over the whole the
room is looking at decidedly better with
the lack of green these doors in the
dressing room and now done as well which
I think look really nice I think that
looks - he's not the - dancing to handle
hanging out for the season once I don't
like it so in here we have the new
toilet just hanging out it's not written
yet and the sink I love the sink
yeah so these are going in this bathroom
yeah where's the other Wow why are the
chocolates up here what are you giving
the chocolates to the builders I do
right here look how many boxes massive
box of Hotel chocolate Wow
oh my god it looks massive it looks
massive in here oh my god I love it
it's gonna grant in the morning and
there's like these little things in
between you kisses no gravity there's
slow resonance II can't say I like the
difference the small gaps between the
ground yeah and we've checked he's doing
the walls tomorrow check to the pipes
and we're going I think we're going nine
miles has he got he got the other
toilets to know who's supplying this huh
same as these bitches a smaller for the
size of half the size I think exciting
let's see how many chocolates
the builders named are you joking I
don't have you seven was it just him is
that two layers right you know what I
really oh my god they have these ones
are really good I love how to talk by
the burner it's pretty champagne I
thought they were the raspberry ones gin
truffle yes baby passionfruit truffle
praline oyster they're all gone
someone likes the praline oysters I'm
gonna go for the passionfruit truffle
it's only one left there we go
it's really good as well passion fruit
truffle and these are the handles on the
other doors what do you guys think
they're actually quite small these ones
I like the bottom
oh yeah good work MDF mine did these
literally MDF these were like all twe
and decorative before now they're just
plain they're getting painted there it's
now they it's half-past eleven right now
and my bad I had gone to bed but I
couldn't sleep so I'm now up and I've
come downstairs to get myself a drink
and I realized it's a good job I can't
sleep because I never finished my blog
we've got to leave here at office four
in the morning so that's in five hours
I'm really tired I just can't sleep and
I know I had an issue with like insomnia
or anything like that normally I'm a
really good sleeper and
anyone that knows me in person knows
that I like and it's kind of a joke like
I can sleep anywhere and everywhere so
the last couple right I just haven't
been able to sleep properly it's really
really bothering me I'm gonna make a
drink and then probably take my laptop
to bed which I know is not gonna help
but there's just loads of stuff I want
to do before tomorrow
I just keep like lying down and my brain
is like whirring and I had a few like
kind of stressful things today with the
meetings that I had and I can't really
tell you guys about it but it will be
fine it's just like not ideal stuff
happened so it's just one of those
things ready but it's like really
playing on my mind so that is what's
happening also kind of sad because the
dogs have wanted to stay with my parents
whilst we're in Venice my dad came and
picked them up before I got back to LA
you know when you get in after like a
really long day
and you just I don't know if you guys
have dogs but it's the best part of my
day when I get home and I know that
they're all going to be waiting for me
and super excited and I get to cuddle
them and stuff and I walked and I was
like guys where are you and Mike was
like they've already gone I was like no
that's maybe after tonight um I'm gonna
maybe edit this video and then try get
some sleep but I'll see you bright and
early but won't be bright because it
will still be dark see you tomorrow guys
good morning guys welcome back today is
Wednesday
and about half 11 now I just got ready
and done some editing and a lot of
boring stuff for me to be honest today
I'm actually going to nothing and for a
really exciting meeting
nauseum is where the main kind of
headquarters or boots is based and if
you guys don't know boots
