good morning guys welcome back so today
is Wednesday and about half 11 now I've
just got ready and done some editing and
a lot of boring stuff this morning to be
honest today I'm actually going to
Nottingham for really exciting meeting
nauseum is where the main kind of
headquarters or boots is based and if
you guys don't know boots are the
exclusive retailer of my lashes in the
UK so I'm going from meeting with them
and I learn about some exciting things
can't really talk about there and tell
you what it is which is super annoying
but some really exciting stuff that were
gonna be talking about today
so that is what's happening I am leaving
these two who are oh my God look how
cute the dolls look right now I can't
even deal piglet is Winnick tucked up
with her nose right under there and I've
been working my way around washing all
of the dog beds for the past few days
this one has just been washed or that's
probably dirty already but that other
one was so dirty it's unimaginable yes
you dirty little beasts I've just gone
home and someone is a little bit excited
she's been barking at me like a little
yes yes
hello Nepal hello I missed you too even
though I was only gone for a couple of
hours yeah hi hi you monkey have you
been a good girl no never a good girl
always naughty so I didn't actually blog
any of my journey or the meeting
obviously because it's top secret but
also because it was chucking it down
with rainy and tie away and it was super
hairy so I was trying to drive fast
enough to get there on time that slow
enough to be safe and it was not that
fun I'm gonna get some food now because
I'm hungry it's like 4 o'clock and I
have not had my lunch just heating some
of these up because we literally have no
food Indian flavored grains hmm
interesting I think it's like lentils
and rice and stuff it will do for lunch
so I realized today is like gonna be a
pretty crazy vlog because I'm gonna need
short like three clips so far of the
whole day but it's been really manic has
been editing all afternoon
and my lady / friend that is making on
curtains my lady my curtain duties yeah
my friend who's making the curtains came
round as well and she's looking at
current fabrics and stuff so so
afternoon has been pretty busy we're now
heading over to mums for egg and chips I
believe for dinner because we still have
no food because we haven't had the
chance to go shopping to get food yet so
that is what is happening mike is here
in his builder's get up came downstairs
earlier with a pencil behind his ear you
are dedicated to the cause let's go I'm
hungry I've also replaced my leather
trousers that I had on earlier for
boyfriend jeans because I don't wanna
stretch them out and I actually like
really liked them maybe with these boots
they look a bit funny but I love these
jeans right let's roll I'm taking my
laptop because I want to make my get
ready with me video live super super
excited I managed to get all the links
time just now so going up like now
basically once we get to my mom's pick
this out guys mom mrs. camembert
it tastes extra stinky for camembert yes
special melted camembert oh yeah look at
this I've got the cheese now this is
mums leftover vegetable lasagna which I
think might be your new speciality it's
so tasty we had it the other night as
well your hair looks nice today by the
way chick stuff is stuff what stuff
oh you've used the rope spray do you
like it yes brilliant are you just
getting a cheeky dropping in your
Instagram there mother
at mom divorce check it out
no it looks amazing yeah it's really
good it's um I think it's the new
L'Oreal one actually it's like route
spray that I gave mom the other day the
one thing that's worth amazing the juice
is not around
instant integrate insta McGrath around
it's in travail your eyes you can
actually see to the photos you know I
know I place it now she can see yeah
we're having some wine as well cheers
big ears done that was a very it's it's
wet February cheers everyone it's
currently quarter past 12 and I've just
finished my last thing on my to-do list
for the day which is to make the
fifteenth's video live I'm like a day
behind on vlogging which is not too bad
I feel like the last few months I've
really been getting on a better schedule
with uploading my vlogs on time the last
few years I used to be like five days
behind by the end of the month and at
the moment touch wood some wood I am
only one day behind I'm hoping to catch
up and then I have a couple of days but
it's just been crazy and I wanted to
show you guys I've started using this
app again called wunderlist which I used
ages and ages ago and I've just got it
again and you I basically like make
to-do lists for every day and then you
can tick them off and they disappear
it's the best thing ever I'm going to
take this one off tada
and I'm done and I'm going to bed so
that's probably gonna be it for today
guys short and sweet I would have
thought for this vlog I haven't put all
the footage together yet so I don't know
how short but yeah today hasn't been the
most exciting one but I hope you guys
have enjoyed it anyway I'm heading to
London really early tomorrow so I'll see
you then night guys
morning guys so
the birthday in quote while actually I
have just the marathon mm a competitive
set when they come on and got refill
today I'm filming a couple of videos and
then I've got to finish off my edit or
my fasting every movie video and I just
found out as well so exciting is that my
book
