morning guys so today I'm at home for
the first day in quite a while actually
I have just some aircon memik a pair ped
set my makeup on and got ready to film
today I'm filming a couple of videos and
then I've got to finish off my edit for
my bath to get ready with me video I
just found out as well so excited that
my book is number one in the beauty and
fashion chart on Amazon already you guys
are amazing
massive thank you if you pre-order latex
that is just awesome I can't believe
that and the video went up like 4
o'clock yesterday and this morning when
I woke up it had like 175 thousand views
on it so I'm really excited that you
guys are excited for it as well in the
comments of it amazing so that has
totally made my day
and what else is happening my it's
actually quite late to start videos hast
lost 12 but I've just been trying to
tidy everything off this morning this
one has been due so you have flour all
over your mouth
this one was trying to decide what to
eat for lunch and realize that we have
absolutely no food in the house cuz we
only got back yesterday so what does he
do go to the shop what does he buy his
own lunch does he ask me if I want an
image No
cheeky monkey right I'm gonna get
filming now I think my sister and the
kids might be coming over intimate
actually so I might eat some lunch first
because if they come over mid filming it
will be pandemonium just thought I would
report heartbreak I go look down here
and there's no Ribena left my sister has
drunk all the Ribena Ravena I don't know
but if you're watching this probably
listen I've had to deal with this that's
it that's all I've got
fruit shoot what you got a freaky fruit
something robinson's fruit but they have
bears and so I'm Elsa I don't want on
the phone my visa and what Robina a miss
error I walk into here and squidgy is
parading one toy piglet is with another
time the son of treacle what's happening
to the teddy bear what are you doing to
the teddy bear trying to get the fluff
out these stuff
which recall this is her favorite game
ever in the world to play how much stuff
and eyes can I pull out finished filming
the second video for the day and I
changed my lipstick this is actually the
Mac you know the liquid lipsticks I
think what they call the retro matte car
over the exact name the retro matte ones
anyway I got this one to try oh my god
I'm loving it look at the color it's an
amazing color anyway I really like it if
you're wondering what that banging is
mike is upstairs ripping up the carpet
in the other spare room because we are
changing carpets we're not actually
fitting the carpets for another week and
a half a two week to think but because
we're going away this weekend
actually is like the worst um because
we're going oh I just looked down and
I've got this one on my feet today has
been a manic day hasn't it piglet yes
yeah because we are redoing like all of
the carpets upstairs the same time we're
trying to get organized and get
everything up so that we're not kind of
caught short beforehand I've had the
most manic day today because I have been
trying to source things for the first
photo shoot for my book which is
happening next Tuesday and just found
out we're doing all of the DIY stuff
next week so that has thrown the total
spelling works and I'm basically feeling
a little bit stressed I just filmed my
two videos I have been out into town
bots and stuff come back I now have to
edit the back video from yesterday which
is going up tomorrow and I also have to
try and source alone this stuff for
without mic like seriously she's so
inconsiderate with his banging yeah so
basically this whole last two minutes
has not made sense and I am a gibbering
wreck but yeah we'll get there in the
end it's currently 5 o'clock were meant
for going out for dinner half plus seven
with our friend Matt who we haven't seen
in ages it was his 30th birthday last no
this weekend so we're going out sitting
with him and I don't want to cancel
because we literally have not seen him
since New Year so yeah I'm gonna get my
head down and do some work I've just
finished the first cut of my BAFTA video
and this is how many cuts in this one
video
it's taken me quite a while I'm still
going and I'm still going and I'm still
going
and yeah that's the end quite a few I
hope you guys are going to like this so
I'm feeling a little bit cross-eyed
after all that editing so I've come
upstairs to show you guys what Mike has
done today you have been hard at work
nice backwards cap yeah so this bathroom
is stripped this floor is sticky yeah
we're putting wooden floor in this part
of English it comes up and hopefully
they can move those pipes closer
together city to city bending party yeah
and you've ripped off all these tiles
and the bar I think I've just about
Cassie yeah I wanted to keep this bar
but Mike wanted to get rid of it because
this tiny little not as easy as a nice
toilet she's not tall and removable for
new often yeah but it's more expensive
so yeah these are staying the toilet and
the sink and the bathroom was staying
we're having the wooden floors going
down next week okay
we're replastering all of this this week
next week I've got basically got ponds
about come to the shower that they
should be doing below week I'm going an
electrician story with the wire which is
always cut wire and remove cause it's an
electric shower so they're not be done
and then will they get the glasses and
the weekly progress week entitled there
so these are the tiles are going if you
guys can see they're like a gray stone
the gray marble tile see there but they
like beveled on the edge as well I tried
to open this box every hotter but yeah
so that's in there
good work and then in here Mike's ripped
up all the carpet
there's my laptop exporting yeah ripped
up all the carpet because we're having
new carpet in here we're not changing
any of the deck or at the moment one day
I'd like to paint it because at the
moment we have this quite grannyish
wallpaper this is probably the best
wallpaper of all the wallpapers that
were in this house when we moved in so
it's not too bad but yeah I think not
having the green carpet already makes
such a difference like everything in
here
now looks nice and baggy and clean
whereas before it was green really don't
like green D I like the right kind of
green and I just don't like green carpet
these are the scientist Abbas come out
for dinner with the birthday boy himself
Matthew who just said he looks a mess I
don't think you look amazingly sure
apart from being particularly old today
ha ha
we've got our starters I got columns
more scholars or scallops which one
you're I'm sorry guys but you're both 30
so you both else I've got 3 years on you
boys um yeah I got come to avenge
scallops where I come from was it with
something I like pickled carrot pickle
carrot I'm something underneath it
smells amazing and might got chicken
liver parfait which also looks to do
with my main course has arrived it looks
like the best fish pie in the world look
at these muscles and paws and it's
amazing what did you get I will state a
blurry state a blurry static a focus
take oh they're mushrooms that get on
top yeah look at my face Matt what is
that mine is 10:49 pork tenderloin
wrapped in ham with some pork meatballs
and a red wine jus they could have
organized it a little better hiding the
other ones the balls just took all of my
makeup off and it feels so good and if
you're wondering what this funny little
thing is here I'm testing out some of
these pot stickers which is similar to
the ones I've tried from Sarah Chapman
but they're from skin Iceland so they're
a lot cheaper I am gonna go and finish
uploading I'm just totally distracted by
how gray my background is and non like
granny Ashley makes me really excited
I'm gonna walk into the garnish but
again now and I'm back into granny land
I'm gonna go and finish uploading my
vlog from today I've got a little bit
behind with the vlogs ever since I'm
came back from skiing because and was
getting Cola because when I was skiing I
got into such a routine of like editing
in the morning uploading whilst we were
out skiing and then making it live when
I came back from skiing but it's just
been manic since we got back
that's one
you know might make a cup of tea as well
somebody looks rather cozy on there
somebody looks rather cozy my little
love your eyes not so good at the moment
is it and put some eyedrops in poor
little piggy if you guys don't remember
Piggy's got extra eyelashes so like in
growing eyelashes in one eye so she gets
a really watery eye sometimes I think
all of the dust since we've been doing
the work on the house is not making it
any better so poor little one should we
bathe it some hot water and some salt
shall we and put your eye drops in
little one this is dad don't look me in
the face this is the Snuggle situation
right now I've got a little Piggly
Wiggly right here's nothing with meat
and I've also got a piggy wiggity on my
pajamas she's now getting jealous
because Mike is here cuddling with
squidge you might be missing out this
dog has the worst FOMO of any dog I've
ever known in my entire life formal
that's gonna be it for today guys say
night-night everybody
night-night Lapage
you
