good morning beautiful people were up
bright and early today after a very late
night last night as you didn't drink too
much day so I feel really keen we're
gonna go and have some breakfast now I
don't want to check out this room like
ever I feel like we've had the most
incredible surreal totally like
out-of-this-world spoilt experience
yesterday and today it's just been
really amazing so yeah we're saying
goodbye to this you and we're gonna get
some breka the menu in here is so
ridiculous I want everything and they
have Japanese breakfast I want to go
back to Japan so bad it won't be as good
as it was in Japan there is so much
tasty stuff I actually can't decide what
to have Mike's having eggs florentine
because he always gets it
I'm thinking maybe Cornish crab with
English muffin and Friday or toasted
bagel with salmon and cream cheese or
Japanese breakfast or healthy breakfast
or anything basically because it all is
tasty this is my breakfast the crab on
the muffin which is actually really well
sized normally have so much food might
double the amount in his age Florentine
but it looks amazing
we are currently driving out central
enjoy driving up the mouth towards
Buckingham Palace Oh go home no Pimm's
check this out I've never driven up it
before not in a taxi or a bus this is
very very cool and it's a beautiful day
pretty epic view right now and the Queen
is home yeah she is she's in there
somewhere
she waxing Max and relaxing apparently
Mike's just told me it's not if the
Union Jack's if anyone knows when the
Queen is here
Oh jack nothing's the real sound if I
might be wrong google it now let me see
whether Barossa wrong okay
check out the horse and carriage old
school it's not like a Queen's one as
well it's a royal one thanks I think
it'd be see them anymore that's so cool
and old school like not a touristy one
they're actually like legit legit
we're on the road again but bad news is
guys I've got the flu
best spelling yet is probably maybe
slightly beaten by the flu is a pretty
good guess
I don't want to see the inside of a car
again for a good few weeks I will tell
you more about that when it happens on
the plus side we have stopped off at
Starbucks and got a taste this is
probably good so anyway I got this is a
really really good one as well I got a
chai tea latte with soy milk and no
water that's how I like my chai tea
latte how do you think so T latte with
no water in it basically it's all syrup
and milk instead of syrup milk and water
which water sit down is that a little
pinky bark I can hear behind the door I
am just writing Mike's Valentine's Day
card which is a day late because I
forgot it and I haven't written I know
if people are gonna be like why haven't
you written it you're such a rubbish
wife I've meant to take it with me
skiing and write it when I was there way
before Valentine's Day and I forgot it
so I didn't but I basically got him
legend on blu-ray which he then ended up
downloading before he knew that I got it
for him so we have a hard copy this
cover is so cool look at that awesome I
think it's worth it just for that anyway
so he's already got that but he wanted
it enough to bite himself so I feel like
it was a good present and this is his
card I'm gonna write in the message I
really love this is from Paper Chase
have a little hot sticker stick on the
back and then I've got some heart
sweeties as well because your
Valentine's Day present Valentine's Day
present
I let me guess that it is easier boxes
chocolates no no no so DVDs look how
cool the cover is look at it changes
even though you've already got it I've
got it things from me romantically did
buy the card about three weeks ago they
oh it's cool my sweet one since Queen
wants it I do I am you Oh squidge you
gg-get you're so mean
I love you more than sushi makeup
handbags puppies popcorn shoes
sunshine mountains dummies him found him
some gin and tonic even done
thank you very much well done I think
Valentines belatedly yesterday when you
and still on golf really hard I think
next year just having some chill time
with my squidge she's having some major
chills I'm on the sofa I missed you my
girl I missed you
he matched the rug don't you in for
spotty rug which was actually a wedding
present from Nicki and dad we've used
this rug so much we have to wash it like
every week because we literally sleep in
it on the sofa and the dog sleep in it
and everybody loves cuddling on it what
are you doing you upside down you defer
yeah the phone what's going on in here
huh what's going on in here you're so
cute I can't even do it
do you like my smelly socks do you you
are a funny little one super super
exciting we have many deliveries that
have arrived for the house I'm going to
show you - well one but two things
because their bedside tables for our
room have arrived
I believe Mike is unpacking while at the
moment have you unpacked another one
already is it we go look so here is the
bedside table I'm super excited the
green carpet will also be going soon and
the proper bed with a headboard will be
coming soon but this is what they look
like they have three little drawers in
them don't know what I'm going to keep
in there they're not very big drawers
how exciting I just cannot wait for our
bedroom to be finished I don't think
these lamps are staying in here these
are these are actually from the spare
room so probably be getting different
lamps if you guys have any lamp
recommendations let me know but yeah
these are on your bedside tables pretty
plain and simple you can see my feet in
them and the green carpet which just
kills me this green carpet kills me and
all of my luggage so much unpacking to
do but they kind of match the mirror as
well there's also just like a rail of
clothing that needs to be put away they
match the mirror - oh and the other
thing I didn't show you guys the new
wardrobe doors are here
they're quite similar in style to the
previous ones because we've kept the
layout the same but we've basically
changed like they were really twee
before and they had like they just
really weren't very nice so what we're
gonna do with these and they also
weren't easy to paint because they were
like lacquered fake wood so what we're
gonna do is paint all of these the same
color as the wall and they're just
really classic I also needed to decide
on handles if you guys have any
recommendations of handles that you
think would go either I quite like the
like long bar ones for these you know
like the long skinny cuz I want to put
those on but I don't if it would look
too much all like Mike thinks too much
or like little little handles we'll see
anyway super super exciting the bedroom
is coming along squid I don't think
you're meant to be on there with a ball
I you know no no no we've also taken
delivery of the sofa for our bedroom
which is from made calm it is tiny it's
the awesome sofa I'm hoping it's gonna
be good I forgot to say as well the
bedside tables are from a company called
sweet PM willow and yeah I'll put a link
to them if I can find it on in the info
bar below but yeah I'm really happy with
them and I can't wait to get the sofa
upstairs we weren't actually gonna put
it upstairs until the carpets have gone
in but the carpets going on going in for
like three weeks so it's either gonna
stay in the hallway or go in our bedroom
so seeing as it's not very heavy I think
we're gonna put in the bedroom so I'll
show you guys what it looks like turns
out we couldn't find the legs and they
they like put them in the bottom awesome
wheels on the back I reckon a piggy a
twiglet no squidge have you been
knocking things off the bed piglet has
decided because there's no carpet in
here god knows what they were doing here
it looks like they varnished around the
carpet
who knows anyway because there's no
carpet in here piggy doesn't like wooden
floors since she's standing here barking
at us
Pete you can go from there to there come
on now you worse what's that were you
what so you she's like what me it wasn't
me barking no no no here's the sofa I
have one cushion on it because the other
cushion we washed all of the cushions
when we took our bedroom apart and I
can't find the stuffing I mean I have to
go on a stuffing hunt to find the inside
of this
and if anyone is wondering these
cushions were from TK Maxx ages ago
let's just pretend that one stuff for
the time being even though I didn't get
the iceweasel and the skiing fridge
magnet that I wanted the Saltzburg one
is going on the fridge in all its tacky
glory some might think Mike that the
animals happy to have you home where's
my space on this sofa guys I wanna
cuddle I was too slow to the party
those are people always ask why the cats
and every nerve logs it's because a lot
of the time they spend outside hunting
mice and just generally being
adventurous but tonight they're inside
with the dogs and they get along really
really well with the dog that she is
like pretty cool and managed to squish
in for cuddles into the giant snuggle
pile and that's what we're gonna be able
to say guys I'm in my PJs and my super
snuggly dressing-gown and I'm tired I
look awful today my eyes are so red but
yeah hopefully tomorrow gonna be back on
track I've spent all afternoon unpacking
and organizing and editing and just
trying to get everything done because
I'm home for two days and then back in
London on Thursday then we are heading
to Venice on Friday so I've got a lot of
stuff to do over the next couple of days
I'll see you tomorrow bye Kim say
goodbye goodbye goodbye no I ain't going
on I'm not say goodbye wait nobody got
time for that
I should say well Ashley miss one day
I'm going I know I got a question about
it when we met you know man
do you want to build a snowman who
actually on last day and we didn't have
one day ahead of ourselves anyway we
skip today today's the 14th Valentine's
Day
