hey guys so it's actually super owner of
literature's working up my haven't
spoken yet today and sound a bit croaky
it's about 25 plus 6 and today's little
pregnancy update vlog is going to be a
bit different because I actually got my
12-week scan today so I'm going to do a
little chat down here this morning and
then I'm going to take you along to risk
on how I'm feeling 11 weeks is fine
other than LA for week 11 and felt fine
actually worked out really well with jet
lag because I ended up like just
sleeping whereas normally with jet lag
I'll be awake like that 2 a.m. and when
they'll sleep and like get it really bad
especially LA I don't and why I get it
really bad in LA I do having said that
Asia's even worse than yet I'm just
baggage yet like normally and because I
was just like it all the time just like
I flipped which is really good actually
so 11 weeks of fine I felt right still
fell bit sick but fine and then we got
home and last week this past week has
been the worst week everyone's like oh
yeah like after week 12 like well week
12 itself has got worked
I think jet like combined with like
morning sickness and feeling tired was
the worst thing ever and then I've also
started to get headaches and feel a bit
dizzy which is also apparently normal
for your second trimester because your
Bloods doing crazy things for your blood
pressure kind of changes so getting
disease is normal and whatever so that's
fine but I felt absolutely crap for the
past week and then this weekend May
actually has the run divorce half
marathon which I didn't run and I was
really gutted because it's something
that I'd organised but my doctor was
like don't do it if you're not fit
enough already so he was trained for
half marathon
when your presents are well okay but
then actually on the day like quite a
lot of the girls weren't that fit and
then of that walking most of it so I was
like they could have walked it but then
a lot of my friends like you didn't you
wouldn't have known that and if you have
if they're all been really fit and
running
two water years felt like really silly
never always in view at the end so it's
kind of gossip I did like psycho net and
I'm fine but I break nothing about that
my hip is still clicking I don't know if
I've mentioned this before but basically
my hip every step I take to pass like
three weeks my hips clicks on the hurts
clicks I'm a bit worried about that
because my sister when she was pregnant
with Lulu's a second baby she had really
bad problems with her pelvis from about
five months which is actually really
early to explain is not that heavy then
yeah I'm quite worried about can I turn
into something like my sister has and
I'll be like limping around which won't
be good but we'll see what happens and
then today is day of the 12-week scan
we're actually going down to London cuz
that's where I've been having my scan
and I have a few meetings and other
stuff we decide to do it down there
mainly because I'm down in London all
the time so it kind of easy to kind of
like loop it and with work and we also
live quite really here so I the nearest
place to doing here would be half an
hour away anyway so my scans in London
and I get results the harmony yesterday
as well which I actually already know
that it's low risk because I ran out I
had the test three weeks ago when I was
ten weeks on just 13 weeks out because
they were closed last week I couldn't
have I can go and pick up the results in
person last week and I'm like if you
really want to know just ring up we we
will contact us at high-risk but if you
want to know so when I was in America I
rang up and they said we can tell you
it's low risk and there's nothing to
worry about that's all we can tell you
on the phone sorry I keep sneezing a lot
if you're wondering why I found a bit
sniffing I hope I'm not getting another
cold I really hope that would suck I've
just closed there another called yes I
signed up it's a boy or a girl today
which we're really excited about it so
we're like I think it's a boy and
originally I really want to go might
really wanted a boy and we're both like
kind of joking obviously neither of us
care like we're going to be happy
whatever it is as long as it's okay but
I've now convinced myself of my mind
that it's a boy and I just really think
it is so now I think if it's a girl I'll
be like we're disappointed I don't know
obviously
I know because I look like it was
surreal from time ago anyway it's that
exciting and as he goes along have
actually had one other on the tummy scan
like proper ultrasound and it's the best
thing ever
it is just so surreal and I thought it's
a way I got really emotional afterwards
like it a lot people are like oh it's
the baby ones I'm just like and then I
walked out like it's acting real so yeah
come along with us we will see what's in
there other thing I wanted to say is now
whenever I just want to have to bump
because I feel just like chubby and
because I haven't told you to get
matching the talents this weekend and
it's Tuesday today um will tell you guys
and it's really starting to get me down
a little bit because I've put on a few
pounds I just know with social media I'm
putting up this video to tomorrow with
Charlotte Tilbury and I just flipped
chubby and I know people are going to
comment on it I know a lot of people are
going to comment saying I'm pregnant
which you're right but still like you
shouldn't say it if you don't know it
because it's me and no other people but
I always put on a few pounds I'm like
arms that reach I'll be I'm just like
miserable of feeling like I put on a few
pounds as opposed to being pregnant like
where I think if you have the bump you
like I'm pregnant guys give me a break
with a few extra pounds around the arms
and legs and stuff so that getting me
down a little bit obviously like the
bigger picture matters maybe doesn't
matter but yeah I just want to be able
to tell everybody so I don't just look
like I'm games the reason and it worries
me as well like I've always ever since I
was a teenager I always like struggled
with my weight a little bit I not I've
been like trying to keep it off but like
personally like I'm always like worried
about my way I usually quite an
overweight young kid so between about
actually more than that long with
between about 10 12 I was quite chubby
child and then I lost it was about 1314
and I think that's made me like really
conscious of my way
always and it's not something I normally
talk about but obviously like I've never
I've never really been like super like
I'm going to love my body never been one
of those people is really confident in
that sense I wish I was and if that
makes being on social media really hard
sometimes because like a lot of bloggers
you see if everyone so slim and
beautiful and I think you know sometimes
it makes you question yourself and you
try and be like fuzzy positive or
whatever and I'm real where like I'm
quite a small person anyway but for me
putting on weight is like it's not happy
not happy saying even though it's for a
happy reason so yeah come on bump pick
out a bit more
but yeah so let's go to London and let's
have this car looking a little bit more
put together now guys we're on our way
to station and I'm here with Mike how
are you feeling in week 11 and 12 have
you been seeing the last TV Department
even with a very hormonal one I didn't
have one major breakdown little bit of a
meltdown about gold but it's okay we
resolved it we figured out that I can
still think of it alone but ya know I'm
really excited like yeah I mean let's
face it I'm the one with the most to
lose at once it's a girl then you're
going to be surrounded by women all of
the dogs are girls the cats are girls
I'm a girl I'm just touching come on
fingers go it's the mic really want
I also be happy with the girls at once
itself but yeah I forgot to mention that
um a little update I had like a super
emotional freaking meltdown and like
what not crying sobbing our about Mike
playing golf when I wanted to spend
Friday night with me when I spent all
week in a low version being pregnant as
you crazy
or you're just creating about a little
bit as well maybe so the first stop was
blood tests done it took eight little
vials and blood rushing really quick and
we're now on our way to the scan this
one is like seriously limp it looks like
you're the one that was going to the
doctor like I need the doctor can it can
I describe music we just got out of the
scan guys and
today because I think it was rigged
yesterday maybe me very very excited and
it was the maintenance and you got to
see so much and a little heartbeat enter
the sweet I'm going to insert some
pictures here because I was a really
awesome one I was so good so so good and
everything is normal and healthy and
yeah she's like low risk but everything
is so we're Sochi I feel like I'm still
totally like processing like I feel
isn't it weird wasn't it I feel I went
like me gray another stuff little bit
more stress with actual scan was so cool
and I got a bit emotional during I was
like surprised very very sick very bad
thing we didn't actually film it because
I wanted it it's so funny because I
thought I wanted to film there and I let
Pat Mike and then he was like charcoal I
know I just felt like and I was personal
and I didn't want to film like what
No I'm so excited and we just hold up
hair and and lovely yeah so it's like to
tell our friends
