good morning everyone welcome to the
14th of February I should say as well I
actually missed one day of vlogging I
know I'll get questions about it when we
were skiing we meant to do a snowman do
you want to build a snowman video of
that but we actually lost a light on the
last day and we didn't have to chance to
do it so we're one day ahead of
ourselves anyway we skip today today is
the 14th it's Valentine's Day happy
Valentine's Day well it's funny you
should say that ok where we went away I
forgot one thing
and to be honest I think it's probably
one of the better things I could have
forgot I think I find the more crucial
things I mean because I remember my
passport my phone my camera all that
important stuff and may have forgotten
like silent I say card and so he's gonna
have to have it a day late Mike actually
did get me a gift and a card which he
didn't forget I'll show you in a bit
because it's I laughed from full on like
three minutes of the card is the best
cop I've ever had in my life we are now
on our way to fill current with fuel and
then we are popping in to my flats to
have a look now I didn't expect to be
able to see it today I thought we're
gonna go tomorrow because the build is
on Thursday and I didn't think we'd
brought the spare key however Mike
pointed out that we left a spare key
sister's house which we've now taken so
we're gonna go and be able to actually
see the flat the first time since the
renovation started I'm Way too excited
way too excited oh I'm going to show you
because I want to do like a full flat
tool but it oh my god it looks so good I
want to cry it looks amazing
I'll give you a sneak peek of the light
fitting oh no I am now in liberties
before it's opened which is it a little
bit over exciting for me and I've picked
up my nan dress as I told you guys
before it's not a dress and yeah I'm
really excited I just want to go
shopping that it's not open yet it's
really quiet as well because normally
I'm not allowed to film in shops they
have to be really covert and like try
and film sneaky sneaky vibe allowed to
film would have a good ah it's a pretty
epic chandelier also snuck into the
Liberty's beauty Hall before it's open
way too exciting currently on my way to
find the room mics were checked in
without me
he's running a tiny tiny bit late as
always
hello there's also um some fruity little
behind me I think delightful I'm gonna
do a proper room tour on my main channel
video but I'm just going to show you
this because it's hilarious and the view
oMG look at that they say an exciting
what else can you see Big Ben the London
Eye
where's in my foot oh yeah mi5 London on
mi5 is that way yes that way mmm-hmm is
that way because it's over towards who
knows we've got the Royal Festival Hall
yeah very pretty building the one next
to its the National Theatre I think me
yes
along the south bank beautiful and yeah
you're gonna see the whole rest of the
room tour in my video but what I'm going
to show you in this video is Mike's card
for Valentine's Day this is the best
card I've ever received in my life
Valentine's voyage and when you do this
they like row look well I'm trying to do
one hand it's quite tricky row row row
your boat
they've got bottle of Rose a beautiful
and look what else this is my gift from
Mike he got me two tickets to see and
this Doctor Faustus we're Harrington
John Snow yeah I'm not taking naina C
kit harington in real life on stage well
it's over it's not really currently half
with redoing my makeups they look a
little bit crazy but I wanted to show
you guys
Mike's little snack that he's having
short little snag because the ceremony
tonight is not all the dinner after the
ceremony tonight is not until 10:00 p.m.
we are getting some late lunch in Mike
ordered afternoon tea look at this who's
that like film themed afternoon tea you
i Larry's about crossbones I'm so
stealing one and then I got a little
salad with prawns you can have some of
mine
overkill over
kill Mike oMG you guys we got ready just
in time we have been filming this is the
most hideous lighting ever I'm gonna
take stuff in here we've been filming
outfit video and everything and we're
ready to go I can't believe we just did
that in time it feels like a manic manic
rush but we made it and went after the
BAFTAs Mike looks rather dashing in his
tuxedo not that you can see everyone
sees that gives us a spin love James
Bond but in the car now stuck in traffic
just to make me even more nervous I feel
like we've got matching outfits on this
evening
no no no you're not coming out like that
there's a butt line okay so the butler
just stopped like a sec so you can't go
out like that
yeah she's retied my babies under
pressing my shirt I think it's gonna
find John so we've arrived
this is the red carpet
she's having fun
sorry you're still too small heels right
now it's like you're in the hood on one
of these college kids very cool we just
arrived for dinner and it looks amazing
in here
it's so beautiful in here all of the
tables are inspired by the best film
nominations
it's just the coolest thing ever and our
table is inspired by Carol
good job Disney
a month
oh no guys I promised you I would vlog
about the pudding and then I ate it but
here's the remnants I know you've eaten
less than me but there was some
chocolate hair some popcorn over some
caramel and some ice cream and it was
really tasted oh it was that good I
almost ate all of it already I've got
some peppermint tea Cheers
misty white shoes with the teeth no it
asked you anymore gotta love the
peppermint tea so I've gone for the
full-on suit look now and just stole the
Mike's jacket because it's we're just
swapping sharing and caring so we are
now on our way back to the hotel we had
such a good night
that's movie I'm saying I hope you
enjoyed this video
massive thanks everyone for taking us we
had such a good time and we'll see you
again tomorrow for another day
