Lisak cereal at seven o'clock in the
morning and we are on the road again
we're on the road again so many other
people are getting in their cars right
now that's around this I'm driving I
feel tired and more importantly leaving
the mountains and going home hang on
she's letting you information I spy with
my little eye something beginning with
sausages so I've got a funny story for
you guys got a grumpy story Mike's been
slamming doors and everything were you
on the road for about 45 minutes when we
got call from mom and dad's friend
Marvin who was skiing with saying now
now we're just checking my boot bag for
for something have you got my boot bag
in the car were like yeah yes in our car
in the middle of everything so can see
all this what had he left auto so we
pulled over and now as you wait for them
to come and meet us duffer of the week
left his skis on the mountain he picked
up the wrong skis on the mountain well
says you
he left his gondola um he got the he
left his skis at home yeah that's what
I'd say right now sharpen up but at
least we saw two sauces all we did see
tubes just on a beagle and approves the
people we miss anything
this is what we're going through right
now
rubbish only just stop snowing as well
my kid rum
so we're five hours in of the worst
traffic ever I'm guessing you're not
feeling great know that we had to wait
and such power Murph in his passport
screwed us over
we're now heading in it looks like as a
Burger King in this one we're gonna be
healthier on this trip okay sure Mike
went for a Burger King again same again
I saw the chip already my checks are
really good aya managed to find this
though this time slightly more healthy
if I guess with cheese and veggies well
it's got tomato and cucumber and salad
in it and then Mike went and ruined AK
by buying not one not two but three
different kinds of confectionery
sorcerer what kind of inferior choice is
this Perabo conflict but fizzy peaches
which are okay they're not the best he's
got the best taste what he did by those
coconut fried milk who would dine barber
and Joe I gave me coconut sprite well
you were speaking English to every last
Germans he should have made a bit more
of an effort and if you're not watching
I'll just take that one's got something
on it it definitely needs eating by me
it may or may not have been sleeping in
the car hence my hair looks like this
but on the plus side above my neck
pillow
my pillow which makes it so much easier
like this we've been so unlucky on the
weight again then we're heading back
through france to calais and onto the
train companies we're going to the
baptistry I could not look less fancy
glass shall we play a game
Crockett's were you doing I was waiting
for it to focus shall we play a game I
don't know do you know any good games
film honestly it's a little bit of bad
weather somehow he's got a bit dark
pretty bad burning I need to concentrate
horses okay
can we put on an audiobook this is an
audio book as
Mike's not the revered casbah film
review clubs in in New Zealand it's not
making your film Elysium Museum that's
bollocks talking out your eyes mayor is
in Kermit mayor's film reviews like why
apply the dark film through the weakness
just chatting about their British
finally got the Calais to the ferry
terminal this is it's looking very non
exciting but how many hours later just
worn out 12 hours it's taken us to get
here yeah weren't we've missed our train
by now there so hopefully a nice gentle
on there all sorts so hey will we go
going onto the train we're also
listening to a girl on the train which
like everyone seems to be really at the
Meister so we're listening to the
audiobook because we finished cereal
both seasons listen to the last three
episodes of the first season and all the
updates and the whole of the second
season so far on the way here so yeah
we're on the we're on the big carry at
this time which has got more space with
all the van no you don't special wheels
reflection on my face hmm we're finally
windscreen and we finally arrived in
London it is almost half past 9 a long
day in the car we've also ordered some
sushi to arrive
hopefully ASAP because I am hungry and
we're staying at my sister's flat
tonight because our flat is out of
action because it's just getting redone
as you guys know so that's what we're
doing I feel like a zombie
I'm very naughty and I didn't finish my
vlog last night we got back and ate food
and that she went straight back because
we're both so tired I've never seen Mike
go to sleep so quickly he literally fell
onto the bed and was
yeah that's coming up for today's vlog
sorry it's been a bit boring it's been
like the world's most boring day we've
just put the car all day but I'll see
you tomorrow for the BAFTAs very
exciting it's also Valentine's Day so
you never know there might be some
romantic things going on yeah t-tomorrow
hi guys good morning guys it is our last
day we are saying up tonight let's ride
back tomorrow but today is our last s
King and it's read truth energies day
I've got my yellow suit on I'm gonna
show you everyone else's outfit gonna be
hilarious earning everyone I'll be
