good morning guys it is our last day
skiing today I'm so sad
we are staying over tonight because it's
driving back tomorrow but today is our
last day of skiing and it's retro 80s
day I've got my yellow suit on I'm gonna
show you everyone else's outfit it's
gonna be hilarious I think everyone in
our group has one because there's eight
of us but there are going to be some
hilarious outfits on the slopes today we
are sitting and having a breakfast and a
breakfast room on our own because
everyone else is still asleep like as
they are lazy kids basically I think we
can hear back to our regular slot of
9:00 a.m. leaf house yesterday we left
8:30 and we got some really really good
skiing in the beginning before them in
the beginning in the morning but it's
looking like those blue skies up there
I've just had our breakfast I didn't
vlog it because I was so hungry I
basically ate it like fantastic mr. Fox
I cried but I had most of the remnants
of it I also put a plaster on so it's
got the that's a bit gross isn't it's
got the back things on the place from my
first airing too much em TMI I had a
roll look at these roses and some cheese
and some smoked salmon what did you have
I had one of those rolls with not one
backs in the onesie it's ready for him
oh yeah so mum is about to be wearing
this onesie are you not mum have you
decided you're not wearing it that you
wear my onesie and you won't even wear
it I'm wearing it because that's way
cooler than the one I was gonna wear so
we're in the eighties onesies right now
I actually ended up swapping with bum
Mike's and his laundry's and we've got
this which it lights up doesn't it yeah
we're gonna put it on nerves helmet cuz
Smurf is won the worldly award of the
holiday for being the silliest and
forgetting everything every opportunity
oh he must have taken out his room maybe
we can
yeah that's kisi didn't fits against
wearing it we found the helmet the
worldly award in presenting this needs
to go with Garrett's pink Takanashi we
need to this needs to go under what a
lovely day for an 80 ski day you guys
fail the ball from Mouse princess have
you two more effort next time we've got
a bit of an issue or so my glasses keep
fogging we've stopped for a cheeky
little hot chocolate break with rum and
comes the little biscuit to this one oh
yeah I'm having my favourite lunchtime
snack on the mountain of gum noodle
which is basically like a bread dumpling
with like plummy sauce in the middle
vanilla custard and then there's got
this vanilla icing stuff on the top it's
so good
those left now because it's so cold
today
lost another holiday unless you want to
go tonight ski tonight but thank you I'm
not sure I do I do more skiing making
fun of mom she got in the right stuff
because she wasn't in i-80 so today cuz
she's not wearing a maid's outfit sucks
to you sucks to do mom
so it's a little bit later now and we
are going on a secret mission because we
got back and chilled out I had a shower
Mike book jackass on was watching
jackass and all of a sudden I was like
we didn't get no mice weasel every time
we come skiing
either's Austria France we get a stuffed
Marmot that we caught I suppose it's
kind of like a in joke with a lot of our
friends and we forgot to get one this
year and we're leaving first thing in
the morning it's currently what's the
time 6:35 we're going to shop got a bad
feeling all of the shops we closed I
need two supermarkets for our best bet
we also need a fridge magnet from very
around we need to find what all of the
TAT shops appear to be closed that's the
shot we needed the tat shop shop we've
done oh no we're gonna have to go to the
supermarket this week oh no I think
that's closed as well moment of truth is
the supermarket still open it's our last
bet they better have fridge magnets got
slippers on in the supermarket right now
this is an all-time low and Mike's
looking a particularly fabulous well the
good news is open
they have postcards they don't seem to
have magnets bad news guys at times
turns out the supermarket does not sell
ice weasels or fridge magnets ultimate
fail holiday fail on the plus side we
had the most epic final day skiing the
Sun was out it was glorious the skiing
was amazing we had our retro eighties
onesies on it was
fan Debbie dozy now we are off back to
the chalet to have our final meal we're
heading home tomorrow so driving home
any other shops that might be open I'm
really got it I reckon the mana shop
what I'm gonna leave in the morning sir
seven leaving out seven or getting up at
seven just gets worse and worse
something for my seat belt on hello
there
so I'm in bed right now in case you
couldn't tell and I just wanted to
finish the vlog and say I'm going to bed
and it's been such a good week I'm
really sad that the holiday is over
we're going home tomorrow at 7 in the
morning I don't want to go I'm very very
sad and we had a really nice meal that's
about it Mike is asleep clock he's going
to sleep which is the movie on which has
Kristen Stewart and actually the social
network come over the name of it it
looks quite murderous right now I want
to show you as well my hand because the
bruise is actually started to come out
before oh he looks freaky looking at min
this it's really but before the bruise
like wasn't there you guys can really
see anything but now that's the bruise
from when I fell over in the shower be
careful in the shower kids that's the
story what an idiot that's gonna be a
day I'll see you all tomorrow for our
long drive home okay good morning guys
so you may notice I've got wet hair
today and I remember one day I'm not in
ski gear because we are having a bit of
a mixer
they start off with I'm not going there
were a lot of book work to do I've got
so much writing and my deadline is the
day off and we kept back from skiing so
that's one minute this morning Mike here
