good morning guys so you may notice I've
got wet hair today and I'm in one onesie
I'm not in ski gear because we are
having a bit of a mix it up day today to
start off with I'm not skiing because I
what a lot of book work to do I've got
so much writing and my deadline is the
day after we kept back from skiing so
that's why I'm unity this morning Mike
here is also controversially
snowboarding this morning so he's got a
lesson booked and it's a good day not to
be out skiing because it is pelting it
down with snow which I'm kind of jealous
because it means they'll have good to
know at the top but it will be probably
a whiteout so definitely a good day
Natsuki and another thing that happened
last night I wasn't vlogging yesterday
so I couldn't document this but you know
skiing is an extreme sports injuries
going on during the week bloody glove
what injury do I get I slip over in the
shower and mess up my thumb can you see
that if you make him say it's like it's
like really swollen basically in a
shower let's reenact it so I was talking
to Mike and I was like open the door
went to get in the shower and because I
don't want to get my hair wet I kind of
like stepped here to go around it and my
foot went oh and then I hit the deck
down here and it hurt didn't it
documentation wait hold this so this is
my normal hand here and then this is my
handy so I hit it there it's all swollen
fail at least it's not my leg and I can
still ski with it get some breaks yes
chop chop some fruit for breakfast this
morning and some smoked salmon I'm gonna
have scrambled exterior and coffee MDF
for you nervous about your lesson yeah
we're up early this is like nobody else
since then I think it's gonna be cool
because it's no freshmen and see whether
I've got the skills to manage I want to
come and see can I come watch it this
afternoon
they thought well if I'm boarding the
sauce in it you know yeah to come and
join you cover you and snow when you're
on the floor so this is my work station
for the day look at the windows so
amazing it's actually really light in
here so I think it's gonna be a good
place to work the snow is still coming
down and I've got my coffee I've got my
laptop I'm doing
writing and I've got my phone as well
which I'm just checking Instagram every
now and again you know hopefully I'm
gonna get some stuff done and then I can
ski this afternoon well my second coffee
of the morning out there is still
snowing but I've managed to get quite a
bit of writing done so far I'm hoping I
can finish this chapter and get our
skiing this afternoon however Mike yet I
hope his snowboarding is going well I
can't wait to see what's Noble it's a
funny look his back how are you tired
how was that was really a fun place so
hard it's tough he said I was using
pressed he said I've got a turning close
to it
drifting both ways I was drifting so
like you kind of like just like turning
both ways I switched side like when you
like cannot use feeling like you've got
your leg and then you turn around and I
need your board I don't know I think
it's something I will like keep in mind
it's cool that it's cool to have you
know it's good to do things we have to
do but yeah so like today when is
today's better later skiing so might be
cool to do today well it is real snowing
this is what he means but it's a better
day for skiing yeah so it's like easier
there's the board
yeah the pause is tough enough time
should watch reduce afternoon do you
want to ski do you want an ADD ski well
he dropped the camera yeah I quite fancy
just chilling from a study because I'm
tired my legs hurt squab work and I was
walking up the slopes not gonna get all
snacks we can we gave us snacks I don't
know I mean yeah I've nearly finished
writing my chapter I'm writing I'm
finishing off the fashion shops today
and I'm always finished it were like
another page to do and then we can go
yet snacking done snapples
we can venture out into the snow
we're going up the mountain on foot this
afternoon to get some lunch and mom and
dad were nearly flipped and nearly
flipped over fall over and I guess he
forgot his ski pass my jacket so we're
gonna have to try and sneak through the
barriers sneak through you're gonna have
to like tailgate yeah okay you might do
again sneaky sneaky it worked
turns out jeans are actually really cold
in the snow I should put my ski jacket
rather snowy up here that's fine if it's
no because there's nobody really skiing
it's brilliant let's go and get a
gluhwein and a bit of a snack my lunch
has arrived I've got a
interesting-looking lentil casserole
which I've never had before but mum
that's not the same thing you hmm
how do you screen today you have a good
time my god my god it's cold now
watching it was it big hero 6 yeah
that's really good so far as a kid's
film but I am enjoying it and it's
finally stopped snowing that looks
really nice it's gonna be such good snow
tomorrow morning that we're just getting
ready to go out for dinner I'm not
entirely sure what's going on right now
but Mike he's sitting there in his pants
listening to guardians of the galaxy
soundtrack
sometimes I wonder the snow is still
coming down check this out arrived I got
the mushroom ravioli and the boys are
all rather smug a moment with Mike
take away because chips oh yeah there's
also a lot of red Thai curry going on at
the table right it's gonna be a stinky
evening to know it's so quiet tonight
which is come on the restaurant Mike's
the only person in the street
are you surest you're grumpy tonight you
want to go home everyone's like let's go
for drinks Mike no I'm doing whom I'm
going home it would be to sleep so we've
just got back from dinner we had the
most hilarious snowball fight right
after I just finished vlogging Mike and
I were outside before everybody else and
my mum came out and I threw a snowball
and smack her right in the face
and it makes me started this giant kids
first as well we're not kids we're older
than that but like kids vs. parents a
snowball fight which ended with me
getting my mum inside in faith which she
has fouled for revenge I think you
instigate again well I kind of Pender in
so I came in behind mine
smashed it won you quite brittle I was
brutal the dude that helps cooks our
food yeah so we've had a nice shot of
j√§ger bread warm up the old cockles and
we're now if you just want a movie it's
not the same one as last night as it
yeah well I'm gonna sleep it's like kill
me three times or something yeah killed
me once last night
yeah didn't make it through it last
night so we'll try today we're getting
up super early tomorrow and go skiing
because it's been snowing all day today
and the snow tomorrow is gonna be epic
so we'll see you then good bye hey guys
what's up today Mike and I are doing a
Q&A video
in place of the same kind of ski blog
that like I said in my previous videos
we do think like every other day a daily
blog over here and then something
different every day
yo we have got some questions we've also
got T my keys
