hey guys what's up so today Mike and I
are doing a Q&A video in place of the
same kind of ski vlog so like I said in
my previous videos we're doing like
every other day a daily vlog whilst
we're here and then something different
every other day
yo we have got some questions we've also
got t-mike speak we've got some cake and
coffee and I've got my laptop in front
of me and we're taking questions from
the video that went up a couple of days
ago I've also got the first question is
hang on
the first question is are you smoking or
whose ashtray is out on the balcony from
the room tour the answer that question
is no neither of a smoke day no it's
actually I think from the previous
people that were staying in my room and
ashtray was there or it might be people
next door because we like share a
balcony but it's not us we don't smoke
where's a country or prep there's a
country or place you might would like to
visit and why yes I think the me I'd
like to go to I know we did a very
sneaky peek there but I want to go see
our friend in Kenya because I think that
is an amazing place that I would like to
go visit and see the wildlife I would
like to go to Bali
I've always want to go to Bali and I did
not say that happening losing in Japan I
think you doesn't I've done Japan but I
wanna go back Japan ever been next
question so fede asked what's the best
thing about being married
so bad to be honest I mean I can't
really think of many good things going
skiing together and seeing epic views
like that outside the window I mean
occasions going for the first time today
occasionally like just I know having
laughington times and best thing about
being married is probably having you
around I think we married is like she's
having the best buddy with the awesome
yeah you're like a team team huh
Holly Murphy says I met you guys at
Topshop meetup in NYC and I was talking
to Mike about dogs and how much I want
one and I was wondering would you guys
ever get another dog or is 3 your max I
think another dog would be too many I
would really like another sausage dog no
I really would like that sausage time
choosing the next dog and it's going to
be a Beall a beagle would be cool yeah
I'm a kin another let's run away the
magic pigment and the beagle together I
think probably another four maybe five
years until get another me sure yeah
quite a while I think can you hold the
camera at my hand side turbit case you
guys miss I think it will be when I know
it's tomorrow's vlog basically I fell
over in the shower and messed my hand
that little swollen xed question is from
Aisha Harris she says what is your
second book gonna be about how much yes
this is closer I've got a video going up
about it on I think it's Monday or the
next Friday
anyway all of my scheduling is crazy all
over the place mostly but yeah there's a
video kind of all about it going up on
my main channel next week so watch out
for that a lot of you tense jingle of
cutlery in that point there's bit yeah I
don't know what did I like that so jess
crimson asks where's your diary from Flo
I'm looking for new one it's from Paper
Chase
this is no because it's on the video on
the things with video imported cake but
I'm Morgan free have you ever been to
Prague no we haven't
yeah would like to do um I'm gonna go
down here because I need a bit of elbow
rest it's not acceptable your angle
Albert question for Mike from
you know de Laos deloused Elsa what is
your favorite looks that flirt us my
hand hurts nice just kind of crazy um
you're just normal look I'd quite like I
don't think you need to cook you don't
like too much makeup do you know I think
it's normal at school
that'll be my answer to that one Janet's
touch Maria's asked us how old when you
first took up skiing what are the
strengths I look in my home there's
three questions from Janet how are you
first what are we allowed to take our
secrets I was 9 and my Christine yeah 14
but then you didn't ski until you're
like 21 and I do ask what are the
strengths of your dogs breeds and what
made you choose them so I wanted a
dachshund because I cute and fluffy
no spring is because I like has not the
personality of a spaniel because they're
happy and enjoyable and I always want to
dog that book play because I had a rough
collie as a kid when it was quite a
quiet dog and I'd like a dog that wants
to play fetch run around with me and
just be crazy like me and piglet I want
a piglet mainly because the way she
looked but also because the lawn I don't
wanted long head once ever sure had one
because the long head ones are more
cuddly and they're related to spaniels
so they're very like lovey and then she
also asks another one she's like who is
the top dog
squish squish boss she is the boss
Alyssa Howard asked have you ever skied
backwards if that what if that's
possible it is possible I haven't
because I have a whim I have my my old
skis which shows my use occasionally our
twin tip skis and they are very good for
that indeed for going backwards yes you
see the house you are in now is your
forever home from Led indigo probably
you know no I don't know is the honest
answer that I think will be that for
some time but I think it is a very nice
house to raise a family in one day
cloud is that and then someone else
I hate sweet tier so user name so it's
not really great news
um question don't you guys usually go
skiing with friends
yes well I'm talking we're skiing this
year was controversial
so yeah but we do the last three as
we've gone with friends and then before
that we went with family so we kind of
mix it up every time I like that one
there Oh Mike can't even have a little
space for his toiletries without flare
making a negative criticizing comment
this funny stuff for me without fun
dream vacation for you my suppose it
kind of said that already I'm sorry um
what made you realize that my crystal
one for you Jesus
I didn't ever realize yeah um just
because he's amazing that's why thank
you
why yeah I haven't talked about eight
minutes that's what we have to say guys
see you tomorrow for a normal one
without let's dance spooning a time for
breakfast
we're all packed up I'm ready to go this
is the best part about coming stay with
Mike because he's so organized on you
basically walk out the door and he's
practically calm already well true Saint
and all I've just been saying if you
would love
