egg time for breakfast and just the
quick update guides the blue skies are
coming out they are up there somewhere
so we are all packed up and ready to go
this is the best part about coming
skiing with Mike because he's so
organized you basically walk out the
door and he's packed up I can't already
well trained what I've just been saying
those you love leave multicolored hit
fast you need it on pocket see mine need
it on my hips I go to read my map I'm
like oh so we just got the top of the
mountain and we're ready to roll and the
Sun is out are you excited fun yeah
don't wake me you stealing my boulders
my eye I'm all right in them at the
moment
Mike Sonny got those knife forgot my
sunglasses and I've only got this game
obvious you are the Rookie of the Year
that's often one so I'm gonna go
Oh filming yeah filming yeah since when
we long whiskey
I'll try I'm gonna go Cheers such a nice
day I wasn't expecting expecting
expecting faxing I wasn't expecting
sunshine sets epic
no Jesus so you're gonna kill me woman
No
so we're having a little bit of a break
on the side of the mountain we found
some sofas pretty chilled the round bar
as well my favorite type of bars app
I've got gluhwein in a foxy mug Mike's
got a very creamy looking partition so
we're vlogging on the left here we are
on the left six man lifts just me in my
so we just came down here yeah very nice
flesh it was it knows the one across
that was this on it was this it was it
was it was a bit bumpy though like is a
bit choppy yeah up top me show you got
sound around here is nice if you found
if you got the sides with the issues and
everyone was stopping the one thing
about skiing in the area that we're
skiing it's a lot of not very good
skiers including yeah my lunch has
arrived I got it's kind of like a
homemade cheesy is the end of our ski
day I had such a good day today actually
I feel like I really kind of improved my
skiing something in me just kind of I
got back into the rhythm of it and it
clicked I'm now just taking off my boots
and if any of you've been skiing before
it's the best feeling in the world
putting ugg boots on off the ski boots
feels so good
sadly offering Kat she hurt herself
today she hurt her ankle so she had to
come down earlier but I'm not sure where
she is we're gonna go and find her and
Gareth because she went over a jump in
the jug park and in
very well so how does what's happening
better not be filming my a sound like
you got your bum out we're back in the
shower now and I've got a afternoon
coffee I'm sitting here with my mama and
this one we have just had a coffee
mumsy teas and chocolate cake I don't
like chocolate cake getting a full
demonstration this is the chocolate cake
from the other night this was a birthday
cake for one of the other guests that is
spectacular is it not how was your day
Mike did you enjoy skiing am i running a
bit yeah good get in the groove a bit in
the groove what about you Dukey did you
have a good day yes did you ski like it
excuse me thank you yes I'm gonna have a
bath now and relax Maya tired feet I'll
have a diet coke and I want a diet coke
in the bath I don't know why you feel
like it stop craving and I just noticed
what's on mom's phone it's me and my dad
on my wedding day ah easy game so I'm
back in my room and I'm running a bar jo
Malone body wash I'm hoping it might
workers of Allah let him to working
pretty well as it Olaf and I actually
didn't use that much it was about this
full before so you think maybe Vince the
bit sick
it's bubbling up nicely and it smells
amazing like Baz Luhrmann is one of my
favorite like 40 wash scents from Jamie
likes it's really fresh downstairs
really right I think it's a lighting I
think just in case don't forget my name
Mike do are you is your name Jonathan or
Louise Sebastian I got this from whistle
that last year
and couldn't get it really 80s Flair
choker snacks
oh my gosh it was giant
so dinner was amazing I'm now getting
into bed so I was gonna sign off and say
good night to you all I sung it don't
know why I hope you all have a lovely
day I'll see you tomorrow for a special
Q&A with me and Mike yeah Mike's
impaired like half asleep already
I'll see you tomorrow night thank you
morning guys so today's videos gonna be
a little bit different cause I figured
we're skiing for a week when you ski you
pretty much do the same thing ski eat
drink repeat so I didn't want to do
seven days of six actually would be 76 I
love this game already seven days all
the same the owner
