good morning guys so today's video is
gonna be a little bit different because
I figured we're skiing for a week and
when you ski you pretty much do the same
thing ski eat/drink
repeat so I didn't want to do seven days
or six actually would be seven which is
six and a half days skiing in 187 days
all the same so what I'm gonna do is try
and alternate them between fun stuff I
might do a Q&A with me and Mike's if you
have any questions for me Mike then let
us know in the comments below but this
video is going to be a room tour of our
room overstaying and a little talk
through my outfit because the last video
I put up I've got tons of questions
about my jacket and my trousers also
when I that wasn't about yours Mike
because you did like a swamp monster
we'll get to that in a minute but yeah
when I mentioned my trousers a few days
ago as well when they're right
everyone's like where do you what yeah
that's mine putting on my clothes a good
look Mike it's a kid leg teat get it off
your stretch it would be all baggy on me
now you get we have the exact same
felices but just obviously I bought the
ladies side it's my command size so yeah
let's get into a room talk so this is a
door that you come in they come in never
door that you yeah but you can leave
that at this door as well or it could be
to the bathroom Mike don't be smug
configure you her and then you come in
and you've got all the wardrobes here
which we're keeping our own under
crackers and I said under crackers to a
friend of mine of the day and she was
like what do you mean I was like you
mean I'm de Graaff because I like
underwear anyone else call under
crackers underwear let us know well on
the way I'm gonna crack his last night
in the home alone anyway so we've got
all of our stuff down there it's not
very tidy and then on the other side on
the other side
there's some coats so this is just like
my coat and my scarf I wore the other
day and then my old ski jacket because
on this side we've got some hooks which
we've got a ski jackets on and Mike's
bag which I don't know what it's doing
there and my fleece like you know
and some drawers that we're not using
and then this is the room here is our
bed that was snoozing in and got some
water and Mike's watch and there's my
table and his phone and then this is
just a little desk which Mike is kind of
common did with his rubbish so he's got
his iPad and his laptop and hairdryer
this is my little kit that I take off
the mountain with me I love this makeup
bags from Liberty's I've caught some
chocolate in there some Sun cream and
that's it alright lip balm as well I
normally have a few other bits and bobs
in there just that I pack them up every
day
you also got some slow Gin which Mike
puts in his hip flask which he hadn't
had any of yeah and this is our third
day skiing
did you yeah Boozer and then Mike's
rucksack is here which we lost oh my
goodness how long does it take you to
find this this works acts really cool
Mike in case you haven't noticed all of
Mike's outfit has an element of lime
green in it including his skis and his
poles and this doesn't have like green
this just ice cream has it's got um it's
actually like Rastafarian cars but I
really like rustic and it means that I
can put all myself in there we have a TV
that we haven't turned on and some stuff
oh my god this Mike bought me this the
other night and is forcing me to wear it
tomorrow so this may happen it's a
light-up helmet cover there's a princess
because he says such a princess and then
this is the rest of the room we have a
chair and a table on which I have my
handbag and some magazines that I got
only actually read go out see I didn't I
know I know any red house and how much
neat your house and garden and my diary
because I need to keep that baby whilst
I'm here so I don't forget stuff and
then Mike's one piece is on here which
he was wearing last night
we actually have matching ones I didn't
bring the gold one I just brought the
Navy one and Mike was very nice today
Mike's empty ski bag my ski bag has a
few or my two guys as a few bits and
bobs in it
drop on investor table cuz I'm doing
some work last night and then I've also
got in here some chocolate I got sent
this last week and it looks we've
actually eaten a couple of our super
yummy but I've got one for like every
day of the week milk and goji berry and
vanilla dark and sour cherry got dark
and sweet orange pure milk milk and salt
and caramel pure dark and lorn for today
that I picked out is milk and krispies
and it's also like dairy free gluten
free sugar free like it's healthy
chocolate so always we're not too
impressed when I brought it out
yesterday morning we had a break and
then I have all the good stuff taken out
like says and then I have my pile of
bags here that this is actually still
got retro onesies in it because we're
gonna have a retro onesie day tomorrow I
think my slippers which are the best
slippers in the world and my boots which
I'm not gonna wear lost I'm here because
they have sweet FA grip on them and then
this is our view out of our balcony it's
actually not the best day today it has
very very limited visibility it's quite
cloudy well not you can actually see
right over there so it's not too bad but
it's quite cloudy we've had quite good
weather for the past two days we've been
quite lucky but that at least has snow
to be honest and then in here is the
bathroom which is kind of wait because
there's this window here that is like
frosted over that goes into the bathroom
where hey and then we've got this
massive bathroom the shower is amazing
and we haven't actually had a bath yet
but this is our bath that's really like
a giant one and then I have all my stuff
around the sink no that mic stuff is
like down there because my stuff is
taking over the whole thing I have my
makeup bag which has lots of goodies in
it - Stefani blush palette my deodorant
which I need when you're scared because
yes stinky God's these actually new from
this work so I got sent and I'm trying
them out the sleep plus dream body and
the sleep plus hair elixir and to try
this tonight sorry for your body butter
because I need
it's actually how he's any so far and my
legs are so dried from the cold and
eyedrops I've got a topcoat and now once
remember I forgot the color so I took it
off last night and you've just painted
on top coat I was like stupid
and then I've got hair spray dry from a
dry shampoo from her lap and then
styling cream from away as well these
are like my own miniatures they're
always in my travel bag as is this which
is a perk box
Sofia Webster from their collaboration
last year and I keep and you can see
that keep all of my hair stuffs I've got
like hair grips and hair ties and stuff
then this is my skin care section I've
got my pixie Mars but I only just got
this and I'm not gonna lie like I wore a
tiny bit of it yesterday so I had a spot
on my nose that kind of wanted to draw
all the gunk out and I pushed in there
is something in it but very minimal
stuff in it I've also got these which
Mike has shaved and got his hairs all
over the top as well so these are from
Mars barn in the hydrogel eye patches
they're really similar to the normal
right like under eye gel patches that
you get but they're in this packaging
right over this is one hand they're in
this packaging where take this off
they're all like stacked up and I've
never seen this before
and if I can get this off so you get 30
in one you see that and you like peel
them off than at individual layers never
see you like that before
when ever seen the metaphor I've got
some super fancy sheet masks I've also
got something teeth whitening strips
because I found them when I was looking
through my stuff and I might use those
because what the BAFTAs this weekend so
I might use those before have extra
spine guillotine
I have another mask actually that I mean
is try this week this is the Joker obey
your go be
peel off mask apparently it's black and
it like gets all the gunk out of the
skin really nicely
that was recommendation from front and
then I've got a electric toothbrush
obviously some toothpaste Mike is
sneaking on here with his stuff this is
Mike's hair wax and here's perfume now
she got him for Christmas this is a tin
bulb oh my god it's so good and then
Ultra pear cream which is just like an
all-purpose moisturizer Lancer face
scrub got my foreo which I was using
with my Road I'll cleanse over that's in
the shower
clarence SPF 50 this is a skin iceland
ice
I advise eye gel and then face wipes
funnel and tape on the scar of and
Clarins lip balm and that is it for all
of my stuff and that is it for the room
tour pretty much I'm going to do an
outfit of the day and show you guys what
I'm wearing so this is my scalpel so
needs you guys are asking about it we
saw the Resta jackets for the French
mate called Barbara Blanc please I don't
know it is it's just right it's kind of
a biker style so it has like the
diagonals it and then I actually have in
the pocket why I knew how much purse
that has like a little clip and it clips
from house I can't lose in if it could
be but I really like it I don't I've
only worn it twice because it's near
this here but it's cooled okay I really
like it's cuz it's here I like the light
little stitching detail and everything
and the black like gunmetal zips I'm
really really like I know my trouser is
true the trees are from perfect moment
and they're quite teat
they're like tight-fitting but a how
star on the ass which I mean I know
they're really company every party needs
a main line me they do stop this brand
on their school day but they were sold
out of these particular ones
my socks are horizon I don't know when I
got these a very long time ago
and well so I thought I've got a thermal
from tog 24s I'm aware that nothing
fancy I'll show you guys my helmet in
tomorrow's video but we're off up there
see you tomorrow good bye
so he's double room seven and we closed
them at breakfast before heading out to
the town a little bit if it's full of
socks but because you are out there but
in just e of the river and arrow please
guys we're also heading out to pick up
