so we've double room service and we've
got some breakfast before heading out to
the count how a little bit of Explorer
of salt spoke because told you the view
wasn't way out here but I can just see
onto the river and there are blue skies
we're also heading out to pick up my
parents and our friends at 11:00 so my
kids dressing down dressing our crazy
hair that is an amazing egg is a perfect
egg right well done hotel excuse the
crazy hair crazy but never all have I
felt more like an Instagram person them
right now my egg it looks great I'm
hungry
finally Mike remembers his sunglasses I
forgot my Ricky error that's a hotel
there and then here is Salzburg so
pretty so sunny I can't see anything I'm
hoping you guys can see where snow Oh
snow in the mountains I think you might
like it was snowing I was like its blues
guys yeah we're gonna go and have an
adventure so we're just having a really
nice walk all around the centre salts
but we're not the dogs we missed the
dogs but you know what's so nice is that
it's really early so none of the shots
already open and there's not many people
around it's just so beautiful here and
you can see the mountains and the blue
skies you're just ruining the picture in
your ugly mug we are shopping for the
obligatory fridge magnet the only
problem is there's too many and they're
all amazing my silence is always the
tackier the better and the boss vibes no
one sees and lurk that's cold but you
know what I don't think I don't think I
can leave without without one of these
they're just too good I was literally
just saying - Mike how I had one of
these when I was a little kid that my
dad bought me and I loved it so much I
think it might have to be a only in
Austria would you find a McDonalds this
pretty can you believe it
it's amazing we're just walking down the
main shopping street is so beautiful
super super gorgeous and we still got
blue skies we've just had weapons like
you would not want to go in there bit
rocky at the end but you know we've just
walked all the way up this little path
along the side of the river and now
we're walking back to the hotel look at
the car so it's amazing and we were just
discussing like we don't actually know
what's up there I'm gonna google it and
find out and the next time we come we're
gonna go up there because it looks epic
we were walking back to the hotel now to
head to the airport has such a nice
morning it's been really lovely has been
wondrous is a good omen we saw a sausage
dog on the train there are two sausage
dogs in the airport it's one they're
 well behaved look you Sookie
then there's a puppy over there which is
the sweet the puppies looking at me like
yo you all you look like me exist so
many sausages
we've arrived you've just checked into
our room and we are getting ready look
Mike zipping up his trousers we are in
our outfits already we're heading
straight up and go seeing immediately so
we are in the list now and we just come
through the cloud and there's sunshine
this Blues going to the top three we've
got all the gear on no idea no we do
have a bit my dear your brother check
out these I've got these new gadgety
poles dad's got them as well and you
clip the strap onto your glove like that
and then you just go fail then you just
go quick and then they're on and then
you have a trigger that comes off
nifty I'm not sure how good they're
gonna be I'll let you guys know but it's
exciting I cannot wait cannot wait to
get seeing also looks like the snow is
amazing as well and you bring my
sunglasses because from the resort it
looked really miserable weather and now
I've gotta goggles you don't
we've got these goggles you see best son
as well
yeah they're good in the Sun like
extreme going on yeah
right now I have to do not have enough
feed the dogs
hey Peter wiggle I'm saying goodbye
remember to always come back okay only
go for the wire and I love you and it's
the only one it's too early in the
morning others lie in their beds like
