it's too early right now and I have not
had enough sleep
saying goodbye to the dogs hey Pig a
wiggle we saying goodbye remember that
I'll always come back okay only go for a
little while and I love you food it's
the only one it's too early in the
morning others lay in their beds like
yeah whatever
I miss you little one bye baby girl baby
girl will you be good could be good for
Claire hey you be a good girl I'm sorry
to wake you up you'd be good girl your
favorite persons coming to house it yeah
I'm gonna miss you I love you tricky who
love you Oh Drake so we left the house
in time we've got a car full of stuff
and we're on our way to Austria to
people we do have a lot of mom and dad's
stuff as well cuz they're flying out I
was editing until 1:30 last night and I
fell asleep on my vlog so I'm gonna try
and finish editing my vlog now and try
and upload it using my mobile Wi-Fi
before we get to the tunnel so have a
few hours but debatably weather only
have Wi-Fi so let's try this eating
sweets our 7:30 in the morning you're
gonna be crashing in like 20 minutes
see already I'm hungry hungry well I'm
thinking if we can get past dolphin in
time then maybe
/ - yes
good stuff this is my current view very
great very great we're on the road again
we're making a little detour to the
golden arches for breakfast there it is
okay McDonald's was hit might go to
sausage and egg McMuffin
I got a cheese and egg wrap could be
controversial in some hashbrowns
controversial have you got fuel before
let's get on the tunnel then we're going
onto the tunnel listening to Marvin Gaye
let's get it on I always think these
trains are really scary
okay the dumb you go into them oh my god
guys we're going to train with a sausage
dog on it
it's like woman it's not quite as cute
as piglet but we're in the sausage dog
train it's gonna be good
why is that as it sponsored by somebody
we love love pets we do too when we go
into the creepy train with the car if
you guys ever done this it's like the
weirdest thing I find it really freaky
and then we're gonna drive all the way
down to the end and they shut the doors
like every three cars in the compartment
and then we go under the sea under their
feet right we are watching Jurassic Park
on this tunnel and I've got my neck
pillow out because it's time for a snoot
this looks like a full-on neck brace
when I wear this but it's so good right
in France
gonna be a fun trip for me
the other way we've been missing it
could have gone crazy every question you
join serial interesting very interesting
though we made a quick stop to Germans
over about five hours out now I think
and this one is still looking pretty
perky you know time to love you we are
going to get some lunch and I have to
say doesn't a big Burger King sign so it
may be just an incredibly unhealthy day
in general is very
no moving no manual moving only in a car
and just eating all the job now still on
the road we've actually had not the best
journey for the past few hours and stuck
in terrible traffic it's now ten plus
six and we should be getting there in
like about an hour or so but it's
currently saying nearly four hours
further Mike won't let me drive either
cause I know I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine
but not ideal guy is not I do you think
we always drive as well and this is like
the first time really bad traffic we're
flying first to Germany's and we're
really good bar on the plus side we've
nearly finished the whole first series
of cereal it's good there because we
have like bundles that do you can
repurchase them so it's not too bad
yeah and my back is hurting about you
don't you in my low back when I sit for
too long these are some startups in the
car yeah well you can like roll around
in the lab stuff lie down on top of the
skis that'll be comfy yeah oh my god
guys we're nearly there it is like 15
hours later and we are twelve kilometres
away
welcome to Austin yeah so we've arrived
at the hotel we're staying in the hotel
sacher in Salzburg where are we we have
actually been here before it's really
nice a really old-fashioned hotel I'm
going to show you the room see whether
it's and it is they've done it oh wow
it's beautiful last time we came here it
was really really old-fashioned and the
rooms were like really cool but very
very old and they've recently done it
out of place since we last came there's
snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks
snacks snacks so before I've even put
down my bag I'm gonna do a room tour
because it's like the first time I've
seen and it's awesome you come in this
is so different starts and we stayed
here you come in and there's a
full-length mirror not look we want to
look at what I look like today because
let's face it it's not good after you've
seen hours in the car the minibar mic
was on the way up says it was like I
want a bath in a beer and I was like
what if they don't have a bath but they
do this is super cool look mirrored
mirrored door and then look at this
amazing bathroom two sinks I'm so happy
we booked this again I like it's super
nice now nice robes and then this is the
bedroom which is really lovely
I love the wallpaper actually it's
really like textured super nice and
let's see if we have a good view have a
feeling we might not know we don't have
a great view and because it's on the end
but we're right on the river I'll show
you tomorrow morning when we wake up it
turns out this hotel has the coolest set
of scales we've ever seen in our life
neither me or Mike want to get on them
however after eating McDonald's
breakfast and Burger King for lunch we
just ordered room service and I'm not
getting on the scales right now but they
look very very cool I've got my PJs on
and I'm feeling snoozy
look at me I got changed all over the
floor she's like get it off
you're saying though what is it oh we
found Williams which is the hair snaps
airing in Austria we always have it when
we go skiing we're gonna have a lot of
this this week we don't need to drink
any now for what I do want is a cheeky
little gin and tonic yeah maxing
relaxing you're another one you can
order one room service bring her up
mm-hmm
though we've both just had a bath and
washed and scrubbed our faces I feel
amazing do you feel good Mike's washed
his hair as well oh I just feel so much
better and the room service has arrived
check this out
I'm really excited Mike got beer and I
got Caesar salad with prawns which looks
amazing and Mike got it controversially
for him vegetarian pasta which also
looks delicious fresh tagliatelle and
because we're in Austria Mike ordered is
Trudel as well which is giant just like
a massive portion of apple strudel yummy
we're gonna eat this out and then we're
gonna head to bed because we've got
that's the bar empty like what is that
it's a monster in the bathroom we've
gotten any starts burrowing skiing
hooray
night guys
