good morning guys welcome back I am
currently putting my makeup on it is
about seven o'clock in the morning and
today I have a very busy day off to
London I've got lots of exciting things
to do it was actually like really busy
but then two meetings got postponed so
now it's good busy I don't know what
this pink reflection is on my face
something selecting I think it might be
for reflecting off my hair straighteners
cuz my hair straight is pink
so anyway I'm putting my makeup on got
my foundation on at the moment I'm gonna
show you what's on my face I'm actually
going for the same foundation I was
wearing in the other vlog from the 2nd
of February which is a road our
foundation I'm mixing two colors because
in that vlog it was quite a few people
that said there were quite a few people
that said it was slightly too dark my
eyeshadow quad tomforde contouring
palette which looks beautiful I've
actually only used this once before and
it was kind of just like a bit of a test
run so I'm excited to use that the Y
style neutralizes this is the new
Elizabeth Arden mascara got my
collection concealer ariana grande lip
gloss that is a Tom Ford lipstick I
don't know if I'm gonna whether or not
where I sell eyeliner and what is the
Anastasia brow gel I need anyway this is
really old wrodar smokey eye pen and lip
pencil and then brows thing this is just
a translucent powder and then I also
have my Kevin Kwan contouring book which
I really don't like that it has this
leaf in it just like I think they should
have put that in a throwaway thing
because once you've read it you've read
it I don't know anyway so this has been
a zhing candle light highlighter and it
also has contour and then eyeshadows as
well which I'm gonna family used today
Gwen Stefani blusher palette and then
I'm also where my eyelashes who is that
ugly mug so I made it I got ready just
in time we are on the road now I
actually didn't put any mascara on well
I put one coat on the upper lashes but I
didn't properly put my mascara on all my
lip product so I'm gonna have to do like
the car kind of a season broke doing my
makeup in the car I've not rely I used
to do it every single day on the way to
school and my dad is kind of like not a
crazy driver but he likes to throw it
into the corner this new mic
so basically and yeah I'm good at
digging worms car on the go let's hope I
don't get it all over my face I would do
an outfit today I've got my fluffy
little faux fur friends on and I I'm
gonna do has her fair I'm gonna do an
outfit on the first stop of today which
is Selfridges basically that was really
over excited for 747 in the morning you
basically I was just starting to have
the sick it's not their right way well
they're not going Oh God
so we late or anything Mike how much you
are together you take me to go at 10:00
to 7:00 plenty of time plenty of time
yeah but you got the way of me drinking
my cup of tea
I know but cookie I've got earlier she
knew I heard you alarm go off and then
ten minutes later came the volume in
five minutes I check my cosmos by mini
rush hour and Houston is manic I'm
currently editing yesterday's vlog in LA
oh I made it London and I'm
going in suffice now on my missions find
accessories looking for shoes a bag and
an outfit for tonight which could
include a dress and shoes I don't know
but I'm feeling a little bit and sad
isn't it Michael's helped me off yeah
fine
too much wire cell goodness Oh having a
little think about clutches on the
escalators I'm on my way up to look at
Casas and shoes this is really
overwhelming and I have like an hour to
get everything so
just like I'm currently itself or just
showing you my thought would do it quick
outfitted a few guys instance of my
outfit today the lighting in here is
really weird
got on my Helen Moore scarf which is
faux fur and loving it got on my All
Saints jacket Azara top that's probably
about 4 years old but I really like it
and then my leather leggings from Raj
and men forever 21
oops and then I have my saline bag which
hasn't seen the light of day in a while
and I'm loving it made some naughty
virgin is I also just tried this on
which I think I'm gonna get for tonight
and I really want to pair it with like a
kind of black pencil skirt if I can find
one I have about half an hour left so
let's do this I'm gonna go down to the
chief of it cuz I definitely spent
enough money up here oMG just a cab on
my way up to a meeting and I managed to
get everything I needed in Selfridges
actually walk downstairs and they have
2/3 leather pencil skirts in like a
three meter radius was like perfect so I
got this one from Karen Millen I think
they look really nice I still need some
underwear and I just went into the
Selfridges section really quickly and
found like you know there's like
shapewear like things with a bra
built-in so 150 pounds so I'm going to
try and pop into M&S later and see if I
can go something because the top is like
really see-through yeah I'm off to a
meeting now be some lunch as well I've
only had one of those really cool
they're like raw it's like a cashew
cookie bar things I got on the train
station was actually really good it's
like raw cashews and like dates and
stuff smashed up really tasting now it
just arrived for my second meeting of
the day first meeting went well I'm now
heading in for meeting about the photo
shoot for my book super exciting and I
wanted to show you guys what a beautiful
day it is because the offices for my
publisher are right on the river and the
Sun is out alright so I'm now on the
hunt for some underwear to go under and
then I've just finished having my makeup
done and we're now heading to get the
blow-dry because my hair is looking
terrible literally been flustered day
and it got rained on a little bit and it
just got a bit frazzled so glamming it
we just had probably the most amazing
blow-dry effort you can't really see too
well because I'm in the back of a cab
and it's dark then I'll turn this way so
better and it was by the lovely James
Galvin at Daniel Gavin in Selfridges oh
my goodness and they put this amazing
treatment on it's called a few zo DOS
and it's literally my hair is like sleek
that is Lauren texting me because we're
now really eight because just we have
just had the most amazing
lovely like getting ready kind of
pampering sesh and now we are on our way
to meet my friend Lauren who you guys
know and go to the party I'm kind of
nervous I've got my outfit on this is
the top that I actually ended up cutting
the netting out of don't know if you can
see you down here it's not very
flattering me sitting down but here we
go and then I've got my clutch bag
whoopsie naughty purchase and my phone
which is not very attractive and then my
carolyn skirt
back into my normal outfit cause I don't
wanna go home on the train in my evening
outfit and I'm not gonna lie
minutes here right now and I've lost
some eggs
somatic motor bag and my sister just
texted me saying Lulu was going to bed
tonight and she says in birds
that's nothing better than olives in
beam beams in bed my sis is like oh my
god have I actually got a mini you how
many years she's nothing like it on the
train glamorous I'm so sad to see Lauren
Amy oh sorry I think we're all watching
that why so loud that all you in here is
like reverberation but anyway we give
them sushi it's actually not much left
so I think it's this one
I am in the car right now Mike just look
sorry Mike just came to pick me up he
has there's a lot of stuff packed in
here look yeah I just well right they
just pointed the screen right here
because the song says it's time tomorrow
it says that it's all true yeah okay
it's only nine hundred and six miles
away snowfall this time tomorrow we'll
be in Salzburg yeah I literally can't
wait and I didn't tell you guys I didn't
actually flop got the car actually
remember I did vlog in the station bike
I remember if I told you or not the taxi
driver
picked me up from the party tibia
sensation I had been to Murray around
which is this the resort that we're
going to excuse me it's really it's a
it's a people don't come on it's been a
long day shopping you know you know I
had the best day ever
but yeah it's like a really really tiny
result you see how go for year
rottenmeier like chatting amazing taxi
driver anyway this time tomorrow we'll
be going to Salzburg Mike's driving yeah
do you want to see I've got that I've
got small my selection you don't drink
red bread balls not good for your mind
but I might need it so this is just in
emergence from
wine gum anything else me sugar apples
oranges
that's not oranges that's a cat pre-sell
Mike and water that for me strawberry
water view strawberry water I want
normal water thank you can I bring some
apples do whatever you want and some
coconut yogurt and some sushi just
kidding but you know what I had for
dinner I had its oof dinner on the train
sorry it's not as good as mine what do
you have the butcher's tonight and got a
brine Billy did you cook just for
yourself no cuz I've saturated so we had
a prime bit of fill it and I couldn't
homemade chips
Chetty you outed spinach chef
extraordinaire
and asparagus and I'm not gonna lie with
a little bit of a peppercorn sauce um
have they started painting this very
much yeah
oh my god I can't wait to see I'll show
you guys what yeah hello hello hello
hello hello
Oh piggy you're a fusspot disco age oh I
love you know the sausage dog hi twiki
freaky came to say hello before I
started filming that she's scared in the
corner it's not always about you pig go
on with you I missed you guys
pingzhi it looks kind of weirdly green
on camera but it's like a really
beautiful kind of stone color you know
so excited also the base layer of floors
just gone down in here which I didn't
notice until now so the tiles are going
on tomorrow but we're not going to see
them until next week but yeah that's
gonna be able to like guys but I'll see
you in running Brian early because we
are heading off a super-early see you -
all right bye good morning guys save the
day in the filming day I have this big
fun click this do you like it house
you've been trying out quite a lot of
Road Isle makeup which I've never used
before they used to be just a skincare
under boilers and makeup
