good morning guys welcome to the last
and final installment of vlogmas as part
6 get ready for the jingle so this
morning
Mike and I are wearing matching outfits
Oni just realized I did get changed
first this morning when I say get
changed first I put on my shaking loads
as last night because we're going to do
a few errands before I get ready
it's Christmas Eve Eve and two more
sleeps well I'm not set until Christmas
Eve which I kind of countless Christmas
because I am the Christmas elf
am i advent calendar which is official
Cadbury's advent calendar finishes on
the 2014 so my mind basically it's
Christmas tomorrow so this morning we
are on our way to town we're gonna go
we'll go to pets our homes pick up some
dog food for when we are in hospital for
the lady looking after the dogs what
else do we need to do we need to get
these to get dogs for the nursery not
only might live a little bit last minute
and what was the other thing we need to
get someone oh we need to get wine for
mom and dad because they're hosting
Christmas a limit a really simple me I'm
not going to be drinking it
we house the cute Tesco is so long
we might even bother to try and get into
waitress is killing like out the door of
the car parks and contests oh and I'm
gonna go and jump out and going out wine
so you what for me they won't judge me
I'm pregnant
mission accomplished guys we have a bit
of champagne red wine and they're all
the tonic water for me wild wild times
thanks Bob decisions decisions it's
actually quite hard making doorknobs
these are the ones I'm going for so far
wild wild choices they have three that's
what you did you have three but they're
too small no hmm I mean they just the
selection is vast mr. indecisive with
his screws take you five years
come on oh my god guys exciting times
the sofa the new sofa that we're waiting
for for three months has arrived piglet
is excited and she's locked in here
because she's trying to terrorize the
delivery man and you'll get trodden on
guys
brand-new sofa dogs all over it we also
have this giant foot stool which I'm so
excited about god I so comfy yes twitch
which do it man
guys I'm so happy right now that we can
all fit on the same sofa at one time I'm
so happy I think the best Christmas
present ever
good timing squidgy what you got there
Scrooge's just found they deliver them
with like fake legs on so they don't get
damaged squish things is great squidgy
it's not a stick you silly dog
look me silly dog so we're now in Mike's
car packed
almost to the roof the dogs are in the
boot went out on our way to the pub to
meet up with my family for a drink and
some friends and officer present baking
with Lulu hoods commencing you've got
these Nutcracker things we can't eat
them but you decorate with them no
definitely don't eat don't eat those
you beast and we have Christmas ones too
they're not edible get your mitts off
we're cheating and making cupcakes and
using mums magic mix ha ha dad just
brought me a nice glass of tonic water
and Mike is cracking out the game of
thrones Monopoly first me and piglet are
on the same team we're on the cheating
team where me and piglet are gonna be
the bankers because I'm the banker
there'll be no cheating really yes
interesting my lucky charm finishing off
our magnificent cupcakes Lulu is
sticking the little critters in the top
and they've got pink glitter do you like
pink glitter yeah well these are the
best Christmas cupcakes I've ever made
take the best ones you've ever made Lulu
loving them morning kind of zoomed in on
my face I trying to reroute okay there
we go
that's better I didn't finish my vlog oh
I didn't finish off last night we ended
up going to the pub I definitely overdid
it my ankle swelled up and I came home
and fell asleep on the sofa
hence yes I definitely started my makeup
on it's now 7 o'clock it's Christmas Eve
I had the worst night's sleep ever I
just sound comfortable now and I hate
being a windy person like a pregnant
windy person but it's so uncomfortable
to sleep at this stage like everything
else has been firin creamer
but now I'm like just want to sleep I
think it's your body like preparing
yourself for having no sleep when you
have a baby but yeah so today is
Christmas Eve
you're here for cuddles hey peg yes my
feet are still a bit swollen up sad
times a little bit later make up on one
game of Monopoly down this one is back
from running and we're now go for lunch
at the pub take a look
still unimpressed she does not like
being here with all the other dogs just
like I'm the only sausage boys are now
rearranging the furniture to play retro
what is it ps1 and they've got a big
pile of games goodness knows watch out
that piglet you get a set on you guys
sat on the kids have abandoned us for
we're reliving our youth with a Super
Nintendo and Super Mario Christmas Eve
it's the bumps first time do you want to
play piglet keep trying to Mountaineer
over my bum Pig no she's just staying
here just thinking willows first game
ain't gonna have to let go little one
it's a good news there's guys it's
actually getting cold
on Christmas Eve it's been like 10
degrees all week we just got serenaded
by Luna I couldn't film it because she
would barely let us watch it but it was
the cutest thing ever
she made up a song about the baby coming
and I can't sing it without telling you
the name of the baby top secret but it
was
we're now on our way to the pub for our
annual festive family pub gathering on
Christmas Eve and we're waiting for the
others and they behind us
no because they've got granny's room in
the car because of a thing
Oh matches my coat how exciting
so we have done the family rounds guys I
didn't vlog any of lunch because it was
quite hilarious so the kids going nuts
everywhere and our food took quite a
long time my grandma is getting quite
cantankerous she was literally going
nuts and then we went to my uncle's
house for a drink which we do every
single year we're actually not going to
church this year normally we do everyone
else has just gone off to church but we
go over and drop think you like presents
and see some of our friends off see some
of our friends hopefully drop presents
often see some of our friends after that
and I'm really tired so we're just going
to go back and have a bit of a chill
just me and Mike and let the dogs out
and then we're going to lyses president
song I feel like today's vlog has been
not very exciting literally been so
tired my brain has been like we could
just have an hour playing sorry I just
hear me we need to plan but this is what
feeding time Razoo looks like piglets
the smallest and the loudest at the back
there
we have squidge at the front we've got
Mouse here's my mum's dog
Badgers my brother's dog this work
that's all see my dad's dog excuse me
shush piglet we all know who you are yes
we do Charlie's my sister's dog shadows
also my sister's dog and then trickle
and squidge so we have one two three
four five six seven eight dogs literally
feeding time at the zoo Mike is in this
door can you hear him they can all make
him hit rap dishing out the food you win
the award for the most
knowing he has Chow time with the normal
three and the gang literally dog food
everywhere hilarious mission
accomplished
not just yet gotta watch for the sniping
guys look at all the presents as well
piggy I don't think any of them before
you know this is actually before the
kids presents get put under the tree as
well when the kids presents are here it
probably comes out to like my feet
it's crazy ridiculous seems so festive
so I'm supposed to be the one chilling
out here this lose head this was falling
asleep we're watching a Muppet Christmas
Carol which was one of my personal
favorites when I was a kid and might
fall asleep oh and I've got a message
how exciting Christmas present delivery
and a little hospital bags in the back
of the car Oh Mike terrible and there's
little ones can you carry the big one so
we just got back from Lucy's guys we
have every year we open our Christmas
presents on Christmas Eve together and
Lissy bought me this this year so as you
guys know I love my stinky cheese I love
my cheese board at Christmas
can't have any this year so she went to
a specialist cheese shop and picked out
a selection of cheese that doesn't go
off till after I've had the baby so
basically I can eat it look how look how
good this one looks this is tempting me
too much if they're if cameras did
smellivision you would be like mike is
not impressed mike is literally like
that is the smelliest evil and I also
got some really cute things my friend
Jess got me this tin that says Best in
Show it's got sausage dogs on it and my
friend Bailey bought me a few bits for
the baby but this is the cutest so we're
back at home I was in the last clip as
well I just wouldn't put my PJs on I've
got my best present ever jumper on and
make up me with this one christmas is
coming what else is coming
next time we see you guys blog wise I
might actually do a pregnancy update
before you're not gonna do like a vlog
have the baby love real-time right live
YouTube people do that my no lucky we're
not doing that that's not but I might do
like a final pregnancy update on 27th
probably like the after boxing day but
next time we see like vlogging Lions
you'll be a mummy
I knew we're daddy so yeah coos agree
these they're saying I think you already
a mommy and a daddy what are you doing
already your money away Oh big big
message Oh
your life is about to change that so
yeah that's it for vlogmas guys hope you
enjoyed it and we'll see you very soon
Merry Christmas it's like two hours away
