hey guys um rashia has done a pregnancy
like week to week update in quite a few
weeks so this is going to be like my 6
to 10 week update and I'm not actually
too bothered about that to be honest
because I think because I'm obviously
announcing this when I'm like 3 months
pregnant I've also got quite a lot of
catching up to do anyway in terms of
timing but also I don't want to overload
you guys if I don't have stuff to say do
you know what I mean like if every week
is the same then there's no point making
kind of weekly video and they'll still
be uploaded weekly so weeks 6 to 10 the
past months I have been feeling pretty
sick although I haven't actually been
sick or felt I've only ever felt like I
was going to be sick once and that has
me feeling like it is a boy like because
apparently when you have girls I know
it's like an old wives tale but most
people I know as well I have a boy and a
girl so they got much thicker with the
girl
including my mum and my sister so I
think it's going to be a boy but yeah so
just not feeling sick the tiredness has
actually been going to be honest like
week 6 and 7 I was still pretty tired
for the past couple of weeks I've
actually been a lot more kind of I've
had a lot more energy and especially in
the mornings I feel like I'm kind of
like that's kind of going away but the
sickness is still there getting a little
bit better now in week 10 but yeah it is
still definitely there and in terms of
cravings I've still been eating
watermelon a lot of watermelon I'm
really craving taramosalata not with the
watermelon just for celery that would be
really weird ice lollies I think that's
because it's been so ridiculously hot
for the past few weeks still having
issues handling meats like raw meat and
eating like chicken on the bone and
stuff which never used to bother me so
that's quite weird and then in terms of
other updates actually had I've had two
scans so Mike and I decided that we
wanted to go privately for our scans
based on a couple
thing I think partly because my sister
did and she really thought it was worth
spending the extra money on and also for
like peace of mind so you get more scans
and you get an earlier scan as well so
I've had two scans now which if we
hadn't gone private i wouldnt have had
any scan so I had an eight week scan and
then a ten week scan which actually
wasn't intentional I supposed to just
have eight weeks can and then booked in
for the Harmony test which I'll explain
in a bit more detail and sex but it's
basically a blood test but for some
reason the clinic that was doing the
Harmony test had this offer on where you
would save 100 pounds if you had another
scam like they were going to charge me
500 pounds for how many tests if I
didn't have a scan and 400 pounds if I
did have a scam so I was like well it
may as well I have another scam so both
of those scans were really good
everything was really like perfect
normal my dates are all kind of as I
expected and for the harmony test they
took so if you can hear that monk
moaning outside but they took some blood
and if you guys don't know what the
harmony test is it's actually not
currently available on the NHS in the UK
but it is apparently coming to the NHS
next year but it's a form of genetic
screening so it's one of the kind of
more accurate but less invasive screens
for screening methods for Down syndrome
but also a couple of other genetic
diseases and issues as well but what is
exciting is that they can also find out
the sex so Mike and I actually books in
for around 13 weeks we have our
appointment to get the results which to
be honest if the results were negative
they said they were going to call us and
it's been a week in a bit since then so
we'll have it it's been a week since
then because I'm like 11 weeks today so
I'm not looking back on like week 10
that at 10 weeks exactly and they said
they would call us if the results were
like high-risk for Down syndrome or any
of the other diseases before our
appointment obviously because there's
like three week gap because
we are into LA tomorrow if there was
like a high risk result so hopefully
considering it's been like a week and a
bit that should be fine and fingers
crossed but we gets pineapple sex which
is super super exciting because you
don't normally find that out till 20
weeks so yeah I'm really happy overall
actually that we decided to go privately
for the scans because I think for my
kind of peace of mind it's been amazing
and also you get to see the baby a lot
more frequently than you would so you
know we decided that it was it was kind
of worth it in terms of our finances and
whether or not we could afford to kind
of pay for that extra a little bit for
our reassurance I realize that it's not
a choice for everybody or not something
everyone would do but that's just what
we've done so and otherwise I knew I'd
get questions because also you don't
normally have a scam till 12 weeks would
be like why have you had a scan but yeah
so that was really exciting it's
actually really cool as well the first
one I have to say with internal so kind
of like same kind of vibe is a smear
test like but not very nice
so I didn't really like enjoy that one I
have to say there's a bit awkward and
quite uncomfortable but the second scan
was like a trans abdominal and when they
put on your tummy like how you imagine
like scan being or how you cease camping
like as you're growing up and that at
that moment I was really like and
without actually this like I'm having a
baby so it's actually something in there
and for some reason like because of that
the second scan felt so much more real
yeah the heartbeat was all fine and it
was going fine and Mike came with me and
it was just yeah it was really really
awesome that was exciting the other
thing that I have done since my last
update I haven't updated you guys on is
to tell our family so a lot of people
wait til 12 weeks to tell their families
we waited till eight weeks so we
basically waited to the first scam so
just like we could get reassurance that
that actually was something there and
there was a heartbeat and we weren't
just imagining it so we told my family
for
and then we told Mike's family and their
reactions were just awesome like it was
so exciting I was like my sister already
knew because I had told her earlier
because I wanted to ask her about
doctor's appointments I might what to do
and they said that that was really
really awesome
and we've actually told since we had
them the next scan last week we actually
told a couple of our friends as well so
we're waiting for the kind of 12-week
mark to tell and the 12-week scan to
tell kind of everyone like a wider group
of friends and YouTube just for
reassurance really just in case
something goes wrong I know things can
go wrong later than that but that's kind
of like the the main hurdle I think of
the 12-week kind of mark but become
would have those two scans already I do
feel like a bit more confident before
that it was so so paranoid about
everything I was eating everything like
you know I was just really paranoid that
there was going to be like nothing there
when we went to the scan so I'm sure
that's pretty normal as well I also got
a new book this week which is on my
bedside table which I've been really a
bit off but I think it's kind of a
little bit too far along the line for me
now but it's a baby book by Rachel woody
Love who is a kind of I don't even know
like what you would call it she's not
necessarily she's kind of a nurse like
not a medical nurse but like a nursery
nurse so she does like private hires
basically like you can hire her or very
like well-to-do people hire her to help
with their baby in the first few weeks
so hang on the dogs scratching the door
come in squidge there we go so she does
like high-profile baby kind of looking
after in the first few weeks that like
gives you advice on how to cast your
baby so she her most famous lines are
like Gwyneth Paltrow and Zara Phillips
so anyway so she's updated this book I
think it's a fairly old book which is
quite old school in her kind of outlook
she's very much like the baby should
have a routine but the routine should
revolve around your life which i think
is the way at the moment that's the way
like I would like to parent I think
babies and animals and like everything
thrive on routine we all thrive on a
routine especially so babies and in
terms of what getting sleeping and
everything from all of my friends have
had kids or whatever that's what I have
kind of learned but I really don't want
to go down that route of like blessing
the baby routine kind of change our
lives completely obviously having baby
changes your life hugely but yeah so I'm
quite keen and I quite liked her kind of
outlook can her philosophies I've been
reading a little bit about it and
obviously you know we're like six months
away from the point of actually having a
baby here but it's really interesting
and it's really useful as well for like
shopping lists and things to think of
I'm the kind of person so I'll read this
and then I'll look back in it and kind
of like reference it when I actually
come to do any shopping because I
haven't bought anything yet like I'm
really really paranoid about jinxing the
pregnancy and like if you buy stuff you
know is it too soon and then what
happens if you lose the baby and let all
of that horrible thing everything goes
through your mind so I haven't bought
anything but we have like decided on the
room to be the nursery and we've got the
new carpet in that room as well so I
have been kind of like thinking about
nursery furniture and like what I want
it to look like and like I've been
looking at buggies obviously my brother
had a baby well not obviously like if
you guys don't know my brother had a
baby three weeks ago so my brother's
wife obviously had the baby but yeah
baby as well so she's three weeks old
and she went shopping with my
sister-in-law this week and we were like
looking at buggies because I feel like
at the moment because I haven't
announced them I'm like I don't really
want to like jinx it by like looking in
shops a little that kind of stuff so I
went with her we were like looking at
the buggies and like we had my little
niece Willow with us they're like yeah
we've got a legit excuse to shop for
baby stuff and I was looking at the mono
initially I thought I wanted or I
thought the one that I liked to look off
the most it's quite expensive as the
Bugaboo Buffalo that was actually super
super heavy so I'm not sure I'm going to
have like when everything's announced
and everything I'm going to go and have
like a proper try and see like how it
breaks down and how heavy it is to
listen to back up the car and stuff like
that but yeah so that was fun like going
to look at like buggies and cots and
stuff it's definitely my favorite
looking buggy the Bugaboo won but yeah
if you guys have any recommendations if
you have
kids and you've had a buggy and you know
like which one is your favorite and
which one you've loved definitely let me
know in terms of like my weight and how
I'm feeling and everything I definitely
put on a few pounds and I probably got
about five pounds which I don't feel
great about because like obviously at
the moment nobody knows so it's kind of
I just feel like I'm just got a little
bit chubbier which is not a great
feeling but then at the same time like
there's a good reason for it so I'm not
too bothered the one thing I would say
is I'm definitely getting like super
bloated like some days I'd like to have
a process baby bump and I'm like oh my
god is so exciting that I'm like no it's
probably just gas so yeah I'm kind of
like excited for that first time when I
like have a little bump and I need to
wear like maternity jeans and stuff like
I'm actually getting excited about which
I never thought it would be I thought it
would be like oh my god and though it's
crazy how things change when you are
pregnant because you just I don't know
it's just so weird your outlook changes
I've got a dog like trying to nest in my
bed here what are you doing what are you
doing in there you've got rude awakening
coming for you in a few months they'll
go yes you do yes you do yeah so that's
probably going to be it for my kind of
six to ten week update I don't think of
what anything else to update you guys on
I'll definitely do another update this
week because I'm travelling and also
like it'd be good to chat about like I
don't know how I feel if jetlag affects
me because I don't think I can take
sleeping pills which I normally really
rely on where I have jet lag
so I'll definitely update you from that
and then obviously the week after is my
twelve weeks which is really exciting
what I'm going to be telling YouTube and
the world like so nervous about that so
so nervous but I'll see you guys racing
