good morning I'm in my gym gear right
now waiting for my mom who's meant to be
come to the gym with me
she's might be here at 8 so I feel like
she's got a few minutes but yesterday
she was late and then convinced me not
to go to the gym I have my neon
multicolored trainers on which I
actually got on Amazon a few weeks ago
because my Nikes I've been actually I've
been running quite a lot in London which
is a new thing for me because I mean I
literally never thought I was at the day
when I run outside but my knees have
been hurting a little bit so I got some
squidgy a trainers because the nice
thing is they have so much support
they're great for the gym but not so
much for running anyway so I'm wearing
these today don't deliver her and then
everything else we do this everything
else is like grey and black so it's not
very exciting but yeah that is what is
happening I am not feeling so motivated
because I'm tired
on another note though I just had some
cereal with cashew butter cashew butter
cashew milk it didn't pop the real with
butter cashew milk which looks like this
it tastes like cream oh my god best
thing ever I found it and super my cuz
I've never tried that tried soy milk
almond milk oat milk oat milk all of
that jazz but I've never tried cashew
milk and it is really good with cereal I
normally don't eat before I go to gym
I'm going to eat afterwards but mom's
late so yeah we go Jim Dunn I have a
very red face right now drinking my
water and mums actually taking the dog
to walk on her own today because I have
a lot of editing to do before we go away
tomorrow or Friday even this one is
protesting and she won't go for a walk
without me I'm like so she like gets
really agitated and comes and pesters us
but mums just got on shouting walkies
walkies walkies and she won't go so I
don't really know what to do oh wait
mums back
I think she's come to get her
mom I don't think she'll go oh
altercation I think it's alright and we
have a gang of protesters come on guys
come on now I think I might need to come
no is that what you want I'm gonna come
otherwise they're not gonna come you are
Deva so here we go I came on and walked
in the end anyway I'm actually to be
honest quite touched that they love me
so much that they don't want to go on a
walk would help me but it's raining and
I've got stuff to do so they're only
getting a quick on today piggies off the
lead too so I need to go and catch her
and put her on this because we do not
want an escape I managed to catch the
little weasel and we're now walking it
is a pretty miserable gray day today and
it's cold though I've just been kind of
getting ready for the day I'm putting a
little bit of makeup on to be honest I'm
not wearing much makeup stakes I'm just
at home doing stuff and I wanted to show
you guys this look at my eyebrows I've
been trying out this which is the new
soap & Glory brow pencil brow almighty
and to be honest I when his arrival at
wow that's way too fat but now she
applies really nicely and it makes doing
your brows like super quickly and easily
it's good for like every day but look at
the color of this I try and do this with
one hand which is really really hard
let's try this if you look at the color
of this when you put it on that is like
a really good brow color right topi fine
normal it seems to oxidize and turn
bright orange so now I've got orange
brows like full-on orange brows I'm
going to take this off and then redo it
and I'm also going to show you my hands
watch in a minute you can already see it
start to go a little bit but it like
literally it goes bright orange I think
there's still a little bit of orange
stuck in there but it will do for today
I'm so glad I didn't do that on the day
where I was like
going somewhere where I was going to see
people and because a lot of the time I
do my brows like last minute before I
step out the door and I'm like imagine
you wouldn't see it and then it turns
orange talking of orange look at the
swatch going orange around the edges and
in a couple of minutes that we all
totally orange so weird I thought it
might be something to do with like my
moisturizer or something but I didn't
put my moisturizer on my hand this
morning so maybe it just that's what the
product does if you have orange eyebrows
maybe you'll like it but for me it's not
a winner and if you're wondering what
else I have on my face which I know you
guys quite like when I do these I've had
lots of good feedback when I've done it
so I've got the Loreal infallible sculpt
foundation on which I'm trying out at
the moment it's still kind of undecided
on that I've got my wire self eyeliner
which is on its last legs but I have a
new one I need to open up and then I
have a road Isle glam a lash skinny
mascara which I'm still deciding how
much I like but I do like it a bit like
I haven't decided if I love it yet and
then I have just replaced that hideous
brow pencil with my Macklin Greg and
that is all I've got on my face today
I'm currently making in the bed up in my
dressing room which I'm so excited it's
finally finished being decorated this is
what it looks like it's great
the other rooms off but we still have
like a carpet in here I want to get a
little dressing table in here as well
and also these cupboards like our room
are getting redone like just plain
paneling and then painted the same color
as the walls but my sisters I'm really
out of breath as ashran stairs mic
sisters are coming to stay next week
when we're away to house it so I'm
making this up so it's a nice room
because I'll see the spare room is out
of action so I'm so happy with the color
in here it's Cornforth white by firing
ball it looks so nice and we have the
new lights as well the same as our room
ready two spotlights but they used to be
one single light though right by the
window and that was the only lighting in
the whole room so yeah and then your
radiators and own as well so roll on the
carpet cannot wait and here is the bed
made although I think to be honest these
sheets are from the other room and they
don't really go in here cuz they're bit
cream I kind of want just plain white
sheets but yeah I'm
currently attempting to pack for skiing
because I am away or I'm in London
tomorrow focus I'm in London tomorrow
like all day in meetings and we leave at
6 o'clock in the morning on Friday so
I'm in the process of packing and it's
just looking really messy right now this
is my bed and like laying everything out
failing completely at packing and I keep
doing like one thing and then coming on
to something else something like oh I'll
do that in a minute because it's really
hard I'm just trying to think of
everything because I've got to go we're
going for a day in the car and then
overnight to Saltzburg for the evening
and then we've got a week skiing and
then we've also got we go back to London
we go straight back to London and we're
staying overnight there and then we've
got the BAFTAs after that so I've got a
pack for all eventualities extreme
sports and BAFTA glam in the same
suitcase it's gonna be tricky I was just
digging out all my winter stuff and I
found this hat which is one of my
favorites it is a cashmere beanie with
sparkly sequins on it and I got it at
London Fashion Weekend a few years ago
and I love it and I think it's actually
called a disco beanie as well which is
the coolest name ever and I can't
remember the name of the brand because
all it says in it is this that is the
only indication I have to where it's
from but it's one of my favourite hat so
I'm making progress I've got my ski bag
packed and then I have another bag
that's just for London which has got
more stuff going in a more makeup later
but I'm gonna wear some of it tomorrow
so I'm gonna pack in the morning but ah
and then I've also got this bag which is
gonna be kind of overnight for the first
night and then also like toilet reason
stuff because I couldn't fit in XL
almost key stuff and stuff to wear on
the day that we travel including my
underwear which you can see oh hey
awkward
hello there how I seen you yet today in
the vlog are you feeling stressed
five times it's been a long day a lot
more to do but you're cooking this is my
speciality is my favorite thing that
coats ever it's how you put fish in it
okay so it's basically like fish tomato
sauce and spinach prawns and then in
here there is some asparagus and then
there's also some spicy normally we have
this with crow Jessica kind of a long
story we have our painter decorated
staying with us seems really weird but I
like old family friends of Mike's and
they're from Cheshire we're mighty to be
from where Mike is from but doesn't have
anymore and when they come and stay when
they're decorating toke on down there
and burn it you does burn that looks
like humming can I just just looks so
good oh yeah so they're eating with us
and they don't like courgettes so we
have to pretty long story mike has
excelled himself for dinner it looks
super tasty see what is going on here in
her unnatural habitat never seen before
actually this is first time ever so they
look I mean I think so I think I'm about
there with packing
I am super tired now it's actually
called apostle in heaven I'm like
looking at all of the clocks and it
makes it more confusing with all of the
dogs because instead of looking at one
time I like look and look and look and
look and look and check that all the
same anyway so 11 and I got a complaint
in yesterday's but one more complaint
but a suggestion god what's happened to
my eyeliner seriously I've just been
like cleaning and tidying and cleaning
and tidying ready for my sisters and
Mike's mom to come next weeks they're
all house-sitting
so anyway I got a complaint saying that
I didn't show the dogs enough so I want
to say hello to all of the dogs
individually piglet is sleeping in her
bed which actually is not her bed
because it says treacle and squidge on
it we need to add a plus piglet too and
pigley
- are you sleepy little baby piggies
eyes been poorly recently because she
was born with extra eyelashes that grow
kind of straight down so they kind of
irritate her eyes and I think because
it's been really dusty with all of the
workmen and stuff I think she's got
extra irritated eyes which is not good
so she's got one of them is just like
looks like she's crying ready to hang
some pictures you're totally out focus
and I'm waiting for the focus cause he
looks funny I'm ready to hang some
pictures are you ready yeah let's do it
this my squidge is a hilarious relaxing
position for you know you Maxim relaxing
on the sofa are you where's the third
bed do you know do you know and here is
the third bear on our bed
tree key the last few nights she snuck
up here and if I've been to bed before
Mike she'll come and sit next to me and
cuddle me and last and I might try to
pick her up and she like came over and
sat like in the crook behind my legs
that under my bum she's like don't let
him take me downstairs no so we're
currently hanging up these two pictures
on the wall which were here and here in
the hallway before and I really like
them I'm really classy about it just
once I redecorate it is before Italy
massacres like a horrible wallpaper
everywhere but these pictures are going
back up and then the stuff that was in
here actually isn't I'm gonna do a
little updated in here because I added
the table from my flat which isn't
staying but semi-permanent and then this
chair is actually one of the like table
chairs that's going in the flat but it's
not being used for the next couple of
weeks so I thought until the carpets
here it can fill up the room a little
bit so it looks a little bit more homely
like the picture hanging extraordinaire
in Tweed that's that one with the lights
in there going crazy that's that one and
then this is the other one is it strange
I really like these pictures I like this
one the most
so lately we've read Mac with our heels
on a membrane
they're not framed that well but my
momma gave them to me I also wanted to
update you in here because the walls got
lined in here today this is what they
were like before like really patchy
plaster and the ceiling is all smooth
and I think paint will probably starts
going tomorrow so when I'm back it
should be done and then this is the
bathroom but not much has changed in
here but the plaster has been and class
without the wall and the bath is in
which Ashley loved this bath it has like
squared off corners kind of like Art
Deco kind of style and love it
it's from heritage bathrooms if anybody
wants to know but yeah love it and Mike
actually made these boards the other day
because the pipes go up the back so
they're not in the wall it's looking
really really good in here already I
just can't wait
thrilled you finished never finished my
vlog last night and it's now the next
morning and I'm doing my makeup and if
you want to see that then come and watch
tomorrow's vlog basically my camera ran
out of battery and then I put it on
charge and then fell asleep so yes that
was the end of yesterday I'll see you
tomorrow
which is actually this morning I'm doing
my makeup come and join me see you later
guys good morning guys today in the
filming day
like this do you like it
I've been trying out white along the
road I'll make up which I never use
before ladies we just been kept up a new
boilers makeup
