good morning guys so today is a filming
day I have just put my makeup on it
looks like this do you like it I've
actually been trying out quite a lot of
Road Isle makeup which I've never used
before they used to be just the skincare
run and their boilers and makeup and
they sent me some recent least I've been
testing out I've got their foundation
like contour blush lip liner but not
gloss like eyeliner mascara and powder
on today so it's like half well a lot of
my face is road I'll today and I'm quite
liking it so far I'm actually slightly
obsessed with this lip combination if
you can see it's their lip liner their
nude lip liner with ariana grande like
shimmery MAC lipstick on over the top
loving it anyway so today I'm filming a
handbag my ring lights like I am filming
a handbag collection and I was a sneak
peek I'm gonna show you but just thank
you know I was a little bit like I know
I feel like a hoarder going through all
of my handbags and actually picking out
the one something like right I'm gonna
fill my collection what have I got that
I like didn't show in the previous video
they didn't have in my previous video
which made two years ago and these are
the handbags that I have acquired in the
last two years
oMG guys I've got a problem my name is
Fleur and I am a handbag addicts right
I'm gonna fill my video now and then I'm
gonna make some lunch actually didn't
vlog breakfast this morning because it
was so manic we got in and by the time I
got to bed last night it was 2:00 in the
morning and then I woke up at 7 so I've
been like a zombie this morning fueled
on coffee I'm back on the coffee
oh dear and yeah I just have like had a
bit of a slow starts morning so I'm
gonna film this and then get some food
and move on with my day a little bit of
a fail I forgot to charge my battery
before I started filming which might be
oat Mike's blowing his nose will be very
smug about because I always forget to
charge everything and you're always
right basically never changes you're
always right when it comes to charging
things available but yeah so I
I make some lunch before filming because
let's face it I really have a choice
because I have no spare battery that's
another thing that needs to be on my
list of things to do
this month is get a spare battery for my
main camera and for my vlog camera
because this focus I think I might need
a new vlog camera because I know I know
which means I probably needs to happen
doesn't it Mike you put it on there this
is how much Mike reads product that he's
putting on is that a lip balm
what's Hannah's elf what is that thing
it's like hand cream it's definitely
hard sell yeah I reckon this was what
was in well some of the things that are
in Mike's goodie bag from the last night
it feels tingly on my lips you got but
that's Burt's Bees lip balm you like
that I think juice cube you got a boob
feeling stick here that you can stick
somewhere toolbox the headband no I know
it's circus nice all right oh my god
seriously so embarrassing some hair
stuff there were few other bits in that
but I've tidied them away already and
it's actually my brother's birthday
today so are we going to zoom in all of
you I think oh he's coming over I'm
having a meeting with him how where does
this I'm having a meeting with my own
brother because I'll tell you a bit
later anyway do you know what was
happening this in the time well I've got
the Mole Man coming
no no he's humanely catches them instead
of me losing no he we had a bit of an
argument last week because Mike had
these mole traps to catch the moles and
making mole but at the moment of all
what's going on here what's what on your
face there's some kind of sticky stuff
that's got dog hair stuck in it have you
been outside yeah oh dear anyway that's
my brother's birthday and I have got him
a wallet is a pool Smith wallet I got in
Vista village it was reduced from like
150 quid like 60 quid so that's really
really excited about it and it's I can't
show you because I've already wrapped it
up but it's basically like the plane
Paul Smith wallet with the insides got
the headphones on it and like lots of
like vintage headphones and my brother's
a musician so I thought that was really
cool and I wrapped it in spider-man
right
because he is 5 he's actually 33 but
yeah and then you feel glitter hilarious
it's also his wife's birthday and I got
her a portable toilet as well from vista
village and mcplayer and it's got hearts
all over it lunch today I'm cooking up
some of these prepackaged qui lentils
which Martin basil I love these things
they're from merchants gourmet I get
them in waitress but they're really
really tasty so I have like 1/2 pack of
those really some mushrooms some
tomatoes some broccoli and some kale mix
it all in with that maybe he needs I
might put some extra sun-dried tomatoes
in it maybe for a bit of extra flavor
I'll show you the finished result in a
minute
another thing I wanted to show you guys
I got this in the post just now and it's
from my friend Jane who I never see you
know those friends that we were actually
at school together
and she was the year above me and me and
my friend Lizzie hue guys will know were
such good friends with her and then when
we left when she left a year before us
we kind of we never lose touch we've
always stayed in touch but we really
don't see her very often I probably see
her once a year but yeah she wrote me
this postcard from Lucas which is a
place that she goes to every year which
has it just off the side of Scotland I
think it looks really beautiful there
and she's written on the back of the
envelope I wrote this in October and
Lewis and lost it had to delay sorry
lost 11 and she's wrote me and though on
the back because we saw her in the
summer for her birthday party so it's
like a thank-you note a smash a postcard
and it just made me really happy
postcards need to come back as they are
awesome another thing that just arrived
are these I ordered some new ski
trousers this year I may have ordered
new skis a new jacket new trousers now
that I don't need but yeah I really
really love these I had my eyes on them
for so long as my old trousers I had
some really nice ones before and the zip
broke and we can't fix them / they were
just really really too small for me cuz
I've had them since
14 and then I bought some like as a
stopgap when we were out skiing and the
zip broke and they now have started to
go at the scene a bit dusty everything
in our whole house at the moment is
covered in dust because of the
decorating and building so they need a
bit of a white because I think I just
put them down somewhere dusty but they
look like this they've got the kind of
like biker padding on the knees which I
love and then they look like this this
is not very exciting if you don't ski
it's like just to explain it's really
hard to find good ski trousers like I
like quite tight-fitting ski trousers so
they're like comfy and I just I don't
like the really baggy ones so I was
super excited by these and they fit very
tightly
we're not slightly snugly they are snug
as a bike I'll show you next week with
my actually skiing like on what they
look like on a little outfit today so I
do have any jacket as well so these
combined with my postcard made my born
essay as the lunch so we've got kale
lentils mushrooms tomatoes olives I put
quite a few olives in there coz I like
them and broccoli YUM yeah it's a bit
later now but on the plus side I've
chosen the curtains I'm having in my
bedroom I'm not gonna show you till they
arrive because it's gonna be an exciting
moment but yeah I'm going along the kind
of gray scene but with a little of
silver silver thread on a big fan of
silver thread I just had my meeting with
my brother and my brother-in-law and the
other guy that works with them because
they work together it's all very
incestuous and basically to let you in
on a little secret we are working on a
special project that may or may not be a
nap and it's not a nap for me or like
about me or anything it's just a really
cool app that we've been working on
together so I'm going to tell you more
when I can but keep your ears pricked up
for that because it is super exciting
it's kind of been in the works for over
a year now so yeah it's not quite in the
place where I can share with you guys
but there is something cool coming it's
actually my brother's birthdays well we
gave him I told you that already duh I
gave him his present he liked it we're
going over for dinner tonight so I'll
show you what I eat we're getting a
takeaway very naughty and I didn't go to
the gym this morning so I'm gonna hit
the gym tomorrow morning to make up for
it I'm hoping my mom actually came over
I got up really early
put my gym gear on and my mum was coming
over at 7:45 to go to the gym she
arrived and was like I'm so tired I
really don't want to do it and I had had
like five hours sleep so I was like meeh
meeh that and we flaked out didn't go to
the gym so it's gonna it's gonna happen
tomorrow and now on our way to my
brother's house and I'm wearing Mike's
massive dog walking jacket
because it's really cold I'm actually
quite loving the cold weather because we
did not have any of this Christmas when
was this cold weather if there's
Pescador just know but it's quite cold
now for did what he says quite cold it
has been really cold the last few weeks
well it's got it got freezing and stuff
I never Mikey I know it's a people call
Mike Mike you but I don't a lot of stuff
done prepped but everything about one
thing down into the levels what was that
go to your mom's to try and find my ski
it's actually a really nice one from
Jackie it's like a special Jeannie
brought exactly has like straps across
the chest piece keys in it put my snacks
and they put my sunglasses in a put my
sodium in it put my hip flask in it
basically I use Mike as a capital
someone is gonna pull out in front of us
beep oh my god what he actually nearly
killed us it might have been watching we
would have been smack really into the
side of that
yes anyway we're all away to eat no you
were completely in control he was just
being a bunker and in the corner for a
beer yeah I said you've had I've been
looking at if you were like oh yeah this
is mine keep your eyes on the road I
look at the block yeah
voila prawn curry action going on in
this corner came from Louie so we're on
our way home I'm tired you tell by my
eyeballs after eating a lot of curry and
mums extra special chocolate it's white
chocolate fresh cream birthday cake with
proper jamon it's really amazed us and
milky stars on it yeah we're on our way
home now and that's gonna be it for this
evening I hope you've had a great day
we'll see you tomorrow catch it well
hello there guys how are you doing long
time no see today is the 1st of February
and as usual every what are you doing
first of the month knows that rubbish
Thanks
