well hello there guys how are you doing
long time no see today is the 1st of
February and as thank you what are you
doing first of the month snow is not
running thanks for that thanks as you
guys know I daily log in February and
this year is no different I'm gonna be
daily vlogging today we have an exciting
journey ahead I will let you guys know
where we're going when we get in the car
it is now twelve fourteen and Mike and I
are on our way to the train station yes
you're getting on a train whether you
like it on that crazy time you've been
on a train load basically I'm always on
the train alone and Mike never comes by
Khoi traps everywhere so today we have
an exciting exciting day because tonight
if the copperfield celebrity dodgeball
but it's not just any normal dodgeball
oh no they are playing with boobs and
because I am a confident ambassador if
you guys have seen my video on my main
channel last year about checking your
boobs is really important everybody
check your boobies regularly so because
of that they asked me to play on the
team for their charity dodgeball however
I've ever win and dodgeball is
definitely not my forte so I managed to
broke Mike into playing instead so likes
going to be on the team and I'm gonna be
a cheerleader until kinda feels for you
you are it's really bumping this card
sorry man so before that we're also
going to Liberty's too
look for address because as I'm going to
the BAFTAs next week I'm so excited
Mike's actually coming with me as well I
Do's on Valentine's Day - its kind of
amazing I don't want to give away too
much because I'm gonna be doing a video
there and like all the outfit and stuff
but we're going to Liberty's to pick a
dress today which women on they're
planning for like weeks and weeks yeah
you can get a dress to a nice pink
fluffy one coffee this is my first
coffee I've had in over in Italy Mike's
have arrived first
smug kids are they tasty
what are they the motherlode has arrived
we have four mushroom buns they were out
of the trance P buns today which mic was
a little bit gutted abouts we have black
porn dumplings which are my favorite
excess color and veg done things and see
if we sticky rice which is their burst
these are the best little possible sub
sticky rice with prawns and anyway I'm
going to try it
just use your fingers in there the ping
pong destruction happened and it tasted
good
shall we go dress shopping now for you
princess Mike yeah flowery well don't
deader than dead oh there is Liberty is
the dress shop and everything shop of
Dreams Mike's dream dress shop it's
genuinely one of my favorite places to
just mosey around and look it up even if
I'm not shopping because it's so
beautiful and if you guys have never
been selected before have you ever been
to London if you do come here I was
thoroughly thoroughly recommend checking
it out because it is amazeballs I'm
gonna show you why
the personal liberties and look at this
window that looks down on calorie Street
best view ever so we just had the most
amazing experience in Liberty's personal
shopping and I found a dress well
actually it's not a dress but you guys
will see on the 14th when we actually go
to the bathroom oh my god I'm so excited
we're now rushing off for actually but
late because I tried on about 15 dress
pants we are on our way it's who the
dodgeball the boob or should I say my
are you ready are you sure you don't
need a quick 5 gyres convenient for
heading up to all to the circus tube
station and we're gonna jump on the tube
and get I think it's like a tube and an
overground we're going to the Olympic
Park I'm Olympic partner me neither
first time ever like three or four years
after the Olympics
yeah here we go Mike are you ready to
dodge dip something like has got to
scare you're looking amazing
he's probably dirty dodge balls - yeah
maybe we're fun - yeah this is a really
unflattering I feel okay we can get more
unflattering we're walking through to
the arena Mike's going to get glitter
before you do
you go k you gonna do a dance do it
dance Mike's the worst dog set in the
world
this is brilliant so funny look at the
boom mic is now getting glitters just
going purple because he's part the
purple team and I've got a cheeky wine
this is before in case you forget what
he looks like
having lightning bolts he having one on
each side yeah like
are you ready I'm ready I feel really
bad I'm not competing now would you like
to make positive you need to like chop
it up I hope this comes out tomorrow can
be in soon you had a window no mics
limbering up with his team over there
that can you see him
right now my boy
half time how are you doing it was
nervous and she is genuinely one of the
funniest things I've ever been to
Mike nailed it we now let's go back on
the train with this on your face we're
waiting look and you can see the jiggly
thing from Olympic Park the
jiggery-pokery we're waiting for an uber
and there's like nobody around my hair's
crazy looks like no one no one on the
road we're in the middle of nowhere we
are having a post-doc shit and Mike's
ordered some chicken
who's he didn't eat any food and I
actually ate some when we were
I made the world in the deep well you
know take that caryharri drill this stop
is just like it's way better than the
source isn't it I don't know it's very
very crap and then you've gotta you've
got this crazy purple cousin
