good morning everybody and welcome to
the last and final day of flog mas' 2015
it's Christmas Eve and Mike and I are
sitting on the sofa
you've got PJs on I love you CJ so my
favorite PJ's ever the dogs here and we
are watching else and Mike said you have
to start the vlog now it's a bit within
elf where he's getting on the escalator
this is kind of similar so mike says to
what I do when I go on escalators I'm
like you have to be careful and this is
me it's official mike is saddest person
on the planet he not only has a giant
iPad because he's a massive geek but
he's also now got a pen for it
and it plugs in the end like that that
is so dorky interesting low increase how
it works like does it actually work
doesn't work either you've been buying
presents for yourself before Christmas
and they don't even work I know you want
to me but if you looked at it out there
look at it training really race like a
monsoon like the rain I don't like the
rain but I just good squeeze oh really
please outside oak tree go calm down
is it time somebody for snacks he wants
now he wants next special snacks this is
what we call a pig how much do you love
everybody push oh so much do a stipple
now
you know what it's time for now what's
the time for now mdf nights at the
Museum
Oh what three I don't even see that one
no no that's why we're watching it cuz I
don't see any either
this is snuggly right can't watch TV
beauty like this move now what why do
dogs stop doing cute stuff as soon as
you start filming Trika was just washing
a piglets face piglets sitting here in a
Christmas jump like yes wash me ma got
all the presents nothing anymore no
mom's for lunch we are aren't we I've
also no cracked-out my maid well checks
car which is kind of becoming a bit of a
Christmas tradition because I cracked it
out last year this is the third year I
probably have it to be honest I love it
oh cool no one else has their food yet
cheeky Christmas Eve drink hi food is
ripe I ordered a very non Christmasy
smoked haddock with a poached egg and
mashed potato and mumbles home know it's
Christmas when there's a cheeky sprout
and vegetables sitting over on the other
side table and just got an interesting
request then over and said I love how
one of you film and you're like so got
this really extreme question where do
you like any of my dessert you literally
never share anything because you steal
before you get a chance to know you know
why he artists because it's chocolate
pudding and he knows I don't like
talking pudding that's exactly why you
are it's not because I don't down there
yeah it's been all nice for you is he
Christmas tomorrow yeah what does the
little one do on Christmas Eve she goes
outside and gets mucky and dirty so
we've given her a little wash in the
sink what a monkey you very unimpressed
she's like but it's Christmas what are
you guys watching what is it oh the
Christmas squidgy looks like you're
boarding it up their new hooligan is it
Christmas squeegee so I wanted to come
and show you mums dining room because it
is so festive and amazing and I'm so
excited for tomorrow this is her treat
she actually has two trees this year
there's one of the sitting room one in
here but this is the one in here and
it's got red and silver baubles and then
this is the table and it looks amazing
mom actually made this tablecloth
yesterday I came over and I was like
what do you do sir I'm making a velvet
tablecloth I think we're missing a few
chairs but I've got the crackers out the
wineglass is out there's even a glittery
reindeer on the table and the fires
going as well this is one of my favorite
memories from being little is this is
drew up this giant fireplace and we
always used to leave mince pies and
brandy out for father Christmas on here
which I'm sure spike and Lily will be
doing later on as well but I'm just so
excited everyone's home for Christmas
and it's so festive
Mike's upstairs in my parents room I
think ringing ringing his little app
when you don't have kids this is a
tactical stuff you do the smallest dog
in the house has got the bones and a
good girl piggy we're on our way to
Lucy's house for our annual couple of
drinks with her and Bailey and Jess
super excited I've got the presents in
the back already and wrapped where are
they there's one the other thing could
like write down floor and yeah we like
exchange gifts and everything on
Christmas Eve every year so super
excited about that that's probably gonna
be it for tonight guys it's the end of
blog first Christmas Eve is here
Christmas day is nearly here it's 8:05
right now we go and have a couple of
drinks and then go home and watch a
movie and go to sleep and be all festive
but I hope you guys have enjoyed frog
murmurs thank you so much for watching
and I hope you all have a lovely
Christmas I miss you already
I'll see you in the new year Mike says
Happy Christmas Mary get ready for the
last and final jingle of 2015 sad tear
coming down the face Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas Mike and I have just got
back from the pub and it's a bit of an
add-on to our vlog but everyone is
asleep now and because all the kids are
in bed everyone's put their presents
downstairs I just wanted to show you
guys how ridiculous it gets in our house
at Christmas this is actually mental and
I'm pretty sure 90% of these presents
are for the kids Mike just hooked isn't
this ridiculous I've never seen so many
presents in my whole life we have a big
family but this is ridiculous look at
the massive ones they've got to be for
the kids the giant ones
oh my god it's gonna be madness in the
morning welcome mrs. Bachmann day 22
it's Christmas Evie
I am actually starting to vamoose it's
Christmas Eve really yeah are you sure
yep it's a day especially a day sir I am
actually starting my blog come on
