good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
22 it's Christmas Eve Eve I am actually
starting the vogner's fan it's Christmas
something like Christmas Eve early yeah
are you sure yep it's a day especially a
day so I am actually starting my vlog at
lunchtime today because I spent all
morning having a makeup overhaul like a
massive huge ridiculous makeup overhaul
I have been clearing out all of my
makeup I don't use anymore some of the
stuff I'm ashamed to say is like six
years old and I've been clinging on to
it because I was just being a hoarder
and I've had to admit to myself we need
to throw this away it's gone off you
never use it and you're just keeping it
to be sentimental and it's ridiculous so
I've done that today and I feel so much
better so I kind of cleansed my soul of
makeup without getting that deep I also
picked out a couple of things I wanted
to show you guys if you've been watching
YouTube since the beginning you might
remember some of these products they're
all lip products I didn't keep other
ones out but the first one now this was
one of my favorite favorite things when
I very first started youtube six and a
half years ago
it's from Mac and it's called fun
fabulous dazzle glass I don't know why I
ever thought this would be flattering on
the lips but it obviously you have worn
at law is like half finished I also have
a couple of MAC lipstick again this one
how was this ever gonna be flattering /
vet it's like a shimmery lilac it seems
like in 2009 we were all obsessed with
lilac as well because I also have this
one which is berry M's one two nine
this was like the thing back in the day
and it is really gonna make you look
like your dad's to be honest what's the
next one oh this one I'm really sad to
throw this out actually but it is
genuinely seven years old I think it's
makeup goes off yes like you learn
something new every day Mike what are
you doing there you cooking we're going
to come back to you and tell everyone
about your cooking because it's quite
spectacular if I may say so yeah
so basically this was Cheryl Cole's
favorite pink back in the day it's like
bright pink with a blue shimmer
undertone I'm gonna have to throw that
way it's very old this one I'm really
sad about getting rid of as well this is
a tender tone
you guys remember tender tones they're
flavored like kiwi strawberry like
honestly they taste so good and I only
use like a quarter of it I've had it for
ages and ages and then this one was my
favorite lipstick for a couple of years
actually this was from Gemma Kidd was it
Jemima kit Gemma kit yeah she did her
own makeup and this is her glow stick in
what's the color
Bridgetown oh my god I love it and I
loved the packaging as well these got
discontinued years probably four years
ago look click love it there's also a
Chanel one that I'm letting go off
because it's five years old this is from
Chanel and it's famous this is my
all-time favorite red sad times sad
times I loved it it's like a really
bright Christmassy red but with a pink
shimmer in it love it also another one
I've had for probably over six years is
Estee Lauder's crystal baby I'm gonna
buy another one of these because it is
an amazing color it's such a nice color
and the texture is amazing but I've
nearly finished it actually anyway but
it's again just really old and this one
almost all this is hilarious gosh is
darling which is the most unflattering
nude imaginable it's like concealer on
your lips and then this one I'm really
sad to throw away because I've barely
used it and it is beautiful it's from
Topshop and it was one of their limited
edition lipsticks look at it it is a
pink crystal e sparkly lip balm it's the
coolest thing ever
but again it is gone off it is gone off
because they have a sell-by date on them
most lipstick I think it's three years
for lipsticks yeah I've gotta get using
some lipsticks bye bye my dear friends I
have loved you very much anyway onto my
cooking what okay so you notate the
pastor off-mike scooting pasta for lunch
but I don't know if you guys watch every
year my cooks a Christmas ham every year
and it's spectacular so that's what he's
been doing this morning he's been given
the major task of doing the Christmas
gravy for my mum my mum is the
entertainer at Christmas and that the
feeder but Mike has been allowed to do
the grace because I feel like your mom
knows everything so at least then worst
comes to worst I'm doing the gravy it's
past a time made by the most handsome
chef in the world try some cheesy
no thank you born in love show us your
piece of meat love it coming out now is
it cooked I'm not sure I'm up to three
hours now but look at that pot Mike
bought a new ham roasting pot that is
giant all again no idea oh it smells
amazing smellivision huh that is a giant
Christmas ham Oh yummy free doesn't mean
who you agree are using the juices to
make gravy viewers that you mean you can
use it to make salt salt salt I mean I
was thinking might be a bits of it no I
was thinking it might be a bit salty to
use for gravy but you can make soup pea
and ham soup yeah this year because it's
very yummy
Felix we did that last year because you
don't know me well have you got going on
in there so this is what we're making
the gravy with mommy Rosie eat them know
you'll see you'll see we're gonna do
you'll see sister weird Jamie Oliver
recipe she's getting ready to film my
best in beauty videos for 2015 and I'm
playing Michael Buble in the background
whilst I'm getting ready feeling so
festive right now so I just finished
filming my video and I wanted to show
you this masterpiece of gravy in words
that Mike's been cooking he basically
smashed up with a potato masher all of
the chicken wings and stuff added in
what some flour flavor and then smashed
it all up Jamie Oliver your recipe is
looking amazing and let me tell you guys
if smellivision existed you would be
drooling right now it smells so good
you've reached a mid-afternoon slump and
we're cracking out the chocolate orange
yes baby one of my favorite Christmas
treats Oh yummy
Mike and I are now in the car on route 2
my friend James's house we're off to
London actually did this Landon we
actually did this last year as well but
we went in the daytime I don't know if
you guys remember from the vlogs and we
went to borrow market for this year
James has actually bought a house so we
are going to his house see it for the
first time and go for some drinks and
dinner I'm gonna show you my dinner but
probably not gonna vlog because there's
someone I haven't met before as well
coming and I just want to chill out
because I don't get see James very much
and I don't know I feel really
uncomfortable a lot of the time vlogging
with my like non floor key friends
there's certain friends that like really
vlog ball and other friends are not that
ruggable so you'll see a little bit of
footage from the mine but not too much
so that is what is going on
mike is driving how's your drive there
Mike taehwa is standard feels like a
Sunday Drive well I mean I don't run and
you may not put this in but if you do
bad drivers it's not bad drivers it's
just people that basically
and lanes on a motorway offer overtaking
if a girl's wants me to Facebook so why
are you not saying the left-hand Lane is
just rant rant rant Rhys Jones also
Moodle babe I know we also had Lane just
move over and then we all basically
everyone move out of Mike's wagons
driving too fast I think yeah so much me
so we're on our way home now we have
such a good evening I'm feeling so happy
and festive and glow and funny it is
five minutes to Christmas Eve right now
at 11:55 or on our way home Christmas
Eve Eve is turning is Christmas Eve and
we exchanged gifts as well so this is a
little what I got for Christmas from
James and Izzy I'm so excited about this
I got a furry bag charm pom pom which
I've actually wanted it's fake fur by
the way guys
I've actually wanted one of these for a
didn't really keep seeing them in shops
I'm like a really wall of my bag note
the color as well as like Kingfisher
blue I love it my bag
yes so that is it for this evening we'll
see you tomorrow when it is Christmas
Eve
oh yes but sadly the last day of
Lovelace Sounders came here at this
corner so quickly crazy time to tea
tomorrow guys prepare yourself for the
festive jingle pie
good morning guys what was the 22nd of
December woke up like this yeah you know
it's nearly Christmas when the sparkly
now
comes out painting my nails with
glittery red than one curtain
Christmassy manicure
