good morning guys welcome to the 22nd of
December woke up like this yeah did you
know it's nearly Christmas when the
sparkly nail varnish comes out painting
my nails with glittery red I'm one coat
in Christmassy manicure and Christmassy
pajamas with many a dog hair on them
because I've been cuddling the dogs dog
walking time piglet is thoroughly peed
off because she's on the lead I'm now in
mom's car mom she's got a new car look
at the color of it so we are heading off
for lunch a little festive lunch with
our friends Jane and Livie who are not a
mother-daughter team I love it and we've
got a secret little passenger in the
back
hello Doodlebug who's that on camera you
can say hi to everybody
are you not in the mood today
what Leila's not in the mood for
chatting today but we're going into the
pub for a Christmas fetid lunch I've got
my check scarf on me and Lulu matches my
way the girls got matches my scarf
brilliant
yeah I'm really hungry actually haven't
you break this today I don't know why
normally I wake up but I'm so hungry
first in the morning but then bumbling
around this morning and I haven't had a
chance to eat any breakfast let's go and
eat some snacks and if you only news now
you excited for Christmas yep yep you
prepare the fridges of wool is the
turkey here the turkeys arrived Turkey I
know Christmas is the worst time of year
for turkeys really what was that dude
huh
president
from where presents from father
Christmas presents from the sock a shop
shop what have what about the presents
from the shop
you want to go shopping
that's all we trying to say you want to
go shopping victus you dick I mean she's
basically a mini-me yes
I mean yeah I keep getting the name
wrong I love mom keeps calling her
flights so how similar she to me was a
totally you are brother I know you have
a brother what's his name his name is
spike do you love him very much and
what's what would he like for Christmas
what would you like for Christmas a pink
doggy not a pink doggy with the lead in
the wall
and batteries wow that's that's tums
sounds more interesting than piglet
a pink one that sounds good you know how
many more sleeps it is till Christmas
how many it's actually three we're
hoping to we hope I wish it was two as
well but it's actually so my foods
arrived I got Cod with curried chickpea
and spinach with all got envy of loubies
party epic choice epic choice winning
would you like a cup of tea love would
you believe I more support I'm gonna be
okay
you've got cake cheeky monkey would you
like tea what you thinking nobody just a
regular traditional boring to English
tea
I was thinking about Darjeeling Wow look
at that lemon drizzle cake it's doing
funny things to my camera it looks
delicious
I'm gonna go for popcorn tea hello this
is my normal teabag my superior popcorn
popcorn teabag Mike has this really bad
habit so anyone else do this where he
just puts the tea back in when they have
the little paper thing so the paper goes
in the water and gets all talking I find
that really really annoying
one cup we are on our way to the snow
dome in milk Eames we are going
snowboarding I'm actually really nervous
Mike's as well we're meeting Jack there
so basically the reason why we're going
snowboarding is Jack has never been
skiing also voting for in his life and
we're trying to convince him to come on
a ski trip with
however he's determined to snowboard so
to find out whether he likes it we're
going snowboarding and Mike and him
we're gonna go on the road because
Mike's eminent never snowboarded either
and I was like I don't want to stay at
him alone and then Lisi bested me
yesterday me like waiting tomorrow I was
like we're snowboarding you are coming
so we're off the only problem is it
could be less
snowy or festive right now the weather
is absolutely mr. pants now but you're
gonna get snow because you're gonna go
to somewhere where they've got a lot of
snow they guaranteed snow now this is
not like Christmas so what we're doing
is cranking up the Christmas tunes so
far on the shoe front I definitely
prefer boarding we've also found Jack
who is decidedly confident in his
ability as he's wearing the most garish
outfit ever next to Mike who's matching
with the instructors love got my board
not gonna lie feeling a little bit
nervous right now but me and listening
and matching this one was like I'm sure
nobody's gonna be my thing we were like
okay confidence
you still look crazy you seen a red hat
and you'll be all the primary colors I
don't think my comment quite bit my big
sweet Jack has the biggest head in the
world back
first rundown is complete you can see
Lisi coming down here it was actually
really fun I'm not gonna lie it's not
very graceful I feel like very very
clumsy doing I haven't died yet here we
go guys
what was that listen he said you're a
natural this is the demonstration of
what we're gonna be doing right now it's
not happening I'm I'm sticking to skiing
I just fell over on my butt and it
really hurt no one else is falling over
on their butt yet just me what my phone
is but well I might just watch you guys
for this one look I want to be doing
this skiing like all of these
sophisticated skiers I don't want to be
boarding they think I'm a natural
snowboarding while I warm with the pros
were protesting at the top
let's see coming down now this year's is
off go get him I think she won't be
sticking to scheme
go but go Lissy will you do this again
I'm not so sure
protesting she's no different on skis
can everyone vacate the entire MA all
she's going the wrong way she's full on
protesting but now I genuinely can't we
could have gone a little whole nother
run while she's passing around how much
you douche you got halfway over take her
because we will literally get pasta okay
there we go here we go third fourth on
it's gone get some oh oh oh she's got it
she's got it she loves such a cool
snowboarder I just wish you'd like him
do it works do it so flirt not talking
about what okay so right here we're just
not talking about okay I have I have
Mike and Fleur
this is snowboarding record of
achievement okay Mike technically thick
well done Graham smiley face the FDF the
big FD yeah tick tick tick tick ticket
oh wait oh and we've got extra Hey
oh are you just skiing now and never
snowboarding ever again and out maybe
snowboarding is not food shut up you
you're smug so smug snowboarding is not
my pang but at least you tried it and
I'm not gonna lie being in the snow when
it's more rubbish rainy weather and it's
nearly Christmas definitely makes me
feel more festive so there's a rosy
cheek and now we're going to lock find
Jack cakes fish ha I get my revenge I
get my revenge and make jack eat fish
every time I see it was to top it all
off one of my nails just came off
completely I painted this morning great
from snow to hideous rain this is
disgusting weather call this Christmas
bah humbug
when you suck so bad or something you
need a giant drink afterwards you know
you're really suck I'm gonna keep you
happy now caporals friends time baby
what's your spoon ask for your dinner
you guess mush for me that's when my
oysters you've got one I think she
thinks were sharing the oysters they're
all mine
y'all you can do this spoon
I've got a perfectly shaped nose for
this way up on you wanna see you
this is how this is how mature we are to
commiserate being terrible at
snowboarding I've ordered oysters yeah
we're going all-out least he's got a
lobster as it's Christmas Mike's got
some pasta I've also got a bit of soup
because you know sustain yourself even
Jack's eating fish well so I was really
naughty and didn't finish my vlog last
night but if you want to see what we're
doing today then make sure you come back
tomorrow for more vlogmas thanks for
watching see you tomorrow
it's nearly Christmas get ready for the
jingle good morning guys welcome to
vlogmas day 21 today i've just filmed a
makeup tutorial for this look so you
want to see this is going up today so
already be out by the time this video
goes out sound Lauren Jackson's made
over last night and Mac's just come
around he's driving us into London this
morning
