good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
21 today I've just filmed a makeup
tutorial for this look so if you want to
see this it's going up today so already
be up by the time this video goes out
Sam Lauren a jackal stayed over last
night and Matt's just come around he's
driving us all to London this morning
because Sam and Ron have worked I've got
meetings in London so we're going on an
adventure
Matt's going shopping though which I'm
quite quite jealous of I might join you
for a couple of hours so I'm currently
editing my video in the back of Matt's
car Matt's car today being the biggest
old man car I've ever seen this is how
we're rolling to love it it is quite
something close that is exactly just
describe it look at the trim it's
amazing
loving it we've got the Christmas tunes
on blue skies and like probably a two
hour drive but let's forget about that
we've stopped on roof for snacks I've
got a tasty Starbucks bagel and a chai
tea latte that she did not put enough
trying and Lauren in the back there
asked for no water and it tastes amazing
my one tastes like hot milk and he even
asked her for another pump she gave me
another pump it still tastes like hot
milk no unsatisfactory chai tea lattes
it's and those the kind of thing that
will ruin your day really ruin your day
there me and Matt have drops hammer
Lauren on the work and we
in killing time don't push the shopping
we're in the Christmas gift e section of
Selfridges which is one of my favorite
places I want everything
they have so many toys and look at the
ceiling Oh magical this is what Matt
wants for Christmas
French Bulldog speaker and you plug your
phone into his head is so funny
it's 1199 pow
Christmas bargains and what do you do
when it's raining and you're out
shopping with a boy put it on your head
I didn't get an umbrella seriously we've
found an interesting sculpture on the
way to Selfridges car park to mating
hippos with red eyes I don't know what
it's supposed to mean but if anyone
knows my favorite a little crazy
anything that's just not gonna fly I'm
pretty sure don't
Costanza Romani things like all over
your face so I've just got my meeting
went very well
exciting more exciting product
development stuff for the makeup range
next year now Matthew is here and we're
off for a snack to locate snuggly snack
before driving home to Mike we realized
when we hear that like Mike should have
definitely come today like he is at home
I'm pretty sure he didn't like an hour's
work this morning but she could have
done before we head it off you should
have calmed the miserable gibbs
he's gonna get grilling when we get
we've located the food small size so I
may or may not have fallen asleep in the
car on the way home my eyes are really
really red but we're having a cup of tea
with Matt before he goes home the
clearly tired sleepy Matt Mike is here
I've missed you today
how's your day been it's been exciting
you've been with the kids haven't you
I've also got to see the kids I fixed my
car many things have happened today
I rang Mike on the way home and he was
like I've gotta go I'm looking for baby
I was like uh what babies are babies
that because I don't think we have a
baby and unless I forgot something spike
has a little toy that he calls baby
which is a fluffy rabbit and he lost it
did you ever find it on the road so much
oh no and he wouldn't go to sleep
because baby wasn't there
sad times sad times I'll never put baby
in the corner and I'm opening this which
is my first-ever Dipti candle this is my
Christmas present to myself this year
I've been eyeballing it up for a few
months it's the if you say it bays I
mean it looks like days doesn't it maybe
it's by be there but I think it's based
as in like total Bay yeah this is it dun
da da da da da da smell super strong
can't wait to get burning this my
special Christmas candle currently
watching Mike
Spike's got dancing skill this is
amazing snaps I wish I'd witnessed this
it snuggle time with the tution ugliest
girls in the world o P he's so cute
she's watching because Mike's snuggling
tree call over there and she's jealous
you've got major FOMO dog major FOMO
oh you're too cute I can't even deal
with it so somebody gets back and this
is what I have to deal with the square
root of no cuddles to me comes for these
two and she's asleep
what a disgrace what do you think of
this squidge I'm just very happy because
you got a wiggly tail mmm
Magali tail Odie bit more in the corner
well we'll see you all for another final
few days of vlogmas get ready for the
jingle squeeze jingle Ausmus xx means
there's only four days till Christmas
basically I'm like dude I'm doing my one
of the girls on my onesie because Jack's
here Jack's cooking house usual follow
basically Jack is our friend he's not
just a slave I promise but he he's very
good at good because tramble days like
this
