good morning everybody welcome to the
20th of vlogmas the 20th means there's
only four days till Christmas basically
I'm like to do I'm doing my onesie dance
in my onesie because Jack's here Jack's
cooking as usual for know basically jack
is our friend he's not just a slave I
promise but he he's very good at cooking
he cook scrambled eggs like this oh my
god men look amazing you need to wake up
the other gifts not some quoi so what
else do we have some toast on the go and
we've got the best bacon in the world
from the local butcher that is like
mystics like your wedge bacon oh it all
can you see inside it looks so good and
Kelly's still here because she stayed
over is currently making coffee is the
strong one everyone is strong that one's
vanilla the white was vanilla and then
nice it's really nice the best one
although I think you might need a new
one of these
this one's caramel these are these are
my faves I might not do these yeah you
should try one of those okay I've got to
go make salmon or another cuz they're
asleep but it's my least favorite job is
waking people up like like seriously it
gives me the heebie-jeebies so I might
just shout down here so shout really
loud breakfast is ready
and I've got to put the Christmas tree
lights on get right under here someone
recommended it's getting nearly broke
the printer someone recommended getting
a remote of the Christmas tree lights
which sounds like a nifty idea but to be
honest I quite like the challenge of
lighting the Christmas tree lights also
Jack gave us some new decorations
yesterday which I was going to show you
he gave us two of these which is mom
designed
aren't they cool and
put the lights on it's actually a really
nice day today and it's starting to get
a little bit colder which is good
because I'm not gonna lie
being like 15 degrees yesterday doesn't
feel like Christmas it's just terrible
well the presents under the tree smile
by the way look so festive I love it
apart from the world's ugliest rug one
day we'll change this hallway one day
just thought I'd point out that squidge
is definitely the happiest is next time
it's looking telegin other two miserable
logic was about me is obviously finished
eating piggies just munching away as
good as I yeah this is amazing
this is also how to fix a bumper that's
got a dent head right all but I'm
pushing the back and dent removed build
it so this is why it's happening right
now I came in thinking all the boys are
gaming I'd like to game do some racing
games no it's football games piglets in
the middle hey I love this dance like in
the most thing they're like and I put
these here do you like those there Mike
also the stocking I don't I want to hang
them on here but we don't have any of
those holders so I have no means of
hanging them on and you can't obviously
put nails in this because it's toe so
dogs are like they don't understand that
this presents going in there but when
there are presents you're gonna be
unable to resist this which is must
clean my screen currently having a Mario
Kart smashed down I'm losing very badly
but are you winning
I came third not for long Jack came six
I came ten right come on
I'm currently kingboo on the lycra Wario
cycle we're gonna do this this is
turning into a gaming channel come on
I'm last again and boo-boo
I just as I was doing well again come on
come on Oh
9y is going on second first night I'm
still top of the table I'm still top of
the table man
Oh congratulations to me yeah you'll see
Jack well done second Fleur baby peaches
on our way to see Star Wars very excited
I am with loss
Jackie's driving for once which is which
is unheard of spike normally drives and
Sam is also in the front the others we
left my go home no he didn't the others
are in the nothing yeah we locked you in
the booth
the come here I'm speeding the others
are in another car what meeting in there
we're just recapping what's happened in
Star Wars so far because someone had
Jack and Mike and Sam as well actually
were really antisocial last night and
snuck off and the end of the night to
watch the last bit of the last Star Wars
so they were like recap talk basically
Darth Vader is dead Luke Skywalker was
burning him at
and Princess Leia we're getting it on so
we are now going to get five guys to
prepare for this epic adventure in the
space and time
we're in five guys right now we're about
you might get really overexcited about
it
and what like look at the menu so many
toppings
I haven't been to five guys since la
like years ago Hanna's experienced a
raspberry sprite is they actually good
are you sure it's amazing it's really
you can get raspberry like they just mix
everything with everything I think it is
there's a funny smell coming from it are
you sure that this is apparently the
little chips many chips and I got in my
burger where's the list Mike we got it
lettuce pickle tomato onion mushroom
jalapeno and hot sauce you so much food
much yes I don't know how I'm gonna eat
this
I can't even let's do it triple the five
guys devastation is real I'm gonna go
around the table and I'm off everybody
to say one word to describe it
that's two words one word to describe
we've just noticed that five bison quote
about their epic burgers on their cup
and the first one is the Londoner who is
a vlogger I'm thinking guys this is a
message to five guys if you want to put
my quote on the cup one day that would
be epic
please put it on the cup period if you
being American
if I ever see you on the cup I will eat
here every day for a week I came
upstairs early before the others to go
to the loo and I'm now spying on them
from ops yeah it's so busy in here
tonight look when they're unawares
munching their popcorn Mike's on the
phone having a chat Lauren just drops
and pop got on the floor
so entertaining I got the best technique
when you've got no hands for eating
popcorn as their stormtroopers guarding
the queue the perfect popcorn for first
bomb and dog
there's a massive celeb in the house hi
I'm Jake deal he's a big deal here and
his lightsaber is for me is he your
father
it's not mine if someone got so excited
about they they drop their pop or maybe
he lost the force made him drop the
popcorn my knees made some new friends
ready for this next to you for a reason
we've got someone for us our failure is
down there
look the action the actual real Darth
Vader that was actually amazing I wanna
watch it again immediately and we want
to say spike we think like it might
wants to go again now we're gonna go
back go to bed now because it's rather
late but I'll see you all in the morning
only five more seats a guys who excites
me get ready for the tingle it's not a
Star Wars jingle so it's kind of rubbish
but it's still a jingle here we go
through the 90s of December so today is
a day of our Christmas party every
single year and why can I throw a
Christmas party at home and this year
we've gone all out on the cheese as you
guys know and I'm just starting to set
everything up I've been tying the
kitchen this morning
