good morning everybody and welcome to
the 19th of December so today is the day
of our Christmas party every single year
and why can I throw a Christmas party at
home and this year we've gone all out on
the cheese as you guys know and I'm just
starting to set everything up I've been
tidying the kitchen this morning so as
you can see there's a little bit of less
mess I've still got some way to go and
I've still got to tidy up the dog's mess
in the snug but yes I've been tidying
and getting ready and now it is time to
like pre prep the cheese board I'm not
going to take the cheese out the fridge
yet because it's still only lunchtime so
I don't want to get to right but I'm
prepping everything else around the
cheese board as well I just remember I
didn't buy figs and I hope if my kissing
on supermarket may be able to get figs
and that would be a brilliant addition
to the cheese board so harvest year we
ran out of biscuits so this year I've
bought that nine hundred gram tub of
Jacob's biscuits these biscuits these
biscuits and these biscuits we are not
running out of biscuits tonight however
I did think the leftovers can go to my
mom's for Christmas Day so yes the
cheese board is going to be epic
currently putting on some Christmas
party music Harold uses decide between
the playlists on Apple music there are
so many I just can't even
awkward small talk and inappropriate
something-or-other
Christmas shopping - ultimate Christmas
party that's the one I've been playing
loads Christmas pop Christmas number one
contender's no morning off night for
best of Christmas number ones Christmas
crackers driving over Christmas tis the
season to be jolly I'm gonna go for that
because it is the season oh and it
starts with Buble of course it does
off we go I'm currently prepping the
mulled wine we've actually bought these
really glasses arousal we've actually
bought like pre-made mulled wine this
year but I'm adding some orange and
cinnamon sticks just to give it a little
bit of authentic mold enos and mike says
she brings some apples which we're
missing I'm gonna throw it all in here
and leave it to brew before he stood up
late so Mike's cook shepherd's pie is
this night and they're all he's cooked a
lot can you see all of those stacked up
there for everybody's night but he
forgot that Becky is now doing free
which is celiac
so he's been out to get some supplies to
cook her her very own Shep that excite
is a lot of they come and EBC freeze
them and then your individual little
minions so we're cooking our special
gluten-free her own pie in gluten free
and my Becky pie unlike also found these
lip gluten-free mince pies she's gonna
be just that's a lot of bacon you've got
as well this is the problem when you
send mine no you all Russians are bacon
that's 24 rationals of bacon send Mike
to the butcher who comes back with all
of these currently I'm packing the
cheese so that it can get down to like a
good room temperature before everyone
gets here and I wanted to show you guys
this because it's making me laugh this
is the go solar anise squidgy that looks
yummy if you guys are into cheese you'll
know what I mean the cheese is tempting
me right now I've covered it in cling
film so that the cat's don't get it but
oh I can't wait to eat this so what
happens right before we have party for
Christmas you guys go outside and get
super muddy and then right decides he
wants to give all of the dogs a bath so
that the house smells like wet dog
that's a great smell isn't it big a
whole tree is a strong look for you
piglet I would recommend rocking it on
many occasion
treecko's like oh I was first Miss
goody-two-shoes is in the shower two
little ones and you the good girl around
here don't think again wash with that Jo
Malone bath oil this is Mike come Mike
for the Back to Black I think I've
mentioned this before I don't know what
dog you were buying for but we
definitely don't have any black goes
yeah but it says white
hi I'm struggling to remember last time
the kitchen was so tidy it actually
doesn't look that side II because it's
covered the whole sides are covered with
crisps which we're gonna put dip in the
middle cheese more cheese need to move
that in a minute and then all of the
garlic breads YUM and all of the
Shepherd's pies and this one is a
special gluten-free
Becky friendly version we've got we're
gonna put beers in here huh
oh you put G oh yeah
this is GF you can't really see you
should have spelt it in ketchup or
something mind you just ketchup
gluten-free
who knows and then we got the glasses
and the mulled wine and nobody's here
yet and I am way too excited you guys
need to up what's going on squid was
about to mount tree cuz I saw that these
guys need to dry off a little bit they
will piggy-wiggy gets a bit stressed out
and I'm wearing this dress again for
this evening it's been hanging there
trying to get the creases dropped out of
it excuse me I wouldn't do anything I
dropped it guys I think there's a little
bit of confusion with these slippers
whether or not their dog toys or
slippers say your new buddy who's a your
new buddy big pink does not like the
fact there's another sausage dog item in
the house
kill kill piglet
so seeing as Mike took over the entire
rest of the cooking I have decided that
my responsibility this evening and the
pigs in blankets and just to annoy Mike
and make his OCD alarm bell go off
I'm literally emptying them out into the
pan like this and then just yeah just
tributing them when Mike does this he
lines them up look at him they couldn't
stop it it's mine he lines them up
perfectly in the line they're gonna be
messy and we one more we fit them in I'm
not doing it I'm not a part of this not
even begin to deal with this stress
enough just calls me I think that is a
good job done we've got a little while
before everyone turns up so Mike's
putting on fear the walking dead which
is what are you doing you're resetting
the system because this could take five
years pull the plug out
somebody pulled the plug out because you
pulled my my Wi-Fi charge you're out I
had to put it back in so yeah this is I
want to show you guys the mood lighting
we've got going on in here I find it
really hard to like balance the lighting
outside let like I never know whether to
turn the spotlights off and then leave
the rest of it on but I've actually put
those ones or in these ones off and then
I've got these lit so I think it's good
and then in here we've got only the side
lights bit of mood lighting we've got
our candles burning our big jo Malone
candles burning they were actually from
our wedding this one keeps going out
though I need to keep relight it
no they keep going out they haven't very
well and then in here we have many mood
Lighting's actually looks really bright
on camera in real life it's a lot darker
but yeah we are gonna watch some zombies
now and then I'm gonna get changed and
then we're gonna get our party on as a
nice Christmas jump you've got there but
I'm sorry
really it's Christmas
I just piglet what do you think about
these wonders they are terrible terrible
choice take them off take them off we
are having a cheeky little of the
glasses per second for everybody else
our eyes Kelly is here Kelly came a bit
early cause she's driven up and yeah
yes she's saying she's in the princess
room Mike's telling you off you need to
move your car because it might be in the
way these are crisps guys are you ready
they've got stars on them they've got
edible stars amazed to me so I didn't
finish my vlog last night because we
were too busy having fun
piglet had a great time didn't you Pig
you mean sociable getting cuddles from
everybody feeling very festive she
didn't have our Christmas jumper on
there which I was a bit disappointed
about but it's so hot I thought if I put
you in a Christmas jumper you might
overheat and then you know pop the clogs
or something and then we'd find you with
your legs in the air on the sofa and be
very upset on the plus side the house
would be a bit quieter piglet no no no
no we wouldn't want to lose you ever so
yeah that's gonna be up today I sound
very croaky because I was talking a lot
last night and the kitchen with lots of
people and it gets really noisy because
there's no curtains or anything soft in
there to absorb the sound so you end up
having to yell and then everyone yells
it just gets louder and louder and
louder and then you lose your voice like
I did true story you know tomorrow go
find your friend oh yeah that's what you
did mr. Andrew so
I went and found Jack Sam Matt and Mike
all watching Star Wars in on their own
um Mike yes what are you putting on now
diehard is not Christmas news amazing
this is dire
a Christmas movie or not at the ice at
elf or the Santa Claus that's a great
underrated film was just die hard I
disagree I think we should we shall have
a Santa Claus see you all tomorrow guys
get ready for the jingling jingling
lovely people and welcome for the a-team
me and Mike are currently what I found
fascinating took me out as we in like
the currently or on three
22:10 I have a meeting white things came
back to me today
