good morning lovely people and welcome
for the 18th of December me and Mike are
currently whoa Pam personally took me
out me and Mike are currently on off the
street
it is 20 to 10 I have a meeting and
Mike's taking the train back with me
today like I don't remember I think the
last time we got a train together was
probably last Christmas it's very
exciting I know I'm sure we have one
that's my cousin doesn't play very often
so fighting for time on the train with
me we are going to locate some caffeine
immediately to shut the Starbucks next
to Selfridges so we're in Selfridges
super-early is really quiet I love
coming self just early in the morning
cuz there's no one else here was a few
people and we're going to this coffee
shop downstairs
which is called Dolly's I was like
contra for the name but it says on the
wall is cool my coffees arrived
hello mr. coffee what I like even more
is they've got constellations and stars
and stuff on the table which is totally
out of focus there we go you have got on
really tasty looking armor class on
which I am rather jealous of I had some
cereal at home but that looks better
what kind of tea have you got just a
breakfast tea no English breakfast tea
and you know what's behind us the Tom
Dixon section I know this makes me
really sad and it is quite ridiculous
observation but Mike was just pouring he
said to you there was like enough party
I was like
as in houses I was like that's really
weird it's like a weird thing to say
when you're pouring teen then I was like
oh wait
he loves property town same property and
property sugar lump what is your issue
with sugar lumps they look really good
the issue is you don't have to be a team
that's a bit of a rubbish observation I
quite like looking at them do you did
you ever you see them when you're a kid
ibex obviously when I went to school my
mum sent me in my little tough box a
little mini box that Sugar's to the
accessibility now it's all to focus I
spent the first week of school eating
straight sugar you were crazy
so now made me feel really something
it's not good I it make gives me the
heebie-jeebies eating sugar lumps I love
sugar the idea of actually easy like it
makes me a bit like oh you know when
they give you the polio vaccine on the
sugar love I struggle to eat the sugar
lump I was literally like well did you
ever have to eat your sugar lump at the
doctor
polis oh yeah little bit different just
a little bit different my meeting went
really well it was actually a brainstorm
meeting for new it was a brainstorm
meeting for new products for my makeup
line and I'm super excited I've got
another one on Monday so there's
exciting stuff coming hi MDF on cutting
your head off there sweetheart
wait on you to realize is my mouth
that's all this is because I'm five foot
three and you're six foot it's like a
big difference we could do this first do
that instead and I've got a snack pot oh
yeah the egg snack pot with the spinach
that's what it's all about so we made it
back Mike survives the train and mike is
a genius okay because Mike's got this
really special app on his phone called
Nando's and you can pre-order Nando's
when you're on the train you can order
wherever you are but we've ordered it
when we're on the train for collection
two minutes ago so I should probably be
ready because some time you get there
anyway and we're gonna pick up I hope
that is convenience it's so good Nando's
tweeted me back about it Oh what did you
order
Booya I ordered a salad with chicken so
I'm really jealous I also just may have
gone a bit sleepy and have fallen asleep
on the train on my shoulder and OH salad
acquired and you know what else I got
some chicken for the top and a mushroom
skills Mike love you you are brilliant
so we've just got home and Mike is
playing chef ready for tomorrow night
because we're doing so we're having our
annual Christmas party for a night which
we always do either the Saturday all the
Friday before Christmas Mike sleeping
giant chef inspires and I wanted to show
you guys these slippers new look just
sent me these slippers there's sausage
dog is so ridiculous the only problem is
the dogs think their toys this is Mouse
mum's dog we also have octi which is my
dad's dog and she's the naughtiest dog
in a whole world yes you are Elsie and
she's been trying to eat these she seems
very disinterested now I've got a camera
out but she has been taught here we go
she's been trying to eat them for the
last 10 minutes squidgy Roos here
defending all her toys from all age
really growls at her and little piglet
wiglet it's all the way over here and
she's so grumpy and you grumpy little
one you grumpy think it's because Aussie
bullies her we need to bite a big lip
she bullies you you not sure in that
yours
Eureka's is the best Christmas ever is
that Oh No
doggies are coming no it's mine it's
mine oh you want it so bad but it's
treacle now it's Christmas divorce do
you want to see my hunger I never cook
with you I think can come yeah you can
go do your things do you reckon I've got
enough potatoes in here sizeable amounts
of potatoes and need to get cooking on
some mints Oh cut off for everyone got a
second one on a mousse so I've gotten
added my onions and I'm sweating down
with you Cara it's a bit of garlic also
added to chilies in there it's gonna be
a bit of a high this year but you know I
have a bit of warmth in the old Shepherd
hopefully it's gonna be good also quite
a small amount of mints that somehow
I've got to fit in there I'm not sure
this is gonna fit just squeeze it in but
as you can see it's quite full so I
reckon all I have to do is when the
potatoes are done in there I'm gonna
have to go half an hour so I can
actually get the sauce off decent
failure I told I have a big enough it's
not thicker so I'm currently quite smug
as you can see how much I've brimmed to
get that all in one good so now that I
let that simmer focus please I'll go in
the tattoos are probably another 10 or
15 minutes and they'll be done mash them
let that simmer cook for a while then
we'll make it all up put it in the
fridge and it's really for tomorrow so I
was a smart aleck and I've got one two
three four five chefs buyers check this
out
perfectly made now just go to your
finishing touches and they're ready to
go nailed it a little bit of a mess over
here what we're gonna do dogs beat it
people eat it fickle yes these the keys
to a good shepherd's pie is this bin you
got to get a fork now you just got to
kind of wiggle and make it sale the
ledger so they can get nice and golden
brown with a bit of cheese and pepper on
top they think I have a fan of the
cheese gratings look at that cheese
peppered afraid they're gonna be good I
don't think I'm good to be their
technical food poisoning let it suck
there's a little bit later I think
Mike's been vlogging his making of the
Shepherd's pies for tomorrow I have just
taken my makeup off because I got a
really so I can you guys see that how
red this is it's really gross but I
don't know why it's really like
irritated and red today so I just took
all my eye makeup off
not that I had much on I just had like a
little bit of liquid liner mascara
I've just been editing my video that I
filmed with Lully the baking video I'm
so excited for the feedback on it
because I think it's the cutest thing
ever so anyway yeah that's what we know
today we're popping off the pub now for
dinner with my parents so I'm gonna end
the vlog here but I hope you all had a
great day and I'll see you again
tomorrow for the next installment of
vlogmas we're having our Christmas party
tomorrow and I'm so excited
I should realize there's stuff all over
I think that maybe my cooking mmm no get
ready for the jingle welcome to the 17th
of blockless I'm listening to Michael
bubl√©'s Christmas album right now that
is right it is a week till Christmas Eve
super exciting I'm actually heading off
to a she's nearly trot and dog food I'm
heading off to a breakfast with
