hey guys welcome to my second ever
pregnancy updates video this week has
been week five and I thought it would
make another video and just update you
with any kind of changes and what's
happened this week the main thing that
happens we've told a few people so we
decided we were going to tell a few
people early before the 12-week scan
just because I wanted to talk about it
the main person has been my sister so
she's the only member of like our
families that we've told and it was
actually really really exciting telling
her and she was so excited and so sweet
which is really good and then I just had
a ton of questions that I wanted to ask
her about it what's normal did she feel
sick obviously because she's related to
me things like that are quite
interesting to know because like am I
likely to feel like this is it normal to
feel like that of that kind of stuff so
awesome telling her and then I also told
the three girls I work with and this was
an interesting decision cuz I know a lot
of people don't tell or don't want to
tell people I work with but for me
because of the nature of YouTube and
what how we work together and everything
they kind of need to know because if
anything happened anyway if anything bad
happened I would they would probably be
one of the first people I told because
I'd be like can you cancel this I just
need some time out or whatever so I
think in terms of thinking that and also
in terms of like eating out and things
like that so like my management team
like booked most of if I like go out and
meet somebody for like a lunch meeting
or something they will book that and
normally I'd be like Oh sushi and like
I'll be drinking whatever cocktails and
stuff so that's going to be an obvious
change so I think they would have
guessed pretty quickly anyway so I told
them and that was really nice too they
were all super excited and in terms of
how I've been feeling I've definitely
started feeling it a bit more this week
I've been feeling so tired especially
this weekend which is like the end of
week five for me I started to feel a
little bit sick for the first time which
I was kind of like oh this is brilliant
I don't feel sick at all I wonder if I'm
not going to start feeling sick at all
and then as soon as I kind of started to
think that I then felt sick the next day
but it haven't in fact
haven't been sick and I haven't felt
really really sick I feel a bit queasy
and haven't been any particular times
day there it's just like randomly I
definitely become more sensitive to
smells I've noticed that 100% like if
someone's cooking something I'm like oh
if I smell and I've been crazy like
emotionally crazy like I'll be crying
one minute in hysterical laughter the
next and fully aware of the fact I'm
being crazy as well so like I'll be
crying my eyes out and Michael be like
oh my god like it's okay don't worry I'm
like I just feel crazy I'm like
emotionally mental so yeah I'm just like
up and down like a roller coaster in
terms of my moods but I think that's
normal the other thing I'm really
worried about is not really pregnancy
related but kind of is I'm supposed to
be doing a half marathon around three
months mark and the problem is if I was
already kind of like fit enough to do it
and had trained enough to be that fit
already I wouldn't be so worried about
it but my problem is that I am about
halfway there and I've got quite a long
way to go over the next six weeks and
that really worries me having said that
I also have shin splints at the moment
I'm going to show you my legs because
they're taped up the shin splints sexy
I'm in my dressing elbow and I make porn
on web and in case you're wondering but
yeah so that's causing a problem anyway
so I don't know if I'll be able to
physically do it even if I'm sick enough
but that's been kind of a tricky one
because I've been trying to get running
and get moving again and manage my shin
splints and get physio I'm getting
physio twice a week but in terms of like
the time that I've lost because of my
shin splints I'm really worried that I'm
not going to be able to build my fitness
up to do a half marathon whilst I'm
pregnant because I don't want to do
anything stupid like if I was fit enough
I think it'd be fine to do that and I've
been reading a bit online and obviously
there was that thing in Sex and the City
where Charlotte like didn't want to run
when she was pregnant that was fine to
run it's like I know it's fine to run
when you're pregnant but in terms of
like building up your fitness to that
level when you're not fit will not add
fit I probably do six
but not 13 that's my point so I'm a bit
worried about that and I think I'm
probably going to have to cycle it at
this point I haven't told anybody
apart from Mike and I just really I'm
just so gutted that I'm gonna have to
disappoint people but hopefully
everybody will understand like it's
tricky as well because I can't tell
people about baby yet so it's kind of
like all riding on the shin splints
whereas actually it's kind of a
combination of the two that's causing
the problem I made my first doctor's
appointment as well which is in a couple
of weeks time I'm excited for that and
just like everything to kind of like
start moving itself I don't know like it
feels a little bit weird to still at
that stage where you're like if it's
actually even happening like I am
guessing everybody thinks that before
they have the first camera oh my god
like is is that even a baby in there
like how do I even notice but yeah
so that's this week not much else to
report really feel a bit queasy now and
just exhausted like quite honestly it's
about half-past nine now and I managed
to get up half shower that's been
pottering around I've been like
packaging up some post stuff and things
it's Monday morning and I just I feel
exhausted like I could get back into
this look how tempting this bed looks
right now I could just go back in and go
for another couple of hours sleep easily
but I'm not going to do that I'm going
to get on with my day and I'll see you
guys next week for more updates
hopefully might have been more
interesting next week either like weekly
updates is tricky maybe I should get
Mike involved see his perspective how
crazy I've been acting but yeah so
that's it for this week's update I will
see you guys next week bye
