good morning everyone welcome to the
17th of vlogmas I'm listening to Michael
bubl√©'s Christmas album right now that
is right it is a week till Christmas Eve
super exciting I'm actually heading off
to a and she's nearly trolling dog poop
I'm heading off to a breakfast with
Estee Lauder this morning and then go
for a coffee with my friend reek and
then like he's coming down there so join
me it looks actually like it's gonna be
a nice day today
there's a peak I say a tiny little peak
of blue sky coming through it's actually
really not cold either I'm still waiting
for winter to kick in like I'm wearing
okay I've layered up I'm wearing like a
t-shirt shirt and another jacket today
I'm not cold at all come on winter we
need you for next week some snow would
be nice too but I wanted to show you
this awesome view look at this it's
amazing how many cranes are there in
London right now adays they are building
new city in London apparently but if you
look carefully you can see where we were
yesterday
China you can see the London I can tada
and Big Ben is over there so from afar
yesterday we were close now we often
look at estee lauder christmas tree is
so beautiful Mike this tree is better
than yours if you're watching ha ha ha I
just bumped into a curious character I
think I've seen anything anyone like you
before
I don't remember maybe a long time ago
strange-looking fellow hello Mike has
been last night to see Star Wars I'm not
gonna lie feeling a little tired this
morning because I got about 3:30 you
just made a very bold claim about it you
know genuinely is it's up there with it
if not it possibly is one of the it's
one of the best movies ever seen in your
whole life it's epic
oh it's amazing I'm actually really
excited to see it now I've only ever
seen
yeah because I'm really amazing I'm so
excited and can't you tell I'm really
excited now it's cuz I was driving maybe
put a bit of emotion it was late I was
tired and then I had a lot of sweets and
so when I when I left
I'm Aiden do you see what Marcus said
after I finished no she made no sense I
was like jibber jabber so it's a great
film
everyone must like JibJab now we're
going to get food food time this salad
is so yummy I've had it for the green
mango prior it's amazing I'm gonna eat
it all up in my belly
good so we're now on the way to the
cheese shop my cheese for the Christmas
party on Saturday it's only Thursday
night it's gonna be smelly to get home
without stinking that's the question I
don't think they have enough cheese so I
just had way what is going on here I
just had way too much fun in the cheese
shop Mike did not put the cheese in the
fridge I just said oh did you put the
cheese in the fridge that calls it but
the cheese in the fridge on the side we
got the biggest slab of oh my god it's
actually like moving is that soft it's
like golden cream gorgonzola what else
did we get we got tipsy billy goats
cheese with whiskey Washington whiskey
and H cider we've got I like that put
the labels on them we got this one which
actually doesn't have a label on it
which is a truffled Brie my favorite I
wanted to get the whole thing but it was
something ridiculous like 30 pounds
Ritchie girl I can't stand that which
I'm watching you that's crazy and then
we also got a saffron hard cheese I'm
gonna show you these when they're out on
the cheese board on Saturday I get so
excited about cheese
I've got Isle of Mull traditional
farmhouse cheese which is like a strong
like a plain cheese but it's quite
strong I've got this one which looks
really interesting
it's called Lord London how cool is that
it's like a soft kind of like camembert
type cheese like a soft cheese it looks
really really yummy and it looks like a
boob and then the last one is an of
course which is a super stinky apostle a
cab
cheese cheese cheese it's not so stinky
I just been doing some editing and we
are now sitting on the bed this one what
are you mister you seen my massager my
lip does all of my electric massager
watching the crazy pigeon lady watching
home alone - on microphone and I am
making my new vlog life because I'm
actually behind one day we are going to
the Horse of the Year Show Olympia yeah
I don't know what it is something very
multi thing tonight
not buy-in divorces but we get to dress
up eat food and drink champagne
apparently I don't Ricky shut please I
don't have it what are you drinking then
that's a good angle I'm gonna drink a
glass of champagne because it'd be
delightful but yeah that's what we do
excited might find another sit here I'm
about myself
apparently there's horses involved
primers although dogs are doggies
pedigree Chamba I like sides also just
best Donald Trump's cameo in home alone
- did not realize he was in this film
makes me like it a little bit less a lot
less it's still home alone - but yes and
they're not editing out please just in
case I needed confirmation that Mike is
an old man
sexy breath is know that good looking
good
we're into the good going
I don't think piglet could do it but I
think squidge might stand a chance
and a zoom in on them if you if you put
like a ball if you put like a ball over
one of them's like barking it's like
really excited look at that one lying
down like that one there he's not into
me he's lying down he's like whatever
I'm not gonna win I'm not gonna win
someone's filming him looking a star I
like that I which one are you going for
I'm going for this grey one here okay
I'm the nice one lady remember the rock
star yeah that one might go for that one
I'm gonna fly one let's see who wins
look at him go he is cool like he's
bouncy old jumps for the dogs at home
this is the one that Mike let's bet
we're not a bet but this is one that
Mike thinks is going to win good he's
good he's called rebel without a pause
he goes number two this is my dog right
look he's quick one sir he's definitely
got some is it a sheepdog he's got some
sheepdog it always quick come on what's
his name his name's skinny when wet the
household cavalry they are badass
basically
father Christmas's here's the actual
real-life father Christmas and it's
snowing we know
Hey
hello we've got back and we've had a
YouTube disaster disaster I don't know
what is going on in the last week is
having twice the vlogs if you guys are
watching me you'll know you should spend
like uploading them funny and I've just
checked the file from my video it worked
it works like off for five minutes so it
must be by the pairing the audio starts
at five minutes
yeah what's all the way through YouTube
you failed
YouTube is failing orange lining that is
lining MDS so bold you know what I'm
gonna do right now I'm gonna put kale on
we're gonna get your back
I can I'm gonna get your back massage
around and I'm gonna I'm gonna no I'm
gonna have it my back myself how rude I
think at this point we should probably
end at evenings event yeah I've had fun
actually it's been a busy wait it's like
way more like cool than I thought it
would be I told you it was gonna be fun
Christmassy it's Christmas Eve
festivities very faster cool see you all
tomorrow for vlogmas day 18 so 18 101
week tonight is Christmas Eve not one
week tonight centers going to play and
have you also confirmed town that's the
line right have you confirm what we're
doing on a couple of days for Christmas
you told people how he is no boarding
lesson we're going aboard in we're doing
something we've never done before I'm
quite nervous actually that I'm gonna
bruise my bum we're gonna wear elbow
pads shoulder pads you don't break your
wrist yeah that'd be I think I'm not
gonna lie I don't think I'm gonna break
on wrist in so don't know they were
gonna be that the quite equipment you
never know my land funny who well no
your snowboarding adventure mm-hmm hips
you have right yeah please tweeters any
tips MDF so chassis this is like the
biggest outfit ever see you tomorrow
prepare yourself for the jingling jingle
it's coming right now
prepare yourself
