good morning guys and welcome to the is
the 15 16 16 oh my god Temba I know I
say that every morning I can't believe
it but today I have a color what is
brown rice porridge where if it'll focus
brown rice porridge with white miso I
haven't tried it yet but it sounds
really interesting I'm with the lovely
Gareth who is totally out of focus hang
on focusing there he is
oh yeah because today we are over and
done my hair doing different handles for
every which is pretty exciting because
normally it's just me looking kind of
windswept with straight in town and
everybody notice our changing and we are
a bit early so the breakfast look
amazing my way sweet corn fritters and
they taste amazing they look so good
okay so I'm on the second outfit today I
didn't do the first one because it ended
up being a little bit more hurried than
I hoped so we're now in Shoreditch and
we've been shooting against this amazing
mural how cool is that there's so much
cool stuff around here and they also
have tube carriages on top of this
building where they have officers in
them and they're all covered in graffiti
love it and I'm not going to show you
the outfits top secret
going for lunch now and then we're gonna
shoot the third outfit then we're
heading back to the flat getting changed
and yeah we've got six in total so I
think it's gonna be it's probably heated
up by the time we're finished which is a
good thing I'm gonna get Christmas
lights are still in shortage we've also
just been shooting outside shot but okay
Michael bubl√©'s Christmas album it's
officially Christmas feeling really fast
at the Sun sighs go down a bit I should
extremely nice day look for of the day
we're shooting in the middle of the road
on Regent Street was standing on the
island not dangerous we're not in the
middle of the actual road for an island
and look at the sea this is a sneak peak
well I got my stars onto the second to
last look and we're walking down a to
Piccadilly Circus right now I think
these lights are my favorite of all of
the lights in London they're just so
basic but so pretty this is like a
London like Christmas light tour of
London hi big man we are now heading
towards the river to get a shot because
Piccadilly Circus as beautiful as it is
was a bit dark and bright and crazy so
we are gonna get one here and then we're
heading over to the lot of time which
you can actually see from here it's red
I don't think it's normally red maybe
so we have wrapped the shoot for the day
and we are give me an hour to go for
drink because it's been a long day I'd
say 12 hours yeah 12 hours but we are on
the south bank
it actually looks so pretty look the
London eyes behind us and then the river
is all lit up and you can see all the
Christmas lights and stuff we're
actually going to a pop-up Christmas
market I think which is just down here
to meet Lauren who you guys will know if
you watched my vlogs all the time
because she's made a few appearances
over the years I'm gonna have a drink
and some food because I'm hungry with a
capital H un gr y all capitals not just
one capsule all capitals now on the hunt
for food and drink this so much tasty
looking food that was a mac and cheese
place polish Delhi as ladle and skillet
a Greek there is another bar selling hot
toddies yes
whoa cheeky chai there's Indian Street
food oh my god there's so much food
grilled cheese I don't know what to have
guys burger yours I located a hog roast
bun I am a happy yeah and we haven't
quite as well it's all good just got
back and I've got my PJs on I we were
actually just sitting by a fire pit at
the winter thing on the south bank and
you know when all of the smoke is like
coming at you I freaking stink right now
it's about 11 o'clock I really don't
wanna have a shower might wash my hair
and everything so I'm gonna have to have
a stinky night's sleep
ooh I just feel really really disgusting
but I'm just knackered it's weird like
shooting a lookbook it's like doesn't
sound and it's like really fun when
you're doing is up isn't sound like it
would be like tiring or whether by the
end of the tape so tired we spent all of
the day just like hopping around London
hopping around London so it's been a
pretty long day it's 11 o'clock now I'm
gonna head to bed probably gonna use my
little well I'm not probably I'm
definitely gonna use my little massage
cushion I have it out and ready to go
I've got my flirty show on cuz you know
just in case I forget my own name
and oh yeah another thing I want to show
you guys which is really cute I've got
this little necklace the other day I
think it's just from Aurelia but it says
dream on it I think it's really cute I
love my little gold necklaces a nice
stacking them all up this is just one
that I got actually I got this when I
got married and I bought quite a lot of
questions about actually comments and
they the make of it but I bought one for
all of my bridesmaids like little charms
when them says always and there's a love
and a key and I got all of my
bridesmaids their initials and then like
a little charm that I thought kind of
represented them and then I got one for
myself with like my initials in like
always might kind of suck on that so I
really liked it anyway
that's gonna be up for today I see you
all tomorrow Mike's coming back to
London tomorrow so I'm really excited to
see him I really miss him because I just
been feeling so festive the last couple
of days and it's never the same without
like yeah I'll see you guys in the
morning
bye get ready for the jingles I'm Way
too excited this morning
today I still need event
what's been laying everything else is
asleep eat ice and laying everything out
here and like organizing everything
