morning everyone welcome to the 15th of
December company this is 15 I'm Way too
excited this morning I am putting
together a look with video that's
actually gonna go up just after
Christmas
I've been working with the past couple
of days and I still need a few bits to
complete all the outfits I've been
laying everything out it's a bit of a
sneak peek I've been laying everything
out here and like organizing everything
I need a bit of color in there as well
cos at the moment there's a lot of black
which to be fair I wear a lot of black
this time of year so it's true of what I
wear but I need some color I'm going
shopping today to complete the mission
but until then I'm listening to one
Direction's album I have never liked I
like one direction but generally I think
this album is like the best stuff
they've done really liking it got the
fairy lights on feeling festive
I think it's breakfast time as a zoo sit
down to breakfast time at the zoo trying
to get the zoo push sit she didn't
sit but oh well she's not very good in
London at behaving herself better food
meal all they've got the same food as
you picnic come on yours is just smaller
pieces know what different food is
doggie walking time in the park and
we're currently playing cat's cradle
with the Leeds piglet is staring at
something in the distance I'm not
entirely sure what she just had an
encounter with the cutest puppy in the
world and barked a head off at it so
mean look this is a problem oh he's
scared of the corridor what is it about
corridors big come here no come on you
silly Willy you silly Billy you being a
silly Billy you all right I'm here I'll
look after you come on don't scared now
on Regent Street and kind of earlier but
I am on the hunt for the last outfit
because like I said in my previous vlog
I ordered a bracelet came in the wrong
pocket so I
my dad's favorite shop bound to find
something there and then I'm gonna get
on the last to outfit like one two how
many things actually maybe I'll jump in
there one of my favorite things like
Christmas is Selfridges shop window
they're so cool
a stop for a cheeky little lunch I got
some mussels and fries naughty
also just popped into the gadgety bit of
Selfridges and finally got myself a new
phone case I smashed my phone ages ago
and I took into Apple shop the other day
and they gave me a new one it's like
totally new phone within like four days
and if you guys can see I've done this
let's just miss the camera but I was
like I need to get a better case so I
found this one which is from spec it's
many be quite get as many be like drop
resistant and all that jazz but I like
the design too has like the raised edge
over the screen so hopefully I won't
smash this one I dropped my phone about
50 times a day
I also picked up a couple of goodies
from the gadgety section of Selfridges
which I show you want to get home quick
out for the day when I'm in a changing
room today I am wearing my Burberry coat
that I got last Christmas for a Mike my
Sandra like two and one share jumper
thing my Topshop see the ripped jeans
which is like totally busted at the knee
now my nihilists the thorns which on
camera you can see my socks through them
but in real life it's less obvious and
my Chanel bag murder
my crazy ex has been writing
I'm currently walking up Oxford Street
and I thought it was snowing it looks
like snow right it's actually foam
coming from but there is foam falling
from the sky very bizarre and wish it
would snow be so fast and it's so cool
down here as a steel band playing
Christmas song so many likes for a bit
of said foam on Milan's back with 7m
flights on my favorite this year that I
will multicolored and starry oh my god
guys I just found this Fagin Zara it is
very very close in designs the Cloe one
loved her even in the rain at the look
beautiful
it made a cheeky little detour into H&M
home I want everything in here it's so
cool I love these I wish you had them in
Gray's oh but I finally got everything I
needed for my looks more and I'm feeling
like a drowned rat right now because
chiyan outside my hair has gone crazy
got the point where water dripping down
my face you down the street I was like
this was bad I need to get into a coffee
shop so I'm sitting in the practice at
the end with a match of our takes any of
the caffeine boost and the sparkling
water and look at the water on myself to
say I've just got back to my flat out
she went out for a couple of drinks with
a very good friend of mine and his new
girlfriend and I'm not going to tell you
it is but it's why I just think it's
kind of you know I wanted to meet like
meet them and not be vlogging and stuff
so I think clog that but it was really
cool and she's actually really nice so
I'm really happy for whoever it may be
and now I'm back at the flat and I want
to show you two things I bought today
which were really exciting the first one
is something from Mike stocking I've
actually bought all of the things for
Mike stocking I spotted this and I was
like this is too good not to get for him
so Star Wars Millennium Falcon like
miniature model made out of metal you
don't need any glue or bouldering or
anything you pop them together using the
tabs apparently which I'm intrigued to
see how this works it looks epic I'm
pretty sure Mike will love this look how
cool it looks he's like so obsessed with
Star Wars right now we've booked tickets
to see Star Wars of the IMAX
on Sunday but Mike's going to see it
tomorrow night at midnight when it comes
out by himself who's that kid because
I'm not there and then I also got this
which I spotted in the gadget section of
Selfridges I've actually had a really
bad back for the last well actually 10
years
I hurt my lower back when I was about 17
and it kind of is a recurring injury
like it keeps coming back and at the
moment it's really been bothering me and
I spotted this it was like on display
like going it's meant for your neck it's
like a little cushion but I think it
might be really good for my back it's
got a heat and it's like a roller
massager because a lot of the time I get
Mike to massage it out for me once we
really saw and when I'm not with him
obviously and it's hurting then there's
nobody that can do it so now I have a
machine to do it I'm gonna get on my PJs
now and test it out this is what it
looks like guys it's quite funny isn't
it I'm gonna turn it on so you can see
what it does oh oh my god like self as
well I didn't realize that that is so
funny
it looks really dodgy I'm gonna massage
my own back now I'm gonna go to bed
and give myself a little air back
massage I don't know what that crazy but
it has doing weather I'll see you guys
in the morning I am shooting my lookbook
tomorrow morning so exciting stuff it's
gonna be a manic day it's a really early
start as well so I'll see you then bye
guys get ready for the jingle good
morning guys welcome to the four-team of
vlog vlogmas the 14th of December I
don't even know what I'm talking about
right now support you I hope you're all
having an amazing day this morning I am
in London I
actually on my way to meet a couple of
competition winners and we're gonna have
a mani-pedi together
