good morning guys and welcome to the
fourteenth of vlogmas vlogmas the 14th
of December I don't even know what I'm
talking about right now
so 14th I hope you're all having an
amazing day this morning I am in London
I came down really early and I'm
actually on my way to meet a couple of
competition winners and we're gonna have
a mani-pedi together super excited and
that is all I'm heading to the couch
edge spa in Ladbroke Grove which I've
never been to before so excited to do
that this is an amazing building look at
this building want what I don't know
what's in there whether it's a house or
an office
if it helps it's amazing here we are
just go out from getting a mani pedi
with Lydia who is won a competition
there yeah we've just been spending the
last hour and a half / probably two
hours yeah getting pampered which was
amazing and I wanted to show you her
outfit not mine cause mines awful how
cool is this you actually looked so cool
I want to see them now on top I'm
corrode on my way to a lunch meeting I'm
on the hunt for an SD card reader
because I left mine at my sister's
stupidly last night it's like the one
thing I need every single day when I'm
vlogging to get my vintage on so I've
comment about fairness undefined and
really glamorous mission accomplished
card reader in hand vlogging is
recommencing I've also got a pickup
today another portable Wi-Fi dongle
because that's broken so basically
nothing like this one it's just time for
some reason that's really unlucky
everything breaking we're getting left
behind but we are gonna resume normal
editing regime coming out for a lunch
meeting at one of my favorite
restaurants in London and it's Chatham
Arthur and they have the coolest mural
on the world and I'll show you what you
eat for lunch because they honestly have
it's the best food ever it's nikkei so
it's like Japanese South American and
literally want everything this is
honestly my favorite restaurant ever so
yummy ceviche
I am now on my way to get my hair sorted
out for party tonight and I've come to
show in Notting Hill and look at the
separations it's amazing I've had my
hair done this sort of looks like I
wanted to go for like an undone kind of
look really happy with it and I've just
been on a mission to pick up my new dah
dah dah dah Wi-Fi dongle and I just
tested out in the car and it seems to be
working which is good news for vlogmas
guys
the permanent took the plastic off well
I didn't want to do this in the car
smells like this is ambitious if it
doesn't work and it needs to go back to
Amazon but yeah there we go
I'm gonna plug it in I'm gonna get my
vlog uploaded and then I am going to get
ready for this party so I'll do like a
real-life get ready with me again
because I think I have about 40 minutes
it's got such an awesome delivery as
well guys I wanted to show you really
quickly these are from pet London and
they said the dogs or personalized
stockings okay and then for like a
little snowman in each of them they're
actually coming to London tonight and
they're going to stay there whilst about
the party so I think this may be a good
distraction for them they might have
them for Christmas want to just really
quickly show you my dress for this
evening which is from love and lemon so
I got it from a sauce the other day and
I loved it I'll show it on later but I
just want to show it to you now these
are my shoes that I'm wearing which
actually from Rhys there are a couple of
years old but I haven't worn them too
much because they're not that
comfortable while I'm risking it to my
braving it and then I've got my little
of whistles clutch so this is the makeup
menu for this evening color who's that
ugly mug my makeup is half done I'm
still waiting for Mike to arrive and I'm
missing some tunes and get in the party
mood and Western ugly dressing out oh
look who's arrived causing mischief and
mayhem
causing mischief and mayhem in London
are you this girl does go dog wait
what's happened has your flashy gotta
stop working Oh piggy you two I don't
think that's your bed I think that's my
bed cheeky rascal I'm
ready to roll the lighting in here is
kind of crazy because the light fitting
like has these weird lampshade stripes
all over the walls anyway so we got some
whistles we are going now to show you
might look really handsome sure
here at gorgeous I bought you this
jacket for Christmas last year than life
yeah I would have liked to do some
herring and have taken the little inny
handsome let's go party party party I'm
actually probably not gonna vlog because
it's kind of not really appropriate Rob
what I'm going to do is do a little
montage of my evening and show you with
a party and maybe a little drinky and
some food pretty stews
you guys are hooligans No
we've just got home I'm still dealing
with this week's quiz next to me
squeaking and squeaking and squeaking
and these guys are here it's being nice
and peaceful and fluffy you excuse me
excuse me what is it they had such a fun
night a party and I'm super tired now oh
my god pig you're being so cute hey
that's gonna be it for tonight guys see
you all tomorrow for vlogmas day 15 I
can't believe how fast progress is going
it's insane it's gonna be Christmas in
life is it ten more sleeps I've just sat
down to edit Rugman staple teen I
realized my camera has like cut off
right as I was about to end this vlog so
when I was gonna say was oMG it's like
10 or 11 more states until Christmas
however way you count it because I
always count it as Christmas Eve being
Christmas because I feel super to see
how much to see if it's like half the
fun of Christmas on Christmas Eve and
getting excited for it and Paul the
Christmas coming anyway get ready for
the jingle and I'll see you all tomorrow
welcome to the 13th day of lovers today
I am in Hannah's kitchen I've taken over
the kitchen and
we are filming a cookie baking video
I've got a little helper here are you
gonna make cookies bitch yeah are they
gonna be tasty how many you gonna eat
two
