good morning everyone welcome to the
13th day of vlogmas
today I am in Hannah's kitchen and I've
taken over the kitchen and we are
filming a cookie baking video I've got a
little helper here you gonna make
cookies me
yeah are they gonna be tasty how many
you're gonna eat - just one what about 5
you won't eat 5 you might get a tummy
ache it's mighty fine Sunday breakfast
time yeah
so we're mid baking right now Lulu is
being a superstar you've been singing
songs haven't you doodle master baker
Lulu only problem is Hannah doesn't have
a safe
let's hope it's gonna turn out all right
we've finished the cookies Turner
they look amazing this recipe is gonna
be up on Friday on my channel Lulu is
destroying some what are you doing you
monkey let's say the doggies for all
yeah yeah oh there's a rascal in charge
of the rascal the smallest two blondes
together doggy time dog walking in the
peaceful forest except for that live
there hooligans what are you doing I
want to go on it but I don't want to get
this all over my back you had covered in
mud you are covered in mud why is it so
have you got no no actually yours is
more like Jew Mike's got actual chunks
of mud oh yeah people wall
you're late alligator
Lilly is stuck isn't he come out for a
delightful Sunday meal obviously because
I don't like roast
I've got fish and chips everyone else
has Rose it does look pretty spectacular
for a singer
yeah hang you down with those to your
chest look how many mushy peas I guess
we've talked to McDonald's and I don't
know if you could read that screen but
it says two apple pies two milkshakes
and humic fairies all about the sugar
right now are you ready the technology
is also immensely smug in case you
didn't hear that about using Apple pay I
mean it's like it's another level so
because they didn't have enough our pies
ready might decided no hang on we'll
just get two and keep going and then we
got to the window and they were like oh
it's gonna be seven minutes for the two
apple pies we're gonna have to put them
on cuz it how many ready so he just said
I wanted two more so if you have them
back around and we're now approaching
the window again we're gonna be in the
McDonald's drive-through queue for about
half an hour apple pie
they actually ended up giving us seven
apple pies there might be all of them
baby what are you eating
who gave biggie pizza there's a game of
what we think his snap going on right
now however
once those now you guys are not playing
a legitimate game of snap here kind of
impressed that Lulu knows what snap is
at age two but I definitely think she's
got the wrong cards Oh be nice Lulu see
how do you do again we're now in the car
on our way home I'm so sad to leave
Hannah dances have had the best I say
weekend but it's actually just 24 hours
literally not even that we left at 10
o'clock so it's 22 hours in total
through there but it was so fun I loved
it and we're now on our way home got a
couple of hours drive and it's actually
really foggy as well so I think it's
gonna it's actually not in the village
we're in at 11:00 but I think it's gonna
take us a bit longer to get home than it
would otherwise because it's been very
foggy on the country lanes but yeah
that's gonna be up for today guys I'll
see you tomorrow I'm heading back to
London tomorrow bright and early so come
along with me we have my management
versus party tomorrow which I'm really
excited about so see then bye guys get
ready for the jingle here it comes
are you ready MDF morning guys I've just
worked it out woke up like this yeah I
just realized I'm really women I think
I think I'm like three days behind open
it I'm not gonna film it because this is
what's around my admin calendar so far I
need a ball for these in the bathroom
lots
