morning guys I've just woken up
woke up like this yeah I just realized
I'm really behind with my admin calendar
I think I'm like three days behind gotta
open it I'm not gonna film it because
this is what's coming out of my advent
calendar so far I need a bowl for these
in the bathroom lots of the same kind of
thing bath bombs and soap this one's my
favorite so far
it's the raspberry soap it smells are
really good it is a much better plan for
the bath bombs and soaps in my bathroom
so I'll actually use them in the bar I
have to say after being away for a few
days I'm pretty happy with the Christmas
tree piglet is not so sure about it
she's like why would you put a tree in
the house your crazy cat one problem
though the plug for the lights is all
the way under here so every morning you
have to like climb under the Christmas
tree and behind here
see it lights on me but it's worth it
because they are magical fairy lights
are the best thing ever this arrived
yesterday afternoon it was actually
ordered mother's it was actually ordered
for the doggy lookbook shoot but didn't
arrive in time how funny is this got a
reindeer on it
let's put it on paper and see what she
thinks this is the problem right here
when you try and put clothes on the pig
of Wiggles she just rolls over that
she's out the attention she wants
druggie through piggy-wiggy that is an
exceptional Christmas jumper you've got
right there she's like following Mike
across the hallway
check you out she goes like what is this
what is it oh it looks cute treecko's
always so mean when the other dogs ever
wear anything like a collar or anything
she's like get that off we wanted to
show you all her moustache as well
because it's rally grounds I'm trying
out the glam glow I mud now I've used
the original glam glow I might as Mike
yes I mud I've used the original glam
dough and I love it and the packaging
for this can I just say is amazing but
yeah it comes in these like really
space-age style mini capsules so that
doesn't dry out so you
have enough for your left eye on your
right eye tap it on leave it for three
minutes and then wipe it off let's see
if it makes a difference Mike's just
announced to me that he thought these
were to go on your eyeball because the
capsules look like comb talents it's men
and skincare is their worlds far apart
this is what it looks like when you open
it up it kind of reminds me of miso
paste I'm not gonna lie this is before
guys then see that after or the during
as well this is what it looks like
during which it's really sexy right now
not I'm not gonna lie again I know I've
said that already this morning it's
definitely morning but you can actually
probably use these like use half and
half and use one for both eyes because
it's quite a lot of product like I've
cleaned up underneath because it went
everywhere cuz it's quite a lot of
product so just an FYI if you get this
if it's worth it we will see what am I
going to look like in three minutes
this is afterwards guys definitely feels
like tighter but I don't know if there
are less circles says it reduces dark
circles brightens reduces lines tired
eyes puffiness hydrating and plumping as
well so will you reckon do I look
younger and brighter maybe it's not a
bit this morning it's got to the point
where I've acknowledged that my office
has got out of control messy I know it's
Christmas and I have like obviously I
have all of my Christmas presents here
and all of the unwrapped ones as well
but it's got to a point where I have
like this bag of nail polish that I was
cleaning out my nail polish draw and I
didn't put them back in so like I need
to organize my stuff it's stressing me
out I need to get some book work done
today and I wanted to film some videos
as well what you know in your space is
just so messy your head is messy let's
tidy this stuff up let's do it I'm
getting there guys my desk and Mike's
desk are significantly tidier look at
that I've cleaned up all of my nail
polishes I still have presents like
everywhere but they're not going to go
to questions I love them I've cleaned up
all of my nail polishes and had like a
real clear out so if I only wear so I'm
probably reorganised again I don't know
if I think I did a video on this night
years ago but I basically have these
little draw units which a couple of
people have asked recently where they're
from I just got them from Argos years
ago literally probably five years ago
just like like pink orange red and then
have all of my pink orange and red
polishes in there and then all of the
drawers are different colors so I had a
massive clear out of old polishes but
you know when they start to separate and
go manky and yuck but I still have a
pile of things to wrap here so I think I
feel like I might need to finish
wrapping before I can actually properly
tidy up because otherwise I'm just gonna
have this pile of stuff on my floor and
I also need to find a home for some of
this stuff which was actually in the
background of my video before I made it
all Christmassy like this
the cushions need kind of straightening
up and my mum stole the reindeer
cushions back if you guys remember the
reindeer cushions my mom borrowed that
she'd kind of lent them to me so she's
taking them back for Christmas now so
boo yeah that is what is happening
Christmas Christmas Christmas presents
lunchtime right now and I still haven't
got dressed all had a shower I'm gonna
make myself some lunch and then do that
I have been tidying like a mad person
all morning hence I haven't managed to
get changed or had a shower yeah we'll
get ready in general I'm making a really
quick garlic corn stale and spicy tomato
pasta for lunch just using stuff that I
found in the fridge so basically what
I'm gonna do is fry up some king prawns
with a little bit of chopped garlic
because I'm lazy it's like there's
actually a brand of this called lazy
garlic but this is called easy on
chopped garlic just Waitrose own one
course we se got kale and throw it all
in with some chili flakes and then I've
got a little bit of the tomato sauce
with pepperoni and chili in that I
didn't realize it had pepperoni in that
might fall this anyway so that was what
I'm gonna have for lunch I'll show you
guys when it's done I did also just
paint my nails where I was tidying
because I was hiding nail varnish I had
to paint my nails right and this is the
bottle under navy one that came in that
set that I showed you the other day
really like it
super tasty five-minute large complete
YUM I'm gonna eat this now so I've just
actually had a shower and done my hair
breaks haven't got ready and I'm popping
out to the shops get some ingredients
because I'm doing a really exciting
cooking recipe which I'm hopefully gonna
film tomorrow with my sister I was gonna
do it today but I didn't have the time
to go and get stuff for it yesterday and
then I ended up tidying someone it's
Monica are we fun with the kids as well
so they do it with them so we go and get
supplies and that is all for now
shopping mission complete I have all of
the ingredients to make some delicious
cookies and I just spoke to my sister
and apparently Lulu is obsessed with
cooking and baking
more specifically right now so she is
super excited to bake with me tomorrow
go to me call I can't wait I'm so
excited to go up and see them I did see
them yesterday briefly actually but I'm
excited to go and stay because I haven't
been up there since the kids have moved
very exciting right I'm going home now
to film a video for Monday for my main
channel these guys are not very
impressed that I've just got home and
I'm setting up to film Mike's also just
got back I am filming about skincare
today sneaky little Pete filming is
complete that's the first time I filmed
in the dark in a very very long time
gonna blow out all my candles switch
these off off and the Christmas tree
lights need to go off as well not have
you been asking about this Christmas
tree and where it came from
it's actually my mum's and she has had
it for quite a while like a few years I
think she got it from a garden centre
but literally so many people have been
asking about it and I thought I should
address it in this video I don't know
where it's from some random local garden
center I thing like five years ago but
you may be able to find one I would say
check like home scents or TK Maxx or a
garden centre but it is cool I'm gonna
have to give it back to my mom when she
gets back from holiday next week
a teeny-weeny bit later now cuz I've
been editing and this one is her no pot
red sheets this evening me oh yeah oh
yeah and then the wind all day
you look very snazzy where are you off
to you everyone Christmas dues the Chris
must do yes who's invited not you why do
you not let me go to the Christmas do
research do you guys know nobody's
partners going on it and and
realistically I don't want you around
you know not me it's fun with you around
is it but you're coming to get me out
later on well it's all right for some
but I'm watching X Factor with the dogs
and I'm coming to pick my cup place
because going to Hannah's really late
tonight little at you mister with the
slick hair have fun at the party
Mike's dad just came over and dropped
this off which is from Mike's mom every
year Mike's mom buys us decoration for
the Christmas tree and I think there's
more than one thing in here so I don't
know if this year she's maybe got us too
but it's kind of the highlight of my
Christmas tree decorating experience
because I love new decorations I'm gonna
share it with you guys and see what's
inside it's a little piglet wiglet
sausage dog I'm pretty sure this is from
John Lewis actually because they had the
same sausage dog with the stripy jumpers
last year and then she's probably got us
a a serious decoration instead of a
jokey one too which isn't really cute I
think I'm gonna like this I can see it
through the bubble wrap ah how pretty it
is looks like a piece of jewelry I love
it
check that out it's so cool I'm gonna
put it on the tree another thing I
always do every year is to write the
year that she gave it to us on the
bottom of the decoration so that I
remember
I need my Sharpie which is in my
Christmas decoration box
and then I think I don't think I can
actually write the year on the one on
the Christmas tree one because there's
nowhere to write it see like it's all
kind of textured snow you could really
write on that but what I'm going to do
is write it on the sausage dog duh now
they're going on the tree trying to find
a spot to put it because I want it front
and center but the tree is already quite
full I'm gonna put it here
which is kind of on the side but I feel
like people still see it how nice is
that
and then the sausage dog maybe he can go
here but you piglet
a sausage dog like you super cute not as
cute as you though my love you're the
cutest you're the cutest have you got
your harness on ready to go have you
have you baby
I've got socks the double stock and
slipper combo winning so I'm currently
planning to smash the last of the
wrapping tonight piglet is determined to
help she has a poncho for these little
bows
I've caught her chewing them more than
once piglet more than once I have that's
not for you either no the wrapping
mission is complete that is a lot of
presents this is why I started shopping
in like October people are like Oh why'd
you start shopping so October because I
buy so many presents Mike and I have
both got really big families and also I
love buying presents for my friends too
so I buy a lot of Christmas presents and
the wrapping machine has completed
except for one present which is for my
dad they ordered him something online
already him like this bracelet it was
way too small so I'm gonna have to find
a different present for my dad and take
that back and order him something else
but until that final present which will
probably be wrapped on Christmas Eve I
am done now I'm gonna go and pick up my
crumbs Christmas party we finally
arrived at Hannah's in turn about hello
it took us about three hours in total
because I drove an hour to pick up Mike
even two hours to get here
the dogs are very excited not only to
get out of the car but also because
their buddies here shadow is massive now
she was like the size of piglet about
three months ago and now she is huge
she's still really timid look at how
this Christmas tree it's amazing if you
got the other look when you look at it
in person it doesn't look like this is a
big hole in the lights but look on
camera
Lulu's been attacking a sword with a
sword still looks pretty good
look through the window no that's my
kind of girl
treacle is reunited with her the love of
her life her boyfriend oh you gonna
sleep in here choppy tonight Oh
Treecko too cute situation my god what
was that ah oh it was a big shell on top
of the toilet I think it's okay that was
creepy this is a situation I'm dealing
with right now dogs where am I supposed
to sleep we also just got a Christmas
card from my sister and the kids and Dan
and this is drawn by spike how cool
coolest Christmas card so far this year
and probably ever Christmas tree outside
how nice so we're gonna breakfast this
is genuinely like one of my favorite
breakfast in London it's like crispy
fried
the motions on a Friday flat white green
juice what if you got that anything
exciting before you test Oh
