good morning everybody and welcome to
the 11th of December
oh yeah the future that I'm not your
light doesn't like this fan looks like a
totally normal van you know like you
expect electric cars yeah it's very very
eco-friendly it's growing its own moths
but yeah like you expect electric
vehicles to look like super my group
that I have done really red again they
look redder on camera every time it's
stressing me out I need to cool them
down you might give up with the dark
route situation and just go all blonde
again anyway oh this is so pretty
Christmas tree outside how nice so we're
going for breakfast whoo this is
genuinely like one of my favorite
breakfasts in London it's like crispy
fried polenta with mushrooms and a fried
egg flat white got a green juice what
have you got there anything exciting for
a young test
so we are now in the car on our way home
I'm Ashley in shows but he worked oh
come on oh you're so funny
it is raining and gray and miserable as
we're stuck in traffic come on
good job I just found out that my sister
is back in town today so we're going to
see the kids later super excited I miss
them so much my sister recently moved
back up north a few hours from where we
live at used to live a bit closer so
super excited to see that we haven't
seen that much since they moved in
August right you've been up a couple of
times more than me but I've only really
seen them maybe four three or four times
it's the summer which makes me sad
because they are some of my most
favorite people in the world at the same
time I'm not sure I'm particularly enjoy
doing the idea of having to spend an
afternoon with kids with a hangover
Oh MDS got a hangover somebody had too
many beers loves so much pop I feel fine
and fresh yeah sure you do buddy you
know I was like I woke up felt bit
groggy went for a run feel amazing run
really smoke Mike's house needs it no
better yet it's it's a lot better when
Bishop is not advised not to ever yeah
not ever but I'll never be joining me on
the run again
yeah have to sudden get bike boo I do
like Mike said that one's not made by
it's like just stopped at the services
to use the bathrooms and he picked up
these oh my god
wine gums in only red and black the two
best flavors how
is not existed before how long have they
been around for I've never seen them
before but this is such a good idea
so I have all the red ones you have all
the black ones yeah yeah baby hello my
little furry friend hellos goodies glue
Oh who's this who's this I see trying to
struggle up all in my hair it's you oh
it's you it's the piggy Wiggy
is the piggy Wiggy Pooh's what you doing
huh what you doin missus you attention
seek in this is not a flattering angle
for you Pig
it makes your nose look
disproportionately big oh so mean so
mean and lovely little one so we've just
got back and spent the last three hours
trying to fix the internet because we've
got a problem with our dongle I use
mobile Wi-Fi because our Wi-Fi in our
house is really really slow and it's
just being an absolute nightmare and I
stopped working I have two videos that
are due up tonight and I really want to
get a lot tonight because I've been on
schedule and like everything's been
going smoothly and I just don't know why
the internet is not working so we may
have to go and locate some Internet
you
being who was in my vlog a few days ago
gosh that seems like forever ago now but
yeah how pretty is this and they've got
all the products in here I haven't
actually properly looked at what's in
here yet but I just was so excited when
I found out she was doing a
collaboration because she's a good
friend of mine and she's always been so
supportive of everything that I've done
so I was excited to see her doing
something really cool let's have a look
the first thing in here is daph the
essential oil elixir which sounds good
I've actually never really used any dye
found stuff before but I know it's
pretty pricey there's a cheeky nail
polish which is the cow shed to makeup
brand I like this color as well it's
like a baby pink with a slight hint of
lilac there is I'm not sure what this is
a liquid lipstick essence
you
and then there's this which is that
extra bail golden skin caviar I roll on
that sounds really good I can't wait to
try that and then there's this I've
heard loads about this brand actually
the star skin firming bio cellulose
second skin facial mask this looks
really good that's such a good coffee
box tix actually good things that I want
to use super cool made it's Mike sisters
place which may or may not look familiar
we used to live here do you guys
remember if you've been following us for
some time three years you will remember
this house Mike and I used to live here
for four and a half years so the whole
time I was vlogging when I started
youtubing we were here and I would
actually show you this barium upstairs
where I used to film more videos with
the purple wall but the purple wall has
gone yeah it's been painted over I love
the purple this is our own kitchen and
it makes me it feels so weird being back
here like I love living here so much
it's the most warm happy house ever so
it's just really oh it's just really
amazing being back and we don't show you
guys the city has changed a resident I
haven't actually been here in a little
while it's normally when we come over we
just count the floors change because I
don't know if I told you yeah it looks
so different in here
I missed this house so I love it no
basically like two days after we left
we'd packed all of our stuff up and
Mike's other sister was actually moving
in here for a short period of time in
between so she was about to move in
before she moved in the pipe in our
bathroom which is above that corner
where the TV is burst and there was
boiling hot water pouring down this
whole wall for like 12 hours nobody
realized because there was no one here
until Mike's mom came to the outside and
saw that the windows were steamed up so
she came in and found the house the
ceiling here had like fallen in so it's
actually had like the whole like a new
floor and nuke
and everything since we left but it's
just the most happy house like I feel
like we've got such good memories here
don't you think like it's just like uh
Riggs like so many cool worries you
designed it and the Internet is now
saying 81 minutes still but it's gone up
6 it's gone up 8% in about 3 minutes so
I think it's gonna be quicker than that
hope so two hours later we are still in
Lizzie's house however mike has just
gone on a takeaway run and the takeaway
near here it's actually like the best
Chinese takeaway ever so we have got you
or this Singapore noodles there Mike's
looking good this is he it's Kung Pao
king prawns they're mine YUM Mike's now
on the hunt to find balls Mike also got
crispy shredded beef and then I got I
ordered some kind of squid which I've
never had before
so I think I can open this with one hand
terrific
I think it's like salt pepper squid oh
yeah it looks really good
naughty Friday night treat I don't
another no on a Friday night now we've
been watching
TGIF right no TFI Friday not the
restaurant with the show when what you
tr5 Friday I I know I'm slow on the
uptake here because I don't know how
long it's been back for follow but it's
amazing I love Chris Evans is still
really funny I used to love it when I
was younger and it's still good and I
really enjoyed it I don't watch much TV
but I liked it also good
what's still good it's still good from
TFI Friday - I mean what is this like a
date it's a whole documentary about
George Lucas's life and the making of
Star Wars slightly geeky but I'm so
excited for Star Wars next week comes
out next weekend yeah he looks really
good as well a lot of these kind of
trailers like years later and obviously
trying to cash in you're like mmm really
but this one looks good I'm excited so
I'm home in my PJs with my filthy animal
jumper on and after watching home alone
the other night I
particularly in love with my Merry
Christmas you filthy animal jumper
I'm with the squeege I don't know where
the other two have gone or the other
three including Mike but me and squidge
you're having a nice cuddle uh-oh
here's the midget the midget dog is back
we I love it when she does that she like
scratches her side with her back leg so
she looks really silly because her legs
are so short they're so short you know
oh they're so short
oh no this way you have the post Oh
squidge we just got a bone don't worry
I'll protect you we're headed to bed now
as I've shown you half-past eleven but
Mike's tired cuz he's an old man
so we watch a movie move it in amendment
night guys see you tomorrow
you know what prepare yourselves for the
musical delight of the jingle good
morning beautiful people welcome to
vlogmas day 10 today I'm heading back to
London I know only just came back
yesterday
but Mike and I are meeting our friend
who lives in New York tonight so really
excited about that
today so I wanted to come back last
night
