good morning beautiful people welcome to
vlogmas day 10 today I'm heading back to
London I know only just came back
yesterday but Mike and I are meeting our
friend who lives in New York tonight so
really excited about that and I've also
got some meetings today so I wanted to
come back last night
otherwise I'll be in London a week and I
didn't really want to be in London a
week I want to see the poopies and Mike
and I have a giant bag of presents that
I'm taking to deliver to the style ball
team in London I don't know if you guys
saw in I know it was on like snapchat
but basically I've got them each a mug
with an initial on it and a chocolate
orange in there sneaky sneaky chuckle
oranges are like the best thing ever at
Christmas there's no denying it choc
Lauren jizz are the best that's it
that's the end of things like me so this
is what my breakfast looks like this
morning an apple because I didn't have a
chance to eat a proper breakfast isn't
it a pretty Apple though I just want to
show it to you all and yep I have the
world's worse actually there's hands not
so bad this hand is really bad really
bad chip nails today did not have time
to paint them oh well let's keep rolling
also while I'm in the car I wanted to
tell you guys in case you were doing any
Christmas shopping in the next couple of
days
oh love my rain just finally 20% off on
Shalini if you fancied buying any of it
I'm not gonna push you into it for two
days only so when this vlog goes live
you got to move fast because you will
only have like a few hours left
literally goodbye mancilla my name is
Mike it's gonna be Instagram oh did you
guys see the Instagram husband where did
I go up yesterday so funny Mike was like
this is my life if only they knew what
it means to be a youtube husband as well
as an Instagram husband they just don't
know they don't know half the problem I
have problems you you're my problem
you're coming to London so I'll see you
know any attempt this is crazy
twice in like one week Mike are you
feeling all right also go down at the
weekend Friday
you know what is bad about this song
like really if it was Christmas everyday
it wouldn't be Christmas women but this
may be that's the mortgage said to be
protective end quote I wish it could be
Christmas every day but it's not we do
be really broke it's Christmas every day
can you imagine I like buying presents
horror literally just got back to the
flat I've been in meetings all morning
about my makeup line and I'm actually
feeling so inspired like you know when
you have a meeting and just you come out
of it feeling like yes we're gonna do
this I'm gonna do that say some really
exciting things coming up in 2016 with
that and I'm super happy and what else
am i doing now I've got to do some more
editing on my video for tomorrow so when
I sit down with you that it's a pretty
boring morning so far now on the hunt
for some lunch and because I don't want
to eat out seven eating out so much
recently the only thing I have in my
flat is crunching up so I might just
have some crunching out for lunch I feel
like today is in a bad eating day an
apple for breakfast crunchy not for
lunch we are going for amazing Japanese
food tonight there is some excited about
that Mike is on his way down to London I
think he's gonna get here in a couple of
hours I'm gonna do some work and then I
will see you in a little while with Mike
and hopefully I'll have finished by then
we can go for a little adventure around
London together oh my god were actually
together in London whoo that's one of my
favorite things about Christmas time as
well is that Mike gets a bit more time
off so he can actually come to London
and spend more time with you do more fun
things together which is what life is
all about is it not so
yeah I'm super excited for Mike's
comment saying on this night yay twice
in a week it's unheard of yeah it is
happening this looks like a cereal ad
but it's not
I just love crunchy Doug I'm having a
bit of an afternoon different energy
it's definitely time for a coffee
oh god my dachshund mug it looks like
piglet bit Brown I think that's people
it's bum right there which colour
captial shall I go for today a thing
I'm gonna do a caramel one I really like
these capsules there from Nespresso if
you guys know this is what a Nespresso
capsule looks like they're kind of
expensive but I don't actually drink
them every day so I really like them
because they're not they're like caramel
flavor but they're not sweet you know
how if you have like caramel syrup in a
coffee it's really sweet whereas these
are like the flavoring but it's not
sweet flavoring so it just tasted it
it's not sweetened and I don't usually
put sugar in my coffee so when I have a
really trying to do things if I have a
really sweet kind of sugary drink I like
every once in a while but not all the
time I kind of want the flavor but not
the show Glee coffee o'clock whilst
that's brewing I also have the challenge
of making my bed you know I washed all
my sheets yesterday to remember seeing
that now I got to make the bear it's one
of my least favorite household chores to
do a lot of people actually have been
asking about my bed this bed is from
made calm and I really like it it will
look a lot cooler in Surrey and once we
redo everything and paint everything
because at the moment it's just like a
white box and it's a badly painted white
box look at that but yeah we're gonna
decorate it and we're really cool and
nice to film in as well which is all
important if you're a youtuber is the
filming potential for a room so yeah let
us make the bed
I also got the first copy of this the
other day which is a version of my book
in Italian how cool is that they
actually changed the names of fashion
forever because apparently the glam
guide didn't work in Italian I think
it's like II dub pure glam puke I don't
know I can't speak Italian they also
changed the colour of my shoes which I
thought was kind of strange but I quite
like this color but yeah so this is the
Italian version of my book how crazy
really really cool I can't read any of
it but there we go
exciting stuff it's actually really
thick as well it's like a padded version
whereas the English version is like a
paperback so it's quite different if you
are Italian maybe you will see this in a
bookstore near you all right love
look who's arrived and straight on his
laptop we're got a little bit words new
kisses don't find a clock you know how
you were saying I need to get a
Christmas tree yes do you like my
festive display behind you I've got
candle lights in my cat tie and two
Christmas cards do you want to know your
Christmas tree not what this second no I
want to get one of those M&S like pre
decorated ones I saw yesterday yeah
that's me Mike and I have come for a
little mosey to look at Christmasy
things so Christmas you are you feelin
so festive right now actually really
quiet these are possibly my favorite
little Christmas lights they're little
Christmas trees and there's only a few
laqueer so cute
Charlie pretty things I do want to look
in here yes please I don't just want
this I need it
is it migrant expensive is pulling out
there Hank eight hundred and fifty
pounds maybe not I have to make do with
the real one so it's only bloody raining
December I wanted to be slowing right
now not raining seriously come on
there's only one up there and you make
it snow we have had a drinky Jack's
joined us by the way various and we are
now on our way to meet the girls for
dinner we're getting some sushi which
I'm really excited about Jack hates fish
so every time I see him I try and feed
him fish to convince him that fish is
actually really good and sushi is really
good every time we see we've got a
friend called Alex who's like quite an
extreme liability like if he eats any
house goes hospital and every time no
joke I tried to give him like an almond
magnum I sprinkle with peanuts no and
you're actually a foodie as well which I
do I do eat fish I just don't choose to
eat raw fish is just delicious
that's the word you're looking for so
we're going to a place called eat Tokyo
which I've been recommended loads of
times my loads are from people and I've
never actually been to so I'm excited
fat pig losses who she walking really
quick because we're a bit late as always
and oh my god they actually have a real
it's not a real quick note it's a fake
real one but it's better than the shape
look it's a Christmas tree like the fish
feast is happening right now and
as a jacket fish over your new best
friend
a very large fish head and the tail as
well I just well I had a delightful
evening what about you the speed of your
cursor
I nearly so bad both of us did not we
all evening and morning no the problem
is once you've broken seal that's it
you've gone oh I hate that phrase so I
just realized I never signed off the
vlog last night me and Mike which is
being very silly out on the street so
I'll see you all tomorrow which is today
get ready for the jingle and welcome to
vlogmas day 9 it's running time 6:45
right now I'm going for a run I'm doing
it
motivating my ass off we go I did it
actually went two and a half miles of
time so little boy first a last time
I'm getting that now it's time
