good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 9 it's running time 6:45 right now
I'm going for a run I'm doing it
motivating my ass off we go I did it
actually went two and a half miles this
time so a little bit further than last
time I'm getting that now it's time for
some tea I'm going for like chi or mango
and like I was gonna say matching
mango same thing but I just that's how
they've done it don't know why why does
the mango comfortable light qi cuz I do
mind she's a tastier to be honest I need
to get some Christmas tea I think maybe
that's my mission I also bought this mug
for Mike for Christmas last year I loved
it so much because it's got treacle on
it and she D it just looks so much like
treacle and she's chasing a fish which
trinkle loves swimming in the pond it
just made me laugh so I've just been
doing the washing and cleaning up the
flat washing mission complete and I
opened my first Christmas card wanted to
show you this Lauren gave it to me last
night and it says dashing through the
snow I love it super super cute oh and I
don't know if I've showed you guys this
picture either this is a picture that
Mike's mum printed of us from a weddings
Mike's cousin's wedding this summer and
I really like it we look all snazzy and
dressed up I'm heading over to a coffee
shop this morning I'm gonna camp out in
the coffee shop and work on the book I'm
so behind on my schedule of where I
wanted to be because the last couple of
months have just been super manic so I'm
going to get some stuff done this
morning then I'm heading home to see
Mike and the poopies this afternoon and
a little outfit of the day because it is
particularly warm and cozy and vlog
miserable again I don't have a mirror in
here so I'm going to do it like this
freestyling this is my focus you crazy
cat this is my Topshop jumper which I
really like so has these like white
stripes if you guys watch my vlog my
haul even from Monday then you'll know
that I had this but I left it here so I
can show you in the hall I put a picture
in this is it and then if you guys can
see me nod it
way like the weirdest mirrorless outfit
of today and then I've got on a like
strategy up on anything because it's
actually quite a cheetah's jumper and
then I have all my seven for my kind
jeans and I love your shoes on yeah I
don't know what she's gonna wear I'm
gonna find some also on a side note I
got sent these yesterday I'm super
excited Instagram about them if any of
you guys have tried these before I'm
pretty sure you'll be addicted to them
because they are probably the best
tinted lip balms ever and there's two
new colors coming out in January which
is really really soon I'm going to put
on I put one on now to show you to put
on at the berry one because it's the
darker one let me have any other darker
colors in this I don't have any anyway
but they honestly oh my god I love them
so much I've got like three flavors
already as outrageous but yeah they're
just really nice they're like a tinted
lip balm they have a little bit of a
tint they taste like toffee
like vanilla toffee and they're just
really really smooth I know everyone
loves these and everyone talks about
them all the time but I'm excited for
those oMG guys is such a nice day in
London
and they're selling Christmas trees do I
get a Christmas tree for the flat that
is the question it's coffee o'clock oh
yeah the best breakfast ever and
mushrooms I'm currently in a cab on my
way to station to go home and I can't
get over how nice day as London is the
best in the sunshine especially winter
sunshine loving it cannot wait to get
back squish the pig and the other dogs
as well but piglets especially squishy
oh hello there you are looking very
similar to how you looked yesterday in
those shades oh are you having a good
Wednesday I had a very busy Wednesday
I've bought some screen wash probably
much no I haven't I brought pressure
wash wow that's exciting harsh um-hmm
you are just to slow down there we're
making a very quick stop home to get
this little sausage dog haha some food
because she needs food apparently
according to Mike you know what else she
needs haha I really want to get the dog
some Christmas stuff look at this this
is massive please can you refrain from
buying the fish flavored dog food again
cuz it stinks I got you're getting
chicken what else do we need
that's it snack snack snack snack snack
snack sex and we please get some treats
for the dogs for Christmas yes I heart
Santa realistically I think they'd like
these kind of things a bit more you just
look a bit gross but she's look at that
one chicken wrapped Oh piglet would love
for this on Oh here piggy sighs but the
others might choke on those because
they're small I'm sure they don't
possible trick or just eat one and these
ones yes
you know the problem with these also is
that your gear a big one to the big dogs
and then you get a little one - piglet
and piglet will just be thoroughly
pissed off what is that
shimmy knew it that is what is that OMG
I need this to be fair it's probably not
quite as good as my year filthy animal
jumper so I'm not gonna get but it's a
cracking jump but um we are coming to
find some food in M&S and delivered
decorations oh yes I've now lost my
internet Oh Harris because I was too
busy looking at wrapping paper duration
Christmas Easter you're looking at
sandwiches not you're like not as
exciting first time with you number one
normally like which is egg egg
okay you know I'm gonna have no I can
see politely lyrics / TP fuzzy bags I'm
gonna get victorious fun ultimate just
have that opportunity
I don't know why I'm actually not hungry
after my giant avocado on toast
I like it a reaper steer show me a drink
well this looks good if I ever saw a
minced meat that looks tasty is this
orange fig and hazelnut yes uh what have
you got there first of many macaroons
can I have one they look so yummy you've
got such a sweet tooth that and the cake
that's for the softness and a voice from
the duct wrap sharpener I'm gonna find
some food so I went for some cotton
candy grapes because there's so much
hype about these online last year even
though they're from Brazil and I don't
normally think that not very that's not
very environmentally friendly but you
know they were already picked in they're
reduced so yeah there we go
and a Grazia and a lemon and lime
sparkling water now she also did get a
salad but I'm not really that hungry in
moment so I'm going to either eat it
later or eat it tomorrow
it looks quite tasty so beetroot goats
cheese and lentil salad snooze you lose
all right I spy with my little eye
something beginning with doggies hey
where are the others love oh oh it she
gives she gives she is hello hello hello
I just got home and I just realized I've
missed two days before a dream calendar
hooray I've got two days to open the
best feeling ever but have you opened
yours yet no be seen are you you've been
opening but not eating the chocolate who
does that only boys I always see the
chocolate straight away
Mike's got Darth Vader advent calendar
this year why is your little model no
hoping like one - did spike steal it
when he came over and well he might have
moved it but anyway I've got the 9 await
the 8th and the 9th it's the night sir
yeah yeah so the eights here
dunt-da-daaaaa what did you do
cotton-candy blaster in there what have
you got
peanuts got our bone still um it's in
the bag
in the MLS bag over there on the floor
floor and the night I think this one's
gonna be a soap I know baby shower yes I
got it out even if it did break a little
bit and put this in the wind I still
haven't had a bath with any of these I
need to have like a mega bar and put
like 5 min I have a stockpile going on
take those with me what have you done to
the tea oh my goodness look at that is
so neat might you've got problems you've
got problem or ski if you haven't put my
favorite teas at the front so I pop tea
pig slop quantities which my favourite
here the man that's there I can't reach
that yes you can I'm shocked this is me
standing like hip against there are you
touching it right now I'm touching it
precisely if you can get it don't pull
it out now yes can I have a Christmas
mug please I don't get any white mouse
mode get tough luck you're getting what
mode where's the Christmas this is my
favorite Christmas mug personalized
Christmas mug yeah gonna have where's my
tea bag yes piglet is making love to her
bone and the pheasant right now she's a
long one piglet what you doing he having
love in with all your toys are you
having a lovin with all your toys mr.
pumpkin face is a bit outdated now isn't
he currently wrapping up the remainder
of Mike's Christmas presents I haven't
wrapped up yet and I have run out well
almost
excuse me pig stop walking at the cat
pig it um so I've run out of the brussel
sprout wrapping paper that I was using
so I'm gonna have to resort which one of
these do you think you'd like the most
stars wood or spider-man I think it's
gonna be this one this is why I have to
deal with when I'm trying to wrap
love who's trying to get in the way and
if I go to wrap something she then kind
of jumps on the paper super annoying but
super cute at the same time I think
these guys like Christmas just a little
bit too much
you're a rapping busted this is what
happens when you try and wrap and you
have a lot just your noise we are now
sitting in the sitting room with a
roaring fire and the Christmas lights
you know it's what are you barking at
piglet come on Pig I think piglet scared
of the little bit of hallway in between
the hall and the sitting room hey come
on you might have to open you okay
what's up what's up you can come here oh
hey does this little bit of hallway
scare you come on Pig come on come here
Oh trick just nutted my knee
come on sweetheart what's what's wrong
with this bear you can do it piglet
always falls asleep like this and it's
just so funny
she's like a banana I can't be comfy peg
it is I can't be comfy leave me alone
I'm very good I'm snoozing she still got
a bare tummy from when she had her
operation
there's garlic you got dirty tell me
actually piglet you need a bar you need
a bar he's dinky dog so I'm eating my
M&S salad for dinner
opening up actually looks pretty tasty
because this one has decided that he
would eat all of his cakes at like 6
o'clock in the afternoon or in the
evening and then doesn't want dinner
till real late well you told me that you
gonna eat that earlier so I then have my
afternoon tea at line 6 he had after
duty he's such an old grandma can we
watch a movie essentially can we watch a
Christmas movie
I'm sure I can make okay watch home
alone I'm pretty sure I can make merry
Christmas you filthy animal
in a Happy New Year the rapping Mission
Continues by the fire five years later
I'll finish this rapping one day we
should rename vlogmas spotting piglets
sleeping in weird positions silly dog
what are you doing piggy Wiggy I wanted
to show you guys this card as well I got
for Holi
haha because she has a little black pug
and I just thought this is so funny it
looks just like that
they've got googly eyes I believe this
is the fourth unusual sleeping position
of the evening piglet what do you have
to say for yourself little rabbit dog
silly silly dog so we're watching the
end of home alone one are we gonna make
it turn milling to sir not sure maybe
not tonight ah this is sleeping position
number four or five I can't remember
doing a little sleepy piglet wiglet so
it's good night from us for sure you in
the morning
it's officially Christmas actually like
two weeks till Christmas
Tara's coming but two weeks is not very
long and I get excited about Christmas
early so christmas is coming all I can
say christmas is coming decided as well
my jingles not really jingle it's more
of a Carol so is it like get ready for
the Christmas Carol get ready for the
jingle sounds better doesn't it
good morning guys and welcome to blogeee
birthday 8 today I love great things but
it's got out of the shower I have a
really busy day ahead
I've got to finish off editing my
x-factor video which is going on for
Friday I'm so excited for you guys to
see
