good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 8 today I look crazy because I just
got out of the shower I have a really
busy day ahead I've got to finish off
editing my X Factor video which is going
up on Friday I'm so excited for you guys
to see that and then I'm heading to
London cuz I'm actually going to a film
premiere tonight of the Danish girl so
excited it's got Eddie Redmayne and I
cannot wait so I'm gonna do my hair and
makeup kind of fancier than my words for
most days because I'm not gonna do like
I'm not having another time to get ready
basically because it's gonna be pretty
tight on the time when in a hurry I like
to do this with my makeup Mike hates it
this is how to do your makeup really
really fast also I want to tell you guys
because I'm trying to think what I can
put this that's not a weird shot of my
boobs
I can't wait me and Mike have just found
out we're gonna hopefully redo our
bedroom in the New Year's if you can see
behind me it's so 80s and we just wanted
to wait until we have the time and money
to be able to like do it up nicely
because when we moved into this house
like the whole house is so like 90s 80s
style
so hopefully redoing our bedroom in the
new year which I can't wait to get rid
of the gravity curtains in the green
carpet yeah this is how you make up
really fast my 5 minute makeup is done
what do you guys reckon does it look
like I spent more than five minutes on
it I hope so
I'm going to show you why I put on my
face really quickly as well just because
I haven't I don't normally do this and I
thought you guys might like to see I'm
wearing first of all bourgeois one two
three perfect CC cream love this stuff
really really good actually think I
prefer the air matte I'm trying this
again because I wanted to compare it
I've been loving the air matte recently
and I was like I wonder if I do actually
like it more than that I think I like
the air much more anyway random random
random and then I'm also wearing my
kneel ins youred double concealer and
then on my eyes I have my eye shadow
quad in cosmic bronze and I've used this
color all over the lid and then this
dark color just underneath like
underneath my lower lash line there that
was probably out focus again because my
camera is so slow and then I'm wearing
the hourglass
powders I use this one as an all-over
powder this one is a highlight and then
this one is a blusher and then I did my
browser my Mac lingering brow pencil and
the Anastasia brow gel and then oMG this
stuff is amazeballs the dolly wink
eyeliner that I picked up when I was in
Japan it's actually so easy I did this
in in probably probably took me about
two minutes to do my eyeliner and it's
just one of the easiest ones ever really
like it it stays all day as well and
then the Max Factor volume velvet Volume
Mascara this is really good I always
like my expecting scars but this one's a
new one I've been trying out big breath
and then on my lips i've got the
Burberry what is it Heroes Burberry
kisses sheer it's actually not that
sheer it's actually got quite a lot of
pigmentation to it and then I've also
got on my lip gloss on top of it and it
looks like this ma time for the hair I
fell a bit manic today it's like totally
rushed and everything but yes I'm nearly
there let's just sort out them all oh my
goodness guys my Christmas present has
just arrived and so annoying because
Mike's not working today he's at home
and he has actually just gone to the
post office to pick something else up
and I was drying my hair so I couldn't
hear the doorbell and the doorbell rang
and then piglet started barking as he
might have just heard her again there
and I was like oh oh my god I might be
like I literally sprinted downstairs and
was like way to the delivery guy was
just driving off because it's the second
time they tried to deliver him I had to
order it from America but Mike if you're
watching this you're very naughty but
yeah this is what I got him it's a
leather bomber jacket which I think he's
really gonna look it's quite red in this
video but it's actually not it's like a
really dark brown I really really think
he's gonna like it I was so excited when
I found that I've been looking for one
ever since last Christmas my dad bought
one from Massimo Dutti
and I was I've seen it I was gonna buy
it for Mike for Christmas and then my
dad bought it like three weeks before
Christmas I was like god dammit he kind
of the same coat as my dad because they
defend a lot of time together and they
see each other a lot it always do
wearing the same coat so I found this
one which is a lot darker so that is it
MDF present I forgot to show you guys
this last night we decorated the kitchen
look so festive I am currently painting
my nails and twos ready for this evening
and I want to show you guys this set
because I am obsessed with it right now
it's butter London's
what's it called any white only and it's
got six polishes in there look how
gorgeous they are for Christmas I
actually have this one on my nails right
now but it's a little bit chip so I'm
going to top that up and then I don't
know what to put on my toes I might go
for the Navy what do you reckon should I
go for that hot sauce and some pasta are
you cooking somewhere like the lunch you
are the bestest so yeah is that the loan
sauce alone sausage tasty snacks nice
work MDF shim-sham a bit of a shimmery
Shambo deal unch before I head off on
the train this is the dress I'm wearing
tonight from Topshop it's like a green
kind of rosy lacey number I'm gonna wear
that and then I was gonna wear this
jacket over the top which I quite like
the brown and the green together but
then I can't decide which shoes to wear
time for a trial session I think I'm
ready after leaving a path of
destruction in my wake I have on my
Topshop dress which looks like these and
my tops with Jackie at my Sandra belt
and then I have on my dachshund flats
which should probably get this way
around and then you guys can see I'm
obviously not wearing these tonight I'm
actually wearing some really high boots
which I will show you they are
SuperDuper high and nearly impossible to
walk in therefore I am not getting the
train in them I'm putting them on just
for this evening right editing time car
time train time let's do this I'm
looking a really funny color because the
Sun is setting look how pink my face
looks like my pink my face and my jacket
look like the same color anyway we're on
our way to the station MDS is dropping
off as per usual and I wanted to chat to
you guys about the jingle the sir
the jingle is back
what do you guys think of it let me know
I'm sure you love it let me know in the
video that's about to go up which is
yesterday's video which is really
confusing I love it yeah jingle is back
you know what there wasn't even really a
reason why I didn't put the jingle in
before it had just been such a busy kind
of a couple of weeks in the run-up to
vlogmas so I just didn't get loads of
you guys been tweeting me and commenting
saying worth jiggles I bring the jingle
by there sir I like your sunglasses I
know they're cool Oh Mike's very
exciting new hey you've had it for a
while now they're not that new so cool
they fold up Alexander McQueen Alexander
McQueen Steven Steve McQueen Eva
I generally these are the coolest
sunglasses I've ever owned in my life
period congratulations your sunglasses
are cooler than you I made it to London
I'm in a cab right now on my way to pick
up Lhasa from work and then we are going
to Leicester Square
these shoes are absolutely killer
actually walk in them I think it was a
bit of an error but I'm gonna do it even
if I'm like tottering along I have found
Lauren I picked her up from work yeah I
felt like I was your mum like waiting
out the line in the car and we're now
walking up to Leicester Square and it
looks so so dirty looking at so pretty
it's pretty red moons right now he's
very good creepy talk dude I've got my
snacks proper popcorn this stuff Asoka
the sweet and salty one Gordon's gin and
tonic ticket got water
oh the nuts anything and the sexy let
the prince suits me
this film is a universal story and we
all have blocks between us and the best
version of ourselves of the true version
of ourselves with about shyness or
insecurity whether that's addiction
anxiety depression but to not identify
with the gem they were assigned of
shortly there was no more profound
glopping human beings and experience
it's a source of such distress and one
has to wonder why in the 1920s and
therefore we're going to see connealy
overcame it at a time when they was not
recognized the word transgender didn't
exist the medical establishment
apologized it consistently and I think
that was because the extraordinary laugh
in this marriage and at the center of
this film then he was so extraordinarily
loved that it makes me feel that all of
us that have blocked it when lucky
enough to be truly loved truly seen by
the person closest to us we have a
possibility of transformation it was
amazing actually amazing I would really
recommend you guys to go see it actually
come out till New Year's Day though but
I have no like I've been on like an
emotional like before like I've had
enough you are throwing for 70% of the
film
did you like it yeah good but my
emotional ELISA makanda yeah yeah she
was incredible like it's obviously
everybody who expecting Eddie redmayne's
we like the big star on the show she
wasn't made that she worked everything
we're gonna go for a drink now yeah
can't down isn't it really cold so I'm
like shaking a bit and feeling a bit
espresso martini time so I've just got
back to the flat and I'm working on my X
Factor video in the moment because I was
having trouble downloading some of the
footage that was filmed by a cameraman
there instead of me and the footage is
like professional quality as opposed to
my vlog camera so it is just taking ages
so it's finally downloaded and the
deadline for me to get it to them is
tomorrow so I'm working on that right
now it's currently 10 past midnight and
it's probably gonna take me another hour
or so but that is cool I'm actually
really wide awake that espresso martini
seriously woke me up normally I'd be
like at this point in the evening yeah I
had such a good night tonight I honestly
can't tell you guys that film it really
moved me and I'm not I don't cry easily
in films and I don't get kind of that
emotional in films that often unless
there's dogs involved because you guys
know how I am with dogs but like on a
serious note this film was so moving
that acting was incredible it honestly
had me like tearing up through about 70%
of it it was just such a great story
brilliant characters just the whole
thing was was really really moving
anyway I'm gonna stop waffling and go to
bed I'm feeling so fasting as well
London is so Christmassy right now got
message from Lauren she got home safe
but yeah I I'm just feeling so
Christmassy now so I'm gonna go to bed
now but I'll see you all in the morning
I'm gonna try and get up early go for a
run but judging by the fact I probably
won't get to that until really late
we'll see if that happens night guys get
ready for the jingle it's back
so Emily asked me feeling a little bit
smug right now now we had that little
bit domestic about the GU spruce tree
basically it turns out that I was right
because I got the best mr. tree
