hey guys and welcome to my first ever
this sounds really weird pregnancy vlog
at this point in time I think I'm
officially about four weeks pregnant so
this is going to be my four week
pregnancy update vlog you guys won't see
it for a very long time I'm actually
still really undecided about when I'm
going to tell YouTube I'm definitely
going to tell with my friends and family
at 12 weeks which is like the norm but I
think I might leave it a bit longer for
YouTube but like I said I'm kind of
undecided so other side as I go along I
still work quite a lot of time before I
need to get to that stage but you guys
will be seeing this a few months away
from now which is really weird because
at the moment it feels like this big
secret and it obviously is this big
secret so it's just me and Mike that
know and women and I don't really know
where to start so Mike and I host even
married for about 4 years and we were
like super super adamant that we didn't
want kids yet general kids yet what I
was Mike was kind of like ready but he
didn't want to put pressure on me Mike's
a few years older than me so I think he
was kind of like you know like whenever
you're ready
and then about 6 months ago I just like
felt felt it like I don't know I just
felt like I might want kids soon and
then we decided that we would start
trying like when I got back from
Coachella because first of all we had a
holiday books were like no I don't want
to be pregnant when we were in South
Africa because I want to be able to
drink like go wine tasting and stuff and
I wouldn't be able to have pregnant so
that was out and then we're like no I
definitely don't wanna be pregnant for
Casella for the similar kind of reason
so we're like okay after Coachella
we'll see what happens but it's probably
going to take ages anyway so yeah and I
think I got pregnant like the day I got
back from Coachella
so it does mentor like seriously it's a
lot sooner than we expected purely
because you know I didn't want
a tempt fate by assuming that things
would happen quickly I didn't want to be
negative and assume that you know we
would have problems but I just was
totally open-minded you know I know that
a lot of people take from a long time to
get pregnant on have issues with it so I
was kind of like I'm just going to see
what happens I'm not I didn't have any
expectations and then I found out about
three days ago and I've wanted to make
this video since I just for some reason
I don't really know why I haven't I've
just been kind of like I don't know
she's like holding on to it is the
weirdest thing as well because I feel so
weird at the moment I think one of the
reasons I wanted to make these like
super early pregnancy vlogs is there's
so much about you know after ten weeks
and like especially so like the second
trimester and third trimesters so much
about that but there's not that much
online about like when you first get
pregnant I know
Ruth Crilley who I know through like
beauty blogging she also have like a
mommy blog she's done early pregnancy
vlogs but she didn't do them that
consistently and I think she started
like seven weeks so I haven't really
seen there's definitely a few online but
I haven't really seen anyone do
consistent like every week and that's
what I'm planning to do the big question
really as well for me about like sharing
kids online and I think I'm more than
happy to share how I'm feeling
throughout my pregnancy but in terms of
like when we have kids I'm not sure how
I feel about that and how I feel about
sharing a lot of their life I think
that's a whole nother video that I'll
get into but just so that you guys know
what to expect from now if everything
comes out okay and the baby is okay you
can expect to see one of these a week
from me so I'll do like one a week
telling you how I feel and what's going
on and if you are going through the same
stuff then you can chat for me I don't
know it's so weird I feel so alone right
now and I think that was the main thing
that I find really strange and the first
day I was like sad about it like I was I
really want to tell people and I just
feel it's really strange because you
want to be excited but because obviously
you think like it happened very quickly
and easily so far for us like I didn't
want to jinx it by being excited because
obviously I think it's
the SATs I like one inside pregnancies
end in miscarriage before 12 weeks and
like everyone fair but don't tell anyone
because of that like or just tell
limited people I have like all the dogs
from the background truth which came in
as well and so I felt like excited but I
also felt like so like worried about
their sizes like I don't want to feel
excited just in case something goes
wrong like I don't want to let myself be
a prize it and I'm guessing that's
pretty normal as well so yeah
emotionally I'm feeling like excited but
I don't want to be excited I'm kind of
like reigning the emotions in actually
making this video is making me more
excited I also just ran and made my
first doctor's appointment which may be
really excited as well and I was so
nervous like my heart was like beating
out of my chest
I felt like it's just like I don't know
it makes it real like when you ring up
and do that so I don't actually have my
dates my first appointment yet she's
ringing the back tomorrow when she can
sort out the divers or anything or
something wrong with the system so I'll
find out my first doctor's appointment
hopefully tomorrow the date of it and
emotionally otherwise I've been like
really grumpy not necessarily more than
normal before a comment period or
anything or spin a bit like emotional
and it's so funny like I physically I
had kind of like I kind of knew it
sounds so weird but I came home on
Friday night and I had ordered some
pregnancy tests on Amazon because I was
away and I just ordered them and then
arrived on Friday night when I got home
and I didn't take them until Saturday
morning it's now Monday morning by the
way guys and in some contexts it's the
same day that my MAC lipstick is just
launched so I feel like the emotions all
over the shop right now anyway so they
arise on a Friday night and I was like I
kind of knew like something about me
just like knew that there was something
up and I didn't want to take it until
the next day and I'm I took it and it
was positive and I took another one I
was positive and then listicle other one
this morning just to make sure for I
made this video and it was still
positive but yeah like something about
me just knew like physically I basically
just felt like I was about to get my
period but I didn't get my period so
so like has only a few days late
technically but I've been feeling like
that for about a week like my boobs
genuinely it feels like I've had a boob
job it's kind of great actually because
I don't have big boobs at all they're
just like really like they're um pretty
solid like rock solid
I like really high up as always in pro
genuinely felt like had a boob job and
I've been getting a little bit of
cramping but not like anything major
just in the sense of like I feel like
I'm going to come over period in the
next few days and it's been like that
now for probably like ten days so that's
kind of how I knew I haven't been
feeling sick at all but I did have a
headache this morning and I'm having to
like obviously make those adjustments
where you stop eating the things we
don't want to eat like tasty cheese we
went to dinner party on Saturday night
which was the first day I found out and
my mum was there and I think my mum
knows because for me not have at least
like one drink at a dinner party my mom
was like oh you're not drinking why and
I was like I'm driving you know Mike I'm
giving Mike like that the opportunities
have not drive me for once because Mike
always drives and she was like oh okay
like I think she just knows like I don't
I think she knows but yeah so that's
what's happening apart from that I feel
tired like I could sleep all day if I
let myself apart from her I just feel a
bit lonely like I've decided I want to
tell my sister I want to tell her in
person she told me when she was pregnant
with Spike her first son she was I come
up maybe like seven weeks or something
when she told me but she told me before
anyone else told me early and I also
want to tell my sister because I feel
like she's the person that I can ask
those questions like you know if I want
to know like what do you do if this
happens or like what to expect you know
I mean because she's had kids and she
knows so yeah so I'm going to tell my
sister this weekend I think we're going
up to stay with her again for dinner
party so I've got to tell her before as
in the party otherwise she'll know I
also really really really want to see a
girl
like really really really want it to be
a boy obviously you know neither of us
mind either way but like I would in the
other girl and Mike would love a boy so
we're in different camps there but yet
he's really excited talking about it has
made me excited and happy like this is
the first time I've been like apart from
just with Mike being like oh my god this
is crazy
I'm really happy I'm really happy you
just don't want to let myself be too
excited just in case and I'm guessing
that as a feeling that happens all the
way through but the most like strongly
now because I haven't had any tests or
scans or whatever and it's just like
that wait could not knowing and because
it's my first baby if I I don't really
know what normal and what's not normal
well the other thing actually I've been
really bloated to the point where I just
feel really fat like even before I
started o in before I like started to
think actually I might be pregnant I was
just in a really bad mood about it so I
was like I'm eating really healthy and
I'm just feel so bloated and fat and my
jeans are so tight so tight and but yeah
I guess that's only gonna get worse
that's going to be it for my first ever
update crap I'm really scared
so excited and scared and deliriously
happy all at the same time and yeah I've
got three sleeping dogs here you guys
are going to have the shock of your
lives the shock of your lives I'll see
you next week guys bye
