good morning guys I can't believe it's
the 7th of December already progress is
coming so quickly I hope you guys
enjoyed yesterday's video of a little
bit of a Japanese candy tasting with me
and Mike the reason why I didn't do
daily vlogging s sake so as actually at
the x-factor results show for the
semi-final and I've logged it but I did
like it get ready with me Vlad --that is
gonna be up on my main channel so I
didn't want to like make two videos
almost the same so you didn't see your
daily blog yesterday but you are seeing
one today today is filming day as you
can see I am all set up and ready to
film that I likes fun and everything
it is a mega mega mess in my office
because I've started wrapping my
Christmas presents because I like to
take a lot of time and care wrapping
Christmas presents this is the Christmas
look that I'm going for this year if you
can see these some of the ones I've done
already so yeah I spend quite a lot of
time wrapping so I start early on so
that I have enough time to do all of
them well otherwise if I end up doing
them a couple of days before Christmas I
wrapped them like I get bored like
halfway through and wrap them really
messy so I like to do a few at a time
and probably about halfway through maybe
just a little under halfway through
today I'm also filming a haul video so I
have some bag as you can see as well as
like wrapping paper everywhere I need to
take this up but I'm also filming the
whole video today so I have some goodies
in here from Primark Selfridges and
debenhams so watch out actually by the
time this goes up I think it's going up
so the whole video is going up before
this video because it's actually going
on today so watch out for that if you've
seen already you are awesome this is the
post filming madness it's time to tidy
up now I think currently assessing the
situation in the fridge to work out what
I can make for my lunch we've got a lot
of vegetables it might be something
vegetable waste we also have mangrove
courgette yogurt some cream bacon two
cooked sausages from the weekend some
pasta
and some apples mmm
so this is what I went for my strange
but delicious lunch of steamed veggies
and a leftover sausage and I also
obviously have some hot sauce this hot
sauce came from tarty she sent it over
if it will focus there we go
it's her favorite hot sauce it is the
habanero hot sauce from Mazetti it's
pretty spicy and tasty so this one is
home I just went to pick him up from
behind the best wife you know what I was
taking
yeah we're fixing the video it just
gonna yeah I wanted to show you as well
because you're about to walk the dogs
and I haven't put it in a vlog yet and
they're in the dark in here check out
their new snazzy colors what's going on
in here but guys excuse me look at you
guys
disco dogs disco dogs basically they're
very easy to lose because it gets dark
so early this time of year it's really
easy to lose outside and as you guys
know piglet likes to run off quite a lot
so they have got light-up
colonists and piglets got a light-up
harness don't they look so cute piggy do
you like here hey you light up disco dog
do you disco dog treecko's getting a bit
oh oh you hiding she getting a bit
frisky oh no oh no posh shall we go for
double use she only ever double use yeah
shall we
pig yeah disco disco dogs so MDF are you
feeling a little bit smug right now no
we had that bit of a domestic about the
Christmas tree well you see I didn't
have a domestic you did and basically it
turns out that I was right because I got
the best Christmas tree in the world and
you were just a rubbish wife Mike went
yesterday
and yes gone was it no it was Sunday
yeah he went yesterday and bought this
corker of a Christmas tree it is mighty
fine
I have to say is bushy it's tall very
tall but not too wide
he's got the lights out and he's ready
to rock and roll baby
look at all of decorations we got the
Christmas tunes on we're gonna get
decorating these are my favorite
decorations I showed you guys these last
year but these are my ones from Henri
Bendel
the dog one I kinda have which one I
think I've got the Christmas tree one
first the dog when I got the year before
last when we were in Krita we're over in
New York even and then the little one I
got I think probably year before that
whenever I'm in New York at Christmas I
get one of these and I hope to get more
eventually what are you doing up there
what you saw at the bottom what kind of
rookie are you it's gonna be like
National Lampoon's NASA a beautiful
vacation trinkle do you know sure about
Christmas she's got she's got the little
decoration the piglet decoration I'm
rejigging the wreath as well because I
decided it wasn't quite good enough so
we're going back in for round two
excuse me Pussycats somebody likes the
lights I think this one wants to help
squidge come on they're not balls
they're bells
she's like ribbons that looks like a dog
toy come on you were you doing what's
going on in here piglets what is that
what is is that cinnamon that's my
cinnamon you cheeky little Ross look how
many toys you've got scattered around
you don't need that come here have you
ruined it Oh Pig she likes this one look
at her come on you know rascal you
rascal what have we got up here little
tricky truth oh oh oh
three
look at the tree it looks magnificent
still got a few bubbles to go Mike's
just cook dinner whilst I was decorating
the tree I have to say this looks spike
freakin tacular Mike spectacular here we
go it's time for the ferry oh come on
you can do it
ferry
are you sure that went on that I don't
think it did not sure about that very
rejection ferry resurrection drunkard
ferry potty all the way up my tree right
fairy
you gotta just shimmy it up
come on you can do it come on Barry I'm
gonna zoom soon for the ferry come on
get to the chopper yeah say Oh tree dogs
I said good tree she's seriously drunk
right now you tired after all that
decorating Pig you sleepy girl you're so
beautiful
oh hi screech hi screech we do it
hello she's like I'm ignoring you right
now mm-hmm that's gonna be it for
tonight guys we had such fun decorating
the tree
the puppies loved it we may have lost a
couple of Christmas decorations in the
process we'll see you guys tomorrow
pretty soon you're interrupting your
vlogmas for a bit of a different format
I went to Japan last week and I bought a
crazy Jack
