well hello there
I'm feeling pretty silly bit yeah
interrupting your vlogmas for a bit of a
different format I went to Japan last
week beautiful and I bought a whole bag
of crazy Japanese sweeties some which I
may or may not know Alicia sweeties but
some of them are gonna be delicious
so I feel I would wrote the fussiest man
in history I don't matter about you do
some Japanese sweet testing cuz I just
like food I'm pretty sure I'm not like
all of these we have some really cool
stuff to try the first thing try is
gonna be this what's the freaking
felonies they look like cities and
they're not frozen I think they're like
ice cream or marshmallow
smallest dick in the world I have no
idea what these are the dogs are
watching us it smells of nothing oh oh
that's really weird it's like quite a
whipped texture it's not sure this is
actually food try it no it was a
different flavor it tastes like fat do
you think it's gonna stick to the roof
of your mouth that's really odd whatever
child won't see that I would be worried
about it next up we have these I don't
even know what the name is but then they
looked a stream or mother this is like a
cookie artificial grape smelling the
middle cards resolved rugby pondered
enter middle bit is that Earth is that
looks like a mini Hello Kitty Patti made
up I think this chocolate made out of
green radioactive nuts
look how cute it is I think it might be
green tea bye bye hello kitty
yes Muslim means chocolate green tea
chocolate okay the next thing in the
sweetshop nose picking up the weirdest
stuff I can find it doesn't have any
writing on it you sure this is edible
it was in the sweet shop can you get the
scissors from my desk this one true
thing oh he is cheese no I'm gonna cut
it in half I say who gets the first bite
you because otherwise if it's gross you
won't eat it oh my god water those
chunky bits in the middle that is not
natural
oh geez who wanted fishing sheets you
can have that back
why was this in the sweet shop anyone
from Japan can you tell me no no no I
don't want it don't need that that's
gonna be pickles oh it's like testicles
no it's nice peaches go everywhere
cherries cherries isn't it oh no chance
no no no no no no no no hey so the
liquid tasted rancid is this what I want
people cherries freaking out is this
Japanese people can you tell us what
this is it's an olive no just no I
thought I like Japanese food until this
point should we go into a nice one
KitKat sounds familiar name yeah all the
more for me with the green tea maybe
you'll like this one better
this is sakura macho which is cherry
blossoms check out my tongue it's so
green I didn't know that color
there's no white chocolate no it doesn't
that taste very posh me whatever it is
philosophy floral last things on KitKat
I may be a big fan of these judging with
how many left these ones are wasabi
KitKat now you like wasabi wasabi you
like it can I refuse you tried to force
me to eat my child
that's a really different experience
expecting my nose to go on fire oh my
god yeah she like what next up we have
these more grape flavored something ooh
somebody's on pickle all know it was
obvious leaking it Oh they've got a
little like hourly thing on them I think
they're like chewy Gillian grape jelly
hmm no you sure okay this could be a
miniature cherry creme brulee can you
get me a spoon I think there's like
liquidy okay first this is so weird
is it weird they taste like cherry you
in there what are you taste of anything
hmm not sure it's all that locally
sourced or freshly made that's okay
ask but not least I bought these little
Japanese ladies I have no idea what they
are whether they're savory or sweet then
they look cool they'll wrap each one is
like packaged up I think they might
actually be Japanese crackers packaged
up like a little Japanese girl when they
come on that one oh yeah they are
they're crackers mmm no quiet and
intense graphics that is it for a
Japanese candy and a cracker tasting
maybe some fishy cheese we hope you guys
enjoyed this video if he did let us know
below what you would most like to try
out of this weird selection I'm guessing
it's not the red balls we will see you
guys again for normal vlogmas which will
commence again tomorrow I hope you guys
have a great day good morning everybody
today's the first day that I've been
home since Tuesday when I started
vlogging and today is actually we're
gonna like shift on a day because I
didn't vlog
