good morning everybody today's the first
day that I've been home since Tuesday
when I started vlogging and today is
actually we're gonna like shift on a day
because I didn't vlog yesterday because
of the doggy lookbook that went up
yesterday but basically I was in
meetings all day yesterday anyone that's
pretty boring but can I just say oMG and
thank you guys so much for the reaction
to the doggy lookbook it's the first
time I've ever done anything like that
so we didn't really know how it would go
down and the comments have been
unbelievable so big thank you I'm gonna
sit in the dog bed with Treecko
well she was freaked out because Mike's
coming in from outside please
she's like I'm not listening to you I'm
not listening to you but then we had so
much fun filming it and the dogs had the
best day they were just getting so much
attention it was amazing so yeah today
I'm home and I've got a chilled-out
Saturday and we're getting the Christmas
trees so excited about that and good
morning to you sir morning my darling
what are you doing you off out see your
friends is today and not with me yes you
better prepare yourself can you prepare
yourself please
prepare prepare yourself for a Christmas
tree can I show you how to prepare my
house you should repair yourself Thomas
was it in here nothing in here look down
and up up corner there oh that is how
the Christmas tree stand is out yeah
that's a big one this has water in it
that's cool and I also got these the
other day I bought some new candy canes
because the candy canes are three I
don't know let me know if anyone else
does this the candy canes on our tree
like get pulled out every year no one
really eats them except one friend and
say they're like 4 years old and I
stopped her eating than that let's see
if you're watching this don't eat the
candy canes
we can this year because I knew anyway
so I got some new candy canes my camera
just mysteriously turned itself off and
I do not know why but then I also got
some of these glass ball balls he's from
TK Maxx they're six pound for a box
which is actually pretty good for this
like nice glass I hope they're glass at
the heavy heavy enough to be last and
then I got these four
red ones very pretty so the Christmas
tree decorating is going to commence
this afternoon
oh and I also have these which is like a
random selection I bought this a while
ago I got sent this come who sent me
this it was worth like a Christmas card
from a brand and then I got another one
here that says flow as well this one was
from Braun because it has a ribbon that
says broad limit and I've got many many
stocking as well there so that is what
was going on the Christmas tree or like
they're the new additions for the
Christmas tree this year so watch this
space we will be decorating this
snacktime Piketty woos hey guys why do
you want outfits on today huh no snazzy
video shoot how was the date guys good
and well slightly incest us date there
but you know love you guys how are you
oh yeah let's get some breakfast
breakfast for all delicious smells
interesting and you know I can do today
guys I can open not one but five my
advent calendar because I have you been
here since the beginning of the month
and I forgot to do it on Tuesday which
is the one day I was here I've got a
balm cosmetics advent calendar with bath
bombs in it this year this is from Mike
see what's him whoa how do you get
through that oh there we go Santa Baby
soap all is the soap it's not bad for
five days worth of advent calendar it is
a little bit later now but we are on our
way to pick up actually I think we do
need a light maybe just a little one
like that that's good but on our way to
pick up the Christmas tree Mike is
driving and we we have a passenger in
the back thank you know Jack's here as
well we're going to pick the Christmas
tree and we're meeting my brother and
his son and my sisters kids and my dad
they're they're all stressing because
and they're all stressing cuz we're late
surprise surprise we're gonna get the
biggest most festive Christmas tree in
the world
might not have the Christmas trees there
so who else go come on down in which
case we have to sway to light next
weekend
possibly but we can go to Z here because
no no Mike in that case just get a
smaller one smaller one baby please
guys it's rush hour at the Christmas
tree farm are we gonna get a tree this
is crazy I'm sorry I think today might
be the number one day for Christmas tree
shopping just so now that we've made
some rain to have friends Rudolph didn't
crash we're talking about something else
crash-landed here okay so apparently
there were no Christmas trees here big
enough
all right first thing in the morning can
we at least carry everything come on
yeah it is remarkably festive in here
look at these cute little houses and
little birdies and fruit it's like a
mega festive so while yesterday's vlog
misses exporting I am admiring the
magnificent wreath and I'm actually
gonna decorate it I also bought these
don't did I run there they are
mini lights I'm gonna put lights in the
wreath is that crazy idea I think it's
gonna be quite cool
and I have a little piggy to puja I'm
gonna put this on here as well the
wreath is gonna be really tacky this
year normally I go really old school and
like gold and everything I'm gonna go
pretty candy cane and dachshunds and
fairy lights and guess what is playing
right now it's only Mariah Carey my most
favorite of all Christmas songs what is
your favorite Christmas song that makes
you feel Christmassy you know like when
it first comes on you're like it is now
Christmas time Christmas is
Jack thinks the coca-cola advert that is
idea have you seen it yet this year yes
I have it was good it was good
this my one is this song right Harry's
brilliant what about you piggy to pooj
I want to know what you think of the
reef because it smells really funny
she's like yeah whatever
also what's happening right now what are
you booking MDF trying
mission accomplished without digging out
all of the rest of the decorations from
the Attic this is what we've come up
with for the reef this year reef reefs
sir sir sir Sir sir that needs to get
bit higher things I like to United
accent its you piggy on the door
she's like yeah whatever I'm cuter than
that on our way to get burgers burgers
on Saturday night we're going to Byron
and I'm gonna get the mushroom burger
I'm not a vegetarian but the mushroom
burger is why is it beeping if you don't
really go on yeah the mushroom burger
Byron is life it's so good what happens
if they stopped making it they won't
have they stopped doing the Greek salad
so far today Christmas has been ruined
by you MDF Christmas is not ruined but
the Christmas tree leaf I wanted tonight
to be like Christmas tree festivities
rockin around the Christmas tree putting
the decorations on this one no
that's the lie I do want to do it what
was that you say it so incredibly bumpy
crazy driving bumper graphic basically
you want this to happen but I want it to
be done right and we're not doing a
half-assed job we're doing a proper job
and that's how Christmas should be good
oh hey Mike what's that that's a
Christmas tree no we don't have one of
those Mike cause you're miserable the
feast has arrived this is my veggie
burger which is epic I get extra
jalapenos in there to make it extra
spicy and then instead of chips I got an
iceberg wedge such a small knot
debatably more or less healthy I think
probably about the same but it's so
tasty Mike got a burger Cheeburger this
is a like you are losing compared to
Jack's order OMG
the father cheeseless is delivering and
the boys have like an assortment of
prizes these two Rascals have got
milkshakes to go I'm stealing that in
the car yeah when you're driving and
you're watching attention knows I'm
gonna have one of those hats we do that
is bond you mean you're maxing relaxing
guys spicy do you are definitely maxing
relaxing you see watching the x-men
which one is this the one that's where
they go back to the 70s that's gonna be
it for tonight guys piglet says good
evening what what I hope you all have a
fantastical day no she really doesn't
she's like leave me alone oh that's
gonna be it for today guys see you all
tomorrow and we actually might get a
Christmas tree maybe perhaps I'm not
promising anything not with that one
around good morning guys welcome to the
third day of a blog birth so I'm talking
a little bit later than normal today
because I have just had an absolute mare
trying to float first their book should
have gone up down today but I'm having
big internet problems because I forgot
my portable wife
