good morning guys welcome to the third
day of a blog birth so I'm starting a
little bit later than normal today
because I have just had an absolute mare
trying to upload the first ever book
should have got that today but I'm
having big internet problems because I
forgot my portable Wi-Fi so I'm having
to come to style those officers to
upload the video which is a bit of a
pain but that is what's going on this
morning I'm also on a panel this
afternoon and then can we have dinner
with salmon Lauren which would be cool
and there is also the salvo Christmas
party this evening which will be fun and
Mike's coming down to London which is
like unheard of for him so it's gonna be
a fun day in South Bank and I'm then
right now here's the river so actually
looking very very great today so
probably doesn't look as I love it
sometimes candy on the Saturday but I'm
heading to the panel that doing how much
give me lunch at and there are so many
like this hot chocolate choux pastry hot
toddy pop up the burger top up behind me
and it all smells
really good so you guys know I said I
was hungry well we actually had half an
hour before the panel so kami got some
food and I was so hungry I ate all of it
very much
we're in Oaxaca it got owned we'll have
some tasty wax chips walking across the
river I thought I would show you guys
where I'm working right now
I just finished really well as she
wasn't that a big one
sometimes it's worth like so I walked up
like with me baby so it's a really unfit
yeah sometimes I'll do that when there's
like 300 people in the room you're like
oMG that's kind of a lot of people but
this time is pretty small to us pretty
chilled and now only way into has just
go to the dentist so I'm kind of hoping
he will still be like having a good time
so yeah he never comes along that he
does I'm super excited
look how pretty the lights are on Regent
Street I think these are some of my
favorite Christmas lights in London it's
like the like cokes from inside a wash
and they've got all these little dangly
bits next to the strong lights that
sparkle
t41 have you got there Michael to you
for once I've gotten a prosperous oh
yeah
summery drink where have you been
naughty what have you been doing I've
been in London without you I've missed
you terribly
I miss you like a hole in the head we're
now on our way to the style Hall
christmas shindig which they're having
at a place called the flight club in i
like flight not I haven't watched Fight
Club in a long you know I haven't I have
more she's in that red have you know you
read a book oh so yeah I like it
actually I've been there once before
because they have like digital darts in
a way that you know except like those
you know when you do bowling and it like
charts all your thinking you like
against people you know teams that have
a Ford arse and I am surprisingly good
I'm ready to surprise
so cocky come on then
oh the sad London rain we are now in a
taxi on our way home from the stomach
mr. party which was super fun the focus
is going a little crazy and let's have a
look there we go that is better I am
with the bag Serena is coming to stay
this evening
I've cut with her off when your run is
like Rapunzel a very exercises my first
sleepover at this new I'll never been to
l5 Christmas pajamas review no I asked
you have you actually have Pat my I'm
not a business tree then what do i house
home being a mini Christmas treatment
system if I'm staying on my own I can
still feel fast asleep I enjoy I pack em
again mister mister Christmas bossy elf
in the corner sweet yeah whatever you've
got a Christmas jumper says i'm with
screws does that like three no you don't
I am very good deal I got your kind of
the post-war the new Christmas tea stand
oh yeah we're getting Christmas tree
this weekend we'll choose it
hopefully it's not raining like this I
think it is miserable right that it's
gonna be it tonight guys hope you
enjoyed today's vlogmas and this is
actually gonna be going up on saturday
as opposed to friday like i'm really
confused by the day is uploading because
basically yesterday's vlog will have
been a bit of a secret special doggy
mission and i hope you guys enjoyed it
Hey different for us you know but quite
honestly when we were putting it
together
it was the most hilarious video with
ever phone with a note he doesn't know
what we're talking about it's just it
was it was just the best thing ever to
be honest and I hope you guys liked it
cuz I nearly wet my pants when we saw
when we actually saw the first cut of it
I laughed so hard my stomach and my face
were hurting and I nearly people hands
anyway that's probably TMI see you guys
tomorrow hope you have a great evening
or morning or whatever you're watching
this and see you then buh night
say bye guys hey guys and welcome to the
second day of vlogmas in case you're
wondering why i am sweaty first thing in
the morning I've actually just been for
a run and I think about this a little
while ago I've been terrified of running
my entire life like running outside fire
on a treadmill in the gym whatever
running outside
I've just been really self-conscious I
think because like what other people
think which is ridiculous because for
starting the
