hey guys and welcome back so today I've
got a very special video it's all about
screech it's all about squidge in case
you can't tell so a couple of weeks ago
B t-mobile got in touch with us and
asked us if we wanted to get involved in
their perfect formula competition which
is basically combining two amazing
things to make something even better so
in their case it's great for G and Wi-Fi
and in our case is Dougie's and look
folks so we've had the most hilarious
day stay tuned to the end to find out
about an awesome competition how you can
win some prizes and I really hope you
guys enjoy this video it's been
hilarious
nobody can deny it you got a good thing
goin up you come spinning like a yo-yo
as you play me
I can live without
so that's it guys are a perfect formula
is dogs and look folks we hope you guys
enjoyed watching this video it was quite
a various to make you want to get
involved in be t-mobile's perfect
formula competition head over to their
UK Facebook page or their Twitter and
enter your perfect formula for the
chance to win some prizes they're giving
away a samsung galaxy s6 edge every week
and they've also got a grand prize of a
mobile gadget bundle as well I'm going
to put a little info below and yeah
check it out if you want to win some
cool stuff and we will see you for the
rest of vlogmas very soon supply biggie
did you have a fun day big boy
