hey guys and welcome to the second day
of vlogmas in case you're wondering why
i'm sweaty first thing in the morning
I've actually just been for a run and I
tweeted about this a little while ago
I've been terrified of running my entire
life like running outside fire on a
treadmill in the gym whatever running
outside I've just been really
self-conscious I think because like what
other people think which is ridiculous
in November I was oh right
I'm gonna conquer my fear and we start
doing it and every time that I stay in
London when I get up in the morning I've
been going on a run so that's what I did
this morning and I went a little bit
further than I've been before this
morning I went about two and a half
miles which doesn't sound like a lot if
you're a runner but for me that's quite
far it's all about I kind of building it
up and like doing it faster but also
doing it like without stopping because
when I first started doing it I was like
run a mile like there to like a
destination have like a minute rest and
then run a mile back so if any of you
guys run let me know you're running tips
because I'm actually starting to quite
enjoy it as well which is really cool I
mean it's probably the worst time of
year to start running because it's
winter and it's getting cold but that's
what I've been doing this morning I'm
now gonna go out I've got a couple of
meetings this morning and I am gonna
pile up in a coffee shop and work on a
secret project that's actually not so
secret so I may as well announce it in
this video basically I'm writing a
second book oMG how exciting I haven't
actually done like like I said I haven't
really announced it officially but
whenever people have been asking me
about it like in interviews and stuff I
did a podcast with a sauce last week
which you guys can go and check out it's
called like my big idea I think they do
one weekly or bi-weekly anyway so I was
on that last week and I kind of like
dropped it that I was writing book tune
and I was like oh I haven't actually
told you guys about that so that's what
I'm working on at the moment so
basically that is kind of December's
project is to work on book two so that's
why I'm doing this morning I'm gonna get
ready and I'll catch up with you shortly
hey guys it's actually quite a bit lease
now and I'm back on my bed I have been
in meetings all morning and half the
afternoon especially like fall apart now
but I haven't been able to film anything
because they've been into her house and
they don't if you guys don't know what
there's like a private member's Club and
they don't let you film will take photos
in there so I haven't been able to
Blagh I just had like back-to-back
meetings I am now feeling really rotten
I've got back and I was like halfway
through getting change I think no I just
need to sit down for a minute so for my
dressing gown on taking some Beechum's
flu plus and some of these baraka boost
things
mike has given me his cold which
normally during vlogging months I start
off like super healthy raring and ready
to go and then I get it at the end from
just general like vlogging vlogging
vlogging editing whatever and I'm
starting this one off with a cold this
is not good I have a red nose already
yeah I just feel a bit so I'm just doing
some work in bed getting things done
sending some emails trying not to fall
asleep tonight I'm actually going to see
Madonna at the o2 which I'm really
excited about with Avon so I have a car
picking me up in about 15 minutes for
that and like gonna touch up my makeup a
little bit I just hate it when you have
something really fun and exciting to go
to but you feel rubbish you just know
you're not gonna enjoy it as much as you
normally would so come on Baraka and flu
plus it needs to kick in like right now
so before I go I thought it would show
you a quick outfit of the day for the
Madonna concert I'm gonna do my crazy
technique of standing on the lid to show
you because I still don't have a
full-length mirror actually redoing the
flap in February so hopefully after that
it'll be a little bit more filming
friendly I've got to apologize for how
dirty the mirror is because I haven't
cleaned it and a couple of weeks and
because the mirror is in the shower you
get water marks all over it
I might actually do it in this mirror
this might work better because this
mirror is clean how weird is this guys
I'm gonna like turn it around new
close-up so basically I'm wearing the
same outfit as I wore for my top rock
meetup when I was in New York in October
so if you guys remember that or remember
me tweeting I'm still standing on the
toilet just vlogging
it's like the shower curtain is right
there this is real but yeah if you
remember me instagramming it then you'll
be able to see a closer look it's all
from Topshop all the top and a skirt is
from Topshop so this little crop top
which I don't normally wear crop tops
but there's no like even if you like
that there's anytime
skin showing sight I like this one it's
like a gentle / safe crop top it's not
exposing too much tummy but yeah so it's
in this really cool like burgundy Navy
and black lace which I love and it's
lined on like the chest area I've got
like a high neck and then the arms are
sheer so you can see that you are
through it I really like it and then the
skirt actually probably use a bit of a
lint roll before I leave but this is
also from Topshop I have my tights on I
have my Chloe Hudson bag which I love
this is actually a new addition to my
bag collection it's very beautiful for
the winter time and then I have on my
Alexander wearing boots which have the
little like silver detail on the back so
that is kind of what it looks like all
together even though you can't really
see one day I'm gonna have a full-length
fur and you guys will be able to see so
on another note as well I am actually
really really liking my hair I was a bit
nervous when I got it cut yesterday
because you need half that light gray
when you walk out the hair as it looks
amazing
oh yeah yeah and then I was like oh my
god it's actually like a lot shorter
totally might like own doing because I
said to Gareth so it's like I want to be
sure so that's kind of a few inches and
today I like woke up I was like I really
like it like it just feels so healthy
and thick and I don't know why should we
like it so yeah I'm gonna go and watch
McDonough now we're actually going for
dinner first and I think we might find
from really read the blog is there so
that'll be fun and I will vlog with her
because she's always hilarious person to
vlog I had the most crazy taxi driver
I'm pretty sure he was insane he was
listening to the news like what language
is this I was like because it was just
the news in English as it had been for
the past hour that we've been in the car
it's like
slightly and he kept getting really
frustrated and then traffic was bad and
like turning around and just being like
I'm not doing this and driving the other
way kind of like you kind of have to go
that way it's busy cuz there's a concert
anyway I got here now I'm gonna try and
find a group I'm like 40 minutes late
dinners when I hope I still get
solidarity we've been having completed
in Iraq and whether she was gonna play
new song to all times
that's just like sex
since his stroke is strong in a bow sack
I'm officially now Madonna fan she's
such a bad so good I've just got back
and I'm in my PJs I had such a good time
I'm also in my jumper that says I'm
cooler on the Internet true story guys
with my red nose I had such a good time
so a big thank you see the guys able for
taking me I'm now officially a massive
Madonna fan there you go I didn't really
know what to expect but she is it's
actually really cool because she's one
of the like only kind of living like
proper legend musicians lefty like
Michael Jackson Elvis and Madonna like
she's up there with them and she's still
rocking it and she's the same age as my
mom I think which is pretty impressive
that's it for tonight I'll see you all
tomorrow have a very good vlogmas until
it until next time hi guys welcome to
vlogmas the first day of December is
here and you know what that means
it means I am now allowed to sing and
play as many Christmas songs
