good morning everyone and welcome to
vlogmas the first day of December is
here and you know what that means it
means I am now allowed to sing and play
as many Christmas songs haha this grumpy
one doesn't allow any Christmas
festivities until the 1st today I'm
going to London it's currently temple
you don't for like 3 days it's currently
10 plus 7 is 10 power 7 P deepu's I've
got to leave you my little bear I'm
gonna miss you so much we give me a kiss
before I go oh you will
oh because it's probably watch she's
like oh no I think you're fine mdf this
is not Christmas music Christmas
did you just delete it who found it I
found it
talkSPORT yes yeah so I've made it to
London I'm currently on my way to a
mysterious meeting amazingly there was
an event last week I couldn't make it to
four I think it's like a new store
opening of a French designer called
Jerome Dreyfus so I don't know if you've
seen his bags before they are amazing so
anyway I really say I couldn't go and
the response I got was to arrange like a
separately thing and I don't like I
don't normally I don't go to a lot of
events but it sounded kind of funny but
there's basically all of the facts are
named after like French men's names so
I've been getting text messages from I
presume is like the PRS number arranging
like a romantic date with Laurent who is
like one of the names that applies the
Bannock so I'm kind of a little bit up
because I'm hoping there's not an actual
man there because that would be really
awkward so we're getting all of these
text messages like oh ma cherie and love
that which I showed to Mike and we've
something it's hilarious
so we shall see okay so the person I was
meeting was actually apparently the bag
I have a bag of stuff here I don't know
what's in it
I'm super excited open it I'm heading
off to my friend Gareth Sal
but what he is filming me he's doing my
head and also filming it for a kind of
show real thing that he needs so that's
what's happening today I haven't eaten
anything I'm so hungry I'm not trying to
locate some snacks on route to Brixton
okay so I thought I'd share this with
you guys as I'm opening the first thing
in the bag is this cat how cute is that
actually looks a bit like growling in a
teddy bear form and this is the note
that came with it says to add a bit of
family as soft as this little guy can be
you are the only person I want to cuddle
and then there actually is a bag in here
this is so amazing this is honestly like
the best start to December ever in the
world how gorgeous is this
it's a rucksack my first ever proper
rucksack how exciting feeling like the
luckiest girl in the world right now
okay off for to Brixton to get this more
sorted out the hair is a work in
progress and for once Gareth is filming
me I want hair like that but I'm a bit
scared that I couldn't pull it off can
we do color oh no no it is good so my
hair is done actually we cut quite a lot
of it I hope you guys like it I'm loving
it being a bit short I feel free we've
actually come out because I have an hour
I'm heading off to the events I and
Gareth on our imagery client so we are
here having some lunch
I ordered salad we're in turtle bay and
it's actually like DIY salad I'm quite
liking it as butternut squash and goats
cheese salad dressing watermelon I think
these are like some kind of fried
chickpea I don't know but they look
really really tasty you want to tire
like duck wrap get eaten there so I have
left Gareth and I'm currently on my way
to the InStyle event which if you guys
remember from a little while ago I won
to inspire walls
exciting and today they're having a kind
of fan meeting free event and we're all
going for dinner so that is what is
happening I am outside the YouTube space
right now
and it's looking so festive December is
officially here it's actually not
looking that festive but that particular
tree over there is brilliant
also look what happens my iPhone it is
smashed to smithereens I'm hopefully any
other fixed on Friday you know when you
like drop in it's okay when there's like
this yeah we're gonna go meet some
subscribers and then get some snacks and
drinks and be festive and merry and now
everyone else to stop talking what else
can I wait that's probably so why I was
going to show you before vlog section
started was the fact that we actually
have a copy of the Edition 13
OMG it's actually enormous as well like
than if you can see in scale of my hand
look at it it's massive and then there
are loads of pictures let's wrap in this
view there's pixie move everyone's in
here near me Louise look at her hair
luscious locks that sounded really pervy
anyway and then everyone has a article
so this one's Patricia's and then mine
is in here somewhere with a smurf but
they're giving these away for free I
think it probably is just in London is
it just in London anyone know anyone
know
here it is this is my article brides and
streets like no you think Brighton are
gonna miss out it out of anywhere like
next ellonija that we like yeah up there
over the second phase together all
bloggers feeling Bryson base will ask
but basically it's free and they're
gonna be giving it out somewhere on the
streets this is my article on it's
actually very long so if you get a
chance to read it it's all about YouTube
and stuff and it has a troll I was
supposed and that's obviously not me
battling the trolls did I do you get it
it's patrol so we've just done a Q&A in
here and it's basically like Christmas
and then the tree and there's present
and it says Merry Christmas on the wall
yeah this is vlogmas is officially
happening so we had such a good night
out in south party and i say good night
to one out have an amazing problem with
day one i hope you all had a great day
and i'll see you bye hey guys and
welcome to Iceland I'm doing a bit of an
additional surprise vlog today because I
am in Iceland with Aussie and my charmer
career and we have been here this is
actually our second day
