hey guys and welcome to Iceland I'm
doing a bit of an additional surprise
vlog today because I am in Iceland with
Aussie and my charm echeveria and we
have been here this is actually our
second day our first day it's a little
bit cold money that in Iceland
this is actually our second day so
yesterday Becky vlogs like doing all of
vegan adventurous outdoorsy stuff and
today I'm so excited because we are
going to learn how to cook traditional
Icelandic food and we're going to the
Blue Lagoon spa and having a nice
relaxing early day so we're gonna be
sharing our amazing awesome day with you
guys come along and see what we got to
do we have arrived in this beautiful
full kitchen which is actually giant and
a lovely place to be this morning
beckster is taking charge of the baking
because we're actually doing three
courses today we have a starter of
arctic char which is a special Icelandic
fish apparently got Cod for Maine and
then this is my favorite part
Becky is in charge of the marriage bliss
cake which apparently is a traditional
Icelandic cake that no pressure the wife
has to cook at the beginning of the
marriage as an indicator of how the
marriage is going to be so I've been not
married yet but she'll get practice
right and we have our lovely teacher Lau
behind this who's gonna be showing us
how to cook everything and hopefully
we're not gonna fail there's some
serious art work going on right now
Becky is cutting hearts into the dough
I'm gonna put your an issue on as well
this is marriage I'm actually quite glad
that Becky got baking because I am
really not great at baking but I
currently have four pots on the go this
card is gonna be good future husband I
hope you're watching we're smoking some
arctic char right now with the smoke gun
and some hickory wood chips there is
some smoke action
and is that quick just like 20 seconds
getting smoked as well look at that
start in the corner skating fancy oh oh
let's pretend I meant to do that want me
to good strategy Fleur this is not
looking how it how it's shaping to say
that way oh if it wasn't dropped on the
side second time lucky guess is a big
portion oh look at that it still looks
pretty original oh man it's like a
Jackson Pollock record the moment of
truth is it isn't gonna be good I'll be
good enough to standard everything on
here got the I didn't did we say exactly
what was caught with them barley my own
plots three pickled onion and some
celeriac is it good how many out of ten
would you give it 15 out of 10 a hundred
out there here's the delivery of pudding
I'm not gonna lie Becky I know
recitation time but you have a
personalized a moment of truth so this
is the happy marriage cake with this is
cream and skier mixed together and skier
is like Icelandic thing and it's got
rhubarb syrup that's actually really
good is it good you have a happy
marriage ahead of you Becky whoo and now
I want to superset
coach on our way to the lagoon and very
excited chilao hopefully it's gonna stop
raining the weather in Iceland is crazy
like it's like super sunny one minute
and it's hailing and it's raining and
it's really cold
then it's sunny again pretty cool bit
like the sky is like half sunny half
gray you just never know what you're
gonna get
oh my god guys who just arrived at the
Blue Lagoon and Becky's had to run off
because she's having a massage I'm on my
way to my massage now look how beautiful
I've also smashed a load of conditioner
in my hair because while it's meant to
be really really good for your skin it's
not many be good for your hair so I'm
like have slicked fuzzy 3 minute miracle
bun going on right now we're now on our
way to put some face masks on this feels
so I'm not naked by the way I've got
bikini top on I almost I forgot my
bikini bottoms as well oh my god in the
changing room
I forgot my bikini bottom I'm gonna rock
it in my pants
this is the most probably one of the
most hilarious places I've blogged for
I'm not gonna like it there's lots of
naked men behind me
because I'm gonna go put my camera away
because I am in fear of dropping it in
the lagoon so I've just got out of the
lagoon and I look really pink because we
are in the coolest restaurant it's like
attached to the lagoon I'm feeling so
chill I had my massage you can see some
blue lagoon eNOS behind me I've had the
best time
I was actually here with Ozzie as I said
in the beginning because they are
releasing a limited edition collection
of hair products for winter miracle
which is in limited edition amazing
Christmassy packaging and they're also
having a really really cool giveaway
extra-special for winter they're giving
away a trip to Iceland but also lots of
other really awesome goodies including
lots of Aussie products and also a trip
to no-man's for
in Solent which sounds really cool if
you guys want to enter what we have to
do is take a picture of your awesome
moment including you and the background
nobody else that has to have a minute
and post it on social media with the
hashtag awesome moment I'll put it on
screen now because it's got a little bit
of interesting spelling and yeah share
it with us and also use all these social
handles to to enter and I'm gonna put
all the T's and C's down below I want to
read through them first to make sure you
in with a chance of winning and yeah
hope you guys have enjoyed coming along
on my blog with me and hope you all have
a great day and I'll see you very soon
bye guys hey guys and welcome to Paris I
actually didn't coming here today
because the inside of the train was
pretty boring and it was really early
and to be honest I spent half of the
journey facedown on the table to sleep
because I was so tired
but I have arrived in Paris I'm actually
here
