hey guys and welcome to the morning of
Halloween so I have no make for Nana -
what wet hair
however Mike and I have just had some
breakfast we slept in today super late
in the Hat just really nice morning and
then we've dug out the dogs Halloween
costumes Oh them pick it on the other
hand and the road is ready and waiting
to go on her walk in her rocket dog
outfit do you want to go - I don't think
you can really wear that on the walk
piggies and then it's quite nice and
warm to be honest piglets outfit doubles
as a Halloween and a bonfire night
costume doesn't it piglet you're a
spaceman if you take this off spaceman
piglet and then you stick this on and
she's a rocket dog Pickett Hey she's
kind of unimpressed shall we go out Mike
is decided that piglet is allowed off
the lead for the first part of the walk
I think this is a terribly bad idea yeah
where is she she's done it rather tricky
here she comes
we are taking the doggie woggie nice I'm
already jiggin yeah I think it's a bad
idea
also I want it the Sun is so bright in
my eyes I want to show you my lipstick
which I'm wearing today if you guys can
see it was a good amount of light that
isn't lining me at the same time is from
Barry M I really like it he may have
reformulated their lipsticks his last
family ties and they're pretty dry this
is like the creamiest lipstick ever big
fan and seeing is it's Halloween I
thought I'm gonna go for the dark purple
piglet wiglet needs to go on the lead
like forth you can have half way up the
field then she can it's such a beautiful
day look at this is like the perfect
autumn day amazeballs not a good day for
mowing the lawns a good day for hanging
out with me well hello there fine people
it's quite a lot later now because I've
been editing and uploading videos all
day and working on my gift guides
because I'm actually doing a common
before I told you guys this but I'm
doing
interests gift guides as well this here
so I've been doing that all day and it's
been unloggable basically because it's
been me on a computer like good Mike's
been mowing the old lawns all day
oh we've come out for dinner with the
two rentals look at their food I ordered
a vegetarian turns out it's quite a
small portion
massive chips salad and a whole thing of
the Sonia I'm loving it
and you have got pie oh nice great been
there two years I'm so doing my chips in
your gravy
we've Commodore gravy with like a creamy
pipe not sure about this is passing it
to you in it I spy with my little eye
noisy little dogs I say that because now
start barking open the door open the
door unlock the door with the key or she
started in real monsters creeper yeah
starts jumping up Yap a lot is naughty
can inside everyone
have you been fairly well behaved that's
very much paved obviously actually a
little look random toys and balls on the
floor it's actually almost midnight
excuse me and I just said to Mike like
oh we gonna watch your films like it's
too late what kind of old grandpa units
Saturday night so Halloween let's watch
a scary movie at midnight we need pins
about our poppies on we just got puppies
at the restaurant we were and they had
them on the bar but they don't have pin
to pin to put my poppy on furnace embers
happy special the diamond-encrusted pit
are you joking
oh do you mean like the Pearl one yeah
you don't on the purl one
no we must have some okay there's a
whole pincushion you go what your
fingers
oh but they've got um you just put on
the inside they don't see and put them
on the inside of your lapel oh I see I
see this is my sewing kit which is
actually in this antique box it's like
an antique sewing box was the present
from Mike's mom I think that's my
birthday I can't really which birthday
but it's really nice look at it we keep
all of our things definite and all of
these yeah I have but I've never used
any of these this I did my jeans the
other day by you by using this there's
loads of good stuff in here this yes
yeah there's thread is it measuring tape
that's good to remember that's in that
bottle of tea popular there's there's
pins there's needles fucking extra
buttons and stuff in here wonder where
places extra shoelaces for those extra
shoes oh so many shoes we've actually
got quite a lot of extra shoelaces yes I
want to know what do all these okay okay
the bottom what's that what's this kind
of thing there's a polka polka okay
what's this that is some kind of
threader threader what's this no idea
what bogies it's a hook of some kind I
think that's a small person spit that so
jiggery-pokery said you if I don't agree
with that I don't know that one looks
really similar to this one I'm gonna go
say for another thread another thread oh
yeah what about this oh god I don't know
what like a possible
scissors maybe no this hook that's
Captain Hook's do with all this stuff a
Peter Pan like cuz they call it really
small yeah it's like his like he's like
his Pole yeah okay okay this one Sims
dunno giant threader a giant rather a
loop some kind of looping that's for
less we're really in sexy men that's for
letting ants that one I don't know it's
like a whistle what's that one is one of
those things
you undo stitches which I think annoy
Carmen but all that you thread needles
with yes you thread noodles it doesn't
say I'm doing snap no that's actually
like I got that instead ruin knot untied
auntie if you know what any of these are
let us know we have no freaking idea
turning this yeah we know what this is
but that's it hey guys so I did not
finish my blog last night because after
me saying oh dough it's so early we can
watch a movie I actually fell asleep on
the sofa we watched a bit of you mean
Apocalypse oh so it was fun and I'm
still not caught up on that I've missed
like three episodes so I'm still trying
to catch up and I'm still like halfway
through episode four so I'm nearly there
anyway I wanted to say goodbye for this
vlog and also for vlog Toba because it
is the last day of October I know I said
I would do an extra two vlogs because
technically this is gonna be like the
29th I think because I missed two days
this month however I am doing something
really exciting tomorrow
I'm actually going to Iceland with Ozzy
on a special trip and I'm going to be
vlogging that so there's going to be an
extra vlog there which is coming up next
week so I feel like for October is a bit
short but I hope you guys understand
things have been a little bit manic the
last few weeks and I hope you guys
enjoyed for October anyway thank you for
sticking with me and I'm hoping to get a
couple of different vlogs up in November
for you all before the madness of
vlogmas begins in December so yeah
that's gonna be it for this month thank
you so much for joining me it really
means the world that you guys watch my
vlogs and commonly if you actually want
to watch my daily life you guys are
crazy
but yeah so I love you guys thank you
again for a wonderful month
and thanks for sticking with me I'm
sorry I missed two days I suck but yeah
watch out for new stuff coming very soon
and I hope you all have a fabulous
November
bye guys hello guys and welcome to my
little DMC with you all so it's actually
what is it Friday right now I didn't
vlog yesterday
I didn't start off the day intending not
to vlog but it
