hello guys and welcome to my little DMC
with you all so it's actually what is it
Friday right now I didn't vlog yesterday
I didn't start off the day intending not
to vlog but it turned into just a pretty
crappy day and I don't normally sweat on
this channel so I apologize if that
offends you but it really was a crappy
day I know that's not requiring and
anyway so I just thought I would sit
down on my beanbag today and have a
little chat with you all about why it
was rubbish and in general like when
you're not feeling great like it's like
I mean I would never ever complain about
vlogging because it's my choice to do it
and I loved it and I loved being able to
share my life with you guys but
sometimes it's quite hard to do daily
vlogging and hence I do it every other
month so I don't kind of have that
pressure like every day of my whole life
is every other month but yesterday it's
just everything seemed to go wrong you
know when you have one of those days
that way it all it's all disappointing
and I just feel like I didn't want to
make a vlog that was like and I just had
this bad news and it had this and then I
was late for that meeting and it just
one of those days one of those days so
anyway that was yesterday today is a new
day
it's Friday I actually have really
exciting phone call in it's probably
actually imminently so I probably should
go but I'm working on a project with
InStyle which is coming out soon next
month
beginning next month and I have an
interview with them in a minute which
I'm super excited about and then I also
have another interview with The Guardian
this morning two phone interviews one
after the other
sounding a little bit crow Prix after
staying out late yes I have an interview
with The Guardian about the second
series of a mini documentary short
series we filmed with channel 4 which is
called internet famous the name is one
thing but genuinely like it was really
fun filming it
the first series were like I don't know
if you guys saw them
we're just entitled internet-famous and
there were individual like four minutes
shorts on like a day in my life and
couple of other youtubers lives and then
the second series is more about was
actually filmed at VidCon so it's kind
of like a behind the scenes at VidCon
and it has lots of other youtubers in it
including like Louise from sing sprinkle
of pleasure like I had October Lilly and
Anna Joey processes in there like lots
not charlie but Donald loads of
youtubers and like kind of interviewing
us about our lives and like how we saw
you two being and building our community
and our relationships our audience and
stuff so if you want to go see that
genuinely it's really good and I'm like
really happy and honored that they asked
them to be part of it again anyway so
I've got anything about that with
Guardian and then I am going home to
Mike and the dogs anyway I'm waffling
I'm gonna go I will chat to you later
once I've done my interviews I just
finished my two interviews and they went
really well they're actually really
different so one of them was like super
chassis and I got beat and then the
other one was quite serious so it was
kind of like throwing me like from one
thing to another a way I am now warming
up some soup I just had a bit of a
moment trying to get the hog working in
here cuz it's it's not what I'm used to
and I'm not you because we don't want
gas where I live full-time without gas
so gas cookers are a crazy crazy
invention for me and yeah I'm heating up
this delicious-looking me so I think the
heat might be a bit intense down there
all right oh no now it's just off oh
great oh great you see what I mean I'm
rubbish at this there we go there we go
that's a more gentle gas heat anyway
this is miso shitake mushroom broth and
it looks really really delicious and I'm
having in this bowl which I'm not gonna
lie it's abnormally large to have a bowl
of soup in however I've got that on like
a really small one so I figured this
will work better even if it looks
ridiculous
that is my lunch hey guys so I'm in the
car now it's gonna go
going into the car park Mike's just come
pick me up
hooray I'm very excited to see you do so
much for you walking up to the car like
so I have basically had the best news
ever
which I've kind of known half of for a
quite a while but I couldn't share it
with you all I and you guys will know by
now if you follow me on Twitter because
it's been on Twitter and now and this
will take a couple of days ago but I've
won an award
well actually I want to InStyle and I
announced this on Twitter as well one of
them was voted in style are having a
blogger Awards this year called Project
13 and to be honest it's the most
exciting blogger Awards that has
happened ever because we're actually
getting to collaborate with them and
work on something really cool which is
what my interview was for earlier that
couldn't tell you earlier but basically
there I think it there's like 13 winners
but then there's an extra reward
explored which is voted by you guys
I won it out of the whole internet
internet way we go empty like genuinely
I actually got a bit emotional huh thank
you is the first thing you didn't mind
getting now I'm just waffling okay so
basically I got a bit emotional earlier
and I may have had a little bit of a
tear in public whilst I was walking
through the train station because I was
just thinking about how fabulous it was
and and I might have been crying
but basically I
I had the worst day this is why I
started this vlog this explains why I
had worst day yesterday bad
don'tjust it wasn't so bad but it was I
just was had a rubbish day one of those
days and it's gone from bad to brilliant
I can't say like how appreciative I am
to win an award voted for by you but
then also the other awards I got was the
most the so that Ward voted by you guys
is most outstanding Internet
I think it's like Internet person person
or like most outstanding vlogger
basically which is I just there are no
words really not at all no words for
that Wow secondly second of all was best
get ready with me and that was voted for
by or not voted for but I put together
by the InStyle team installed genuinely
is one of my favorite magazines I really
rate their content and respect them as a
glossy Mac I think it's brilliant and so
to have that like double whammy of seal
of approval award nurse from both sides
of things is really quite amazing
and it just turned my last day that I
had yesterday upside down and turn it
into something really amazing and
fabulous turn the frown upside down and
then maybe cry but you know sometimes
yeah sometimes you got a cry when you're
happy
anyway I'm gonna eat my jalapeno chicken
wrap now which I thought was my rap from
doctors didn't get me an and O's
takeaway thanks so much
basically I just got the train that that
soup earlier was not enough and I ate it
at about twelve o'clock which is kind of
like breakfast because I hadn't had
breakfast so now I'm gonna eat this my
eating habits the last few days we're
not terrible like I've been eating here
there and everywhere like yesterday I
didn't eat basically anything until like
six o'clock and then scuffed my face
with passed her it's not good I wouldn't
recommend it guys
so anyway I'm gonna do this now which
Starbucks food sucks Starbucks if you
watch this I love it your drinks I love
you I just I go there along to be honest
but the food needs to valent of Russian
or not
the food needs improvement like
ingredients from locally so they baked
goods are actually good but they're like
savory stuff yeah the savory stuff is
generally average bi m√°t hungry but I
got it anyway and I'm going to eat it
now I'm talking absolute waffle and I'm
gonna go goodbye what happened to the
not picking her up not letting a bomb PE
coz I Oh leave me alone
Oh such a bestie
she had to be the last to get cut also
though yeah the other dogs got cut off
first because she's spoiled brat hmm
so as I never ever get posted I thought
when I've got something today I wonder
whether you can guess what I've got I've
got this can anybody guess what this is
ten points if you get what this is and
what it goes with what's this ten points
if you can guess what this is
what are you doing treacle is that a
present super exciting times guys one of
the boxes from the Topshop meetup I
believe this one was
in New York's just arrived and it has
many dog toys in it don't worry tricky
piglets doll and let me take the tag off
trinkle come here so happy
Oh guys you're very spoil I think
there's another one it's all that have
you seen this - oh you guys are monkeys
for my god guys I just opened this can't
decide whether to eat one or save them
until the kids are here because the kids
will go wild for these they're so cute
like they've got tails ah this is so
funny I love it uh miss piglet I lose it
you in my suitcase is this a you are
never ever ever going away again mummy I
refuse to let you leave have you seen
this Mike it's Halloween and you're not
going anywhere
Oh Petey boos so we've come over to mom
and dad and I'm watching The Goonies on
the big screen
with the kids before bedtime epic choice
in movie and we're just having the guest
the date of the movie game which Mike
and I geekly love and the Goonies is the
same age as Mike it was made in 1985 is
he old or the film old they're both old
there are some serious dance moves going
on right now
she's 11 eighties vibes you know there
are we back home mrs. piglet piglet
could you hear the wrong way around you
know mrs. bat ear I've missed you
terribly my little angel face she's such
a little snug Allah and squidge is here
too but I think she's ditching I like o
little one
should we say good night to everybody
we're gonna watch a movie
she's trying to escape because Mike is
giving treacle attention over there and
she's jealous you jealous
are you a jealous dog it's not a nice
straight piglet because she's like I'm
off pig it use the poofy silly dog one
feather teeth brush tonight we'll see
you guys in the morning
bye you lot
Bobo's you get good morning guys welcome
to my Wednesday I am still in Paris we
woke up early this morning and we're
coming for a little bit of an adventure
we're going to locate some breakfast
first it's a pretty miserable day I'm
not going to lie it's very grey it's
been raining overnight
