good morning guys welcome to my
Wednesday I am still in Paris we woke up
early this morning and we're coming for
a little bit of an adventure we're going
to locate some breakfast first it's a
pretty miserable day I'm not going to
lie it's very grey it's been raining
overnight kind of gutted that we didn't
have any time yesterday when the Sun was
out to explore but we're gonna walk down
to the river and see what we can see
having a little French breakfast with a
pan or chocolate and a coffee and an
orange juice actually fYI as well this
is proper orange juice and I needed it
this morning I'm still feeling a little
bit weird with the times difference but
Horus is gonna sort it all out so even
when it is gray and cloudy Paris is
still pretty epic we're just walking on
the river and seeing all the sights
we're just walking past the musee
d'orsay and i think we're gonna head up
and see the louvre and maybe get as far
as knocked around so i'll show you all
sights along the way even though it's
kind of miserable rainy still beautiful
come on the lovers bridge right now with
all the padlocks and we were just
talking about I reckon they clear them
every couple of years if you guys know
let me know in the comments like how
often they get rid of padlocks because I
heard a couple of times that like the
bridge gets so heavy they have to like
cut them off and throw them away so that
it doesn't collapse but and most of the
dates are like there's a lot of 2015
some 2013 can't see any older than that
so they must clear them like maybe every
two years the next stop on our very
rapid walking tour of Paris is the
Louvre and we actually don't have time
to go in because the Train is in like an
hour and a half so we're gonna start
walking back maybe up like through
instead of a long river so we see a few
different things but yes there is behind
there if you can see behind the arches
is this famous I don't even know what
it's called the triangle a big glass
triangle of the Louvre anyone know my
Paris knowledge is a limited kind of
loving that this statue is doing Pilates
naked in the middle of the park right
now to any of you do Pilates and do this
move where you have to put the bottom
leg like goes up to meet the top leg
it's really hard she's struggling right
there a little route back to the hotel
took this past Angelina and it would be
rude not to get a hot chocolate because
it might make the most
hot chocolate in the world it's actually
really really hot and they give you a
straw which I think it's kind of
dangerous well it's basically like in
the world they are in the occasion
basically no no there's the sweet
truckers so it's not Christmas dinner
but it's even better some kind of
delicious looking Christmas pass three
delicious tastiness oMG guys were here
Christmas in October is happening
hello Christmastime so I'm sitting here
next
I have such a hilarious evening hanging
out with Becky there were lots of other
really nice bugs there as well who
genuinely was just such a lovely group
of three from really really who
everybody gone with who was in the blog
a second ago rose from mixed gems kosher
was also there's really really sweet who
else was there
Holly Becky's sister was there and Gabby
from velvet goes and it was just it was
a really lovely evening with body shop
team super fun and else is hilarious you
guys think I'm going to watch elf the
musical I would probably recommend going
a little bit closer to it but it's
really amazing and it just
it was quite magical at the end but it's
got me super excited Christmas I wanted
to also show you guys what I got one day
before I left Paris which I forgot to
vlog Dance Theatre I did not forget to
get a fridge magma and this is probably
the trickiest one so far I'm loving it
my fridge magnet collection is growing
very nicely I've got some editing to do
now because I haven't actually uploaded
my vlogs in like two days because the
internet in Paris was so bad last night
you couldn't even stream anything let
alone upload anything it was like the
worst internet in the world and yes that
is what is happening we put my PJs on
and get editing and ring Mike because I
miss him a lot
finally streaming the first episode of
scream queens which I'm loving so far
it's hilarious very excited that I'm
actually managed to watch that we tried
to watch it last night and the internet
was so bad that we couldn't watch it I
also just had possibly the cutest
snapchat in the entire world from Mike
and Spike and Luka oh my god it was just
so cute it's actually a private once you
guys can't see it but it was probably
the cutest thing ever
and oh I miss them little kids ever and
what else has happened I mic wasn't
picking up his photo his phone was going
straight dance phone on sigh huh so
annoying how about him all day everyone
all speech it was like half 11 so I was
like texting him they like can you ring
me sometimes his phone is not very good
like goes straight to answerphone
even though he's got
signal and he'll that ring we show back
being like I am on my phone it's
definitely didn't ring but anyway so I
went on his snapchat and he is a person
while watching the new James Bond
without me and I'm not very impressed I
want to go and see it so I'm hoping it's
really good and he'll want to see it
again
so yeah oh my god I'm watching for on
demand right now to watch scream queens
and then it's less like 10 adverts
there's a lot of adverts cray-cray
anyway how's it for tonight guys I'm
gonna say good night and see you all
tomorrow good bye hey guys and welcome
to Paris I actually didn't thought
coming
