hey guys and welcome to Paris I actually
didn't thought coming here today because
the inside of the train was pretty
boring and it was really early and to be
honest I spent half of the journey face
down on the table of sleep because I was
so tired but I have arrived in Paris
I'm actually here just for 24 hours for
a meeting with Clarence talk about
blogging and how to work with bloggers
and youtubers and all that good stuff
which I love doing to be honest because
it's a little bit different from what I
normally do but it's also great just be
able to talk about the industry and
blogging and everything and yeah I love
it so that is what's happening today
it's a beautiful day in Paris we are
currently look at this beautiful
building it's amazing Oh autumn leaves
I'm loving it we're going to get some
lunch before the meeting and it looks
like we'll probably go into this base
that looks pretty good it's called the
for us to read yeah I'm so hungry you
know when you go slightly delirious so
homie how many went for a cheeky little
steak tartare when in Paris you've got
to do it and some chips trying to be
good oh you're gonna eat a few I say
that now blatantly gonna eat them all
just driving past the Eiffel Tower
thought about a vlog for you guys so
I've just come out of the panel slash
meeting slash presentation I didn't film
any anything in there because I wasn't
really allowed to but it went really
really well and my camera is kind of
freaking out because there's not very
much light in the car actually hang on
and maybe able to resolve that
tunne yeah it went really well it was
actually pretty intense because I had to
like introduce myself at the beginning
and like stand on stage be like hey this
is what I do and who I am and all of
that jazz and then they played like a
massive montage of my videos on the big
screen behind me which no matter how
often that happens I have to do that I
always find it is so embarrassing and
want to stick my fingers in my ears and
not listen to the sound of my voice
people think that goes away they're like
oh I don't I couldn't do you two because
I hate the sound of my voice I still
hate the sound of my voice you just kind
of have to force yourself to get used to
it it's still embarrassing when they
play it to like 150 people in a lecture
theatre honor like 15 foot screen you're
like but it went really well
and I'm now off to dinner in Paris I
think we're gonna try and go and get
some sushi and we actually just drove
along the river at night which I am
hoping the sound will be good I'm gonna
insert it here so you guys can check it
out look at Paris at night guys it's so
beautiful Eiffel Tower is all litter it
was kind of like a bit of a grab your
camera and stick it out the window type
situation so if the sound is not good it
will just be like to me talking here and
it looks beautiful so yeah it's kind of
a shame that it's dark when we came out
because I thought we were gonna get to
do a bit more sightseeing it's also just
started to rain which is not great as
you can see on the windscreen and the
back
yeah so we're gonna go and get some
dinner and I will update you from there
see you later I've just got back to my
hotel room and I was super lucky at this
event and Clarins really kindly gave me
don't do it all a little gift and I
thought you know what I'm gonna share it
with you guys and give it away to one of
you because I wouldn't get to do things
like this without you so why not so what
I'm gonna do is if you want to win this
i'ma show you what it is first it's my
first clarin set and it has moisturizer
a face wash and one of my favorite
products ever instant light natural lip
effect and longest name in the world but
one of the best products ever it has
like a mini version of that so if you
want to win that head over to Twitter
and tweet me just outflow divorce what
is your favorite city in the world and
why seeing as I'm in Paris which is one
of my favorite cities I don't think is
my actual favorite city I think my
favorite city in the world is probably
London and no I'm biased but I also do
love New York so yeah
between London and New York anyway what
is your favorite city and why head over
to Twitter and tweet me and also if you
use the hashtag FDF giveaway that would
also be very helpful in identifying the
entries it's gonna be open for two days
from when this video goes live I'll put
all the kind of additional information
in the info box below and yeah you can
enter from wherever in the world as well
I'll ship it to you from where I am in
the world which will be England tomorrow
so yes anyway we're gonna go and locate
some food now hopefully some sushi and I
will show you what I get for dinner I am
hungry
oMG guys we are at a restaurant called
misko
it's super cool in here look at the
umbrellas on the ceiling I kind of won
this in my house and we have a lot of
food going on we have salmon teriyaki
delicious-looking we haven't tried
anything yet
edamame we have some videos we have
spicy tuna though I think that might be
salmon I think they may have got me all
wrong and a sea bream roll a lot of food
back in my hotel room now and I'm just
taking my makeup off and you know it
just feels so good to take your makeup
off and I just I don't know I think it's
because I've been up for a long time
today and walking around the city and
stuff you'd feel really dirty apples
take it off yes I'm in my PJs now
actually wearing my girl power jumper
which i think is from Amy song who is
like song of style she's a blogger if
you guys watch her she has like her own
range of t-shirts and jumpers and I got
given this as a gift maybe a year ago
and I didn't know it was hers and then
I've like fall in love with it anyway
all the time that I found out was her
rain just that no way it's the softest
thing I've ever felt in my entire life
it's like softer than wild fox no joke
so yeah I don't know what I'm talking
about to be honest I'm just waffling on
I think I'm going to try and stream
scream queens that is such a tongue
twister stream scream it's because I've
been waiting to watch it so long I know
it came out in the States a few years
ago so if you're based in the US you
guys have like been through all that
hype already and I went through all that
hype on Twitter with you guys and then
couldn't watch it so yeah the first
episode aired tonight a new case we
wouldn't try to find it online and watch
that and then probably go to bed and
tomorrow is another day I don't know
what's happening outside the window
sure holder cuz there's a nice view for
you guys to see a nice Parisian Street
we had we do have oh hello
we have a little prism balcony but I
don't think there's much to see
apart from spikes of death what the hell
would open a window and I should have a
look they have like an T climbing spikes
is only on the first floor
that's pretty extreme well hopefully we
won't have any burglars trying to climb
up strange that it's there but then this
side doesn't have any the spikes of doom
and this is the street very snappy
dinner was so good that restaurants
actually really cool if you guys are in
Paris at any point in the near future I
definitely recommend go and check it out
if you like Japanese food
it's called misko like I said before and
it was really yummy so yeah I'm gonna go
to bed now and I'll see you guys in the
morning
for a little half a day in Paris I'm
actually going to my shop window now oh
there we go
I'm going to your theatre tomorrow night
to see elf the musical which I know is
really early uh-huh
but I think it's gonna get me into
Christmas spirit so I'm kind of excited
about that and yeah hopefully get to
explore a bit of Paris in the morning
because I think we have like maybe a
couple of hours in like free time from
in the morning before we have to head
back so yeah that's it tonight
see you tomorrow bye have my hands stuck
in the gun and I'm like fun bye guys
good morning guys
Monday's call for smoothie making green
smoothie on its way I am on a health
kick after America because we ate a lot
of bad food
