good morning guys Monday's call for
smoothie making green smoothie on its
way I am on a healthcare after America
because we ate a lot of bad food I've
just got released film video I'm
actually filming my October favorites
today and a his-and-hers haul with Mike
once he gets back from work which won't
be till this evening but I'm gonna try
and do the October favourites and then
do some editing because I've actually
got to edit my lookbook my film whilst I
was away but I wanted to do a quick
outfit today for you to see what you
think of this outfit because it's
actually a combination of a couple of
the outfits that I wore whilst I was on
tour but when I went into my Topshop
meter all of the personal stylist had
like styled the pieces that I'd chosen
together and I never thought actually
layer a shirt underneath this dress I
think it looks so clear it's almost like
a school uniform so it's basically this
black and white check shirt which has
like a velvet bow little bow
around the neck and then this leather
dress which is from the boutique Topshop
section super preppy what do you guys
think do you like it I'm kind of
obsessed with it like reminds me of look
like clueless and look a bit Wednesday
Addams kind of style I'm kind of liking
it anyway I'm gonna make a coffee I'm
feeling so spaced out I swear I haven't
been affected by jet like this badly and
while but there we go power through it
cap caffeinate myself through it and
yeah right after filming so I'm
currently rustling up a little bit of
lunch I'm gonna do a spinach and
mushroom scramble with 3x because I'm
really hungry because actually didn't
have any what I had smoothie for
breakfast didn't have any looks solid to
breakfast isn't it I'm starving it's
coming off as well
so that is what I'm doing and I will
show you it before I eat it it's gonna
be tasty I fried up a shallot in some
avocado oil and I throw in my mushrooms
that one piece of mushroom won't get up
there we go so I'm gonna crap in my
don't forget any shelling probably fail
then scramble the bus I'm gonna leave
the yokes hole so that they stay all
yummy and yogi tuck on the spinach so
that it will break the last egg and
leave it for a minute for the spinach
just to wilt down snare is my tasty
lunch scramble it looks kind of crazy
but it tastes yummy so I'm taking the
dog for a walk before heading off to the
station look how beautiful it is this
evening
we've got piglet on a lead because she
runs away and she's now being walked on
the lead at all times and tricky treat
on a lead because she can't run too fast
because she's still recovering from her
operation so these two are on a lead and
squidge is rather smugly running around
in the bushes danger zone now in the car
on my way to the station MDF is here in
usual driving position yeah I'm going to
the station tonight we've got a train
quite early tomorrow to go to Paris I'm
going to meet my friend Gareth for
dinner at a place called dirty bones
which I've been to a few times they've
got one in South Kensington they've just
opened up one or in kingly Court which
is just off Carnaby Street so I'm going
to that one tonight just some pull some
tasty snacks yes we're a little bit
while we're not late but they've shot
one of the roads which we normally take
take the train station so we are in a
little bit of a hurry which I hate I
hate that like anxiety that being late
for the train gives you it's like oh I'm
gonna be late but yeah hopefully we'll
make it but I will make it and then MDF
is off to circus tonight to pump some
iron and I'm jumping around
it was weird I find cable so I'm a jet
like going back
it's because your mealtimes or what
really get your body clock back in line
yeah my meal times are the moment life
I'm two hours early for every meal so I
like it 10 o'clock today I was banished
all the way he wanted lunch and like now
is five o'clock and like that's like two
hours before supper oh definitely yeah
it's weird
EMS is up everything jet lag does I feel
like some kind of I finished my whole
book last night I was asleep
I didn't get to sleep until the half bus
to Tokyo for reading with a light
humming it's so bad if you ever think of
a sleeping pill I did take one I got to
help us to and I was like because I was
trying not to take one so don't really
like taking them and I so really need to
and the book was really good and I was
awake so I was like what I might as well
just read Berk and then I finished the
book that was like right I better take
sleeping pill cause otherwise I'm not
gonna go to sleep so I made it to London
I actually just managed just in the nick
of time I managed to get when your video
up I'm really excited to see what you
guys think of it because it took a lot
of filming this is basically filmed over
the whole time that we were touring
States so it's exciting stuff I'm now on
my way to meet Cameron and get some tea
please now I just wanted to show you
what kingly court looks like because
it's so cute it's just off Carnaby
Street and it's like really hidden away
he wouldn't know it's here unless he
kind of knew it was here but it's super
cute there's less places to eat this is
where I'm going
and we are eating a feast or fried
chicken took so yummy this is naughty
exception from my very healthy otherwise
day what some salad so yummy just got
back to flat and I have uploaded my vlog
from yesterday and I am now trying to
scream the walking dead because the
third episode was on tonight but I
missed it because I was out on a joke of
a TV here so I am trying streaming I'm
in bed The Walking Dead is on I've got
my green tea on the go in my mug that
says I would rather be buying handbags
actually my right now I would rather be
watching and walking dead tomorrow over
rather than buying having facts and we
go to bed now I'll see you guys bright
and early in the morning off to gay
Paree I will tell you why tomorrow and
see you there cheers everyone
even this his goats magnet light key
good morning guys and welcome to what
would be the 24 of the blog Tober this
actually 25th because I skip today
yesterday because I was being really
lazy and had jet lag and was basically
just checking out all then
