good morning guys and welcome to what
would be the 24th of the blog tober
that's actually 25th because I skip
today yesterday because I was being
really lazy and had jetlag and was
basically just checking out all day and
did nothing of significance however
today is Sunday I'm just gonna vlog for
an extra day so that you guys have the
same amount of vlogs but we're gonna be
a day behind I feel terrible
I had a matter afternoon nap yesterday
and then I could not sleep last night I
was awake from 1:00 till 5:00 a.m. oh my
god I'm so tired it gots like 3:30 when
I turn on the light side reading and
then Mike Rene a rights drop even though
you and you woke up for like 10 minutes
sure that's what you've been telling it
is it is true I was trying to I was like
finally super stealth I'm impressed
oh my god I'm so tired I hate getting
like I normally I'm a bit better than
this and plan it out and stuff but I
feel terrible I feel really terrible I'm
so tired I'm in my gym gear so I'm
determined to go to gym I went yesterday
morning I felt very good about myself
and this morning we're starting off the
day with this Dada it is a mushroom and
spinach omelette which looks fantastic
courtesy of Jack who arrived yesterday
and had a thoroughly lazy day and is now
cooking omelette in the morning oh my
God look at this bacon it's so crispy I
might steal just a little bit off the
end of there like that by sorting that
I've half made have made seriously need
to shop not this morning
I'm currently redoing my gel nails cuz
they looked really bad when I got back
from the states and I've gone for bright
red which actually I'm not a massive fan
of but the other colors they have a like
neon pink and coral which are very
summery and you get some like like
wintery dark colors in jail because they
actually have like five gel polishes and
they're mostly pink and red my new shiny
nail mission is complete
and now going to read somewhere but
which actually started in the middle of
the night last night it's called only
ever yours by Louise O'Neill and I've
actually had this for ages ordering it
on Amazon probably like six months ago I
haven't started reading it and I'm
currently this far in as you can see
there's my little page marker and I'm
really really liking it so far it's kind
of interesting so I'll let you guys know
how that gets on having a thoroughly
lazy Sunday today it's a little bit
later now I've actually just been to see
my granny for a couple of hours and had
a chat with her so I haven't seen her
for a few weeks obviously because I've
been away and also my mum's away at the
moment so she normally sees my mom a lot
so I went to see her so yeah that's
Sunday and now I am compiling a list of
gifts for my Christmas gift guys
actually cannot believe it's this time
of year again where I have to do the
Christmas order where I do the Christmas
gift guys it's probably some of my
favorite videos to make because it
involves a lot of internet online
looking and shopping and buying stuff
and I also give everything away so it's
kind of like a big Christmas kind of
amazing gift giving to you guys so I'm
searching does anything you guys
recommend this year that you think is
awesome let me know and I'll check it
out but I've pretty much completed that
under 15-pound guide and I've halfway
done the girls guide but I've still got
all of the boys stuff to do so let me
know if you have any ideas
the boys have actually just gone out to
wait tries to get some food and
hopefully they're going to come back I'm
gonna eat something cuz I'm really
hungry it's currently quarter to 4:00 in
the afternoon and I am hungry the boys
are going crazy right now with their
Ribena dip dip and crisps and there's
some cooking going on I believe what is
on the menu tonight is naki green beans
you've got some mushrooms going on
totally in the pan we have chicken and
mushrooms and onions it's gonna be
spectacular apparently check this out
I want Jack to move in full time please
and cook all the time your incredibly
blurry right now but the food is not
blurry anna is looking amazeballs
so the clocks went back
which has one plus side gist that you
get an extra hour in bed however what I
always fail to take into consideration
we're getting really excited about this
is the cork wall I'm about to undertake
changing all of these one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
clocks back actually ten because that
one's broken here we go it's gonna take
me ages so I'm filming this on my iPhone
camera downstairs I'm now going to bed
and it's been a pretty boring day today
I'm sorry the vlog has been boring for
you guys we have literally been just
kind of recharging our batteries ready
for a new week tomorrow which is
actually now I think it's about midnight
now
but yeah I've got a busy week ahead of
me so I'm glad I've had it bit of late
downtime and just caught up on my sleep
and read my book and its really annoying
actually cuz I've got really into this
book now and then I know that I'll have
like not much time to read it this week
so I'm gonna see how far I get this is
how far I've gone today see yeah that's
gonna be it for tonight we have I'm
catching up on walking dead as well
tonight well I actually watched the
newest episode yesterday with Jack when
Mike wasn't here so we had to re-watch
it so the might was caught up and it's
so good there's a new one out tomorrow
night and I'm so excited
zombie madness I'll see you tomorrow
okay good morning everybody welcome to
the 22nd of October today is our final
day in America sad times but kind of
exciting because I'm really excited
scaring Smokies alright we are currently
on our way to a farewell breakfast
