good morning everybody welcome to the
22nd of October today is our final day
in America sad times but kind of
exciting because I'm really excited to
get my visa we are currently on our way
to a farewell breakfast for Phillips the
last time we're gonna see him in a while
so we're grabbing some breakfast we're
picking him up from his place first and
then going to the Castro with E which is
the center of like the gay community in
San Cisco so it's cool to go and see it
because I'm San Francisco is very well
known for having a predominant gay
community and being one of the most
liberal cities in the world which is
great so yeah that's what I go for
breakfast today and it's really pretty
kind of majestic looking digesting Oh
majestic look at the majestic mess off
we go this is where we're going for
breakfast school kitchen story and
apparently according to Philip there's
normally a queue around long well it was
breakfast right before everyone else's
this is insane ribeye an exit special
sauce and hot cake no it's gone
I went with the kind of a light option
it turns out the belly rancheros are
gonna give you a big belly
I want you one of these got some berries
on the side I think she's taking away so
we just popped in to pick up our bags
and we are now leaving San Francisco and
going to the airport it's such a
beautiful day again actually really
really liked staying in the Presidio
area instead of in Mike Smith instead of
in the center of town sits so beautiful
like look at all these gorgeous trees
behind this and it just what it smells
so good out here I don't know what it is
smells like proper sunshine and
greenness and lovely yeah so we're
heading to the airport now everything is
in the boot packed up some rubbish in
there as well from the other day but
yeah so I'll try and show you some views
of the city as we've got leaving but I
don't think we're gonna be we go down
because the airport is like south so
we're not going over the bridge which is
sad because it's so beautiful we were
just driving up and over the hill what's
the info and there is a viewpoint called
inspiration point so epic you can see
the city over on this side and then you
can see the bay you can see Alcatraz
right there you can see the Palace of
Fine Arts and then you can't quite see
the Golden Gate Bridge you can see all
the beautiful trees it's so gorgeous I
swear there's like not many places in
the world where this is like in like
pretty much the center of the city
you're like near voice' Central City
it's pretty incredible I love San
Francisco another epic San Francisco
view right here I love this city
coming down the hills is so far
you know like whoa this one isn't even
last eat but let's go
like what
we've made it back to England I'm
feeling pretty tired right now is taking
us ages to get home Mike's been driving
the traffic's been really bad it's like
Friday afternoon so the worst time to be
driving back from Heathrow because motor
is really really busy how bad has been
wouldn't you be okay I've been sleeping
- the puppies I'm oh god I'm so excited
to see them you made it home and we are
feeling decidedly snuggly right now
there's a cat on Mike's crotch awkward
and we have the sage the poser Pig hello
Piggly Wiggly and most magical and
amazing of all hello tricky truce hello
beautiful
Treecko is so much better she's actually
lying on her other side and I'll see you
guys might be off to sea but if you can
see on her back here she's shaven from
here all the way over to here so like
half of her whole body she's got her
stitches out and she's feeling
fantastical sorry to wake you out my
love so so happy to be reunited with you
because you're such a special bear and
everyone's been asking about you at the
book signing streaky throughs good girl
I also just got a special delivery from
these guys did any of you guys watch
this hosted food boys they are some of
my favourite guys on YouTube they're
actually really really nice as well but
they sent me this
snack pack so it's part of their big
night in series and they give you all
the ingredients to make a dish so
there's all the fresh stuffs in the
bottom too and this is mushroom and
spinach calzone II I think we're
actually gonna make this tomorrow not
tonight because jack is coming over and
the boys decided they want meat not a
vegetarian so typically I'm gonna save
it for tomorrow pop in the fridge but
isn't that so cool I think it's super
cool thank you assorted food boys I love
it so this little one wants to get in my
suitcase do you not want me to go away
again push would you like to come next
time
yeah you would you do monkey I actually
did not finish my epically long two-day
blog which has now turned into a three
day blog because I didn't finish it last
night because I pretty much slept for 24
hours I slept on the plane so that's in
the car so like when we got home and
then slept all night as well it was
brilliant so yeah this is gonna be the
end of the vlog with finally home piglet
is thoroughly enjoying rolling around in
my suitcase and I'll see you tomorrow
which is today goodbye morning everybody
and welcome to the 21st of October we're
in a diner getting some brunch because
we had a bit of a slow start this
morning stealing out watch your
dick I woke up for like 6 and put it all
Nursery
