good morning everybody and welcome to
the 21st of October we're in a diner
getting some brunch because we had a
pretty slow start this morning filling
out watch your today I woke up
for like six and that's pretty much
what's up with everything else that's
right I did fill it up you two no way
later than me I we went back to our and
I fell asleep on feeling a little babe
on to the weather too many salty Dawg
it's one part vodka but we had gin one
part elder flower nectar st. Sharma and
the rest
it's like elder flower nectar and the
rest grapefruit juice on ice we're both
on the rim yeah it didn't have any salt
on the revenue one and it was really
well done a slice of orange peel inside
that's why it was anyway it's a simple
we're getting similar egg it's actually
I think so yeah it's an egg and drink I
wouldn't know I got um that's going on
Mike got some eggs florentine PK went
Kreisler ago
we're now sitting on the porch enjoying
the chills atmosphere of the rocking
chair rocking out mics watching the Star
Wars trailer
who are you doing like you're meant to
be rocking this is like weirdly creepy
Rocky has a creepy so we've just been
doing a little bit of filming with the
view of the Golden Gate Bridge in the
background which you can see I'm just
going back because I forgot to vlog
you'll see it in my video in my lookbook
video but it's super epic and now we're
heading to afford some kind of area
we're gonna get some coffee this is the
marina and why is she doing the book
signing somewhere pretty nearby islands
of the streets back which is exciting
because it is the most beautiful day
services going today it's so you just
see the city over there so we've stopped
for a little pick-me-up on our walk we
walk like three miles to get here PK and
Mike have ice cream sandwiches these
look so directly into my mouth
Mike's eating his with a knife and fork
cuz he is weird and because I'm even
more weird
I've got a pickle plate with pickles
carrot okra and cucumbers and iced
coffee it's cool we're in a place called
the interval in Fort Mason
pick you I'm trying to like block the
wind of it because it's super super
windy but here's the Golden Gate Bridge
and if you're ready for the wind there's
oh look at this guy's some guy and his
car has all these toys on the dashboard
creepy murder car we've just walked to
PK's flat and I wanted to show you his
Lego collection because it is in sane oh
my god top shelf
hello and then this is my face is this
San Francisco when it comes this is so I
can't wait ah this is in Saint Peter you
must have spent way too much money on
Lego probably like it's very therapeutic
laughter look at all these dudes you
might kick me if I touch one try no come
on you touch one is a unicorn my
favorite look at this bushy purple tail
we've come up onto the roof and this is
an epic view so cool you can see all of
San Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge
now we're gonna sit out here with our
waters because we're crazy and have a
nice relaxing drink in the sunshine so
we've just been discussing the Golden
Gate Bridge and then planning the Apes
they go into the wood there's no word
they like Planet of the Apes they're
like we've come to Japan town to sample
the round
waiting in a place was it Susie that
looks very yummy and then I got the
spicy ramen which looks mega spicy even
came a new blog the more you want the
more you miss out on and the more we get
to it quick this is an interesting
section of the manga shop to buy massive
okay erotic manga and the men who make
it we're on our way to the book signing
we're behind the scenes in books in back
we have the many books back here we're
looking apparently this is the best book
ever according to pk I read this book in
long going at best book everywhere by
among friend friends Kim Philby and the
great betrayal by Ben MacIntyre we've
also been unpacking makeup for people in
the line we've just gotten back from a
really fun evening actually I had such a
good night the signing went really well
and then we just been out for a couple
of drinks with Philip and a few of his
friends from San Francisco who were
awesome I had the best night and yeah
we're back and going to bed and that's
pretty much it for tonight I've had the
best time on tour ever has been so fun
so big thank you to everyone who came
out because you guys are awesome and
everyone who's watching because you guys
are awesome do and I'm so excited
together I can see the puppies I can't
even tell you I'm gonna check in online
for our flight tomorrow now so that we
can sit next to each other fingers
crossed because there have been a couple
of flights on the tour where we've had
to sit separately which is fine for like
an hour or two but for 10 hours or
whatever it is home that's not cool so
that's what I'm going to do now and I'll
see you guys in the morning
bye good morning beautiful people and
welcome to the 21st know it's 2012 you
so bad at days whatevs anyway today we
are leaving Los Angeles as the Sat Nav
says
