good morning beautiful people and
welcome to the 21st 2012
I'm honestly so bad at days what ups
anyway today we are leaving Los Angeles
as the sat-nav says I love this set map
because it says things in a really
ridiculous way so it calls Santa Monica
Santa Monica it's an English that that
was well just towards Los Angeles it's
an English sat-nav so she speaks in an
English accent but she can't pronounce
any of the city names so it just makes
the object and it reminds me of being in
LA every time can we always bring this
at night even if I'm my own way I'm in
love with Becky Oliver after okay shush
left stay in the right thanks Anna yeah
so her little Santa Monica always
reminds me of being here so it's quite
funny anyway we're off to San Francisco
today whoo-hoo and we just had another
in car at first I take all right love
harsh a noisy we know you told us like
five times to keep that okay left Co
just had a Starbucks breakfast in the
car and we are now undertaking the
six-hour ride to San Fran
and that is all I think I'm saying now
San Francisco always remind me all think
the exact series the Armistice and I
come from the name of the series by used
to read them when I was younger
there's a giant American flag you know
you're in America when it makes me
really want to sing the team America
America yeah coming in tomorrow you can
just see it there yes
I don't swear in blogs Mike it's rude
honestly that
so yeah that's what's happening today
and I as I was saying for Mike so rudely
interrupted me I really want to reread
the babycakes that's what it was called
and it was set in San Francisco I really
want to reread it it was really good
that is all I am now going to put on
some funky tune each okay DJ oh my god
as well the Sat Nav just said the best
pronunciation of Sacramento I think
she's about to do it again so if you
guys can hear it which is like
Sacramento isn't take the freeway
Remender take the freeway so I'm not
gonna lie of a pretty rubbish DJ and
three tracks into my DJ which is
basically putting my iPod on shuffle
comes this bino album from no artist
this is what happens when you're at
YouTube or listen I basically don't need
to put a soundtrack to this video
because this is why use for my
soundtracks I would I buy them from like
it's like music style this is the
Christmas one year we're not in
Christmas yet we please DJ I'm just
getting festive it's nearly November
Mike is gutted right now because we just
remember flags I want to stop I want to
thank Flags it would have been stone
isn't even open and it was quite looks
when I see some roller coasters don't it
is like a random we tried to go there
before how the other day when there was
a massive queue in an hour we couldn't
go
turns out Bevin in and out halfway to
San Francisco and we are going to the
motherland yeah buddy
who's a happy boy so we're about four
hours into one trip for an hour out San
Francisco I've been nagging Mike to slow
down for the past four hours since we
started driving away and what just
happened we just got pulled over by the
police told ya but I told you slow down
face down
you better actually slow down probably
follow you and then pull you over again
and then arrest your ass throw you in
jail he's actually quite nice way away
like my concise I saw him but he was it
was miles away my honesty I been telling
Mike to hide out of my way
we're coming into San Francisco right
now we're gonna go over a bridge not
even Golden Gate Bridge but it's very
exciting I mean like we're just talking
about other times I've been to San
Francisco this is actually my fourth
time but we haven't been since we got
engaged better should go engage the day
after we left San Francisco the lodge so
it's very exciting place to come for us
act our friend pique or fill it with you
guys may have seen a box over the years
lives here with his lovely girlfriend
Kendra so we're excited to hang out with
them Mike hasn't met Canada either yet
so just meet my ceiling actually well I
got to hang out with her in April when I
was in LA for the challenges they like
drove down to come and hang out with me
and Becky is really nice so yeah this is
the view if it will adjust there we go
beautiful view I love San Francisco
only was swimming apparently apparently
we're going for a swim if you can see
that we're like in the middle of the
ocean here we go here's the bridge
coming over the bridge still pretty it's
not the Golden Gate Bridge that's
different
which
right next to the top man here we go you
might not see it if we go
can you see the very tippity-top of
their baby check this out guys we're in
the woods we're actually staying in the
Presidio which i think is like an old
army area we're staying in a place that
is actually a converted army barracks as
well which Phil recommend is super
excited there's a school bus this is
where exciting check it out to school
bus Spring Creek is so cute in hammock
all these houses they're amazing we've
just checked into our hotel
it's an old army brat Eric's like I said
but we've got this huge like suite which
we didn't upgrade or anything and I just
I think they just have big rooms here
but it's on the ground floor and the
windows go straight outside to the
street so we have to remember to close
the blinds tonight otherwise I might
leave embarrassing but this is our
living room
and then if you go through here there's
the bedroom so nice this is a nice hotel
we've stayed and I think more outside
and then this is the bathroom
I love these tiles super cool Kendra I
bet it's a perfect height for me oh
that's
we're gonna go get drinks we're gonna
get groans softly you said Sausalito
bridge to Sausalito are we ah well hello
there mr. Britt Charlie good day well
what more
it's a retool Briggs that money's there
in the middle of the road what does he
do is mellow in the bush not entirely
sure what the boys are playing some kind
of bowl this is why we're sitting right
now so beautiful and we just ordered a
picture of sangria
this is dangerous camera position
look at the movement who's like a wild
animal
huge why you always do toast to every
occasion almost i toast too much do you
have to tell me yeah so we're doing a
toast Cheers
look everyone in the eye Cheers
the traditional Dutch style we make eye
contact when the when the glass is touch
saying eye contact thank you guys for
coming
yeah
so this of my years yeah
the highlight of the year we're drinking
hot sake which refinement the sneaker
find of the refines the best sake I was
like one it's good when it's warm it's
good remember my birthday where we were
we when I made you the cake yeah sushi
cake cake it into two like like four
rolls and then like some nigiri that
look like sushi
it looks amazing it was the best thing
ever I'll send you a picture okay it was
good so I didn't explain before a place
called sushi ran in Sausalito
we have edamame she CJ peppers which are
my favorite and we also have some big
eye tuna sashimi we have a few other oh
I don't even know what this is called a
front roll but it was amazing I've
managed to convince Mike to try and pick
up ginger for the first time ever is a
shot
we're gonna try it I'm happy it's too
much like I can't believe actually doing
this it tastes good don't be scared
oh my god
something pickled you actually like
funny I think my note is time to say
good night good night I wear my
sunglasses again okay in the car
Bank Sausalito we had a brilliant night
about this super jet-lagged coming from
New York
anyway now flow is absolutely past as
usual
flora when you see this video do not cut
it from the cut
stop editing I had superior vlog
abilities stop cutting me out of the cut
put me in the edit contact hey guys and
welcome to the 19th of October I
actually thought I would start my vlog
on the balcony today however it's
actually really really bright so I'm
kind of squinting but this is my view
that I'm waking up to this morning
in Santa Monica I say this morning it's
actually not
