hey guys and welcome to the 19th of
October I actually thought I would start
my vlog on the balcony today however
it's actually really really bright so
I'm kind of squinting but this is my
view that I'm waking up to this morning
in Santa Monica I say this morning it's
actually not this morning because I
haven't actually started my blog yet
it's bout 3 p.m. to be honest the reason
why I didn't was because we've actually
we woke up a bit later than normal I
think we woke up about 8 a.m. this
morning which considering the last few
days I'm going to say here to talk to
you considering the last few days is
actually kind of a lie-in and I was just
really really exhausted so it was so
nice to just chill out this morning and
have that then I actually had an
interview for Justine magazine which is
like a teen magazine in the US then we
grabbed a quick lunch and then I've just
filmed a video with Dulce candy if you
know who Dulce candy is that's awesome
but if you don't she's another youtuber
that does beauty and I've watched her
videos since before I even started it
was actually really cool we've met a
couple of times before but it was really
cool to actually film videos together
and I didn't vlog it because it was all
quite quick and I don't know I just I
don't know I don't know why I haven't
blogged yesterday I just feel like I've
been a bit of a zombie and just not I
don't know I've just been I've been a
naughty vlogger I'm sorry but I'm gonna
vlog now Mike and Mike what are you
doing I'm stretching my IT band because
I have knee issues stretching his IT
band wow look at that ass been in the
gym Mike went in the gym when we were
filming because he didn't want to be in
the way but yeah now we are going to do
a little bit of shopping in Santa Monica
yeah and then we're going over doing
with Tati and James tonight which I'm
actually really excited about because
haven't seen them in ages she's been
like a friend really like this has been
a friend reuniting we've seen Nicki and
Dan yeah hardy and James Lana and Luther
last night yeah good good good stuff
it's like the trip of double-date so
let's go and explore you know what
they've also opened in Santa Monica
recently Yogurtland it wouldn't be a
trip to America with you
Yogurtland it wouldn't be a trip to
America with Mike without your girl and
so maybe we should make a little stop
there we have dinner like 7:00
have a little one just a little from
anyone I just got called into the
dressing room of MBA thank you ladies
this is the mic that I used to know who
used to get very excited about shopping
every time you come up with you he
doesn't we black once again every time
he comes to America he gets really
overexcited tries thing I thought
visually yes like I was that wait take
jumper off I want to see the show no
strippers trip
I like the jumper really over excited
and happy when he shocks so cute and the
shirt I like you I think you look very
handsome
oh sure yeah someone a bit overexcited
so you've got two things you want yeah
what else is going on I've got they're
all so different they're all black
burgundy green black like that nice you
try that on yet so much of you I've got
a naughty one what's that Burberry my
this is the boy that tells me off for
shopping and I'm not sure Roy looks
quite cheap to be honest with you yeah
by can like that alternative okay always
got more and more and more millions of
black and burgundy things a little pile
going on right here
naughty MDF this is what happened to the
last person that came shopping with Mike
it was so boring look at that for a
service
that is pretty athletic all right now
he'll make for you turns that's it that
is a beautiful sunset wowzer but we are
now in a restaurant of the church P in
West Hollywood and I found
we have been catching up for the last
like five minutes yeah we basically just
sat down and went like for the last five
minutes
but now oh sorry James is here as well I
do like they've been talking about guy
stuff you know on the other side the
table totally not talking there's a
divide here
then enough anyway league playing we're
playing with makeup because tarses just
thought to make up lines the first time
I've seen it and I'm Way over excited so
we're lighting them up with a candle
because it's so dark in this restaurant
it's a little tiny they are
there's lip stuff and I stuff and I'm
very overexcited my clams have just
arrived and they came with donut sticks
this is the weirdest / coolest thing
ever they're like chili clams with donut
sticks artis salad is made out of
Brussels sprouts Ashley looks like a
normal salad secretly made of sprout MDF
is looking rather smug about him his
meal right now and I'm not sharing
coming to cook so I go bro
Romney so according to tarsi and James
the doughnuts here really good and
they're so good that we had to have
three portions between us this is insane
insane you can never have to you know
look at them is this is this milkshake
yes oh my god doughnuts now in the car
on our way back to our hotel that's a
lot of light and yeah it was so noisy
tossing James I miss them so much
they're such lovely lovely people and
good friends we've had a nice time
actually in LA last couple of days
seeing people and catching up yeah I'm
so happy as hit her makeup line looks
amazing what were you saying I was just
saying that we were just chatted before
how easy it would be to slip into like
Ellie look moving moving to LA would be
amazing
it's definitely lie I think it's because
I spend a lot of time here as well there
it's like we know our way around and
who's here these are quite chills but at
the same time didn't possibly enough
yeah it's not enough it's definitely our
lifestyle like I think that to visit a
tourist he looks much better but to live
I mean living in LA would be really fun
yeah it's not happening don't get any
ideas
I would love to have done it one day
today maybe if we like you know we win
the lottery I would definitely go place
here I spend a lot of time here yeah so
we're going back now to go to bed maybe
or something did I never finished my
vlog last night because we got back put
on walking down and I watched about five
minutes before passing out but today is
another day and we're off to San
Francisco are you gonna put flowers in
your hair Mike wasn't planning on doing
that I think it would look rather silly
yeah that's for today see you tomorrow
which is today bye
morning everyone Sam so I
it's the 18th of October oh my god I
didn't realize those voices before we
just landed in LA baby
