good morning everyone Sam so it's the
18th of October probably God I didn't
realize those voices before we've just
landed in LA baby beautiful weather
we're back in the sunshine we had to
leave New York at 5:00 a.m. this morning
and I've just been on a flight for six
hours I slept so I feel okay Mike did
not know we currently have like two and
a half hours until my meet up as you can
tell I have no makeup on and my hair is
a mess and I have a hoodie on and we are
still at the airport so we're gonna go
and get ready really quick and head
straight to the Meetup holy moly there's
a plane landing really low look at their
plan hole
so yeah that's probably good we are
going by in and out however to get some
food because we ate breakfast on the
plane at 8:00 a.m. New York time with is
that it's 5:00 a.m. you and LA time and
it's now lunch time that we are really
hungry right there in and out baby we
are coming for you we are coming to eat
all your in and out a good news is this
yeah Mike's been way too excited about
getting in an acid-like three years
three years since you got engaged to see
her before I do I had one with Becky
where where we once we were we love each
other we definitely had one but yeah so
that is what's happening and we're gonna
go check into the hotel actually staying
in Santa Monica because that's where the
meetup is today
and say by the beach baby yeah say by
the beach then skills you know each
they'll get away hey say what they gonna
say oh this is bold telling you to don't
leave the shop but there was a line of
about five thousand people for in and
out so we didn't end up stopping so
worried that we know gessica traffic and
not bring the meat up on time so heading
to Santa Monica now I'm gonna get some
food when we get there yes I'm feeling
very hungry Mike is hangry and it's
generally there's some banks going on in
the car and he's telling me off for
vlogging as my hands in the way so we
finally got some food in the hotel I
have a chicken and all good stuff Sun is
out
it smells really not be as well in time
semana Curtis is by the ocean if you get
that like holiday smell and it makes me
super happy and there's a palm tree so
we've arrived we have a room today I
feel like my hair is totally dropped out
in human to see check this out everyone
who's had an event here before has like
a little thing on the wall he won't find
it in his lines to line up no one's in
here they're all out and we even have a
I mean what would this even be called a
pedestal a pulpit a podium and there
wasn't mic but we're moving it because
I'm not gonna be doing anything else I
thought you'd you know how you know you
can do it reading if you want Michael
Jordan reading no and why can I pack in
our hotel room now the signing went
really well especially really chilled
like the vibe of having a room separate
to the shop was super chilled out
actually really nice and we then
wandered along the beach in Santa Monica
some pictures I didn't actually blog I
feel so tired I think it's finally
starting to catch up with us a little
bit all the traveling but we're now
sitting in our hotel room watching The
Walking Dead tada
this is what I heard our room looks like
we're staying in a place called the
Delfina meridian Delfina even in Santa
Monica it's quite nice I'm sitting in
this relation ugly chair I'm liking it
and yeah we're about to go out for
dinner where's with me we're about to
cop dinner with my friend Lana and her
boyfriend Luthor it might might smack
learn about how she hasn't met a
boyfriend she hasn't oh my god I'd like
my brain is frazzled Oh Mike has met
Lana but he hasn't met Lucy yet so we're
going out for dinner
in about half an hour and gonna get some
food and then we're gonna sleep I feel
like a zombie but not this kind of
zombie we've come out to dinner in a
place and we have a lot of fish going on
Mike Scott groans they live spectacular
Anna beer the only person drinking semen
in shame on you to be drinker I've got
some cheeky little clams which look
really good actually
clams in America always bigger than
clams in Europe and it's great there's
more in Europe they're even smaller than
this but also these that look small you
know when you get a huge one when you
have them raw like with always just a
huge
anyway yeah god knows how they get to
obey all right steaming mussels what so
and then someone does fish and then we
got some vegetables to make us feel
slightly better about being really
unhealthy for two weeks so we just go
back to my hotel room and I'm kind of
like half changed I just feel my shell
bottoms on that's my fish on top and I'm
gonna take my makeup off we had such a
nice evening just to hang out with our
friends it's really nice to see Lucy and
Lana when we're here because I think
I've explained to you guys like how I
met them before basically me and Luther
met at like a conference in can that we
were both speaking at and then it turned
out Lana does beauty videos and we ended
up meeting in getting on really well so
it's kind of like an unconventional
YouTube meeting it wasn't like we all
watch each other's videos and like met
through that it was more like on a
professional side of things so yeah
they're just a really really cool couple
I like really like them if you guys
don't know most of the videos are in
Spanish so if you don't speak Spanish
you might not be able to understand them
I can't understand most of them but Lana
does have a an English Channel so I'll
link them below anyway if you guys speak
Spanish definitely go and check them out
because they are super super nice couple
and yeah that's gonna be it for today
I'm gonna pass out and we're maybe you
know what Walking Dead probably fall
asleep whilst watching it I am really
really starting to feel the effects of a
full week of traveling and just being
super busy I'm tired
Mike's about the flosses teeth look at
him this is okay men might kind of fight
about this is a night show everybody how
much floss you use before you wrap it
around your finger like the length of
floss that might use is this is this is
too much floss do you guys agree like
what is he doing
so basically my waist around his finger
okay so if you've got a better technique
please let me know but my issue is is
because if I don't have enough Inger's
wrap on fingers if I don't have enough
and it basically get it doesn't quite
I'd like basically moves so your thing
ends up disappearing here for the bit of
light okay so basically he can wrap it
around his finger like three or four
times not fifty times like he's doing
now what a waste
anyway I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
good bye good bye good bye good morning
everyone and welcome to the 70 have a
nice trip did a big jump on it so
there's I have a breakfast um welcome to
the 17th of October today it is pretty
fresh in
