good morning everyone and welcome to the
70 have a nice trip did a big jump in it
so does I have a breakfast on welcome to
the 17th of October today it is prickly
fresh in New York it's actually quite
nice consider being cold weather so I'm
feeling so ultimately our Airbnb
apartment is hotter than the Sun the
heating is on and yeah it's a beautiful
day it's one of those these are my
favorite kind of days where it's cold
but crisp and still blue skies blue
skies we are walking to breakfast in
that the West Village that is what it
looks like right now part of the name
the place are going to be but it was
recommended we're gonna get some snacks
tasty looking breakfast in town this is
poached eggs I'm gonna go this ready
poached eggs with tomatoes pesto manis
halloumi and some bread mdf Scott some
boiled eggs or they they're just too big
and they have the cutest sugar in here
look they have a very haughty and wait
for it I love you a latte ah taking a
little walk to Chelsea Market or
sometimes kill
Coffee we're just walking through the
fairy lights aren't on they've kissed
everything out for Halloween so there's
like scary stuff hanging from the
ceilings my favorite so we're packing it
in this morning and we're now walking
along the High Line in the sunshine it's
actually really cold but beautifully
sunny and getting some good views and
then I'm gonna go and get my hair
blow-dried so that I don't have to style
it myself which I'm super excited about
we walked past a driver I was like OMG
that would be amazing I really don't
want to do my hair this morning so I
just got my hair done and it was oh it's
so shiny and you I love getting a
blow-dry it really actually feels like
you have new hair it's amazing we're now
rushing back to the apartment to get
change really quickly and then head to
beautycon so I arrived the music on and
I'm currently in the like backstage new
bar area that's actually above everyone
there are a lot of people here
I think it's maybe refunded
she may be talking but she's on a big
screen
right now we are on our way to meet up
needs all the line it's so hectic
apparently we have meetups at the same
time as a lot of people including Weston
II so I feel like me and Nikki I'm like
two people
it'll be fun like here's like everybody
crazy
it's
around here as well
this is Beck's backstage from behind the
meter this looks like it make you feel
of my picture from like five years yeah
I love it
I just haven't changed - won't be the
same age but like okay you know but I
mean I do - now - the hair laying that's
like I feel like you're a little
chameleon to take this every time I need
you have to be careful about what you
say cuz I might be that like oh don't go
to the time alone and then she changed
she said it was hard to like to see me
like she we were actually like oh thank
you then she is telling chameleon so I
am now totally bundled up because it is
getting cold out there Mike is ahead
anyone run because he's crazy like
actually Matt I'm going to a meeting now
might seem to take over the vlog and
take you guys for a run because he's
going to see the Ghostbuster totally if
I actually fire the Ghostbusters fire
station yeah it's so cold in this Cobra
I think it's called an announcement have
fun on your own so I made it I basically
done yeah super cool
so rad so glad I can't see this where's
the holding the door sweet so I'm not
sure you guys just saw an ER it's just
hit New York we're going to a place
called New York
trying to get what I'm saying right now
I'm sorry inception but as if we
frontier mics over there chilling out
this is Bella who's beautiful and we are
eating some incredible food right now I
don't even know what this is it looks
delicious
this is like some kind of bad allergy
that they've set on fire they have
ceviche roll right now I'm drinking a
golden gimlet which is great
like a double date kind of situation we
have a s'mores computer right now it
looks ridiculous look at its melty
goodness so we just got back from dinner
and I am feeling super sleepy I've just
score up which off all of my makeup bats
brush my hair and go to bed we have to
be up at 5:00 in the morning to go to
the airport tomorrow
not really computed at considering it's
1 a.m. right now so that leaves us four
hours sleep better go see you tomorrow
feeling and probably looking rendus
night
hey guys so I just sat down hello I've
just sat down in there but where she
what days it's a Sunday so early and we
just sat down to edit day
