good morning guys day we are in downtown
Dallas here it is in all its epic 80's
glory it does look like we set back in
time doesn't it work that's why I love
about Dallas that architecture was just
so 80s awesome
we're actually bit early for the shoot
so we're going to get a coffee and
something to eat because otherwise I may
pass out actually not going up live we
thought it was going to go on good day
Dallas today but it's actually being
pretty fun than going on like early next
week I think so yeah that is what's
happening let's go and find some not we
just got out of filming with the good
day Dallas team they were all so nice
the whole crew was so friendly Mike was
like making bezzie mate sort of
everybody it was really fun it went
really well especially for he recorded
so easy
really good we're now on our way back to
the motel bags check it out and check
into the other hotel and then there's
more but we're now sitting and when
favorite mall is out that I've been to a
few times before in North Park
themselves it is beautiful spring one of
the most peaceful malls actually in
stateside other than should they have
liked our installations around and stuff
we stopped for a coffee I actually got a
cold brewed coffee which I've never had
before but they're meant to be
they have like hugely reduced amount and
I get quite a sensitive stomach after
drinking coffee so so like it could
probably could be good for me as usual
and is currently looking up how to go to
the fast and loud place what's it called
gas monkey
garage garage some he wants to go there
we talked about this last night I think
once get up there that's my time maybe I
will track you around everywhere guess
where we're going after this Kate Spade
pushes just keep getting better
well are you rapping we're now in a shop
that my mum actually discovered when I
came here with her earlier in the year
it's called perch it's the most
incredible home shop and I know it seems
ridiculous to look at home stuff when
you're in a different country but this
place is just amazing for inspiration
like look at this kitchen counter it's
so cool like with the wood sticking out
and they have beautiful things like this
nice sofas is basically getting
inspiration for when we redo the studio
in London because at the moment it still
has nothing in it and it leaves
decorating and we're doing like
renovating it basically so I love this
shop look even capsicum what they
actually worked that's cool
they were at Kona grill and we ordered
that angry edamame we're doing really
come swimming in spicy chili oil yes
we may have gone a little sushi
cray-cray you're one yeah so we're
having a party successful shopping trip
so far and we're now in anthropology
looking at beautiful things which is
pretty much the same in the UK anyway
but I still like to look because they
still so cute things it's nice check
this out guys it's like there's a
fashion show in the middle of the mall
and I think they're actually all vintage
as well so this is Stephen burrows from
1971 they're all vintage pieces this one
is my favorite which is thelo westerman
spring/summer 15 cutter and look at this
sparkly number which is Oscar de la
Renta from 2006 beautiful vintage -
doesn't say it's beautiful though it's
look it's a art meets fashion 1965 to
2005 technically I don't need any
advancement issues I think you have to
be over 50 years to be vintage but it's
like pre vintage still interesting Mike
so next look at the pumpkin patch they
have so many cool sour arrangements in
this mall so we're currently taking a
little break from shopping in the park
bit and rid of them all this is honestly
the coolest mall ever it's about 95
degrees today is that right Mike yeah
it's really warm so I was sitting
outside and having a little drink I've
got a frozen Bellini which is really
delicious and if you don't know what the
Lanier's it's basically champagne and
peach puree frozen is even better and
mike has just made his own Shandy which
if you don't know what Shandy is it's an
English thing it's basically a quarter
beer and 3/4 lemonade however they
brought my cloudy lemonade like proper
sour american is it good
it's not good oh yeah it's not fizzy
maybe for that other 3/4 of the beer you
can get normal lemonade just keep yeah
more berry lemony beer so we're
currently walking to the signing but
there's one problem with walking in
Texas Texas definitely was not made for
walking anywhere we have been in the
North Park Center which behind me and I
think so it's crossed across the street
I think they have crossings which is a
good thing because sometimes in these
big American cities they don't have
crossings because the roads are so
ginormous it's like crossing the m1
motorway but yeah hopefully I think we
can cross over there where that car is
and then do it and might have made a
cheeky little purchase so to save my
footsies Oh
80s kick loving them I'm think I'm going
to change them for the signing if I was
in New York I think I'll keep them on
cuz I feel like it's quite a New York
vibe like trainers and a dress but
Dallas I think they like to glam it up a
bit so I'm gonna put my heels on but I
didn't want to cross the crazy Jo
negress Road with heels on that was
silly
so yeah it's so hot half past six and
it's scorching and I'm loving it it's
like going back in time to summer it's
gonna be really cold when we get home
this whole sunny thing here we go again
we're walking out sparse and Noble and
look what I've spotted next door there's
a yogurt land and we go oMG MDF I think
we're a bit late we can get one after so
the signing was awesome any it was
probably the busiest one so far and the
staff was so lovely again honestly all
of their staff at Barnes & Noble
have just been so awesome and fun to
hang out with they've actually
recommended us to come to this
restaurant
basically like just down the road from
them it's called blue Messer it's a
Mexican place there's literally nobody
else in here right now because it's like
10 o'clock at night and they're about to
close but they've let us sit down we
have a whole lot of salsa going on right
now
I just devoured a whole bowl of this and
he brought us two more my favorite thing
ever
and obviously foods arrived
I got a mixed seafood grill and shilada
thingamabob me with salmon and there's
crab in there shrimp this one got steak
and chicken fajitas this one is running
out of wraps so his resort is putting
about ten pieces of meat into his one
meter it still thunders now struggling
big portion welcome to Texas
we're checked into our hotel room I'm
about to take all my makeup off and go
to bed in the biggest bed in the world
this is officially like a lot me human
oh my god in the world that's gonna be
up today see you all tomorrow going on
another flight yes we are ladies good
morning guys and welcome to the 14th of
October today on our second day in
Nashville healthy french toast and I had
