good morning guys and welcome to the
14th of October today healthy French
toast and I had autumn vegetable hash
which actually looks really good it's
got like kale and mushrooms and
butternut squash and eggs
super yummy so we are back on Broadway
we came back to have a look in the
daytime because we weren't here very
long tonight
we're now rich who's super nice and I
wanted to take the pictures on the
bridge yeah we're trying to think of
what else we can cram into today this is
so funny the tree looks like it's so
cute and tuck like in the daytime it's
like you can see all the buildings
properly so we made it to the bridge
we're now in the middle chilling out in
the glorious sunshine here is our view
of Nashville right now but Batman
building what apparently as others like
to call it it doesn't look about money
from this angle but it does from from it
also looks like the Eye of Sauron a
knight is it like lights up and it has
like a like the AT&T sign in the middle
looks like the eye anyway we're gonna go
and take some outfit videos now and then
have a little my Omega maybe go for a
little shop a little shot
never so we've now come to the green
hills area of Nashville which is just
outside the main city because I heard
that it's a nice place and there's good
shops and it's we're actually in a
little outside mall now and it's so cute
such a nice day to we're just having fun
wandering around and window shopping and
feeling really really full from that
giant negress breakfast
we just stopped reduced I got kale apple
and cucumber and it tastes so good we
found this really cool shop called the
cosmetic market and look at these
candles if I don't cover up the screen
with everything I have in my hands
they're called lob cam
and they are presumably made in
Nashville because they're all named
after different areas of Nashville and
they smell so good I really want to get
one I don't know if I have enough space
in my luggage there or not wait in my
lovey anything you know who does have
weight in is lucky I was sensible me
well it's a you shop precisely just one
candle I also found a microphone today
lemon I also found these notebooks which
are seven dollars and I think they're so
cute
and they have like really cool stuff
inside so I'm getting this one for a
gift and then the ones that the pigs
might fly on it for me although I do
like this one too but I feel like it's
New York and I'm buying it in Nashville
should I get that one no this is gift
now in there already
am i kissing down to a small snack just
a small giant bowl of matches guess what
guys they have a hole tips with merch
stand in here
so we've arrived in Dallas we had an
interesting journey here from the
airport we had the craziest taxi driver
ever thought I was gonna get murdered
but we've now arrived the Holiday Inn
mics very impressed yeah we basically
had to book this last minute because we
were meant to be only staying here for
one night I'm actually going on good day
Dallas in the morning which if you guys
aren't based in the States is basically
like their equivalent of like a regional
GMTV or this morning GMTV doesn't even
exist anymore it's this morning Mike
just put those words in my mouth it's
like this morning but like for Dallas
anyway so I'm going on yeah like an
morning Brent but yeah so yeah I'm going
on that tomorrow morning so we have to
fly in tonight instead of staying in
Nashville for another night so we're in
like a last-minute hotel we've just
ordered an uber to go to Walgreens
because they changed the segment
last-minute as well that I'm gonna be
doing and I'm now talking about Holy
Grail drugstore and like drugstore
beautiful beauty in general but I only
have like a select number of things with
me and a lot of them a UK only drugs
tool so I have to go to the drugstore to
buy backups of my drugs to all kind of
favorite products that you can get over
here the uber is here that's good so
we've come out of a school 10 years and
what
the most hilarious journey over here we
got over was crazy like actually crazy
stories including my personal favorite
in London but we made we made and we
actually went to Walgreens as well
before everything we needed I didn't
actually log in there absolutely so
overwhelmed and stressed out by the fact
this guy was actually currently have a
spicy margarita because let's face it I
think I need to he was mad
the talisman Crazy Taxi type family
photography the grumpy one anyways about
hopefully it's one on the way back will
be a cool so I'm posting the vlog ten
seconds because basically a people we've
been having these Yorkshire pudding the
first currently just doing a little bit
of emailing Yorkshire pudding yeah yeah
warm your pudding about it's good that's
what this sugar this moods gravy it's
really not butter I was gonna say like
this is good but if you gave me like a
charm for any what is now even worse
there's very sensitive left heads alone
yes tasty super tasty I may have been
double-parked so I've now got one Bella
it's a good Yorkshire they can do
themselves proud all the history so it's
not gonna hole in the middle to a gravy
in these gravy this tasted Oh huh yeah
my seven Tufts gonna be a big what did
you go again
Charlotte come on so the food has
arrived I got this wedge salad which
actually looks really really good and
this clam chowder which I've already
tasted it tastes incredible because in
the list yeah so your wedge of lettuce
and then my teeth it looks amazing in
other news I also found this in
Walgreens this pumpkin spiced gum let's
see what life
smells good kind of like a castle
very sweet and more importantly and yoga
take it out where we are
Michael just figured out we are gas
monkey garage which is fast and loud TV
show on discovery in the UK which I
watch it out 16 15 billion times a day
so it's kind of one of my favorites and
my brother-in-law we're gonna go that
tomorrow actually investigate to see
yeah they did have a gas monkey bar on
girl diners were stevia time got
anywhere else
Mike has just been having a fight with
the air conditioning unit in his pants
trying to turn it off yeah because it is
so loud like louder than the frickin
plane that's taking off outside the
world I've just taken my makeup off so
Mike's gonna end the vlog tonight you
say what have you got to say about
Dallas so far Dallas has been
interesting we had a normal louver
driver though bliss and the food was
epic Penny's grill yeah it's amazing he
cooked my mistake he many himself he
himself I hope he did COO to perfection
because it was epic it was a good
recommendation online and hopefully
found on time out you know hopefully
tomorrow's gas Monkey Bar and Grill is
gonna be amazing
and hopefully the Hoover drivers won't
be insane hopefully see you tomorrow
goodbye for my crazy place hey guys good
morning we are on the road again today
we are currently in Chicago Airport on
route 2 and Nashville which I'm super
super excited about we have to stop
breakfast in Starbucks in the airport
and because
I decided to get
