hey guys good morning we are on the road
again today we are currently in Chicago
Airport on route 2 and Nashville which
I'm super super excited about we have to
stop breakfast in Starbucks in the
airport and because I'm weird I decided
to get like veg and ranch dressing you
know how I roll I'm waiting for coffee
are they our coffees I think so I think
I'll go yet so we've arrived in
Nashville we actually couldn't check
into our hotel yet because it's still
only like midday so we're coming for
some lunch we're actually going to
pancake country which has been
recommended by so many people as many we
like super famous in Hillsboro and this
is where we are right now it's okay I'm
way way way over excited to be in
Nashville we were flying in and it was
the most beautiful view I'll insert like
a clip here so you guys can see but
honestly I was like wow Nashville is
amazing and everyone's accents are
amazing it's just I'm just I think I met
what do they fear anyway oh my goodness
guys I got sugar and spice pancakes this
is one this is for one person I'm gonna
see how far against this I think
probably two in Mike's got an omelet I
think this may well to Phoebe Mike also
has three pancakes I didn't quite defeat
the pancakes but I tried pretty hard I
ate them from the inside out basically
and I've defeated me on ice defeated the
omelet you still have three pancakes
blends to go Mike I actually can't
believe this right now
MDF is defeated I'm not pushing you
defeated it come on two more mouthfuls
this sign outside this shop just made me
laugh guys check it out you checked in
to our hotel room which is cool I don't
know if I said earlier we're staying in
a hotel called the hutton which i think
is fairly new but this is our hotel room
I'm just about to get ready for the
meetup do my hair and makeup I'm gonna
go and take some photos next to a mural
that I've seen online that looks super
cool so Mike's actually gonna go for a
run in the gym check camera so if I find
it we just add so many pancakes I can't
even believe it but yeah and then this
is the bathroom which I actually haven't
been into yet here it is looks quite
nice too this is pretty intense dark
like marble granite stuff whatever it is
nice looking shower smells very bathroom
eats and yeah I'm doing my hair and
makeup and then we're gonna get going it
feels really surreal to be here really
bizarre this is of you can see downtown
Nashville it's actually a lot smaller
than I thought it would be I thought
there would be a lot more high-rise
buildings there's only really a few but
there's a lot of cranes I think there's
a lot of building going on and yeah this
is our view it's a really really nice
day so we're now in an uber on our way
to an area called 12 south which I
always recommend is to go and check out
and there is also like I said earlier a
mural and all that I want to get picture
on off and next to and just generally go
and see that area as well maybe we get
coffee
that'll pick me up for the signing not
so nervous today because I feel like
yesterday went so well I'm just really
really excited
yeah the Sun is still out it is a
glorious day so we found it look at it
so cool says I believe in Nashville and
we've just taken a lot of pictures and
filmed by it really awkwardly there's
like construction going on here and all
the guys keep coming out and like
looking at this like what are you doing
go and have a wander around area music
stores and stuff and there's a really
cool bar we can place there so we might
go get a drink before the signing and
just have a little mosey we've just seen
this shot and I don't think you guys
will struggle to know why I wanted to go
in here look at the stars in the window
officially in love with the shop it's
like the coolest shop in the world look
at this it looks amazing
the cure for glory food yes that was
actually the coolest shop ever and I
brought this bracelet which I know is
kind of cheesy but I feel like it's
subtle enough that I'm actually gonna
wear it and it will be the best memento
of Nashville ever check out my new
nashville bracelet i'm such a cheese
monger but i love it
we're going into this insanely cute shop
like it's like a little house we've now
wandered across a pumpkin patch which
they must have these some places in
england but i have never seen one this
is the cutest thing ever
we're now sitting out by the street with
a drink I actually got a cheeky little
cocktail that's basically gin and tonic
but with ginger ale it sounds really
delicious and it tastes delicious what
might go to beer and this is our
who works for the US publisher she's
actually been with us the last day and a
half but she hasn't been involved
because I didn't ask her yet she wants a
envelope so my way to find it really - I
see - um she's been like a secret behind
the camera third wheel has been
happening at every meal for the last
like three meals so yeah we are heading
off to the signing in a minute we're
just gonna drink drink and then we're in
the uber glamorous backstage of Barnes &
Noble and we actually have some gifts
for everybody waiting in line we have
some makeup we've been bringing this for
everyone
well so far was what yesterday in
Chicago we have it for every signing so
I'm super excited we're about to go out
and I'm really nervous again we did it
it was so much fun I loved it I feel
like my throat it's totally horse right
now and I'm so hungry so we're gonna go
hunt down some amazing food and some
music and just be really Nashville Ian
isn't that really in a word I don't know
like we're just making the most out
being in Nashville for at one night so
we are now on the Nashville strip as it
were in downtown we're gonna go get some
food it's so like neon whitey and Vegas
like I love it and there's a lot of sign
saying boots we're just walking past
this place and it smells so good I can't
even tell you
pure sugar bad bad news we tried to go
to like some asbestos barbecue place on
like the national threat it was it just
blows so we get into Michael's artillery
we erase it really highly on TripAdvisor
yell for and we are now waiting for hot
chicken because we got told by a lot of
people type hot chicken it's the hot
thing to have it though you gotta have
no chicken
so we bought a watch again I also have
some sweet tea because we're in the
south parents say going to sleep very
sweet Mike's got a low clear amber ale
which we like very very much right now
experiencing all the local thing here is
my hot chicken that I was really good
and got it on the salad but the salad
actually looks pretty covered in ranch
dressing so I'm pretty happy about that
I'm gonna steal some of this white got
hot chicken with mac and cheese
let's see really really yummy so I am
still in better she didn't finish I
sound so quickly I just realized that
haven't spoken yet this morning I didn't
finish my vlog last night because I was
so tired we got an uber back to the
hotel and I literally fell into bed I
did wipe my makeup off with a face wipe
before which I'm very glad about but I
was just so exhausted and my feet are
absolutely killing me because we've just
been doing so much walking and kind of
seeing everything but I had such a good
night last night it's currently 10:00 to
7:00 and I've been editing my new videos
both last night's one and then I'm a PG
one that's going up today as well so
Mike's asleep next to me is really
annoyed that I have like very mic yeah
that's gonna be able today and see you
later bye I was here tomorrow good
morning guys welcome to our second day
in Chicago we woke up at about 6:30 this
morning and have been moseying around of
an edit angels work now we're gonna go
get some breakfast before I probably get
ready as you can tell I have like major
no makeup and moisturizer face going on
right now
