good morning guys welcome to our second
day in Chicago we woke up at about 6:30
this morning and have been moving around
of and editing this work now we're gonna
go get some breakfast before I properly
get ready as you can tell I have like
major no makeup and moisturizer face
going on right now but yeah we're gonna
get food and then coming up ready and
then go and explore good morning good
one breakfast is here I got the seven
grain porridge with cherries on top
right got homes in the car eggs with
sausage yeah yummy so we've come to
Millennium pox actually just started
before starting to rain you know when
you feel like a couple of drops Oh to
film another outfit
video and to show my cloud gate cuz I
sort of lost you when I came but it's so
awesome I think Mike's really really
gonna like it so yes today's weather
it's very odd it's like muggy and it's
gonna rain pull it I don't want it to
ruin it spitting so trippy right now can
you spot me and like anywhere so we've
got the shots we needed it took us a
little while our dress there are so many
people here we're trying to get cool
shots without their zombie 5,000 in the
background we're now heading to workers
we've been watching too much walking
that apparently season six as tonight we
were only at the beginning of season
four so I feel like we're very very far
behind but yeah it is like it's mega
mega busy at our gate today but it still
looks cool look at it now we're actually
headed back to the hotel just to change
because I'm wearing this outfit and too
much of demeter
later this afternoon and it's really
muggy and I've got these shoes on which
are high and they squish your toes so
we're gonna go get change there go get
some food
and then just chilling in with your wild
today I'm feeling wild now I'm in a
really good mood now we finally got a
shot I was like oh man they just need to
be slightly different and then we'd get
a good one and those is gormless guy in
the background literally facing Mike
taking a picture I was like oh my God
look what I found Mike's favorite word
ever you like something crazy is
happening and they're actually sharing
his lunch we have lobster popcorn which
sounds interesting but some spicy tuna
rolls and a crab cake suggest something
I thought we were done with one this
arrives and we're like oh we didn't
order this apparently it's on the house
trying to be good what are they trying
to do to us what are they trying to do
actually looks really good
Kiel okay when in America eat the pie
she's headed back to the hotel and I
realized that lighting is crazy
and I just have done my makeup and
filmed a makeup tutorial now the
lighting is intense and got ready to go
out to the book signing we're actually
meeting the PR girl from my publisher
downstairs two minutes ago so I better
get going I'm really nervous because
it's like the first one I just don't
really know what to expect I haven't
even seen a hard copy of the book yet
the American Book so it's exactly the
same but it has a different cover and I
haven't seen the cover yet it's a lot
cheesier can I just say as well the
front cover of the American one has a
big picture of me on it
it's a lot cheesy well that smells nice
it's a Tom Ford it is Tom what you smell
good you're like it does smell good if
anyone's looking for a good man's
fragrance
yeah this is my outfit this neat peek
while I put on Instagram so I feel like
it's not very sneaky or peaky my bag is
like having a moment can you close it
I like one-handed there we go there we
go yeah this is my outfit of the evening
it's quite dark so you can't really see
you may go closer I'll be good
yeah I'm gonna do it I'm gonna put it in
now
look book anyway see you guys will see
let's go have I got everything
oh we sorted I'm like oh so this is
pretty crazy there's a balloon this is
the first time I've ever seen the
American cover of my book this is so
weird
I've obviously seen it but it's the
first point of hell they're in my hands
it's different to the UK one it's really
weird it's exactly the same inside but
it has all that informal words inside
there yeah they didn't mic and you're
not allowed to sign any books tonight
okay
so cool I wish you get dragged in to
take shots at bitterest I hate it all
the time because I'm just so bad at it i
circle to meet all these guys in this
hall guys down here as well yeah so much
done already I think she's gonna be fun
so this is what third as blessed is
actually meeting people hey guys so I'm
in the back of the cab right now we just
finished the signing and it was really
good people came and everyone was super
friendly and the staff were the nicest
it was such a fun event I'm super
excited now I was really nervous I
always get really nervous about the
first like meetup or signing that I do
if it's the series because I think I
just I don't know who's gonna show up or
what it's gonna be like but it went so
well I'm super excited for the rest of
them now and Mike had his own little
queue going on did you not invite I look
over and he's like surrounded by a
circle of women I love it sort of funny
but yeah we're on our way back
we're on our way back into the city now
because the signing was actually in a
place called Skokie and yeah so it's
about 45 minutes from the center of
Chicago so on our way back probably
gonna get a little snack before though
maybe a lil enthusiast see where the
night takes us look how beautiful
Chicago is at night it's so sparkly so
like this is not really a great view but
it is it is sparkly out there I promise
we're coming for dinner and a place
called guilt bar it's really nice in
here and I have this which is octopus
with chickpeas I think especially hummus
underneath as well but it looks
delicious it's charred octopus risotto
risotto risotto
back in the hotel room right now
and is packing up all my stuff tada
there's my suitcase getting ready to
head to Nashville first thing tomorrow
morning I'm super excited I had the best
night honestly I was so worried about
everything I don't know why I just I
always get nervous about signings and
stuff but it was so fun and everyone was
super cool and friendly and it was just
really fun and we just went out for a
lovely dinner and I am ready to pass out
I'm gonna take my makeup off and call it
a day I'll see you guys in the morning
we're gonna be up super early because
our flight isn't anyone but yeah see you
tomorrow bye today is the 11th of
October and Mike and I are in the air
hissing are very early flights to
Chicago for the first book signing which
is tomorrow I can't actually believe it
