hey guys word today is the 11th of
October and Mike and I are in the
airport is missing our very early
flights to Chicago for the first book
signing which is tomorrow I can't
actually believe it I'm walking to the
gate now
and that's probably it I mean I feel
like today's vlog is just gonna be a
whole lot better plane boy can we just
read you're walking out there today
skill
my boys when they study
probably of me
take it easy
- the giant leopard scarf yeah so I
think I think so it's gonna be quite a
long one but I managed to get quite a
good seat I hope I think we're like in
an exit row for some reason Mike
sporting class says priority access he's
kind of a big deal basically in our
seats under a flat back relax enjoy your
flight to Chicago
thanks she managed the bags and running
quiet flight
we've got a lot of legroom it's not even
an exit row it's just like look at that
are you happy just likes really tall
he's like music
al is now ours it's a short top it's my
favorite time playing food time look at
the anemic looking on there I don't know
why enough came through so much I think
this is Mike Carp compartmentalised
we've got some omelet and a sausage
danish pastry tasty ambient reduce
wonders
movies
ten hours of this
we've arrived in Chicago while she is in
a cab and in the true form that they
insist on the radio obviously
so it turns out we flew into Chicago on
the day of the Chicago Marathon and the
taxi driver could only get us so far so
we're having to walk with our bags here
it is
we like came straight out to the math
and I think this is that the straggle en
because there's a lot of walkins so yeah
we have our bags we're going to take
down people try not to take out people
we're gonna wear them over and then try
it a cab on the other side of the
runners so we've just got to our hotel
and checks and I wanted to do a quick
room talk because this hotel is really
cool
it's a virgin hotel which I've never
stayed in a virgin hotel before and I'm
not trying to be British but this is
cool this is the bathroom you've never
seen like the lung I do I always say in
the London Eye no I don't I just don't
want to leave home yeah this is the
bathroom it's all like it's like the
Wardrobe in the bathroom together so
sync is here I love the design I think
they're just they must have just redone
it cuz there's an old building it looks
like we have a really good hair dryer as
well another thing and then they have a
little dressing table there toilet in
here which is separate and then the
shower is just like here it's so cool in
old school it's like a proper full-on
dressing room shower in there and then
this is the bedroom and it's so cute
I really like it like they have a little
smoke fridge this is danger zone I've
never seen so many snacks attached to a
minibar okay we've got Twinkies Mike's
know how to Twinkie my hopes of making
me one they're so precise especially not
telling on the go that's not only last
Mike a love of intimacy kit dodgy
champagne bears Altoids Oreo Snickers
whatever that is peanuts
they've got fig bars they've got peanut
butter cups mmm
Kit Kats your they've got swedish fish
M&Ms
whisper kind bars else soft eating
licorice potato chips
popcorns what is that freeze-dried ice
cream oh my god however much this is
it's gonna be ridiculous I'm gonna try
it
I already tried ice cream what the
actual hell Oh drinks water and loads of
drinks basically with even more drinks
bottle of click no click click click oh
and the whole the wall is like carpeted
look at the pockets on the wall it's
like an aeroplane yeah we're like that's
not gonna age very well is it
but look cool now it's new super cool
and then outside of our window we have
Chicago baby under I'm gonna eat this
freeze-dried ice cream and I'm not
careful to pop any more
check you out that's my way it's just a
really long spouted
I'm actually gonna eat some fries right
now what I want to know is how it's not
really cold it's just it's like kind of
all focus
it's all smashed up
that's like I feel like I feel freshest
today you know me in the beginning so
it's like let's get one done today we're
gonna go find some food first because
otherwise I might eat my own face and I
also say that today have been a day
I know because of the marathon
everyone's in gym gear and it is a
beautiful day in Chicago baby
your first experience of Chicago Mike
how are you finding it what should hug
you you liking it it's kind of like a
quiet New York isn't it it's really
weird it's like a Sunday after the
marathon look how quiet the street south
it's totally chilled then we've come for
hot lunch
they said I actually came to last night
with him with my friend Lawrence with GT
fish and oyster Alex had a few oysters
because
try it right Mike advantage Mike for a
burger which actually amazing this
pickle is mine
and I got two sliders which are fried
oysters with kimchi yeah currently
filming my little outfit video segment
and I'm making my way across to this
corner and Mike is sitting there filming
or getting ready to film look at him
he's such a pro he's like the best
assistant ever but yeah hopefully it'll
look okay the lighting is gorgeous and
so beautiful and sunny today I think
we're getting some good shots and I'm
really hot in this jumper as well by the
way I did not think Chicago would be
quite this warm
I think MDF is feeling spendy because we
just came into Neiman Marcus because
it's got a conditioning I'm sweating it
out really bad it's hot and I was like
yeah I probably won't buy anything cause
it's super spending it might looks like
well I might buy something let's go to
the Boyd's store so that's what are we
going yeah MDF has found the Jack Black
section you do realize this is Jack
Black
the mixes please jump who's Jack Black
Kickapoo oh my god I was quite worried
about like mike is walking to the mecca
of j.crew his favorite shop I haven't
told him yet that I think this might be
ladies only
but let's roll with it someone may have
made some cuckoo purchases in j.crew did
away me got the basics sorted oh my
goodness me and Mike have just been in
the gym we only did half an hour but now
I did half an hour cardio Mike just like
a mixture but oh my goodness I now feel
zonked we have 45 minutes till dinner so
we're gonna have a shower then go for
dinner and then go to bed I'm so tired
by the time we get to sleep we're not
for 24 hours and by the rest we bought
the fights so we're heading out for
dinner now actually have no makeup on
which is pretty unheard of for me to go
out there that makeup on but I basically
just gave myself a little facial in
shower because planes are not good for
your skin so this lighting is coarse a
horrendously unflattering look and the
earth looks ghoulish - yeah we're
actually heading out to basically nment
which I went to last time I was in
Chicago
and here is dinner I got the biggest
muscles in the world might got some
salmon which looks really tasty cooked
salmon is average in my opinion but this
this looks pretty amazing when you go
got some chips and some zucchini and
mushrooms which looks delicious I'm so
hungry
so we're back at the hotel ready to go
to bed Mike specially in bed you just
got an appendix like I've been waiting
for this since 4:30 this morning
I'm so tired I literally cannot go in to
go to sleep and I think that is all if
what if I heard during the night if you
snore you are getting a kick in the
teeth no waking me no snoring no yeah
that is it for today guys we'll see you
in the morning for the first sorry thing
it's actually tomorrow night the first
signing so we'll see you tomorrow bye
hey squeeze come on in morning guys good
morning guys and welcome to my last
