please tweet come on in morning guys
good morning guys and welcome to my last
day at home before we head off as you
can see my eyes really swollen slightly
worried about this not that it's gonna
be anything major but just that it's
gonna get bigger and bigger one will
look really silly so I'm currently
making some hot salt water to bathe in
and hopefully the swelling will go down
I think it's just a little infection
like a sty um I don't know what like I
haven't had one in a long time I don't
really know cuz it's like right in the
corner I don't know why
hopefully I'll clear yourself up here we
go I've got some boiled salt water and
some cotton pads I'm gonna dip it in
wait for it to cool off a minute
otherwise I'll burn my eyeball off and
then pop it on and be that and hope that
the swelling goes down I don't look like
a crazy puffy eye lady so I've now got
my clothes on or no makeup on I'm not
doing makeup today because my eye I
think it looks better though having put
that salt compress on it it was really
swallow this morning it was like MDF
Saren is starry are you what I'm going
to get my hair done basically I'm not
properly getting my hair done I'm just
getting a toner it's gonna bit warm at
the roots so I'm just getting it toned
down
have fun toning I will mini me yeah and
then I'm gonna eat my egg this is the
before on the hair let's see what it
looks like you see what I mean it's just
a bit ready here because I went darker
at the roots and it's kind of faded out
and gone a little bit warm
let's do this and they're playing
Footloose on the radio I wanna watch
this film again so about now so here is
my after hair I actually feel silly
because now I've got no makeup on and a
red eye and really nice hair
but yeah they've just taken that like
redness out of the roots so now it's
dark out the roots
and not read so yeah very happy that
that got some curls in as well all
dressed up nowhere to go no makeup on I
have to run a couple of errands now I've
got to get some dollars out which I went
to the bank and the bank was shut I
cannot understand how in this day and
age banks aren't open on a Saturday past
midday like they didn't even use to open
on a Saturday at all by him that's crazy
like if you're working all the time in
the week how are you gonna get to the
bank and go and sort your banking stuff
out so I couldn't get any dollars out
the bank I'm gonna have to go to the
post office on the way home I also need
to do a little doggie errand as well and
get them some new leads because after
last night I've been saying this for a
long time that piglet needs to be walked
on the lead and I usually walk her on an
extendable lead but we are now walking
her on a lead all the time until she is
better trained and also Mike's sister is
house-sitting for the next few weeks for
us so we had a bit of a pull over about
where to leave the dogs and what was
happening but she actually offered
yesterday to come and house it for the
whole time which is amazing so they're
all staying at home and we need to get
them leads cuz I see treacle once she
comes out is going to need to be already
piglets gonna need to be on the lead and
then yeah probably switched to because I
mean the others will get she's not so
yeah I'm gonna get leads and dollars
dolla dolla dolla bills and that is all
for now which color do you think treacle
would like so many this one's quite key
just got back and there's some drama in
the doggy camp where's the chair gone
guys was it been replaced with an actual
dog bed not an actual dog bed Oh guys
how are you ever gonna survive without
your chair
basically the chairs gone because once
treacle comes back she's not allowed to
jump on and off chairs and piglet
although she has a person when he
jumping off chair Lila so we've moved
the chair and Mike's clean the kitchen
bollocks in it so I just filmed a video
for the beauty recommended channel which
is a project I worked on master if you
guys haven't seen it and yeah I just had
to re-film something so put some makeup
on now now my face matches my hair and
I'm currently downloading I'm just
finished doing that currently
downloading six episodes of The Walking
Dead to watch on the plane to Chicago
however I'm not sure that's enough
it's a 10-hour flight so maybe I should
download season 4 as well what do you
think I also I'm secretly downloading
something on Mike's iPad because he said
to me earlier
oh I'm downloading some films if you
want any just make sure you download
them or tell me so what I'm gonna do is
go on here and type in age of Adaline
which is one of my favorite films and we
saw it in the cinema but it's super
girly I think he's gonna tell me off you
know any no rent only when Tommy by SD
but I want to get the actual hard copy
no we're not that you're not oh no I
heard there's no space not like that you
are mean if you guys have seen age of
Adaline let's know what you think that I
think it's really good
fine I'll just watch the walking dead
without you and you can watch something
did you download Bronson yes
oh I downloaded what's still downloading
too much hold on light emitted so down
little frogs and and dress it oh the new
one yeah I'm just amazing the other one
I shot downloaded pal was a scuffle you
inhibit enhance the flinch mm-hmm the
wall let's beat you all the time of man
visa was mad max that's why I haven't oh
yeah that's good to see Weber watches
your film that's cuz my films are
generally good yours suck whatever
Trevor but wanted to show you what mics
just this up because it is a familiar
sight from a long time ago
this is the giant cage that we bought
when you were a puppy squidge and we put
it back up because Treecko is gonna have
to sleep in it away from the other
folks when she comes home she should be
coming home tomorrow it looks so sad and
solitary poor tricky I just did at home
gels for the first time in ages and I'm
pretty happy with them they look good
I did my fingers and I suppose I just
thought when we're on tour it's gonna be
a fact like repainting my nails and
stuff so does that thing goodbye to
these guys for two whole weeks
Oh guys I'm gonna miss you pig doesn't
care she was scratching her back thanks
Pig so we've left the doggies it was
really sad it's always really sad
leaving them and then we walk out the
door they like stand up they like what
you actually leave me but I think that
have a good time with this is done yeah
she's like got everything she's so
organized it's really funny so Mike's
been telling her like all of their
little routine that she's like justing
it down but if this happens do I do this
and what so they're in good hands but I
want them to come with us I wish I wish
Doakes it go on transatlantic flights
can you imagine well they can they
discover them yeah that has to gel in
the whole hole but you know in on
internal flights in America they can go
in like with you on the plane did you
imagine you have to have a special pass
for them but yeah it's only certain
weight of dogma thing but little dogs a
peg leg would be able to come with you
on a plane how cool is that if she
doesn't like it that's less than us I
think she might freak out
she minority meet one thing no they
would know it as would be the noise
because everybody really loud you know
I'm already looking forward to
the plain food oh yeah
but the plain foods coming first we're
actually on our way to Jack's house now
to get a takeaway and see him Philippe
we have seen him in a couple of weeks
there's like ages I was texting this
morning Jack we haven't seen you in ages
this is a bumpy road but yes that's what
I don't know so we are at Jack's house
now and the man himself is over there by
the fridge which can I just put in
something out of our Jack's fridge this
makes me laugh every time I come here
yep
they kid men this is this is my this is
my dad right heaven oh my god wait hang
on there's something more interesting is
that yes that is me playing a pirate
clearly clearly an eyepatch
take your brother that's my little
brother I know success I've never met
Jack's father ever with its women I
think he's making it up anyway we have
got Chinese and I have to say it is
looking it delightful I don't know what
this is I think it's like sweet and sour
chicken yeah Szechuan bronzed crispy
shredded beef beef and black bean or
that looks strong and simple noodles and
the all-important
prawn crackers so naughty Saturday night
we are going crazy
can't stop us the crazy kids so we've
just checked into a super luxurious
swanky hotel room and Heathrow I may
have had a little nap in the car and
woke up to Mike driving like a maniac
every like 15 minutes I'm like slow down
and they go back to sleep
slow down they go back to sleep but I
vanishing it went wrong from yesterday
edited I'm gonna try and upload
overnight and then do make it live in
the morning and then do like schedule
today's vlog for tomorrow but when
you're on a long-haul flight it like
messes everything up because you lose so
much time yeah so that is what's
happening probably gonna go to bed now
because to be fair I'm quite pooped and
we've got to be up super duper early
tomorrow who booked a flight at this
city our moi I did and I thought I
brought you to that like 10:30 I should
work to some that you can fail so we'll
see you guys bright and
early in the morning I am excited for
playing food because I am weird I think
I'm one of few people who like playing
food like I don't just like it I
actively get excited about eating plain
food it's a good job we've got six
lights in the next twelve days cuz I'm
gonna eat all of my explain food see you
tomorrow guys Wow
morning guys it's Friday Friday Friday
Friday which means we have been in the
gym this morning I didn't actually vlog
before because I woke up like oh god I
don't want to wake up at 6:30 I'm so
tired yeah and now we've been
