morning guys it's Friday Friday Friday
Friday which means we have been in the
gym this morning I didn't actually blog
before because I woke up like yeah and
now we've been to the gym and now I'm
just looking rough and sweaty and we are
making some eggs
we again this is scrambled eggs mics dig
and we've got a bit of toast as well
today I have quite a busy day I'm going
to film a video this morning and then go
to London for a couple of exciting
things this evening so I better get
cracking and drink my tea eat my eggs
and then I can get started with day I've
got a fish on my mug and this is Mike
smoked just to show you actually this is
meant to be my mug because the story
behind these fish mugs basically when we
got engaged Mike and I call each other
fish I don't know why like most people
are like oh baby tiger because we start
to come to the bed but then your brother
and his wife turn that the people each
other bear so like this is really stupid
we're gonna have fish okay that's why so
when we got engaged my best friend
Lizzie actually got two mugs for us this
is the first one focus camera which is
for me because it's multicolored pink in
yellow and blue and purple fish and then
I've swapped it out I took a sip out of
Mike's tea and then Mike got this one
which is a more manly fish true story
oh good morning little waggly tail good
morning do you miss your buddy
do you miss whining she's coming home
tomorrow I think she is oh here comes
trouble
I can hear those little pauses hello
baby
say good morning say good morning
everyone
knocked over by the dog
look at these two wanting cuddles yeah
buddy here's my breakfast I really ate
some of my toes because I was hungry
okay can I just point out something yeah
actually not ruining my breakfast for
once you're having it as it is made and
intended by the chef well done
we've had a bit of an update on treacle
and it's a bit worse than we thought she
hasn't it's not bad but she hasn't
recovered quite as quickly as they
wanted and I don't think she's gonna be
able to come home until Sunday Monday
now Mike and I have to leave on Sunday
morning at like 5:00 in the morning so
it's put a little bit of a spanner in
the works I left me feeling a bit
stressed because we're now not sure
whether or not Michael be able to come
depending on how well she is and if we
want to leave her with family as opposed
to having Mike here to look after her
straight after she comes out so a bit
stressed about it to be honest because
if he doesn't come I've got then I'm
gonna try and change the name on all the
flights my mum's actually meant to go on
holiday next week but has said that
she's gonna cancel that and come with me
if she can it's just I don't really know
what to do to be honest so yeah we're
currently trying to work out whether or
not she'll be well enough to actually be
looked after by somebody else and that
if we want to leave that responsibility
with anyone and if any of our family
like are willing to kind of take her as
well because it's just the worst timing
everyone else's away so it's a bit of a
night most be honest and it's very rare
that I get like really kind of stressed
out and in a flap about stuff but I feel
like I'm in a bit of a flap right now
and I'm currently starting to try and
pack as well which is a crazy crazy I
don't know I'm just like touching my
chest they're crazy times and I will go
to London in like two hours so I need to
sort stuff out as many of you filming a
video this morning I think I'm gonna try
and film it when I'm in Chicago because
you know when you just I don't know if
filming if any of you guys film your own
YouTube videos you'll know you have to
be like in a certain mood to film and I
just feel really like whoo right now so
I don't think it would be a very good
video if I do it now so yes I'm about to
head off to London and I want to show
you guys my eye makeup cuz I've never
done a double flick eyeline in four and
I actually really like it my eyes still
a bit sore I did not like having makeup
on it today but I'm actually going
somewhere where I'm being filmed so I
didn't want to not have made one
and MDF here is off to the vets each
week or once indeed and you never gets
here we are going to see it you might
have seen it tomorrow and if we end up
going away and you do come then we won't
say before we go so you need to see it
I'm probably not that means I'm not
gonna sit for you you might defend it
tomorrow for war south was he so I've
just got to the station I'm asking on
the train I just said goodbye to my
family I went at my mom's and drop some
stuff off and the kids arrived in London
now she stopped by the studio and picked
up all those stuff which I now have on
my shoulder that I forgot to bring with
me back the other day
and that I want to take to America and
I'm now heading in for a super exciting
meeting with InStyle magazine I can't
see what it is about yet but
it's gonna be really cool so I'm really
excited about that see you I guess
so I am actually allowed to tell you
something I'm filming a very special
little video with InStyle and I'm
currently in the fashion cupboard and
it's like a dream come true look at this
so many handbags and I'm gonna be doing
a kind of haul from the fashion covered
sadly I don't get to keep anything but
we can pretend for like half an hour a
bit later now and I'm currently on my
way to a Nestle order breast cancer
awareness event with Laura hopefully
we're not too late a little bit late I
feel like it's one of those like drinks
parties so droppin by I'm feeling a
little bit late and down with bags right
now because it picks up way too much
stuff from the flat earlier and yeah
it's time for drink
Friday night probably finally how cool
is this guys there's real grass on the
floor it's really with our company we
spend you once before when I say
Elizabeth Hurley's just arrived
good evening ladies thank you very very
much for coming here tonight joining us
look at this beautiful bar guys so nice
I just got home and very bizarrely as I
was pulling around roundabouts I saw my
brother's car from me so I rang him up
and I was like what are you doing he
said Oh your dog has gone missing for
the past four hours I'm going to help
find it
Mike and Ashley talking your dog has
gone missing
so basically Mike took piglet for a walk
at what six six o'clock she did a runner
I got him a half ten and just as I
pulled up into the driveway they found
her
so basically I missed the hunt but she's
okay
she's looking pretty smug look at her
smug piglet where've you been
mmm dirty dog but the man of the hour I
have to say is Dan because he found said
beeping dog and now she's back
and I'm cooking Oh Mike's cooking some
pasta at 11 o'clock because cheating
bastard because of the beeping dog I
will not be Bobby don't she's like haha
sucks to be you and this one had
basically the long because she's
exhausted she's like oh my god I've been
on a five out what to do guys
I think treacle needs to be back in in
the situation to calm everything down
and keep you two in check this night
came really going anywhere so you
couldn't like what is that what is the
piece of plastic
disaster zone can stay present it's now
midnight smack just actually came over
for a cup of tea and Mike and I are on
the sofa cuddling with the puppies
including this one who's actually in the
bad books because she's a bad dog and
she knows it
I am so tired now today's in one of
those days that has just flown past and
it's left me feeling a bit sleepy and
I'm really tired I've got a busy day
tomorrow as well so we're actually
heading to the airport tomorrow night
because I didn't realize we fly to
America like first thing on Sunday so
sad is what's happening I'm not ready
for it I could've done with an extra
couple of days I think you probably
could have done too you look a bit crazy
right now
look at your hair okay the cat's coming
in for a cuddle - these guys have been
like giving each other some serious love
recently buddies okay you know I came
through the door on it literally they
were sniffing me like that
like the smell of people so they know
she's still you know she's still alive
yeah but she was yeah must be so
worrying for the dogs I'm actually
having updated these guys on treacle
Mike went to see treacle today yeah so
basically treacle has done really well
so far but her drains that she's got in
a have not quite finished training so
she's not gonna have huge is not massive
really bad so she's basically not gonna
come out till at least Monday if not
later in the week depending on how she
goes so we just we just have a good chat
with the vet and because we now found
out that we have to leave here on
Saturday not Sunday we can't really go
see it tomorrow either so we just kind
of kind of today wanted to go today chat
with a red face to that year's card face
the face and just kind of understand but
he's he's pretty confident doing well
behaved um he's pretty confident that
we're on the right track but it's just
time and she needs that time so I've
just said to him I'd rather you be more
extra cautious yeah and make sure she's
really happy she's ready to go home
and till she wait to go home the rush
there's no point rushing for us and you
know it's so nice to see it but at the
same time I was generally like really
heartbreaking to ASEAN and B to have to
leave ER she was stealing she went to
walk out the door with me that's how I
turn around the other way
and life's a party is horrible but my
sister's gonna look after her so I've
got to say as well like the long she
stays in there the better chance it
gives her making full recovery because
she's got a nose guy like half the body
is basically like all the way from like
MIDI file and she's all shaved like a
whole one size shape more than one side
because it goes right past the top
doesn't it
so I think I'm gonna have some hair when
she's better oh we gonna have to shave
all of her I think just trim is not
about oh but I mean she looked even
though if you saw my Instagram she was
kind of like she looks like really
unhappy face that was which I took those
photos in a little bit of the video
first thing when I got in there and then
that she spent 20 minutes just cuddling
and talked to her and she really relaxed
chilled out she calmed down and she is
really she's definitely like missing her
buddies and home and you can tell that
but that's why I didn't want to go
really so didn't want to have this whole
thing about setting a warning right yeah
but the fact that we're going away I
couldn't not see us I'm sorry I was
selfish but I think it's Sophie noticed
I don't just feel really bad cuz I
didn't go and see her yeah but you can't
picture Silas should not be leanness
going on Venus getting one right now we
miss her anyway that's gonna be able
tonight guys I'm so tired I'm about to
pass out see you in the morning if I
don't kill the dog first if we don't
kill that that beeping dog hey guys and
welcome to my Thursday morning is the
11th of October today and today I'm
actually home for the day I have a lot
of admin stuff to do and I'm gonna start
packing anything to do it's just a
general admin day but first of all I'm
gonna
