hey guys and welcome to my Thursday
morning is the 11th of October today and
today I'm actually home for the day I
have a lot of admin stuff to do and I'm
gonna start packing anything to do it's
just a general admin day but first of
all I'm gonna go and walk the dogs with
my mum
treacle is obviously still in the doggy
hospital
so she's hopefully coming home on
Saturday but I'm gonna go and walk the
other two with my mom's dogs because my
arms actually got my sister's kids for
the morning so she'll be quite fun yeah
in the field a little rabbit dog there
is jumping squidge is here the kiddos
and mum and other dogs are up there look
at these guys in the mud don't fall into
me yeah piglet loves mud little piglet
has spotted the cows she's not sure what
to make of it
what do you do to cow's bike we're off
to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard
of Oz so I'm having a quick cup of tea
at moments before I head home
there's some serious pandemonium going
on all mics ringing me so I've come with
mum to pick up after from nursery and
all three of them are now sitting in the
back like three little monkeys Arthur's
baby were to nursery you're a big boy
these days Spike's got his cool dude
glasses on and Louie's eating milk
chocolate buttons there's so funny thing
in the back they're talking to each
other and they just it's so funny
listening to the talking them up they
like I have like proper conversation
cause I I've been to nursery miss
the greenness is oh yeah it's funny
because what's happening a disaster
though we've just had a bit of a
kerfuffle in the divorce household ah a
kerfuffle no no it was a kerfuffle
before you arrived Mike just got back
and about two minutes before he walked
in the door the cat who is now no
English no no she's now in the corner
eating biscuits yes she is brought in a
mouse and the dogs then chased it into
my office and it went under my recycling
box so MDF came to the rescue and
brought the little mouse inside how cute
is he he like he or she is not I'm
ringing you know take her back outside
oh so cute Mike is currently on the
phone to the vet but we're gonna set the
mouse free we're gonna take it away from
the house it doesn't come back inside
yep hopefully the cat won't catch it
again you never know they sounds like
good news about Rico their BMI yeah yeah
fantastic
all right morning thanks very much
Jess bye-bye I don't want to release it
yet because these guys are in the way no
killer
not gonna happen okay okay I am now
going to release the mouse because the
dogs wouldn't leave it alone so Mike's
taking the dogs over there and I'm gonna
release the mouse he back into the wild
where he belongs is a little field mouse
are you ready mousey go go go did you
see him he was so quick so this one
literally just picked me up pull me off
my chair that was sitting on force me to
come on a dog walk
Mike's like you are coming like swept me
off my feet
and now we go for a dog walk open up
better get my coat on so it's another
lovely evening on the dog walk except
for the fact
though we've lost piglet she has gone
into the bushes now trying to find her
little monkey
so look who we found chasing another
monk Jack standard practice for the poos
so I'm just taking all my makeup off
because for some reason my eye is really
sore
he's here red I don't know what's wrong
with that but I thought I'd be better
off taking my makeup off anyway Mike has
just cooked a delightful meal of chicken
and leeks and spinach look at this looks
delicious
and I'm gonna go and eat mine now
because I'm starving hungry
I just fancy one sofa and I wake up and
Mike's watching some like pimp my ride
type program I don't think it isn't my
ride for something like that what I
actually like really uncomfortable and
it's like swelling up a bit this is the
last thing I need before like look at my
eyelid how swollen it looks already it's
the last thing I need before the talk
pretty sharp oh my tour days be like hi
that's not gonna be cool so hoping it
would go away by the morning I don't
know what is wrong with it it's just
really sore like right here I'm right in
the corner and it feels almost like it
should be okay and ingrown hair or
something it's really weird it's just
really so I'm gonna piss my drops and
hope it's better in the morning I'll see
you guys bright and early tomorrow
morning it's Friday which means it's
personal training time that it guys and
welcome to my Wednesday morning today as
promised last night I have some super
super exciting news for you which I have
been like dying to tell you for the last
week since we've been organizing it all
but it is super exciting
