hey guys and welcome to my Wednesday
morning today as promised last night I
have some super super exciting news for
you which I have been like dying to tell
you for the last week since we've been
organizing it all but it is super
exciting if you're based in New York I'm
actually having an extra day on my us
book tour in New York I'm actually going
to be doing an additional meetup on
Friday the 16th of October and I've
partnered with Topshop for it so I'm
super excited about this basically I'm
going to be doing meetup in their Fifth
Avenue store and it's going to be
ticketed so there is an RSVP email
address I'll put all of the info below
if you guys are interested in coming put
it on a blog post so it's like there and
easily accessible but if you want to
come all you have to do is send an email
to let you mail a dress just with your
details and say hey I'd love to come and
they'll send you all of the info but
it's going to be Friday early evening I
think timings are still TVC as I film
this video but there's going to be
drinks and nibbles and giveaways there
may be a few little gift for those early
to arrive as well as I always do with
all of my book signings so the first 75
people to email that email address will
be guaranteed entry and it's gonna be
super exciting was going to be drinks
and nibbles and a few giveaways and a
couple of little gifts and stuff as well
so I'm super super excited to this I
love Topshop as you guys know it's like
one of my favorite places to shop and
they're actually partnering with me for
the whole tour and dressing me for all
of the days for the tour so it's just
really awesome and super exciting I
can't wait to meet some of you guys in
New York and just have a really cool
evening shopping and hanging out and
yeah all the details gonna be below for
that I'm actually heading off to Topshop
oxer Street now to go shopping basically
and pick out my clothes for the tour and
pick out some of the stuff as well it's
going to be on display in the New York
store so is gonna be like my edit of my
favorite pics from Topshop I'm so
excited about these guys I honestly I'm
like whoa I actually have to do a phone
interview now so I've got to go but I
will take you guys shopping with me
let's go so this is dress number one
that I've tried on
and then this is everything else by
drying on oMG this I think is my fave so
much to do let's do this oh my goodness
guys so I ended up having the most manic
time trying to get everything done in
time and Topshop so that I could go to a
meeting that I've just been to about
something and another like top secret
thing that is so exciting like honestly
there's so much going on at the moment
that I am heading back now to top top to
pick everything up and then I'm going
home to see Mike and I cannot tell you
how excited I am about that as well
because I just I really missed him I
heard about treacle as well I got a call
from the vet saying that she's doing
really well
and then now I'm just gonna try and get
her to eat something because she hasn't
eaten anything in a couple of days so
she just had the operation and stuff so
I need to like calm the excitement right
now so I'm in another cab now we
actually just had a ridiculous
experience trying to get a picture of
the Alfa I'm wearing right now outside
of Topshop and it was chucking it down
was raining and it was so busy but I
think I managed to get kind of a good
one we might use one from inside if it's
not so good because it was like raining
and my hair is like no rained on but
yeah this is my outfit I love this coat
so much yes this is my little outfit but
that picture and now I'm on my way to
Euston station on my way home my
grandma's actually picking me up from
the station it was so funny like I can't
even remember the last time a girl
picked me up a long time ago so hungry
as well I have some fruit for breakfast
this morning at like 6:30 I haven't you
know anything since then and it is now
three o'clock and Oh hungry I'm home and
it feels so good I am reunited with this
one who is currently eating aero bubbles
how are you my love well I'm also
reunited with this little weasel pop
what a weasel pop ratbag you want to
this gorgeous little beauty hello my
love very much missing the third member
of the gang are we not Hey missing the
tricky tree but I just got back to
truthful being sent up treacle piglet
being sent this her own personalized bag
of dog food but you know what was funny
he I always find this is that the other
dogs never go send anything out how are
you are you all right it's just good to
be home it is good to have you home
working working
oh my word Perkins I meet you
that doesn't happen you're not here you
know funny that do you know I did last
night
you're like what doesn't it know when
you are here as well what
fish and chips you Rascals any other
news for me bad news I'm getting big
office 7:30 in the morning tomorrow
thanks play golf at 7:30
yeah why HR today raising money for
charity sure sure well I'm yeah
is that it pretty stressful few days
really yeah you've been looking after
the treat monster yeah yeah which all
well doctors know hopefully do you think
we'll be able to ring her on Friday or
Saturday I'm hoping Friday but probably
Saturday realistically yeah yeah and
then my dad's just offered to take care
of us were in the States so she will be
full-time looked after she's good which
is awesome - does my also much - mdf
dismay Mike like pre-ordered his like a
month ago mine took three days to arrive
this is my new iPhone I managed to get
an upgrade to the iPhone 6s in rose gold
this is how not to get into an iPhone
you know ah I hope your nail breaks I
mean yo it didn't break probably to talk
of my nail varnish but it's chipped
anyway here it is here it is it is rose
gold it's gonna be rubbish me but it's
not it's too small it's just a standard
- why not get a bigger
it's not actually that different in
color from the gold one look that's the
difference in color it's quite a bit of
modeling so yes I'm gonna sell my old
one look it's basically very very sad
you have you gonna play with them yet to
see the touch thing yeah I have I play
with down's they're quite a bit thicker
because of this fancy touchscreen thing
but they basically look same I wonder if
Cape the case should still fit right
because it's this for you hello my is
that Mike it's that it's that MDF on his
old technology literally this is me
every time you upgrade I don't get an
upgrade and I have to spend the whole
year ago this year I got first first
yeah I'm back in the countryside being
all country like we're going for a doggy
walk I just realized I left my jacket
it's not actually that cold I think when
we owe at work yeah you Dumbo so I've
kind of that's a big shift in a public
place as well if you reckon someone on
it because I really like it and I don't
want to order another one and it was
your new jacket when you ultimate fail
Nicola autumn leaves already Mike's like
no when you have this start blowing all
the leaves away I love autumn it's
probably one of my favorite times of
year the beautiful leaves and you get to
layer up your clothes what was piglet
looking at she's just sitting there like
was she doing a poo she's waiting the
longest we in the world oh my goodness
guys look at this sunset it's probably
the most beautiful thing I've ever seen
it's like it's not even translating
properly on camera it's like really
orange and pink and purple and blue it's
fantastical
we just heard from the vets that fingers
yeah we have an update from the Vespa do
this anything else Mike was literally
just on the phone with them said she's
very happy they are enjoying the company
yes they do but they're kind of they're
very much just a lot of gue coming out
of her drain so goo coming out such
great comebacks she's certainly not
going to be coming home tomorrow I want
her to come home
when do they know it's like because
they're Friday they're going to Saturday
it's chapter two surgeon okay see what
happens indeed can you spot Mike in the
bushes piglet just got the scent of a
monk Jack and ran off after a hit and
he's had to go in and extract her from
the bushes that was so lucky cuz she ran
right past here come on Bush no mom Jack
for you today
she's like dammit officially in my
onesie for the first time this year is
getting chilly I'm the encoding oh no in
January like this this winter I did
probably wear it in January
but me and my car well Mike's fifties at
the same time not smelling like I smell
he's cooking the might this is my
favorite concoction of yours
it is spiralized call Jessie with tomato
sauce and prawns and teretha it's
actually like my favorite thing that
might cook for me he is a chef
extraordinaire a speciality dish on my
best yeah baby Mike always gives me the
extra sauce as well because he knows I
love sauce oh really
do you like are you feeling extra saucy
Oh feeling extra salty a bit I'm not a
bit bread
he's fresh bread so units good for you
as opposed to what bread supposed to
moldy old crusty bread oMG that in the
taste sensation very good work Mike very
good work good I totally did not finish
my vlog last night because I passed out
on the sofa chilling out in my onesie so
that's gonna be a day I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and if you guys are
based in New York please come along to
my meet up in Topshop or to beauty
conical comics beautycon because it's
gonna be really really fun I'm so
excited about it and I just really I
can't actually believe we're going on
tour in like three days time slightly
mind-blowing but I hope to see some of
you there and yeah I'll put all that
info in the info bar below on how you
can apply for a spot and come and hang
out see you tomorrow guys bye good
morning guys and welcome back to
Copenhagen today is the 6th of October
and I watching at the season finale of
Walking Dead Season 2 I'm Way behind
it's so intense I paused it right now to
flog because it's that amazing I'm
