good morning guys and welcome back to
Copenhagen today is the 6th of October
and I watching at the season finale of
Walking Dead Season 2 I'm Way behind
it's so intense I paused it right now to
vlog because it's that amazing I'm
actually going for breakfast in like I
think like five minutes and I have like
20 minutes left to watch I'm like no
come on but yeah today I am in
Copenhagen I don't know if I told you
guys why I'm here basically I'm here to
speak at a conference for Johnson &
Johnson so to talk about what I do
and things like that I do this kind of
stuff quite a lot so I'm not too nervous
I'm in a little bit nervous because also
another reason why I'm wearing this like
shirt jump thing they were all the time
and I thought they would be an iron in
the room there's no iron so I look
really scruffy and have this an ironed
shirt bit hanging out and I don't know
if that just makes me bit because it's
like I don't know fairly professional
setting I'm a bit like oh no I Liberty
scruffy so hopefully it might drop out
by the time we get there we have this
morning to go and explore Copenhagen
looking out the window it doesn't look
like a fabulous day I'm not gonna lie
but we got to walk around a bit last
night in the dark that's actually a
really beautiful city and if you can see
much but this building is nice here and
then the grey sky I haven't actually
heard from Mike this morning because the
UK is an hour behind Copenhagen so he
won't be up yet so I don't have any
updates on treacle but I think she
probably should be going into surgery
you know first thing this morning so
that's in a couple of hours time in the
UK so yeah thinking of her and if you
guys want updates like instant updates
Mike is doing snapchat of like the whole
like he's so sweetly I was watching
snapchat this morning as I love him so
much he's so sweet he's been just
posting the sweetest messages and yeah
he's lovely
so um go and check out his snapchat if
you want tricot updates because he is
there while he's not with her at the
moment cuz she's at the vet but he is
like waiting
yeah so I can't wait to get home to
those guys I'm actually going I'm
staying in London tonight I saw you fly
back this afternoon and then I've got
meetings tomorrow so depending on what
happens today I'm gonna try and cancel
everything I can tomorrow I can't cancel
everything but I'm gonna try and get
home as soon as I can because if she
comes home and she's poorly on the plus
side we found somebody to have sit when
we're away I think which is really good
because we were really worried if Treves
had her operation she was meant to be
staying with my mum and my mum's puppy
our tea is like super super boisterous
and we were worried that she would like
jump on trickle and split her stitches
or just generally like she needs to rest
basically so and also we didn't want to
like put that on my mum having not just
our three dogs and her two but a sick
one as well so hopefully we've got
someone house-sitting which you should
be really really good because I think
that's probably the best thing today
anyway this is a long boring update now
I'm gonna go I will show you some of my
exploration experimentation in
Copenhagen look at all the sailboats
guys it's so pretty and then they have
all of these that guys really noisy they
have all of these buildings there that
one is the skinniest house in Copenhagen
so we're now in like a main square I
think it's called cultivate this is
fountain one of the coolest things about
Copenhagen so far are the flower sellers
on the street they sell the most amazing
flowers I'm gonna show you guys look at
this guy's
so much color I love these flowers I
don't know what they call for I love
them they're so pretty for autumn so
nice
get these ones they're also pink we've
come into this really cool indoor food
market and we're gonna get coffee we
actually just had breakfast so I don't
think we were too near me food but
coffee would be good and they have
really interesting stuff
smells like spices look at all the
Danish pastries I can't even believe it
they look so tasty must resist so we
just finished the talk which actually
went really really well it was cool it's
about 30 people and I thought it was
gonna be much bigger so it was pretty
chilled just having a chat about content
and YouTube and all of my favorite
things and yeah we're in a hotel now
which is really amazing I called Sam
Petri it's really awesome look at the
lobby and this is the restaurant in
their life are so amazing I'm actually
gonna go show you these antique light
bulbs because I really want some in my
flat not like this design but like
they're so beautiful
I just noticed this dude in the lobby as
well check him out those are some long
leg I'm feeling rather smug and virtuous
about my lunch choice I went for tomato
soup with a side salad very healthy
because yesterday was not so healthy we
ended up eating so much last night that
restaurant was incredible so I'm trying
to be good for the next couple of days
yeah getting ready to airport can eat
this now and then we're just in the
airport now and you guys we please - no
I didn't forget to pick up a fridge Mac
man currently looking at the selection
there are some good ones guys this one
is a particular favorite of mine very
classy which one do you reckon I should
go for hmm I like this one the most but
it's too similar to the one I got from
Bruges I think I also had to update you
guys on the fact that Copenhagen Airport
is probably the best ever whatever it
has a massive hmm that would walk up to
now it has this awesome shop that sells
like cool candles and Moomin stuff I'm
not sponsored by Copenhagen Airport
seriously guys it just is awesome look
at it has Hotel shockula and it is
really cool and it has like nice wooden
floor Victoria's Secret
honestly like one of the nicest airports
dive into her coz she has Starbucks
has loads of cool stuff and it's just
already nice I'm a big fan I want to
come back to Denmark this hasn't been
long enough 24 hours I also just got an
update on treacle and why my focus is
gray oh yeah I just got an update on
treacle from Mike and it's good news the
operation went well it was quite major I
think that absence was really big but
they found what they think of pieces of
wood inside her which she must have
eaten and they're sending them off for
tests and she's out of surgery and it's
now a case of kind of recovering and
stuff so we're trying to work out we'll
know more tomorrow on how she is and
stuff but like whether or not Mike can
still come to America on the book tour
with me because yeah if she's not good
then he might have to stay at home which
is gonna be really tough because we've
been planning this for like a year so
well we'll see but it's good news so far
she it went like as well as it could
have gone I think and it wasn't a grass
seed which they were really worried
about because they're so small but you
can't get them out so hopefully it's
good news fingers crossed and I's I've
just got back to the flat and I'm having
the most super quick change and heading
straight out to a launch party for a new
men's magazine called coach my friend
Gareth actually invited me because his
friend is organising I wasn't even there
who knows but yeah so I'm wearing two
quick outfit today DIY selfie style I'm
wearing this dress from All Saints
Mazzara and leather jackets and then I
have on my Valentina rock stars which I
didn't have time to shave my legs off
fake tan but I'm sure and get away with
it because it's pretty dark I'm just
gonna put this texturizing spray on my
hair and make it look like I meant to
have it messy when actually I didn't
have time to do anything with it the
taxis waiting outside so I am gonna roll
this launch is actually in the same
place at the end of the world party was
a couple of weeks ago
Waterloo station and they have the most
insane refugee
I can't look at him he's blatantly gonna
smash yes strongman thing going on
I love this venue so much the same as
the end of the world party I can't do it
mine
and they have the same gas canisters
they're still there so they are
permanent and not quite rolling at me is
probably the sound is horrendous thrown
out but look at the houses of parliament
at night so pretty
there's big banners chiming Ryan time
perfect timing
I'm home now I'm just taking my makeup
off and go into bed and I'm gonna watch
both Walking Dead which is probably not
a good idea of like home alone bought
myself a michaelis guess but yeah I
chatted to Mike on the way home and taxi
and he seems pretty upbeat about treacle
and everything and can't wait to see him
tomorrow I've actually cancelled a
couple of things tomorrow evening that
will kind of moveable I was like an
event and a meeting that wasn't urgent
so I've canceled them I'm gonna go home
and see him but I just worst timing ever
in the world I just want to be at home
so almost there
I've got some really really exciting
stuff happening tomorrow an exciting
news for you all as well so keep your
eyes open for that also for those of you
based in the US and Canada my book is
now available on Amazon which is crazy
because I just checked today and it's
temporarily out of stock on Amazon so it
must have sold out it will be back in
stock scenes if you want to order it
then I'll pop a link below to that super
exciting and I cannot wait for the book
tour I am 1c so excited about that and
hopefully fingers crossed everything is
looking up with Chico so hopefully Mike
will still be coming and we're gonna
have this epic amazing adventure
together so yeah I'll see you guys in
the morning and yeah I'm not gonna tell
you what it is but the exciting stuff
happening is why guys good morning guys
and welcome to the 5th of October it's
bright and early and I'm going to a
meeting in London this morning
come along with
Hey hmm unlike the last few days
obviously yeah that's wrong sure oh
that's good
