give morning guys and welcome to the 5th
of October it's bright and early and I'm
going to a meeting in London this
morning come along with me Hey hmm
unlike the last few days obviously yeah
that's wrong we were wrong
let's go oh my god so really stupidly
told the Cavs hit me to the wrong place
I don't know why I just had to total
like just brain were blank and I was
like yeah yeah it's definitely a Ronnie
House Cafe and this actually at the in
Street town house so I'm not walking and
saying about 10 minutes
and I was a bit early so it should be
fine I we were like five minutes late
but I wanted to tell you guys what I'm
doing this morning well sneak peek what
I'm doing because I'm actually working
on something really really exciting for
when I'm in New York next week there
might be it's not a hundred percent
confirmed yet but there might be an
additional meet up to beautycon so if
you are based in New York I know a lot
of people said they were disappointed
because obviously have to pay the
tickets to music on so I'm working on
something else if it comes off it will
be freaking awesome it will be a lot of
fun so fingers crossed it happens it all
works out fine we're on like the final
stages it just needs signing off by one
more person and then it will happen so
watch this space on that one I'm pretty
excited and I'm trying not to get run
over crossing the road and it smells a
peak look so I just got a phone to my
egg
not good she's having to go for an MRI
scans day which I just feel like since
repeating itself with Werth and Mike's
on his own and I'm not there
the thing that I'm going to Copenhagen
for is actually kind of like it's a big
thing I'm speaking at an event and can't
really cancel it so last-minute
like I'm flying out and I put out there
and a half and I just you know it's not
cool and I've got everything crossed
between over I feel so bad for Mike
seems like
treecko's his dog - like this is serious
drilling going on
yeah take off his dog and I just really
hope it's gonna be okay
we're saying goodbye to brainy England
on the plane now I just skipped the
whole journey to the airport because it
will be overly exciting yeah
I'm hoping it's also really encouraging
miserable I've got some in-flight snacks
going on that we didn't actually buy on
the plane we stopped at fret on the way
especially at reentering I've never had
it before it's crayfish and mango and
cashew nut salad for sweets pants and
great delightful here we are at least
there's no brain going on it's a tiny
bit of blue sky out there it's very flat
we have arrived in Copenhagen and this
is all I can see right now I will show
you some views or a bit it's not
satellites so here is my cute little
room in Copenhagen
it's very old-fashioned and cute and
then the bathrooms in here which is
pretty basic but it's cute I like the
color scheme it's all gold and white I
just spoke to Mike an update on treacle
I'll sit in this chair to tell you she's
having an MRI scan at the moment and
then they think it's it's a foreign body
because they tested the lump and it has
sir like bacteria and it's I think it's
a foreign body so she's either eating
something I had some kind of nasty bite
so they're giving her an MRI scan to see
what it is there's anything inside that
needs removing and then if it's bad
she's gonna go straight into surgery and
have it removed and if it's not so bad
she'll go into surgery tomorrow so not
good not bad it's just kind of like an
update but I just am really worried
about her and
it sucks not being at home and was he
you know we're leaving to go on the book
tour in on Sunday it's Monday when I'm
forming this we're leaving on Sunday to
Don the book tour and I just it's really
hard because it's you know this has been
months and months in the planning we
can't I can't cancel it I mean the worst
case scenario Mike might not come with
me but I'm hoping he still will be able
to because it would be a real like a
real shame if he can't so we're just
trying to work out if she has the
operation today and tomorrow how well
she'll be how well she'll be in the vet
and whether or not we'll be able to get
her back home before we leave and all
that kind of stuff so we'll see port
treacle so i actually left my camera in
my room so I'm now filming my phone
which yeah it's not great it's it but
there we go I'm actually upgrading in a
couple of days to hopefully powering the
new camera on the iPhone 6s is much too
amazing so it will be better one day and
it turns out it's dark outside so you
can't see much but this is copenhagen
it's pretty it's very pleased
so I'm guessing we'll see more tomorrow
morning cuz actually have a few hours in
the morning we're gonna go and explore
and see what Copenhagen has to offer
we're going out for dinner now I'm very
excited because I am super duper hungry
it's a pretty cool interior shop they
just noticed this sign on the table but
we have some wines okay
so we've come out for dinner to a South
American restaurant bizarrely in
Copenhagen as you do eat South American
food in Denmark and the first thing we
have is this which is box heart with
cheese it sounds really scary
see what we think the cheese looks like
but full-on burger cheese like American
plastic cheese that is really good hey
guys so I see you Polly forgot my camera
when I went out tonight so I've been
filming on my phone and I'm gonna put a
few clips from my phone in this vlog and
if they're not terrible you guys will
have seen a bit of what we've done
tonight but so annoying
it was actually dark we went out anyway
so I feel like you'll see a lot more of
Copenhagen tomorrow when we actually
have a morning here to check it out
where any here for like basically 24
hours if that like 20 hours I think so
we're not going to see a huge amount but
hopefully we'll see some tomorrow I'm
super tired now it's about midnight and
yeah I'm gonna go to bed now but I'll
see you guys in the morning I'm still
waiting to hear on mics my phone ran out
of battery I'm waiting for it to power
up again so I can ring him which a
country called but I think she's gone
into surgery or she she's going into
surgery in the morning I think is what's
happening so fingers crossed for her I
hope you guys have everything crossed
I'm just super worried about her but
yeah thank you guys for watching him as
he tomorrow bye good morning guys and
welcome to Sunday today Mike and I have
had a very slow morning after the drama
of little tricky truths last night she's
still feeling a bit poorly there she is
little monkey so we're keeping a close
