good morning guys and welcome to Sunday
today Mike and I have had a very slow
morning after the drama of little tricky
truths last night she's still feeling a
bit for me
there she is little monkey so we're
keeping a close eye on her but we slept
in because we're pretty tight and I am
filming video now and then we're going
on a little adventure this afternoon
it's not very exciting one it's a Sunday
adventure how are you feeling
Monte oh you don't have showers out of
you considering maybe having a shower
cos you stinky stinky I smell good I've
had shower but makeup on la la la la la
la la so we are off to OB certainly a
lot
giorgia shut the door Charlotte okay
we're all good we're going see you later
my baby fine little piggy week I am
going we are going to things because I'm
going away Copenhagen tomorrow oMG it's
tomorrow that's crazy
so yes what's happening in do we do a
quick outfit today for my really yes
please I'm feeling purple today and I
realized that they're different purples
and they don't go but my lipstick is
I'm top film onset crazy camera my
jacket is from Zara which is actually
going in a full video tomorrow's my
jumper is from bloomingdales is really
old my jeans are from several my kind
which are really old and a rediscovery I
love it when you remember something you
thought perhaps and then my eggs
underwire shoes and my bag is from Chloe
find my outfit let's go to boots and
stock up on stuff and then we are going
out for lunch with my fam as like an
extended birthday celebration correct
Mike may or may not be snapchatting my
lashes right now this is so cool and one
of the girls from the noms have
encounter actually just came over
because she watched my videos and she
busted me learn the cure well it's
really embarrassing so yeah what do we
need I need miniature travel stuff so
let's get this done we don't actually
have very long as we left quite late but
I don't fare usual
oMG guys the soap and glory Christmas
stop it and I want everything this is
what I'm talking about Mike is currently
perusing the phone burst selection issue
we're - so what well I think that the
pinky purple ring is that the fig one
that's that's the big one
yeah well fig that's really yummy so
having a little bit of Sunday lunch I
forgot to vlog it before I took a bite
because it was too tasty looking and I
had some got some spinach and mushroom
Wellington with blue cheese sauce not
your conventional Sunday roast but it
tastes amazing so I'm just on my way
back from my mom's I never actually
normally set up the camera in the car
when I'm driving but this is kind of fun
I've done it so yeah we were back from
my mom's now excited she left my car
here last night
because I had a couple glasses of
champagne and Mike drove back separately
so I left my car here coming to pick it
up and now I'm heading home to pack up
my stuff I'm going to Copenhagen
tomorrow which I'm actually really
excited about cuz I've never been to
Copenhagen before I'm only going for
like
one night and it's I think like
basically 24 hours but it's how we get
there so it'll be interesting to see if
we can actually see anything and see
what it's like you guys from Copenhagen
let me know what it's like by the time I
put this up I'll actually be there but
yeah I'm excited about that and then I'm
heading to London tonight because I've
got a meeting really early tomorrow
morning at 8 o'clock so I'm heading down
tonight so I'm gonna pack up my stuff
Copenhagen and a couple of nights in
London and yes I've got that like
afternoon like a slump and energy I
might gonna make a green tea see if it
will pick me up a little bit I've just
got back and I thought we'd do a quick
little boot school and show you guys
what I picked up most of its kind of
travelling stuff but there are a few
bits and bobs in here so let's have a
look first thing I got was some cotton
pads actually got two packs because
treacle needs her ears cleaning quite a
lot and we use them to clean up a bit as
well so you can take my makeup off and
clean the dog I've got some deodorant
this is my fave and then Mike got his
phone burst which no joke this smells
amazing is the for whatching blackberry
and wild fig it is actually really good
he's obsessed a bit we've got also got
these which I'm really interested to try
I used to take maracas a lot but I
haven't in quite a while but this is a
new version of maracas that like
dissolves on your tongue
it's the maracas booth so that the
energy version with my vitamins and
caffeine and stuff in it I'm interested
to try that it's probably not the best
for you but there we go and then I got
two of these stacking pots when we go on
tour so I can decant my skincare bits
and bobs into that I probably didn't
need to but what you can do is stick
them together so I can have like seven
or something like that instead of the
supply and then I got a couple of empty
bottles for my shampoo and conditioner
because I don't even want to take the
whole big bottle because we're going for
like two weeks but we're also doing lots
of different climates like Chicago in LA
gonna be very different temperatures
this time yes I feel like we're gonna be
quite limited with our baggage like
they'll be full I also got some blister
plasters because I like to keep their my
bag all the time
those and some little on-the-go nail
polish remover always good for traveling
and then I also got a new collection
concealer because my one don't know what
is that with my focus my one has kind of
bitten the dust really so I got new one
of those and then I also got this which
is one of the soap of glory glow sticks
the mini ones but it's in nude which is
always sold out I was fun with it wasn't
sold out and then we got some gum
because you know everybody needs gum and
Mike also bought some toothpaste which I
didn't tell him but I actually already
just got a fresh one of these and so he
didn't need to
I really need to paint my nails I might
do that now before I got on the train
cuz I'll get them they're so bad
what hearing tricky hammers but these
two are both I'm really excited but they
have no idea what she was about a thing
cause I think it's something funny and
freaky the legs Italian please
commercial but they going in the mouth
oh no oh yeah good girl three key
goodies you're like where's mine where's
mine on this now
station after they're done something
like I said I guess I'm in me and we're
really worried about three cookies we
were just looking at the time and she's
really not better so she's going to the
bath first thing tomorrow morning I just
hate to leave them especially went very
well so bit worried going up focus well
they don't know what's going on with
this crazy focus yes a little bit
worried but hopefully she'll be okay
got to London fine I actually had a bit
as I like who do wanna go moment when
Mike dropped me off tonight
I spent a lot of time away from her in
the last month and I wasn't vlogging so
I guess you guys like you guys didn't
come with me on that but like I love
travelling so much and I love coming to
London but I think I spent like probably
six nights at home in September so I was
a bit like I don't wanna leave okay but
I'm excited to be here I've got some
cool stuff coming out tomorrow anyway
I'm gonna light my candle and I just
want to tell you about this candle
because I realized it hasn't been in a
vlog or anything yet this is from
Anthropologie and it is there I think
it's that volcano candle it was 24
pounds as you can see on the price tag
yes volcano ah it smells so good it's
unusual for me because it's fruity and I
don't normally like fruity candles but I
like this one a lot and it makes the
whole flat smell amazing
so you're aligning the candle then I'm
gonna eat some food I actually bought
some takeaway from prep on the way here
because there's no food in the flat and
I got butternut squash and sage soup and
I also got a little coconut yogurt with
coconut and nuts and stuff on the top
which looks goodness I think it's got
cacao on as well and then I got some
grapes although I had one of those super
embarrassing moments in prayer but I
dropped the grapes on the floor and like
half of them spilled out and it's like
what are you doing that situation what
would you guys do do you either put the
grapes that haven't fallen out
you know like keep them in the pot pick
up and put the lid on which is what I
did or would you like skip more up put
in the beer
and then get another one and buy the
other one like what would you do I don't
know so I just took the ones that
weren't like that didn't fall on the
floor so like about a third of them fell
on the floor and yeah just paid full
price for them because I felt like an
idiot and it was really all good so yeah
I'm gonna download some walking dead and
then eat my food and like a candle and
just be generally all like lonesome
eating my dinner on Sunday night I'm
looking that's actually going in my
mouth I'm looking super freaky right now
wearing this jelly kind of a weird face
mask this is Sarah Chapman moisture
infusion face mask which keeps slipping
down I keep like pushing it back up
don't they look creepy it's like this
weird gel stuff and I'm watching The
Walking Dead and I've just redid my
nails as well although I did it with the
lights off so I'm hoping that it's still
kind of he looks like a she I went for
this color which is a YSL one it's
really pretty like deep red cold then
looking at Owen does have a name it's
called Rouge da da fancy and that's
probably gonna be here for tonight guys
I'm gonna go to sleep now well I'm gonna
watch some more Walking Dead then I'm
going to go to sleep I'm gonna take this
off first actually but yeah I'll see you
bright and early because I haven't any
start tomorrow and I hope you'll have a
lovely day evening whenever you're
watching this
see you tomorrow good morning
it's Mike's on snapchat when I'm trying
to start my vlog good morning mdf how
are you Julie done what for day 3 it's
AG o'clock
