good morning it's mics on snapchat when
I'm trying to start my vlog good morning
mdf how are you Charlie doesn't like for
day sorry it's AG o'clock yes most
unappealing eggs poached eggs looks so
freaky when you're poaching them do
they're not I think they're looking
pretty good to be honest like now how do
you mean it's coming
Jesus wet my eggs you I'm having a bit
of pre-breakfast scrolling through a
sauce one of my favorite things to do I
spend way too much time on this website
and I actually don't buy stuff that
often I'm on it like every day checking
the new stuff I'm like oh I want that I
want that the only thing I found this
morning is this jumper which I just got
kind of Navy ish version of it so I
don't know if it's a bit ridiculous this
one what do you guys think
yay oonh a is quite expensive I like the
color I like this detail on the front
what's this detail yeah we shall see
what an excellent way to start a
Saturday morning
someone's rather in demand this morning
I was telling people and these two were
too jealous
so quid you are so jealous look at this
could you get any more needy
so I'm sweet and then piggy had to be
part of the action too yes she did oh
yes she did
what would you do now if I went the W
word really loudly had a really slow
morning and I just got ready it's pretty
much lunchtime now actually half past
one it is lunchtime I'm heading over to
see my mum because it's her birthday
today I just spoke to her on the phone
she's doing like an afternoon tea and
I'm also doing kind of takeaway and
watching the rugby because the rest of
my family all the men in my family
loving the Rugby World Cup right now and
it's England vs. Australia tonight so my
parents have that I don't know if you
guys have seen in my previous vlogs they
have like a projector and a big screen
that comes down so I think we're gonna
watch the rugby on that tonight don't
wear my kids these outside
I think I'm gonna go and find him and
see if he'll come with me to see my mom
for her birthday think he's doing some
gardening you can always tell where Mike
is in the garden because there is music
playing whatever he is like blasting how
can you spot Mike to the really majestic
weird music in the bushes how he rolls
when he's gardening Oh
Treecko is just standing there with her
tongue sticking out like Hello and now
she's put it back in it looks really
funny these two eager beavers want you
to throw that ball in the pond
are you ready contenders are you ready
yes they are look at them and they go on
the first whistle where are they Oh tree
goes in the lead to try to zoom in look
at them swimming ah they're like
matching otters so I've just got two
mums and the birthday girl who's looking
very fabulous happy birthday dooster
it's making egg sandwiches look at these
they look delicious
I love egg sandwiches brown bread egg
sandwiches yummy and there's the makings
of a rather splendid afternoon tea going
on on the table there's some scones or
scones which is it mum is it scarless
games
I never ever know what some closet cream
got some Jam strawberries got some plum
tomatoes totally eating one of those so
else have we got mum anything oh look at
these they look so cute what else have
we got later no crusts very posh buns hi
first mince pies of the year I love hot
cross buns oh you want the mini ones as
well these ones are really good the
Marks and Spencers mini luxury ones they
are the shins bomb Mike's just arrived
to watch the rugby wearing what's he
wearing England I did not even know you
owned this like I was gonna what I have
actually got like it's one of those like
teat ones which I know that's not good
let's not this looks nice but I can't
refrain you in black ringing what is
that to be like bearer
Moretti's authentic beard I think we're
taking this rugby a bit too seriously
there's one screen here and then we've
got the mega screen in here everyone is
sitting down watching I'm probably get
told off for talking don't tell anyone
well how's it going is anyone one yet
it's like 50 seconds oh no I know
absolutely nothing about roasting but
apparently
glass of champagne so that's all I
really care about which is good
good Saturday night I think I might join
the non Rugby clan in the kitchen
apparently the rugby is not going too
well it's been rubbish through that a
whole lot of courage how about some
curry action on prawn side a tiny bit of
chicken tikka masala and some Oh Oh
screen fog lens for some lamb delight
still doesn't fall going on and some
cash worry not yeah I just got back home
and tree key has been being quite quiet
for the past few days we just found it's
got this really funny lump on her side
you're my baby look how beautiful she is
but she's got like I'm here this is like
but where her tummy is here it's really
hard like this rock solid there and
there's like enlarged about the shape
the size of my hand there and it's not
the same on the other side a bit worried
about her hey oh my girl you're so
beautiful you're are you okay take you
to the reps in the morning yeah piglets
hey whoo cuddling with a ratbag
Hey your buddy she your buddy it Mike's
taking treacle to the 24-hour vets we're
actually really worried about her I've
stayed in with the other two because
they've been on their own for a few
hours because we've been at mums and I
didn't want to leave them on their own
for longer so me and pinky are sitting
here quite worried about treacle aren't
we you're not looking very worried right
now big insensitive sister hopefully
she'll be all right but I do worry
because she's such a sweetheart I don't
want her to be poorly we don't want him
to be poorly do we pig that's what he's
here - she might watch some TV
once we wait he
mmm dog smoke these two are home and
hopefully the vet said what that she
thinks she's banged it basically what
one of the things happen is she's she's
had a knock somewhere there's tilt to
things exactly they had a really hard
knock or she's eating something bad
that's possibly still inside of where
the lump is the lump that she's got with
basical bloody said that something's I
think that it's like a swelling so she's
had blood tests as well on the port as a
blood test set all clear so there's no
issues to worry about this woman it's
not all about you come on I know you
think it is but bless her she's got
another temperature again so she's back
on antibiotics so we basically got to
take the back to the vets in three days
but we're not gonna take it to the
evening vet signor super nice they're
super duper expensive so we're gonna go
take them to her normal vets next time
and she'll go get checked up and
hopefully by Monday this is well she's
sure it doesn't change she isn't sure
which is jolly good really cool good job
we will need that insurance Hey well
that's gonna be it for tonight guys a
stinky little breath needs a teeth
brushing you do I've been watching The
Walking Dead I just kind of fell asleep
in front of as well I watched the first
season when it came out and I didn't
watch any more and it's on Sky box s and
we've been watching a couple of episodes
I love zombies see you in the morning
bye guys October good morning is second
day of October today and I look like s
Simpson the car light is really really
yellow so look like brightly we are off
to a personal training session
