hello vlog Toba good morning is second
day October today and I look like s
Simpson the car light is really really
yellow so look like brightly we are off
to personal training session getting
fitter I always go to personal training
but I haven't been for a few months
because I've been traveling so much and
it's been the summer so I train has been
on holiday and then came back and then
we went away and came back so we went
last week and I was limping for about
three days so hoping that's not that
this week we did it I'm a hot sweaty
mess now it's time to go and have a
shower and walk the hoons I need some
breakfast feeling rather proud of myself
because I cooked the eggs for once today
I'm gonna cover it in hot sauce surprise
surprise
so I'm now walking the dogs and I have
to walk really fast to try and keep up
with piglet because if you lose her she
then runs off and doesn't come back for
ages as you guys know so I'm getting the
second workout of the day like power
walking after the dog I love it
come on guys this is a turnaround point
where you have to watch her because she
decides that she wants to walk to be
longer and she'd rather go on a detour
come on Pig can he pee oh hey come here
Pig this is a very well disciplined dog
as you can tell come with me come here
come here
say hi oh and go wait hey guys trickles
off what you do intrigued stop eating
that grass come on I also have on summer
day glow get Irish leggings with Mike's
farmerie tweed coat it's a great look Oh
piglet have you got something stuck to
your nose so your ear or your face
what say you got holding on there a
feather piggie what you silly sausage
come on just have a shower and put some
slack on as you guys can tell this
probably a big difference I actually
almost lunchtime now because I just
spent like an hour on the phone trying
to sort out when your phone contract cuz
I'm upgrading to the iPhone 6s so
excited I'm getting a rose gold one is
meant to actually be coming in the next
car
of days they say three to five working
days however the guy on the phone said
as it's in stock you may get it as soon
as tomorrow so I'm excited and waiting
for delivery so I finally got that
sorted had to change the pet insurance
had to ring the doctor I had like a
whole list of stuff I had to do and like
changing info doing this blah blah blah
yeah anyway I'm cooking some lunch now
I'm going for some pita bread I found
these in the fridge Mike never normally
puts baked goods in the fridge I do
think it makes them last longer I know
you're not like supposed to I think it
makes them last longer it's really
unusual that Mike's put these in the
fridge because he never normally does it
random observation I'm gonna cook some
pizza bread and find some other snacks
in the fridge Mike went shopping this
week so there's a random selection of
pretty tasty looking things as some
sureit so in a backpack I might eat some
of that and these guys were sleeping
until I walked up but I just had to show
you how cute they are when they snuggle
together I'm not sure why but these two
have become real snuggle buddies
recently and they spend so much time
cuddling it's so sweet we need to give
treacle some extra love today don't we
guys because she's the loner of the
group I think she's still upstairs it's
not your conventional lunch I've got a
little bit of brown piece of bread some
hummus I'm not gonna eat this whole pot
I doubt that would be going some with
that amount pitch bread some olives and
some chorizo and a mini bottle of San
Pellegrino cuz this is my fave and Mike
is obsessed with it right now as well
ever since we went to Italy he's become
obsessed with it he never used to drink
sparkling water it's actually really
good because it's awesome drinking
waters good for you but yeah true story
just had a really weird experience and
it's left me feeling really weird and
nervous
I just got delivery from a courier
service and the dog started barking so I
knew there was someone here and I was
sitting here where I am here in my
kitchen and obviously like you can see
this window in my hallway that's like
well front door so they'll they'll drive
up and I saw their van parked there so I
knew they were there and I was like
waiting for them to ring the doorbell
because of that I was like waiting
waiting waiting I didn't ring the
doorbell I could hear them kind of
talking I was like okay
getting something out with van and then
the guy doesn't ring the doorbell
doesn't know walk but just like tries to
open the front door the front doors on
like a latch so it's not gonna open he's
like really trying the front door and
then he's like yeah there's no one in
like that's really odd so I walked over
to the door I kind of look out and there
so I open the door I'm like can I help
you it's like yeah you've got a delivery
he left it on the doorstep so I was like
oh you do know there's a doorbell and he
like didn't really say anything and I
was like really just odd and there were
two other guys in the car and they were
kind of looking anyway left me a bit
scared
so just I don't know is that that's
really odd right I feel like they were
scoping out to rob the place or
something terrifying and I did you I
rang the company and just told them
about it but nothing like that has ever
happened to me before with delivery man
I was like you might to be giving me
something good here don't trying to rob
me but yeah it was like a legit package
there is addressed to me so that's fine
but very very odd scary times especially
when I'm home alone Mike's not here
right now I was like on a more positive
note I'm just getting ready to film some
videos because like I said yes sounding
like as much pre filming as I can before
we go away so that I don't have any like
missing videos and stuff I'm taking them
with this so this is a little bit of a
sneak peek into my new beauty video for
October but how amazing is this color
yes it's odd to me look at the shiny new
nails oh my god I just realized I've
dinged this one ah I hate that how much
do you hate that okay
shiny new nails except that one I love
this color so I'm making a little green
tea before I start editing hello this is
one that I am having today mango green
tea from Clipper and I actually tried
this for the first time yesterday and I
have to say it's quite nice I don't
normally go for the fruity teas normally
go for their kind of salted caramel
popcorn ones but I'm liking it Mike's
just got home and he spent the last 10
minutes I've been trying to get my video
ready to go up tonight being like oh
come on to say my real car
come and see my new car and guess what
it's exactly the same as the old car but
just so before Mike had a gray OD now he
has a white LD personally I much prefer
the gray but yeah there we go
you're a duffer flashing lights on top
of it everyone moves that your way
really when you're inside it basically
feels like exactly the same color
but there's one different it's got a
hiss and it's really important I
probably spend more time in Mike's
passenger seat than I do driving my own
car I realized also my ear cuff is
hanging off because the clip with a bit
tight and I took it off when I was
editing and I just realize it looks
really odd but yeah one thing when I'm a
passenger in Mike's car especially in
the wintertime that I missed in his old
cogs didn't have this little button
right here baby
Wow three heated seat settings I'm going
to be present this wonderful Lord
other things that you missed what else
is it going oh all right Scott so this
kind of traction control has got Lane
Assist it's got Lane Assist button that
it's just stops you going out other Lane
since you're a really bad sure this is
cream and not black the headlining it's
this bits black and not carbon finish oh
yeah shine I prefer the carbon okay and
then it's also it's got miss Cobden it's
got better now so it so it basically you
can Bluetooth your mobile so excited and
it's the same is it actually the same
model as well I haven't like updated it
no yeah
same engine same everything just change
thing wheels
why did you change it because the other
110 mm I'll try to change it you should
be like me and drive like ten miles a
day that's perfect sure sure you ready
to go to a party tonight I'm ready to be
really only going to an 18th birthday
party if we like dancing in the middle
of like the place if we got a chronicler
well my cousin who is 18 on Sunday is
having his birthday
he's not calm annoying on Sunday and so
he's having like his old person's
birthday party for all his family and
Grandma or everything tonight so we're
going to that but guess what I got
invited here as well but no Elstad I've
invited you but once I was warm I was
like oh my god he must have sent this to
me as a mistake basically like I'm 27
Mike's 30 he's really old fart and you
don't really expect to be invited out
I'm just so much cooler than Mike
invited me and not to Mike so there you
go I can't go this mom's birthday sorry
about yourself weirdest thing my family
are all born in October like it's weird
not everybody but my mom birthday is
tomorrow then my cousin Luke's is day
laughter then my auntie who's Luke's mum
is on the 9th
just like six days after that and then
my grandma's birthday is on the 13th
like October is an expensive month I've
had a lot of wrapping to do as well it's
time-consuming
I do love birthday so I can't deny it I
love buying boomin presents yes I'm
gonna go and finish off my editing now
is about an hour to my new video goes up
yeah yeah it's a collab with Suzy and
Alex which we filmed on we're in Greece
when it was raining and actually it's
quite funny like I've just been watching
all of their videos because we film like
one for each of our channels and I
haven't watched their videos yet and
I've just been watching them now and
they're really good so go check those
out if you have the time and I'll see
you later
whilst I'm updating my new video Mike is
about to brush piglets teeth now I don't
why you doing this on the sofa first I
let's talk why in a minute
um but piggy here is the cutest dog in
the world however she has the worst
breath so the vets recommend that we
brush her teeth which you should really
do with your dogs I guess but we only
really know putting them below
stinky breath
she's pretty good she's really good yeah
she also has an extra tooth in her this
is so fun
yeah Mon yes she's pretty good gal
patient anymore
I've had enough toothpaste Oh
booze brushing the teeth squid you said
yeah it's just like I want to brush my
teeth me me I want my teeth brushing
your teeth brushing she won't when you
go girl
she's a pro toothbrush er scratch
scritch I change my mind
he's much better than you what about
treacle people she's like mmm sod off
that could taste good hmm she calls a
pig so she might actually tricky isn't
it like meat flavored toothpaste
actually is it minty day to try
something from now smell it smell it
anything don't see how it knows it
doesn't smell like beef that's for sure
no no we brought my mother brought my
brother my brother's dog once smelt like
actual meat it was really freaky
yeah the whole thing that's like fresh
breath baby mum no we're talking to
piglet come on don't be silly you don't
set each other off now you ready to go
to a party my toothbrush
I'm not vlogging at the party but why
don't you show you this cupcake because
it looks thick there's a popcorn caramel
or caramel popcorn cupcake OMG food porn
right here
watching your movie when we get back I'm
at best old played one and you can have
the other bad food ever again
they watch a movie when we get back
that's for reals can we watch a movie
when we get back yes so I fell asleep on
the sofa last night and I forgot to say
goodbye to you all I woke up like this
like really I did I just woke up I'll
see you tomorrow bye bye hello everybody
and welcome to the very first day of
vlog Toba 2015 I'm kind of sad it's
October but I'm not gonna lie I'm quite
excited about everything that's
happening this month it's gonna be a
busy one if you guys want to come along
on this journey with me
