hello everybody and welcome to the very
first day of vlog Toba 2015 I'm kind of
sad it's October but I'm not gonna lie
I'm quite excited about everything
that's happening this month it's gonna
be a busy one if you guys want to come
along on this journey with me I'm gonna
be blogging the whole month
yeah me and Mike are going on the u.s.
book tour in like a week and two days
which would be like 10 days yeah so we
leave yeah we leave in exactly 10 days
with you only 11 so that's super
exciting we've got a whole lot of stuff
to do before we go in terms of just
organizing everything the kitchen is so
messy right now I cannot even tell you
like I'm not even show you because it's
quite frankly embarrassing this morning
I am filming I've got about six videos
to film for various different things and
I have two hours so let's do this the
bright pink lipstick is on so you know I
mean filming business
first thing I'm filming today is an
autumn hall sneak peek oh hello yes so
this is my look for the first video I
love this lipstick is Tom Ford show girl
very very nice and I'm actually I did
manage to make my brows like semi
acceptable like they are really hairy
under here I'm getting them done today
so I don't want to pluck that I might
want to let leave them so they can do
them like better than I'll do them but
yeah I'm feeling a bit right about the
brows I'll do an outfit of the day for
my first video as well maybe I think I'm
going to change for each video so I'll
show you guys what I'm wearing
first of all the little F necklace which
is from Monika vinegar I love this
though the chain is getting a little bit
discolored don't know if I need to clean
them I have on this shirt from Zara and
my jeans like motorcycle jeans are also
from Zara and I'm not wearing any shoes
because I am in my house it's actually
really cold in here and normally I've
got my hijab but it makes so much noise
but I can't leave it on when I'm filming
sad times I'm gonna have to be cold a
video one is down this is the look for
video 2 which is a drugstore beauty haul
which is gonna go up whilst are in the
States I'm trying to pre film a few
things because we're not gonna have much
time to actually like film and edit when
we're out
so this is what I'm wearing same makeup
same hair I've changed the lipstick to
my lipstick in lucky star which is a red
one and then all lip gloss sorry
lip gloss not lipstick and then I am
wearing this big pearl neck jumper which
is Navy from H&M which was actually in
the previous haul video and yes let's
get filming round two I also just got
this new lens a couple of days ago and
these are the second set of videos I'm
filming on it it's a Canon 40 millimeter
pancake lens which I actually
recommended me to buy but it was
recommended to me by my friend Alex and
I'm liking it so far because I was
having a few problems with my lens I
don't know why I'd had it for like four
years so thought I'd try something new
see what you think
filming mission is complete just in time
it's 11 o'clock my mom's actually coming
over now and we're heading to get our
brows and together it's got one last
thing to do before I leave which is take
a selfie wearing this t-shirt this is
actually a t-shirt what is mention it in
a blog as well because it's for a
charity and they asked me to do an
Instagram which I'm always he doing but
it's for a breast cancer care charity
called the Haven and Savannah Miller if
you guys don't know she is a stylist
designer Sienna Miller's sister has
designed some t-shirts and they're
selling them on a sauce from today and
all the proceeds go to the Haven so if
you guys want to go check them out I
would definitely recommend it because
this one is super cute and it has horses
on it how cool is that so I'm going to
take a selfie and I'm going Mike is here
hello vlog Tova well hello there
mm-hmm well done how are you you smell
pretty fresh smelling had a bit of a
shave it'll grow back that's the one
beauty of facial hair
it comes back the mine doesn't really
are you sure so yeah even watching
football and eating eggs okay what I
gained from filming Mike the say hazing
amazing poached eggs didn't make me any
did you offer because I've been a busy
girl
because it's like the lemon course a
basic mistake right I mean an extra two
for whatever I thought you've eaten
already because you know you're not fool
like me
sure pal well go get your eyebrows done
and you can pick up your hairy brows
very brown eyebrows are done can you
tell the difference they're a bit red
still I was actually really saw for some
reason certain brow hairs
let me know if you guys experienced this
too I'm okay with pretty much all of
them she must pluck out about 500 every
time she does it and there's just one
there's always one or two that really
really hurt and she plucks somebody go
like ah
mum's here but parent she doesn't want
to be on the vlog because she looks to
Rend us after having her brows done I
think she looks nice she's being silly
we are going out for lunch now because I
haven't eaten any breakfast because I
got up really early and filmed like a
mad person so that we can make this
appointment so we're gonna go and get
some food and I'm gonna devour it yes
come tis easy for lunch and we both got
super Zuka salads wish there's some kind
of crazy lighting going on but they're
very tasty there's like goats cheese and
butternut squash and chicken and bread
I'm going to say and you want to be on a
video chat for a second okay what a
delightful meal I was so hungry I love
that we're now heading home to see Mike
I think Mike's working from home today
so he will be there when I get back
which is always the best feeling in the
world made a really quick pit stop on
the hunt for Cosmo magazine because I'm
in it this month which I'm so excited
about and I've actually seen a scan of
it and it's a full length not full
length a full page so I'm really excited
to actually get my hands on one so
hopefully they'll have them it's the
first of October today and it's in the
November issue so I feel like they might
not have them yet but we'll see Mike's
favorite biscuits are jammie Dodgers and
I've just found this in the supermarket
is it too early to buy something for
Christmas we found it check this out
guys mum's got one too and they're only
a pound it's in November's Cosmo and
here is their article so cool it's the
whole page yeah
super super cool this is surreal and
awesome and amazing super exciting so
I've decided I'm gonna give my kids
jammie gotit in now
not safer to Christmas because he's so
wonderful I think he deserves it let's
go and see what he thinks he's sitting
in the kitchen Mike's on the phone but
this one is always excited to see me
even if he's on the phone Oh even if you
can put hello yeah hello where'd the
others discourage hi baby
guys you are the bestest are you finally
off the phone I've got present for you
this is what I guess he when the cameras
on he didn't know that the camera was on
then and he wears it all grumpy
I've got no reason because you're so
wonderful yes and I love you very much
and you're really wonderful to me all
the time I what your present thank you
is this a box what is it tell me don't
you sis Johnny isn't tell me does her do
you not like it do you like it I think
he's pretty disappointed what did you
think it was gonna be
look how yummy they look it's pretty
yummy you grumpy get see he's not that
nice got some crazy hair going on right
now whoa whoa whoa whoa there mister
hair um it's a bit nice now I've been
editing my videos with Zed my hair is
still crazy it's really not happening
right now
but yeah Mike is shaping up some dinner
as per usual everyone must think I never
cook you don't like I used to cook when
I have more time I used to curdle sure
you're just a better cook than me
obviously it's not what are you cooking
tonight MDF you've got some kind of
light I'm just starting a bit of seed
money I'm gonna put that on when the
pans are really hot never one doing
something trying to get the peppers
going and the butter will melt down so
kind of like melting one in one I just
so this butter is about to go cook there
okay so sea bream with peppers and pesto
but it's best to be butter yeah and
we've got some asparagus salad summer
broccoli broccoli looks delicious
is that it we're not having any cops
yeah
cops can be healthy too sure carbajal ik
right here can you guys tell mike is on
a health kick right now this actually
smells so delicious
I wish there was YouTube smellivision
oMG it smells good
I'm gonna cover it in hot sauce so I'm
currently in the middle of a ginormous
pamper slash product testing session in
my bathroom as you can see I have no
makeup on I've just exfoliated I've
actually I use my element of herbology
cleanse this is what I'm using I have it
all like set up in the bath because I
just took an Instagram photo kind of set
up but I am actually using all of this
stuff I just used this for the first
time which is the Kate Somerville
exfoliate this is a really famous
product and I've wanted to try it for
ages and it's really amazing it looks a
little red because it's an enzyme
exfoliation as well quite harsh not
overly harsh but like definitely does
anyway skin feels amazing
so I'm gonna get MDF it right you've
actually just come in your gonna try
this
we're not like this it smells like
cinnamon it's honestly like the best
thing ever
I put it on I was like but you love holy
moly no I knew that
I didn't your trick is going like also
kind of in the process of like laying
out products to take away on tour with
us it's a little premature but I'm kind
of seeing what I've got to see what I
used to buy I loved miniatures and check
out this awesome wash bag that I got
from Charlotte Tilbury really cool it's
giant as well as I thought that would be
really good to take with me okay so it
says what does it say it says apply a
thin even layer
yep to a clean wet face massage in a
circular motion for 30 seconds two
minutes and then rinse gently pat dry
yeah this problem may contain may type
this product may contain this product
may cause skin to tingle flush lightly
yeah all time hand cycle or her red
cheeks this past Thursday you're already
pretty flushed that's because the house
is well and yeah it is quite woman it's
the heating on yeah cat God are you
doing in the shower
Saturday your crazy cat cleaners
Conley get that scrub on here he goes
how much what made me like two peas with
one Pete doobie I think that should be
see how high you get with that it's a
thin getting so manly right now man
maybe you might have needed more it's in
the beer this is the beard
do that for 30 seconds really yeah and
then you leave on for two minutes I'm
also testing this out for the first time
tonight because I have a really
irritated scalp at the moment like at
the front of my scalp by my hairline
this is by feet oh and it's a scalp
treatment
it smells seriously strong it's kind of
like essential oil based but yeah let's
see how this works out it's kind of
tingling right now
how's it feeling is it tingly feels like
someone's like set my face on for
another life
it doesn't actually what you've got a
neon I think you probably should have
put some more runs gonna come come on
rinse it off this way nice nice grades
ripe you got going on sided 1/2 mine is
Silver Fox these days which I actually
loved I love you gray
I think it suits you look at him washing
off Oh watch it that way
oh look at you how is that feeling it
feels clean but how much does all this
cleanness course it's quite expensive
product not secret Mike's having like a
full facial only more of the product you
do cuz you're gonna love it you look so
good in the morning blazing in a wake up
with hives in the morning come on what a
ribbon on your donger sure face lightly
it's not greasy it's not greasy it dries
totally matte noon sure come on it's
fine yeah if I provide a brush in the
morning or is so much bubble yeah pat
pat no hard you should pad oh like
that's like a slap
is it absorbed you're okay because then
you've got another one you go last one
what do you do this every day this is
ridiculous this is kind of intimate yeah
that's probably good amount on on the
fast why do you need to do this gently
massage it is you've still got I cream
to go okay why do I need I cream can you
get wrinkles
I've got wrinkles envelopment I don't
think either is serum you put my face
wrinkled yeah sure don't believe it make
you look glowing and useful here he goes
what's happening why don't you use your
ring finger use a ring finger bike
because why it's gentle it's the most
gentle finger you tap in so that you
don't put no gently tap tap any tap so
you don't pull on the skin I literally
never get Mike to do anything girlie
like this asshole is necessary
see look at all glowy faces look like
shining beacons are gonna look at in the
morning wake up my pride I don't believe
it's just this is a waste of time
mmm you look better without makeup on
don't work we'll see you guys in the
morning I hope you guys enjoyed this
lovely of home brewing session morning
right easy 6:30 wake up to go to the gym
we're gonna get fit again this month yes
oh yes see tomorrow's eyes and welcome
back to a very special video on this
channel as the title may suggest I am
announcing the dates of my us book tour
I am so excited about this seriously
guys my book as you know came out in
February in you
