hey guys and welcome back to a very
special video on this channel as the
title may suggest I am announcing the
dates of my us book tour I am so excited
about this seriously guys my book as you
know came out in February in the UK it's
coming out on October the 6th in the US
I actually have a pre-order link that
you can check out now if you guys want
to preorder it below or you can just buy
it on the day if you are coming to one
of my book signings I'm so excited to
meet you guys coming to six cities in
the States during October they're going
to be Chicago on October the 12th
Nashville all up to the 13th which I'm
so excited about I've always wanted to
go to Nashville Dallas on October the
15th New York on October the 17th which
is actually gonna be at beautycon so if
you guys are coming to beautycon I'm
gonna have a stand there I don't wanna
be signing books there I'm gonna be in
Santa Monica on the 18th of October and
in San Francisco on the 21st of October
I'm gonna pop all of the details in the
info bar below I'm also going to write a
blog post which is gonna have all of the
timings etc so you guys can refer to
that if you are coming please tweet me
and let me know using hashtag FDF u.s.
book tour
mike is coming with me and it's just
gonna be awesome everything is booked we
will see you guys there I'm super
excited I'm planning some really fun
treats for you guys as well for the I
think it's gonna be the first few people
in the queue as I did with the UK one
I'm gonna be planning some cool kind of
gifts for the early birds and the queue
and I'm just super excited I honestly
have been waiting a long time for this
because I wrote the book quite a while
ago now so I've been waiting to be able
to share it with you guys in the States
and it's finally happening super
exciting and also sorry if I sound kind
of like a man if you can't tell I have a
cold right now and I feel a bit rubbish
but hopefully I'll be feeling good by
the time I'm on the book tour and yeah
let me know in the comments but I feel
going or tweet me or just get in touch
super excited to meet you all and see
you there bye good
everybody and welcome back to slightly
out of the blue blog this month
I'm not daily vlogging but I'm doing a
very special blog this evening because
sky1 have invited me to go and see the
premier fancy
