good evening everybody and welcome back
to the slightly out of the blue blog
this month
I'm not daily vlogging but I'm doing a
very special blog this evening because
sky1 have invited me to go and see the
premiere of fancy of their new show
which is called you me and the
apocalypse I'm really excited because if
you guys know I really really love
end-of-the-world type films and TV shows
and everything so I'm actually really
excited to see it we're going to not
only the premiere but they're having an
end of the world party Mike is here as
well
hello looking behind me and today we've
actually dressed in slightly matching
outfits so shall we do a little so
dresses like outfits I dress first
I think wearing a compliment me this is
my outfit yes I have on face and hair
face and hair you know bit messy mmm I
just did my hair makeup in about 20
minutes
slap it already it doesn't it take you
to that that time anyway do you need
longer normally normally if I'm going to
a special event yes why we would take a
bit longer I'm a strong shirt and my
black jacket then I have on my back
might be a new purchase I got in Paris
would see you guys follow me on snapchat
and then most ripped skinny jeans and my
ruffster fugitives ignore the trainers
in the corner ignore all of the mess oh
my goodness I got back from Paris this
afternoon I'm going to New York tomorrow
morning so this is like a small window
and it's like a hurricane hit my flap
it's so messy and then this joker comes
in wearing exactly the same color scheme
apart from the brown shoes man let's go
to go to the end of the world in room
mics evil laugh is the best so I'm in
the back of the cab right now and if
you're wondering when I face a say red
it's because there is a crazy bus yeah
sure indicator like this is red too
so we're on our way and I've got a
question for MDF here yes if we were
really going to an end of the world
party yes and to a bunker underground
who would you take with you if you can
only take three people this is a trick
question one of them has to be me
so my first person may not actually be a
person really may be squeak okay call
the dogs you can't do that if everyone's
gonna die is the end of the world you'd
take the dogs yeah cuz I know
companionship so like 12 years and then
me I told you it was a trick question it
had to be me have food so I wouldn't
take you you know who I would take would
take me I would take Taylor Swift are
short for entertainment you know she
could sing and just generally be awesome
and then I probably take pinklet you're
picking finger well no because if you
take three of them if you take three and
I can take three you've taken the dogs
I'm gonna take two Taylor Swift
and I don't know who else it's really
hard here how do you picture your family
I feel like just gonna let all the
family go and take take take you people
you can't pick one or the other you
can't like pick one parent I'll pick one
child okay you wanna go I can actually
pick okay okay so probably like I know
Barack Obama so then you've got someone
to cover like sort stuff out thinking
like yes we can get stuff done yes I've
done them probably I'd say sharing no
I'd say like probably music like George
North is one of that big ass rugby
players you know is that you need to
take someone down he's a rugby player
big word we play it quick
sure so if you need to take someone down
don't do that we play and then probably
like I would take some badass fighter
all that because depending on what type
of Apocalypse is because we don't know
yet if it's zombies you need people with
guns done so I would just say range to
three mega Marines and leave you home
and then protect me and then I would
survive yes
is the end of the world at least there's
enough macaroni and beef is crazy good
news is even at the end of the world
they have a giant olives the biggest
olives I've ever seen in my life these
real like what are these even adding
what do they do
I don't know but I mean it's laughing
gas tap it it's laughing gas no maybe
maybe we're gonna build a rocket ship
the lighting here is so cool as you
can't believe like you can come under
here
to make sure that the bunker runs
smoothly and to ensure that you are safe
so first business is House Rules and we
just sat down to actually watch the show
yeah but we're watching this first so
that we know what to do and there's
there's a secret package on the seats
it's not gonna explode is it smells like
sweeties it's makes just in case you
need snakes when the world and what hang
on a minute they're actually a lot of
sweets under there you got your right
winning this is officially the creepy
one we're going the wrong way actually
on our way out but it's like look at
this
sixty three pieces of baked beans makes
obviously how many fitted in the box
all the macaroni you can eat baked beans
or any cheese imagine how bad this
bunker would smell if everyone was
eating this many baby names
everyone's gonna be farting for the next
15 years leaving the bunker now it turns
out the world didn't actually but no
there's no spoiler and I'll have to say
there's no zombies I don't know where so
whatever so no way back home now within
the car with my English and I've changed
my mind cuz I just got a really awesome
tweet from somebody about who would be
the people you take come on we've had
this Buffy hello yes no but I also found
a problem your Jack Bauer its basis if
there was no CTU there he would be
incapacitated incapacitated that's right
maybe he's still be badass but I'm not
sure he'd be as good i I'm stuck I'm
sticking out with Bear Grylls I just
can't tell you oh you bluffing into
power so we just got back and it's about
quarter past 11 right now and now I have
this to deal with I'm flying to New York
in about seven hours I need to pack edit
video upload a video and eat some food
as well before then on the plus side
Mike Harris chef tup
that is amore - fine omelette mdf quick
you should me together liking it how
delightful I'm gonna eat some omelette
and pack I'm just getting ready to take
my makeup off I literally have the
cotton buds in hand you know that
feeling when you wearing those makeup I
feel like I'm having one of those
evenings you know when there's so much
going on and I'm really tired now it's
about midnight for me
just ten past midnight and I'm really
really tired and my brain you know when
you have to pack and like you have to
engage your brain or like don't forget
all of the important stuff they need to
take but at the same time my brain wants
to be like think about it chicken right
now if you weren't packing if I wasn't
packing we were gonna go for chicken and
instead we just had omelets which I feel
like it's pretty healthy compared to
probably chicken and chips anyway that
is it for tonight guys I hope you guys
enjoyed this weird and wonderful end of
the world vlog you know really even
though it's not really the end the world
just yet but the show was actually
pretty good do you have to say really if
you never know like when you kind of
sign up to do things I like I you know I
really hope the show's gonna be good but
actually like I cannot wait to see the
next episode because this yeah it is
good and I hope you guys enjoy it once
it comes out actually doesn't come out
until the 30th of September but I think
they're releasing the trailer for it if
you guys want to go check that out I'll
put a link at the end of this video and
also an info bar below and you guys go
check it out it is genuinely a very cool
show if you like like a balance of
comedy and drama and a bit of craziness
so yeah that is it for today guys and
I'll see you again very soon I'm
actually not gonna be vlogging New York
but I am snapchatting at the moment and
I feel like Mike is snapchatting too
from the cameras I yes if you want to
know what I'm doing in between vlogs
then head up it's a snapchat baby and if
you want to see what I'm doing while
you're away yeah I know this is the
coolest thing about snapchat though
because you end up like I can actually
keep in touch with what Mike say when
I'm not there's really good anyway I'm
gonna go to bed now and we will see you
very soon bye bye
