hey guys and welcome to the last and
final day of August it is third times
but it's actually happy time because I
am currently on my way to London mica
striving to be the state to me to their
station oh the cards not like being that
close to the hedge drama whoa whoa whoa
there's drama today I'm going to learn
them actually going all week for various
different things but today specifically
because I have a really exciting thing
to do today which is pretty cool because
for the last few weeks I have been
tweeted probably like 50 times no joke
about cath Kitson starting to make
sausage dog items so they've started
doing this really cute sausage dog
design it looks just like piglet they've
got teapots pencil cases the works so
people have been tweeting me this piglet
design and then last week caskets and
actually emailed me and said hey would
you want to make a video with us where
you come in and choose some cool items
they've released all of their special
back to school items and back to uni
items and obviously a lot of you guys
are in school earning uni so today I'm
going to go and look at all of their
stuff and pick out a few awesome things
and I'm going to see if I can get a
little sneaky something for one of you
guys as well because that is only fair
right let's go to London baby so I've
just got to London I'm dropping my bag
off and then I'm off to look at handbags
pretty much the best afternoon ever
right see those kids outside they're
like having a good time that's for sure
so I have arrived on the road but we
can't actually fight in the building
we're gonna find it determined the Sun
is out though on an plus side it's been
raining for the last like three days
straight the most miserable weather for
the past a whole weekend the whole bank
holiday weekend I don't know why it
always happens but the Sun is finally
kind about quite a half hour
not quite sunglass weather but nearly
there I found the first sausage dog just
arrived in the showroom which is weirdly
like a shop it's not a real shot but it
looks like a shop and it's super
exciting because basically there's
nobody else in here with me right now
I've basically been set free on the
world of handbags the wall of handbags
- just have a look at stuff and it's
really really exciting I love the spotty
friend this has been out for ages I
think I've seen that a lot a lot before
there's all sorts of beautiful stuff but
my favorite one is this one which is
apparently like the newest style a lot
of it this print is really cool do you
guys like this I'm going to be doing a
giveaway so I need to pick something out
for you guys as well they have these
which are quite cool too which you can
put your um well whatever you want to
put in them it's your choice but you can
put like smelly shoes if you want to
change your shoes or you can put your
lunch or maybe not both because that's
probably a bad combination
but yeah so there's those which I think
would be quite cool to give away this is
the one I want I love this would
definitely fit my laptop in it too and
these I'm actually obsessed with these I
love them I think they're the coolest
brightest trainers in the world I
officially found the sausage dogs guys I
found all of the sausage dogs alright
trying to fight their urge to get a
sausage dog rucksack with sausage dog
pencil case with a sausage dog notepad
with a sausage dog I think this is a
kadai re or a note but another sausage
dog pens okay more sausage dogs guys
they even have a sausage dog teapot I
can't even deal with it piglet T that
actually is probably not an appealing
appealing thought not piglet flavored
tea but a teapot with piglets on it and
piglet mug oh wait there is a sausage
dog oven mitt as well this is ridiculous
I think I'm gonna be in big trouble with
Mike if I go back with an entire house
full of sausage dog stuff I officially
spoke too soon about the weather guys
and it is now chucking it down with rain
again I'm now on my way to a beauty
launch for the Christian of Utah
lipstick I'm really excited to see
because I've never actually tried the
nail varnishes before and to be honest
like I probably wouldn't I don't know
like then they look really cool but I've
never like been enticed to buy one
enough because every
but I feel like lipsticks are definitely
more appealing like I really am excited
suit lipsticks so that's what's
happening now if I don't get like
totally random oh my god guys look at
these this is insane at packaging it's
actually really heavy as well thanks so
that was absolutely fabulous I've never
seen such decadent lipsticks in my life
I'm now wearing one I caught him in the
name of it but it's like the dark pink
matte one really nice actually really
comfortable matte lipstick a lot of the
time is really drying but feels good so
far I'll report back after I've eaten
ramen cuz I am now in tonkatsu and Soho
and yes yes yes baby that's all I have
to say about that I just got back to the
studio after eating that massive bull
ramen and I now feel totally stuffed but
I wanted to show you guys what I got at
cat kisses and today because I actually
did get a little giveaway something for
you guys as well I feel like honestly
the luckiest girl in the world sometimes
because my job is so much fun but it
wouldn't be there without you guys so
yeah a huge thank you and I wanted to do
a giveaway just to say thank you because
my job is awesome I basically got to go
and play with handbags all day and yeah
it was fun I hope you guys have enjoyed
this book anyway but I wanted to show
you what I ended up picking out the
first thing I got was this bag which was
obviously my favorite in the vlog as
well so I think it's a really good size
it also fits my laptop in it you get my
laptop I think it should fit my laptop
in it which is going to be charmazing it
means I can take it does fix my laptop
perfectly in there amazing that's like a
12-inch MacBook and then as you guys can
see I also got these which are probably
the coolest trainers I've ever seen in
my entire life and then I went a little
bit sausage dog crazy and got the
notebooks the oven mitts and the teapot
and the mug and then I also got the
silver ox ACK for my nephew who's going
back to school this week so I thought it
would be a really cute little thing for
him to have and it's got racing cars on
it like vintage racing cars I thought he
would like that and then to give away I
actually got another one of these bags
so the same bag that I got because I
think it's the nicest one not my laptop
in there anyway it also does actually
have a little like purse in there as
well which is super cool so that is
gonna be to giveaway along with all
these notebooks so there's a set of four
polka dot notebooks that has which have
like scalloped edging which is so pretty
and the sausage dog notebook which has
like the multicolored pages so all of
that stuff is going to be given away to
one of you guys so all you have to do to
win one of the prizes comment below this
video and tell me what your favorite day
was that I've logged this month so which
was your favorite day of vloggers what
you enjoyed the most and I will be
picking the winner in a week's time and
also in your comment if you don't check
your youtube inbox very much please
please please leave just your Twitter
name so let my twitter name is whatever
or an email address or whatever you want
to leave so I can get in touch with you
because a lot of the time when I do
giveaways I then send a private message
via YouTube and people don't reply
because they don't check their youtube
inbox so either if you enter check your
youtube inbox in a week's time or give
me like another way to contact you so
that you can actually get the prize
because that would be sad if you
couldn't cuz this really cute prize
anyway that is gonna be it for today I'm
going to do some editing edit the last
few days of vloggers for you guys and
I'll see you again very soon I mean we
vlogging all of October so make sure you
come back for that I'm actually also
going on my US tour in October which is
super exciting so if you're based in I
actually did this in a one of my main
channel videos the other day but if you
missed it if you're based in New York LA
San Francisco Chicago Dallas or
Nashville I'm coming for you in October
I'm going to be touring in between the
10th and the 23rd so I haven't announced
the exact dates or times Yale where they
are etc etc but that is kind of what is
happening so I'm super excited that I'll
be fun cuz we're vlogging as well and
Mike's coming with me to cheer that is
it for today's video I hope you guys
have an amazing week and thank you so
much for supporting me all the way
throughout fall August you are awesome
I'll see you guys soon bye good morning
guys and welcome to Monday today is bank
holiday it's actually the last day of
August I didn't vlog
today because we pretty much spent the
whole day on the sofa like we had one of
those absolutely amazing
