good morning guys and welcome it to
Monday today is back holiday it's
actually the last day of August I didn't
vlog yesterday because we pretty much
spent the whole day on the sofa like we
had one of those absolutely amazing
chilled out Sunday's and today's about
holiday so in Mike's home and not
working and I think we're gonna go to
home since I'm actually gonna because I
didn't vlog yesterday I'm gonna vlog an
extra day and vlog tomorrow so I hope
that's all right with you guys
I'm like way behind uploading anyway so
I guess it doesn't really make much
difference in terms of like it actually
being August or not I'm now looking in
the fridge for things to eat for
breakfast however it's a fairly limited
spread we have some vegetables wine
called flour which naturally this has
got to be the best wine ever right it
probably probably not no I actually have
had it for is really good and then we've
got some some chopped garlic and some
jalapenos some parmesan and pastor and
stuff there's a bit of chocolate cake in
there which I could go for as an Aussie
breakfast but to be fair I don't really
like chocolate cake I'm weird I know and
cheese and butter there is some y'all
got back here I'm pretty sure it's gone
off yeah it went off like two weeks ago
I might put that in the bin that would
be a good idea wouldn't it and yeah so I
think it's gonna be cereal and cereal
breakfast teenagers let's do it it's the
world's biggest box of crunchy nut like
ever in the world ever this is my
crunchy nut look how crunchy and nutty
and milky it looks as pig run away she's
being a rascal so I just realized
Hillier surfs new video had come out and
I hadn't realized and I'm watching it
for the first time wildest dreams
probably not one of my favorite songs
from the album so I'm interested to see
like I said I love every song on the
album obviously but it's probably one of
my least favorite ones
so here we go here it is go well that
was actually pretty awesome right I'm
gonna try to find Mike now I went to be
going to home since I don't know where
he's gone he's disappeared into the rain
these guys have just been for a walk
actually didn't go for a walk with them
today because it is a piglet don't jump
off they might use the poof you might
use the poof yes you are
these guys you stink
all of you are wet think
dog has been chopping it down with rain
seriously look how miserable today is
rubbish and this little Pisa you know
what I realized today piggy-wiggy it's
been a year since we got you a whole
year and you know what you're a nuisance
she's made me so happy she's made me so
happy a perfect little addition to our
family hey guys turn tree here like best
buddies you are an attention-seeker
though I have to say that piglet yes you
are mmm
say hi everybody I'm wet and stinky if
it was smellivision this would be bad
getting Starbucks drive-through right
now we've just spoken to the lady true
story
that was a pointless exercise didn't
find anything I wanted there was just
about 5 million people in their name I
know actually so that was a thoroughly
unsuccessful shopping trip Harley we
went to it was why he was full of
inspiration Oh Mike was like I hate
coming into these rubbish shops I'm like
it's good for house inspiration Mike so
we did HomeSense BHS Laura Ashley and
then I wanted to go into next home but
apparent ease closed down in the next
place moved on so yeah that is what we
have done but on the plus side I got a
skinny caramel macchiato so the world is
not too bad I suppose it's still raining
it's still miserable every man and their
dog literally I was the cutest dog in
Michael car just now is out because I
call it in one day and no one does it
work so they're all shopping for home
stuff apparently but yeah we didn't find
anything you know we will find
food and we chose let's go against some
food I'm still hungry oh yeah yeah yeah
now in somewhere I know we will find
something that somebody wants piglet
biscuits a small breed Luke she's on the
front to her well
shorthand smoothie do we need big ones
too
yes big biscuits this is MDF serious
face when he is shopping for food
Oh which doable selection should I go
for hmm Wow garlic bread I see what else
have you going here amia basically I'm
going away tomorrow
and Mike's shopping for himself so I'm
just following him around like a mini
documentary of the supermarket being
really annoying do you want pasta I'd
better pass the sakes of ikana pastor
you know forgo something different I
dare you I dare you go Phil you never
have before
what about spinach and ricotta ravioli
what about whole-wheat take me and telly
no too healthy for you
what about mushroom sauce with porcini
mushrooms get him just such an old man
shopping this is how we shop this is how
Mike shops for unhealthy things when he
knows that I'm not going to be here to
try and make him eat or we could get
some snacks for today YUM
salmon pate I'm afraid we've got some
bad news
I got crab patty because they're totally
out of time mursalata it's sad times
Mike sad face oh the red pepper hummus
so angry it's getting original Hamas
these are dirty as well you always have
food I'm having crab passing
I've got five times this is what we need
oh yeah Maeda force be with you hundreds
of eggs I want the big d'etre the whole
tray of like 24 we don't need to point
yes please 115 he's following us he's
following us this is how we roll with
the crab pate and the celery in the car
when you're super hungry and it's 2:45
and you haven't had lunch yet we're now
back home sitting on sofa having or
continuing our Star Wars madmen from
yesterday we are on the final
installment episode 6 and loving it I
first watched all was when I was about
15 16 and I haven't rewashed it since
love it I know I should have watched it
when I was a kid but I just didn't I
don't really know why my dad he's never
seen it isn't that shocking can you
believe it and he was at his prime in
the seventies I feel like you know I
mean yeah crazy anyway what are you up
to enjoying life same with piglet
chillin with the pig the stinky stinky
pig the stinky stinky stink face the pig
I just almost caught you struggling
together and it was possibly the cutest
thing in the world and as soon as I turn
on the camera you stopped yes you did
three key throughs she your buddy
is she your buddy piggy Wiggy you're
such an attention seeker what's that I
think dinner's ready
do you think that is ready all right I
think dinner's ready
maybe shall we go see that's goosey come
on don't have no piggy Oh sausage you're
a silly sausage
check out this gourmet meal that Mike de
force just came and gave me
oh my word it looks tasty we got some
chicken with sure it so on the top we've
got some peppers we've got some
asparagus we've got spinach and Don't
Tell MDF but we've also got some Frank's
Red Hot Sauce to put on top of it so the
last couple of days we've been waking up
really late and going to bed really late
and now
I've got some kind of jet lag from the
bank holiday weekend where it's midnight
I'm wide awake and I know I'm gonna
struggle to wake up in the morning I
have to wake up really early to film
stuff super frustrating I literally
never get into those kind of habits of
staying in lakes I'm such a morning
person that like I have to get all my
work done in the morning otherwise it
just doesn't get done half as good
so yeah weird I'm gonna go to bed now
I'm gonna try to I might read some of my
book actually because I almost finished
my this book actually I've got like
three books on the guy was so bad but
I've almost finished my dream a little
dream by G flat chair who I actually met
a little while ago and she is lovely
probably one of the nicest people ever
so I'm gonna see if I can finish that
tonight if I can't sleep and I'll see
you guys in the morning for the very
last day of vloggers which is actually
the first day of September but yeah it's
the last one I'm kind of sad I feel like
I just get into the swing of vlogging
everyday and just it starts to get
really really normal for the last like
10 days of a vlogging month and then I'm
like not vlogging anymore and every time
I do something interesting I'm like oh I
should be vlogging that oh wait it's not
a vlogging month very strange feeling
I'll see you guys in the morning have a
wonderful evening
good bye did you count morning guys
welcome back to my Saturday today I am
currently cooking brunch it's actually
quite late feel like it's it's nearly 12
o'clock I think that might be my mum
yeah there's my mom hi hon a minute so
anyway as I was saying before my mum
rang me
