good morning little piggy today I'm
sitting here on the work surface
stalking my cross is making is toast it
is such a tip in this kitchen today it's
finally the day that we we are having
the new carpet sitting upstairs so when
we moved in I can't actually leave a
finish six-monthly
it's just over six months isn't that
crazy
time flies so when we moved in six
months ago we were like we're not going
to do anything we're gonna save up and
kind of do bits at a time like we did
with our old house as well the first
thing that we decided to were the
carpets for a bit washed out the
background with a carpet so we're
redoing pretty much all of upset and
actually probably half right yeah yeah
probably half there's quite a lot of
like green carpet blue cloth says that
were getting rid of and today is the day
where they're going away I also wanted
to say at the beginning of this vlog
about daily vlogging because of the I
normally day legal in June and I'm not
doing logging in June this year because
I just I said the end of last month I
kind of wanted to mix it up and I don't
know I've been doing the same routine
for like five years and I wanted to just
kind of change up a little bit so this
vlog is going to be like a weekly vlog a
compilation of everything and so you
guys can see I might do it in two parts
because I'm already a minute and a half
in and I'm just chatting for anyway also
if you're wondering was all on my face
it was weird spot under my eye and the
scratch here oh my god yesterday I was
so annoyed about a sisterhood so for
cuddling the dogs and I haven't put my
kiss yet and I like I went I was like
scratching my face like this and then
someone came to the door and the dogs
went nuts and maybe jump and I scratched
my own face your own what an idiot
Pinkie Pie no one which you summer
pretty
like you waiting for
eggs somehow I don't think going to get
any eggs this is my Immaculate Lee
well-presented breakfast as you guys can
tell got some blueberry skeer which is
Icelandic yogurt in case you're
wondering basically just like higher in
protein and lower in fat and I've got
some blueberries to go in blueberry
orbit and I have some green juice and an
espresso and then Mike has made himself
fried eggs on toast can often make me
any of those issues how really tomayto
feels like we're moving house again guys
is our bedroom currently and then
everything there's a lot of artistry
as you can see we have some very sexy
green carpet some even more sexy greeny
blue carpet and more brownie yellowy
carpets I also wanted to show you this
room as well guys because this is the
first room where like properly
redecorating and some of you might have
seen some Instagram stories because I
put it up piglets barking a crazy person
I put it up on there a few months ago
basically all of this furniture in here
that's going to be coming out today
because there's a new carpet going down
is our old bedroom furniture because it
doesn't go in our new room and I love it
so what we're doing in here the carpet
is going that a dog we stay in yep it is
this is why we're getting rid of this
carpet so this carpets going like a kind
of topi neutral kind of color the
curtains are staying I absolutely love
these curtains so much and love them
this is getting stripped off and it is
going this color which this is only one
coat but this is the same color we had
in our bedroom our old house and then
the woodwork is also going white because
at the moment is cream so yeah that is
the before four-in-hand I can't wait to
do it this is like my favorite room in
the whole house I prefer it to our
bedroom but this else he doesn't have
like the big ensuite bathroom the
bathroom next door is really small and
doesn't have a shower so this is not our
room but it is my favorite
gastrea we have some seriously shiny new
carpet guys I have been hoovering and
getting everything back in this room but
it's looking the likes of that crazy
actually they're looking so much better
already
fresh carpet and then in here I mean
look at all of this fluff all over the
hallway oh my god this blue is going
eventually by the way guys just not yet
and then this it's in our dressing room
of what a lot of food ring to do but
it's so much better than green yeah you
could just spent last how long might be
two hours two hours two very lives is
here behind me we have stuff and we have
just come in here my hoovering okay is
all over the shop this is Mike supering
can you even believe it Mike you Hoover
like you mow in stripes what you're
pretty amazing but yeah if you guys
remember my cinema room from probably
Mike's in my room so Mike Oh from
Instagram I've shown it a few times call
the posters and now it has carpet sorry
now we also need to put all the
furniture back in here great yes yes yes
this is definitely an improvement and
this one didn't want to put carpet in
here are you wrong about my movie
morning guys I'm in the car today as
many off to tell I'm on the way to the
gym it is Wednesday morning Mike's not
with me say he normally come to see our
personal trainer together we not even we
comes with me we normally go together
whatever but he's hurt his calf I think
he said Mike's always had something and
so I go today
check me out a super organized this
morning cut some fruit to my water and
look like a proper healthy person
actually makes it taste nicer it does
actually but the bad news is I think
I've kind of hurt my back because last
night after collapsing on the really
company so far I got up and was like oh
so I'm hoping it's not gonna be a
problem as you guys know or may not know
you don't watch my logs a lot I have a
few back issues but I basically think it
was like hoovering the whole house and
like you know when you have a new carpet
and if you guys know but there's so much
fluff you have to get like the nozzle
and get right into edges to get it up
and so I was basically like on my hands
and knees like all bent over doing that
so they never hurt my back from doing
that and lifting all the furniture back
into the room so fingers crossed just
temporary because we do not want another
back booklet that yeah let's go work out
this one is seriously unimpressed with
me right now because I've just had a
shower and I've just washed her in the
shower as well and she's had a teeth
brushed when you go in hey teeth brushed
washed and brushed everything moister
brushed hey the unis drop you made a bit
of a stroke how are you
oh you forgive me now she literally
wouldn't even look at me ten minutes ago
you're gonna smell so fresh you will
good morning guys okay we're not very
very early it's like oh and we're on our
way and therefore we are going if they
are going Lake Como with my family
everyone is here we're going in convoy
to the airport and flying out Malhar
apple and then we have like an hour
drive so
we their first week certain things over
there serving Friday Saturday and Sunday
and I am excited to get enfranchisement
how about you top of the pillars 12 up
the farm attack we've just got to our
Airbnb and it is so unbelievably
beautiful here we're staying in Tourneau
which is on the east side of Lake Como
and we've got this amazing old watch
tower that's been extended and just look
at this view it is incredible
absolutely stunning they're just amazing
outdoor like look at this table and
there's a Jacuzzi up there this is mine
and Mike's room which I should probably
go and I think might actually I think
Mike's sleeping on a bed with this pad
so they won't be very happy if I go in
there it's just stunning here and we're
here with the whole of Mike family which
is really exciting because you don't get
to come away together very often so yeah
just excited to spend some time with
those guys and just to be in Italy with
all the food all the carbs all the carbs
Mike's really sociable today are you
ready for boating
check out the sitting room here guys
it's so cool like that super modern like
James Bond villain lair that I could
never actually maintain in my own house
but it looks super slick and it is a
beautiful day especially a little bit
cloudy but this will go only like 10
o'clock so meant to be really sunny
today this is a pretty perilous route
down to the car we have people right for
where this yeah I do not so for me we've
come to a little village to rent the
boat and there could be swans down here
guys they were both doing this a minute
ago but they've been like picking bit
I'm not entirely sure then we'll see
I thought the firmly they were drinking
the water but that wouldn't make sense I
think they're like picking bits of like
algae or something off the side of this
little forceful and watching them for a
few minutes we are in a beautiful garden
over the car so we came here last time
watching and it's so nice just walk
around look at this clue so nice I could
with it if generally then I think I've
been moving it's just about ignite looks
like flowers guys are amazing
those ones at the top on my face like
blue and purple hydrangeas I drink
knowledge because I had my wedding day
did you know I did I didn't had white
ones though some green fingers going
your gardening as no one ever gives us
just throwing out there look I know this
is putting you to shame we've made some
new friends
apparently they buy this look at them so
cute oh my goodness guys so vlogging
fail for the past 48 hours I got ill on
holiday basically I got really bad cold
weather away actually thought it was flu
because I properly
had like a temperature I was shivering I
was aching all over like proper like flu
symptoms but I feel much better today
which is day 3 so the flu usually lasts
like a week
this has been much shorter so yeah and
you can tell by the way look it's not
been a great couple of days and what was
time to get a love and on holiday I feel
like I must have caught it on the plane
maybe but we were in horrible day for
three days
so like ruined the last day of my
holiday getting home yesterday was awful
like my whole body was aching and all I
wanted to do was to be in bed and I had
to get on the plane and go to an airport
you know when you like check out at 10
a.m. and I was like was at 5:30 so it
was literally like oh but yeah we're
home now I got home at about 8 o'clock
8:30 last night and we made some honey
and lemon so these guys hey hey did you
have a good weekend
my friend Lily's been staying with them
did you have fun with Lily yeah hmm
little one and squeege high school you
know today is going to be the last day
of this little weekly vlog I feel like
it's been a little bit haphazard here
and there but yeah so I'm home can have
some breakfast I'm going for my post I'm
just taking it easy today today is
Monday but I'm taking it slow because I
still feel pretty rough I feel much
better I thought I would today but still
feel a bit delicate these two helping a
lot Asian some lemon and hot water and
manuka honey my throat my catchy maid
service is all set up from last night it
might made some lost like people but
like one slice of lemon and then like a
tiny bit of honey and loads of water and
it was like not good so going to show
how it's done sometimes guys only crunch
you not make everything feel better yes
I'm coconut milk yes yes yes the post
opening time this is post for 3 days one
more just arrived and I finally tied in
my office like I haven't been able to
see the whole floor in here in a long
time and now yeah there is more stuff a
few exciting things arrived this week
and the first one is the Urban Decay
Naked heat palette which doesn't come
out until the end of July but they're
having like a sneak sale preview today
when I film this so it'll be gone by the
time the city
those up but this looks really nice like
super warm palette really like the look
of that a couple of new things from
Clarins including two new into light lip
sectors excited for those the nude your
addict lip tattoos this stuff's going to
be in my new in July so I'm not going to
show you too much but these are very
nice as well so got four colors of those
to try they're on my hands lip stain and
then the new pop-tastic jo Malone
collection how cute are these they're
not new sense they're orange blossom and
I think she burrows Angelica yeah but
they're really cute love that's bright
today I didn't finish my blog yesterday
so we're going to finish it today we're
off to London together today we're
climbing something exciting can tell you
what it is yeah but you'll find out soon
and we will see you soon hey guess what
