good morning guys welcome back to my
Saturday today I am currently cooking
brunch it's actually quite late feel
like it's it's nearly twelve o'clock I
think that might be my mum yeah there's
my mum hi hon a minute so anyway as I
was saying before my mum rang me I'm
cooking brunch so I'm doing like a three
egg each scrambled a six egg scramble
for me and Mike and that is all then
we're gonna eat it because it's Saturday
and we've been lazy and we stayed in
mental at half past ten which is really
really late for me
normally I am up at like mmm seven ish
or something like that but yeah really
naughty it felt really good though we
had the dogs were just cuddling it was
good nice good opportunity to chill out
and now I'm gonna make the eggs oMG I
started eating mine before I had blogged
it rookie MDF got two pieces of toast
it's got a man's portion have you been
tinkering with mini outside I've been
cleaning it's a solid tinkling is to
follow up quite a bit to these people
only adding little nuts and bolts and
stuff mm-hmm
they're psycho start don't speak with
your mouth full
mmm-hmm so I'm now joined by my lovely
friend Kelly and we are off on a mini
adventure literally we're in the mini
and we're taking it with my mum's we're
not actually go really far but let's
hope we don't break down Mike's been
tinkering with it all weekend and has
added spark plugs and coils and things
like that I don't know what they do but
hopefully they make it work a bit better
let's see it has like the worst turning
circle in the world
I don't even think we're gonna make it
oh my god you haven't even made it up
the driveway it's gonna take a while
hey how's the tech officially has the
worst sounding sofa in the world here we
go here we go
we're gonna wait we're going now I just
have to not hit your car the cool
interior have a look at all this
interior like let's go whoa someone's
commandeered my vehicle mom used to have
one of these how old were you mom
17 oh my god yeah who was going back in
time are you taking it gonna get around
the barn pace be hey they come and the
racing mobile so it just got back home
to a delightful looking afternoon tea
which is apparently courtesy of Jack
here who has arrived who's currently
sporting a beard you're getting quite
the fan club online by the way Jay have
you seen it in the in the comments in my
videos so yeah and we've got some
chocolate cake got some red velvet
apparently there's hot cross buns and
crumpets nice crumpet the mini is
driving like a dream like Marmite yes
it's so fun best car ever which had the
windows open hence my hair is like with
a look at the view you guys this is such
a mess
right now me and Kenny were actually in
Kelly's car now that the boys are in the
car behind us
for in the slide wagon and we are going
from up here our frequencies house
McGary she's been so good all day a
jackhammer would like off-duty Cates
shouldn't have any commitment healthy
eating I ate a read going up cake
we've got major barbecue action going on
right now yes baby probably the last one
of the year because it's gonna be cold
after tonight apparently struggling to
keep my eyes open right now I actually
fell asleep in the car on the way home
because Jack drove and we had a really
nice evening though it was really cool
we had a good barbecue and probably the
last one of the year I reckon maybe
because it's yeah and the harvest going
to bed now I'll see you in the morning
good bye good morning guys I am on my
way right now to pick up a photographer
and Gareth my hairdresser bad hair
situation going on right now because
today I'm doing a shoot for Cosmopolitan
magazine OMG
really excited
