good morning guys I am on my way right
now to pick up a photographer and Gareth
my hairdresser bad hair situation going
on right now because today I'm doing a
shoot for Cosmopolitan magazine OMG
really excited I yeah I'm trying to the
train station to pick them up let's go
so it's got a little hair salon going on
on the kitchen table Gareth is I feel
like you're like and he's gonna sort
this mop out basically this is my hair
when it dries naturally needs a bit
fluffy it's a bit flat at the top as
well and yeah I got some music going on
having a good time heard on your
breakfast yeah my kids Mac she's hanging
out in the area here is very much
improved hairstyle
I feel like super glam right now got the
volume going on got the waves gonna take
some pictures piglet thinks that
everything in the world revolves around
her life of a dog so everyone's gone now
the shoot actually went really well and
the pictures came out so well I was
really really happy with them I didn't
really film any of it because I don't
know how much I'm like allowed to say
about it but it will hopefully be out in
I think November issue it might be
December I think it's November and yes
now I've just been editing my video and
I'm actually gonna run into town to meet
up with my friend Becky to go for a
coffee because I haven't seen her since
my launch and I barely got to speak to
her at lunch either the doggies are
chilling out because they actually had
quite the morning squidge was the
superstar of the photoshoot she was in
most of the photos weren't you squish
because you're the most well-behaved and
so beautiful
we tried to get piggy in them too but
she was like yeah whatever I do my own
thing
haha I am off to see the Wizard my phone
just buzzed The Wonderful Wizard of
Becky
my untouched coffee I like fingers got a
waiting for Bexar I actually just bought
a new diary because my one is starting
to get really scraggly but it also
doesn't have enough space and I've been
like struggling to like actually you
have space in it so I got this one which
has like a whole page on the side there
it's bigger as well and then it has a
whole page for notes because I like to
write to do this in my like daily things
and then just messes everything up I
thought this is good
whilst I'm waiting I'm gonna fill in all
the stuff I have which might take longer
but I'm gonna start so I found this
hooligan we've just been catching up
over coffee
the last week has been pretty eventful
weird not speaking now Fraser I know
we're going to go to the home section
since we're old now we don't like
fashion section I really good it's
really good in here cuz it's like a sale
store and they let everything I bought
those come out there I need one of those
that's where the mini cuz the mini
stinks the old mini stick look who's
arrived oh it's you buddy seeing you
here we are you here have you had a nice
afternoon I've been tinkering tinkering
with the mini did you break it sold the
misfire so
Mendel
you're mowing the lawn we are in my room
I'm not a botanist I remember
mushroom burger is controversial I think
it sounds good look portobello mushroom
is all focused portobello mushroom with
goat cheese roasted pepper baby spinach
tomato red onion and I Oh Lee OMG the
foods arrived as she went for salads
environ which is like something's I
don't know where this thing ever and
this is why you're always winning if you
like gherkins
and you come to fight with my you just
like when it trying to beat you never
leave your face down
we also got some mac and cheese and
light golf right good morning everyone
welcome to the 27th of August today Mike
and I are sitting down to Adelaide for
breakfast Mike's just cooked me a but I
didn't even know this was happening I
was getting ready to film 10:00
I've got more makeup on than I
