good morning everyone welcome to the
27th of August today Mike and I are
sitting down to a delightful breakfast
Mike's just cooked me eggs but I didn't
even know this was happening I was
getting ready to film 10 I've got more
makeup on than I would normally have at
9:30 on a Thursday morning so yeah I'm
getting ready to film today and that is
what is happening it's also Hannah's
birthday so we're going to do some fun
stuff for that - oMG I have not vlog all
morning because I've been filming I
actually managed to film a boots haul
which is going up tomorrow and then my
monthly favorites just going off on
Monday and then a couple of other things
which are like coming up soon so in
total I think it felt like four videos
today got it done it is now 12 I feel
like so flustered it's now 12:30 I'm
heading to get my eyebrows done because
actually they don't look too bad
but they require a lot of filling in
here in here because I've gone really
blonde so I'm getting them died and HD
brow basically so like thread it and wax
and plucked and died and trimmed and
made magical again and then I go I also
have to take like a load of dry cleaning
so I'm going there's my pile of dry
cleaning
there's my sister's birthday present
which is wrapped up in spite of my
wrapping paper because Mike went
shopping yesterday to get wrapping paper
for spikes birthday present and only
bought spider-man who's I can wrap
Hannah's up in spider-man yeah so and
then I also have to go to the post
office because it's my other friend's
birthday I have her present there which
isn't that obvious I need to because I
didn't want to wrap up in spite I need
to get some wrapping paper and go to the
post office post that I also have like
scissors and sellotape because I come
prepared and then I'm gonna try and make
it to my sister's birthday lunch what
she's doing with my mum they're actually
starting at half one which is when I'm
having my brows down so I'm gonna be at
least 45 minutes late for it but I'm
hoping I can join on the coffee at the
end basically my mum misheard me when I
said I've got my appointment at 1:30 and
she said she thought that I said I'd be
done by 1:30 so she's booked at 1:30 so
I'm gonna try and make it and I normally
would cancel but they charge you because
it's less than 24 hours and
couldn't change it so yes that's what's
happening either go now goodbye goodbye
flustered yes and we're a rapid-fire
wrapping paper mission right now in
supermarket and it doesn't look like
they have any wrapping paper
they must its dry-cleaning to it oh the
excitement the dry-cleaning notice time
for the brows one brow can you guys do
that I just end up looking really I've
arrived just in time to come for the end
of the lunch with Hannah's spider-man
present I really hope she's gonna like
it's actually addressed from
self-portrait that I got on the Outernet
so I'm excited I really think it's so
Hannah I think she's going to love it
this is what is going on for lunch I
have a fried duck egg with asparagus it
looks very tasty I'm here with the
birthday girl herself 21 again okay we
are dog walking right now and I'm
vlogging on my phone because I left my
memory card in my card reader
I brought my blog camera on the walk but
I forgot the memory card I do that so
often it sucks it's actually a really
nice evening but it's really cold it's
been really sunny earlier today and you
know when it's like just been really
clear and beautiful yeah we had we did
have a massive rain shower but look at
this guy now
blue skies baby hello
word up how cool does this look word up
the sky word up the doors
word up MDF this looks really weird
something about this is like it looks
like a very strange is real I promise
it's not green-screen
this is what happens when piglet goes
walkabout in the nettles and mike has to
run after her and grab her before she
disappears for two hours it looks like
something out of Jurassic Park right now
but it's out of piglet park basically
she is the naughtiest dog in the world
Mike is currently negotiating his way
through 5000 million stinging nettles
and piglet is like oh yes thank you very
much carry me delightful delightful she
was going up the hill into these bushes
which basically you can't get to it
unless you're like
mountain climbing so yeah I might call
her about there and brought her back
she's such a naughty dog squidge is like
oh what's going on what's the big
problem what's the problem
did you get a song oh no piglet and this
is the sulky walk home because mike has
basically kind of trained piglet when
she's in trouble she has to walk behind
him
she should walk behind him at all points
but yeah this is what happens when
you're a naughty dog pick a wiggle we're
currently on our way to the pub to have
dinner with Hannah and Dan and math
Hannah's birthday but almost didn't
happen there's been a major drama
Matt's facetiming us it's connecting
he's lonely there because he drives way
too fast so yeah we are going and it
would seem that I have a delightful
plate of scallops with black fillings
evening Hannah
the birthday girls his second meal out
in a row look at this delightful fish
it's a delightful dead fish down here as
well with a pizza the focus is so slow
the pizza Carnaby's matches here with
the lamb shank shank shank of the lassi
and mike has got large fish and chip mmm
I'll just test them to put arsenic hey
guys I forgot to finish my vlog last
night because I fell asleep I am naughty
I've got wet hair something exciting is
happening today so if you want to know
what it is come back for tomorrow's vlog
which is actually today see you then bye
hey guys welcome to the 26th of august
today I am waking up in Edinburgh I
thought we'd do a quick outfit of the
day for you all before I head to
breakfast this is what I'm wearing if I
can put it in focus
