hey guys welcome to the 26th of August
today I am waking up an enema I thought
we'd do a quick outfit of the day
for you all before I head to breakfast
this is what I'm wearing if I can put it
in focus I'm wearing the skirt from ASOS
and to be honest I really love the style
of these escapes but does anyone else
find them super annoying if you have a
suede one especially like when you sit
down they like obviously wrinkle up like
that but then because they're suede they
don't like go back so I feel like they
need like a zip on the inside or
something to like keep them straight so
when you like bend over and stuff they
don't end up I don't know anyway
annoying but I do love this this skirt
actually looks like it sustained it's
not as just the shadows and then I have
all this little crop top underneath from
Topshop just like an Aztec II style crop
top then I have on a white shirt from
Zara black leggings because or black
tights even because even though it's
August it's still freaking cold and my
forever 21 boots and yeah I'm gonna get
some breakfast right now I've been
watching some Netflix this morning
whilst I've been getting ready and I'm
actually watching Gotham which has the
guy that used to play Ryan in the OC
economy his actual name he has been
something it's actually really good I'm
really enjoying it obviously it's based
around like Batman kind of like like the
history behind that so anyway I'm really
enjoying it gonna go get some eggs now
cuz that I'm hungry
let's go welcome to the ultimate YouTube
channel might speak to us probably stand
out as things that only go under balls
in my content is very different in terms
of it's very quite a lot more personal
and I don't think it it does have a
place on TV Amy is very different
determine the actual genre and content
itself difference what you see on TV but
I think it depends on like making as
opposed to before so just finished in
panel which went well I'm actually now
running off to catch a flight back home
it's been short and very sweet I haven't
got to vlog much today because I'm
actually oh how many stairs that I come
down on the way up here I think it's
this one because it's actually been like
really kind of like behind seems like
it's not like really vlog bull material
but yeah so it went well and I'm never
gonna go try and find the room where my
bag is he can't see me bad news was that
I didn't actually anything off for
breakfast in it is now 10 plus 4 I'm
super hungry the good news is there's a
sushi in Adam Airport and I am currently
filling up on especially me
YUM my could be very jealous right now
he's actually at Legoland I don't know
if I mentioned earlier today they were
wanting Legoland just like Smith
birthday which I missed out on and I was
very sad to family because I know
there's like a like a good but County
has been raining all day and they've
been sending me pictures let me show you
this picture of them all in bright
yellow Poncho's which is hilarious but
they look like they're having a good
time I'm starting to miss out on this
isn't a cute shot this is looking like
onto another flight so I go another day
another airplane back in the car with
this one I swear I thought I fell asleep
for two seconds and they're like we're
now landing same time is my train to
London
that's what's mental and we're now on
our way to my mum's house just right
birthday party it's currently a p.m.
in basic today we despite that his first
ever like from roller coaster on a log
flume Thursday community is so funny
because I need your cell they showed the
guys there at the of the picture showed
these guys the picture view in your
progress everything is to your passing
and hopefully because there's little
ones but we'll still definitely be
awakened a very little ones they
probably had enough sugar to still be
awake dad's house it was really funny in
the Carlo about your brothers
I made it just in time for the party but
it looks like I left the cake battle
that went down and spikes birthday cake
it was a fort with soldiers on their
hand chokolate fingers what flavor is it
Han is it like sponge Oh strawberry and
vanilla strawberry and vanilla cake
these guys look like they had a hard
time like those super soakers were for
spike yeah wait you have these too okay
I like your t-shirt by the way I bought
that for you and you don't like it so
I'm glad you're wearing it so I'm back
home now and I'm sitting on the sofa in
full tracksuit I've got my wild fox
jumper on and my tracky buns a full
bottle of San Pellegrino because I feel
really dehydrated and thirsty and I love
sparkling water and I'm just starting up
this book which I actually got when I
was in the airport
it's called gone but not forgotten and
it sounds really creepy up hello
I've also got a little fluffy piglet
come over a cuddle have I hello hello Oh
kisses from the pig kisses from the pig
with the stinkiest breath squidge is
having some mega love with Mike and
tricky well be be behind as well Oh
baby's hair as well hello chick ham
resides
where's Carla and he's outside when are
you for coming in the driveway
in the middle of the driveway yes that
is what's going on this is the situation
now
piglet the wiglet nourish Naugle part a
snuggle pot you are hmm yes it is
officially snooze time we're heading to
bear's gonna catch them Dead's and I'll
see you all in the morning
I can't believe Lagos is nearly over
this year has gone faster than any other
year of my life I don't know why but
it's been insane in the brain goodbye
insane in the membrane slash brain bye
bye good morning everybody
welcome to today today I am super duper
super excited that I'm home for half a
day I'm actually going to Edinburgh this
afternoon excuse me
