good morning everybody welcome to today
today I am SuperDuper duper excited that
I'm home for half a day I'm actually
going to Edinburgh this afternoon
excuse me I get in trouble for
encouraging the brattiness but look at
these on the side this Spike's birthday
the day after tomorrow tomorrow and this
is what mike has bought him this is what
happens when you leave a boy in charge
of buying boys birthday presents they
buy things that girls hate but it's a
boy he's not a girl
Oh WUF I think he's gonna do with these
it's so cute
he's gonna come and soak me with you're
not here to get so first help either
guess whatever
can you recommend these dude did you buy
wrapping paper yeah and can you buy some
copies I'm back to walking the dogs in
the countryside I actually haven't
walked them in so long on my own it
feels so good doesn't it Piggly Wiggly
and hopefully this little one has not
run off yet although it looks like she's
hotfooting it up there now look at those
pom-poms so I'm now in the car with Mike
on the way to the airport yes
I'm gonna miss you my friend only a day
love only a day and you know what it's
stupid rubbish rainy miserable day again
look at this guys what is going on it's
still August everyone come ah it looks
to me like summer has officially got I'm
hoping he might come back in like
September October you never know
probably not we didn't have a really
good October last year that was it last
year it's like super sad like a heat
wave in October surprise surprise I have
found the shops in the airport shopping
the app was like I never really buy
anything but I always want to do it just
like the best time killer oMG guys that
is a pretty small claim and it's
chucking it down with rain once again
I'm going on another plane glorious
weather England's nice work I've made it
to Edinburgh Airport actually got really
scared when I go on the flight because
the pilot was like it's gonna be really
bad to evidence today guys like when she
keep your seatbelts on all times like oh
my god it was tiny playing it's actually
fine I was like no turbulence asshole
and now I am waiting for my driver but
is apparently the traffic coming out of
everybody is crazy because of the
festival will obviously the end of the
festival and the TV festival as well so
I'm just gonna sit and do some editing
that is all for the updates I'm all
seeking to decide which I actually got
when I was in can god when was that last
time I was vlogging so it would have
been in June yeah
and I haven't really used it much time
that it's so much it's like me I love
all the detail on it I'm hoping it's in
focus cause actually can't see anything
when it's turned this way yeah it's from
Zara if anyone is wondering we've
arrived at my room I checked in I
thought it would do a room tour it's not
particularly exciting here's the bed
yeah standard desk I've got a little TV
action going we've got some biscuits ate
one of those already yeah guilty totally
guilty got some chairs windows I don't
think there's a particularly great view
out the window no there is particularly
pants view out the window but at least
we got some blue sky going on and then
the bathroom is up here and it looks
like this the bathroom is actually nicer
than the room weirdly and then here's my
outfit from today I am wearing my River
Island jacket that I got in like
February was obsessed with work loads
stopped wearing it for ages and then
I've just rediscovered at H&M t-shirt
Topshop jeans and forever 21 boots and
then I have also been carrying my bag
that I was raving about earlier still
raving about it makes me want a Chanel
boy really bad but they're like 3 grand
and this was not very expensive well I
should Sarek was quite expensive things
about 100 pounds but it is real leather
but yeah not as expensive as Chanel but
my room service dinner has arrived it
looks amazing but it smells so fishy I
swear my room is gonna stink after this
it's roasted hake with mussels and it's
got sweet corn and I think it has like
it's not scallop I don't know it's got a
lots of good tasty looking stuff in it
so this is happening right now
Lissie is here on FaceTime and I've just
got the full tour she's just moved house
and I've just got the full tour of her
house is pretty epic I don't like I love
this it's like we're on some kind of
like girls night in
it's flog ception but it's basically
like having girls night in chat when
we're both on our own we're so lonely
right see you later
say goodbye to the vlog I totally fell
asleep last night I forgot to finish my
vlog actually fell asleep with all the
lights on as well so I ended up just
like waking up in the middle of the
night like oh I was really bright so yes
see you guys tomorrow
which is actually today morning guys
today is the 24th of August which is
actually my cognized wedding anniversary
so I snuck downstairs and I'm gonna cook
him some breakfast in bed I'm hoping he
reacts well because sometimes when you
cooking breakfast in bed
he's like but I don't want to get up yet
