morning guys today is the 24th of August
which is actually my cognized wedding
anniversary so I snuck down the stairs
and I'm gonna cook him some breakfast in
bed I'm hoping he reacts well because
sometimes when he's cooking breakfast in
bed he's like boom time I don't want to
get up good it's about seven o'clock it
allows you to go for half sentence I
feel like if I take him to breakfast in
bed around about when his alarm goes off
it will be better and I've also got him
a card look how cool this card is all it
says now listen here you're a delight so
very delightful
he always says delightful worse since we
were born
I'm gonna can't read that likewise has
absolutely no doubt it's the truth there
we go I'm sure you both really yes
that's his car it's not technically an
anniversary card but I thought it was
good for him I've also got him some
cufflinks engraved with his initials now
really stupidly I got these made for his
30th birthday which is in like 10 days
time and he was like we're not doing
presents this year not doing anniversary
presents we're not doing anything and
yesterday I was like so we're not doing
presents right and he's like well well
maybe I was like oh my god so I'm gonna
give him these for an anniversary
present I should have thought in for
another first for present anyway really
because the reason why I got them was
when we got married we got them for all
of the ushers just plain silver like
flat oval cufflinks with their initials
engraved on them and I like just didn't
really think could we do it together I
didn't really think about the fact that
Mike might want some so he didn't have
any and he had two words old cufflinks
laughing day this is the kind of stuff I
bought him these cool like I bought him
shoes that were like
tattooed with his initials on the
wedding day I thought of that I'm
getting nothing but like I just totally
did not think about cufflinks so I've
got my minoz and I'm gonna take them up
surprising the doctor up there already
here it is even on a springer spaniel
Trey yeah I'm going to take this up to
him now fingers crossed he is not to
grab things so I'm ready to go now and I
think if MDF gets out of the car fast
enough he and puts all the stuff from
the car in to the bin which he's now
doing he's gonna come and do an outfit
of the day for me
yeah I am off to London today I've got
one two three meetings and then I'm also
going for lunch with somebody you may
know shows what it is think come on
sharpen up from River Island I got these
back in like feel like it's probably
February time I have worn them in ages I
really like them together
oh that's so February style so like five
months ago sometime seven months ago and
I have my Prada bag my Topshop jeans and
my Topshop boots boots with the fur or
without the without the third um and
that is it let's go just go Station
three say your legs I thought my eggs
were quite delightful I mean delicious
yeah delectable it was delectable mm-hmm
so word fair enough okay making it worse
when I delectable they were wonderous
wondrous happy anniversary bears my
darling so I am at lunch now I have had
a pretty crazy morning I've been to a
couple of meetings and both of them ran
over and then
when one off this actually got cancelled
just quite is a good thing kind of a bad
thing but it just ended up being like a
totally hectic day I am in Balthazar
right now in comic garden with my
friends and we are having some lunch
I've got mussels and fries and steaks
I'm a little bit jealous I have to say
it's like one of my favorite I'm gonna
either I'm still hungry and I have like
some yoga coated peanuts for breakfast
because like they don't think of the
train station normally every time I go
to the train station I get a banana and
I come up there and they were out of
bananas any other fruit or any yogurt I
was like were there so you're not so
what so I just got back to the flat um I
ended up spending a little while in
Selfridges with to our chatting about
her bags and just chatting she's
actually really sweet I haven't really
hung out with her that much before we
kind of met we met a couple of times at
like various different events and stuff
and we meant to organize like getting
together for coffee for ages so we
finally didn't cool I am now unpacking
all of my coffee I've been meaning to go
buy some coffee for the past week and a
half or so since I got my little coffee
machine it's the smallest one and now I
can fill up my job I bought the other
day with all of my coffee how exciting
the things that game excited when you
have a house are not as cool as the
things that happen before well they're
pretty cool
I think so so I get the vanilla one and
then I also get the caramel one they're
my two favorites so I got like 30 of
each of those and then I also get these
ones which are the rosa buyer ones which
to be honest I started going them
because they have I'll show you guys
they have like really pretty like rosy
colored capsules which I'm not obviously
not biased because of the color yeah
sure no I do actually really like these
ones and then I also got some arpeggio
ones which are like the stronger ones
usually it's like my mum that has these
ones so yes I'm gonna put them all in
there and there we have it the full jar
I'm actually gonna take some of them
home as well because I think we're
almost out of homes I'm gonna take one
of each home
I didn't show you guys my mom actually
bought me this back from Portugal which
i think is the cutest thing it's like a
little box of biscuits but it actually
has a piglet dog on the side like that
is piglet you haven't opened it yet to
try the biscuits but piglet in Paris and
that could be me probably not doesn't
get anything like me it could be like
Coco Chanel Audrey Hepburn or someone
like that but they have piglet whoever
they are they stole piglet from me and
took her to Paris okay guys so um I've
just got back home I've had the weirdest
one not home in the car I've had the
weirdest weirdest journey home I just
met this lady on the train and just had
a really you know how like nobody on
trains or in London talks to anyone
anymore so had this really in-depth
hour-long conversation with this lady
called Claire on the phone on the train
not on the phone on the train all about
her life and she's a poet and a creative
writer and she's making all these films
and then she was asking about what I did
so I was telling about what I did and
then I went to get off the train and I
met a girl who started up a fashion
brand who was like oh my god are you a
blogger roll around asking me about like
PR and stuff because she'd just been
with a meeting with the guys that did my
PR I just this whole thing is weird okay
and then I walk outside and I'm like
looking for Mike and like other trainers
like 15 minutes to later he's still not
here where is his car oh my god can't
see him anywhere and then he sticks his
head out of this mini mini old mini
graves and he's like happy anniversary
so Mike for my anniversary how do we get
out has bought me an old Mini this is
like a dream you guys know how obsessed
I am with minis look at this is the
coolest thing in the world
it's mini it's literally a mini mini
mini in the world and it's red I love it
so much on my first mini the first
minute I ever had when I was like 19 was
red as well and I've always always
wanted an old mini so now I have an old
mini you're the best husband in the
world
I literally didn't know what to say I
was like
best husband officially in the world I
don't know we're really late are we
driving watch out baby I'm around in my
old school Mini Cooper
okay so we're currently on those first
drive of an old old Mini what do you
think it's pretty rad it's fun I mean
it's got its own quick somebody see that
lights not working therefore that dial
nor that dial there and we've got like a
few little minor issues we've got a bit
of a misfire which I've got a fix I
think that's a steely new little bumble
'mobile mini adventure could you being
fancy happy anniversary I got some
scallops to start which look good in the
InFocus micro chicken-livered Jason
pretty good the main course has arrived
I went for place with potted shrimp that
a lot of blisters and samphire which is
one of my favorite things ever and
chickpeas and they've got a steak with
the fattest chips in the world it's
totally out of focus now in focus in the
world guys that's gonna be it's not I
fell asleep on the sofa with Piggott
like snuggle round my neck it was the
most likely thing in the world I love
that dog to pieces
I'll see you guys in the morning I'm
going to Scotland again two years maybe
two years we made it two years
we're still alive I will kill each other
yet and to celebrate so why not
let's rewatch our wedding video
