good morning beautiful people today Mike
and I today the hunt I have a little bit
more awake than I was last night and
that's for sure
did you do not see vlogging last I
haven't watched that don't know we're on
the hunt for some food
yes we are Mike behind warning and I am
off to see my friend James remember in
my video I mentioned he got me a
chocolate making cause I actually saw
James at the launch as you guys will
have seen him getting eyelash spider I
forgot about that and I think it's like
the first time I've seen him twice in a
week in a very long time especially this
morning sorry very strange day yes
that's what's happening this morning
I've asked wallpaper London Bridge so
I'll show you the view it is a beautiful
day today like amazingly sunny
apparently it's gonna be 30 degrees woof
woof it's fair to say London Bridge is a
not too shabby this morning you can see
Tower Bridge pretty epic you the Thames
is sparkling even if it is dirty in
brown a nice skinny latte and some
banana bread yeah so just come out about
your play experience James there we
a foot taller than me so if I yeah
and it was pretty fun it is long in
there your people would have been
majorly awkward but we have chocolate
shows your your bar of chocolate cocoa
bean bean Oh the bean too
bah bah so that was very fun we're now
gonna go and explore monk I don't know
if you guys remember before Christmas
one of these guys follow me around
London I said they must be a bit
embarrassed right now go to Zara market
like sorry
yeah and they had sold out of the
doughnuts that we were trying to find so
we're gonna go and find these sense
doughnuts and take my back oMG look at
the donuts creme brulee
oh no creme caramel salted honeycomb
we've been trying all the tweezers look
at this one
that looks smelly I'm good I cannot buy
any cheese if I will just eat all the
cheese I'm gonna have all the cheese in
the world
Prince seafood heaven right now oh we're
getting a few oysters for lunch look at
the size of these guys there was add
they're not and they're not full now
Albert they were as an oyster in there
once upon a time the world's best oyster
the biggest so I just got back and look
what's arrived the first piece of
furniture whoo-hoo
no more sleeping on the floor never
sleeping on the floor mikemaya currently
in the deepest darkest Jenner of the
dungeon when restaurant calls 21 in
Congo
early happy hour and first thing on the
happy hour menu at brawl sprint in
society so we actually moved from the
deepest darkest depths of the basement
into common square and beautiful got a
amazing looking Caesar salad going on
right now but some also this James has
got pizzas Mike Scott is that even legal
yeah if you got the matching matching
salads with extra anchovies it's all
about the extra anchovies so we're
running a little bit late well we're
like perfectly on time which is not
really good as to go for it is it to be
there but we're here now we've just
raced our way across Leicester Square
and hopefully we'll be back and I'm in
my PJs and I want to say good night you
guys
we had such a fun night it's really fun
going to the theater home been in ages
and the booking one was really hilarious
it was really good and all right there
now I would say I'm your sibling many
awards yeah they're looking at SATs been
so hot today it was really nice to spend
time with James and Izzy and we went for
a little drink offers and had an
espresso martini now I'm gonna get into
bed into actual bed I'm not on the floor
woohoo see you tomorrow good morning
everyone welcome to the 21st of August
today the ring
tactually because i have been editing
this morning and medicine they get ready
with me that i filmed from my launch
party and then i'm getting my head on
this afternoon so i thought about two
hours before I need to go I'm still in
my
