good morning everyone welcome to the
21st of August today it's already hot
must actually because I have been
editing this morning and better SEMA get
ready with me that I filmed from my
launch party and then I'm getting my
head on this afternoon it's all about
two hours before I need to go I'm still
in my PJs I have no makeup on and I'm
gonna get this done I'm looking for
music finding music for the background
videos is so hard and it takes so much
longer than people think because you
have to listen to like a load of
different tracks where you find
something so very boring but if I get it
done in time then I'm gonna have a fun
afternoon and getting my hair done with
my friend Gareth and then going out for
drinks with Mike and Jack and hopefully
ours as well and anyone else we can find
in London so yes today should be a good
day I'm so excited for Mike to come down
to London I feel like doing a dance
maybe I should do it all I thought was a
really quick outfit today before I leave
I can't use the mirror because it's
covered in water because I just had a
shower
but basically this is what I'm wearing
my sunglasses are from Prada and they
have like colors it's kind of
tortoiseshell and then I have all my
Topshop suede jacket I have on a various
different amount of layered necklaces
today with a few new ones you guys
recognize these two this one was
actually a gift from a subscriber at my
meetup on Tuesday I love it so much it's
from a Stella Bartlett and it's little
star so beautiful and then this is from
oliver bonus this kind of needs
straightening off a little bit and yeah
that necklace and then my top is also
from Topshop my jeans are also from
Topshop I realize I'm in like a full
Topshop outfit today
tada and yeah my shoes are from Nine
West and then I'm just taking my Prada
double bag with me as well and my laptop
and I have on very very minimal makeup
because I just finished editing my video
so I haven't a little bit of bare
minerals foundation a tiny bit of stuff
in my brows and then some Maybelline
mascara that's all I had time to put on
my face so looking a little little
different but it's okay at least it was
hang on and yes let's go I'm an eminence
right now grabbing some lunch before go
my hair done grapes
speciality grapes apparently candy heart
ones sandwich day never driving before
also looking for the poor layered salad
again sometime
this is what I'm talking about you guys
right now turn one the big one once more
one gentleman killing me I'm in the
chair right now with Gareth we're
currently painting on ground on quite
Gary it's not really a token answer
so like I said before we're gonna tone
it down and we go with more natural and
I'm feeling good about it I think it's
gonna be good I trust Karen
Gary sir black super exciting it looks
cool a bit we're done are you guys ready
to see you
I love it so much if you guys can't tell
the difference that we have over there
so it basically we have gone like back
to my natural color in the room it's
really hard to show up here and then
it's lighter it's just a lot less now
we're going to go and drink some wine or
cocktails cocktails I need some yes we
are
hi I'm about to enjoy an alcohol sprit
are you in Italy
no but I'm reminiscing about Italy me
and Gareth just like really sour but
good Friday night to find some food the
wonderful thing is that we did it on
their own little romantic wandering eye
I was no part of this and neither were
they came out in matching outfits guys
guilty guilty as charged
they think they did not get I was saying
no better are your rabies no not sure
about that but I will try and go to Mon
Denny's none of these guys have ever
been to bone daddy's before Jacobi
between oh no okay none of them have
ever been Pro notice before and it is my
favorite place to be in focus to get
ramen in London so I'm hoping the queue
is not too ridiculous because it is
exceptionally tasty own daddy's time
Cheers
cheers the minute change my shirt whoops
plastic move on right now it's just how
we roll so messy can take you anywhere
the starters have arrived we've got ribs
we've got Padron peppers they're mine
hands off hands off hands off bank Rob
heads apparently just for the boys
there's three only for the boys going
down to ramen town right now you are not
going to be disappointed with us I
recommended them together tonkotsu is
I need to vlog Mike's reaction messy
messy pups and monitoring Mike's
birthday stay FINA
oh dear this is happening right now give
them a bowl of ramen and they're up for
anything so embarrassed right now it's
not my friends
where's this cherry had come from from
three well seems like someone a bit
tired and can't cope with the wild times
help that is what we are do so Matthew
is staying over how we're gonna call it
a night
I'm sure we will see you again for
another delightful day have a very good
evening what have you good night coming
everybody I'm here with my most favorite
person in the world I would give you a
big kiss on your cheek right now but lip
gloss already company I'm off to London
yes again tomorrow afternoon coming up
beverages tonight
