good morning everybody I'm here with my
most favorite person in the world I
would give you a big kiss on your cheek
right now I've got lip loss already
bumpy I'm off to London again
afternoon coming up some beverages
delight Oh delightful
mmm how interesting their mother for the
weekend they are there's gonna be no
hound madness in London today that means
we can go for like a rock the focus is
cray-cray
it's just quickly it's great this is
where I'm going today for a picnic look
how cool this inviters it like folds up
yay
so I come out here and oh there's a
thirsty cat Oh check you out and you're
not supposed to be on there are you no
no come on off the car no horror so I
just got to London and I am gonna go and
get changed and then headed to the event
I'm so glad I wore trainers this morning
I brought my trainers with me because I
want to try and go for a run in the park
and might get six he's been doing a lot
of running recently and I feel really
left out so I'm like we run together and
be that couple that runs together in the
park be I swear I have like trapped
nerve I know if anyone else gets this
from wearing heels in the day I think
I'd like trapped a nerve in my foot and
my second toe is like still numb two
days they said like heaps going on it's
really really weird and quite
disconcerting the things we do for high
heels is it got rings that you're gonna
do a little outfit of the day before I
leave I'm wearing the same dress I wore
to the wedding the other day again
standing on the toilet because I have no
full-length mirror my Chloe bag and my
little Zara flats that I've had for ages
and they are dying a death they're so
scruffy now toilet shoes I'm at Tanya's
party right now looking at all of the
products
I'm loving Nirvana shoes he looks super
snazzy major having never kissing
so I'm gonna kiss this piece of paper
and then I'm gonna pin it on here yay so
Lily's just told me who's following me
with a bit of a good let's go hello
there are flamingos down here I've never
seen a flamingo in real life I said what
how are they how do they exist no they
looks I've never seen one before which
is chilling out with the flamingos
casual it is like a unicorn like they
shouldn't even instantly do maybe
unicron's really do exist they make
funny noises I also don't think he saw
the sign lily and I have actually just
escaped - hmmm home turns out I've never
been hit before it's amazing look at all
the stuff we're finding she's also just
moved house yeah and I don't see God's
studio to fill up with stuff so I think
this is gonna be dangerous very
dangerous just go back and I wanted to
do a really quick
oh that sounds noisy home haul pick up
hmm so noisy it's still so bare in here
focus on the books they have some really
kind of Instagram Abul hang on a minute
this is really a disaster so first of
all if you can deal with the noise I got
this tray which is like a rose gold II
octagonal tray I like this a lot I might
put this over here for the time being
or my makeup is over here at the moment
because I didn't tidy up from the other
day I need to do that yeah so that's the
tray I've got that and then I also got
these little pots which are what's
making all of the noise
yeah a bit of the disasters carry around
a bit like all the way back I just
walked so far to get back so they go in
this dish which I thought the dish was
nice anyway on so but then you can like
stack them up in there if you want you
can use them separately and I was going
to use this to store like makeup brushes
and makeup in as well because at the
moment I have I currently actually have
my makeup brushes as you can see here in
a glass and this glass should go back in
the kitchen so I can put them in there
and it's gonna look really delightful
and what I actually can do is also like
they're quite deep but I can have like
eye brushes and face brushes and then
like I lines and stuff in the end so it
was a good way of organising thing and
then I also got this picture frame which
is like a white marble picture frame
which I really like she actually had run
out of bubble wrap so I wrapped
everything up and like a million of
these plastic bags which is gonna be
really useful because I always like I
just don't have any plastic bags here
and I always need them for carrying
stuff around not very good for the
environment but I want to be used
against ative and then I got this which
is for my coffee capsules because at the
moment come down here I'm actually
keeping them in a wineglass I don't have
very many because they're just ones that
came with the coffee machine but yeah
I'm keeping them in a wineglass so now
they can go in there and I'm gonna fill
it up with coffee a little bit later now
I've just spent literally all afternoon
editing and doing accounts admin which
is the worst cutting Department
literally every time I have to do
anything to do with accounts or receipts
or bank statements or bills or keeping
things in order or organizing things I
just want to cry but yeah it's been a
pretty boring afternoon of working to be
honest but I did actually also get some
takeaway sushi from ume sushi which is
my favourite place to get like delivery
sushi from in London however I was
really hungry and I just ate it I didn't
even think about vlogging but to be
honest I eat so much sushi in vlogs you
guys see that all the time
so yeah watch some Netflix now
just generally chill out I miss Mike
really miss Mike the last couple of
weeks I've been not just in London but
just kind of away from home a lot even
when we're on holiday together it's like
still away from home and I do miss being
at home so hopefully I'm actually an
admin for a couple of days next week but
the week after that I think I'm at home
most of the week which is gonna be good
the last couple of weeks just been crazy
already really crazy
I'm gonna take my makeup off now I'm
getting to bed and then I'm gonna watch
some Netflix probably pushy little liars
because I've got back into that I
stopped watching it for a while and then
rediscovered it on Netflix blinds and
then I've like got hooked on it I'm
about halfway through series 3 so I'm
probably gonna watch some of that and
it's probably gonna be here today I hope
you guys all had a wonderful day I had a
really nice day I'll see you tomorrow
I'm getting my hair done too which I'm
so excited about look at my roots
they're really bad I know I keep that
that's not so bad it's when I go like
this and then do that that you can see
them actually want to go a little bit
darker with my hair this time which I'm
excited about so bit more towards my
natural color and then not ombre but
just like more naps on the top so I can
have lights at the end without it being
like too obvious and without getting
roots so quickly and I also needs a bit
of trim just looking a bit scraggly my
friend Gareth is doing it so that is
what is happening tomorrow I'll see you
guys then bye hey guys and welcome to
the 19th of August today I am just
getting ready to go and catch a train at
down south for a meeting that I have
today like I said yesterday I can't
really say what it is but what I can do
is take you guys along with me and talk
about what I can talk about as you may
be able to tell every side
