hey guys and welcome to the 19th of
August today I am just getting ready to
go and catch a train down south for a
meeting that I have today like I said
yesterday I can't really say what it is
but what I can do is take you guys along
with me and talk about what I can talk
about as you may be able to tell I ever
eat I cooked my hair from last night I
actually don't feel too bad I couldn't
sleep I think it's like all the
adrenaline like excitement and stuff I
was literally like oh I've got like
three hours sleep that's the best but
yeah I was loving my class so much as I
don't want to take it out I've just gone
really basic my makeup today a little
bit of foundation little bit of liquid
eyeliner a lot of mascara
literally it because I just didn't you
know when you're just like I was so
tired that was like lying there half
awake like checking my emails like I
don't want to get ready I don't want to
guarantee that ended up with like ten
minutes so and then I have on this like
two-in-one top thing which is from
warehouse my necklace which is from
j.crew and then I have hot on my jeans
are from Topshop and my shoes are
converse is let's go actually looks like
a pretty nice day and one thing I've got
to do before I leave the studio is to
water the window box because it was
almost dead when I got back and I'm not
going to back into the weekend so yeah
watering plants commences just wanted to
show you guys what a beautiful day is in
London
apparently see over the school but I can
see the blue sky and it is
okay hey guys and welcome back to my
life I feel like I haven't blogged in
ages all day is now ten plus five I'm in
the car with mdf here and he's been to
the supermarket I'm so tired I had like
eight loads of emails to apply to so I
stayed in the car might run into the
supermarket and he came out and he put
all the stuff in the back and then he
came in sat down and gave me some
mangoes even be the nicest boy in the
world I love you thank you thank oh yeah
we're on our way home now can't wait to
squish the puppies I am so tired hairs
looking crazy right now I just couldn't
sleep and I now feel terrible like I
just want to get into bed sleep for a
week
I'm gonna be great Entertainment Tonight
I've still gotta edit two videos well
I'm home chilling on the sofa with my
favorite bears
treecko's got this really long way on
the side that Mike said earlier I think
Treecko needs trimming she's now got one
on either side
they're like spots but the black hair is
like ten times longer than the white
hair look so she runs long and she has
like these two pom poms a good like flop
flop flop on her side it's the cutest
thing oh my little wiggle wiggle
hi oh my goodness oh you owe a big fat
attention-seeker or a long skinny
attention-seeker
he pits you are yes you are hello this
one is the best cuddler she is also
we'll hear what she just peed Oh Lapage
peed in the house just grateful hello
there
can you little I suppose in the corner
sitting the dog bag with a rug with two
wet dogs because they're too wet to go
no not anymore well they were what when
you started new monsters well as you can
see here chef divorce as the wife is not
doing it is currently cooking up a storm
just been putting a little bit of red
wine in there just reduce down and now
we've got some kind of like Tamar to be
stuff and I'm gonna get some hot cells
having a speck the ball
spare ball that'll be well let's face it
we have you know you you've not been on
the pasta chain for the last like three
or four days so you've been failing
where is me on the other hand I have
been on the pastor train yeah buddy
like option is nearly complete
it's ready right there look at that born
up a deep but we're not eating in the
dog bag right I think let's go set the
table yeah
come on it so by way of a change I cook
for many people that's my high left over
it's my lunch tomorrow
where are you gonna have lunch tomorrow
having a picnic yeah fair enough
check you out well squeeze if you're not
figured out that I'm cleaning that chair
and that you're not supposed to be stuff
on it she's like I really don't care
right now I really realize oh you know
that your pudding pudding cheese cheese
Shh I'm telling you we are watching Star
Wars which episode because of the
beginning cuz the new ones not far away
now
AJ episode one started at one I know
that's not the correct way to start way
but it is the right way if you want to
make sense to make sense
you don't learn it means you get the
best ones at the end we are chilling on
the sofa together for once in our life
but certainly not on our own well yeah
for these little time he is very beast
and I'm editing a picture of myself and
the furry beasts snuggling in the dog
bed your announcement blog exception
right there so the Senate would you
believe banished she's gone to bed and
not finish the blog so I thought
actually I'd finish it because she never
actually pushes the darn thing but yeah
we took place to chill out more stars it
was amazing and yeah it'll be fun I'm
sure we will catch you guys tomorrow bye
today is the day guys OMG the last
orange is today it's currently about
seven of an Aquabat
hour setting everything up got all of my
makeup this morning and so much more
goes into a get ready with me than a lot
