morning guys so today is Saturday I'm in
the car with this one
hi burn fibers because you can't see
them we are off on another run today
today we're driving to a park can't
guarantee my Gotham of confused
yesterday we're just trying to make me
run uphill same thing we're doing about
three miles today and then we learn to a
wedding which is really exciting the
first wedding
we're catching all the first wedding of
the year Christmas one South Africa this
is where like English wedding of the
year like very early run English wedding
because normally though I'm easily must
be in the summer so yes no Jordan I'm
college at least it's not raining
there's every cloud of silver like we
did it and it wasn't half as bad as
yesterday a lot of little bit of a girl
I still had a little bit of a pop around
but we did it three miles
Mike going on a long one morning
anything to do it we still won
wanting to be the world's smallest
violin someone is over here doing
something very strange she's like she
got her nose in the pillow what are you
doing what are you doing what in there
was on that what is on why are you
licking the cushion there's nothing even
there piggy you little weirdo that's
pretty close fever
it's pretty cozy it's actually quite
naughty whilst you're eating your
breakfast like you know it is principal
Lulu what the pink flowery wants a
sparkly dachshund on no there's a really
birthday so someone just message me say
that the bag I want is back in stock on
the Cloe website guys I think you
actually like me oh my god no way I have
been trying to buy this bag since
February
on another note guys the Chloe website
have a cash-on-delivery option and then
a bit sketchy I've never seen that more
unlike a proper brand website and it is
that to play website it's not like some
scam one how weird is that
I was just freaking out guys because the
Chloe website that my card hasn't been
accepted but was a flop I thought Mike's
trying to like drown me out with his
music they've got my car oMG it's
finally mine
yes mission accomplished guys two and a
half months of searching in case you
guys haven't seen our cinema room
already we have a little cinema room our
house and mike has sided he is going to
cover the wolf in movie poster then
we're going to just show you the ones I
got 28 days ace is one of my all-time
favorites songs with 500 days of summer
there's a bad quality poster but good
film
I think it's my favorite so far
fantastic mr. Faulk
ha this is right favorite sauce Star
Wars upside down so there we go got into
the galaxy yeah I'll bet loser home is
the probable Kill Bill
one of my faves fo Liam wants right now
I'm five no this is well cake dad we've
got a lot of catching up to moving do we
do so good cashing out so Graham I me
epic and the last not least Darjeeling
Limited gonna be awesome yeah about four
hours later now I sell deliveries make
up I've done my mom's makeup I've done
my own makeup just about and we've just
got outdoor were on our way to actually
living sister that's getting married so
on our way to wedding today mum's in the
front with a very fabulous hat on that
just got caught of the backs of feet and
dad's driving and Mike is finally
dropped the camera as well as dad's
clean surprising mike is actually
chauffeuring libby and the mother of
bride in response to the wedding's that
he has gone through his duties everyone
seems to wrote Mike in for driving
because he loves it basically and I who
who would drivers Mike yeah Mike driving
and that is about it we're not quite
late yet but that's definitely yeah
putting the pedal for the rest of this a
little bit
good morning guys I thought she didn't
flog any of the wedding yesterday
because that would have been a bit rude
we had a brilliant time there and I now
have parent alert sleeping on my
shoulder and if I try and to walk she
tries to cover my face with her nose so
we had such a good night was actually
one of the best weddings I think I've
ever been to was beautiful like so so
beautiful
and just the most incredible fire I
suspect you guys follow me
we on Instagram and use all my Instagram
stories it was like out of this world
like genuinely I have never seen a
fireworks display like it it was mental
or got this one jumping on my tummy we
do in today oh no I don't want that
squish just love just love no licking no
looking in the face what we're doing
today guys we're having a chilled one no
plans bank holiday Sunday three-day
weekends are the best it's called
personal space guys something you
clearly have no concept of ah we doing
you're so pretty squidgy I wish you
could talk what do you think squids
would say if she could talk I think
should be like me me me me me me me me
me me me me me me me me me me me me me
is about me pretty sure that's what you
would say and pickle it would be like
stroke me stroke may just film the video
and edited it because it's meant to go
up tonight I meant to do it yesterday
but I just ran out of finding Libby's
maker by my mom make up to human country
colors fill outside come on guys you
come inside not much response to that
come on in Kevin everybody I mean their
reaction is great to this actually
figures coming now trickle just looks at
me like no you've been on an 8 mile run
this morning
come on yeah so I am going to Vista
village with my friend is today which
I'm really excited about haven't been
for a while
trinkle come on it's not that bad
come on come on you so stubborn I love
you tree go good girl but yeah I will
show you my outfit before I go it's a
little bit different to me I have on my
new jacket from all same which is denim
and it has kind of like awesome
embroidery on the sleeves like it has a
big star as well you can see why I
bought it right and then it's like
cropped here like cut off and I have one
plain white t-shirt underneath and my
metallic skirt and
and converse with my skirt which I feel
like if you're looking from this angle
looks very strange let's go all the way
down here yeah and when I leaned down on
you my skirt gets longer but my skirt
feels like there so that is my outfit
for today I never like I have two pairs
of converse and I never wear them so I
was like I saw that I'm going to wear
them with this gut because they're comfy
as well so yes I am oftenly going to
pick up iris some see you guys in a
little while so guys it didn't really
blog too much today because I was just
out kind of catching up with Iris and I
wanted to say as well a little bit of an
apology about me missing so many vlogs
towards the end of the month due to a
few personal things I just didn't really
feel like vlogging I don't know I've
been in a bit of a funny headspace since
I got back from Coachella and also I
have it I just been like chilling at
home a lot of the time and I just ended
up missing a few days I hope you guys
don't mind anyway I will be doing a few
more vlogs in the near future for you
guys I'm not sure where I'm going to do
daily vlogging throughout you know
whether I'm going to do something a bit
different this summer because I feel
like I always do more fun stuff in July
rather than June so I don't know what I
was up but I'll let you guys know anyway
I'm chilling now with my little piglet
wiglet and we're going to say goodbye to
you all thank you so much for watching
throughout April guys you're awesome I
hope you enjoyed it piglet is pulling
out some interesting moves were you
doing with one snuggling he's more like
poo I think she's been eating poo great
classy bird aren't you piglet I will see
you guys very soon bye
