today is the day guys OMG the last
orange is today it's currently about
seven of an Aquabat hour setting
everything up got all of my makeup this
morning and so much more goes into a get
ready with me than a lot of people
realize I think because he basically are
actually getting ready but you have to
film the whole process and make it look
pretty so you have to like not what
would normally look like a bombs drop
with makeup everywhere it has to look
vaguely nice and pretty so I've been
setting up I'm actually heading to boots
now to get a couple of things I forgot
because it doesn't open till 8:00 at
five to eight now and I forgot
certainly hunts and airbrush legs which
is an essential when you have about
fifty mosquito bites well probably about
fifteen all the back of my legs that are
still bright red when you're wearing a
dress and I forgot nail varnish so I'm
gone I want remover I forgot nail
varnish which it's not too chipped but I
think this hands probably a bit right
it's not too chipped it's the wrong kind
of color so when you're gonna get like a
more pale Econ shade of Nelvana SH and
get some breakfast as well because I'm
pretty hungry think I'm gonna go for
this one
boring but goes with everything the
Bible also picked up a little breakfast
on the way I got coconut yogurt which
are the most delicious things in the
world
I got a mango one and I also got this
which is cucumber apple coconut water
mint lemon and charcoal so like a
mixture of juice and charcoal water and
coconut water supposedly healthy let's
see how it tastes I've never tried this
combination before smells promising mmm
are you really good surprisingly
oh my goodness I literally just finished
the last shot of my get ready with me
video and it is 11:59 I meant to be
leaving at 12:00 perfect timing for the
first time in my whole life
put on a little bit perfume got my dress
on I got yesterday my dressing-gown on
the floor so a bit messy and manic and
then I also got on my Sophia Webster
shoes that I thought going quite nice
yes let go a little bit nervous the car
is waiting outside let's do this guy's
oMG I've arrived boots and I'm weirdly
enough now in a room with with posters
of my face well this is really weird
this is like behind the scenes in booths
feeling a little bit nervous apparently
there are people here already though so
that's good and yeah like nervous
excited all at the same time we've got
snacks
loving it I'm pretty sure these are prep
crayfish sandwiches brilliant news got
some watermelon probably going to go out
with sand wedge my teeth not such a good
look walking through on the shop floor
there's a queue over there they can't
fool me apparently the meetup is like in
the window which is
so I've just finished the meetup it went
really well quick website cameras must
run out of battery but look how cool
this looks so on today of all days
I forgot my vlogging camera charger and
my vlogging camera has run out of
battery dull seriously I am so annoyed
myself so I'm gonna have to blog the
rest of today on my iPhone and I might
also use my DSLR like at the event to
capture some stuff because I feel like
the quality of this camera is just not
good enough but yeah pretty gutted to be
honest stupid me and you had forgotten
something to be honest I was really
convinced that I'd brought it with me
but I can't find it anywhere so
obviously not anyway my friend Gareth is
now on his way over I'm back at the flat
now this is like a total other update
I'm back at the flat the meetup went
really well I was super happy I'm not
sure I like this lipstick though I think
it's a little bit dark I don't know but
yeah everything went really well my
friend Garrett's coming over now to do
my hair for tonight so I kind of curled
it for today and then I think he's gonna
do some kind of crazy cool upto for this
evening and that is all for now I'm
gonna eat some olives for lunch I'm
ready to go now the wonderful Gareth is
here boys look so every time you like my
hair I I guess it's like blowing around
trauma the Bema I love it it looks
amazing
I think I hope you guys like it nice
work and Mike as well with any special
little party guest piglets come into
that cocktails cuz she is such a
fabulous dog and so unimpressed she's
actually really just be happy her tail
going so good to me she doesn't mind
London anymore yay and Mike what did you
remember that I forgot someone's charger
done Bella done said Oh No
I'm vlogging on my vlogging camera again
because Mike brought the charger because
he is the most important person in the
world good we have to go to the cabs
outside we've just arrived and
protesting come on you can do it and
when you walk here this is super surreal
the way you walk in that ugly mug fun
man I'm having a little tour here do we
go upstairs got flowers on the way in
look at these
I'm loving on the pink light so excited
are you ready pig for the party shell
because she'll be good we've got this
place where you have pictures here's the
far with more pictures of me
super cringe this is the main room which
I'm so excited about everything is pink
and purple and blue and all the TCS team
have been working on it here already
there's beautiful flowers and then
outside there's this terrace and like
the most amazing view of the River
Thames and some fancy horse guard areas
looking so good
I would
really really well a little one
no boys boyfriend having eyelashes at
night trying to disguise I'm actually
really excited about having fun this is
the best thing about having your last
race at boy's heart really get involved
not the girliest sky in the world which
ones is he going for ah at least the
ones I have on
give me the length given a bit of color
the darkness
we are leaving at all follow me there
best evening trying to vlog at the same
time and not fall down the stairs the
whole way family and friends and there's
a massive dinosaur in this restaurant
it looks pretty convincing to be fair
hey guys so I've just got back and we
actually went out for some ribs and
stuff I didn't rip some wings and we
went to Jaime's diner on Shaftesbury
Avenue in central London and I didn't
vlog it because I was basically just
totally exhausted and with the rest of
my family so her brother and sister and
a couple of other friends and stuff it
was really fun just to kind of like
actually chapter them because the launch
was so crazy it was awesome but it was
like so busy it was almost like the only
other day I can relate to like compare
it to is my wedding because it's like I
was being like all that over every time
I stay away from somebody someone else
would be like oh fly can you come and
speak to this person although I haven't
said hi to all of us so it was so
awesome like really thrill but just
really really fun and I actually made it
a bit of an impromptu speech like the
girls who organised like you're making a
speech I was like why don't we I didn't
really think about I like I didn't
prepare a speech oh yeah do it there's
no microphone but here you go ting ting
ting and I basically just had to like
freestyle the speech which was it was
really good but I didn't end up
recording it because I know that I was
gonna do it really so um but yeah it was
short but sweet I think I like to think
that was the best way to do speeches
right but yeah so I had a really good
time and just today has been just so
overwhelming and not overwhelming even
just like busy manic hectic but awesome
at the same time so not necessarily
overwhelming us just it's been a big day
I just want to say a massive thank you
to all of you guys without you none of
this stuff would be happening
and I wouldn't be meeting or you awesome
lovely people at meetups that we might
go to long as my sister checking that I
got home I care about hello
yeah okay mom
love you speak to you tomorrow and I'll
thanks and I'm glad you enjoyed it
thanks for coming I'll speak to you
later
love you bye bye bye yes my sister
checking I got home okay she's like
let's show you my second month so yeah
thank you guys so much without you none
of this would happen and I am very very
well aware of that and I'm very very
appreciative for all of your support
over the years and now and your holes
basically I'm gonna go to bed now I've
got to leave about 8 o'clock tomorrow
morning
maybe maybe 7:45 I think and to get the
train down south for a top-secret thing
which I know it's so annoying when
you're vlogging is like the worst you're
like oh I can't tell you oh I'm so cool
and like rusev I wish I could tell you
guys but I'm not allowed to yet so I
won't be able to vlog much for tomorrow
but I'll try and like vlog snippets in
between stuff so anyway early start
tomorrow late night tonight I'm gonna
wash my face but what I'm gonna try and
do is make this hair last for tomorrow
because it is so awesome the curls are
still looking epic and I have like my
big platter inside as well anyway I am
gonna stop waffling and chewing of it
chewing your ears off now that's a weird
thought isn't it I'll see you guys in
the morning
thank you for being awesome bye good
morning guys and welcome to gosh it's
the 17th of August now it's gym time
this morning and actually feels so good
to be back in the gym after a couple of
weeks off I was still going when I was
in
