good morning guys and welcome to gosh
it's the 17th of August now it's gym
time this morning and actually feels so
good to be back in the gym after a
couple of weeks off I was still going
when I was in LA for VidCon and then
when I got back things just got really
manic and when I not in any kind of
routine or not home for any period of
time it's really difficult to actually
get in the gym especially if you're not
home so yeah I'm back in the gym I don't
know if I ever showed you guys the
curtains that we put up in here that
make such a difference I don't know if
you remember they were like these
horrible like green curtains that look
like they were about 50 years old
they're probably about 30 years old and
so we just put like cheap plain ones in
and we need to actually attach the tie
back like hooks so that actually ties
them to the side as opposed to just
tying them around the curtain but for
now this will do I think we look a lot
better you know that was super cheap we
actually need to redecorate in here as
well because there's still some like
holes and stuff but hey that is another
thing that is like to do in the house
which is kind of be never-ending I think
we're gonna have a big project around
Christmas we're actually gonna get
another room kind of finished like we
did with the kitchen so there we go a
little house update for you will so I
finished in the gym just got ready fill
my garage put on a couple of lashes for
this video it's a little bit of a
special one and yeah I'm running about
20 minutes behind schedule so I'm hoping
to catch up I've got to get the train or
going to leave here at quarter past
twelve to get the train and I have about
a million things to do so I better go
okay the lashes are on can you tell the
difference
and now we're ready to go these are
actually my favorite ones these are the
Fleur loves ones which are in the green
packaging and seriously I am in love
with them like you kind of you can tell
the difference but you can't really tell
they're fake if that makes sense they're
not like really obviously fake and
they're so light because they're like
half the size love them a lot let's get
filming so I finished my filming just in
time Mike's just got back in this a
commuting station because I'm gonna be
gone until Wednesday this week so it's
no point leaving my car there sun is
shining which is always a good start but
today is like the start of all the
eyelash craziness
I've got some interviews this afternoon
with some magazines in London and then
tomorrow is the big day
might stay here tonight you're coming
down tomorrow why you know I'm thinking
about it you know maybe how you know
who's not coming my dad's just been
movers like really sorry love not too
much why can't I was like he can look
after the dogs ha ha
dad got longer with the dogs do you show
everybody your new sunglasses they've
been that young man that you showed them
but they've been featured whilst like as
in whilst you're wearing it's the last
few days these snazzy they're basically
the same as your Oakley's but ray-ban
know this so you know you've got a whole
rule of you can have a new handbag as
long as it's different to your old
handbag so this officially changing now
because they are identical well so does
Prada and Gucci and lean and yeah
they're not called Holden's they're
called Tristan's so what Justine's or
just in a la Justin Michael Justin's
they're called Justin's and the other
ones are called Holbrook's
mr. ice cream I made it to the train in
the nick of time
so now on my way to you my little window
box is looking a little bit sad after
not being watered for a week but I'm
hoping I can pull them back and they're
gonna be okay I also I'm so hungry right
now I'm gonna eat my sushi
I got spicy tuna roll obviously they're
my fave and some salmon and tuna nigiri
and then some wasabi peas just for good
measure I'm now on my way to a little
I've got all my lashes and that is all
not too exciting I actually have to go
into town a bit later to go into the
centre of London to get a dress that's
more a little bit last minute
it's just how I roll but I've got a
backup but I wanted something like a bit
more like appropriate for the theme like
I wanted it to go with the kind of theme
of the launch and everything so I'm
gonna go and have a look and see what I
can find a bit later on but on to the
interview for now so I've just popped in
to central and picked up a sneaky little
something from like first thing which
actually in two weeks he is one of the
hardest people in the world to buy for
and it's his 30th so I've got him a
couple of baby
I might actually show how he's done it
up actually I'm gonna tell you he won't
watch there's Mike if you're watching
this switch off now it's top secret
I got him a new wallet with Mike it's
black but then it's got this bright blue
bit in the middle and then I got it
embossed with his initials on the inside
so I think it's gonna like it and I've
also planned a sneaky little trip as
well for his birthday and something else
as well which even if he's watching this
I'm not gonna like risk it and tell you
about it but I've planned something
really cool I think he's going to love
so yes especially if you've got to do
something special right so now onto the
dress hunting I saw a couple of dresses
on French connections website I want to
go have a look at and I think they have
one just at the end of this trade so I'm
gonna go and have a look
fingers crossed they fit and they're
perfect and that's the only place I have
to go to you but we all know how this
goes I'll probably you running around
like a mad person like half an hour for
chop-chop so I'm in the changing room
right now
three dresses that I was talking about
can you see why I thought they might
work they kind of like the same kind of
color scheme let's see okay here's the
first one what do you guys think I'm on
the fence here is number two I think
this could be quite cute for the meter
I like the colors I think they go with
the lashes and then this is the third
one which I think I like it but it's
nothing special what I do like and the
straps on the back they're quite cool I
think it's gonna be just fine so I just
got back and I got a cheeky little
tonkotsu ramen takeaway from Selfridges
food haul for dinner on the way oMG it's
like my favorite ramen ever apartment
one in LA which was way better but
anyway it's a good London ramen and bone
daddy's which is better as well I think
anyway it's a good London takeaway ramen
I also had a successful dress mission I
got the dress I was showing you guys and
I also picked up some Spanx to wear with
it because it's quite slinky although I
don't know the difference between
spiders I keep these ones and some that
were almost identical they were all like
the Spanx brand
these ones are 35 pounds other ones were
65 I was like I don't really see the
difference so I went for the cheaper
ones hoping they're good do you guys
know the difference look how sexy they
look Mike's gonna love these if only
YouTube did smellivision this smells so
good playing Tom Adele chilling out I've
got a couple of videos to make live and
then I'm gonna make bed little the
sheets are there which I left hanging
and I came in today and the whole place
smell like laundry I've just been
playing around with these tiny lights
that I got from my friend Robin for
birthday and I put them in my little
succulent pot and they look so cute I
don't know if they're gonna stay here it
basically like these little Firefly
lights that are on copper wire so when
they're off they don't look so good in
here but when there are they look
amazing it's like Christmas in the
desert I and this is like my little
corner of homeliness
so if you guys can see I need a picture
in the frame but there we go we're
getting there so I'm in bed and I am all
perhaps and ready to go for tomorrow I
feel like you know when you get that
feeling before you go on holiday and you
can't sleep because I like nervous and
excited
well not nervous to go on holiday but
like I'm nervous about tomorrow a bit
and you just like prepping everything
and trying to make sure you've got you
remembered and like yeah that I feel
like that so I have like two outfits
hanging up on the wall which then she
realized these dresses are almost an
identical shape just a different design
and the different shoes I've got to wear
with them so this one here is for the
meetup section and then this one is for
the party at night this looks a lot
bigger but I think it's because it's not
stretchy so which you like squash it
against the wall so it looks a lot wider
than that one it's that one's a bit
stretchy yeah but yeah so please hang up
I've got everything ready to go I'm
gonna call Mike before I go to sleep
just a say goodnight and that's gonna be
it I'm really worried about the focus on
my camera keeps going crazy and what's
up with it but that's gonna be it for
tonight I'll see you guys in the morning
it's gonna be a busy day tomorrow so I'm
gonna try and vlog as much as I can as
well as film to get ready with me and
actually do all the stuff that was going
on tomorrow
super excited I always get really
nervous before kind of meetups or book
signings or anything like that just in
case like no one turns up I honestly
don't have the fair big time they'll be
like no one there it'll be really
embarrassing I'm sure it would be fine
it's been fine every other time but I
still get the fear I hope to see a lot
of people that I hope yeah see you guys
in the morning morning everybody and
welcome to the 16th of August I look
rough because Mike and I have just been
in the gym Sunday morning we've got eggs
on the go Mike just cracked since egg
opener looks like the most perfect egg
in the history of existence I want to
eat mine now
