morning everybody and welcome to the
16th of August I look rough because Mike
and I have just been in the gym
Sunday morning we've got eggs on the go
Mike just crack this egg open oh it
looks like the most perfect egg in the
history of existence I want to eat mine
now oh yeah baby
so I have been a really naughty blogger
and I haven't really vlog today at all
bananas for some reason they just
decided that they gonna here they just
decided that they could hear something
outside um started year pretty yappity
yappity you and your buddy yapping
that's it even though there was nothing
there and treacle started freaking out
and crying Paul was all very dramatic
see I have already frog today Mike's
been in the garden all day heavenly not
MDF he's now working well I've been
doing some blog post taking pictures for
my blog watching a bit of Game of
Thrones as well and just getting my
stuff in line to go to London tomorrow
because I'm going to London tomorrow
afternoon because I've got a meeting but
then I've also got my meet up on Tuesday
and my last launch so like then this
week it's gonna be pretty cray cray busy
but hence I've just been doing boring
stuff today I'm gonna just haven't
really flogged it on another note I'm
actually trying out a new foundation
which i think is really nice and that's
right now not much makeup on today at
all I just have a little bit of
foundation what I do have one I put on
early this morning so it's kind of gone
you reckon it's um it's the bare
minerals liquid foundation I hadn't
tried yeah and it's really like light
and natural oh you look natural don't
you pick it up cuz you know have any
makeup on no oh my god you got the
stinkiest breath in the world this dinky
is breath in the world and we discovered
last night piggy that you've got extra
tooth that's not meant to be there an
extra tooth in there in that mouth of
yours it's like growing I don't know if
that might be the source of her stinky
breath should we show everybody your
teeth or should we show everyone your
teeth thank you see look can you see can
you see she's got like an extra tooth
she's got two k-19 that's cause she's an
extra doggy even though she looks like a
ferret
um yes have you got anything to add
today and yes
no she cooks and dinner I'm hungry well
why don't you cook me something this is
a hashtag think pastor you know I had
for lunch a whole bowl of broccoli
you're exciting well one of those two
fruit and vege fruit and veg is one of
those chicken breasts okay so you can
have that and you can chef me up and I
chef up so you know I'd like a little
something-something don't lie
I'd like it with vegetables and chips oh
all the chips take ages to cook though
they don't look exactly the same amount
of time I guess what I can do is put it
on for you and then I can cook myself
something else because there's not
enough chicken for me anyway
no but you can still do you can still
cook me supper you know be a good wife
I'm just not very wife like Oh shopping
a face so I make time to shine to be
wife I can cook things we need to be
wife like and cook things do you like
say what golf is on people just cook
leave me a chilling he's like I don't
have to do anything for my food I don't
have to cook for anyone got Mike's chips
on we go in here they actually look
really good a little shape got some
courgettes grilling and then in here
we've got my sweet potato and Mike's
chicken and then we're gonna do some
asparagus I'm gonna grill that's well
and there's a factual random combination
but as I said before I'm feeling like
veggies I'm also just put on this
lipstick which I really like what do you
guys think you like it
it is this I got sent it the other day
and I just thought was a really nice
color
it's marinus matte finish lip Rouge
that's totally our focus there we go
Matt Finity lip Rouge in Paris
number six and I think it's a nice color
what do you think before you eat it I'm
gonna show everybody your dinner tada
tada
I got basically the same but with sweet
potatoes and no chicken treacle has also
said can she have soybean you have some
noted a key and I mysteriously managed
to get lipstick all over my hand when I
was cooking I think maybe I ate it and
I'm like white and I am having a major
veg fest hi guys so once again I never
finished my blog last night because I'm
a really naughty blogger I had really
nice Sunday evening actually chillin
with Mike and the puppies and dinner was
good and that's about it it was a pretty
uneventful day yesterday kind of sorting
stuff out today is a whole new day and a
different kettle of fish because it's
gonna be fairly
manic I think I'll see you tomorrow
slash today for a new vlog you guys are
awesome I hope you have an amazing day
good morning everyone from another rainy
day in Lake Como we have just packed our
bags where are they
there they are there's my bag right
there right there and we are getting
ready to go to the airport I don't want
to go it's so beautiful even when it's
raining it's actually just stop great
