good morning everyone from another rainy
day in Lake Como we have just packed our
bags where are they
there they are there's my bag right
there right there and we are getting
ready to go to the airport I don't want
to go it's so beautiful even when it's
raining it's actually just stopped
raining a second ago it was chucking it
down so hard it was sunny this morning
for about half an hour it's kind of like
intermittent still fairly bright but
we're gonna go and find some breakfast
and say goodbye to our little house I
love this little houses the cutest place
ever
bye-bye and in the house for about half
an hour early
he actually suggested it we come in and
what do we see ahead of us the messer
the one and only sir for how are you
gonna get it back we're back in England
on our way home the puppies I cannot
wait to see them and wish them I kiss
the munch snuggle them and just
generally very my little face in there
for ya can't wait to see the boobies and
have a nice drink and you know what I'm
really looking forward to for dinner a
whole bowl of vegetables because I feel
like being in Italy the food is so
amazing but I've eaten more carbs I
think that I ate in like the last month
in four days so I'm just feeling like I
need some veggies don't know you're
gonna have to say not any
veggies
rubbish
yeah oh my goodness oh my goodness so we
have just taken the dogs from Agra walk
and had a super snuggly snuggling
session on the sofa it was amazing just
what I needed
piglet was like in and around all over
my face it was by Lee I mean she was up
in my grill trying to give me many
kisses we're now on our way to the
supermarket to buy vegetables yes we're
in the supermarket like 20 minutes
before it closed by all the vegetables
it stopped me but you know what they do
have I may have just peed in the trolley
I definitely don't need these but I
definitely do need them well we do need
bin bags salted-caramel green tea yeah
baby I'm eating celery right now and it
tastes so good
hashtag carb detox so I never finished
yesterday's vlog so and I fell asleep on
the sofa watching Game of Thrones which
oMG I'm catching up on Series five it's
amazing
see you in the morning good bye so it's
our final day on Lake Como and what is
it doing outside it's only raining it's
raining quite a lot actually tell you
what it's pretty serene and beautiful on
the lake in the rain but it's not the
most practical because we don't have a
