so it's our final day on Lake Como and
what is it doing outside it's only
raining it's raining quite a lot
actually tell you what it's pretty
serene and beautiful on the lake in the
rain but it's not the most practical
because we don't have umbrellas but
today I think we are venturing out and
going to I think it's called varenna
which is across the lake near Bellagio
so we're gonna we were going to get the
ferry all the way there but seeing as
the weather is rubbish we're not gonna
do that because I don't think it's worth
I think I'll be better driving so we're
gonna drive up to the town opposite and
then get the ferry across if we can
we'll see where we get to all else fails
we'll just end up eating our way through
the rainy day and it's fair to say the
rain is not letting up we've got a lot
of rain and we were just thinking about
like what to do what you basically
normally do is about to go dark to go
into tunnels in Italian towns when it's
sunny it's normally like walking around
going on the boat eating gelato it's
just not none of that's gonna happen
today so I feel like I don't know really
what we're gonna do drive somewhere and
have a little look get out hope it stops
raining have some lunch
go on the boat inside rubbish we hate
rain this is not raining in the tunnel
yeah we've got dry now and I just posted
this picture of my eyelashes from my new
range with either which is coming out on
Tuesday it's great great so soon and I'm
getting like amazing comments I'm so
excited it's like the most surreal thing
ever to post this online like yesterday
I posted you see I posted like the sneak
peek of the size of the pack and then
today I posted the first like one with
the style which you can't really see on
my camera onto my phone but this is this
one look on Instagram yeah this is like
the most dramatic one it's called flare
and fabulous and it has this like worm
and I'm so excited about all of the
designs cuz it like actually getting to
design them was so much fun but this one
actually has like a woven effects by the
band so it like adds this amazing depth
to your lashes it's just so cool and all
of them actually have like stone-ground
technology which is a new thing for I
know that they have to pay for in the UK
it's basically like tapered tips as if
there were natural lashes like they're
not cut they're actually like ground
down into this perfect tape so they look
like they're actually like a grown human
hair as opposed to being like a fake one
so
even when the rain is coming down
there's things to be excited about
still raining so we decided what do we
do let's drive up the mountain and have
a look what's up there so we're
currently in the restaurant up the
mountain with only people in the
restaurant and what you think get
surprise surprise homemade pasta but
it's actually the first time that there
has been truffle pasta on money which
I'm really excited about Mike basically
has the same thing that we got yesterday
with the mushrooms sausage in them isn't
it oh it's so different and they're so
different and especially because it was
yesterday and we're trying to come up
with ideas for things to do in the rain
because it's really coming down and it's
like coldness allow it sugar hot yes
Mike is finally stopped raining it's
still pretty chilly but I wanted to show
you the view of the mountains it
actually feels like we're on our way
skiing or something cuz it's so pretty
up here and totally totally different -
down by the lake and it smells really
fresh net as well because it's been
raining we've had a nice long lunch and
we've just left this random little
restaurant called Casa Mario Casa de
Marco and it's partly hotel we just do
but where's good like up in the hills
from where we were and so yeah we're
gonna head back down the hill now it's
actually quite chilly now it was warm
earlier when it was raining this morning
chilly - what you're too cold too hot
too cold
look at the mountain there's a little
bit later now why can I have been
chilling in the apartment I've been
doing some work MDF here decided to go
for a run it stopped raining Mike's I'm
gonna go for a run keep him ready every
day I'm gonna wish I'd brought my
trainers and I didn't bring them so I
can't go with you
so they'll / not because let's face it
oh yeah me both look at you silly Billy
so basically Mike like took one step out
of the door and it started throwing it
now with rain began I was actually like
is he gonna be back soon you finished it
no I'll be quite nice Aaron I did for
master day check you out mr. three three
Oh No
instead of going for a run I'm just
sitting here with a nice glass of
Prosecco Figgis just high-roller you
guys will never guess where we're going
now you'll never guess like seriously I
I defy you to guess where we're going
are we going bumble we're going for
dinner
surprise surprise I feel like the last
few days have been so boring vlog wise
it's just like eat chill eat chill see
some nice scenery each point of this
chilling trip so I'm sorry if you guys
have found the past few days boring it's
about to get really hectic but we get
back back to kind of crazy hectic
minutes but Riley's life Russian her to
a place called basics quite modern place
the other places we've been to have been
quite traditional so I thought let's mix
it up for our last night good job we're
not here for any longer than five days
or we would leave the size of a house
each is 26 via Regina Vecchia in karate
a real rotten I love how you just are
looking at music instead this is my
favorite song ever he like goes long in
the car
and with everyone like claps we're right
up here I kind of know where we're going
but I don't know
there's a car coming look at this
awesome road guys they were driving out
for dinner the lake is like right here
it's right on Lake hum brakes no brakes
looking so nice loving it loving it so
far I think it's a good rower a little
choice so for some reason Mike and I
have decided that we're obsessed with 90
feelings right now and we have been
googling who might just googled 90s
blockbusters and he's got a full list of
like nineties blockbusters release
releases and he's asking me what year
they were released and we're going
through I'm pretty well so far
Pelican point maybe eight out of 30
which is good considering I was only to
the beginning of 1990 and 12 or the end
of my team at 2,000 young euro so old
restaurant by the way it's really true
it's really nice fever with shall we
turn to naughtiest on the basis of 90s
coming out of night another most
fabulous what the most popular on Google
okay Jonah Northey really no reason I
don't know what's going on to focus okay
no she's in two recent gladiator
gladiator 2001 2000 I wasn't counting mm
I was counting 2000 in the 90 Lord of
the Rings
I think don't age or rather go accusing
2002 no because I don't remember the 80s
mm - why don't you remember the 80s I
was born in the rings even 2002 callable
Oh 2001 so close dark night at night
would have been like 97 19 to death
I know at 2007 oh wait B Incredibles
Incredibles 19 note 2006 for Casino
Royale casino Rio and they put some in
here yep
Hennessy said you said oh that would be
2006 biome okay nope Eternal Sunshine of
the spotless mind
oh yes Slumdog Millionaire some donor
would be 2005 which one there's been the
first of the anyway this is gonna be
stabbing the dog mm is rate mm Bill
Polian well Bill volume 1 would have to
be
2003 oh yes that's like one of my
favorite films ever yeah that's a good
good job all around okay the last one
we're doing last one to the vlog okay
super bad
so our first courses have arrived what
have you got MDF I have knocking no
Kathy its million Aki that looks yummy
it's the first time you've had no key
here I'm so gonna try something you look
really red in this lighting by the way
Mike is not burnt at all it's been
raining all day and I've got spaghetti
with the seafood surprise surprise I'm
hoping my camera hasn't broken the focus
is all over the shop but it looks good
controversially I ordered the vegetarian
main asparagus with eggs and truffle
looks yummy you jealous so I forgot to
vlog Mike try to park earlier but he
managed to get this is he managed to get
the Fiat 500 literally into the space of
a Fiat 500 and I'm gonna I'm gonna vlog
him trying to get out actually someone
else is parked there as a different
person that's part there poor thing MDF
here just reminded me that I never ended
yesterday's vlog so this is gonna be the
end of the vlog but we'll see you
tomorrow good bye good morning people
so today Mike and I are actually in
Switzerland say what you thought we were
in Italy well in fact when I was staying
in Italy is all right on the border I'm
talking like five minutes from
and we got lots
