good morning people so today Mike and I
are actually in Switzerland say what you
thought we were in Italy well in fact
when I was staying in Italy is right on
the border
I'm talking like five minutes from
Switzerland and we've got lots of
recommendations from lovely people
including someone called Barbara which
she called Barbara was a surname you're
sure she was cool but I didn't see the
email you sent a lovely subscriber
called Barbara I'm confident she was
called Barbara I think we feel like I'm
doing mad now if not she was called like
something Barbara there was definitely
Barbara and anyway thanks Barbara she
recommended that we go to Fox Town
outlets along with a few other people
which are basically like 20 minutes from
where we're staying
but in Switzerland so we're now in
Switzerland this is what it looks like
it's actually like markedly different
from Italy do you not think like the
style
it is right there and we're right here
yeah that looks Italian then this looks
so yeah basically we're going to these
mega outlets that are currently really
good because we thought why not let's do
a morning that and then we're gonna go
for lunch in Como shopping town itself
me shopping what never when in Italy you
may as well look at design and leather
goods right but we're not listening
anymore that's what's confusing but
apparently these are better outlets than
the Italian ones so we'll see we'll see
that's what we're doing this morning and
then we are going on another adventure
this evening exciting I'm getting in the
holiday mood now always a bit bumpy
around this roundabout I said so we
found a shop whose logo is a sausage dog
Mike needs like 50 of these come on Mike
has just pointed out this fine fine fine
find no I'm not so sure about the shiny
sausages Ameen one sausage pink sausage
topping is fairly unsuccessful so far
ambiences bought a pair of jeans from
Burberry which were actually a pretty
good deal and they did have some other
things about me they might go back and
look at maybe I think we're pretty much
done
mostly really just when I thought we
were on the way out
look what is spots we are now heading
back to the lake or without the lake I'm
heading into coma which is over there if
you guys can see it looks very beautiful
and the days actually cleared up a
little bit it's a little bit more blue
sky now it was very kind of muggy and
heavy feeling this morning
so yes off we go we're going to go and
eat some more pasta and pizza while in
Italy stuff your face with carbs we are
walking down a very quiet street in Como
right now we're just parked the car and
we're off to get some lunch it's looking
very beautiful so far it's a candy
bollard and there's death whenever
suppose he didn't leave or is it just
stopping it's definitely been moved
that's the bag that is so funny so this
is our lunch we have found this to life
a little restaurant which actually I say
we found I looked up appetizer for like
an hour of googling the best places I
mean I found on homie you do nothing
when I went her way Mike's like where
are we going for dinner then I'm like
let me just spend an hour on the laptop
normally I do that before we come away
and it's like all sorted but not this
time I got the tagliolini with squid and
prawns
it looks amazing in its homemade YUM
Mike got a pass through that I can't
pronounce this really lucky with porcini
mushrooms basically we're sharing half
and half we decided before it came they
smell so yummy and have a little glass
of Prosecco and Mike has lemonade cuz
he's driving we're in the main square of
Como now just having a little explore
it's super hot I'm feeling rather woo
after eating so much good and
get out so much olive oils so much of a
livable delicious that's gonna have a
mosey what about the Italian Italian
footlocker
I have to say that I don't think we were
doing gelato after lunch today I think
it was too much I don't think I could
hack it Mike and I are now heading out
for the evening we've skipped a few
hours of vlogging because we have been
chilling back in the apartment and I
have actually had a bit of a nightmare
trying to edit this video that is going
up on Monday basically I don't know if
any of you guys can help actually I
might as well ask you because generally
like you're really good at this kind of
stuff and hopefully we'll fix it by the
time this video goes live but it is not
exporting from final cut because it's
saying that it's still referencing media
on the camera however the files have not
been on the camera ever since I've even
been editing this video basically I
imported them and saved them on my
desktop and I've tried rien porting the
files re linking the files it won't let
me do that it's like all grayed out I've
tried like re-importing the footage
separately and then waiting for the
import to finish and that seemed to work
for a while but then once I added the
music it stopped working and now won't
export and I've spent hours editing this
video so it's just really really
frustrating
so anyway I'm heading out for dinner now
we're going to a place called Casa Santo
Stefano in I don't know if it's China bo
or shinobi oh if anyone knows whoa
that's a tight turn and we're in a fear
yeah I think it's just well
yeah partly this place is amazing so
this is a view from dinner right now
it's so beautiful and we are actually
having like a taster menu with a lot of
courses this is the pasta course I
totally which is constantly eating pasta
the last few days but we've had some
pork liver right now and it looks good
so we're just gonna join mal outside
having a nice relaxing dinner when it
starts raining actually quite nice it
has been so much all day but not what
you expected so now we have an umbrella
and it's actually cooling off as well
which I'm putting I think it may be time
to go inside see so we just got back I'm
heading to bed I thought it was a good
night to you all that was a mega ultra
tasty meal and I am so full I haven't
done like one of those tasting menus in
ages because normally I'm really
specific with what food I want I like
pretty much any food but normally I'm
like I really want that one dish whereas
this is like getting a mini amount of
every single dish it was amazing mike is
in bed so I'm not gonna vlogging but he
honestly thought it was z.o best meal
ever super super happy so yeah we use
bed and we'll see you in the morning for
unlost salad full day I don't wanna
leave I want to move to Italy forever
I'd be really big if I was innocently
all the time because I would just eat
like three portions of password no big
size wise up on a lot of weight if I
lived it I love pasta more than most
things night everybody
you
