so it's another beautiful day in Lake
Como today Mike and I are in the car
it's actually already about lunchtime
because I'm slept in super late I did
some work went for a class on at the
coffee shop up the road had a nice
cappuccino was delightful and we're now
on our way to a little town called
Tremezzo which is apparently very very
beautiful
so we're going there this afternoon it
can have a little wonder around and then
we're heading on over to Bellagio the
real Bellagio this time not Vegas and
we're gonna get some lunch there and
then bumble back so a nice chill day
ahead of us Mike isn't thoroughly
enjoying the Windy driving right now
that's pretty good right yeah we're just
loving these epic views as you drive
along you can just see this cool is
gonna be good I think just see all of
the lake down very exciting the weather
is great feeling in a holiday mood wow
guys look at this place it's amazing
this is Tremezzo where we are going now
we just need to find a center of town
and then find a car parking space it's
so beautiful here I think it's actually
one of the most beautiful places I've
ever been in my life
not this specific town we'll probably
this was in town I mean Lake Como in
general it is gorgeous so we finally
found a little spot to park in I show
you guys the view from where we are
right now I'm pretty sure this is
Bellagio here we are just outside villa
carlotta which is really famous villa
they have like Auckland Botanical
Gardens which we might gonna have a look
around for I think what's that Mike
which we might go and look at but I
think they take my while to get round so
we're gonna see kind of what time it is
and see what what do you want to do get
some ice cream
yes we're currently exploring the
gardens of the villa Carlton come along
with us we'll show you some exciting
things here India we found probably the
coolest looking butterfly ever can you
guys see it looks like a zebra presume
it's a zebra of a butterfly zebra I can
zoom before it moves it's so pretty look
at it whoa there it is she does Wow and
again this is a view is pretty epic okay
this guy's this is the view from the
main like front porch area
we're just looking up on
quite like to live here Mike let's have
two of them let's let's take it I'll
have it this is the entrance pretty
amazeballs the ceiling in here is
amazing
something about this car is really
really creepy but the hallway is
actually amazing to the top floor
that can't be you too full it is so nice
we are off to get a drink and
potentially lunch after a rather sweaty
hour or so the color it's super super
super hot it was very beautiful
definitely worth a visit if you guys
come to Lake Como
it was very nice and surprisingly I know
like spring is the main time to visit
here because of the garden drew stuff it
was surprisingly quiet yeah and not many
people around the tool and it is mid
August so we suppose I like the area in
general is not as busy as we thought it
would be
look at this floating swimming pool it's
possibly the coolest thing I've ever
seen if you don't want to swim in the
lake there's a pool I'm pretty sure it's
attached to this fancy hotel there but
it looks really cool I've never seen
anything like that for we're on the boat
right now but the totally unromantic
sleeper
we were waiting for so long on our way
over to Bellagio so this is the real
Bellagio looks really cool up there I'm
guessing everybody instantly comes off
the boat and walks up here so let's do
it
let's copy every video and then do
something just then for a little bit of
lunch and I didn't log any of it because
I got so hungry or hangry we literally
sat down got a full whoop got a full
bottle of fizzy water next it got Diet
Coke next it got a plate of pasta ate it
and then kind of went ah decompression
of the hunger Ness and the how
hungriness hungriness the mega hunger
now mike is directing us for the first
time ever on this trip is pretty epic
little backdrop right there but he
walked up the street turns out it is
stairs and we can't see the top and on a
full belly of pasta you can see the top
oh it's hard work I tell you that look
at him go this is an emergency gelato
what did you get caramel I don't know
not a pitcher hazelnut here's another
awesome I got fig which is actually
super yummy bocce and tiramisu
yeah of all the classy stuff that you
find in Italy where does Mike want to go
into the toy shop
typical so we are leaving
that's where we go we are back in the
car in Tremezzo we're heading back to as
the apartment now but I wanted to show
you guys this because I have started
collecting fridge magnets from places
that I travel to and I keep forgetting
like every time I go keep getting to get
them I didn't get one when I was in LA
last time I've been to LA a lot I don't
have a fridge magnet from there so
basically I got this one I saw it in a
little street vendor on the side of the
road and I just thought it was quite
hilarious Lee tacky and it's also like
really old like oh if you guys can see
but like it's obviously been hanging
around for a while but it has bellagio
on it and Shinobi oh and like all of the
other places that we're gonna go this
week so and Como I want to go soleko but
I think that's quite far mind you could
get around the bottom there's a lot of
places on here this is going on our
fridge so we're now offer yeah you get
back we're going out for dinner
Mike's got change for dinner and it's
looking very smart
I haven't to wearing my denim dress you
bitch Mike went for a run and I spent
the last two hours editing videos
searchable but there's some really cool
exciting stuff coming up on my main
channel which is sure next week so I
think you guys are like it what this
looks good this actually where we're
going
don't know smells get in there so yes
we're going out for dinner that's what's
happening here we are at dinner number
two slightly more like tonight because I
have my good camera Mike's first course
is tagliolini with course looks
delicious smells delicious I got saffron
jaian
I kind of ways that the name of this
pastor is but it's like giant penne and
it looks amazing with courgette flowers
and in Aperol spritz because that's how
we roll
I'm gonna try it the good little lady in
the Tramp and let me try something
check my prawns I am so excited to eat
these I cannot even tell you my gosh
steak they're Giants they are so special
it's really really yummy - Cheers
look at the view over the lake guys this
is so unbelievably beautiful I love Lake
Como we've just got back to the
apartment and I have slathered myself in
mosquito repellant because I got about
eight bytes last night and all right
actually but I forgot to bring mosquito
repellent with me okay
so normally I take it everywhere if I go
somewhere hot because I am just tasty
like I have really tasty blood Mike if
anything gets one bite and then because
I'm sleeping next to him I get like 50
the most I've ever had in one day is 52
just on my legs which was redonkulous I
think that was about seven or eight
years ago in Florida seven it was seven
years ago in Florida and yes I've
stabbed them myself
in this natural insect repellent which
is like citronella stuff might work for
some people not strong enough for me
last night I got bitten so I'm gonna
keep it by the bedside table and if I
wake up in the night I'm gonna add more
because I think I need it like stinks
for about half an hour an hour but then
I think after that it gets a bit
ineffective so yes that's what I'm doing
is this stuff as well which I've already
used like half a bottle
it's called ledum which I swear is like
not actually Lois's per firm
the wall I don't know exactly yeah
miss Kayla natural yeah
natural give me the deep any day that's
gonna be it for tonight guys so I'll see
you guys in the morning
for our second full day in it Delhi I'm
loving it so far we had such a feast for
them tonight I swear like the one bit of
advice I get or I give or get every time
I come to Italy is eat everything
because we're only here for four days
I'm eating everything and it's so good
it is so good I love the food here so
much I see you guys tomorrow by morning
friends and welcome to the 11th of
August today we are almost at the
airport actually on our way as you can
tell by my face isn't had much sleep
last night
the end of the vlog thanks Mike
