morning friends and welcome to the 11th
for us today we are almost at the
airport actually on our way as you can
tell by my face isn't that much sleep
last night the end of the vlog thanks
Mike was not very kind I was having a
quick nap in between projects so I got
up super early somebody trying
everything done still haven't got
everything done so let's just just work
at the airport hey and hope this could
Wi-Fi in Italy oh well yeah let's go
check it now and get in the holiday mood
you know what I need you needed waffle a
cup of coffee because I keep trying to
edit in the car and Mike's like we'll
have a Weber wake up cuz I'm like
editing in an envelope good I'm sleepy
imma sleepy bear let's go on don't
believe in bone a jet plane that's the
most excited you've been all day
reading his secret life of fight
yeah such a boy's book it's pretty cool
I thought then you're not gonna do this
yeah
chicken feet you're not
basically your hip
Update
oh look at that little finger are you
ready holiday time I'm so really I
bought this awesome you son lost
check you out
basically was trying to get them
I'm not editing
I'm sober I'm hunting gonna run to get
away what do I do work but also we had a
bit by lemma in the airport security
in the car
but they let you back through the day so
you have it well it's a good job from
sunglasses it's good job Airport
perfection woman here is a passion wagon
of a rental car for the week Fiat 500
mike is very excited about it I was kind
of disappointed I wanted a white one but
you know gray will have to do mike is
out the wheel he's checking for damages
it is hot out here so the good news is
guys there's a CD in this car
we're feeling very Italian right now
we're gonna start the beginning of the
CD The Seagull their CDs got to give and
focus
hey sounds like driving is one chance
biggest population of the time on the
same page back
essential-1 whoo
wait
snow sounded romantic
oh no this back again
we are holidays this is the current view
there was actually some mountains that
matter it looks to me like there might
be you over all the other side of the
tunnels of it there is also a barrier
it's amazing Hooper the barrier there's
I didn't stop people going off the edge
it's like my ultimate fear income I am
terrified by mountain roads when there's
no barrier like a rational fear I am
terrified of it and here's our first
view of the lake we're getting right now
and then there's a big barrier here that
can't see any big tile fake tunnel
we are nine minutes forty seconds away
according to sat-nav Mike said before
I've never been very briefly so we've
come for a little walk by the lake
because our Airbnb lady is gonna be half
an hour before she's meeting with us
rather some wine
oh stop for a little gelato I've never
heard of this flavor before it's called
cannon Chino another time say again I
don't seem kind of chinna I don't know
it's really good basically tastes like
creme brulee I'm not sure what it is any
of you Italians out there let us know it
tastes good so we've just checked into
our little pad MDF is on the sofa this
is the cutest place ever
I love Airbnb for finding stuff like
this basically I think it's actually a
converted garage
I think but basically we've got these
views here of lake basically and I said
basically about a million times
basically but yes the you walk out and
this is our own little private garden
here and then you've got the lake right
here which is amazing and it's attached
to this huge old beautiful house which
apparently one old man lives in by
himself so that's our neighbor and it is
there's some ducks down there as well oh
this darlings so cute
oh and so yeah I think we're just gonna
chill I quite fancy trying to locate a
bottle of Rose a and having a nice glass
of Rose a sitting by the lake from read
our books we can chill out that's what
the whole trip was meant to be about
right chilling out it's got air
conditioning in here so it's nice and
cold this is the rest of the place I
think it's so cute look at all the
pictures they're like really italian
style and then there's another sofa
little kitchen it's so cute and what
else do we have going on there's the
screen and it divides up the room it's
basically kind of like a studio room and
there's the bed there more pictures on
the walls there is a ceiling light for
that
shucks I think otherwise the guy the old
man can see like down so wardrobe and
then this is the bathroom the wardrobes
really cool actually it's like really
old-fashioned there's such a cute little
place I'm so chuffed with it look at
this it's like lined and silk which oh
there's a mop in the cupboard they've
got to keep them up somewhere I'll sort
that out later yeah super cute let's
have a look at this extra blankets isn't
this cool is it all lined with silk
super old-school got some chairs and
that's about it already decided where I
want to go for dinner tonight it's like
a really amazing place I found online so
enjoying Italy so far let's get chilled
baby so for dinner we are supposedly
going to what is one of a George
Clooney's favorite restaurants we are if
we can I was free quiet on the street so
I'm guessing we can get it
look at these mind erodes guys it's so
fun we've been like a sipping around in
our fear loving life right now mike is
loving these corners world is another
Fiat Club the Fiat 500 club this is why
they have fun in Italy no you are not
doing handbrake oh this is so fun look
at the tiny looks basically every car is
a Fiat 500 round here look at the views
I get really hungry you know so my
cameras are not battery and I'm using my
phone and it's a really fun Sarah
because this is what I got for my first
course it looks yummy oh my god risotto
this is my Seva in the dark it's tasty
and The Tempest darkest depths at the
table
is it gonna crack did you crack so we're
back in our little apartment we had such
a nice dinner and I'm sorry
the quality is pants because my iPhone
is just not good confetti my camera I'm
gonna charge it tonight so you guys will
have good quality camera action for our
little road trip tomorrow Mike is
currently trying to lock the door we're
gonna watch a movie
and go to bed tonight for a zombie movie
probably we'll see you guys in the
morning
my hair is create Mike's been crazy
driving along the hairpin bends on the
way back spinning he did not use a
hammer
thank God for that see you in the
morning ah good morning from me and the
naughty little pig today piglets wearing
her fancy-schmancy Jimmy Choo collar
because we're going in to the James
grant offices which is my management for
a meeting yes
