good morning from me and the naughty
little pig today
piglets wearing her fancy-schmancy Jimmy
Choo collar because we're going in to
the James grant offices which is my
management for a meeting yes piglet
another meeting you're becoming quite
the little professional dog
so come well behaved and professional
look at you rolling on your back look at
you who shall we go peg I think we've
got a taxi waiting for us how delightful
we've got big news guys piglet has made
a sausage buddy
oh this is Ruby who's now decided she
doesn't wanna look a camera Ruby and she
wants to sniff piglets bomb instead dogs
never behave when you want them to
piglet is normally really antisocial as
you guys know but she seems to quite
like Ruby I'm very excited by this look
how beautiful she you guys look perfect
together
you can be best buddies so we've just
ordered a little bit of lunch
post-meeting pig let's sleep on the
floor down there still snoozing and I
want to show you guys my lunch because
it looks epic it's actually technically
a shearing placer but I'm using it all
to myself but some olives we've got some
beans I've got some pita hummus taxi he
olive I never know how to say it olive
tapenade tapenade toughen it yeah that
stuff smashed up olives tastes great and
look at these chips oh yeah it's a bit
later now I had
afternoon and ended up just like running
way later than I thought I thought I'd
be home at about 5:00 it's now 7:35 Mike
is here to pick up the stuff beyond
they're getting it back and get some
rosetta stone tonight and try and learn
basic guitar I've got so much work to do
tonight before we go away and I still
have to pack so you can get your
processor stone out and you can do the
Italian chat when we get on wait got
guts
well as you're welcome you're welcome
thank you
I think it's gonna go the other way
around yeah like gravity and then they
say prego or music or they say grab see
anything Shauna Shauna brought me Robin
so yes you got me I am glad to be almost
home and Mike just told me all my
secrets about rolling around in the back
Mike just told me the good news
we're having fun eat our dinner yeah we
just got back I'm sitting down to upload
a video Mike insisted I turn on my blog
camera to show you guys something
something really want my view god it's a
boot space of being there while going
crazy and I've got 20 boots
so you've got little stuff they've got
my flight to get it over to Italy and I
got talk about a little birdie that you
need to be wearing these so I bought you
a lovely set of new I said Oh God I
bought some for my last flower or the
nude one nude ones you know she makes
you so there's that's cool present well
I might have you got me supports what
are you gonna go running well initially
the bionic man deublin ISA balls cuz you
got dodgy knees very touching my feet
fill up really badly on flights so my
grandma had deep vein thrombosis so my
sisters like you need to be wearing fly
socks pretty sure it's only for long
haul but you know I'll rock them anyway
look at this what a spread MDF for
heater King let's eat I'm hungry
I'm gonna show em I don't wear makeup I
just go into bed for five minutes oh oh
you're a Doppler you know what it's a
pact and I just needed a quick map
why don't we pack in the morning darling
should we say good night goodbye
I'm gonna finish everything before we
leave I'm determined this is such a
toughie
see y'all in the morning pie good
morning guys welcome to the 9th of
August today we are in the car on route
to Argos and home base doing more Sony
Bay errands it's actually already about
12 o'clock so we've had a really chilled
morning
