good morning guys welcome to the 9th of
August today we are in the car on route
to Argos and home base doing more Sony
Bey errands it's actually already about
12 o'clock so we've had a really chilled
morning that whopping - we actually
haven't had we woke up super early
squidge needed a we're like 6:30 so she
was like come on I need to go for a wee
like waking us up a lot so then we
walked the dogs and had some breakfast
and now we are on a mission
it's probably the hottest day of the
year like what actually no there wasn't
really one hot let me do it why is the
temperature funny
it feels really hot maybe it's just as
we're in London it's like all of the
heat and all thing all of the heat
radiates off the tarmac I want to feel
hotter Karim the exact name of it yes
yes sir most something it's a
microclimate
London has a microclimate because of all
the concrete anyway I think the
cinematography teachers watching this be
like we're going to get speakers a
coffee machine a mop because that isn't
essential dustpan and brush
carpet cleaner because the dogs have
drops there muddy tennis ball on the
carpet marked it well Simon Kenny oh
yeah washing lines and washing all bumpy
so yeah that is what we're doing now and
then unless he's coming over which is
pretty fun because she has not seen FPS
edge few lumps in a dog which is gonna
be four dogs to walk this afternoon it's
gonna be alright it's gonna be alright
past mission one accomplished Mike's got
a new wind deflector in the mini in the
in the shape of a air drying drying rack
got a mop we got a coffee machine we got
speakers now on to home base where we're
gonna find plants for the window box I
have a window box which I'm really
excited about because we managed to get
the window open and clean yesterday we
need we need plants for the window box
so make it look pretty
what color do you think I want to go for
like pink and orange together because I
love that color combination but I don't
think it will go with outside the house
very well I also think like you have to
choose something fairly neutral to all
the neighbors like it because they're
living in the same house like they have
to see every day to its controversial
controversial
what do we do go for just green but then
that's a bit boring let's let's decide
on spot I really think I mean anything
we also need to Google like what's low
maintenance I'm going to do that on the
way there because I literally kill every
plant that's ever come into my house
ever currently live here plants for the
window box
we know zero of our plants that I like
these a lot look how bright they are so
we're getting two of those and then I
think maybe like the other ones are five
for ten pounds but I don't we need five
anyway
no you won't see this ones as well
little ones in the middle just as long
they're like no and then green a week or
another color in between it's quite a
long window just like so a lot longer
than that it's double that little many
as 10 to a portable garden right now
well it's fair to say the dogs are a fan
of bringing plants into the house
treacle tried to eat one piglet has been
sniffing them for the last five minutes
these guys are getting into the swing of
it and we just met in the neighbors
didn't we pig and we've come out for
some amazing jerk chicken got some ribs
going on we've got some sweet potato
fries with half finishes already these
wings smell so yummy and Mike's got a
jerk chicken burger it's just how you
roll tally in life it's too cool for
school
look at you coolest dog ever so we are
all currently in a very sunny Park with
one two three four dogs we look like
crazy dog people having a little chill
out today has been a super chilled and
nice and we'll head back and edit my
video tonight there and these two are
going back without me so unfair what's
been doing you have a nice roll
piggy-wiggy good stroke me hey pinky
look that's what's gonna happen to you
put sausage dogs milkshakes sausage dog
milkshakes and sausage dog burgers
hotdogs bags the king of the car so when
you're all the dirty Rascals
hey piggy we are on our lonesome again
are we not little piglet well we just
started on the bean bag next piggy the
guys have just gone which is actually
quite sad I was like no because Mike's
fiving with Jesse back at home and we
are saying to us more likes
meeting in the morning in London this is
no point kind of going back now and then
coming back in so me and little Pete is
staying for an extra day I'm actually
really looking forward to getting home
up tomorrow and kind of being at home
for a day before we go to Italy just a
one day pig just that one day yeah can I
tell you what it is sad like when Mike
goes but like it's so much calm where
now there's not three dogs
well four dogs and three people if a lot
of their husbands the last couple hours
in this little room it was pretty hectic
so me and Peggy are just gonna have a
chilly evening I've got loads but
anything to do and maybe get some sushi
takeaway later what do you think pig
might let you have a little bit of the
salmon sashimi mm-hmm how would you feel
about that she's like oh yeah don't
worry guys welcome to Saturday if he aid
that August today is actually a really
exciting day because my sister's best
friend I've known him since I met when I
was when they were 13 and I'm 7 years
young
