good morning guys or should I rephrase
that as bad morning because this one has
just made me go on a run at 6:45 on a
Friday morning 6:45 you've done it all
while and went up and down till like I
have we haven't run in a while oh we're
just going to do an EP little gentle
ones that ease us back in it was like
6:45 in the morning chucking it down
with rain hence we are super wet and the
uphill will blow this and then down till
later and then up I was like this is not
gentle or relaxing what she's not
impressed by well I feel good now let's
put it that way and I'm excited to
actually get my ass back into gear go
tomorrow as well the proper training for
Wonderful's
is starting back up again now because we
have two months two months to go we need
to actually do this because everything
else is done so far has been a poor
effort and I've given up so that's
what's happening if you want to sponsor
us go to my Just Giving page which is
I'll put it on link it down below you
can find it so far my Just Giving page
as well we've Nick you're either on now
I mean we should share it would your
pleasure on the source one mic sing a
marathon which is going to be separate
to that so you can just shush this is my
vlog not yours
oh no if you want to sponsor us we have
done a really really bad job so far a
fundraising and
but we've also done you say you have 30
pounds ready to go date loaded he's a
hard cash we're fundraising for
copperfield and it will win a lot of he
spotted us because I am quite frankly
knowing the runner and I'm not enjoying
it like there was a lot of swearing
there was a lot of whinging there was a
lot of I'm not letting doing this Mike
this is the words of wind and rain in my
face it's like all you ever do is it
tell me what to do you don't know what
you're talking about it you're a
dictator and this is rubbish and then as
soon as we get in I'm like oh yeah to
make those lovely morning well you
haven't said it what I always read it on
our own what did you lie oh oh my god
yeah I wish I had like my broad camera
but that's not how many heavy but um we
found a lab a little black lamb on the
side of the road and it's mummy was on
the other side of the game so it's on a
really busy main road and like when I
picked it up and popped it over the
fence like favor no not just the
lifesaver or under force lightsaber a
cheap doubles
okay Mike thanks for that someone has
getting a little big there good morning
fluffer how are you this morning
are you hungry hmm how silly I spy a
little squid yeah ignore all the mess on
the side front which are you doing oh I
spy the little black and white one
treacle Trudy still have a tail going
behind us I just did a super speedy get
ready I'm actually really happy with my
makeup I just washed and straighten my
hair I don't do anything too crazy but I
will show you my outfits today I'm very
fancy pants for Friday morning because
basically today I am jumping on the
train and going down to London to go to
the CTW
Awards the guys are testing the alarms
you're wondering all of EPs some CW was
basically the cosmetic executive women
awards kind of like beauty industry
award and I got invited with the lovely
people at Rimmel so I am going with them
today and yeah for once I'm not late
which is brilliant my outfit is my green
leather jacket my little prada bag which
is um done with very complex stuff in it
my Sylvian heat self full train want to
be dress and then my Alexander Wang
shoes actually wore this exact outfit in
Japan I didn't have much
to plan my outfit today I just kind of
threw it on I'll go for one I know looks
good together
I'm faster you've seen how guys I feel
like I've had a total vlogging fail
today because I could really film at the
awards they're actually really fun
though which is lots of industry people
it was definitely like not really
available but I am about jump on the
train we go home Friday afternoon
solutely I'm actually excited ox anyone
go see the new audience and galaxy
tonight which I'm not realized is like
one of my all-time favorite movies so
I'm excited to do a second one have a
little bit of bad news I'll explain when
I get home
what happened something really crappy is
also happen what I've been gone which is
delicious but we will find out so I made
it home just about I nearly crashed my
car guys or I didn't actually nearly
crash someone nearly crashed into me and
it was all very traumatic
I was basically driving through my old
school like on the road just outside and
this car I was like approaching a
t-junction that his car just came like
zooming around the corner obviously not
looking where he was going in the middle
of the road and he was that close to
hitting my car and like it's not like as
a blind corner either there's no ahead
it's definitely seen me and my car is
pretty high so he could definitely see
me so I like beats my horns like what
are you doing it was like so close
facing me and then one of the girls who
just come out of lessons was like
standing on the corner and she like
looked at me and I think she must have
recognized me from YouTube what my God
why are here and all of this I think she
must have recognized me from YouTube
because she kind of looked at me and was
like I was like oh and then smiled at
her and drove off so that was you hello
oh yeah so that nearly happened and then
I got home and you know I said there's
something crappy has happened today we
got burglarized not the house but why
not
mike is very unhappy somebody wandering
you don't goddamn mess with is a man's
most
and those mother have stolen two of my
nose what do you even have too much Mike
is my partner Mike over the pot with his
garden with mo and I have a ride on
mower hey me
they're quite new and they've installed
them
well I now put hay bales and all sorts
of things in front of gates so people
can't come we have another painless
security we are they think we're
lighting some people broke in it must
have been last night to the shared
outside and still might smell at least
you can't know this weekend I mean all I
can do I can clean you know there's
mechanic in every unit you know that bit
of moss spurs on the kind of outside the
front yeah I've got a little different
hold on oh I'm happy about that because
I kind of want you to see that this ugly
jeez
you can help I've got another machinery
you can use something with it like
ironing definitely not that I think's
done with no avenues piggy-wiggy where
do you going ha ha ha pig
I
Friday night who someone is an absolute
hypocrite I get a few time on my phone
like 20
what have you been doing the last 20
minutes - number that is as though
happy Friday theatre guys have a whole
bottle to myself a sparkling water slow
down
food has arrived I want to steal one of
my chips
so badly right now well the very very
salt channel I actually got a pretty
female myself I have caught half chicken
match hippies and veg YUM are you
feeling all right
like this gave me a chip what is going
on so this is currently happening
although mike tells me I have to have my
own bag even though only what a few slow
down guides of the Potomac basically I
only eat red sweets true story
guardians of the galaxy what okay Mike I
think you have any favorite film whether
it is the same with its other paw I
really better than the first one my
favorite part was when he said he would
turn into killer and I was best off the
death my Nobel is so good and the
soundtrack was also in the world I'm
tired
so Nephi fossil my was it tight oh I
know because we woke up at a 45 micron
around hell with you come on you let
everybody know I did
you had a fun time I did not fun time
actually going at sunrise with a pencil
on one apart I never finished my blog
last like we got home and I basically
passed out with piglet but we're now
into our Saturday morning and if you
want to see the rest you're going to
have to come back guys I'm sorry but
sneak peek well it seems regarding to
the galaxy soundtrack yeah we are
and yet it's great due tomorrow
