good morning guys welcome to Saturday at
the 8th of August today is actually a
really exciting day because my sister's
best friend who I've known him since I
met when I was when they were 13 and I'm
7 years younger
which makes me 6 so I've known her since
I was 6 she's kind of that's crazy isn't
it and yeah she's getting married today
so she has asked me to do her makeup and
I am prepping so I have to leave
actually have quite a long time it's
only 28 now I have to be at herself plus
12 overall the dog I've got to get ready
myself I'm doing her makeup then they're
having like a really small ceremony so
I'm going over to my friend James whose
birthday is for an hour or so just to
say hi and then we're going back to the
wedding to actually have a party so the
first stop is cleaning the makeup
brushes this is probably like my least
favourite thing to do out of out of
cleaning anything is cleaning makeup
brushes but we're gonna do this let's
get it done brush cleaning mission
accomplished now to do my makeup my hair
because let's face it it's not a good
look right now my hair's going crazy
because I'm so hot last night I feel
like you know and it's just like we
humid and and use your hairs like stuck
dear face gross gross gross gross gross
doesn't happen anything very often but
it was warm but on the plus side it
looks like the Sun is out today again so
good stuff so I'm on my way to the
bride's house right now we're getting
wasted to you the makeup I just got a
call from my sister saying my cell in
the hair salon so I'm gonna go there and
meet them there and
yes do we make up I probably won't vodka
later today because it's gonna be super
super busy and that's a nice sure I want
everything you have like massive clocks
and mirrors and you guys know how much I
like clocks right yeah so that's what's
happening I probably overlooked it a bit
later because I think it probably had
pretty busy doing wedding wake up for
the next hour so yeah I will see you
guys later
hi I like this light back here so I can
say no so it would be the same vine it
makes like a meter behind it wait stay
standing up straight and let's see how
far I have to go before you're the same
height I love it I don't know we can go
you can even like crashing trucks
basically how long since I was in the
cab this morning it's been manic I went
is just the makeup and it went really
well she was really happy and her fake
eyelashes on my sister for the first
time wish she looks amazing
she's enjoying this she says why it's
actually really comfortable
well what he said to me anyway I was
surprised because she's kind of like oh
I'm not sure about these who as
everybody does when they first were a
fake eyelashes that I I think she was
late anyway so maybe you just know it
was such a good make a person you made
it work
Thanks that's why that's why I'm Erica
so basically we then went to well I
would then went to my friend's place for
a birthday barbecue which was really fun
and I saw Missy and I didn't vlog there
because literally Lizzie was the only
person that I had met before
apart from my friend everyone else
actually had brother was there who I'd
met when we were at school like 10 years
ago
but apart from that it was nice really
really awkward to flog and then we're at
the wedding now which is behind this
wall here in this pub and it's really
fun and we've had such good evening
there's been some delicious food it's
amazing the best mushroom of cheese he
was also can we try and recreate that at
home because it was so good firewall
canapes I love is obviously have you
been at least a.m. yes yes here we go on
your own it's all about you so today I
got left on my own bite you hmm yes and
basically there's newbie on camera okay
that wife that I have decided to abandon
me but to keep myself amused I went to a
holiday person garage and me it's the
bike that I might buy mine
nobody on the cards no but no maybe if I
remove all my other ones and then it'll
be on the cards No
so that happened and that was really
good fun all I got you know met a lovely
person holiday persons you know ship
around like lady and she was very nice
showed me and Dan all about these bikes
you know fruit she's very good lady a
boy I met this really nice lady who
showed me motor bikes down he do what
you want so I'm gonna bike this bike is
amazing and then after that I basically
had to go home whilst those partying
having fun with their friends partying
sure a Shing make up yep after that and
you then went to your friends for some
drinks I I have been in that hour of
peaceful time I had to go back and walk
three houses down the street I fed them
to the down the street my spaniels
Ã¡rboles they are the best dogs in the
world your induction your dog my dog
your dog is possibly cutest most
adorable amazing wonderful creature in
the world end of log she thought every
dog she won but having the fact those
three dogs with just myself not helping
it I figured around my legs causing
chaos
it was the most outrageous part anyhow
greatest rage asleep if you were in that
Park today
and you saw piglet barking I apologize
Houston she was up as Bo and I can only
condemn her ownership by it for a
divorce because it is obviously her that
creates this monster of the dog
yeah that happened so I had like what
should have been like a 45-minute walk
turned into like an hour and a half to
get them back in the bar should have
walked faster than um yeah sure I
wish what kind of we do an outfit pay
fine today miss dress which is from all
the same yes do you I think it's a very
pretty day I already told you look
beautiful today I told your beautiful
did I not tell you the people got very
nice with the site not sure that was in
particular focus lips ready
oh so messy so messy
yes you've got some Sunny's my
sunglasses are from key which is a brand
leaking at Topshop I've got them in
nasty cow from so sunny right now so we
need to find out what the right now but
this is really late darling they look
wonderful ones I had with you yes with
me so oh that was my phone if you've
broken that cover you're in so much if I
broken the phone I'd be in water so
after I drop it at least three times
good job it's got a good cover on it
enough we're doing that for the day
shopping up back in my back okay where's
your clutch my clutch is from whistles
okay let me get a it's really full so
you can't see bits as whistles there
it's just like the plain black one came
black and then choosers
my shoes from Topshop they're really
nighties and they look really comfy and
the ashy they like padded at the bottom
like they've really spongy and comfy but
they're really tight around with little
toe they rub my hair
I'm hoping I can stretch them out so
that they're a bit wider but we'll see
we'll see
rookie of the day and then my jewelry
I've been wearing for those that's so
much you've just really that's it you
know that's it done
fair enough well done we've already done
my outfit today we happen not today but
we've done this up yeah basically
wearing a suit but your tie which you
don't wear a lot which I bought you and
it was very expensive which I wanna show
everybody because it's cool it's
Alexander McQueen tie something's going
on inside that doing shot Runk um is now
he's on the McQueen Tyler I bought you
for Christmas a couple of years ago you
were this time is if we don't wear the
gray suit and it's quite funeral yeah I
think you look fairly happy you look
handsome you look dapper
this vlog has just this shot has been
six minutes and 20 seconds if you can
edit somehow I think we can probably say
good night as well because I think we're
beginning do you not see the joke's on
the given no I'm gonna be asleep I'm
gonna say tired he's gonna get space
yeah I'm sick this week has been Craig
Frey and it's gonna be really great next
week we're going to Lake Como and
holiday holiday we're gonna get we're
going it's going it's like pizza we're
getting you know risottos we're getting
awesome it's my favorite place yeah but
you know what might be a problem is the
Internet why don't we uploaded everyday
that's not a problem our Father is but
we're gonna if not we're gonna stockpile
yeah and then do like anime an edited
ready to go because you've got so much
time chillin right so we'll see you guys
so we're having a full family day out
walk right now we have only go front
mic the puppies a lot of leads going
well so far a bit of barking
