so we're having a full family day out
walk right now we have over to go front
mike the puppies a lot of leads going
well so far bit of bother a bit of
barking on our way to the park it's hard
work with three dogs in London I am
feeling super tired today the last few
days have been just absolutely money
it's really really nice to wake up this
morning and have Mike here cuz it's been
like really weird away without you had
to say the other two are adapting much
quicker to London life than Google it
they love it they're so good pigma is
still having stone the lead in case she
runs away which you all know she does a
lot Mike and I just spent well Mike just
spent a good amount of time trying to
work out open the window because it was
actually painted shut
and we finally managed to do it and this
also means that we are able to clean set
window Mike is standing on the window
ledge here I've just been doing all the
like paint work and now he is cleaning
the windows hilarious so I've just been
out about running a few errands and I
have been to buy the spaniels new leads
and I bought the biggest size and I
think they're a bit too big oh that's
great well the other one seems really
small I reckon you can make that small
enough to fit treacle
don't you I'm going to try it I think we
can I think this one will probably need
to go back and get one size down for
squidge because they're on size three at
the moment it's way too small and this
is size five so size four looks really
small well because two equals one is so
small for her I thought what she needed
like and these looks really cozy as well
because compared to the old ones which
like trying to show you guys this is
squidge is old one and it oh no these
are size 2 I think yes they've got from
two to five or two to four but three I
think no I think Scrooge probably hmm
treacle could fit five I think you see
how you get on with that if not I can
take the back
I'm heading into town now to go to a
meeting so I will see you later mdf good
bye yeah bye bye my meeting went really
well actually it was with somebody I
haven't seen in ages it was really nice
to catch up with them I'm now on my way
back I forgot to take a couple of things
back I didn't end up using for my shoot
yesterday
and then I think my sister might be in
London is coming to see the
face after I get back I'm hoping my
phone just ran out of battery so it
literally kills me add a portable
charger and the portable charger ran out
of battery and then the phone ran out of
battery
a major disaster what did we do before
mobile phones I do not know my fate
seriously I feel like I've lost a limb
when I don't have my phone it's actually
like what do I do
I go to reach for it and I'm like oh
it's not that no phone it's probably
good for me to take that
look au squidgy ruin your new collar in
the right size Mike went and swapped
them I think you should have got squidge
the same size that Rico has treat girls
looks like fit squishes still looks
small no be honest work really perfect
she seems happy anyway triclosan on our
bed which is not oh it's the best
I don't know yes a bit nervous to here
for walkies oh let's go we're currently
on the hunt for grass because all three
of these monkeys are refusing to do
their business on concrete so Mike let
us up here which is next but there's no
gate into the park
interesting choice MDF and we have to be
back in like well meant to be back now
because salmon Lauren and my sister and
Diane are coming out for a drink so you
might have to get a cab yeah we took a
different route I was just like yeah
let's go different way it'd be fun
maybe we should stick to the original
Richard because it took us so long to
get the dogs to do their business Hanna
and out how she come to pick us up
because they were like already at our
place
however there's kiddie stuff in the boot
and in here so we're all just free
rolling dams in the front with pig
Hanna's driving and the dogs that are in
the back with us just ease them down
aminos ridiculous dogs have in London
the most country we're like yes all we
need now is the sled I am now sitting in
the dog bed but due to the lack of
furniture with a nice little glass of
champagne Mike is here with a beer what
Pam is here with some champagne Dan
sitting only covers we're getting
creative for the furniture
and Lauren's here as well and sounds
here on you guys gets tools as fancy
yeah so fancy Holly a rollerblading raw
vegetable meter playing it's like the
memo guys it would have been our
rollerblading party right now you
imagine me a runaway party I was filming
in he's not we have like a half an hour
away from the table so good was they're
giving us a drink and we've got a staff
to sit on but then we don't now have
entertainment
it's so hot tonight it's honestly like
being away in somewhere topically warm I
am taking a bite of the food yet but
it's fast today I think is gonna be
worth away and the looks of it and I got
spaghetti alle vongole
hell yeah might got the same which is
winning a controversial fear mine you
don't normally go for clam what else
feeling adventurous
it should be as well sound tearing it
because salmon get my food with sausage
meat just in case that wasn't enough
food for every thinking hmm you know
what I fancy right now two chocolate
bomb souffle type things might got the
black one my stars these guys think they
are this is the Beatles crossroad it's
not it's just not they're gonna get run
over you guys are going the wrong way
didn't stop did they we're gonna cross
over oh here we go here we go here we go
so we're now on my way home I so tired I
feel like I've eaten coward I feel like
I have eaten
doughnuts pasta basil frozen yogurt
correct so I've eaten so much today I am
stuffed absolutely shouldn't people like
a big fat stuffed at aubergine I feel
like I'm waddling why don't we get a
Boris way back then
cuz you need to set up an account it's
actually not that easy it's just picking
one up I don't I'm in town yet there is
a Boris bike right we should do that as
what should we do surely sir sir is
there actually yes wait you actually
actually do that
what if there's no spaces though then
you get in big trouble and there's
probably gonna be one focus on them and
then you have to em and you're nothing
big trouble but it's a good idea I liked
their thinking I like to have worked off
I like meals have worked off the made
pasta which is probably gonna be here
for today because we are gonna go back
now you can be in shock by doing well
we're gonna go back now and walk the
dogs because they're gonna be boys
they're gonna be annoyed because the
week they left will Civello they've had
the longest walks they've had a good day
why do men they've been lucky
they've been very lucky dog today I'll
see you guys in the morning I'm actually
doing makeup for my sister's best
friend's wedding tomorrow exciting
really come on guys welcome to the 6th
of august today is my big shoot day
which I'm super excited about and I just
took delivery of something really
exciting but you can see I've got more
clothes hanging up on the wall this is
going to be feature
