good morning guys welcome to the 6th of
August today is my big shoot day which
I'm super excited about and I just took
delivery of something really exciting
but you can see I've got more clothes
hanging up on wall this is going to be
featuring in the video that we're
shooting today I wish I could keep this
because it's so cool but I'm actually
just borrowing it it is a red bicycle
it looks enormous as well actually
couldn't even keep it in the corridor
because it's so wide like the handlebars
a huge so old-fashioned I love it it's
one of the Victoria Pendelton ones that
I've been lent for the day so yes can
anyone guess what we're doing yet red
bike red clothes and guesses No
piggy is laughs like chilling out on her
sheepskin rug I do not pick a wiggle
she's like yeah this is how I roll
on to the second outfit she didn't got
the first ones we had a bit of a
stressful start we had some technical
problems but the guys are here from
spirit digital hello and they apart from
filming you they're also attaching a
basket to the bike which piglet is gonna
be sitting in this is very exciting
I don't think she's going to like it how
cool is this could put some shopping in
there put some flowers your dog whatever
you want handy everybody needs a basket
on their bike right so with three
outfits down and we stopped for a lunch
break and Maxine place I've got jalapeno
tacos hell yes and a cheeky little
watermelon margarita because it's about
three o'clock ish the final outfit of
the day we are heading to a little bar
to get a red cocktail in my red dress
with piglets good stuff and then that's
pretty much it and then Mike's coming to
London with the Springer's which I'm
really scared about so here we are doing
the final shot of the day sneaky sneaky
it's my little cocktail were drinking
piglets down here which is not actually
in shock but yeah the watermelon
cocktail one of my favorite things ever
we're having a celebratory post shoot
massive bowl of chips the boys very
happy right now they do the best chips
right now I'm like they're crispy rice
crispy and salty I've got piglet who
needs to go home for her food in a
minute I'm being a bad doggy mummy and
you're late coming your dinner but she's
chillin I did take my shoes off as well
fish you're still being an ass bo Pig
are you gonna do this is what happens
when you got really long legs my long
legs and silly spaniels very silly
dashing I've got the mega giggles
because we got back Mike was like I
haven't eaten dinner
no starving I'm so annoyed little the
dogs by the way FYI super hilarious it's
Mike super starving we get back he's
like I want to order sushi bring out the
sushi place we are close we close at 10
p.m. it's like 10 past 10:00 it's like
this is not good enough my tricep I see
she knows who she says that fine we're
getting Domino's
I haven't had Domino since I was maybe
22 which is don't need you chicken wings
because I had a few chips earlier but I
thought I thought I hadn't didn't either
I don't maybe chicken wings at Domino's
with Frank's redhot sauce on them Mike
site yeah do you want seven 14 or 21
like dead do you want seven 14 or 21
chicken wings as a small female normal
human being who's eaten a bowl of chips
already I was like 21 21 chicken wings
I'm ordering myself before slice pizza
force like this is this is what I mean
okay Mike wouldn't be surprised if I
turn around I said
him I'll have checked 21 chicken wings
yeah I'm still surprised you have a
half-size pizza because of all the
waiters Oh Satan wages as well missing
anything or not no I'm alone okay sorry
but are you getting the garlic dip
that's the best part about Domino's
isn't it
come on it is good even you like it you
don't like condiments very much
you know what Artemus MDF missed you
mister I miss you a lot like a really a
lot I think you're super cute - I knew
something would become where news/bad he
was horrid I mean I mean I skip the
photo I said he was good he was very
good when he was bad he was horrid or
slices or six the football teachers
eight come I have bite okay I saw six
now can you get Cantonese no these two
on another day different note these two
were so excited to see each other chicas
got special likes taking a time outside
they were so excited to see each other
I've never seen anything like it
they are bestest buddies look at them
they're like and it trickles doing some
kind of thing just picking it look at
them squid just like I ruled the roost
the big one yeah
piglets yes treacle things oh god I'm
being suffocated by pig it all about
sweets
Mike's just condensed pizza and I just
got really really overexcited because
the studio has been in a huge mess today
because we've been shooting till pretty
late and there were hooks on the back of
the door in cupboard and I've just
arranged a little doggie set up for
tomorrow morning which i think is the
cutest thing ever
so this is squiddy's hook this is regal
hook this is piglets hook and then this
is all the doggy like bulls and stuff
super cute
it's gonna be very exciting walking
times tomorrow I'm sad
I still have some editing to use my UPS
Oh super sight super tired though today
them really fun but it's been a long day
what was that my ways this one's
excitement right now sitting down to a
massive delivery of Domino's is quite
funny got cinema wedges which look dusty
delicious let me spinach mini pizza and
what does an aisle drive just finishes
one little package oh and she has a
special red hot package I haven't had
one is the big yes this is the problem
with having spaniels in London but one
here and there's one freaking out over
there and the corner not she's just
caught she's behind the bathroom cooler
at the bathroom we tried to get them to
sleep in the sitting room but they kept
hearing cars going across the window and
kept barking
I feel like this month froggy has been
all about dogs huh we're crazy dog
people guys see you in the morning I had
a really cool day bye guys hey guys and
welcome to the 5th of August 2015
so today I'm just gonna shut the blinds
well now it's dark today I'm heading to
the judging panel for the Saints Beauty
Awards which by mature
