hey guys welcome to the 5th of August
so today I'm just gonna shut the blinds
cool now it's dark today I'm heading to
the judging panel for the same Beauty
Awards which by my charge fawn surprise
surprise I'm running a little bit late
but on the plus side I have approval to
bring Zee pig oh do you like mine in the
faux sheepskin rug that was a very very
good IKEA purchase the other day she
loves it
are we going on an adventure again
little one let's go let's go first time
she's been in central London let's do
this so we just got back and we had a
really good day think he's actually
really excited some reason is just
jumping around wagging her tail it's the
first time she's wagged her tail when we
come back into the flat so um it's very
exciting yes I'm glad you're finally
getting into the swing of things she
charmed everybody that's my camera strap
she charmed everybody today oh hello
hello next girl she totally charmed
everyone she was very well behaved and I
didn't actually vlog what are you doing
dog I didn't oh you shouldn't use such a
monkey okay that's nice that's nice oh
hello hello yes okay okay I don't know
what what I didn't actually blog today
upside down now monkey because it's been
non-stop and it was kind of secret
because obviously you guys are lots of
the winners but you'll find out I guess
if you're gonna look at the fence
breathe Beauty Awards I have had a good
day I'm feeling like really knackered
I'm actually gonna head out now and
leave the pinger would go for an hour or
so which she's not gonna like I have a
shoot tomorrow for a really exciting
project I'm doing with a brand that I
need to ask if I can talk about it
before the air comes out because I don't
know and I don't want to like ruin it be
like I'm working even bah bah blah and
then they're like
secret yeah I'm doing really exciting
shoot tomorrow
and I need a couple more items for it
it's a lookbook shoot so I need like one
more outfit and then a few little extra
things because it's themed not gonna
tell you what it's themed on but it is a
themed perk you are ridiculous so I need
to head I don't think I'm gonna head to
Westfield probably just because it's got
everything in one place and it's gonna
be a tube strike tonight which is not
ideal so I don't really want to go
anywhere in like central London because
then getting out is gonna be manic so
I'm gonna go it's about half was three
no four o'clock now cuz I left almost as
well and this one is just mental so I'm
gonna try and get back and then it'll be
time for your tea I'm w-word which she's
actually starting to enjoy very very
exciting you like a little batch yes you
are you're so cute you've got the
biggest is in the world
okay enough baby talk with the dog now
bye I'm currently in the process of
focusing on my face of running around
one still trying to
I need for the list for tomorrow and not
take too long and leave piggy so so far
I've seen like one out there think it's
Bluebeard but whenever you're like in a
time crunch it's always so much harder
to find stuff don't know why okay was a
successful shopping mission I'm now on
my way back to do all the prep and a
whole lot of ironing I brought clothes
from home and I actually had to bring
them whilst they were like half damp so
that's so creased I hate ironing so much
it's gonna be a good night
myotismon sushi is welcome and the roads
were crazy because the incheon strike
what is about to start in like 20
minutes so just go back to this little
one and she was very happy to see me and
we're now going for a evening walk
but you know what piggy it's raining
outside
it's a good job I've got one exit hoodie
to steal oh hi you excited got the hood
up ready for this
come on piglet you're gonna love this
even more than last night I hope so
because you're so cute and I just got
lots of dog food breath kisses cuz I
just fed her and then she decided that
she wanted to give me lots of kisses and
it was pretty gross I got a special
sushi sushi package for dinner on my way
home because my friend Amy is coming
around to help prep for tomorrow
piglet did not like going into the
shishi place I had my icon is his sushi
today she didn't like going in anyway
and she I had to pick her up super
embarrassing and she decided she wants
to destroy a pair of corgis
and shout at them a lot so embarrassing
piggy so I just devoured the mother lode
of sushi and as you can see behind me
there's a lot of clothes kind of hanging
up and kind of organized just finished
doing all that for tomorrow I've still
got a lot of ironing to do tomorrow I
was gonna do it tonight but I've got
loads of editing to do so I'm gonna do
that instead and I'm sitting here with
pig the chill Meister general she is in
a very funny position she's loving it
she's loving being able to sleep in my
bed with me as well she's probably the
cuddliest dog in the world she sleeps
like curled up right next to me doesn't
move all night she's so funny the one
time she did movement no she like just
gets closer and cuddles up so cute
she's probably gonna wake up now and
look at me and be like ah
cuz I've got glam glow on my face ready
for tomorrow I am in the editing now and
just generally continue being this sexy
because let's face it it's a good look
right it looks even sexy when it starts
dry around the edges like it is now it's
like mmm so under my nose which is
like a bogey it's not your bad look the
glamour is getting even sexier now and I
haven't actually spoken since I put it
on because I'm on my own and now I'm
just talk to the camera it's all
cracking I'm starting to fall asleep
editing and I'm like oh my god I need to
take this off oh my god I need to take
this off because if I go to sleep it's
gonna be green all over everywhere on
another note this is probably one of the
cutest things I've seen I have been
defeated I'm in bed ready for sleep and
I feel a bit like spaced out I'm sooo
tired my face is so red from like the
glam glow it's gonna look at in the
morning they fingers crossed this little
one is ready for us news we'll see you
guys in the morning
and I feel like today's been a bit
boring I'm sorry if today's vlog has
been a bit boring because I feel like I
haven't blog or haven't been able to
vlog a lot of it tomorrow will be better
because there's cool stuff going on
tomorrow and Mike's coming down to
London with Springer Spaniels tomorrow
things are gonna get crazy in the moment
so much dawdler see you guys in the
morning
here we go again this is currently
quarter 6 in the morning
less on her morning walk and she's doing
decidedly better she's done the winter
poop we haven't come across any other
dogs yet though which is the main
problem
see how we do in the park PE we made it
