here we go again this is currently
quarter to 6:00 in the morning
pickle is on her morning walk and she's
doing decidedly better she's done the
winter poof we haven't come across any
other dogs yet though which is the main
problem see how we do in the park piggy
we made it to the park luckily there is
barely anyone around piglet is enjoying
the grass jumped on it and weed on it we
just got back
we were walking for about an hour and
she did pretty well she still stops in
the middle of roads so when you're like
crossing road if it's a really if
there's a little one she's okay but it
was a really big one she'll get like
almost to the edge and then hit the deck
like oh my god I can't do it and I have
to pick her up so funny unless it's
really quite fun and then I kind of
crouched I'm gonna come over here and
she'll come but she was okay and she met
a friend on the way actually met a
really nice guy I think it was a so
he's a dog he had and he was on the
other side ready he started barking as I
was sorry and we kind of cross because
it's really were walking and I was like
I'm so sorry it's her first time in
London she was going mental he was like
oh don't worry and I she like stayed for
a couple of minutes and like they kind
of made friends a bit she didn't really
stop walking she's a little bit towards
the end but it was good we made progress
he was super friendly as well he was
like oh don't worry I totally understand
I was like she's like normally no in
London she freaks out so ah now I am
gonna make my video live that didn't go
live last night left uploading and then
I'm gonna get Freddie and sort out this
problem about to go I have a panel this
morning and I want to do a quick outfit
today however I don't have a full-length
mirror yet so a moody district and stand
on the toilet in the past
it's a non-conventional outfit of the
day guys but we're gonna do it there's
pic oh my god she's venturing she's
venturing out of the bedroom did she use
this actually is another outfit that I
got in Topshop of the weekend by the bag
which is my Chloe bag but yeah so the
jacket shirt trousers and shoes are all
from Topshop I'm hoping pick isn't
trying to escape from that open door
there
I better go no she's not just going back
into the bedroom she's like okay quite
well
so yeah this is my outfit and then I
just have my standard layered necklaces
on my jewelry and those it I'll see you
guys later but not too happy about
leaving pick up maybe go around an hour
and a half so I hope she's gonna be okay
you're gonna be okay little weasel she's
got enough toys there you do you got
enough toys little monkey though I've
just arrived for the STOVL girls and
they put on this massive spread for
breakfast in our little presentation
resync loving it enough food for about
at least 20 people this is the size of
the room hi Kay so just got back to this
little one how you doing you're very
excited use so good
oh-ho I'm sorry I left you are you ready
for adventures this afternoon are you Oh
piggy good girl cook I missed you we are
having a little bit of lunch before my
secret meetings at chosen firehouse and
they led doggies in the garden so
Piggy's here sleep thank you very much
who my food just arrived it looks like
this crab and lobster omelet that looks
actually amazing
yeah Piggy's out for the count super
cute
we're having a little bit of a break
from our afternoon of meetings now and I
found a park
turns out Pig had been holding her way
in all day since this morning and did
the biggest week as soon as we hit grass
she was like yes and we're now moving
around trying to get and everyone say
hey he's spend apart and she's just
barking at people right
Bigler is currently making herself at
home on the sofa and she helps with
White House casual it's a casual
afternoon Pig I think you could make
something of this London life
hey she's like shut up I'm trying to
sleep I'm having the world's most
extreme green juice right now it's
cucumber celery spinach kale and lettuce
nothing sweet it's extreme but I'm
feeling good about myself
might try to eat something piglet she
would not be having it so I'm in another
cab right now Pig Leo's here as well
she's not loving life she's not loving
the car life and we are on our way to
the last meeting of the day
hello to the yes I think the time is
about that is all I've got to update you
on I can't tell you what any of these
meetings are outside which is really
frustrating but you guys will find out
like next week super exciting stuff has
got my guys very exciting top-secret
stuff we're home piggy has just had her
tea you like having your tummy rubbed
little minx pigs just had a tea and
we're off for another walk I feel like
today has just been pigs day out it's
all about you piggy Wiggy wus you've
been such a good girl
the meetings went so well I'm so excited
about these there's actually two things
that are happening that I'll compensate
great but I'm super excited about all of
them I'm actually feeling really drained
for some reason it's like having
meetings like all day just take that out
of you so I'm gonna take piggy for a
walk and then I'm going for dinner with
Jack which will be delightful and I
think we're actually going somewhere
that is dog friendly so this one is
coming too hey Pig you're being a proper
girl about London town these days she
was like a para dog right now big news
guys
she made it onto the wooden floor and as
she tried to get on the bean bag and
decided it was too high so she's sitting
on the floor in a grub but she is still
in here and I have a feeling she's
actually liked the walk we just went on
we just went for an hour didn't we piggy
and we walked all the way around we went
to the park she saw some other dogs
barked a bit but then stopped and
made friendly kind of moves towards them
now we are going out for dinner with
Jack and you're coming to you're going
to be exhausted tonight but you know
you've ever done so much in one day huh
you're such a good girl
Walt you're Jack right here who's
actually had a shave but looking very
clean-cut this evening Jack piglet is
thoroughly shattered and we actually
just met
own a boy version of piglet and they got
really really excited about the fact
that piglet was a long-haired miniature
dachshund shaving cream and was a girl
and was insane and wanted to have her
babies basically we met a piglet admirer
arranged marriage arranged marriage they
like we can go and get him
has she been spayed like we want to have
babies I don't want to sell piglet for
this she's only a year old so we'll see
yeah well it's a prune and
I'm super hungry actually drinking these
cocktails as well which are gin lime
wrong saffron and rosemary and they are
delicious the foods arrived I went for
quinoa salad with watermelon feta my
favorite combination ever a lot of chips
jack confit duck less food than the
other day I was just filming some
footage for today's vlog and realized I
forgot to end my vlog last night because
I got back and I was so tired and I was
editing the day before and then I forgot
to end my vlog again this one is
sneezing for some reason my entire show
was going on they're crazy dog yeah
that's gonna be of today and I'll see
you tomorrow bye bye and bye bye from
the pig her first day in London was
successful I have to say she's like yeah
whatever so I'm all ready to film when I
just sat down and I've lost the mount
for my camera which is the most small
insignificant annoying piece of plastic
to lose but it means that I can't film a
video so I either find them out or we
come up with an alternative solution for
a tripod many of us so for us
