so I'm all ready to film and I just sat
down and I've lost the mount for my
camera which has been my small
insignificant annoying piece of plastic
to lose but it means that I can't film a
video so I neither find them out or we
come up with an alternative solution for
a tripod many was so frustrating about
5,000 books you have a spare tripod some
why don't you okay problem solved I
managed to dig out Mike's old tripod and
I've sorted it let the filming commenced
it's like a filming marathon I spy a
sleepy little drinky oh did I wake you
up sweetheart oh you're so cute you're
so cute treacle bum bum good he's long
bits on her side funny when she runs
they like flap up and down was he big
pause he's got the big pause I've had a
little bit of a stressful morning you
know he have one of those days about
everything that goes well can go wrong
seems to go wrong so it started off with
my tripod being non-functional and then
just everything I added my vlog and then
it got like messed up so I had to
rewrite the whole thing but your back
might just cook me a massive plate of
pasta it got to about ten plus two as
well because everything was going wrong
and I was really hungry and it was a
disaster so Michael home was like I'm
gonna cook some fast might do some work
I've got some more filming to do that is
the update for now mm-hmm hello so this
is the current state of affairs right
now I'm now filming my pamper routine
video in my very echoey bathroom it's
gonna be a voiceover so should be okay I
have a blue-green face right now yes I
do I'm now ready to get in the bath I'm
not naked don't worry guys I have a
bikini on I am now getting a bath in my
bikini and getting ready to film oh
poverty
I'm wearing a bikini and all I'm gonna
show any body shots but just in case
there's any dodgy reflections because
let's face it we do not want any private
parts reflected in any taps do we now
this is behind the scenes of filming a
panther routine video
the chaos and carnage that we have
created and this is my space and having
to be involved so we have that Christmas
playing you like it was me and this is
the doggie behind the scenes sitting
outside of the bathroom waiting for us
to be finished Oh Peggy is life hard
it's really really hard she just like
curls herself around my feet you silly
girl you're so cute here so qpe
i filmed my video now and i now have
like zero makeup and my hair is kind of
gray because I did a pamper routine
after putting all my makeup on this
morning too from a different video I'm
now packing I'm gonna be in London for
the next five days I have an hour before
we have to leave what are you guys doing
in my office this little one is coming
with me for her first adventure in
London her first proper adventure
because the last time she went she was a
little puppy weren't you
and so piggy is coming to stay with me
in London for the week to keep me
company she's coming to my meetings
tomorrow yes she is she's very snazzy
she's a snazzy dog so we've got a pack
as well as pack lights because I'm gonna
be taking her on the train let's do this
we're on our way to the train station I
have piggy in my arms she's already
feeling a bit scared she doesn't travel
fast does she do you Pig are you
starting to chill out a bit now she got
in the car and she was like oh
but hopefully she'll kind of children
trading stuff the lighting is pretty
great if you guys can't see if you don't
go that's good fella Mike is driving me
to the station because he's the best
husband in the world I'm gonna miss you
this week
that's only like three days away or two
and a half days away and so it begins
barking at the people gonna be a
slippery take isn't a little bit she's
actually being really good I think she's
still a little bit
so we arrived little pickle we've got
has taken a jacket off and has decided
this room is the only room she wants to
go in I've been trying to get her in
here to cover the wooden floor but she
won't come she says no I stay in here
hold little weasel wouldn't take you for
walking and it's good for we yeah is it
a big bad world out there piggy is it a
big bad world out there is it it did you
not realize it was so many people in the
world huh I'm not picky I think this
little one has found her snow girl spot
I wonder where you will be sleeping to
my little piggy the only problem is my
little bean is that you need a wee-wee
before bed and so we're gonna have to go
out and brave the big wide world and go
for a wee-wee however I have a feeling
you will not want to go down because I
tried to walk her through the train
station and she was not having it she
liked to lay on the floor and refused to
move you're looking very at home right
now piggy I have been doing some editing
and trying to get my video up tonight
which doesn't look like it's happening
for some reason my portable Wi-Fi is
being really slow normally takes like 10
minutes to upload video but says it's
taking three hundred and ten minutes so
it may be up tomorrow I think I'm gonna
have to get up super early because my
first thing tomorrow at 9:45 and I've
got to be like looking sharp
I've also got to walk this one which I'm
really nervous about because I think
she's gonna bark all the other dogs in
the park slash just not walk it's either
gonna be not walk or bark at everybody
basically and then yeah I have a meeting
first thing that she can't come to is
we're just gonna have to stay here for a
little bit on her own and then she's
coming with me for the rest of the day
so it's a big old day for little piggy
piglet is doing pretty well but apart
from the fact that she decides to stop
and not
she's having a nice snap of the smells
next to the tree of the wing good shoe
the walk in so we're in bed now after a
long and unsuccessful walk on the we
front we saw a couple of other dogs and
piglet barked her head off at them super
awkward I just remembered I haven't
taken I sure I don't have makeup on I'm
about best feeling ever
so yes we are gonna go to bed now and
see you guys bright and early in the
morning I'm gonna try get up really
early and walk this one like super early
so there aren't too many other dogs
about maybe like 5:30 or something just
to yeah not drop her right in the middle
of it because I think I'm gonna try and
take at Hyde Park because she wouldn't
we on the concrete so we've gotta go
find some grass haven't we piggy you
coming for sure no girls mister one I
also brought this little stuffed with me
that somebody gave me at the meet up on
Sunday she's not very impressed about I
don't know it's just guess she's a bit
nervous but yeah piggy done good that's
it for tonight guys I'll see you
tomorrow I've got a long day of work
tomorrow but it's gonna be funny having
piggy with me cuz she's a good little
campaign you know you pick a wiggle
wiggle she's like leave me alone I'm
trying to sleep I'll speak to you guys
in the morning
bye guys today's the day of my top rope
Meetup I'm super excited
I am currently putting my makeup on this
is a situation that is going down right
now
got my candle lit smelling great a
mirror and makeup that is the extent of
