good morning guys today's the day of my
top crop Meetup I'm super excited
I am currently putting my makeup on this
is a situation that is going down right
now
got my candle lit smelling great a
mirror and makeup that is the extent of
the morning so far they my cars picking
me up at 8:30 pretty early for a Sunday
morning hence I still sound a bit quirky
I might make a cup of tea actually it
will be the kitchen's first cup of tea
guess we didn't make one yesterday
that's going to do it here we go Brandon
Newcastle let's see how fast this bad
boy could boil - very true statements
right here this one - Mike this one's
for me
there's some people you're lazy yet
don't spill it on the sheets so Mike's
thinking hammering out so about doing a
play for my means up about to leave all
of my clothes are from Topshop this is
my little mini Topshop yeah but a side
action
aside actually I love it I have a
similar one from Sandra that was a lot
more expensive this is Bella
I'm Way over excited about it and it's
going to be as well then I'm having
these great skinny jeans tighten I would
normally go for but the personal
shopping under the name says that they
were a good combo with this and I have
to agree with her and then these are my
boots and other Chelsea boots I love the
height of the heels they're comfy I say
that now but they're not like too hot to
mine and I'm actually gonna put on a red
lips and running bit Lakes I think you
get there like an hour before everyone
else get there and then I have on my
views the wrong way around I have on my
little necklaces I've been wearing the
last couple of weeks this B was from my
sister for my birthday which is the
wrong way around the barrel beads bub
and then this little disc was actually
from Mike's sister that I got late when
I got back from LA because she posted it
to me super duper exciting I love it and
then this is my little like charm
necklace and that's it tell you what
let's not do my happy Thursday right now
pants recording mother you're not coming
I'm gonna go meet people I'm going to
Argos see you later
so I've just arrived all to the circus
ready for my meet up and I love coming
to central London's early the morning
especially on Sunday please literally
like no one here normally this is one of
the busiest places in London I'm not
actually sure where I'm meant to be
meeting the girl I think
so I've arrived in the store and it's
probably the coolest thing ever being in
an empty pop shop it's like my dream all
I want to do now is run around and like
shop but I can't we've got some
breakfast going on look how amazing got
fruit
we've got protein pots which I like my
favorite thing ever in the whole world
as you guys know I always always buy
them got some muffins we've got some
juices and the lovely girls here from
Topshop are packing up these goodie bags
which I got really really really
overexcited about so everyone that comes
today is gonna get one of these and
inside if I can open it with one hand
it's gonna be tricky here we go you get
makeup goodies so excited
so my meet up and when I leave you with
thank you so much to everybody who came
I'd be really cool being able to do
something when it was ticked hit
everyone so chill that was breakfast
special thing super exciting I'm gonna
go and find right now and see what he's
been doing I know he's probably gonna be
have been really bored on his own so
yeah let the Sunday chilling come up so
I'm back from my meetup now and I'm
sitting on my beanbag actually like one
piece of furniture that we have in here
right now and I wanted just to say to
you guys very quickly if you couldn't
make it to this meetup which I know a
lot of you can't both because you're not
based in London or if you didn't get a
ticket because there's only 40 spaces I
actually have five spare goodie bags to
give away which are the makeup bag that
I showed you and then the products
inside you get a few products from the
Topshop festival collection which is
what this whole meetup was about so if
you guys haven't seen their festival
collection I'll put a link to my blog
post below where I like did swatches and
reviewed the whole thing so go and check
that out if you like glitter and you
like kind of getting creative and things
like that a little bit of shimmer
shimmer here and there then it's
definitely go and check it out if we're
going to a festival it's perfect
for festival makeup so yeah I'm gonna be
giving away five of those and all you
need to do to enter is to head over to
Twitter and send me a little tweet and
say why you would like to win whatever
you're doing with summer weather it's
because you're going to a festival
whether it's just cuz you love glitter
mister outflow divorce and also hashtag
Topshop beauty and at reply Topshop as
well and we'll get five of those sent
out to you guys if you want to win one I
would definitely recommend it because
the makeup bags are super cute yes I'm
gonna chill out for a few minutes now
and just like Zen out a little bit so
we're now on our way to Ikea to look for
a desk and because we have no furniture
and I
an on face and basically there's
apparently game-worn at Wembley like
speaking out and like for you I would
listen you didn't say what where else
would we have gone different like you to
go to this one way to tell me that I did
yeah but you tell me how to find it
sharp navigation dilemmas is a party
going on actually got way quieter we
walked and there's like a really loud
music raving up and I hear on Sunday
there's a lot of people here
Mike and I are currently having a debate
over this mini tabletop besides fighting
for cyberspace it's four pounds I have
to store one of these and these are way
more expensive I'm not gonna be ironing
much that is ridiculous but if I'm doing
a shoot in London okay
and I've got a wrinkly dress it will be
very convenient dry things on it could
try it if I wash the stuff I don't know
how much more shall we doing
but ironing is definitely yeah well no
because honestly if I'm shooting like
out there sister
yeah I'm stuff is wrinkly I hate ironing
sure he doesn't believe me this is when
you know Mike divorce means business
he's about the computer my handbag is in
the baby seat because it's my baby
all right there so are you were googling
things technically putting her numbers
in we need that one
we got a sushi delivery or Mike - we got
Cassie curry just in time to get back I
also did not know
hey nice t-shirt Mike Mike has one of
the gunship t-shirts which is my
brother's band I want one so bad look
how badass is oh maybe she don't know
nature looks like it's shining awesome
we've got a lot of sushi going on right
here
yes baby this is mine put yellowtail
with jalapeno and I've got a rainbow
roll this is Mike's and look at that
throws away all that goodness all of the
vegetables I'm going to eat those Mike
has gone to borrow an electric drill
from his sister I however am making
pretty good leeway with just this we're
getting our DIY on this is a desk or it
will be I made a table I made a table
you didn't help me and Mike have the
biggest fights when doing DIY Mike is
currently trying to put together the
other table and got mixed up with the
legs and put the wrong legs on
cheer ma we're giving him chocolates
these were given to me by snot Cadbury
is their fancy chocolates these were
given to me by one of the girls that
came to meet up today very manly
chocolate high heels yeah buddy that's
for you Oh oMG guys I'm still hurting
blog that's not a bad note I did not
finish my blog last night on the second
day I sucked and it's not in focus okay
there's problems here we go so yeah I
didn't finish my blog last night we just
came home and I passed out on the sofa
hence I didn't finish my vlog I'm sorry
I hope you guys can forgive me I had
such a fun day yesterday but I was super
tired and Mike was smashing the DIY so
he was super tired as well so that is it
for today see you guys tomorrow bye good
morning everybody and welcome to the
very first day of vloggers I guess that
I call it more go psycho didn't remember
what the name of it is vlog 'us and
vlogging every day in August I have felt
the need to sing that basic
