good morning everybody and welcome to
the very first day of vloggers I guess
that I call it Lagos I can't even
remember what the name of it is focused
I'm vlogging every day in August I kinda
felt the need to sing that basically
today my extrav immune to the station
we've got some exciting stuff ahead of
us
so yesterday I picked up the keys to fdf
HQ in London you guys haven't noticed
from watching my vlogs Mike's beeping
the Sheep out of the way I've been
spending a lot of time in under the last
kind of year a couple of years really so
I've got a studio down there now so I
can do some work while some there and
stay over and just generally use it to
actually make my life a bit easier work
wise so I'm not moving out I'm not
leaving this one we are doing as
dramatic as that'd be amazing I'm still
gonna be living at home with Mike
obviously I'm not gonna be living there
but if you guys see a new background
that will be the studio in London so
yesterday I went and picked up the keys
and today we are moving stuff down so at
the moment it is an empty box we're
going to be doing quite a bit of kind of
refurbishment to it over the next few
months because it's not in Great Neck it
needs its kind of redecorating and stuff
and yes I'm hopefully gonna be filming a
lot down there
and it's my little office away from home
which is super super exciting so yes
that's what's happening today I'm
actually getting the train down now
because I also have a personal styling
session in Topshop today which is so
exciting I've always wanted to do it I'm
actually doing a meet-up with them
tomorrow in their store and they really
kindly offer me a personal styling
session today so I'm going to go down
for that and then Mike is driving down a
little bit later with the car full of
stuff
so it kind of kills two birds with one
stone it makes more space in the car
because I'm not there and I also might
doesn't have to hang around whilst I'm
doing the Topshop stuff that is what's
happening going whoa don't hit the other
car come another way get out of the road
go to the train station now I'll see you
in London baby
so my Topshop mission was potentially a
little too successful it's really good
actually I've never done the personal
styling stuff before and I got up an
hour and she was so nice and it was so
like non-intimidating and just really
cool and I also got Prince liberties and
got a gift for Mike's best friend George
because it's his birthday today
and we're going out for dinner with him
tonight
a wallet just in there and yeah I'm
heading back to the studio now hopefully
meeting Mike there he left a little
while after he dropped me officer
hopefully we should be there at the same
time if all goes had a disaster guys the
bag is broken like a 10-minute walk away
nightmare so we are in we actually have
zero zero furniture right now so we've
stolen the bean bags from home Jack's
here as usual I can't get rid of him
actually now are in London you're never
gonna be gone so yeah we're gonna go get
some lunch now because Mike is tired of
unpacking boxes and Jack is hungry -
lets go and yeah so far there's just
whiteness and a mirror and a candle look
at this candle this was a present from
Sam and Lauren for my birthday that I
actually got after I'd film - my
birthday video because I picked it up
from them what I went to stay with them
the other day
it's the most amazing candle ever it's
by Tom Dixon eclectic London candle and
it is in a copper pot with a white
marble top literally this was made for
me
it's amazing blown out before we go out
look at this Bloody Mary it's probably
the best-looking Bloody Mary I've ever
seen in my life
Mike's looking at it with this gust and
literally you're coming go in there me
Mike hates gherkins more than anything
else so we ordered our food and I'm not
there like quite subscribe
it looks amazing this is quinoa salad
with a poached egg avocado beans spinach
quinoa loving it
right now
he ordered the double cheeseburger fell
over my plant a single cheeseburger the
food coma is happening right now
just finish making the bed and it's cozy
in here
what's this my breakfast to bed I have
to leave I think I like 8:30 tomorrow
morning so we're sleeping here tonight
we don't have any furniture including a
bed so this is what we're doing this is
so cozy I have a blow-up mattress with a
tap duvet and then I have on top of that
mattress topper
Venna sheet then the duvet and the
pillows it's so cozy is that you like
sleeping in a giant snow you're a duffer
are they you offer dinner cuz I'm gonna
be like she was such an ass Buffy god
help us all hey guys
so maybe you can see me now that's some
kind of crazy streetlight situation
going on
leah on my way back from dinner as she
didn't love much or any dinner really
because it was basically a group of
people who I had never worked for and
him we'd only met my explain and his
fiancee who birth it was so it's like
there's a pluggable situation and there
non blockable situation if you guys
demography will understand this
basically like if you have an ever
experienced before it's like the way
this thing in the world right here
someone gets our camera dinner so it
we had a very nice meal Mike had this
second burger of the day like a food
coma right now so much meat and we are
I'm actually shut the window because
it's probably quite noisy for you guys
and we you like coming out this nice
would like not have a loo me for years I
love I have children
it was too salty salty sea dog to sell
change I had still stood on line and it
was perfect delicious and
that is all I have to report for now
everything else report MDF it's gone
dark
because the street lights have gone out
maybe you know how rude I you know I
smell like roses so we're in our little
camp fed right now we don't normally
vlog in bed I always feel like it's
really inappropriate but seeing as we're
pretty much camping it is about midnight
now we have to get up well I have to get
up super early tomorrow not tough to get
to him he'll get by me so I'm getting up
super nice my head to my Topshop meetup
which I'm so excited about if I've
logged about this on this channel
basically it was like a ticketed invite
or a ticketed meetup even which I had
like the entry details for on my blog
says 40 people were having breakfast and
there's like makeovers and it's gonna be
really fun and it's basically in Topshop
Oxford Circus which is like my favorite
one of my favorite shops ever in the
world it's awesome so it's really cool
to be doing something with Topshop is I
really love them and it's gonna be fun
but that's gonna be a Thursday sorry
it's very short and sweet today has been
a little bit um manic but like not that
blockable really like a lot of it has
been like not audible but anyway I have
a big spot on my chin I hate that so
much you know when you have like one
brewing and like seriously on the plane
on the way back from LA I was like oh my
god I can feel it under the skin it's
gonna be a ginormous monster which I've
never read what's a she it's kind of
like going down a bit now but it was it
two days ago yeah nothing two days ago
it was massive I covered up well Mike's
I get wet see you guys in the morning
this rap is like so I have arrived at
VidCon the official first day of VidCon
but my second bit conv lock hello
everybody I am in the convention center
right now and not stairs and it's super
quiet I think it's like half 10 so there
must be something going on that I don't
know about
