so I have arrived at VidCon the official
first day of VidCon but my second bit
conv log hello everybody I am in the
convention center right now and not
stairs and it's super quiet I think it's
like half 10:00 so there must be
something going on that I don't know
about because there's like nobody around
so we're getting ready to go into my
panel which is in about 45 minutes we
have loads of time I'm like super on
time I've got a coffee I didn't have to
feel bad traffic this morning I was
really scared I left like two and a half
hours time to get like from West
Hollywood to Anaheim which is like 45
minute journey so took me about an hour
and a half all good
Obert this is the backstage of VidCon
it's not very glamorous so I was just
hanging in the Instagram lounge any man
who walks it's Nicole I did not even
recognize you get used to the blonde too
like a different person and now you look
like this old you just when I got used
to the new year I know I just shut up I
wish I could switch it up I'm not brave
enough but you like you found your color
that's the thing you look good I was the
first I thought when I walked out I like
your blonde hair
yeah she's too much if you have a
feeling low just have a nikkie feel
afraid in your life have you changed it
up done yeah he's changed you know what
I miss has done blonde hair I know I
mean I long here to I do need to get it
back I think we should start a twisted
company you get Dan's long hair back
do you really ask the twirling twirling
the curls we're on our way to our panel
right now and it's like there's not
anyone else here I'm gonna be on a panel
with us and and there's no being there
like in the room because it's just me
and Mickey we can moderate our
conversation with soundstage and Chapman
round of like products whether it's this
I think it'll be this but maybe
something else too we've learned a lot
and my mom and my husband Dan were we
involved in that as well so like they
were just wrapping it does so amazing
we were like chatting on the edge so
much brilliant answer stuff so I'm
behind the curtain about to go to my
meetup Tassie's on their way here so I'm
doing with her they have this bowl of
things that look like polos okay guys
these are not polos they're lifesavers
I've had the sweet like fruity ones of
these before and they're good
these are tcp flavoured sweets why would
anyone want a sweet that tastes like to
scream like anyone ever and look we're
about to go out and do our meetup and
it's a little bit nerve-racking what I'm
like when I fill my head I can just film
your boobs right now just because
otherwise this is going to change this
yeah I love it
that's a good friend to make me look
less like a hobbit I finally checked
into my room the meetup went really well
actually there was kind of a confusion
at the beginning so tarty and i were
doing it together and we like walked
along and ours was right at the end like
the final booth and we walked through
and there was like ten people so we were
like oh my god there's like no one's
turned out time meetup we were like this
is yeah and everyone else walked out and
there's like screaming we were like oh
my god this is so embarrassing there's
like ten people so we got to the end of
like the ten people and we were like oh
okay this is taking us like 20 minutes
this is fine like and then they were
like oh my god we're so sorry there was
a mixup we've had your line queueing
somewhere else and then like like tons
of people like turned up in our line and
it was really great so it was good but
at the beginning we were like freaking
out so I've just checked in to my room I
feel like exhausted after doing a panel
I guess like the drive this morning was
pretty long as well it was like an hour
and a half so I'm just like drained
I feel like meetups Raschi they seem
really easy like when you think about it
but I don't know they just like drain
your energy so I just checked into my
room this is my view out the window and
I'm pretty sure the party last year was
this Terrace so I'm kind of hoping that
they do set it up and there's a party
tonight and we're just chilling yeah
literally like vegging at like lying on
the bed just thing like tarsiers here
she's chilling you're like way out of
focus I did sign your book I wrote you a
special message and I put it in a bag
for you you can read it on the way home
Todd these men would be staying and
there's many be her bad but she's not
she's going home I'm sad I wish she was
dead
Puka smell very well can I say that in
florists yeah okay he'll be fine he's
poorly we're sending a lot of love to
puka tell Tom to get better soon so this
is the VidCon party right now that are
good for hitting people around the head
with right now yes
morning guys so it's my second official
day at VidCon I've just been in the gym
which actually makes me feel really good
when I'm traveling I just like wakes me
up in the morning the problem was
staying at VidCon is the food choices
are really limited because I want to
cheer my super hungry so ended up with a
protein bar this is so not like meaty
this kind of self nor me I have eggs for
breakfast this is the Luna bar in
vanilla almond it's really good I didn't
actually blog much last night because it
was just so totally manacle yesterday in
general was just crazy crazy busy today
is gonna be less busy I think because
I've got a lot of filming stuff to do
today but I don't have like mega like
meetups and like stuff in the convention
so I'm gonna try and film a get ready
with me this morning and then I'm
actually filming a little something for
I know if I'm allowed to speak about
it's like a documentary project that is
I don't know if it's secret or not that
I'm filming for this afternoon and then
I'm filming with Lily and Anna because
we did our shopping day on Tuesday and
we were meant to film that afternoon but
we actually ran out of time so I'm gonna
film this afternoon and then there's
more parties tonight so I feel like I'm
gonna be so tired by the time I get home
I'm gonna like fall into my exams like
save me I actually have been trying to
call Mike I rang him so I got in it like
one last night and I tried to ring him
but he
it was playing golf I think yeah 1:00 in
the morning so that would be like yeah
it would be like 10 8 10 a.m. no 9 a.m.
home see he was like I'm just going to
play golf I'll ring you tonight and yeah
I don't know
so I tried to ring him now he must like
still be playing golf I don't even know
it's like afternoon time now it just
weirds me out the time difference really
weird me out I just can't get used to it
this is my outfit for day 2 at VidCon
and ignore the iron this is just I've
been ironing this dress and I kind of
have just admitted to myself it's gonna
get free so I've given up basically I
have my hair and makeup like half done
because I forgot to bring those clear
hair elastics or any bobby pins or
anything so what I was planning on doing
is putting the platter out here and then
pinning it at the back but I actually
don't have the hair grips so what I'm
going to do is go over to Becky and
Holly's room in a second and see if I
could steal some anyway and then I have
on my necklaces which this one was from
my sister for my birthday and then this
one was like a wedding gift to myself
kind of cuz I got my bridesmaids and
then I got this one like on your wedding
and then I have on this red dress which
is new I got this from Amanda up rich
it's the same brand as the pink wrap
kind of wrap over silk dress that I've
got that's got no sleeves and then I
have my Chloe bag bypass hello I'm at
VidCon and then my gap shoes I had on
yesterday as well so that is the look my
room is very messy I'm gonna go and see
Holly and Becky now we are on our way to
lunch now and then we're gonna go get
some shrimp but it's like when we went
to that place with shrimp I was like it
was so mother going to shrimp with Steve
okay
and I love it cracked lips last year and
I was really like I'm over that that was
extreme yeah your lips were like falling
off while sitting so I just did an
interview on camera which actually went
pretty well I was called I can't really
get nervous about that kind of stuff but
it's always like a bit of pressure to
not talk crap like actually makes sense
so yeah we're gonna get some lunch
there's palm trees the sunshine we're
just living life in California so we
just popped in CVS to get some hair
grips because I had to go on a mission
and steal some from Becky this morning
and we walk in and who else is here but
like every other British the place to be
this is actually an amazing thing yes
its massive
they have everything ooh a little Caesar
salad going on right now having a little
bit of lunch but just ordered a side of
fries and it comes in as literally it's
giant as Holly was just doing makes
their hands so I haven't vlogged in a
little while because we've been having a
filming marathan Anna is actually still
here doing some close-ups right there by
the window she's like concentrated a
little wave and Lily is actually gone to
edit we have had the most productive
afternoon ever we filmed four videos in
the space of two hours I think that is
pretty darn impressive and I'm really
excited about the content Ashley I think
it's gonna be really good and we've done
like the hundred dollar style swap and
the twenty dollar makeup challenge is
what me and Anna did and then me and
Lily did a Sephora haul and a drugstore
haul so I think it's gonna be really
good
I'm actually heading out to the first
party of the night there are actually
three parties going on I think I'm gonna
try and go to two so the first one is a
pool party so thank you guys along and
we'll see what's going on I'm definitely
not wearing a bikini that is fo sho
we're out the pool party right now we've
had a quick
gang a dirty dinner tostada ball like in
a fast-food place outside but we have
the frozen margarita yes my favorite
thing ever at the House of Blues there's
fireworks going on - because we're at
Disney of course that's firework so I am
in bed right now it is half past 6:00 in
the morning and I'm trying not to get
over jetlag and I'm facetiming Mike in
the puppies and it's possibly the cutest
thing ever like I swear I miss you guys
what are you throwing the ball for them
hello how are you
where's I'm good where's the piggy-wiggy
I think you're blogging blogging viral
blogging like I'm not sure where she's
gone the signals not great it's very
jumpy I miss you guys
I wish you are at VidCon way more fun in
a rainy merry old England
totes way more fun walking down the
swelteringly hot street right now on the
way to IHOP with these two now it is
okay we're going for some pancakes I'm
actually have an omelet or something I
feel like I need egg I'm hoping that
there's not gonna be like an hour wait
because it's already like 11 o'clock oh
my god the keno oh my god if it was I'd
be like saw that I'm gonna go into CVS
buy my own
like a rabid animal on the street so
this was my choices the day at the
chorizo omelette hello it's a little
large we may have to do some sharing but
I got a casual side of three pancakes as
well
how could anyone eat all of that for
breakfast I would like died but yeah
this does look really good I'm gonna
have a little nibble these two not using
anything no no no meal super healthy
they're gonna be using my I know that
there's a little bit later now and I've
just edited a video I'm uploading video
now I'm filming another video these last
couple of days have been crazy this is
like the aftermath of me filming here's
my little camera setup and mess all over
the bed I actually have tossing chains
coming around insects I'm gonna try and
finish off filming for they get here and
then I don't know what we're doing maybe
go for a drink or something or some late
lunch who knows where the day will take
us so I've just finished filming tarty
has arrived looking beautiful as always
and we thought before we go downstairs
and find James and the frappuccinos that
he's been trying to get us for the last
hour half an hour maybe 45 minutes we'd
do a quick outfit of the day I actually
filmed like a get ready with me day to
night but actually it's only in the
afternoon so I've taken my outfit back
off left my hair and makeup it's just
like not a legit like I was actually
getting ready I am gonna wear that dress
hopefully at some point tonight but it's
really cute I have my there it's like oh
you should wear it
I put it on in the nose like I really
can't go out like this at 5:00 p.m. it's
a little bit excessive
anyway so here's a little we don't even
need the mirror because your have each
other here's a little outfit today what
are you wearing a little see-through
just sexy bear in my neck I'm yeah I'm a
little self-conscious of that but I'm
wearing it anyway because I love the
color
it's Devia no I am wearing my favorite
Zara jeans that I over wear like these
are my most worn jeans ever super nice
and my Steve Madden shoes which you have
the same ones mine falling apart and are
now in the band the nude ones cuz I wore
them so much I love these oh and this is
DVF - but it's like two years old Coolio
and
the hair can you just like flip it
behind you and show me from the back
look at this glorious glorious head
switch around my hair and makeup are
gonna be appearing soon on my videos I
have on this necklace which is from
remove my sunglasses this is from
misguided super cheap it's really cute
new look jacket super cheap free people
like toga play suit things a little bit
all kinds a little bit like Grecian but
it's really comfy my Chloe bag which had
worn like every day for the past two
three months and then my gap little
flats that I don't love them with only
ones I could find the other day when I
was looking for some nude my knees are
so sparkly
when Jesus walked II these are in cooker
like sticker things I have my Valentino
sunglasses and I don't have coffee so
we're gonna go and get yes and we are
like witnessing with tiny kid right now
singing win tickets go that is like
three months inside him
pretty loud but I just it's pretty
amazing
so we're out the style boss right now
and we're eating tacos but I already ate
mine like this is how quickly I eat then
Tartus it sound she's like one bite in
there she goes
loving it James is here back in here
Holies here it's like 50 he's gone like
the spice wind they can't do I might get
support rights had one and they're very
good we're gonna be bowling in a bit I
think good it because it's actually just
so fine okay yeah
this is a really great look that I have
rocking right now it we're gonna we may
do some bowling it's fun seems good yes
guys that happens I got all of them
except one in the middle hold up look
who we have here bowling with us on our
team today only Mickey P oh here she
goes what I think she's gonna smash it I
mean I'm here I'm gonna document them
from the front which we're falling and
go for green one okay here we go here we
go are you ready everybody we're
watching one the technique are you gonna
throw in the air come on Nikki backwards
we're doing DIY ice cream sundaes Becky
just said you want to do to him what I'm
gonna do it for you I'm gonna do it for
you get in there yes I'm sure they won't
mind there's a lot like I want it like
okay I'm gonna start with one women yeah
no no no I'm just at one I'm gonna put a
lot of cream in it you know we've got
there's caramel as whatever that is it's
crushed up tasty stuff with there's
chocolate sauce there's chocolate chips
there's cream just everything going on
so it's Sunday morning one hour she
didn't vlog at the make a party last
night we actually ended up going pretty
late and it was crazy loud it was really
fun I got to hang out with Lana and Lulu
again and to be honest a lot of people
have left by the time we got there I
think we were there like a half 11 which
is pretty bad but today is Sunday I'm
leaving Anaheim which is kind of like a
good thing because it does get a little
bit crazy like being in VidCon for three
days you're ready to leave by the end of
it my hair's a little crazy because I've
just tried it I'm actually going to meet
some of the guys from James grant I'm
going to Santa Monica today which is
awesome my favorite favorite places in
LA my flights not till tonight so I'm
gonna do a shopping have a little bit of
lunch have a little bit breakfast I hope
so I'm so hungry haven't you know
anything yet I've got to go now because
I'm gonna take all of all of my luggage
like it's a lot
down to the car and get driving so I am
in a Nasty Gal
store an actual store I did not know
this existed it is awesome very exciting
time I may or may not have to support
these buses in Nasty Gal and I freaking
love them this Awards him I see all the
girls I was with just bought the same
ones there's like four of us with
matching sunglasses hilarious
we're on our way to your guitar now and
then I have got to go home I don't want
to go this is my little pre plane
Yogurtland treats I went for pistachio
like a peanut butter like pecan thing
and taro which I've never ever heard of
before and it's so good with lots of
chocolate and nuts and mochi and caramel
sauce
yes so on the plane right now about
takeoff religion say goodbye and
by
now
say goodbye to the way
leaving the sunshine already hey guys
welcome back to this channel today I am
sad and excited at the same time because
I'm going to VidCon super excited but
I'm sad to be leaving the little bears
my little pig I will see you in a week
okay
