hey guys welcome back to this channel
today I am sad and excited at the same
time because I'm going to VidCon super
excited but I'm sad to be leaving the
little bears my little pig I will see
you in a week okay I love you you're the
cutest thing ever
except for you which is also the joint
cutest thing ever
oh I'm gonna miss you say bye bye
everybody bye tricky treat I'll see you
in a week okay you be good girl so I've
packed up my bags I've said goodbye to
the puppies and Mike de force is taking
me to the station
what's this one little box I didn't know
this was going down it was going down
you just missed that you were put in the
bag Mike was putting the bags in the car
yeah super excited to be going to LA
again and going to VidCon it's awesome
but pretty sad that you're not coming
this year not this year but I may be
coming to another little mission lately
okay maybe maybe but yes I'm off for a
week on my Tod on my lonesome and we're
gonna have a good time and I'm taking
you guys along I'm probably the diviners
like three vlogs we'll see where we get
to let's go to the airport I'm actually
super early for my flights I've been
editing
and uploading my videos tonight
flying solo
I rise early X and I'm now waiting for
my bags and they're taking ages I have
to drive ahead of me at like an hour in
the dark in the fog we landed and it's
like a sec white fog
so I've arrived in my hotel room finally
I'm staying at the London in West
Hollywood which you guys have been
watching my videos from well you'll know
it's my favorite place and I stay here
pretty like well whenever I'm in LA and
I have a choice of where I'm staying
I will stay here and this is my room I'm
kind of bummed because I actually got a
room and if you guys can see outside
he's here she got a room you can't see
anything
I got a room on the third floor and
therefore I have like zero view and my
room overlooks like a garden area which
is not cool but yeah I've just got in
I'm super tired I picked up my car took
me ages and I didn't vlog it because I
was just literally I was like I need to
get in the car get going otherwise I'm
gonna fall asleep whilst driving it's
not very cool but I managed to get a
convertible beetle which is really cute
I've ordered some room service and I
rang up just because they didn't have
any like something went wrong with the
fridges on the plane I swear this this
journey has been like the longest
journey ever I've been awake for like 24
hours now 25 hours I think but there was
something wrong with the fridges on the
plane so they didn't get the second meal
out it was like one meal at the
beginning of the 10-hour flight and then
they gave us like a mini KitKat like
we're really sorry we can't give you any
proper food or like so I'm so hungry and
I just ordered some sushi and the room
service guy was like it'll be 50 minutes
to an hour I was like now this is what I
need right now my room service has just
arrived
spicy tuna roll and asparagus and I'm
actually catching up on Game of Thrones
I'm gonna fall asleep in about five
minutes I think they laughter I've eaten
this I haven't watched in ages and I'm
still in season four I've got a lot to
catch up on so I'm gonna watch an
episode of that and call it a night and
I'll see you guys tomorrow what does an
English person do when you're in LA
obviously come to Target but of course I
couldn't come to target without fellow
English people we just like to stick
together what can I say and Anna is here
as well and we were
and raid the beauty section of Target
get some goodies and for some reason
even when I'm in America
cards and wrapping paper still seem
appealing I don't need them
so I've managed to lose Lilly and Anna
somewhere in the aisles but what I did
find is this dirty chai cold brew coffee
with almond milk YUM and I have quite a
good amount of stuff in my basket as
well so we're now in Ulta obviously and
we were just looking at it cosmetics I
was liking this and then Anna walks out
starts taking the one over here and is
like oh my god makeup my teeth movie
loves this and we're like we have to get
it if you guys don't watch her you need
to if you guys haven't seen makeup my
teeth media's been doing YouTube videos
for like probably a year before I
started I think I've been watching her
for probably seven years or something
crazy she's amazing I want lumen 81 but
if she uses the other one I think I
would have to get the other one me and
Anna on a semi secret not very secret
mission we're doing a hundred dollar
style swap for my channel so we are in
love culture right now looking for
bargains we're styling each other and
it's going to be an awesome video I am
kind of excited for this dun-dun-duh if
you don't know where to get all the
accessories including shoes let's do
this forever 21 you are my friend right
now we did it we should accomplished on
the hundred dollar style challenge we
are now gonna go get some lunch I'm so
hungry
that was shot to get some food I think I
go on Sunset and we've got a lot of
chips this house is going on right now a
lot too many and this is what it looks
like in here
I am hungry here are my rather tasty
looking fish tacos have some beans I
didn't get rice because I think rice is
an underrated that overrated so it would
definitely mean no bracelet I don't know
what's wrong with my brain today yeah
like I'm gonna blame it on Jay like rice
is an overrated carb I would rather eat
bread pasta
mashed potato not rice we've demolished
quite a lot of the chips and it's got a
salad going on
Lily's got that need we picked apples
that's why I think so I've left lily and
Anna for the time being as they have a
meet-up today not a VidCon so they've
gone off to do that and I am just having
a little mosey around the shops and I
may have bought a couple of things from
j.crew for Mike's birthday and it's what
else do they get I bought a white
t-shirt from William bean which is
actually one of my favorite shops I
think it's like an only la shot but this
is bizarre it's a pretty bizarre shoe
shop called boa of Brazil it's like a
lot of the same style shoes and just
like every single color imaginable yes I
got a few things I'm like and then I am
probably gonna head back and go to the
gym so I just got back to my hotel room
and they've actually changed rooms
because you know I was saying about how
my room looked over a wall it's amazing
it's actually really nice afternoon so
welcome to my second official day in LA
today I'm with loaner
and we are going for Oh actually we're
going on here we're going for sushi
we're gonna film some videos later today
but we're gonna eat first we have some
sushi going on here right now we got
like the set menus and it's coming we're
so hungry and we're quite half an hour
everything have some ice cream tea which
is green tea in England is never this
color this is like luminous just got
finished filming our videos I think they
went well it's gonna be exciting the
view today is much better than it was
yesterday and when I'm going to show you
guys the Sun is a shiny be beautiful and
it's like half-past five now so I think
we're gonna go on some kind of adventure
we might go down Robertson because this
one here has grown off in LA right and
you've never been to Robertson I don't
think so the thing is I feel like the
people that grow up in LA and if you are
from LA you would agree with me you
usually don't leave your bubble like I
grew up in the West Side so I don't ever
really leave the West Side I usually
only stay in Santa Monica
I don't really branch out so yeah this
is far for me it's really it's far out
it's really far out so yeah I actually
really like Robertson so I'm hoping Lana
will like it too it's kind of like a
good mixture of like a lot of the shops
are really fancy but it's quite a nice
area just to walk and there aren't many
places you can actually walk yeah in LA
that isn't in a mall that's true not I
mean I think I'm gonna go that you're
gonna show me around my Boren Kitson
right now we've discovered this book
film in five seconds this is not taking
us five seconds we got this one which is
King Kong's but let's look at some
others they're not easy like can you
guys get this it's like what what is
this bow Titanic yeah right No
very strange burg we like kind of like
what is this I don't know I feel stupid
like come without stupid the way now is
the Cheesecake Factory food right now
it's kind of ridiculous I'm with Anna
and Lily and I met I'd like merge the
two world from yesterday
Florencia hello with Luther and all of
this smaller salad it's like you can eat
that all of that I have some Jamaican
black pepper shrimp and I've got major
food envy of Anna's you play right no no
I'm not gonna eat it no because if I eat
one then I'll get really angry which is
really good and I have to send this back
and they order something
and then got some salmon going on over
there more of the garlic poems I'm very
jealous all smells so good I think this
is probably only the second time ever
I've got cheesecake out the Cheesecake
Factory because I'm normally too full so
we're sharing this one piece of the
cheesecake it's smaller
I mean smaller than I thought it would
be I thought it was going to be like
we're gonna share it to five of us look
at the pretty fountain it's like the
Disneyland of shopping slop in it I've
got green juice down my front from
earlier as well I'm like trying to hide
it's like like green pond slime not good
look so I've just got back to my hotel
room and I'm heading to bed it's about
11 o'clock
I'm so tired the jetlag is kicking in
that's for sure and I have to get up
super early tomorrow to go to VidCon
because I'm driving down I think I'm
leaving at about 7:30 I want to try and
get in the gym tomorrow morning and then
I'm gonna get ready for my panel because
my panel is actually tomorrow morning so
that is gonna be it for today guys I
will see you in the next part or it'll
be like part 1 and part 2 so I'll see
you in part 2 of my VidCon vlogs I hope
you guys have enjoyed this one and I
hope you're all having a fantabulous day
when you're watching this whenever that
may be
and I'll see you soon bye
you
