morning guys so today I'm heading to
London I've got like an audience in the
doorway you're right there guys just
hanging out okay treacle guinea hen
around I'm going to London for a bright
force meeting let's do it
guys you know you must be out the door
early when the whole station car park is
empty there's like one car here oh wait
- so early and bright and funny actually
look at the blue sky what is going on
I'm here with hammer I'm surprised
surprised
guess what Eunice ask me what the very
thing on your camera I mean coming up
every time yeah so in this town it's my
mom this is my love anyway I just
realized and in fact I'm just like can I
have one of your lipstick on I brought
one for all
so I'm gonna document I'm going to
document the reaction I've also just
been finishing off writing the note that
these are the moments that I'm writing
to all the press and blogging is how
cool and airy period is I just wanted to
see I didn't want to have allows the one
especially for you I think you'll
actually wear it as well there's some
crazy lighting going on behind you I'm
having to adjust my angle I gotta love
it
yeah my god it will be so cold I'm going
to get out I know it's literally
freezing Hammond arrived having run she
doesn't run anywhere trust me she ran
from the station's hit we're so close
I mean you're like just the summer right
now this year I think you need a bit
more on those huh so we finished our
meeting and I'm now dragging turn around
Selfridges well basically you just come
to have a quick look to see if they have
a Chloe bag and probably not gonna but
I'm just going to have a look they've
got a black one I can see it from here
besides they didn't have it they only
have a navy one but we met a really
really nice girl as healthy as he works
Chloe and she put my name on some kind
of list call me when they get one I
don't know if you will call me I'm
probably like not the best optimist but
apparently it's coming we just walk past
just in my counter my leggings going to
be there in like two weeks so crazy you
can tell us been that long since I've
been down some selfies I didn't know
that opened and and other stories when
did this open this is great news please
little wallet are singing to me guys who
need one of my life just read the price
back down there 25 pounds that seems a
lot for those has come to a faithful
Coco chair for lunch and I have a sushi
bento box which I'm very excited about
and this one has my green curry fat she
looks so good
we are going into the mental Oxford
Street Primark which I haven't been into
in so long basically for a basket full
of pants they have flip-flops for 90 P
down there look at these espadrilles
and my crazy guys actually quite like
these two you
I thought you'd hate them so I spent 20
pounds of Primark I got nine pairs of
pants two strappy top phone charger
about 100 hair bands welcome I get on
seven pound socks yes
another deceptively sunny in London
today looks nice and warm it's freezing
it is quite quiet rich you know the
close-up on your face where are the
people hello there my furry buddy your
eyes excited Oh guys oh my god these
guys are not very impressed because
they've been on their own most of the
day
normally yapping normally when I stand
up and normally either me or Michael
with them but today we had a couple of
friends come in and let them out a few
times and so they're on their own for
the majority of the day you do realise
dogs that you're very lucky and this
happens to most dogs a lot of the time
you want your dinner and then you'll
just walk shall we do that what do you
know we get nothing
you're enough there as well yes Little
Miss nut job here currently walking the
dogs in my biggest coat because it's
miserable and rainy
ah cool this spring hey piglet picks too
posh for the rain on you she gets really
pissed off about the rain so I just
realized guys I've just been walking the
dog in the rain with my sunglasses still
on my head like a fool
and typically the dogs only got a short
walk because it was chucking it down
with rain and now no rain what I'll
seriously I'm gonna have to take them
out again in a minute I think was like
yes you will
so tonight Mike isn't here because he is
going to play golf tomorrow but I
got these M&S Scottish mussels for
dinner meal for one it's like literally
like pre-prepared I haven't eaten see
this kind of like vacuum-packed mussels
in such a long time so let's see how
this goes I only look pretty good guys
I'm happy with my dinner love muscled
Mike would never let me leave at home
I've just gotten into bed guys I've
actually been watching a true-crime
documentary with Libby she came over and
I feel like whenever I'm her I never
actually stay home alone but whenever I
do I have three little substitute on the
bed which Mike absolutely hates but I
hate staying away like that slide
basically never do it but I'm here on
tonight and I've got my three little
guard dogs although this one the others
are amazing to sleep with like treacle
seats at the end of the bed like that
piggy just curls up here squidge it she
the scratchy ears she's like in your
face she is the most annoying companion
to sleep with ever in the world and she
doesn't do this when she's like sitting
on sofa that's more like it which oh
this is what I mean look at her look you
you've got all of this bed to sleep on
and you are like right there like that
crazy I also want to say thank you so
much for all of your recommendations of
things to watch on Netflix I've just
finished 13 reasons why and I really
liked actually it was really interesting
one thing I wanted to ask you guys
though is if you're American is it
normal to call your parents sir or your
dad sir because to me I find that that
would just wouldn't happen in England
ever and also is it normal for loads of
kids at like 17 to have massive tattoos
because when I was younger I feel like
people had small tattoos like sneaky
ones you know
like that your parents wouldn't see but
I feel like in 13 reasons why a lot of
them had like big chest tattoos and
stuff and I feel like people only really
started to get those after school I am
going to watch them all Netflix I just
started watching girlboss I'm not sure
if I'm going to like it you know
sometimes I like dramatization sometimes
I don't I feel a bit like indifferent to
some of them and I've watched out the
first half an hour of girlboss and I'm
not sure yet so yes of what I'm going to
do now can you go to sleep call this one
to cuddle which makes me very very happy
because Mike never lets and sleep
upstairs and this one is honestly you
are picky you are the sweetest little
thing you're like having a real-life
teddy bear a real-life teddy bear hmm
what do you think of that she's like I
want my own side of the bed
hey what a monkey so you have that's
going to be it for today guys I'll see
you tomorrow I'm actually going back to
London tomorrow
I don't normally well I would have
normally stayed over but because Mike's
await and I had to come back so these
hounds but yes I'm up early filming and
then heading to London so I will see you
in the morning bye guys
