morning guys and welcome to my very last
day in Vegas I'm gonna live it at the
moment I don't know why
doors are closing there we go I'm on my
way down to breakfast I it's currently
about 8:30 and it's in my videos my I
woke up so early I think on the way
three hours sleep but on the last night
because people look like they're like I
ended up eating the same thing like
always at buffets maybe I need to mix it
up this morning those waffles anyone's
got the same in the last two days can I
say I like it just walking across the
bridge again it's actually really weird
being out in Vegas this earlier because
as quiet as it is there's still people
gambling and stuff and like a courtesy
in the morning or like a talkative
climate which is pretty crazy anyway
another beautiful day I'm heading down
fried cheeky little little lips and
drugstore makeup you know if you read
not to write oh my god it's a massive
one as well and it has all the fancy
stuff I love it when you find these
Walgreens and the huge my sneaky little
drugstore trip is complete I'm now
heading back up here back over there and
all the way back to my hotel room which
is somewhere up here to get ready for
the pool and to pack my bags I'm gonna
check out hotel now so that I have more
time
I thought I wasn't gonna be able to do
it but I actually think I can today
we're actually going in the helicopter
over the Strand this morning or at
lunchtime so hopefully I'm still gonna
be able to do that so excited I get a
bit scared and thought I got this
it's going to be an awesome view
things so yeah I'm gonna get ready for
that and if
like three hours even Stephanie
for me this is what I needed an iced
skinny
caramel macchiato tall long order
seriously one of those morning's I'm
gonna do a mini Walgreens haul for you
all because I'm not gonna I haven't this
is like the only thing I bought whilst
I've been out here apart from a bra from
Victoria's Secret the other day so I'm
not gonna do a whole videos first thing
I got also it's a little bizarre stuff
listerine pocket packs because they
don't seem to sell these in the UK
anymore they used to and I really like
them because I don't really like chewing
gum
I feel like chewing gum is kind of I
don't know like I'd prefer to just have
that and it'd be over and not be sitting
chewing gum for ages I also got a travel
toothpaste and truth' toothbrush because
I'm actually going straight from the
plane to Royal Ascot when I get home and
I only have my electric toothbrush so I
want to have this in my handbag so I
think my brush my teeth on plane and
stuff then I also got the duo black lash
adhesive I've never tried the black one
and I needed a new one of these because
I left the lid off my white one the
other day and it got all dried up and
gross so I'm gonna try the black one I
have heard that it doesn't stick quite
as well as the white one but I'm gonna
try it off myself and see kind of what I
think I also got some new plasters these
are the band-aid blister ones for the
back of my heel because these shoes have
like cut not in focus
these shoes focus the shoes those shoes
have like cut my feet open at the back
really badly so and I'm just out
plasters I also got a last vegas fridge
magnet because i've decided to start
getting fridge magnets from wherever I
go I have forgotten the last few trips
the only other one I've managed to get
is Dallas so if you guys remember when
I'm traveling remind me on Twitter or
whatever and then the two bits of makeup
I got were an Essie polish this is in
salt water happy and I really like this
color this is in a lot of accessories
that it's actually quite similar to the
mine the one I have on that I got in a
salon yesterday is more of a lilac but I
just really really love this color for
summer and it's gorgeous
I've also got some sleeping pills which
I take when I do overnight flights I'm
in a match to upgrade to premium economy
so hopefully I'll be able to get some
sleep but I'm not like business with a
lie flat bed so
yeah these are good ones that I use when
I need to sleep on an overnight flight
and then the Loreal a lack lip stick
which is actually a new one it was in
the new release stuff I didn't really
intend or buy any makeup but oh well
this is in the color 209 choco Lac I'm
packed and ready to go I don't want to
leave it's so gorgeous here right onto
the pool this is my outfit I'm going to
show you guys actually really quick
before I go it doesn't all really go
that well but I love this caftan so much
I actually got this my birthday put my
bag down a couple of years ago from my
sister if you can see it like tight
around the waist I really love it I
think it's really bright and unusual and
pretty and I just have my flip-flops
my Karen Owen bag on the floor again and
then my ray-bans but yeah and if you're
wondering why I've got ridiculously done
hair to go to the pool it's because I
have to go straight to a skirt tomorrow
so I'm hoping that some of this shape
will hold up on a 10 out of flight let's
face it it probably won't we're just on
our way to the pool at the Bellagio and
I wanted to show you guys the
conservatory in here apparently they
change the installations twice a year so
this is their summer one with all the
fish we're chilling weather pool it's so
awesome look at the fountain in the
middle of the pool this is amazing
actually am I really appreciating a
sunshine just to lay out for an hour we
have like an hour but that's enough for
me just a little bit of Sun we just had
an awesome like 45 minutes at the
balloon
perfect really good we're heading to the
helicopters now which I'm so excited
about and I wanted to show you guys the
ceiling in the lobby of the Bellagio
it's so awesome I'm getting ready to go
and I'm in the front seat oh I'm
actually not very nervous I was really
nervous the last time I went in
helicopter it's gonna be good
so I just got off the helicopter if you
might be else's helicopter that was so
cool I'm actually in the car now on my
way to the airport because I'm going
straight back on my flight to London and
I feel really sad feels like I got here
two minutes ago and I was in like the
same limo Mike but yeah I've had such a
fun morning actually it's like I'm
actually crammed loads of stuff in in
just one morning so awesome awesome
awesome the birth trip massive thank you
to all the guys the Aria for letting me
stay there and the guys at the Bellagio
for hosting today and dinner the other
night and all the teamwork beautiful
destinations because they were super
nice as well and thank you to you guys
because without you seriously I wouldn't
get to do awesome stuff like this so
this was like a speech like an
acceptance speech just saying thanks
yeah without you guys I wouldn't get to
do all this stuff so I seriously love
you guys you are awesome on to the
airport we go so I'm gonna check in and
through security it's still with the
crazy hair I'm gonna go and locate some
food because it's about 2:15 now and I
am hungry you know you're in Vegas when
we have a mini casino in the airport
hilarious oh my god they have a benefit
vending machine too tempting I've
stopped for some lunch I got the Buffalo
prawns which look really really good and
some grilled asparagus I'm actually
super super hungry
I'm afraid that is it for my missing
Vegas footage because right after I ate
that food I then went on to lose the
footage I import into my laptop and it
went crate I hope you guys enjoyed
seeing those two days that got deleted
and then found again weird right
I still will never know what happened
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and I'll
see you again very soon on this channel
keep your eyes peeled bye hey guys so
this is a bit of an impromptu piece of
vlogging right here but I just came to
edit the last edge in divorce
my computer crashed turn my computer
back on and that lost footage from Vegas
magically appears
