hey guys so this is a bit of an
impromptu piece of vlogging right here
but I just came to edit the last 17 to
force my computer crashed turn my
computer back on and that lost footage
from Vegas magically appeared I do not
know where it went
why it went missing where it is but here
it is I thought I would edit them
together and show you guys the bugs
anyway because it feels like a shame to
miss them I hope you enjoy it let's go
back in time all the way to Vegas
morning guys and welcome to my second
full day in Vegas today I'm heading down
for a spa treatment which I'm super
excited about hoping I can get a
pedicure we don't know until we get
downstairs who gets what but I thought I
would do a quick outfit today that was
me closing the Wardrobe door so this is
what I'm wearing today
again I have the same shoes and back as
yesterday because I didn't bring a huge
selection with me and then my dress is
from Amanda Pritchard I actually picked
this up when I was in LA in April and
then my necklaces are this is my Jake we
layered one that wear all the time
and then this one is from forever 21 my
sunglasses which I had yesterday this is
my makeup for the day like pretty
neutral so I'm gonna head downstairs now
and have a lovely treatment again it's
sunny day surprise surprise we're in the
desert sunshine just makes me so happy I
feel like I'm a typical English person
to being deprived to the Sun my whole
life I just get really overexcited about
sunshine I am in the spa right now
waiting for my pedicure I'm actually
getting a mani-pedi
so both is good right I've had my
mani-pedi it was amazing actually never
ever get manager essentials look at my
nails in
perfect so pretty I'm not betraying
mitosis might be already ugly even once
they've been pampered they're still
pretty ugly
I actually got half an hour now funny I
have to leave everyone else for the next
activity that we're doing I'm gonna go
grab some breakfast making full the
weird use of the breakfast buffet again
I'm now on my way to the crystal
shopping center we actually have a
preview I think of some of the jewelry
like p.m. I should try on like crazy
jewelry I just wanted to show you guys
the flower arrangement in here cuz it's
so beautiful look at there's these balls
of flowers of gorgeous and then on the
ceiling
so awesome we're in Fendi right now
we're just looking at the micro bags
these are possibly the cutest thing I've
ever seen but I'm pretty sure you can't
fit an iPhone in it maybe this way and
it sticks out the top I'm in Valentino
heaven right now
don't buy anything don't buy anything
so we're in the poker room of the Aria
right now learning how to play poker
never played before in my life so we'll
see how this goes this is my little
setup
fingers crossed guys do this thing this
tells you to the dealers if you're
applying at home in your house anywhere
in the world if someone was gonna end
badly I know that so I didn't win the
poker but I didn't pretty well
considering I never played before I want
a couple of hands which was cool now I
know how to play poker
life skill learnt now we're actually
going on a behind-the-scenes tour of
Arcana which is the circle a show that
they have in Oregon so this is the
entrance here and we're gonna go in I
think we're seeing some
behind-the-scenes stuff so we have the
chance to work on try it right which I
don't think I'm gonna do because this
skirt is like super short this is the
empty theater there's something pretty
like creepy about being in an empty
theater look at these guys practicing
yeah
yeah so we're now trying to attempt to
paint in the sentence and this is my
attempt failing miserably this is what
is mentally right here this is so cool
this is my planet
we're in the hair and makeup department
right now and they have such awesome
things it's incredible this great
facility here just allocated between two
the rooms we have some of the costumes
out for you this is our sewing area
where we maintain a lot of the costumes
everything is made of Montreal we have a
craft area for hats and things you can
see the all the artist heads we have so
we can build it right on top of their
heads and this is Brianna she's one of
the artists in the show this is Marc
he's our table we can dig up got some
marilene you have any questions let us
know we're here and answer whatever name
hi
you were in a show so I know character
in a my two pregnant Brian Ashok and
Mark isn't had makeup here and he's the
ones that show us how to do the makeup
we have a little step by step to follow
and it's take about 30 minutes to two
hour to do my makeup depending if and
what you are doing and this is everybody
does their own man kind of so names when
they start with sir their makeup is
design and then we teach them we do the
makeup on them take a picture of each
step and then build this document and
this is what they read to learn on
stepheson this is the stash of makeup
this is all new stuff - it's like a shop
is everyone full I think I'll probably
get in trouble for stealing things we
just got back from the backstage tour of
sarcana Zarkana
as Icona depends on the accent it was so
awesome I hope you guys enjoyed the
little bit of footage that I managed to
get such a cool experience I'm so
excited to see the show I've actually
just got ready I've just done my makeup
and put my dress on I'm gonna do an
outfit today before I leave but I just
thought I would check in and tell you
that I have half an hour down time today
has been super busy but so awesome we
just been like rushing around like
seeing the hotel and everything it's
been really fun I'm super excited for
the show tonight I think we've got
dinner first then the show then we have
a party afterwards as well so a busy day
so here's a little outfit evening for my
final though I didn't very guess I don't
want to go home actually it's pretty
similar to well it's almost identical to
the outfit I wore for the TV BAFTAs if
you guys for all watch my get ready with
me so my dress is from house and
heritage and it actually is really
beautiful in real life it's really hard
to show I'm gonna put my bag on floor
it's really hard to show you guys the
color
on camera but it's like this beautiful
ombre like blue purple and pink and I've
just been trying to get pictures in the
mirror doing this because it looks so
awesome when you swish the skirt because
you can see all the pink at the bottom
yeah so that's my dress anyway it's
super cute I love it
it's from very exclusive and then my
shoes are my Valentino rock studs and
then my bag on the floor as I do is from
Karen Millen heading out for dinner now
we're going to place called jean-jacques
this thing at stake
jean-georges ja Jean George Steakhouse
so I'm guessing we're gonna have steak
arrived at dinner I probably couldn't be
more excited about starter if I try a
meal so this is the next course is
probably the fanciest tomato salad with
coconut we now have a little song I
cannot wait to eat this seriously bit of
truffle mash some asparagus oh my god
guys the dessert just had a mango panna
cotta and some kind of popcorn is that
sundae thing that looks crazy good here
we go on my way to see the show
this is a magical candy floss cocktail
it's really good we just got out the
show and it was awesome and now we are
in one of the Villa Apartments at the
Aria is insane and it's so different to
the one we were in the other night at
the Bellagio it's like really really
modern there's a huge staircase and I
haven't got the chance to have a little
explore but apparently there's three
bedrooms in here which is insane as like
a bar where they're making magical
cocktails which I'll show you in a
second and an Instagram flower
arrangement or show you guys a few as
well because it's super super cool
there's me in the reflection however I
can shade this a little bit so awesome
we also just discovered this patisserie
tree looks amazing
Bernice we were looking at these
thinking they were glass and they've
just told us these are actually made of
sugar as well
like this it's made of sugar this is
crazy
craziness going on yeah that's like a
giant rubber dog going on right here
this is amazing I have to say don't tell
anyone but I may steal this one this is
my favorite duck these ducks they have
the ninja dog cop are you getting
overexcited my rubber duck
we just got back to my room I actually
have got like reversed yet like I swear
because it is quarter to one now and I'm
like not tired
earlier I was so tired like when
watching the show I was I thought like
afterwards I was just gonna be like I
need to go to bed
but I've had such a fun night and yeah
I'm excited for tomorrow I think I
actually I'm gonna get to do more
tomorrow than I thought I was gonna do
because my flight is at half four so
there's a couple of things in the
morning and at lunch time that I'm not
gonna tell you about yet but I'm really
excited to do them before I go because I
thought I was gonna have to like miss
everything tomorrow but turns out I
won't and yeah I'm gonna go to bed now I
hope you guys have had an awesome day
and I'll see you tomorrow bye morning as
you can tell I still haven't done my
hair yeah it's a bit crazy I need to
gonna brush it but I have just been
editing my video which was meant to go
up yesterday but I couldn't find the
right music and I actually fell asleep
looking for music I was looking for
