hi guys welcome back to the last and
final day I feel like I've still got
mascara under my eyes a bit I did not do
a good job of taking it off last night I
was tired the final day after you into
force actually July today is the first
day of July but as I said before I'm
doing an extra vlog cuz I missed one so
this is my breakfast this morning it is
the naught percent Greek yogurt if it
can focus and I haven't mixed it up here
I always like to mix it to get the
texture right don't know about you guys
but Greek yogurt is weird unless we mix
our got some chopped up strawberries I'm
gonna pop some stevia on top as well
and then I'm gonna get it in Matt
bellick today is apparently the hottest
day in nine years in the UK I don't know
if that's true but these guys are
seriously seriously overheated think it
was just lying on her back like I'm so
hot so I think it's time to go for a
little swim and cool off yes guys piglet
has never actually swam in the pond and
I want to try and teach her I want to
try dijo yes I do yes I do oh is this a
little paddling Pig I see were you
thinking about it booger you should go
in did you dip your toes these guys will
go in Lucy's you ready don't run over
piglet
okay go this way come on the way Pig are
you ready that was the worst er I've
ever thrown in my life
hang on just concentrating on the camera
are you ready ready
well squid ah ready
go swim puppies swim the competition is
heavy right now these guys are so
competitive with each other and Treecko
keeps getting the ball and squidgy keeps
stealing offer I also notice guys look
at the lily pads can you see them super
cute look at you too my little otters
you little monkeys someone is ready and
waiting and I haven't even thrown the
ball yet city 3k going on go squid go
Oh squidge too slow too slow I've just
got back from picking my mom from the
airport I forgot my camera I left in a
big hurry because I was late
so I didn't log it but she isn't out
back in the country and she's coming
over for a barbecue tonight because it
is the hottest day of the year / 9 years
or whatever Becky was saying yesterday
we're having a barbecue and I just came
downstairs it's only 6 o'clock but Mike
seems to have made some pins already so
I know you just helped myself he's so
gonna tell me off let me just help
myself to a little Kim's cheeky hey
strong pins
Mike's got some tunes pumping I'm not
entirely sure are you playing golf hello
my gorgeous bear hello are you enjoying
your pins I am enjoying it so strong
really I thought yeah um are you
barbecuing tonight yeah we got we've got
some BBQ chicken drumstick yeah that
I've just marinated this afternoon we've
got some burgers we've got some sausage
so who's coming my mum and dad
yes no no sister no your brother and his
wife and child and wet dog serious about
dogs and piggies just yeah no Hannah and
Dan can't come yeah these guys have been
have you been hitting the golf balls
into the pond they sure they were we
were playing earlier there's such good
swimmers pinky wouldn't go in there
fetch with the golf balls check this out
this is how organized my kids went he
barbecues so OCD sighs what we got going
on chicken chicken barbecue barbecue we
got some chorizo sausage okay we got
some bacon sausage double sausage
wrapped in bacon
we got the corn on the cob yeah we all
some asparagus no entirely sure what
you've done with the asparagus they
didn't go to all the data better very
good looking tasty
nice work MBA the first barbecue of July
is looking damn fine but if you guys can
see because it's pretty dark but squid
is literally lying in the bush right now
and flattening it oh there we go thanks
for the light Matt look at you squid
you're a naughty dog slash kind of
hilarious
so everyone's gonna hurt
Mike and I are chilling on the sofa with
their very hot dogs these guys are so
baking they've been hot all day just
like lying on the floor be like Oh
swimming ball I have to be fair I don't
know how I'm gonna sleep tonight so what
it's been 36 I think today I have my
past at 35 and I've got the hot 34
yeah but you said 36 I'm gonna call it a
night and call it a day for the end of
June divorce even though it's now July
July is like my favorite month I'm gonna
try and vlog a little bit during July
for you guys so that you won't have too
much of a vlogging drought in between
now and August say that I'm sure they
won't I'm sure you guys will be fine
right
I'm sure that'd be fine I'll still be
here I'm still on my main channel and a
big thank you to everybody who's watched
this month because you are amazeballs
and I will see you very soon sooner than
you think on this channel I've actually
got an exciting announcement on Friday
so keep your eyes peeled by morning as
you can tell I still haven't done my
hair yeah it's a bit great I need to go
and brush it but I have just been
editing my video which was meant to go
up yesterday but I couldn't find the
right music and I actually fell asleep
looking for music I was looking for like
hours and
