good morning as you can tell I still
haven't done my hair yeah it's a bit
cray and he's gonna brush it but I have
just been editing my video which was
meant to go up yesterday but I couldn't
find the right music and I actually fell
asleep looking for music I was looking
for like hours but I finally found
something that we do I'm not right 100%
happy with this video we kind of filmed
it in a hurry if you guys are wondering
what I'm talking about it's gonna be
like summer lookbook I don't know what
it wants to call it summer holiday look
book or like summer getaway because a
lot of my audience from the states so I
feel like I don't recall it vacation but
they don't call holidays holidays they
come on vacation so I might call it a
summer getaway lookbook but I'm
technically I wasn't on holiday it was I
found it can last me I don't know we
kind of filmed it in a hurry and I'm
just no understand happy with it but I
hate you guys like anyway mike has been
trying to drag me around the garden I
not because I'm new authority on grass
hey guys okay let's go let's go oh yeah
look at what a beautiful we do it if you
got a stony issue basically it's the
hottest day of the year so far the Sun
is out and we are enjoying life in the
countryside little one needs a clothes I
kept on oh look it's that nose this is
what she does when she bumbles and runs
away nose to the ground sniffing four
badges 12 hours I'm just on my way to
meet my friend three for lunch
in station right now so I'm sitting here
in the sunshine I play squash which
isn't like a secret little gateway just
behind I'm here with my friend hello and
we just got our food we have super
healthy so she moves out this looks like
the ultimate like girl on a diet food
but just to make it a little bit better
we also got some prizes at Aspen fries
and have truffle on them and in them and
around them decidedly better about our
before I'm going to the drinks before
the premiere so I'm gonna have a little
look around and see what's going on the
sales room which is very exciting I'm
questioning everything it's all bouncy
it feels like it made me just a couple
of spooky little purchase if I'm
actually no no bounce smoother southmont
Street and enjoying and sunshine they
have about 45 minutes
how much more tropical
I think alike
look at that billboards Wow I'm guessing
that maybe Channing Tatum right there
for the scream we're on the white carpet
right now
well outward scary on a way to see the
film now which is slightly less scary
bit where you gets in the dark a few
hours and look at sexy man I've got my
little box of chocolates ready and
they've got the live stream showing on
the screen now and I just tweeted and
that came up backward he's a little
tasty chocolate white chocolate delight
and yeah he got some real slick moves -
his name is Chayton so we just got out
of the film it was hilarious some very
sexy dancing go on up in there we're now
on our way to grab a little bit than a
pouring at the train home to see my own
real-life Magic Mike we stopped in phone
daddy's
and this is the kimchi grandma the super
spicy kimchi ramen it's so good I've
just got to the station and then I'm on
my way back to my car it's kinda creepy
down this anyway it's actually got a
bike coming to take me out I'm tired
it's about 11 o'clock now something
about half 11 and tomorrow I'm actually
staying at home for once
wha-hoo I'm home this scene looks
familiar doesn't it pickle wiggle see
the same last few nights is it oh hi
hello everybody were you up to
doing some work work you look very
handsome today if you've been outside
turning again been outside I'm the
tanning from been topping grass Oh doing
the gardening yeah missed ya Missy - did
you see my Instagram post I did PIMs if
you have pimples this isn't it I missed
out this took us in pink because she
knew the kids size of her pins I took
the charlie bet she looks shadow
I took them did you take these hooligans
yeah this sofa is looking decidedly
dirty don't use neither Hoover you
stinky minky they have had a weight at a
time you guys may remember how much I
like hot sauce and in particular one
specific hot sauce which is called
Frank's Red Hot hot sauce and you may
have seen some of my vlogs where Mike is
trying to stop me buying and supermarket
because he thinks as bad and doesn't
want me to eat a whole bottle in two
days well the guys from Franks saw this
vlog Mike
haha he's thing over there and they
decided that they would send me some hot
sauce not only the original but many
different flavors you can't stop me now
Mike divorce I've got the original
I love the wings version I've got the
Chilean lion version I've got the
sriracha version and I've got extra hot
so let's face it I am gonna be the
barbecue Queen this summer
you're not allowed to put them down the
sink because they're my favorite thing
in the whole world
surprise surprise I forgot to finish my
vlog again last night I know I know I
know yeah I was tired I got him at like
matchbook do you mean hat-trick yeah
yeah I don't know what the match ball
means it's talking football jargon see
you guys tomorrow
good bye good morning guys and welcome
to my Monday now I know you guys are
gonna think hang on a minute the 28th
it's not actually Monday was a Sunday
but I actually didn't vlog yesterday I
was so tired the past few weeks have
been as you guys know
