good morning guys and welcome to my
Monday now I know you guys are gonna
think hang on a minute the 28th it's not
actually Monday it was a Sunday but I
actually didn't vlog yesterday I was so
tired the past few weeks have been as
you guys know because you've been
following me around have been a little
bit crazy so I actually had a bit of a
day off yesterday and just chilled out
actually had focus on my camera stroked
me crazy there we go I actually had
quite a nice day just chilling at home I
had a nap and just recuperated I just
had a really chill something on us and
didn't vlog it so I thought would be
pretty boring so I'm gonna do an extra
day so I'm gonna vlog the first day of
July but I'm just gonna keep the number
the same just because it's easy so
there's an explanation today I got up
early and I have gotten ready I'm going
to London this afternoon but I have a
few hours first and I have two videos
and I've got to take some pictures for
my blog and do a bit of random kind of
admin stuff something here with my two
boiled eggs as per usual editing my
Taylor Swift vlog which I'm kind of
getting sad watching because it was so
good I want to go back and relive it
again
and I can't accept it in my vlog so it's
a little bit later now and I am in
London I actually have the most hectic
morning trying to get everything done
before I came here I'm on my way to my
first meeting it's about 10:00 to 2:00
and yeah this is an exciting one again I
can't say what it is for but I'm hoping
that they have food because I haven't
had lunch yet and I am hungry I don't
know why but London is like I'm actually
not walking down a busy street but in
general and it's a little busy today I
have no idea why it's a Monday it's not
like some all the days or anything maybe
just as the sun's out everyone's like
I'm gonna be outside
but there are people everywhere so the
meeting went well it's now half of three
and I still haven't had money so stopped
off at a place called pears in comic
Garden and you basically go any pics
liked a pass but you pick little bit of
everything it's not all for me we're
hiring so I've got some some kind of
tasty like stuffed olives some brie and
fig looking and tasty thing olives
potted mackerel something with Verico
ham in it and all of that good stuff
answers for me water because it's sunny
it would be rude not to get a snog I am
being really good cuz I'm not actually
very hungry we just had lunch so I'm
actually just gone for a plain salted
caramel and it is gonna get in Polish
so I'm now on my way to a panel I'm
actually speaking on a panel tonight
about careers in digital and how to
encourage young people into work in a
digital space which is awesome because
that's what I do and you always want to
encourage people to do what you do
so yeah I'm in Victoria right now it's
actually really quiet down here it's
just been super busy back there and
crazy girl plus five rush hour in
Victoria by like one of the main
stations in London and that is what's
going on now I don't know if I really be
able to film much of it but I will try
you guys and we shall see I just
finished the panel and it went well it's
bit scary to start with but I think it
was okay I didn't blog any of it it's
really serious and business√≠ but we
just coming down the escalators and look
at this rainbow wall I want this in my
house okay it would probably be a bit
tacky in my house but it's pretty cool
though I'm at the train station waiting
25 minutes early
so get some dinner they've just put its
zoo in a station which excites me
correctly it means I get enough on the
way home what should I get
I always get the same thing since I'm on
the train right now you didn't have this
is what I have to do to have some salmon
sashimi and some spicy tuna rolls and a
fresh cucumber and tarragon juice which
looks healthy but kind of say see the
same time did I miss you
where are the others maybe the others
hey so are you had cuddles little brat
brat of us here alright cuddles very
tricky Heller who not interested I got
this one right laughter we love you I
just got home
if you're wondering if my hair is
looking a little bit disheveled yeah
this I actually just drove home in the
dark with the roof down because it's
really warm and I have not done that in
years and it was really epic I feel a
little bit windswept now though just got
back to these guys high school we eat
hey baby girl hey baby girl hello how
are you today
oh we've created jazzy shoes on Mike
bodies when we went on our honeymoon in
Thailand and he never ever wears another
nice weather to wear how are you
tomorrow I miss ya it's good job nice
Monday we did I saw your barbecue for
what how's that that was he posted on
Instagram
oh hello it's good enough for this I saw
that you posted your steak twitch
on Instagram yes delicious steak with
Bob new daddies and grilled asparagus
you have been outside with no Sun cream
on again no looking a little Rouge
written yes you need to wear some cream
when it's sunny yes and just everyday
yes you tell him squeeze you tell him
you tell him I was not long today and I
heard there was a little encounter with
a bad
today was there not yeah well mrs. tree
cool truth I thought she was chasing a
pheasant start with and then she ran
into sort of like some long grass and
kept circling so I thought you just
found the pheasant again turns out that
then I kind of kept walking because you
follow me then I hear this barking I
thought she never barks Wow
she literally never ever she's a mute
she's only five times in her life yeah
and then I didn't realize it wasn't her
it was the Badger which I'll budget I
didn't realize badgers barked is that a
thing pretty sure so basically the air
the Badger was barking and she literally
was quite small thankfully but she was
on top of it like chasing it so I kind
of got her away but then in before all
this I tweaked it was a badger so I
picked up this at all
she went eight she wants to be put down
like this is what I was designed to get
because that's what dachshund means it
means bad dog but I think the not the
miniature ones you are a miniature
badger dog but if anybody is thinking oh
Badgers are cute I don't know why I like
Badgers they look cute but they are can
be quite ferocious so if you have
doggies and you're in the country
variety and they spread TV apparently I
didn't know that but if you're in the
countryside you have to be very careful
with your doggies and Badgers because
they are they can be quite vicious if
they get into a fight which treacle was
instigating a fight at one year ultimate
fail and if this one has any idea she's
like oh a badger Oh Jack you up and then
doesn't realize she's actually the size
of a weasel fail and were you involved
in this miss teacher's pet miss teachers
panting she's licking your leg
she's such a love of this dog use a
lover not a fighter do you see the
picture I post on Instagram if I was a
baby you were so cute squidgy what
happened oh I did not finish my blog
last night because I fell asleep on the
sofa apparently Mike says and we use his
phone too
straight mike says I actually fell
asleep with my face a little bit
ridiculous a little bit ridiculous
she's that's it for today we'll see you
tomorrow
actually today how many times is this
this this this time that you've done
this and a lot okay that I feel you've
done this like it's like not even a
problem with vlogging this is a problem
with life I fall asleep in life in
general so least you're getting caught
with the crazy bed hair because I
haven't brushed it yeah it's chopped up
they make a bit of an effort
all right guys good morning everybody
welcome to Saturday today is the day I'm
going to see Taylor Swift at which some
time in Hyde Park
I am excited I booked these tickets a
long time ago like when they're on
advance sale because I was there
