good morning everybody welcome to
Saturday today is the day I'm going to
see Taylor Swift that British some time
in Hyde Park
I am excited I booked these tickets a
long time ago like when they were on
advance sale because I was so excited
about it and yes it's about 8:30 in the
morning right now my friend James you
you might remember him it's you watched
on my books from Orpheus he's coming up
for breakfast and then we're leaving a
little bit later so let's get we are
having a breakfast outside alfresco as
you can see got some orange juice some
poached eggs by Mike some local bacon
which some toast mike is here we're
sitting by the pond James is here hello
good morning I'm good how are you good
thanks chilling in the sunshine great to
be here for bring me Saturday morning
breakfast loving it that is all gonna
eat it now it's all the updates we just
have a little bit of a dilemma before
you're leaving surprise surprise I feel
like this is the story of my life
piglet runs away just when you're about
to leave Russia and then it will speed
bump and you're basically gonna miss
your train and it's gonna be a dilemma
so you're freaking out running off the
dog we need to invent find my dog
instead of find my iphone I'm sure it'd
probably find my piglet hashtag find my
piglet I
that's really weird I think it probably
does exist I've looked into trackers
before for her but they're really bulky
and cuz she's a small dog and because we
live in like lots of woodland stuff
she's in and out of the hedges and stuff
and I worried that if she was wearing a
collar all the time he'll get caught so
I don't know what to do I don't know a
tracking implant like they have in
science-fiction movies where they can
track wherever you are that's what I
need that is what I need
I want to implant it as my dog but there
we go anyway I'm off to pick up we we
are off mike is driving us we're going
to pick up his sister Lizzie who is
coming
I don't know why I said sister lovely in
a funny way like that it's kind of like
her name is just Lizzie she's not just
yeah just does that crazy accent or
anything I just did it and then we are
going all train to see Taylor you're not
coming because you're boring a bit later
now I'm actually in London already it
wouldn't listen hey who if you can't
reach a minute vlog in ages this is
Mike's big sister whoa gossip for you
all I don't know why because it yeah we
are in a cab on our way to meet my
friend Amy and her friend we are gonna
go get some lunch going to a place
called the grazing goat we just sat down
I have a crayfish salads it looks really
good actually
normally salads would be like a boring
healthy option we've arrived it's pretty
busy we're trying to work out where
we're going and
we also got given these crazy massive
wristbands that apparently light up so
we've got to pull the plastic bit out
when Taylor comes on and they light up
and then you throw them in yeah and it's
like some kind of big it's like sticking
your lighters up but taking your
wristbands up so I have found Jack and
we've been planning this for a while
there Jack a few days Jack has the best
t-shirt in this whole field of thousands
of people this is the best t-shirt sold
on this stick
I'm jealous I want one I think I'm gonna
have to buy one after this it's like the
best teacher ever in the whole world
we're heading towards the stage right
now to watch Ella Gordon whatever she
comes on cake there's quite a lot of
people here I'm liking how the stage has
foliage it has a lot of foliage around
it
when I'm sitting on the floor waiting
potato I like to spend about half an
hour and slash maybe a bit more going to
party everybody drink we now have a
drink thing here in a little circle and
I thought really persuaded everyone
sitting down when we were walking over
my garage so hard to get back now I'm
sitting down and I feel like one of
those people there's the stage and you
see it's right there through the gap and
I think we have about 20 minutes wait so
we're looking at the wristbands right
now being I want to pull the thing out
and make it flash but we're waiting
because they said wait till Taylor comes
on stage we're waiting hurry up they
look something is happening
the exit sign is lighting me up in green
I haven't turned into a Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtle since I last saw you
that was honestly the coolest cake I've
ever been to in my life I loved it and a
big shout-out to jag for having me on
his shoulders because I'm but I'm
definitely not a ten year old child so
yeah I think you've got to have a bad
back tomorrow guys there's going to be
some good food and it was the most
awesome thing normally a bit shine as
well like normally I'd go on people
shots I'm like oh yeah cuz it was Taylor
I was like going for it it was amazing
all we're gonna go get some snacks now
hold the phone guys we figured out that
these bracelets now that the music is
off they were going to the music but now
when you shake them they go on but when
you shake shake shake shake shake shake
shake it off they go different colors
duh coolest thing I've ever seen I hope
it works forever but I know it won't so
we went to get food after the game turns
out it's 11 o'clock and nowhere really
is opening I'll ever cook so excited to
come to Tesco's mainly thinking Oh
currently near perusing the cereal aisle
Special K I've got some seedless green
grapes and some ambrosia Rose pudding
that's just I roll just got my crushing
thing at Mike's other sister's flat so
I'm gonna go to bed now I'm just so
tired literally I did not I don't know
if for some reason if it was a bit
earlier than it was but I think it's
just like two hours of straight jumping
up and down and dancing I had the best
time ever I want to do it again hard
times it's over at least I've logged it
and I can watch this vlog over and over
again and be like that was so awesome
I do realize also it has a little creek
just gonna have to live with that I'll
see you guys in the morning
for Sunday chill time I'm not sure I
actually have no plans for I might go to
my sister's for Sunday lunch I think
yeah see you tomorrow bye
everyone I haven't actually vlog today
yet and it is like five o'clock I have
been doing really boring admin all day
so I thought you know what I'm just
gonna start my vlog later when Mike and
I are spending a day or an evening
