well hello there everyone I haven't
actually vlog today yet and it is like 5
o'clock I have been doing really boring
admin all day so I thought you know what
I'm just gonna start my vlog later when
Mike and I are spending a day or an
evening together finally Mike was like
sisters I was like absolutely not
so mike has come show me what he's been
doing in the garden today piglet is also
just excited to show us because she's
been out here working her little socks
off the other two are here too this is
the big fat moe but um there is spaniel
number one and spaniel number two with a
ball got mini bonfire what's that
burning old bits of stuff and this area
is the compost heap this was before this
was just a pile of literally well not
poo but like it was a pile of rubbish
pile of compost in fact but now you went
and bought these sleepers right they
railways and so now you have a little
that's why they got the whole well not a
little bit seriously massive compost
heap well done so flat
very nice well done MDF I miss you you
know really I did I really missed you
what have you been doing the last few
days making this and working going to
good words you see lots of cars so many
guys I found when you guys I want what's
that I found many new cars I want so the
first ones price range okay the first
one is just thirty of your finest
English Pounds which is thousand pounds
yes so this is the cheap one which is an
Ariel nomad which is amazing and the
errol boys would show me around they let
me sit in it playing it got a word I've
got a bone to pick with them and then I
saw a hmm
I saw a Ferrari 458 and an f40 which is
like ultimate dream getting to that
amazing that was basically at biome
forty I don't know what good word is
because they probably don't was but is
right speed it's one they've basically
loads of new plastic old cars and they
do a Hill pine and basically you go down
the hill
you can like look at all of us because
our friend mikey is racing Italy all
this weekend me yeah really and so what
we gonna do tonight mister well I was
thinking you could go get me a Chinese
and I was thinking I could sleep you
think you gonna cut a little ad yeah
then you might wanna cuddle basically
I've just missed you so much
I'm just gonna walk around like this
with my arms like there I'm just gonna
hold on to you like this really tight
and walk around with you like I just got
to do this all day
I'm just got a war attachment I've been
eating strawberries there's only a few
left and I am now it's such a mess in
kitchen so I'm gonna fight at the
kitchen then I'm gonna get back to
everything because I've been doing like
boring admin some reason like all the
account stuff and all that jazz has been
like Julian this month which got loads
of filings stuff to do and putting
things away so now I'm gonna tidy up the
fridge we're editing and upload my vlogs
and then you and me I having it chilled
out evening together okay you heard that
yes I got home how long have I got
twice for doing one night no I'm saying
like to do something for with starting
it I don't know like an hour say to
outfish he's like do I have to can I say
I'm good oh you get used to not having
me around like after doing a warm life
you've got a nice little time you say
that you say that - sure oh that's not
too bad it's that oh my god Mike that's
terrible you need to put some serious
sun creepers whilst you're whilst you're
Taylor Swift tomorrow I'm gonna take my
t-shirt off in the garden are you yeah
how rude good job is no around to see
that so just when I finish all my work
for the evening and get ready for bed
and my PJs
with little piglets on we find out
piglet has done a runner on her
nighttime walk with Mike and he's been
looking for her for about half an hour
and can't find us I've come outside in
my PJs to help him the piglet is a
naughty little weasel let's find her
look at you two Pussycats we found you
didn't we
hello see hello everybody it was bb2
have you seen pig anywhere nowhere to be
seen
look at the new driveway snazzy it used
to have about 10 million potholes down
this road
okay so may have got a little bit over
emotional about piglet being missing for
an hour we were about nearly to nearly
two hours again in the dark but I got to
the point where we were like we can't
look all night what do we do and then we
hear a little yeah and this comes
running out of the woods what you pick
it where the hell have you B bumbling
badger hunting hmm
she's filthy I could I love you but I
could kill you at the same time I'm
going to put in a bar so this is the
current situation right now I'm thinking
it went straight into the bark she was
covered in burrs and she's very
unimpressed
so we're drying her and brushing her you
got a problem with this pig you
shouldn't run away 11 o'clock at night
Jonah was 11 when I run away what was
that pig we're not finished bumbling
what is up with you dog
I thought you'd had a good time no and
the cat wants in on the action as well
BV what you do in what you do in they
were helping look it was actually quite
sweet they were like following us around
and I kept thinking that they were
piglets well that was the problem
pig you are such a naughty dog Oh give
me a heart attack cat you are trying
very very hard to get involved really
she's still covered in burrs beaver is
literally so determined to get some kind
of attention
Oh baby come on you are ridiculous cat
Mike's got a cat rucksack so ridiculous
this is what happens in our household
half past 11:00
on a Friday night whoo-hoo so I'd only
go into my blog last night after that
night of pallava mischief and piglet
mayhem because we basically passed out
on a sofa we put Glastonbury on which
watched a bit of launch the machine's
performance and then we both passed out
even like and he doesn't sleep on the
sofa play often so see you guys tomorrow
which is actually today bye morning guys
welcome to Thursday today I'm home alone
obviously I went to sleep home alone
yesterday if you watched yesterday's
vlog and I'm just feeding the pooches
and I'm packing up a little snack pack
for them they have like a little pack
dinner
