morning guys welcome to Thursday today
I'm home alone obviously you went to
sleep home alone yesterday if you
watched yesterday's vlog and I'm just
feeding the pooches and I'm packing up a
little snack pack for them they have
like a little pack dinner because
they're going to stay with Mike's sister
piglets twinkles and switches they're
going to stay with Mike's sister today
because I'm going to London so I've got
ready just going to take a couple of
pictures for my Instagram and then we're
going for a walk and then I'm taking
these guys over to Lily's house and they
better be good cook piglet is such a pig
take my name picked by nature she's like
oh I'm afraid little people little you
all haven't got a lead today we're under
a bit of a time crunch and she's been
running away like a couple of times a
week have you not piggy look at you
these guys are like come on I want to go
okay so I haven't walked up on our usual
walk foot path for about a week and it's
so overgrown I'm wearing a skirt as well
as good job I've got willies on the dogs
are like loving it
piglet is not loving the lead so I've
been a terrible of lager today and I
haven't vlogged since this morning I had
such a stressful morning I literally had
the biggest nightmare when I get the
dogs in the car up the road and all of
the guys that were laying the tarmac so
I said I told you guys in yesterday's
well but they're basically like
resurfacing the road outside our house
so we had to point the car on neighbours
house which is about it's not like next
door it's like down the road because
they're tarmac even at the whole road so
I had to get all three dogs and all of
my stuff for the day to the car and the
dogs were like not having a trickle i
sat down was I'm not walking on lead
because they're never normally on leads
because where we live we don't need
leads and it just ended up being like a
nightmare and they were so embarrassing
in front of the guys laying the tarmac
piglet like went flat out and just lay
down and was like I'm scared as soon as
she saw them so I slept pick her up and
I sold I got this stuff and then I got
squidge in the car and then I got piglet
in the carpet then squinch jumped out
and then treacle turned up running all
over the wet tarmac it was just like a
nightmare and then I ended up driving to
London come straight to the meeting and
I've been in a meeting for three hours
about content and brainstorming all that
kind of stuff so I'm now in
on my own or in the meeting room on my
own it looks like I eaten like a
demolished my way through like all of
these snacks it wasn't it was everybody
but now they're not in here so I have
like half an hour to get my testing done
and then I'm going to the style summer
party which I'm really excited about
because just obviously spent like couple
of days and can with some style team and
that's super fun and Robins gonna be
there and Susie from hello October it's
also in the office today this is I'm
actually she's play where I am I'm
actually in my management teams office
which I know I've never he's spoken
about this before it's kind of like the
untalked of outside of YouTube but I
have a management team at company called
James grant and that's where I am today
and it's super hot outside it is 26
degrees and the reason why Susie's here
and she's also with them so if that
makes sense so it's like 26 degrees
today anyway so we're gonna go for a
drink before the party with Suzy and a
couple of girls from the office and then
we are going to go to the party but I
can't drink tonight because I'm driving
home from here because I have the car
here because I had to take the dogs
knock laughs Barbara Barbara Barr
today's been one of those days I'm gonna
get everything now and I will see you in
a while it's right there
I want to go shopping right now cookies
like right now we might oh my god
there's a sale on
right now it's so investigating always
in it I don't know what that is but
looks tasty
halloumi YUM I'm gonna go back when I
don't have my hands for old chicks not
very healthy but tasty oh this is
like Oh chicken hot dogs
Oh condiments I went for the cheese
heavy protein heavy option mmm cheese oh
my god guys so they have this ice cream
that is a pony
this part is healthier than an apple has
like 90 calories and it's made of like
apparently really good stuff stevia ice
cream with coconut oil
and it's not actually caramel oh my god
it's so good
just come to the and what do you want to
drink
I thought Rosie still a nice food is an
old prison cell but obviously everyone
said how much you loved kids dancing so
here she is again Robin did not mean he
so we just like would Emily look I'm
actually saying over at a friend's house
because Mike's driven back home tonight
I left my car like way over in West
London so I'm gonna gonna pick it up
first thing tomorrow and go back but I
had a really fun night actually it was
like just a really fun evening of
hanging out and so nice to have Mike
there he never comes to work stuff of
mine so it was actually really nice for
him to meet everybody all the guys I was
in can weird and stuff like that so it
was really cool and that's gonna be it
for this evening I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye good morning everyone today
it is my last day and cat and waking up
to them you I want to live here I am
currently packing up my suitcase and
getting ready because I'm actually
filming a lookbook video I have
