good morning everyone today it is my
last day and can waking up to them you I
want to live here I am currently packing
up my suitcase and getting ready because
I'm actually filming a lookbook video I
have all the looks laid out here we have
like two hours Robyn's doing and getting
ready with me video next door in the
morning gonna film his outfit that's the
Train this is where the train tracks are
like right by the apartment you see that
train it's a noisy train so yes we have
like 2 hours to get this done and that
is all for this morning I actually feel
not too bad this morning I thought it
was gonna be super high because we
didn't get to bed until maybe like half
what not something like that maybe a bit
later but yes it is currently 9 o'clock
I've been up for a couple of hours
getting ready sorting my life out and
now if we are filming some outfit shots
for a lookbook video that I'm doing and
Robin is being the cameraman this
morning look at those shorts we are in
the ballroom the creepy pool room it's
not so creepy in the daytime fact it's
beautiful going on a scouting adventure
in the gardens of where we're staying
and this place what is it it's kind of
creepy I feel like someone's gonna come
out this whole place is really creepy
what's in there scary but we can film an
Alva video by it it looks cool with the
ivy that's cool look at that so we
finished filming I hope it went really
well I think it went well we are just
packing up my suitcases packed and I'm
ready to leave we're leaving our awesome
apartment and I think we're gonna go get
some breakfast down by the sea for our
last a last hurrah in can in the
sunshine and oh my god really
embarrassing guys because I've been
wearing these for the past few days I've
actually got two hand lines with these
sandals on so like I have like lines
with these sandals so not cool actually
didn't have enough time to go down
pbht like I said we ended up leaving a
bit late so we are in the airport and
firstly would be today is this
I promise I'm going to eat healthily
when I get home but for now I'm gonna
eat a burger this is a supreme classic
I've never had quit before this white
dude look at the band yummy
we thought the burger wasn't quite
enough junk food so just going for a
casual giant macaroon as well so I've
arrived at the airport two hours quick
flight slept for one hour and 55 of it
brilliant feel amazing saying goodbye to
the guys
see you tomorrow though bye just got
home after three hours in the car which
is not great excited poopies oh the
wiggle piggle so me and the poopies over
there are currently walking over to the
neighbors because Mike's left his car
there because they're repaving part of
our road at the moment because it was
really really pot holy and terribly
bumpy so I'm on my way over to pick up
the car and head over to mums to grab a
little bit of dinner because she rang me
when I was walking back and was like
have you eaten because we're cooking and
I know you're getting back late and
Mike's not here so I'm gonna go grab
some food with mum and have a chat with
them I need to keep an eye on the dog so
he's so funny now because they are not
on lead and it should be really quiet
it's like nearly nine o'clock and
treacle what are you doing
check out my leftovers home cooking at
his best so I am home now and I'm
upstairs in my room just getting ready
for bed and I have some very special
guests on the bed tonight because Mike's
not here they don't normally sleep
upstairs on the bed they are allowed
upstairs snuggling and squidge it's
loving it they're feeling rather spoilt
right now which they are very very
spoiled very very spoiled squidge oh so
yeah these guys Deeping upstairs and me
cuz like I don't get like scared on my
own but
I like like thumb up being up here for
company so that's gonna be it for today
I'm gonna go take my makeup off maybe
watch an episode of orange is the new
black and have a little snooze I'm off
to London what are you doing you're far
too happy about being upstairs what
you're doing under there you monkey this
one is so cuddly you squeeze your ooh
yes I'll see you guys in the morning and
I hope you have a great day
bye piggy says bye she says bye we see
the funny one
bye everybody and welcome to my second
day and can it is a beautiful day again
we are heading down to is that
conference like it's a conference isn't
it
