good morning everybody and welcome to my
second day in can it is a beautiful day
again we are heading down to a
conference I guess it's a conference
isn't it
we're doing our panel a profiteer hello
good morning feeling fresh not we're
heading down to the conference this
morning because we have our panel is
that like 9:45 it's currently a 8:20
meant to be down there 8:15 but I'm sure
they won't mind
I need yes that's all I have to update
you on this morning except for the fact
it's sunny yes here we are at the hotel
where we are doing the tour here is a
church it's quite a nice Church actually
I like it
is it Church pretty sure some kind of
says Napoleon on the side right now we
have cheese and cakes look at the cheese
and me young woman just has lead this is
our beautiful setting for breakfast
it is gorgeous we're trying to work out
whether this is a pool or order future
what do you guys think I'm not entirely
sure if it is about how you get in
because it's kind of like a giant metal
box it's kind of crazy so we finished
the panel it was short and sweet and
just like me short maybe not this week
all the time and we are now walking the
streets of to have a little it was
bizarre in Cannes really good I always
get stuff whenever I come here
you know any excuse for bizarre action
what you doing now
this is ridiculous so we're now sitting
on the beach at a restaurant in the
beach Robbins talking about naughty
things so what this piece is right there
pickings here and we've just got our
lunch I've got black risotto so squid
ink risotto with calamari I'm not sure
where the yellow stuff is but it looks
good and salmon eggs
oh yes and we have a Bloody Mary as well
just because when and can on a Tuesday
also may have made a sneaky little
purchase today these are the sunglasses
I found in Vegas and I never got a
chance to go back and buy them and so
many of you guys like you dude they're
like on Instagram
so I got them and they're much cheaper
in France than they were in America
which is as good a reason as any I guess
but yeah I'm leaning forward weirdly
because it's so hot if I go back here
I'm in the sunshine and potentially
burning its calm so we've had a little
bit of a break and a change in outfit
quick outfit of the day on the stairs I
have on my forever 21 denim dress I wear
all the time
thank you I have on my new sunglasses
okay and I have on my necklaces that I
wear all the time
my Chloe bag that I have been wearing
all the time for last couple of weeks
and my Steve Madden sandals that I have
also been wearing pretty much for the
last two weeks so not the most
interesting outfit for you guys if you
have been following my vlogs this month
but we have just had the most productive
couple of hours we have been just like
editing and doing stuff I managed to get
my video up that's going to go yesterday
and a vlog put a blog post up and I'm
feeling really good about this it's
about a 4 o'clock now I'm gonna go for
some drinks on the beach I think if they
caught a surprise
we've lost a few hours I think just the
one that'd be rude to have just the one
if you gossip do you like rubbish sure
so I'll check out
he is getting sure I love it
where's this wrong and this is just a
peacocks number I have looked peacocks
in years the Sun is still shining guys
we won't missed out on a few hours but
but the Sun is still shining we're gonna
go get in those last a few hours of
sunshine on the beach and check out how
cuz we go home to our it's a party going
on right here guys we are a Google Beach
baby Rose a time again cheers everybody
this is where we are right now Google
beaches awesome there's lots of cool
stuff to do when you can get like that
sounds really touchy with I'm gonna win
this
look guys this is so cool you make a
little person like an Android and they
print it on onto a cup we need to make
one no my Robin and a pan Jody
there I am and it's really fun they were
by the beach again it's kind of just
generally by beach we're in Bali and
look at this venue it's English for a
star it's sealed this is I feel like oh
I'm actually like breaking in here we're
running down onto the beach to stick our
feet in the ocean or maybe not because
I'm actually got sandals on
but the sunset is amazing
hello can you look beautiful this is
we're eating as well so cool oh sandy
toes this is my dinner
I got sushi which it seems you know what
it's weird it seems like a strange place
to eat sushi in France however we are
going to see if I think it's gonna be
bright I did already actually one piece
that was there and it was really really
good so we've had an amazing dinner we
were a couple of drinks we just tried to
go into this bar here which it seems too
busy so I think we're just gonna go home
we did we actually fun to see one of the
guys from earlier
is part of the channel called dude
perfect they're like a massive sports
channel at the comedy sports channel if
you guys it's like some of you will know
about it so anyway depends if you into
that kind of thing he was so nice him
and his wife I got two pages we're
pretty cool yeah this is what can looks
like right now it's beautiful it's very
lights in the trees and I'm gonna say
good night I'll see you tomorrow and I
hope you all have a lovely day we will
see we have arrived in Nice Airport we
actually have to get the car to Canton
but Robin was just telling me apparently
there is such a thing as uber copter
drop me to whip that up no we've wrecked
