good morning everyone today is the
beginning of part 5 of my vlogmas get
ready for the jingle jingle Oh jingle
it's actually quite early at 7 o'clock I
am awake and almost ready as you can
tell I don't awake can you believe it
and almost ready as she's put my lip on
Mike is awake because he's going to the
physio surprise surprise my work today
laughs you did for Christmas I am going
to London today about my final baby
checkup which Mike's not coming to
basically before terrible husband he's
been to like every other one I've got
just like a final checkup before the
baby obviously I have like a date
scheduled infant operation and stuff so
I've got to go in the day before that to
have like my final blood tests and stuff
but this is like my last check on her
position and everything and then I'm
going to the Nutcracker and I've never
been to see ballet and we're life before
so I'm very excited going with my friend
Libby gonna eat some breakfast I've got
a very festive outfit on guys and I want
your opinion on this because it feels a
little bit over the top
but I don't have that much stuff that
fits me anymore and that is clean so
basically I'm wearing this green leopard
print shirt which is from Topshop with
my red coat I don't know if the green
and red thing is too much what do you
think Mike do you think it's too much
look at the size of the bomb now guys
he's Bobby
she is the bump she is a large bump very
complex a little bit you're a big bump
baby
so I've arrived in London I'm with live
and I've just had my last baby she felt
everything as good and we are set for
the baby day and we're now in a common
garden a little bit early for lunch so
we've comfortable and it's so cool their
Christmas decorations here always so
lovely someone's singing down there and
I think we're gonna have a little look
and see if we can go into the ordinary
shop because I have not been there yet
there's so many good beauty shops in
common garden and I wanted to try and
find a tree as well because I saw a
picture of it and it looks amazing I'm
having a cheeky little coffee when the
square look at the blue sky today guys I
love it when London is like this and it
feels so Christmassy we still haven't
found the tree yet though but we found a
giant Rudolph that she's not Rudolph it
doesn't have a red nose but it's a
reindeer so we've come to the Ivy market
grille in common garden for a little
free ballet lunch I've got some
mushrooms and brioche lips it's gone
it's as popular mozzarella yes with
oranges and oranges amazing yeah
we've arrived guys I'm so excited my
first ever ballet also have a good stash
of sweeties
there are a lot of kids here that wanted
to steal my sweeties I'm not sharing
look at this guy's as a tree made out of
ballet shoes just got home guys I feel
so tired I have a vlog since we left the
ballet but I had such a good time I've
never ever seen ballet before like I
said earlier and it was so good I'm so
Christmassy and awesome and they're
actually loads of kids in there as well
which is really nice squidgy can I sit
there come on off squidge come on off I
want to cuddle so anyway I've just got
home hard like being pregnant yeah I
wasn't you it was the baby actually
album Vita so I just had the weirdest
dinner ever in the world
I had pretty much a whole pack of white
anchovies delicious in vinegar then I
had Miller corner and now I'm eating a
persimmon and this isn't me being
pregnant guys I'm just weird like that
anyway so I'm back with this one he's
going for a run
did this evening was the Christmas from
where we ran round the village where we
run and we judged all the lights that
were around absolutely stellar the
winner had literally their entire warm
covered in lights up the side of the
house they had like a penguin they had a
Santa's grotto media game I yeah we
don't we don't do very good
no one comes to see us for Christmas
like no darling I want toast and
marmalade things yo so anyway the
Nutcracker was awesome I had a lovely
David Libby and then we got actually got
a lift back with a friend of ours
instead of getting the Train so he went
to Westfield where she picked us up and
had a little wander around but I got so
tired I went where our hands started
swelling up a bit I had to take my rings
off an hour round when you can't see
them but they're round my neck
necklace and I'm now thoroughly pooped
like exhausted tomorrow it's gonna be a
little bit more of an easy night chill
your beams chill out because it's like a
week till well it's like see pictures
every week right now that's what you
need to do tomorrow
maxin relaxin ain't too taxing hey peg
see you in the morning I'm gonna finish
off my persimmon well guys I haven't
flogged yet today because we've had
drama in the house and I mean actual
like pain in the ass drama you know we
were redoing our bathrooms was today was
a day when they were fight that the last
one was finally finished Tyler literally
filled up the bath put the sealant
around the edge was like great all done
Merry Christmas walked out the door
about half an hour later I'm sitting
here and I hear like a dripping coming
from the frickin ceiling there is a leak
in the bottle the plumber has royally
effed up and therefore we had to rip the
bath screen thing off the side the side
panel off and there it was basically
because the whole bath was full so that
it's like heavy so that the sealer sits
in the right spot
and obviously there was a leak somewhere
in the bath or the pipe so I see not the
pipe coming out because the bath was
like full and like the plug was in it so
we don't know what's going on basically
we just had to rip the whole like
freshly decorated bath panel out
literally just finished and it's been
going on for like three months this
bathroom so literally I said literally
about five times I was so excited and
now I'm just really really got it we've
currently got a dehumidifier and we've
taped this to the wall and covered the
the switch in like as much masking tape
and some tape as we can to try and stop
it
messing up the electrics but we've
literally got water coming through the
ceiling yeah current situation
in the bathroom Gossett look at these
guys sunbathing over here diaper edging
onto Treecko you guys these guys just
got the cutest delivery from pets
pajamas look at this they've got a
little festive bandanas you look so cute
you look so cute and you little one
squish actually loves wearing clothes
she kind of ends up being a bit like oh
look at me I'm so fancy I'm so fancy
they sent like some of their pet boxes
with lots of bits and bobs in than these
I'm gonna keep for Christmas because
they're gonna love them on Christmas Day
and it will keep them distracted so they
say guys that in the last few weeks of
pregnancy you start nesting and it is
true let me tell you currently in the
process of having a massive clear-out in
my wardrobe this is the stuff that is
going I need to back it up I've got a
rail behind me that's what I've been
keeping all right some maternity stuff
whilst I've been pregnant and then that
pile there is maternity stuff that
doesn't fit anymore but I don't want to
put it away because I have a feeling
that's what I'll go back into after
having the baby so it's like still
maternity stuff but it's not like really
massive tummy stuff so as you can tell
I've got my bin bags and I'm gonna start
bagging stuff up for the charity shop
what day is it Wednesday Wednesday night
fun fun fun so I've just spent the last
half an hour lying on my bed listening
to Christmas tunes and writing lists of
what to pack for Christmas because
basically we're moving around a lot on
Christmas like over Christmas Day and
Boxing Day and then just before the baby
and then what's packed Hospital and
stuff so basically I've got to have like
five bags packed well yeah because
there's the hospital bag the baby bag
I've got like a spare one that's going
in the back of the car with extra stuff
Hospital just in case and then packing
for my mums and then packing in between
Christmas and Hospital so yes we are all
over the shop and I'm trying to work out
what to wear what I'm gonna need so that
I don't need to wash everything loads of
times because I don't want to be doing
that over Christmas the only
I do have to wash that on my black jeans
because I have two pairs of jeans that
are basically only things I want to wear
right now having a nice lie down I need
to get up because I'm hungry I'm going
get a snack and then we're actually
going I think Mike's probably about 15
minutes away should be in any home now
then we're going to my mom's for dinner
which I'm quite excited about theevening
look who's back pinky do you like the
first of next year's hilarious they look
so cute
they look so cute yes they do hi so
we're chilling at mom and dad's now we
just had dinner but I forgot to vlog in
here I ate it and this one might eat and
all of the orange ones and there's a big
fire mum has eight nine you got no shine
Christmas trees in this house they're
all quite small ones but she's gone all
out there's two in here and then should
I do a quick show you a quick Christmas
tree tour the bump can take you on the
tour guys here's the big tree this is
the big tree it's quite squat it's like
fast at the bottom oh there's a wreath
here's a wreath on the grandfather clock
when you come in there's one in the
kitchen this is a good one I think this
is my favourite I like this like the
little moose she's also got this on the
kitchen table which is interesting
it's the donger and then she's got five
of these they all match in the
conservatory on every windowsill
I do like the twinkly lights mum I don't
think you need to light them all they
all look the same
there's five but I do love it in here
it's so colourful look how mums got this
massive poinsettia it looks really cool
and colorful there's lights everywhere
I'm officially a beached whale on the
sofa I'm not gonna lie but where you're
sitting right now it was a smelly area
whale number one
Pete's whale number two this dog is so
naughty Aussie Aussie
she's like passed out completely passed
out
Otzi the otter she's like no she's
unless you're food please no she's not
gonna listen to you love you're naughty
we've snuck upstairs having we guys we
having one little cuddle and she makes
me really sad cuz these guys probably
won't really be allowed on the bed after
the baby's here so well not was often
anyway or not for a while and they are
just so cuddly you especially scuba is
cleaning her foot nice and trickles
downstairs with Mike for this one she's
come for cuddles this is literally
cutest thing ever
it looks like a bow around your neck
you're like a little present
me and PEG be chillin hey peg got
anything to say got anything to add just
a nice vlog you are adorable
yeah you're adorable that's gonna be it
for today's vlogmas guys
what's that were you what are you trying
to do we're trying to do here oh oh yes
here we go yet standard we'll see you
guys in the last and final installment
of Lagos which is gonna be vlogmas 7 6 5
more 6 and it's gonna be piglet piglet
but it's gonna be the day before
Christmas Eve and Christmas Eve and if I
can stop this dog giving me kisses then
I'll see you then bye
say bye
