good morning guys so bright Wow
hang on I'm gonna put this down whoa
that's better I'm here with this one I
dragged him out of bed to take me to the
station because today I'm going to
London to I'm talking at the
cosmopolitan self-made summit you know
that oh so excited I can't wait to hear
all about it
so food food I'll see you later up in
York
yes Michel have you put your running
game in you're actually probably running
getting my stuff visit Miami for the run
divorce I just got used them and met
Lucy it's a very special delivery with
her today
I can't leak and I'm excited to this
guy's this is the first ever time that
I've seen my MAC lipstick oh my god it's
so loud in here I'm sorry but I just
couldn't contain my excitement look at
this he's working so cool it has my name
on it and it has my name on the ends as
well this is like my personal stash from
my friends and family and to keep myself
for few tears um but I just can't
actually believe it it's like a life
goal life made kind of moment I'm going
to show you the color as well that is
very surreal very very surreal
here is the color I love it so much and
if you guys don't follow me on instagram
inhabitant updates there's been a little
bit of a delay in their releases they're
now coming out on the 8th of May on max
orchid of EPA and they're going to be in
Selfridges and on Selfridges website on
the 10th grade
and I'm going to be doing some events as
well one in Dublin and one in the
traffic sensitive so keep guys till on
my Instagram and my claws announcer
Samantha this is a great day
hello just finish my first panel at the
Cosmo self-made summer and it was
awesome so good I'm not checking out
everything else is here it's so busy in
here you've got another panel later
we're basically doing like the same
thing again for another session there's
loads of stuff going on this thing is
actually super cool whereas with the
towel rule how people accountable
very good let's hang lights everywhere
hair stuff going on fashion stuff going
on looks like people have milkshakes
over there and there's a book done and
they have my book to fail I didn't even
know that was going to be there
look someone's looking at it I'm at
Kings Cross now and I'm about to get
this frame right here to go up to York
that's my friends Lizzie's birthday is
actually this week by the coming week
which is having a party tonight and I'm
going up you're to see her and yet I
should really quit going to London feels
like an hour and fifty minutes on the
frame actually not very far but I've
caught about a hundred little note slips
to write for bloggers journalists and
stuff my magnet sticks inside what I'm
going to do on the train very exciting
made it your guys soundlessly oh we're
drinking rhubarb gin and tonic
it is Saturday afternoon after all and
there's some totally nice almond I hope
I get one you're very badly ramen if you
ever come in you'll buy the train
station
come and get it atomic in here how are
you pursue helpful in there Jim select
fingers I am going to drink this now
Mike is on road on his way up with a dog
he's dropping the dogs off at his mum's
because I don't think rosacea toxin
you're out so we're back at Lisa's house
now and she has just got in the shower
to get ready for tonight because she's
having a party here at her house and
doing dinner for everybody and I'm
really tired good what was specific so I
am just having a little bit of a lie
down on her bed and trying not to fall
asleep and I'm clearly getting the party
started here guys I just got massive
coffee so cool just topped up my makeup
a little bit for this evening and I'm
wearing my lipstick my cries right love
and he's chopping up some avocado just
made a surgeon and hunt with the
stiletto Hendricks
I did let my baby arises and you could
work yeah basically that's all he's
useful for and this is just been
buttering up some potatoes some chili
everyone's about to arrive the you won't
see us for a while so I never finished
the blog atlases last night because we
were having a really good time we're
making loads of new people that we had
met before and in that kind of situation
people think you're really weird when
you gold I haven't gold today I've had a
bit of a day off because I've just been
really tired and I just yeah sorry guys
just fancied a day off and just said
this is how I feel oh yeah hello hope
you guys have all had a very good
weekend a jolly good weekend when I'm
right she's fine weekend so we had a
very good time up north through NC Lisi
and then on the way home I'm going to
see Mike parental parental thing yeah
unlike sister and and we're home a
mattress in a time and visions well I
had my dinner in the class who stops M&S
and got smacks piggy did you have your
dinner in the car no so I've come a
travel bath in the spare bathroom
because our bath is not working properly
at the moment and I wanted to use this
because I got given it yesterday at the
Cosmo or not the Cosmo Awards the Cosmo
self made summit that was talking out
this is the de-stress mind bars and
shower oil from aromatherapy associates
actually one of my favorite bath oils I
love aromatherapy associates and I
haven't had them in ages probably
haven't used one of these in five years
so absolutely love them and I also love
this bar my favorite bathroom in the
whole house and it's in the spare room
not in our room so I don't use it very
often but I love it it's beautiful and
this is the rest of my Sunday night
routine I'm going to wash my hair with
the Eels amino acid shampo conditioner
I've actually been using this for just
over a year now because I discovered it
at Coachella last year so been that long
and I'm still using it I freaking love
it's called coconut oil is great and
then the rodeo super acid
extreme hangover mask and the capture
rice powder and they killed midnight
recovery cleansing oil probably not in
that order but that is what I'm using to
see I'm now lying on my bed mm-hmm I'm
kind of deciding whether or not to let
my hair go to the air dry I'm going to
see by the time I want to go to sleep if
it's dry yet because I've been trying to
heat file it a little bit less recently
anyway and I'm watching 13 reasons why
were on Netflix which I know a lot of
you guys probably have seen it already
because it's like the newest Netflix
series everyone thinks we're watching
but if you're not watching it it's
really good and I would recommend
watching I'm really enjoying I'm only on
Episode four but I'm liking it so far
that's going to be up today I'll see you
guys in my next vlog if you guys have a
great day and I see why
