hey guys and happy Monday today I'm off
to the airport again I'm going to can to
speak on a panel to I think it's like a
marketing event it's basically to a
marketing group of people from a load of
brands so I'm going to meet the guys
from style Ville at the airport I just
got a message from my car saying he's
almost here so I'm gonna get my bags and
go I've arrived at the airport I was
pretty late it took me like three hours
to get here the traffic was so bad and I
was stressing out but I found Robin I
mean Geneva I fell I journeyed but again
yeah well you know and we're just
staying here wasting observing these
limited-edition Havaianas 55 quid these
ones 125 really would any of you pay
that no we've stopped for a little
breakfast got some eggs my fave this is
coconut yoga I've never had it before
I'm not sure about the topping we will
see we have arrived in Nice Airport we
actually have to get the car to Canton
but Robin was just telling me apparently
there is such a thing as uber copter
drop me to whip it up no no we're extras
hello between hang on I've got a
focusing issue nice and can it's 160
euros right yeah it seems like a bargain
to me under six euros wondering like
driving it would be it's like an hour in
the colour isn't it yeah I mean it's
probably probably like for one person
they're pro for one person we've just
arrived I have to say our apartment
location is looking pretty awesome the
building we're actually really close to
it we currently see
doesn't it look cool me and Robin are
sharing an apartment you know because
we're that cool I'll do your little
apartment tour later okay so this is the
Robin and fuller apartment tour for the
next couple of days this is the hallway
is the walk in pretty plain but it gets
better gets better this is the main
living room and it goes onto your Robins
suite bedroom here she's got through the
arches how cool is that and this is the
room it seriously has a view and
balconies which we all got very very
excited about you look is the sea and
pan and the dirty windows and then in
here what a dining table if we want to
entertain we have the kitchen this is so
exciting but being on holiday have a
kitchen and then there's like a cupboard
in there
and then we have I don't know what's in
here is this the toilet
oh yeah there's like a little guest
toilet there and on the bathrooms in
here with the shower and another toilet
and then this is my room which I have
two beds I'm not gonna sleep on I want
I'm gonna sleep on this one obviously so
cute and then here's my little balcony
this is really exciting we are in can
again if you guys watched my April vlog
where I was in can I'm here again but a
different place all good the sunshine is
out we're gonna go get some lunch now
this is the entryway to our apartment
isn't it cool this is the carpark we are
going to get some food now because it's
actually nearly six o'clock and we only
really had breakfast this morning
because it's just the timings are a bit
odd so we're off to get food
and a nice glass of rose a I would
imagine you know when we said we were
hungry we've now got a few light snacks
this is before dinner calamari and front
look at these creepy sculptures creepy
oMG we're having dinner kind of on the
beachfront but let it focus kind of on
the beachfront but not not quite just
over the road and surprise surprise
because we are in France
I got a steak tartare and chips although
not in France steak tartare comes with
fries but these are like fat chips I'm
not sure how I feel about it but we're
gonna roll with it we're gonna roll with
it
I'm salad I've already covered them in
Tabasco because let's face it my BFF
right here I've got a little glass of
wine possibly with
crazy that's like a full-on
slub guy hunt rubbers over there
I mean what is going on this is the
magical way in we have this is a lot of
night look here we go we couldn't we
couldn't get in before look at this
magical place this is this is the
Instagram room this is this this is
really Harry Potter if you if only you
could see its really Harry Potter right
now it's a ballroom this is actually
magical if only you could see it's giant
we could have a wait look you can can
you see them balling dance me I want I
want to find the lights and turn them on
okay we found the lights and now you
guys can see Kate dance how do we not
today
look at this dancing going on and we
have a magical lift this is like the
most Hollywood fashioned this is amazing
it's an old fashioned lift is coming
down are you ready for it
here it comes five years later it's
coming I promise it's coming soon maybe
it will be here now
everyone have no don't die it's like
crazy there's anyone else oh here we go
oh let's find the door this is great
Remi look how creepy this is guys we
should actually make a horror movie at
where we're staying because it's pretty
scary yeah Oh Robin don't get murdered
just got to turn your messages it's all
right if all else fails there's always
tinder hey wait a minute it's just lying
down there it's actually not very scary
knocks so I didn't finish my vlog last
night I we did actually managed to get
in the apartment obviously because we're
in here and it's fine but this place is
creepy at night and we couldn't get in
the door for like probably ten minutes
and we were freaking out but we made it
it was fine and I'm gonna sign off here
for my first day in can I'll see you
tomorrow for sunshine and probably more
rosy good morning guys and welcome to
June divorce day 21 today is officially
the first day of summer will feels like
it's been summer for a while I don't
know why I just maybe it is me being
optimistic or over excited about summer
like yes it's summer no it's actually
summer
