good morning guys and welcome to June
divorce day 21 today is officially the
first day of summer
woo feels like it's been summer for
awhile I don't know why I just maybe is
me being optimistic or over excited
about summer I'm like yes it's summer no
it's actually someone else it's about
8:30 almost 8:30 in the morning and I'm
talking white people because the boys
are asleep still it's Sunday and I am
getting ready to film a couple of videos
I have all of my stuff set up in here so
you can see how lots of products and
stuff sneak peek I'm actually filming a
makeup look and then my monthly
favorites because I'm going away again
tomorrow morning and I don't want to
take all my camera equipment with me
because we only got a small suitcase
blah blah blah so I'm filming both of
this week's videos today then my dad's
coming around for special Father's Day
brunch at like 10:00 so I have like an
hour and a half to get this done and
stutters what's happening this morning I
did not want to wake up someone of my
alarm went off 1/2 of 6 I was like no
snooze and then it went up again no
snooze no snooze and then my quick up is
that how many loves of you sounds like
oh sorry I can't stop sneezing okay so
my filming mission is complete and I'm
gonna have to tidy up later because my
mom had a basket here and I have stuff
all over the floor all good anyway let's
get cooking so I finished filming walk
into the kitchen and what do I find
Jack is in here washing his hands at
Raven but he's already started shipping
it up this is bad I thought you can't
cook my dad Father's Day breakfast
cooking your mom is doing prep you're
looking for my mama
you're gay what and Mike is like nowhere
to be seen I think sam says having a
shower which is pretty atrocious did you
make did you lay tables might do that
tomorrow okay Mike laid the table look
how pretty it looks
now I'm actually going to help Jack
cookie I'm not gonna let endure on his
own because that would be really bad we
are doing eggs benedict let's do it
I did not realize Perrineau Jack's
already cooked some of the eggs they are
sitting here in ice water which will you
explain this chat I find out really odd
why are they an ice water what are you
cooking poached eggs for those people
right I mean yeah let's get those done
at the same time so if you cook them to
like half we get half cook drop them
into ice water then you can shut all of
them in boiling water the last men hair
cleaning shops are cooking instead from
all at the same time we learn something
new every day this is why every time
Jack comes over he ends up cooking
because he's basically a much better
cook than me and Mike so yeah I'm gonna
try and help can I do something
hollandaise Jack to the hollandaise look
at his face sure you can do the hardest
bit more I've just noticed piglet
observing Jack cooking hollandaise look
how she's sitting poor silly look at
those silly legs you are silly girl
this is getting it's getting real and
serious right here Oh check out the
result pretty impressed with that high 5
channel that was a one let's do
again what god no yes so I may or may
not have had a very very quick little
nap on the sofa for 10 minutes and I
feel much better
power nap seriously it was a great power
nap we're now on our way to Jack's house
or we were about to leave Jack's just
getting stuff because Jack's parents
have a pizza oven
and instead of doing a boring old Sunday
roast which I hate personally as you
guys know it's poking about a lot before
I don't like Sunday roast we're doing
pizzas exciting we just got back or we
didn't just get back we've just left
lunch at Jack's and I didn't vlog
because it was basically full of Jack's
parents friends and not really a vlog
little situation but we had amazing
homemade pizza
have this big pizza oven I really want
one of those yeah I'm quite everybody
get bill thank you and you can make one
like a lumpy version in door apparently
buddy today we like it off the kitchen
it's a conservatory really for what you
wouldn't want one in nobody so you could
sew in the women like the summer you
open up the conservative doors and it's
like and then we gasp yourselves no cuz
the apparently the chimp let you put a
flume in it get rid of all this like no
smoke seven that's what our friends were
telling us I like to have one outside I
think I don't know where you to put
wonder where in the competition um yeah
so now we are off home packing time
again so I leave at 7 o'clock in the
morning to go to can tomorrow which is
exciting I wish you were coming over
this'll be earlier I know a little pig
that went for a little walk II she did
and she ran away and she came back
piglet
pig come here she came back very muddy
so you know what happens to muddy dogs
pig as anyone told you about this anyone
told you what happened somebody dogs ah
they have to go in the bath oh no in the
bath bath time little piggy Wiggy bath
time and for any of you thinking she
doesn't look too dirty just you look
under here you little rascal ha ha this
is what we do when we're waiting for the
bath to run I'm not entirely sure what's
going on here squidge which is like
desperate to just be in the room because
she knows ticket and getting attention
that she's not
like bars and piglets like oh I've seen
lines of those videos on YouTube where
your home there's people like holding
sausage dogs above water and they act
like they're swimming and I want to see
a piglet done that before but her
anything she like fights this way
because she's never swum before I think
you need to let her in there get it
swimming I think then should be like
trying to do it the other peer cuz that
other dogs could swim a lot before
tingling nervous one
so she's had she's had bars before but
she hasn't had like a deep part so this
is why we're testing out in the big life
cuz normally she goes just in the sink
here we go piglets first swimming lesson
she's I fell just do not just give you a
kiss please don't put me in see if she
does the leg thing first I don't think
she will know oh oh oh she's up what
them good she's good she's starving
she's doing it I've got it she can
surround oh good girl oh no taking a bit
of water out so she can stand up I think
this is shallow enough look how dirty is
already puch and you're in there for
like a second
oh you okay you okay see we wash the pig
Oh wash the pig
good girl piggy see you're lucky some
doggies have freezing cold water you
want nice warm bath water get some
shampoo so it's safe to say this is the
face of an unimpressed piglet but I just
wanted you guys to check out the color
of the water from one very small dog and
it's got a lot of dirt in the bottom
piglet
you are a dirty little beast you ready
to come out now you pretty chill now
actually
you're a good girl posh look at her
fluffy fluffy bottoms the water is
really funny and this is how we dry the
pig she's thoroughly unimpressed right
now she gets a good old rub until she
goes SuperDuper fluffy like stop filming
me this right here is a very unimpressed
sausage dog
Oh piggy you're so squeaky clean you
gonna wipe yourself on the carpet now oh
I thought so she really wants go
downstairs are you monkey pig
look at those eyes come on them do I
have now just clean the bar and I'm
ready to actually have my own bar and
I'm kind of like mid packing and I'm a
bit forward to be honest so I am crying
out see is this evening which are like
smelly rose petal things I don't know I
got given them as a gift and I'm
watching the new series oranges new back
which I tried to watch a bit when I was
in Vegas and I kept falling asleep so
we'll see how it goes
have you guys been watching it what do
you think is it as good as the other two
series and one Episode two now so we
shall see I don't know whether to put
these in hole or break them up
so I'm gonna experiment and put one in
hole feel like that just looks a bit
rubbish
does it go slimy oh yeah it turns into
like mush
ooh that's weird
turns into like actual mush grow so if
you break them up they actually do look
like rose petals and they smell amazing
they started to break up I think you're
gonna break them up looks cooler and
they're not real but the sunday-night
top knot is happening right now just got
up the bath I'm finishing off my packing
and then I'm gonna go to bed what's time
Mike is it so already Oh on your fancy I
watch is population what a waste of
money
um this is ridiculous I think the fund
is not because of you and taking us of
our folks on it there it is look at it
half past 10:00 it's at the right time
we read it through the screen I was like
really opposite yeah I'm gonna pack now
and then I'm gonna say good night
because I will see you really early in
the morning I've got car coming at seven
o'clock piglet is looking slightly more
dry now Oh piggy gonna say goodbye to
everybody you're gonna stay annoyed stay
annoyed
bye good morning and welcome to Saturday
today we are chilling the hell out Mike
is here doing about washing up we've
just had the laziest morning watching
Saturday kitchen in
