good morning and welcome to Saturday
today we are chilling the hell out Mike
is here doing a bit washing up we've
just had the laziest morning watching
Saturday kitchen in bed with the dogs
I feel revived I slept for about 10
hours and I feel good about it
thanks thanks so today we're chilling
out spending the day together because we
haven't done that in a while and we're
starting off by cooking some boiled eggs
breakfast time here is my toast and eggs
and I think this would be a very good
addition the rune or two eggs I think it
will be your down sort of salt that's a
good job in planning something you play
venison well I don't have to eat that so
I can put a hot sauce on it fun hot
sauce basalt cops awesome we finished
breakfast about half an hour ago I walk
into the sitting room and see this what
are you up to eating an ice cream after
breakfast questionable nature this is
the unhealthy Saturday snack time
we are currently or Mike is Coast
because the Grand Prix is pretty boring
to be honest it's not even the actual
qualifying thing who's calling you hello
someone's drying her ears on the carpet
naughty little sausage she gets okay
when she's wet you're a weasel but I'm
just leaving to go and pick up Jack from
the train station because he's coming to
stay tonight and it's raining miserable
so it's a little
now I picked up the magical package of
Jack and I'm now in Mike's car and we
are on our way to town to get some lunch
and go shopping okay this is very
curious because Mike normally is not a
lover of shopping however today he
seemed really insistent that we go
shopping on a Saturday I
it's brilliant mike is brilliant but
it's not usual for you is it sure not
usual I know I just thought you know
you're home for the one time in a year
less away for three days and he changes
this much it's brilliant I need to go
away more often
yeah let's face it one off this is a
woman this is the only shopping trip
sure I'm also investigated by Mike and
what else do I have to say that's it
still raining don't whack a moment's now
getting a little bit of late lunch and I
basically crashing a boy's day out I
think Jack's here as he was earlier max
joined us reprobates and we survived the
crazy driving on the way here I wasn't
very much of it but you know I got my
usual seafood coconut broth which is
super tasty and covered it in chili so
it's extra spicy my god pad thai like
five minutes ago and you get nothing
because you're a naughty boy they're in
Levi's right now kismet was looking for
jeans and jacket remembered that he
hadn't brought any clothes with him so
it was like oh I'm gonna buy an outfit
first thing he picks up a matching pants
and it's a good luck jack good luck
we're looking at the customizable stuff
letters on your jeans mask like three
pairs of jeans high-rolling these days I
want to get this slave to red because
that's just how I roll
this is what happens when you come
shopping with three
twelve-year-old slash dear old man boys
you are boys not men can we sit around
the kitchen table and I leave them for
two minutes it'll say what do you guys
think is this to look flat wants to know
can he pull this off it's like a toy gun
what do you reckon guys can they pull
these off oh dear
so we came in to admire the new MacBooks
which I have to say I'm pretty tempted
by Mike's ended up buying a Mac but what
what I watched even your ridiculous
ridiculous so we've made a little detour
on our way home we come to the
supermarket to get supplies because
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow is Father's Day and we are
cooking brunch for my dad so we've
stopped off we're doing Eggs Benedict we
stopped off to get supplies and we're
also going over to my friend Kelly's to
dinner tonight we're gonna get her some
flowers so when he's got some flowers
these are all potted plants we want cut
flowers these are the flowers I went for
for Kelly well it's probably for Kelly's
mom and then I always actually have a
cookbook but I want to give Kelly some I
give these Kelly's mom but either way
just as a thing to take over because
Kelly always brings me flowers so I
always think that people who give people
stuff it's like usually what they like
so she always brings flowers so I'm
thinking instead of bringing wine I'm
gonna bring her flowers
and they're pretty we just got back from
shopping and I want to show you really
quickly what we've got my dad for
Father's Day which is tomorrow we have
about five minutes I'm gonna wrap this
up um before we need to leave for my
friend's house so I got him a giant body
shop Satsuma shower gel because this is
his favorite and it has been since I was
young he always used to steal mine and
yet he loves that so that's kind of a
jokey present and I also got him this
card which says you're the best dad I've
ever had
hilarious and then I got him this stripy
t-shirt because he loves stripes he has
a thing about stripy t-shirts this is
from All Saints it was in the sale which
is awesome and then I also got him had a
big sale on All Saints I got him this
gray linen shirt which I thought was
quite nice and we are also doing
breakfast for him tomorrow morning like
I said so we went and got supplies for
well Jack's behind the counter being
like well actually I'm cooking yeah I'll
be your sous chef Jack's a really good
cook so whenever he's here he basically
like it takes over the game so yeah
that's what we're doing tomorrow morning
and I will see you in a bit so we just
got back from dinner I did an ultimate
fail and left my camera at home it was
actually quite nice but ended up leaving
my phone in the car as well and we just
had a really chilled out nice dinner and
I've had a really nice day tomorrow is
Sunday I will see you then I hope you've
all had a fantastical Saturday I'll see
you tomorrow
oMG guys it's Friday morning 6:30 and
I'm going to the gym not yay I totally
for the ride was Friday and my trainer
texted me last night being like see you
at 7:00 I was like
