oMG guys it's Friday morning 6:30 and
I'm going to the gym not yay like
totally for the guy was Friday am I
trying to texting me last night being
like see you at 7:00 I was like oh no
I'm doing it because I've had a week of
indulgence I think I need to on the plus
side I just put cucumber and mint in my
infuser bottle and it tastes great I did
it I made it in the gym and I just had a
shower which felt that really really
good after a couple of busy days I'm
actually feeling super tired I've just
made coffee I'm doing some boiled eggs
for breakfast and that is all I have to
update you on it feels good to be home
I'm actually off to London today so not
I'm feeling you know I'm back tonight so
it's all good Hey vlog since this
morning well I'm in London now I didn't
actually beautiful
so basically we're in London now I've
got a couple of meetings come for a
little day out again something on an
extended secret mission that I have been
doing the last couple of weeks
well I'm going from eating now he's
gonna come to me - mummy New York London
so that will be you go for lunch then
you can eat for me because I am starving
as well but I actually can't don't have
time for lunch I'm gonna have to get it
after meeting yes that's about it to
report today it's a beautiful day in
London
shining and you gonna go in there under
there yeah she's looking at it like I
don't want to go in there and see yes I
will report back after the other meeting
and see you later
so I just arrived for my meeting in that
office is having a bake-off and it is
probably the most perfect timing ever in
the whole world I'm going to eat
everything so we are in a cab now on our
way back to Houston on sonic emissions
and we yeah the meeting went well ate
the cheese ate the little mini banoffee
pie thing it was super super good now
we're on our way back to the station
to go home it's been a bit of a
whistle-stop tour of a day has it not
feel like we haven't stopped think reg
Kray I'm going out for dinner tonight
with a long-lost friend in the sense
that I haven't seen him for 10 years I
used to be at school with him and he
left the school I was at 16 and went to
another school quite far away and I just
never we kind of kept in touch for a bit
and then we didn't this was before
Facebook and just all before we had
Facebook I think you must earn more than
ten years ago
because he must have left from I was 15
more than 10 years 11 years ago and yeah
so we haven't actually we're kind of
vaguely kept in touch a little bit over
the years but I haven't seen him since
he left school so it's gonna be crazy
yes I think that's all I have to report
and feeling so rattled in the brain that
EDD literally had so much stuff to do
I'm really tired as well after the last
couple of days been super busy so I'm
just feeling a bit more I have to get
two videos up tonight and I have to get
a lot closer in as well so train home is
going to be sociable I feel bad for
dragging mum long she's been like
overspent on my computer all day but it
was a quite nice day wee little day out
so we're currently on our way slow down
slow down
we're currently on our way to dinner I'm
not like nervous but I'm really excited
so we haven't seen for like 10 years a
long time that makes me feel old that's
for sure this one what have you been
doing today to get a real person yeah uh
what are you doing are you eating a
pudding you cheeky monkey do you see
this pig I think you should give him
what for give him what for treacle we
just got back from dinner we actually
had a really nice time I didn't actually
vlog since I got back home because I had
a manic afternoon I got well we got back
at about half past six seven o'clock and
I had to get a couple of videos up and
just sort my life out because I haven't
really been home so I didn't vlog
because I'm just super super busy and
then we went for dinner with my old
friend I have seen in years it's
actually so nice you know when you're
like really nervous it's almost like
going on first date again feel like oh
my god what are they gonna be like
haven't seen them in 11 years but he was
really awesome and it was really fun and
Mike going with him - it's good
jolly nice chap and yeah now we're
chillin on the sofa with a cup of tea
Mike where's mine oh they don't let me
sit down I am wearing my copperfield
boob checking t-shirt for
today though yes that is what is
happening today I feel like can you turn
this down it's really loud and it's gold
surprise surprise
I feel like today has been a bit of a
crazy oh excuse me um because it's
been a bit kind of like not really
making sense because I've just been
rushing around everywhere and I'm sorry
for that hopefully smashing the better
I'm actually chilling out with Mike
tomorrow which is gonna be super super
nice do we have any ideas what we're
gonna do watch the girl for the Grand
Prix
whoa y'all do a couple E's adventure no
I don't spend time with you you big fat
meanie yeah
I'll just chill what tree : hello tricky
tricky truth hello twiki ah ha dogs nog
hello have you noticed this tree calls
feathers trickles getting long bit when
she has the big black spots on the side
these bits are getting really long so
when she walks they go like group and
the one on the other side is all
separated so it looks like fingers like
this is a left do you think someone sees
that Oh a Porsche Porsche naughty
monkeys that's gonna be able tonight
guys I'll see you tomorrow and I hope
you all have a fantastic whole weekend
and I'll see you tomorrow
and welcome to day 17 of June divorce if
you're wondering what happened last two
days
vlogs I got to the airport in Vegas sat
down in departures imported my footage
everything's going fine
