hey guys and welcome to day 17 of June
divorce if you're wondering what
happened last two days
vlogs I got to the airport in Vegas sat
down in departures imported my footage
everything's going fine shut my laptop
all imported fine I can see it there
shut my laptop got on the plane opened
it and went to edit and the footage was
gone I'm gonna try and recover it so I'm
hoping that you guys won't even see this
bit of video because oh god it's
confusing anyway because if I find it is
this isn't gonna make sense but if they
don't I'm so glad like I literally could
have thrown the laptop across the plane
and step my feet oh just these things
happen so I'm gonna try and recover the
footage like I said but if not Vegas was
awesome and I'm just I just can't like
I've had the best two days after the
last two days that you saw so if I can't
find it I'm just I can't even I like
kind of I tell you I'm so annoyed on a
plus side I'm going to ask it today I'm
in the back of my cab I have just got
changed in an airport toilet I'm in my
dress as you can tell my hair and makeup
is non-existent so we have about 40
minutes to get to a skirt and hopefully
it's going to be a transformation you
never know I'm actually meeting my
sister though which I'm really excited
about cuz we haven't been on like a
girly day out in forever
so I'm super excited to see her and my
friend Jenn who's another blogger is
gonna be there as well for that we cool
it's actually really warm in England
which I'm excited about because you know
doesn't happen often so yes time to hone
makeup let's do this this is the current
situation right now in the back of the
car
lot of makeup day so the hair makeup is
done what do you guys think I think it
looks a little bit better than before my
hair is pretty simple questions you like
the twist of the back so she really hard
in a car we have a big mirror do your
makeup so covert in your hair streaky
now I'm trying to untangle this I've
said a couple of times I wear this
necklace all the time some of my j.crew
layered one and most people are like us
and tangle really easy I'm like no it
never tangles except when you're in a
time crunch so we've arrived and I found
who's the King now we've just got to
find somewhere to put my luggage
apparently there's a cloakroom up here
it's slightly ridiculous not only do I
have luggage but I have like the world's
biggest luggage everyone's like why on
earth have you got that
we finally got in we actually we just
had the biggest plan with my suitcases
ever and I nearly burst into tears
there's this little old lady working in
the ticket office and there was a whole
thank you
and there was this whole like literally
a whole shelf of space left which was
like no we've got no space literally had
like the biggest thing ever and she was
using God the emotion we ended up
finding someone else who worked with me
hope this and actually convince her that
we could put it in oh my goodness find
you here this is what the grandson looks
like and there are some very interesting
outfits right I feel so flustered right
now nearly two it didn't take about 20
minutes of negotiation to make her take
my luggage
but yeah so we're gonna go get a drink
now and some food and then I'll be much
happier this is what's going on right
now
some kind of gods thing
JT no James used to Ellis this is the
band and they win every time I vlog the
wind comes up like messes on my head and
may or may not have stolen Hannah's hat
and swapped it for y1 I think this looks
better I think that looks better with
this dress wears a dress from under
jacket flashes so cool I think this one
also joined by Karen who has been in a
couple of blogs before like when I've
been at events and stuff yeah if you
don't follow Jess she has another really
like he can called
Monty but it's a girl Monty confusing
everybody
she's the cutest egg and cheese bread so
piglet is Jada cream Monty shaded red
not that I stopped their Instagram or
anything we're just looking through the
erase book
I've never bet on anything before at
races but there's a horse called Vander
Force which I I'm pretty sure I have to
bet on that right like come on it's Alex
number 13 I think for me it's Taylor
Swift's lucky number so and we also have
a big jug of pins which we're making our
way through exactly what you need off
your life this is the racecourse how
long it goes all the way like all the
way over there we've stopped for a
little bit of a seafood salad on the
bench what's going on actually pretty
busy is it good I hope yeah it looks
good look guys I've got my ten pounds on
to force if it wins I get 130 pounds I
know it will have already happened when
you see this but cross your fingers for
me yeah we've got a cheeky little glass
of champagne here and just went and
bought bottle oh yeah she did Cheers
thanks but all right wait here they come
guys come on
it turns out so I actually don't
well I guess the names not like me I
think that's probably me dance for those
things today I think one is you now is
spend my money on champagne instead of
horses
I think that's more of a lucky option
hello hello hello Miss Piggy she's under
my skirt what are you doing what you
doing Miss Piggy I've missed you little
one I miss you what I did I did I'm home
I didn't vlog the journey because I
hadn't put my camera in my bag and they
went in the boat so she's in trouble
you missed you can blame her for that
just got home to this one that waiting
on the table such a legend I've got a
little package on my lap a little fiery
package piggies
I love you oh this right here is what
makes me happy to be home look at this
little weasel she's so funny and squidgy
Roo is good we geez glue I love you guys
you're so cute you're so cute you're
pretty averagely cute how's your last
few days been I think somebody wants
attention
you've got burrs all up in your front
you know monkey you were key look at
this loving going on on the other sofa
so cute the cat loves squid sir oh yeah
I'm really zoomed in now by the way guys
piggies like I walked in on the action
so chill I've never seen a cat so in
love with the dogs so cute be nice Pig
oh good girl pig it's up the wood in
here and time to bed time for bed you
can tell how tired I am I'll see you
tomorrow guys I'll try not so there's
footage this time hi guys and welcome to
my first proper day in Vegas
it is a beautiful day today and I
thought it would start off the day by
doing a quick outfit for you all to show
you what I'm wearing it's pretty casual
no one else is here until tonight so
