good morning guys and welcome to my
first proper day in Vegas it is a
beautiful day today and I thought it
would start off the day by doing a quick
outfit for you all to show you what I'm
wearing it's pretty casual no one else
is here until tonight so this is what I
am wearing my Ray Ban aviators these are
the pinky purple lens ones I've shown
quite a lot in vlogs recently and then
my dress is actually from forever 21 I
love this dress so much I love the way
it fits I love the color and everything
but the buttons always pop open so I
have a safety pin here and a safety pin
here otherwise you end up the buttons
pop open to here and you're like no
trying to them up and then you've got
your boobs hanging out and everything
bad news so yeah I safety pin them my
dress is from my dress my necklace is
from Zara and so really pretty I'm going
to show you here pretty sparkly number I
actually picked this up in the airport
yesterday I joked about shopping in Zara
I did actually get this I really like it
a lot and then I just have my Chloe Dru
bag and my flip-flops which are from
Steve Madden I believe I got when I was
in LA about a year ago probably they
actually rub the back of my foot and I
will yesterday and I got really bad
blisters so I have a blister plaster on
glamorous and yeah I'm gonna go get some
breakfast now I've woken up fairly early
this morning but not as early as I
thought I ended up falling asleep about
half past eight which I know is shameful
in Vegas but I've been on a ten-hour
flight
I was super tired and I slept right
through till about midnight and I woke
up and I was like you gotta go back to
sleep so I took a natural sleeping pill
ended up sleeping until about 5:00 and
then kind of dozing till 6:00 so I feel
like that is a really good result for me
normally I'm like up at 2:00 and cannot
get back to sleep
so she's been doing editing this morning
and now I'm gonna go get some food I'm
gonna go to the buffet cuz I've heard it
is amazing and I've never been like this
when envy scrambled eggs and salsa
because good combination a biscuit
because they don't make these in England
I'm obsessed with them I know they're
bad fever what I was there's something
called a blintz which i think is like a
little mini mini pancake with stuff in
the middle a couple of sticks of french
toast with some berry compote and some
watermelon it's about half 11 now and
I've just finished filming and editing
today's video which is exporting now I
am feeling super tired so I'm gonna go
and get coffee and upload it later it's
really tricky with the time difference
because I wanted to try and get it up on
Monday like normal time which is now but
it's exporting and I'm like I'm gonna
fall asleep if I don't leave this room
so I'm gonna go and get some coffee and
do a little bit shopping and then come
back this afternoon and upload I also
just got and the schedule for the first
day which is super exciting so you have
the card and then we have all suffered
in today so the lunch and the breakfasts
are like not with everybody there just
like suggestions of where to go and then
we've got a reception at Villa won in
the Bellagio tonight and then dinner is
that yellowtail which yes is the same
place I went to yesterday however I
didn't actually know about that I
thought we were eating somewhere else
hence I went there because it's like my
favourite place that I've been to in
Vegas so I'm gonna be going there twice
in a row that is all good it's honestly
like the best sushi but yeah stupid me I
didn't realize that dude working in
Starbucks just convinced me that this
was a good idea it's a caramel ribbon
crunch Frappuccino I do not normally
drink these and I don't really get
creamed either
I have to get it you have to get the
cream so
really good hopefully this wake me up
sugar and caffeine combines always a bad
/ good combination and this is why I
want a nice coffee not a hot one it is
so hot I don't think I've ever been this
hot I think the last one for me the salt
was in Dubai it's like 40 degrees I
think pretty well almost I can't picture
you guys this trip anyway through the
glass pretty awesome
I'm going that way I feel slightly more
human again after drinking that I have
to say just walking past the Bellagio
Lake and actually the fountains aren't
on you I'm going to come back later and
watch the mission accomplished look at
it it's so awesome I also just filled
this with water because I bought it and
it's kind of
outside like 10 minutes
I was like I am going to need some moves
with the rest of my journey
I'm trying to go to
fashion show which is like the big mall
I've ended up in the forum Caesars
Palace as like a stop off which is where
I found this I'm glad I came in here
because it's just too hot to walk any
further than like 10 minutes it's photo
ha I made it to the shopping center she
took me like an hour to check it it was
pretty far I think I managed to get a
cab back but I'm just having a little
bit around the shops
enjoying my day it's nice how they kind
of well half of both working this
morning but
on my toilet I just demolished three
plates of tapas before I could vlog I
was kind of so hungry I just sat down
ordered eight it's so good we show you
where they were I had some steamed
mussels this is not what they look like
I had some yellowtail something like raw
yellowtail with wrapped around sweet
potato oh my god it was delicious and
some patron peppers were here Julian
also have a glass of white sangria
because let's face it never too early
bashing like Porter box
so just go back to my room to get ready
for tonight and the maid has been in
here I wanted to show you guys I have a
lot of products like a shameful amount
of products for three days because I
just basically threw everything in my
bag that I might possibly need and I
come back and she's arranged them all
immaculately look at this it looks I
just this must have taken it ages I feel
really bad
um / slightly ashamed of having like
5000 products for three days hello
lovely people I am now ready to go out
for the evening and I thought I would do
an outfit today to show you all what I'm
wearing for my first proper night in
Vegas and I'm actually wearing the same
dress I wore to beautycon and I honestly
have never had so many questions about a
dress so I'm going to show it to you in
this video in detail because loads and
loads and those people asked me about it
on Twitter and Instagram
it's from self portrait I got it in
Selfridges and I think it's gorgeous it
has this um like kind of crochet cut out
there and at the waist and then it's
like it's quite short actually
underneath this it's pretty short but
it's like a sheer layer that's what it
looks like and I have on my Ted Baker
shoes which are actually easy to walk in
but seriously uncomfortable off about
half an hour and my Chloe bag which I've
had on all day so that's my outfit I'm
heading off now to meet the rep from the
Aria and I think we're heading to the
Bellagio filler for drinks and then
we're going to yellowtail like I said
earlier I'm bit nervous actually because
I'm at an musical I'm bit nervous
because I don't actually know any of the
other people on this trip and I'm hoping
they're not it's like it's one of those
things whenever you do trips like this
it's always a bit nerve-wracking because
you just like never know what everyone's
gonna be like and if you're gonna get on
with everyone so yeah come along with me
and prepare yourself awkward vlogging
because I'm pretty sure there's only one
of the youtuber on this trip and he's a
gamer not a daily vlogger so I'm gonna
be the only person blogging basically
everyone else is like instagramers and
the only crazy blogger so I'm currently
in a villa in the Bellagio with the
lovely Kylie who works on the marketing
team at do you work just at the Aria why
the Bellagio sorry okay so we're
sneaking around villa number one in the
Bellagio and I want to show you this
because it's probably the most opulent
thing I've ever seen in my entire life
this is a bathroom and a shower the
toilet in here just in case you know and
then the hallway this is crazy it's like
a full house in the hotel there's
another but why is there another
bathroom anywhere ah just in case you
want separate bathrooms look at this tub
this is crazy it's like a hot tub in the
bathroom
a shit movie and then in here is a
bedroom and then you can see out here
there's like a private pool and some
people having some drinks so this is the
dining room if you fancy having any
dining parties here and then there's
another corridor this is literally
insane
apparently you can't even pay for these
Suites you have to be invited you have
to be a super special guest another
bathroom another toilet
I feel like this this Villa has more
toilets and than even then it's normal
I'm guessing this is again another
bathroom yep the lady hidden has
bathrooms again and then a double
bedroom so has two bedrooms and four
bathrooms and then there's more people
hanging outside if you guys can see
there's like a whole garden it's so cute
this is so incredible oh hang on a
minute I thought I was done but it turns
out there's a full gym at the back as
well as like a salon hair washing area
styling area
so this is a view out of the window from
dinner you could actually see the
Bellagio fountains going off earlier but
they have now stopped we run like a
giant table in and it was delicious
I just got back to my room and I'm super
tired it's actually not too late it's
like 11 o'clock
whoa focus has gone crazy there I am
um actually had a really good evening I
was Rhys care what I wasn't scared but
like I was nervous because I didn't know
anybody but everyone was super nice and
I met lots of nice people and had a
lovely dinner and now I'm gonna go to
bed and I'll see you in the morning we
have like a super long day of activities
and stuff planned tomorrow so I'll see
you then bye good morning guys and
welcome to tuned to force day 14 is
pretty early right now I'm on my way to
the airport
the voices are Scratchy because is it
well 6:46 we left emerson cod's morning
