good morning guys and welcome to tuned
to force day 14 is pretty early right
now I'm on my way to the airport my
voice is all Scratchy because is it well
646 - nemesis o'clock this morning Mike
is driving because he's the best husband
in the world basically today I'm
actually going to Vegas which is crazy
if you guys been watching the last few
days this trip has been like just
literally popped up out there and I'm so
excited about it I was basically asked
to go out to a big instameets which is
organized by beautiful destinations and
it's the dimparcio so I'm going out to
Vegas and who knows what will happen
I've got three days there and I'm taking
you guys along with me we're going to
get with careful right now which is
probably the farthest airport away from
us we could be going to Scotland but
yeah Mikey's been supporting me and
let's go
thanks for taking me to their poor
husband I'm gonna miss you are you gonna
miss me
whatever even though Gatwick sucks for
how far away it is one thing I do like
it for is that it has Lara and because
Mike drives pretty fast I'm not going to
see too fast but pretty fast
we actually got I'm here like three and
a half hours early for my flight so
maybe I should just go try on everything
in Zara maybe and is he in the air
oh yeah
so I've just arrived in Vegas after a
very long flight the actual flight
coming in was awesome the views were
amazing I have a limo picking me up this
is super exciting I wish I could share
it with somebody though it's my own
little mini limo and I'm on my way to
the Aria hotel the areas I should the
sister hotel of the Bellagio
so the trips posted might be larger but
I'm staying at the Aria I think for the
whole time so I'm super excited because
I don't think I've never did that before
I don't think it was open the last time
I came to Vegas I spent in the garage
here before but never in the Aria so I'm
really excited I'm gonna show you this
trip when we are driving down as well
although there is no sunroof so I can't
like stick around sorry like he probably
wouldn't let me do that right but yeah
literally just got to my room and I
wanted to do a room tour for you guys
before I ruin it and make it messy with
all my stuff because it is amazing I
walked in and I was like wow like the
curtains open when you open the door so
you walk in and it's like no no no and
there is a few of the strip right here
so this is my view it's actually a
little stormy today which is kind of
cool I just can't wait to get out and
explore honestly I haven't been to Vegas
in probably like four years and it is
the most fun place even though I'm on my
own the rest of the group don't get here
til tomorrow night so I actually have
like 24 hours in Vegas on my own which
is a different situation to be in
so I'm basically just gonna go and run
around the shops and the restaurants I'm
super excited
like really overexcited like a little
kids so anyway I'm gonna do a room tour
for you because it is just incredible in
here like I want to live here so you
come in and there's like a guest
bathroom hello here which you know just
in case you have guests over I probably
won't because it's just me but you know
maybe I'll make some friends and then
you have like a little kitchen area it's
a fridge and a minibar and a sink and
snacks and then this is the living room
and then I have a desk there a dining
table just in case you know get some
room service I would blame me that in
bed if I ever get room service at Windy
semper and then in here is the bedroom
which is amazing again has an awesome
view and then this lady on the TV is
telling me all about the restaurants and
then I have my luggage and stuff and
then in here is literally the bathroom
of dreams it is ginormous
this is so cool I want to hope trying to
film a video when I'm here because it's
just so beautiful look at this bar
I need have a bath tonight that could be
our mission to have a bar
sounds like a serious mission right I'm
gonna decide where to go now because I
literally this place is ginormous I need
to like work out where I am and where I
want to go and make a plan of action for
the next 24 hours I'm so excited just
come in to the shopping center that's
attached to my hotel oMG it's gorgeous
but the first thing I look for when I
come to Vegas okay everyone has been
tweeting me pictures of this Starbucks
mug two travel cups of Starbucks which
is the same color as my cars duochrome
team and I can see that they're not
gonna have it at this table that's
really small it's gonna be a mission for
this afternoon I'm so sad is it actually
like I need this cup I mean it in my
life I might even buy two if I find it
crucial in it sell them here there was
really a tiny one
the hunt continues so ahead a little bit
of a wander around and share market
actually really started hippie dinner is
the restaurant yellow tell which is
actually the Bellagio I kind of wore
from the area like through all the shots
I went to find Hollywood and then I went
palette had a wonder but it's really
really quite outside in human eye you
know when you're a bit dehydrated star
flying and I'm like whoa let's get them
dinner it waits just six o'clock so I
feel like I can do a bit of dinner a
little bit dinner and then maybe
something that nature is what I'm gonna
try and stay up quite late Friday but I
will show you a bit more makeup after
this but I just you know when you're
like really
I actually came here with mine I loved
this restaurant I came here this is what
it looks like it's pretty empty right
now this is like six boat I came with my
camera in Vegas
like that is a serious like she martini
I think this might go straight to my
head my see she's arrived and it looks
amazing I'm so hungry right now I can't
even tell you this is covering the name
of it but it's spicy it's like a spicy
yellowtail Rob I think I have a roll
half a roll that's it oh I also ordered
some rock shrimp which is super yummy
I'm gonna eat the rest of it now I am so
hungry I'm walking along with travelator
right now huh it's quite tricky a honey
bear came outside and it's still light
still really really hot
so we just got back to my room and what
does it say as well really awesome me
I've bumped into about five subscribers
already in Vegas some reason it's like
beauty place to be I don't know just
lots of people have stopped me and said
hello which is awesome because I love it
look how beautiful it looks I am gonna
end the vlog here because I feel like
today's probably been quite long already
and I'm exhausted so I feel like I'm
just not very entertaining person to
watch when I'm really really tired and
Jen high but I will see you tomorrow for
the first like proper day of my trip
which is really exciting
I literally feel like a zombie so I'm
gonna leave it at that
and I'll see you tomorrow I'm in Vegas
oMG I love you guys he's my boy morning
guys welcome to Saturday today we're on
the road it's seven sixteen and morning
someone here it's not very impressed I'm
speaking at the Cosmopolitan summer
party today so we're heading Nansemond
