morning guys welcome to Saturday today
we're on the road at 7:16 and morning
someone here it's not very impressed I'm
speaking at the Cosmopolitan summer
party today so we're heading down to
London we also have to continue the
secret mission from the other day I
can't tell you what it is yet what I can
tell you is what I was talking about
last night because it got confirmed the
flights got booked
I'm going to Vegas baby Mike's not
impressed very impressive what I've got
to do tomorrow morning as well
my kids take me to the airport you're
the best husband in the world I do
appreciate so yes today we're going to
London on a secret little mission and
then we are going to Cosmo party you
actually gonna come to that you're gonna
come back early I won't need to come
Mike's like well I think I need to get
back and relieve your mom of the doll
because she's got many children many
dogs plus no adults I think so we will
see we will see what houses but we are
off the rain is coming down which is not
good for the hair situation and I'm so
worried about her think why it's easy
being a guy don't have to wear makeup
definitely hair we don't have to do that
here girl you know I think just felt
like you know obligation that's a little
obligation however if you're getting on
stage and people don't want to look my
best you know
hard it's hard work whereas you just
look fabulous without anything
complicated how you doing Mike on the
trainee coping
and she ended up getting first-class
tickets but Ennis
if you put motor parts are actually
really cheap so you know we get a plug
which is always useful and a Danish
pastry cup of tea right not the surprise
our wobbly trains they're like oh yes
like when was the last time you went on
a train for this kind of like month or
two I'd say about continued that's how
much deeper editing on the train Mike's
watching golf
I'm watching my lesson from the other
day my 20 nothing you actually oh my god
it's getting to new levels guys it's
getting to get a video of your golf
lesson was so I can wait let me see this
member and he's rewatching himself
please tell me what he said to you and
says this is what you fail man you're
gonna extreme I've forgotten how much of
a dream it is coming in to London on the
weekend
normally I'm here like rush hour I can
walk around freely look at him go he's
on the tube can you even believe it
well hello there miss grooving away how
is your secret mission going see fit Wow
I see that you've purchased herself of
coconut water
that's crazy the secret mission is now
over Mike's actually gone home but I've
just arrived at the Cosmo summer party
there's no one in here yet this is like
a sneak preview I'm actually doing a
couple of q and A's on stage today
that's the stage bit scare everyone
there's no one sitting here probably
more scary when there are people sitting
here then there's like a hair station
there and I think in here there is some
other exciting stuff it's basically like
posted by Cosmo but they have those of
different like hair and fashion and
beauty stuff going on I think they have
like cocktails yeah and here is the
schedule on the wall or not on the wall
it's not like an artist thing look tada
haha that's me what a geek I'm there as
well so talking about some of you tea
first and then blogging and books
afterwards so I'm not actually sometimes
people always say like do you get really
nervous and there's no thing and I'm
like you know what I don't to be honest
really because when I'm talking about
blogging it's like I love it and they
know it so if I was talking about
something scary like you used to at
school when you would be you know do a
presentation at school I'd be like yeah
but yeah I don't get too nervous yeah so
this is the other room where everyone
comes in and there's a bar there's like
a tanning area some seats soft and
gentle something there's some underwear
some flip-flops and another bar so yeah
it's actually a really cool venue it
feels like a big wedding marquee
so yeah I'm gonna go back back back back
stage now and reach out my way
constructors it's been a bit of a like
hectic morning so I'm literally feel it
in my hip whole face is sliding off and
yes I will report that in short while or
you'll probably just see me next on
stage doing like a little see a little
snippet of it which is so awkward and I
always I never know how to sit either
what I'm doing especially cuz I think
they're big armchairs there's never a
flattering way to sit in a big armchair
or on a high stool you have to be like
you have to kind of perch and like cross
your legs and be like really ladylike
and I'm just terrible at that I have the
worst posture in the world no this is
really amateur but I'm just backstage at
the Cosmo party and I saw this sign and
it really made me laugh say were just
walking down the street and going to get
some dinner
when this wheels down the road
has anyone ever seen any landfill I am
not entirely sure it's basically it's a
quarter pedi bus it says on the side you
cycle your way around London with your
friends which is generally more sociable
than just bike right and I guess you
could maybe have like dinner on it
imagine having dinner on that brilliant
this is the sneaky backstage area and
that's my mom so I'm interested to know
shoot success online what what is the
imperative of them publishing imprint I
think it varies for different people I
can't speak for everybody but for me
personally I was just really excited to
be doing a new project something
different in a different format because
I've been doing my blog YouTube in 86
years kind of a new challenge for me
more than anything else is like wow this
is amazing Trinity so I'm in Zig car I
just block the train because I just like
tides gonna take my long day is hot last
night now Mike picked me up and I'm
feeling Mike may have stopped off for a
little unhealthy dinner because this is
in the car and it is vanilla milkshake I
can't confirm that you snooze you lose
whilst you're driving I will steal your
milkshake that was your offer my
afternoon was good thanks how was yours
I basically have sat at home slept I'm
shattered
Saturday I'm going down then kills it
can't deal with it today so yeah I'm
going home now with Mike obviously we
have to pack for Las Vegas can you
believe it I can't quite believe it it's
slightly surreal
it's 9:30 we leaving a six in the
morning to go to the airport
so I'm gonna go reconsider I better get
cracking with the packing it's Friday
morning so I'm off to the gym the first
time I've been in like ten days and I'm
hoping my back is good it's super sunny
again today I think it's gonna be a good
day workout mission accomplished and
focus on my face
