it's Friday morning so I'm off to the
gym the first time I've been in like ten
days and I'm hoping my back is good it's
super sunny again today I think it's
gonna be a good day workout mission
accomplished and focus on my face there
we go
I'm going no makeup face all right and
my back didn't hurt which is awesome now
I'm trying to find something to eat
there's actually you're getting here and
it says it went off three days ago major
in that way maybe cook some eggs I also
have some raspberries too I might eat
this I managed to find a yogurt that
wasn't gone off the dogs walking because
my mom's just got here with Spike and
Luca but it's the fat-free Greek yogurt
is delightful so I just threw together a
super quick lunge which actually doesn't
look too appealing it's quinoa with
sun-dried tomatoes and feta and
peri-peri it's like a spicy version of
the one I made the other night I just
actually I haven't managed to have a
shower yet it's lunchtime and I have
just been hectic editing this morning
and I've just found out something really
really exciting and I have a cool in a
minute I don't know if it's gonna happen
on our I'm not going to tell you what it
is because I feel like I drink sit if I
get too excited about things they get
canceled this is my theory so I'm not
going to tell you yet but if it happens
it's gonna be awesome and it's gonna be
like in a couple of days time Treecko is
also snoring so I'm currently in a car
on my way to Download Festival to see my
brother play which is kind of exciting
while it's super exciting apart from the
fact that it has been chucking it
with rain all afternoon therefore I
think it might be an interesting
environment for a festival we will see I
think that actually playing in a tent
which could probably work in their favor
if it jogs down with rain then everyone
goes either to and see the play which
would be awesome so Mike's driving up
front there the areas as hand maps here
as well and my dad is here too and so
yeah I'm the only girl in the group and
we all like dressed in black grunting it
up to go to a rock festival because you
know otherwise I stand out like a sore
thumb because we're not mad rockers like
Mike say did you bring your tweet
I didn't bring my tweet or maybe what
about it what about your pink jump my
fluorescent pink jump suit it's not
Britney Spears I love you teacher it's
like five o'clock six o'clock is it look
at this miserable weather it was so
sunny earlier rubbish so we've arrived
the weather is still pretty miserable
and we're trying to find the guys to get
our passes which is proving a fair walk
let's just put it that way but yeah
let's hope the rain stops
everyone was asking like what I was
saying that it was so clean
Englishmen like this this is what is
light right now this is English festival
this is what it's impossible but yeah
just in general like like the beginning
two boys are going on an adventure in
the gift area apparently this bike might
wants to look at it so this is the
cherry gas bit and I actually now have
an umbrella route Mike packed umbrella
this is how organized he is a woman
who's the woman in the relationship
right there well you know you Mike's got
a half oh they got a mini mini pieces or
mini stage it's gonna check that out but
we're looking at we were food trucks
which actually looks pretty good
no I don't think that I think may open
in the morning funnily enough copper
Ito's pulled pork cocktails
Rupert Street senators
Pizza lotsa stuff and can you see how
many people aren't wearing black it's a
lot fun to not many including us to be
there
wait Matt's got blue jeans on whoa whoa
whoa slow down we may have made a little
visit to the Copts me and Matt Matt's
trunk is ready and he's now in line for
a pizza
this is appropriately named a pornstar
cuz you know how I roll
if they're hope it's a super captain
always fighting what are all inaudible
oops alarm every cancer cancer yeah
love despite your knowledge I do we
start for a pizza on the way he's let no
yelling no pizza and it's got olives on
it my go to them something like olive so
I've got all Rebellion's on my side yeah
brain
woke up to the ice-cream van and Brian
ice cream this is the weather right now
it's cold it's miserable and it's
raining from ah still one ice cream
I don't know if you guys can see this
but this is what you don't normally see
at my store these are all people that
come to clean up all that rubbish there
everybody throws on the floor poor
that's not a fun in a dark in the rain
oh so mean I just fell asleep in the car
so my eyeballs are all there um little
piggy was mm-hmm excited to see us dogs
nog yeah I'll see you tomorrow
for an exciting Saturday and an exciting
announcement I'm still but we're gonna
tell you what the secret is yet because
just in case it doesn't happen but I'll
know tomorrow nice thank you for the
kisses seriously bye bye everybody
oh here we go morning guys welcome to
the 11th of June today I'm heading to
London it's actually pretty early right
now it is 10 plus 7 I was mentally like
5 minutes ago so I'm a little bit late
I'm going to a shoot in London today
which i think is
