good morning guys welcome to the 11th of
June today I'm heading to London
especially pretty early right now it is
10 power 7 I was mentally like five
minutes ago so I'm a little bit late I'm
going to a shoot in London today which i
think is secret so I can't tell you yet
but I may be able to tell you when I get
there it's for a charity and I'm really
really excited about it so yes I better
go because I'm late so I have arrived at
the shoot in London and I can tell you
who it's with but I can't tell you what
I'm doing it's a top secret mission with
copper feel if you don't know about
Caulfield is an awesome boob checking
charity and go and Google them if you
don't know about them anyway
I am sitting here getting my makeup done
by the lovely Lindsey and the best thing
about getting your makeup done with
somebody else if you're a beauty blogger
is looking at all of the makeup that
they're using on you I also have this
vise coffee as well as that's not there
yeah and I'm just like oh boy I like
that I like my cookies checking
everything out the hint as to what we're
doing
giant squidgy weird boobs that you strap
to yourselves and we're taking some
photos of me jumping in the air looking
like an idiot but maybe you can guess
what we're doing out of it it's whilst
this is midst photo taking right now I'm
actually pretending to be vlogging while
so actually I'm vlogging crazy crazy
stuff I've just met the shoot I have
hair on my face because it has been so
so windy outside but I've just dumped in
my cab or I waste my meeting and the
coolest thing happened so my taxi pulls
up raised in the front there
he said don't only film the back of his
head and there's a little face pops up
at the window hello it's little puppy
chica comes in the cab with him every
day and she's in the back with me just
having a ride this is the coolest cab
I've ever been in it comes with a coffee
honestly the coolest thing look she's
trying to cheer my finger that's naughty
you will know T so adorable yeah it's
also a beautiful day in London today
it's seriously windy but so sunny and
what can I say life is good right now I
have a little puppy
piglet would be so jealous Hey hi
yeah it's a little bit later now and I
have been rushing around like headless
chicken I have to say today has been
pretty manic but good the sun is shining
it's such a beautiful day and I'm
currently on a secret mission in West
London
I realized today has been ultra
secretive I promise tomorrow will be
less secretive yeah exciting things
happening right now oh my god so I just
ran to the station light off the tube
super thing I was like right on time
like 1 minutes ago ready for the train
walk in and it's like 10 minutes of aid
the most frustrating thing in the world
I was like so anyway I managed to get
one of these from prep before I go home
sparkling cucumber seltzer seriously the
best thing ever when you are hot and
bothered like I was just then I'm
debating as well where they pick up some
sushi for dinner I keep trying to call
Mike and he is not referring Grisham
super frustrating he's not picking up
space ferment we go to the cinema
tonight see Jurassic world which I was
really excited about and had no one else
to go so I was like Mike
I'm here
two more minutes look who I found
someone is eating their dinner
and it was actually really scary
exactly so good you liked so we've just
got home from seeing two Rasik world and
to reiterate what we said at the cinema
kapre I'm injured I'm interrupting
that's why I was looking for your work
it was amazing it was epic it was
actually scary though like I said the
original drastic horoscope area there
was some like cray-cray right killing
stuff the Raptors were cool in this and
Chris Pratt is like my hero now he's
cool
he's really good and he drives a very
nice smooth ER bike he does
you've got the same motorbike his mind
your eyes you get mega bike
yeah I would definitely recommend if
you're thinking about going to see
drastic well this weekend we thoroughly
enjoyed it just had some really cheesy
moments in it but it was good it was fun
and it was very entertaining to watch
and I'd be on I went with you because it
was that's it for today I'm happy to be
home I'm gonna sleep well tonight I've
got the gym personing in the morning
my back is feeling up to it so hopefully
be gentle after me being like last week
I'm like back in the gym I then got back
back and then haven't been in the gym
since so well it's better than me I've
been like nine months out of the gym
pretty much well that's because he break
you're made of glass yeah that's it was
they will see you all tomorrow so well
morning guys welcome to my Wednesday
today Mike has gone up early because Sam
stayed over last night and is cooking
thanks duck eggs we've overdone the
boiled duck eggs what else have we got
he's done fried
