good morning guys I found one on Mike's
iPhone because my camera just ran out
back T because I'm really organized when
I'm jet-lagged it's a thing so today we
are off we have many so we had the
windows and is the engine is so noisy
we're in the naughty bar and we have
many errands to do the dogs are whether
you're just first thing we're doing is
taking them for a haircut we forward the
fan because lightning to pick up some
patterns you today we're going on the
house that's been picked up and we're
now on the way to drop the truck back
off take the dogs for a haircut go to
the gym for powerful training session
and then go and pick the dogs up and
then and then come back then and then
Friday no and then and then what we've
got to go pick up some dog food ah I
think I've got food as well sit up
Saturday what else and then we're done
and then and then we're gonna bake then
I will refill my video and I filmed
yesterday because I saw them the whole
thing and I had a big fat part in the
cave oh my goodness what a rookie error
on you Lucy let's go boys so we've done
a car swap and we're now back in the
mini Mike's driving on bobbling and on
our way to personal training session we
actually also just stopped at my
brother's place for a coffee because it
was on the way past and I feel a lot
better than I kind of coffee time to
some ass oh you got anywhere there is a
plane oh you got my mind you I heard
you'll be like okay any mood I think I'm
gonna complain but I might be not so
happy about it
because really really we've gotta start
pushing you now so
particular training and how to actually
start up like to commit and also I think
you should push them online because on
Sunday I want to take this on with me
program with the dog and my sister and I
said oh my god no but you're possessed
so we're not going we're not going to do
this she set it on the blender in a
moment yes I shall be running like the
other what X minute miles as opposed to
fight with him I'm not going to prepare
so whilst the dogs have gone to a trim
we are cooking up something on supplies
supplies for the rascals new toys look
at this one it's like piglet should love
it I really want to bring squidge into a
toy shops and like show her the build
section because she was only she would
go actually not do we go for a new one
bitch you really quit today these ones
yeah you want the ones with polka major
we made for me I don't want to finding
these bigger ones and pinky though do
you need anything you can you Jack what
if I'm making just so rude
especially Sehun happening thing and
they spelled my name right for the first
hour I also just realized that I'm
feeling very colorful today check out my
gym leggings and my nails loving it
these are some spicy Betsy in case
you're wondering I love them I'm
obsessed with them I wore them you
follow me on instagram is picture me
wearing them in LA and they're so
flattering because they have a display
panel outside they make your legs look
skinnier fantastic and then this color
is amazing one which I put on your
favorite chips for anybody love the
color and we can and like it's got the
weird shorty making me show you that
have a neon thing like lining underneath
lovely and discuss next to Starbuck
there is this shop called nature's
purist and my friend who's having a baby
of coming over today and I missed her
baby shower when I was away in Japan so
I bought her a couple of things for her
little baby she's having another baby
boy and I was questioning whether this
is unisex or not but apparently is this
is little baby gray with these elephants
on it help maybe
even if ISM and then I got her three
like I said it's real sex three yeah
three Muslims so there's two with the
elephants on them one plane but they
have like the stitching with the heart
really cute morning they come in new
students box or something huh they
basically like no teacher song you know
I'm as in this don't know what maybe I
basically like teach help yeah but you
put them over your shoulder when you are
burping your baby and then they pick on
them facing be nice I need to know you
use enough of everything like you know I
was I was at a friend's house the other
day and they had a baby and it got very
excited the kind of spammy intriguing so
I was feeding you cake and they were
getting concerned that the amount of
cake understating it was like all
silence all things you're not supposed
to eat them cake women is I'll okay
wasn't outlawed maybe because all the
room is a year off but yeah and they
were just complaining you know Mike I
never like it's gonna form it's gonna
fall right now I give it okay you love
it and that was a fantastic story Mike
thanks for sharing that
so the girl that works in the baby shop
recognized me from YouTube I was like
this is the worst time ever the worst
time ever I was like your friend Jim
look terrible so tired as well in
between the gym and here I fell asleep
in the Carlos might except to the petrol
station who's like this against the
window it's like catching fliers are you
on another note guide just tried the new
salted toffee macadamia la San Starbucks
not very impressed by it sounds amazing
and tastes nice but not like salted
toffee macadamia or gonna lie why is
you're having a coffee time you just
have a coffee
it tastes nice you're getting coffee the
you know to have it taste nicer Mike you
just don't send to school they look at
the mouth dog food in the bag we've now
got to go and get the dogs and they've
got to sit in the back so chances are
they're going to try and break it
precious cargo on board
you can't happen again rimless Edwin
this little one not very impressive what
sunshine and palm trees on my socks sad
time look at you miss smarty pants nice
haircut you got going on there little
one
look at these guys they all look so
smart yeah chica we show everybody sit
oh good girl
you guys look beautiful they're also
exceptionally soft and fluffy and you
time actually sat in the spare room
right now I just finished editing when
you whole video that I had to refill and
it's going up which I'm happy about just
a couple of hours late normally I upload
at 5:00 and it's now seven I think it
will be off at about quarter past seven
which is annoying but at least I got it
up and I'm also editing my vlogs because
I'm really behind on my vlogs and the
one when I come back from Coachella is
like a three day one so onwards and
upwards I have about 20 minutes before I
need to leave because it's Libby for you
guys during yesterday's vlog my friend
Lily's birthday saying we're going out
to dinner so I need to leave and I need
to finish it so we are on our way to the
pub for Libby's birthday dinner we're
not gonna vlog into this with all her
family but what we'll tell you on our
way so i vlog my outfit from sitting
down my favorite way to look my green
also jacket on my were imagining things
like I'm a terrible driver care of all
you do is have agree is terrible only
what would actually draw a profit this
sure trail how cool is this little
detail a bit on the large side quality
fitting
my and marsh leather leggings and my
Valentino bag my school say happy booth
I still haven't managed to get this
white stuff off but hopefully you will
and then this is the best movie I love
this bag by the way it came from home
sentence anyone's wondering so I'm not
going to lie I am so full right now
noise I feel like a stuffed Christmas
turkey I'm perfect but on the plus side
I did have a really delicious goat
cheese burger which I know Mike thinks
is lame but it was so good though our
motivation chips was the like I'm like a
train rolls solid what what what what is
going on it April it's freezing cold
like 12 degrees so pretty cool I think
it's cold
um I'm gonna go to I'm not gonna get
about a minute like you are it is
identical I've also yes I've also got to
pack tomorrow tonight because I'm
leaving I think what areas are like 824
a mornings I don't know she said where
we're going I'm going to London tomorrow
but it's called move like careers event
I'm talking at that in the morning and
then I'm going up to York in the
afternoon to see listening to her
birthday and Mike is driving our to York
so that's what's happening and I need to
pack and that could be a Thursday and
I'm not I'm waffling so I'll see you in
the morning
