morning guys welcome to my Wednesday
today mike has got up early because Sam
stayed over last night and is cooking
thanks duck eggs we've overdone the
boiled duck eggs what else have we got
he's done fried Cheshire potatoes these
are the leftovers from last night that
we didn't cook they actually looked
really good that's a naughty breakfast
edition and he's got toast I have to say
I think he also might have some bacon in
here because I can smell it
there's the bacon nice work mr. chef sir
so this morning me and Sam here have
been working really really hard well
actually I've been taking pictures to my
blog sounds been organizing a stack -
okay Mike might come back for lunch yeah
that's what I call a good husband
nicely trained I haven't blogged much
today because I have been taking
pictures for my blog and editing pretty
much all day and hanging with sound the
sound left now
Mike's phone is ringing so after that
very rude interruption from MDF on the
phone yes can you tell the time is right
now not that one because that was wrong
that one actually stops that's stopped a
long time ago so anyway one thing there
has been annoying me this afternoon
what you doing away one thing that has
been really annoying me this afternoon
apart from him is piglet has been
barking non-ethnic stop so if you guys
know a solution to dog barking or let me
call ya electric shock just straight-up
assassination may behold pinky who's
pickin taboos you are so naughty you're
so noisy and naughty but you're damn
cute though dog you're damn cute it's a
good job otherwise it'd become you as
soon as she hears piglet barking she
starts barking - on your dog chair and
you and your dog perf which needs
throwing away we need to buy new one of
these kids so dirty cuz you're such a
stinky beast she looks really fat from
this angle so yes that's what's been
happening today and I think we're going
out for dinner this evening as well
which should be delightful again we're
going up there with the neighbors who
are not particularly vlog friendly I
don't know I just I say that they're
probably they definitely would be but I
know but I feel awkward longing in front
of them that's the problem I don't know
what's going on the folks on my camera
tree and I mean okay
I feel out of place like blogging in
front of people a lot of time and I
definitely do it I've got vlog phobia so
I probably wake me up to blog too much
however that means today it's gonna be
like super boring what can we do to make
it exciting no we keep doing all about
your okay name me your favorite song
my favorite song yeah James Bay all of
his album that's my favorite album fair
enough what other favorite songs and
music we talked about yesterday now you
so many good and I like your brother's
new song mountains yeah I like all of
that album it's good even though we were
to sneak out album preview else
okay what's your okay because we didn't
see tomorrow if you make it back in time
although I did really like a bad line if
you guys haven't seen that that's really
really really really really really good
it's not because I also like what's his
name Chris Pratt
yeah really like okay babe you help me
camera my arms hurting goodness sake
okay okay favorite TV show the moment I
actually I'm not currently what comedy
show oh man
oh I'm not currently watching a TV show
because I am I haven't had a Netflix
binge in a while however I just
remembered there will be new episodes of
the return remake on Netflix which was a
French series I believe I was playing
about at my vlogs before I watched the
last one a couple of weeks ago so they
should be like which I has a bit crazy
I'm going on already watching TV shows
of like hopefully I would have a TV at
all no I would say go okay next question
is question time question time next
question you can think of one as well
doesn't just have to be me
what is your favorite pair of socks
right now my pink ones
mine are some that I got in forever 21
in Glasgow they've got Kiwis on them and
they've got pink toes with Kiwis
fair enough okay what is your favorite
time of day at the moment
evening when I finished working and then
I can chill the eff out I would say
suppertime is my favorite done anytime
day where I ate food stacking pretty
much and last one final question when
are you going to clean your car never
guess you always clean it well it is not
King that is filthy
clearly got a sponge out you
need to give the dump I used to keep my
car when I was 17 I first started
driving and then when I got to my clean
it's like first year then I went away
for three months traveling and my dad
sold it we put it on sale and we left
thinking I was selling so two months for
two weeks before I got back was like
there was no point in selling it I don't
find that one racist about that's also a
good point in selling it
well yeah but then I didn't have a car I
meant to buy my mom sucks to be you so
yeah then I washed that car and then
after that I was going happy when I had
another car and then you've just always
getting weaker
okay last wish I have a clean the car in
like six years lost the last question
and I'm gonna clean your car when you
gonna clean the house
as I thought okay yeah
and here's something exciting for you
guys to see we have a new fence going
from our house to our neighbors and it
looks like this and this whole bit up
here
that was basically just like a muck heat
before which is where Pig like hang out
and bark she barks at the game they
can't get she can't get through so the
condom and she keeps coming back here
cuz it's all mud and digging and then
coming back with muddy paws he's a
naughty dog wait you guys digging -
she's like me I want to be in on the
action one no digging no piggy in the
long grass is so hilarious she has to
bounce like a little bunny rabbit so we
just got back from the wall and there's
been a change of plan we are no longer
going after dinner with our neighbors
because she's here prego and I think she
is she's having a Bubba yeah anyway I
need it any day now having a bother I
think in like 2 weeks is no easy yes
good she could pop well hopefully not
pop in it yeah so it said we're getting
a Chinese and we're going to my parents
house and that is that I don't know what
have what are you gonna have well your
mum's just saw that pretty much what I
was gonna happen which is pushy should
it be coupon curry and you can tell me
off the house came out with crispy
should it be charming
they're crispy shredder breathers good
but you know I just noticed I'm not
gonna order it but baked fresh lobster
interesting from the Chinese not sure
how come it yeah say what a lot of you
been asking over the past few days if
mike has got a new car and I have to say
I don't normally talk about cars on my
channel because I feel like sometimes
it's just a bit awkward and to be honest
I just generally get a bit embarrassed
of it and kind of I don't know it's just
a bit awkward because let's face it it's
not very cool this is Mike's car
yeah you are stupid we covered in our
favorite play with me really yeah why
not you don't have to do but you have to
film it one second object is my arms not
very long it's actually really creasing
my told me I wasn't allowed to wear and
then it should bind it so what did I do
I wore it creased of course you suck I
love it actually I have to say that
sleeves are a bit of a mess I'm a bit of
a mess today
and then I've got on my two necklaces
from made well close up Oh
put it up put up and my nail polish is
actually the Olivia Palermo Sunday's
color by CRT which I really like I
painted them today I think it looks
really girly and ladylike and then my
jeans on my Zara ones typically and my
shoes the ones that I got given the
other day from the Birchbox French soil
collaboration they're so beautiful I
love them and I'm not taking a bag or
jacket because it's warm and we're going
to my mom's house and don't need
anything from my bag fair enough today
let's go and get some Chinese let's face
it will be rude not to eat the prawn
crackers in the car on the way I think I
actually managed to get quite a healthy
looking Chinese this is stir-fried
scallops the spring onions and ginger it
smells really good as well
Mike failed on the healthy front and got
a chicken chow mein and crispy try to
bring I have to say I'm gonna steal so
this because this is the best crispy
shredded beef in town so I am running a
bath right now with my Fuji green tea
party which I need a blog post honest if
you guys haven't seen it but it's so
good it smells like green tea and you
put it in this little strainer thing
here and there's basically bath salts
mixed with green tea
then you put it in your Barb's not in my
pocket so the basket in me like it
smells amazing and yeah I love this
stuff
I'm heading to bed now so I wanted to
just switch my camera on and say good
night and I'm gonna take my makeup off
and get into bed because I'm super tired
and I have a very early start from I
have a very exciting day
so yeah I'll tell you about that
tomorrow but I will see them I hope you
all had a lovely day bye guys
I don't know why I'm whispering because
Mike's downstairs awake bye guys morning
guys welcome to Wednesday the 9th of
June today I have been running around
like crazy trying to get stuff sorted
pilling when we filming today and then
I've got a lot of editing to do and I'm
running out of time it's already like
off was ten I've been doing
