good morning guys welcome to Wednesday
the 9th of June today I have been
running around like crazy trying to get
stuff sorted Pilon when we filming today
and then I've got a lot of editing to do
and I'm running out of time it's really
about hoppers 10 I've been doing loads
of like emails and just you know when
you try and do something and then every
other thing that could possibly come up
comes up it's been one of those days so
I'm finally getting around to putting
some eggs for breakfast although this
one is cracked not happy about that so I
was just sitting down to film when
Mike's dad comes along and is then you
guys are having a little of this chat
but like Mike is really overexcited
because his dad came with a bag of
potatoes 2news not just any potatoes the
cheshire Mikey Mike was originally from
Cheshire and in Cheshire apparently they
have better potatoes than they do down
here
good he gets very overexcited about
Cheshire potato you're gonna be having
Chester taters taste justice a Reuben
we're doing what are we gonna cook
tonight I don't know didn't go BBQ or
anything warm enough I'm doing indoor
barbecue so we can cook outside on the
outdoor grill yes we could do that I
could do like they're like I think
there's eight or nine of us for dinner
tonight eight I think is that to be fair
when you say we're cooking I work to do
what your golf lesson yeah Oh 6:30 so
you leaving I better get going with the
filming then I'll see Dale a delayed me
for an hour
chop chop get going so we're currently
or about to be on our way Mike's just
starting up a car two less super mushy
because we need to get food for tonight
basically ages for just life because
it's currently three o'clock we've both
had breakfast a little while ago well we
actually have no other food in the house
whatsoever so we are famished basically
and we're gonna do what should never be
done
and go shopping for food when you're
hungry like honestly already it she
knows that should never be done it
should be illegal basically so that's
what's happening it should be because
you end up buying so much stuff that you
don't actually need just because younger
like I want to eat everything I'm so
often supermarket we're also cooking
tonight and we've devised a menu for
this evening because I'm gonna have to
cook so I get to dictate normally my
cooks and this kind of situations a lot
of the time and he's like I want this I
won't eat that so we're doing two of the
recipes I actually did in my recent
rescue video on my main channel which is
that couscous vegetables which is
couscous and vegetables and the
courgette salads I'm going to do those
two then I'm going to do chicken breasts
wrapped in prosciutto with garlic cream
cheese delicious and we're going to do
buttered New Jersey potatoes for Mike
especially and then we're gonna have
strawberries and cream or actually
strawberries and raspberries and ice
cream because it's a really good combo
so yes also I wanted to mention also I
wanted to mention that I've done a
documentary series of channel 4 which is
super exciting and actually tweeted
about it but some of you might not
follow me all may have missed it however
it's called internet-famous
I don't know how I feel about the name
and I don't know how I feel about that
phrase in general but I told more about
that in the documentary it's only a 4
minute short and there's a few other
youtubers that have done it as well
Becky my friend Robin and Helen as well
and then a couple of the guys who might
have actually met but a really nice
group of youtubers and yeah it would
mean the world if you went and checked
it out and it's also kind of an insight
into the other side of my world so like
behind the camera that you see I know
you see a lot of my world at the moment
but it's weird because it's like the
side that I don't film even though you
pretty much see all my life anyway
anyway you get one took them out so I'll
put a link to that in the info bar below
I'm pretty sure it's just channel 4 UK
forward slash
internet-famous and if some of you are
across the pond or across any kind of
pond not in England basically and you
had trouble watching it before they've
actually taken off the geo-tagging thing
now so you can watch it wherever you are
let's go to supermarket got the lemons
along with a lot of fruit and veg I'm
feeling particularly healthy today and
like that's why it might be that in
bacon let's go get some what your for
lunch
I'm so hungry I might actually eat all
the way around this one of Mike's pet
peeves people open stuff
whilst they go around somebody and
they've given them people not five you
can manage for 10 minutes yummy yummy
yummy I got love in my tummy that's
naughty it's not the use of an addition
don't tell Mike I want it I want it
leave it I just found something I think
Mike that's gotta be good though right
seriously who MDF what have you got
there
quilted tortured you should never scrimp
on toilet
I always might get so angry I've got a
weird selection of snacks this stuff I
haven't had in ages I'm just gonna have
a little nibble on everything
it's so good sour mango dried sour mango
I've got my favorite red grapes and a
little tap ask raising selection so I
can snack in the card Mike has to wait
till we get home the cooking mission has
begun these are all the ingredients
Sam's currently washing his hands oh hi
we haven't seen you yet already today
only like every other day this week
slacker so yes we are cooking Mike's
gone for golf lessons so by the time he
gets back we're gonna have done this
mission accomplished very feeling
slightly slightly pleasing myself
nice work sorry this is my final plate
oh yeah hey guys it's a little bit later
now I wanted to turn on my camera before
I go to bed and she had to you guys
about something that happened tonight
which I wasn't expecting it came like
totally out of the blue and I was
debating whether or not to talk about
this in a video because I feel like it's
a personal thing not for me but for
somebody else so I'm gonna make it kind
of brief and vague because I know I will
get asked a lot about it
yes it's about Ingrid my friend Ingrid
who's also youtuber who actually came
out in a video tonight and I have to say
I'm so happy for her
I am proud of her the video was really
emotional and yeah I'm just I'm really
really proud of her and thought she the
video was perfect she just conveyed her
feelings so well and it was moving and I
just I'm so happy for her I don't know
if she'll watch the ship she might not
so I just wanted you guys to know that I
am super super proud of her and I
support her all the way and I'm really
happy for her and I know yeah I knew if
I didn't talk about this in a video I
would get asked about it and I didn't
want you guys to think that that meant
that I hadn't seen it and wasn't
supportive of her or moved by it in any
way because i 100% am and yeah happy
times anyway that's it for tonight guys
I'll see you in the morning bye good
morning everyone welcome to Monday today
is the night today right know this 8
yeah who knows pretty sure it's the 8th
today I'm sitting outside for a morning
cup of tea with my mom
