good morning everyone welcome to Monday
today is the night today right know this
eight who knows pretty sure it's the
eighth today I'm sitting outside for a
morning cup of tea with my mum
tada it's super sunny again I'm loving
this weather I've got my laptop out here
because I'm editing some pictures for my
blog I thought I'm just gonna have a
nice relaxing morning out in the
sunshine working which I think will be
rather delightful got my tea I'm not
sure what Mouse's dogs in the pool what
are you doing there
she's like busted with a pinecone Oh No
yeah I think it's treacle it will
probably be treacle here's treacle too
many dogs we've got my sister's dogs
mum's dog and then our three dogs she's
there she's there over there with
Charlie look at these two best buddies
having a play fight actually shadows
just dominating at the moment they love
each other it's so cute
shadow so I'm just heading off to see my
friend Kelly who is actually at home at
the moment because she's dislocated her
knee ouchie
so I'm gonna go see her before she has
to go back she lives a bit further south
from where we live so she's heading back
to get her new tested I think and see
Ashley like how bad it is and stuff so
we're gonna see her before that because
she is in pain at home I thought we're
doing half of the day for a leave really
quickly which is it's not too exciting
today it's just a casual day at home but
I have my zara leather jacket my j.crew
necklace my Ray Ban aviators these are
the new ones that I'm not entirely sure
of like the number but they're basically
they're like classic aviators but with
the kind of vintage gold metal if it
will focus with the pinky red reflective
lenses which I really like and then I
have on this grey t-shirt which is from
j.crew it's actually has really pretty
details on the shoulder if you guys can
see and I have my bag
have the two doggies and then my
sardines and Zara I Ceylonese clean the
mirror bizarro flats which are a little
bit worse for wear but I love these I
bought them last spring I think that
weren't my favorite flats are so
comfortable yeah so that is my outfit
for today I'm gonna get you guys a two
before I go because otherwise you are
going to destroy the house see if there
we good girls are you ready
what's achoo sit sit
good girls quick up see it good girls
sit piggy-wig sit pigs not so good she
hasn't quite mastered the sitting yet
sit sit what's his sit good girl pig you
don't want it I'll leave it on the floor
for you then so if you do want it you
can take it up
where is treacle tricky tricky truth
hello sweetheart
goodness no it makes you sick is you
already lying down do you like it
you guys are in a funny mood today when
your cheese I'm here with Kelly the
walking wounded what have you done to
yourself
which is the kid of my knee it looks so
painful I just got here and curls in her
mouth cook flapjack and I have already
in two pieces
it is flapjack no crunch II this may be
a South African lost in translation
thing right what's the difference this
is a flapjack okay so they're like drier
French yeah they're like dry flapjacks
but I obviously wanted to show you
Kelly's cat is hilarious
his name's Archie right yeah he's having
to lead at the moment because somebody
shot him with an air rifle which I
actually can't believe look how cute he
is but he is really really pissed off
about the fact that he is on the lead
and is only allowed like two meters into
the garden hello
he's like a tiger what's up my furry
friend hey guys what's up I missed you
Sarah
look at me
uh-oh it's Waukee time with you
hooligans come on
you naughty dogs and I just wanted to
show you guys because they're super
awesome look at the Roses the roses have
come out and they go up the house these
are my favorite roses because they are
bright pink and there's loads of them
how long do these last for my couple of
weeks bit longer so pretty and because
this is the first time I've been on a
walk in a few days because of my bad
back Mike's taking me to see his gate
that he's built because which he's very
proud of very proud of and he's done
flower bed here that he's very proud of
cloud of proud off he probably didn't
have to bow it as well
I can't actually quite believe my eyes
look at the pride in his face I am so
impressed by John how does it open yeah
and he sees like a pain like a new bulb
job looks really snazzy so you should've
seen what was there before it was a
mangled mess wasn't because these guys
are like yeah but we could get under the
last one there's a sneaky smell on this
walk which Mike just posts finger on
perfectly it smells like burnt toast
having a bonfire but it doesn't smell
like bonfire it smells like toasty it's
a very specific scent that's maybe
saving himself some burnt toast and it
smells like that
I love England in the sunshine look at
this guy's it's not freezing
you can still see blue skies up there if
I am now filming on my phone to run out
of battery but it's such a nice day
today and it just makes me happy it
warms the cockles of my heart some would
say yeah how they been anyway oh my
goodness we just had a total panic
because we lost treat well treacle ran
after a badger and I worry about piglet
the most because she's so small she can
go down the badger holes and Badgers are
quite aggressive creatures well they can
do some lot of damage to this was
especially so um yeah but we got the
back sad times well because I've had
battery issues I'm sorry I fail mike
tells me every time you're wondering
what that is it's a dressing-gown
it looks really odd it's like this big
white square it's a dressing-gown that
is drying we are going out for dinner
with Max who apparently is already on
his way
does he actually well no so yeah that is
what's happening me and MBEs are going
for a meal this is not glowing quite as
much today Tennant disliked and turn
until it starts to peel it's not gonna
peel it made you does that make you cold
make it rain it looks like it's gonna
rain I have to say I fancy some food
tonight I fancy is there pasta do you
know what we're gonna do a really good
prawn linguini that's my faith what
we're gonna do on the way there
but mysoline I think of my sermon is the
blind zoomin is the book now of my said
there's a band called of mice men and
they're quite rare actually really good
as well
oh but there's there's both yeah oh the
neighbors got a new gate mmm oh maybe
it's just shuck for the first time you
get fancy and so I yes I am excited
about me is you know what we're going to
download on Friday to watch my brother
play which I'm super excited about but
I'm also really gutted that we're not
going on Saturday because me as a
headlining and I'm really enough to
achieve me I mean I've seen these live I
have in they're amazing
do you vacuum always busier I don't we
Dalbert don't wanna see me alive we'll
have to book tickets when they go on
tour next yeah
we're currently in ZZ which I'm pretty
sure we're also doing last Monday night
however I'm accidentally eating this
because my auditor this stuff is so good
it's a cheesy garlic bread but has
caramelized onions on it super super
yummy yeah we also have this cheeky
little face here's evening not Sam for
once I think everyone thinks I'm like
secretly having a better sound because I
was seeing so much recently
definitely not he's like more like a
brother than anything else so yes
Mike has successfully managed to find a
peak so that exists in the world with
potatoes on him
I never knew this existed that looks
yummy
I have my eyes on I ordered some sea
bass which is some young potatoes some
kind of beetroot coleslaw or a thing
young man that would a pizza that looks
tasty boys
Title IX
I have a virtual mouse so it comes to
putting time and what do I order a
peppermint tea trying to be good Mike on
the other hand I can only see your face
like sorbet ice cream you're not on any
you shouldn't see a Nocturn just on our
way home and Mike's got this thing about
this tree on the road on the way home
that looks like Groot from guardians of
the galaxy which i think is hilarious if
you've seen guardians of the galaxy
you'll know what he's talking about I
think he's a little bit silly though
here he comes
the wound is when the wind blows and
it's like swaying back into it's like
I'm I see what you mean I mean on the
other side like I've always wondered why
do they cut these trees like this
they've done it yeah I don't call the
time since I can remember damage like
this if you go do it further down
they're like little people they always
used to remind me of people when I was a
kid there's like round bits of fame that
one doesn't so I'm in bed right now
actually haven't taken away my makeup
often kind of actually got ready for bed
I'm just kind of sitting in bed
organizing I have my diary and my pen
and I just been writing lists of stuff
to do tomorrow because I haven't been as
productive today as I wanted to be
because I went to see Kelly this
afternoon and kind of got chatting with
her it was really good to catch up
though but yeah so I've got loads of
stuff to do tomorrow so just writing
lists of stuff that I want to do that's
gonna be it for today hope you've all
had a wonderful day and I'll see you
tomorrow guys welcome to seventh of June
today we are in our hotel room and we're
about to check - check check check to
check out together see what I did there
right there Mike is sitting here glued
literally
