good morning guys welcome to the 7th of
June today we are in our hotel room and
we're about to check to check to check
out together see what I did there
right in there Mike is sitting here
glued literally his assists he's been
sitting like literally lean forward a
little bit because I think that
sympathetic he's been like that watching
Saturday kitchen not as oh oh is it
changed
we were we were watching static it oh no
it's not it's Sunday yeah but it was
nothing kitchen best bits on a Sunday
what happens almost that is confusing so
we're checking out now anyway and we're
going to I think we might swing my
Ashok's which is if anyone doesn't
notice like the Vista village of the
north it's an outlet center and then we
stop and see our friend Hanna and Tom on
the way of friends Hanna and Tom on the
way back down south because they live up
north and we like driving past the house
that we don't see very often so we do
have lunch with them and that is all for
this morning I feel like full of beans
at my back you know so much better than
another thing Mike's like calm yourself
it's not better yet Mike gave me like a
massage last night to kind of help my
back and it feels so much better this
morning I felt like sprightly and happy
and not in pain the whole of yesterday
was really hard because I was just in
constant pain which sucked but now I'm
like woohoo I can do anything
I've just got to choke so we have about
half an hour here before we have to
leave and I try to go into the Yankee
Candle shop Mike's like no me he is mean
where are we going then I don't know you
after I see wouldn't let me go into the
shop now and he's like you know
Cadbury's every seven out there isn't
gone under like got a week to go you
gotta be nice I wonder what is actually
in it they have anything special we have
is like a full Cadbury shop
what is it remains Easter eggs or is it
just like bulk bought yeah I think it's
like bulk buy look yeah we just got back
to mums and we're picking up the dogs
oh hello so many dogs
weasel weasel no and this little one is
my sister's new puppy shadow hello
shadow hello ru you've grown girl you've
grown it shouldn't you be a fat piggy
Wiggy oh hello he's squidge mental weird
are you getting a love oh he's good wish
you like a baby look at this you are a
silly dog a silly dog we love you look
at this guy's as little and large
snuggle fest so cute there's screaming
on the TV I think choppy loves her
shadow shadow goodness fat tummy he's so
cute
puppy does not like planes so my hair is
still extremely crazy from having the
roof down for almost three hours I also
think I might caught Sun face but yeah
we have managed to wangle dinner at
Mom's house she's got some leftovers
some leftover lasagna yeah I did a party
last night
yeah leftover lasagna we've got halloumi
salad some leftover chicken bread
looking very tasty indeed and these two
are snuggling down here bestest buddies
we're observing the sausage dog in her
natural habitat some say she is a
difficult beast to tame but the trick is
to tickle the belly piggy it was too
funny
I've just been giving her kisses and
she's been going oh I am 100% not
looking forward to brushing my hair
tonight Wow I think okay ours is a bad
idea don't do it people
mm-hmm your rather than me I'm glowing I
feel like I'm radiating you well I do
I've also got a real Belle I'm a tan oh
yeah that's probably gonna be it for
today guys maybe you've all had a
fabulous oh no sir but we had a really
nice Sunday a chilled one umm and we're
gonna be tan tomorrow they're like yeah
oh we're gonna be peeling peeling I
theories it peeling I was like what does
that mean then I was like oh yeah
peeling no we're not
I feel like I am warm she's in range
with no heating quite a nasty okay yeah
we'll see you guys tomorrow good bye
good bye good morning beautiful people
today is Saturday the 6th of June and
Mike and I are on our way to the wedding
it's currently hot for snow I have 90
broken yes I have an apple and I have my
fantasy from underneath this
