good morning beautiful people today is
Saturday the 6th of June and Mike and I
are on our way to a wedding is currently
home for snow I have 90 broken yes I
have an apple and I have my fancy frock
on underneath this but because it's
actually not very warm I didn't want to
crease my jacket up I have on my girl
power jumper over the top
snazzy your dress down there like girl
power we're driving up to somewhere near
my hair salon where we're driving up to
somewhere near Liverpool it's actually
or is it off the we're a little off the
where rule is is the term never been my
hair's cocaine I've never been to a
Liverpudlian wedding before but I am
excited about - it's gonna be great it's
Mike's family wedding so obviously we
can't blog too much today because it's
very rude to all the peoples weddings
without their permission so what we're
gonna do is log on the way out and I'm
going to do like an outfit of the day
where you guys won't forget there and
obviously not including the girl power
jumper that's coming off for the wedding
and yeah we will see where the day takes
us
and I'm going to eat my Apple now and
Mike's are we gonna drive too fast and
it's not really fun
so we're about an hour and a half later
now and we are stuck in traffic I am in
need of coffee I keep really well we're
sleeping were sweetly tell me well I
found in the toilet are you that's very
nice
TMI thanks Mike with almost there
driving through the countryside it's
actually a really nice day like I say as
there's a massive cloud there has been
please guys this is what the world looks
like do you think there are many
squirrels that live on the world that is
the question of the day we're mid
wedding right now and we're just taking
a little break because I'm gonna change
my shoes back I am really struggling I'm
I've taken the maximum amount of
painkillers I can take but I wanted to
show you guys the house that their
wedding is in because it's so beautiful
how amazing is this gorgeous absolutely
gorgeous and it's really windy so I'm
hoping that you can still hear but I'm
gonna do a little out for the day and
Mike will say the camera we're having
try and shields the microphone a little
bit like on the sides and so basically
I'm wearing today my jacket is from H&M
it's actually pretty old and very very
cheap but I improvements on the Blazer
front it's not something I usually
invest in I have lots of necklaces on
actually it's just two but these ones
the top ones are from j.crew and there's
like four of them altogether I forgot to
paint my nails because we ran out okay
whoopsie and then this one is from
forever 21 which was like two pounds
fifty love it
bargain dress is from warehouse which
long but kind of MIDI at the same time
my belt is from beaver and then my shoes
are from Jamaica
these are seen to be flash you need to
be changed into flats because my back is
very bad and then I have my new baby my
little Khloe drew bag and then my makeup
is now a glow which I repurchase I
hadn't had it for like three or four
years and I researched it loved it
I've got I love fake eyelashes on
stealer liquid eyeliner I've got Laura
Mercier amethyst cream eyeshadow
L'Oreal
mascara which I can't from the name of
it there's a new pink one it's pretty
good
or is it Maybelline and then my lip
gloss which is probably gone by now
because I've had a couple of drinks is
crazy
urban decay revolution in like somewhat
school they can't remember the nude one
and that is it let's go and plus you
change really in a lot of pain and cold
as well really cold outside such a
school boy yeah you look so handsome can
I just point out here Profumo I've got
that from CK max when we went on our
honeymoon Mike got shirts made in Tyler
gallery well check you out and shoes I
bought those no no points I bought Mike
shoes for our wedding present he's not
wearing them we've just checked into a
hotel room and we had such a nice day at
the wedding is so nice but the back pain
has definitely got the better of me I'm
now lying face down on the bed as you
can see Mike is there looking for a room
service menu because we agree and we
want some snacks late night snacks it
says that room show is available 24
hours but we can't find a menu so that
is not good I'll update you when we get
sent snacks I'm not sure I quite fancy
Caesar salad I don't know why whenever
I'm in a hotel rooms may get room
service I always order Caesar salad or
Greek salad because I'm weird so what do
we have here then something for you she
wasn't the first one I reckon this is
the Caesar salad always is a mighty big
dessert what is like the biggest night
glad you're hungry it does Caesar salad
delivered to you thank you
ah just the funnest sticky toffee
pudding that you could have right now
don't mind if I take a bottle of good
bye good morning piggy good morning
morning everyone welcome to the fifth of
June today is Friday
we're all happy about that we had well
Oh piglet today we are filming some
recipe videos before I say in for
Channel
