good morning piggie good morning morning
everyone welcome to the fifth of June
today is Friday
we're all happy about that we had well
Oh piglet today we are filming some
recipe videos for our savory Channel and
my back is still feeling really terrible
Henson sitting down
piglet is comforting me though she's
she's too cute hello Sun is how again
piglet that means adventures not kisses
adventures so I'm having a little break
from filming because we're waiting for
something to cook and it is such a
glorious day again I'm loving this I
can't even open my eyes now sunglasses
on and I have the most sensitive eyes
when it comes to sunlight I just cannot
open them but yeah I just wanted to show
you guys my flash tattoo that I just put
on with my bangles I'm actually taking
some pictures to my blog outside and
just generally enjoying the beautiful
sunshine it feels so good on my face
right now
this is what happens when squid gets
bored while still filming she comes up
with new inventive sleeping positions
you are a Tod dog squidgy so I haven't
blocked since this morning really
because
we finished filament saying 'the reason
that i spent most of the afternoon
asleep on my front lying down my back
has been really really painful I feel
like such a wimp like complaining about
it but back pain really sucks anyway
Mike and I in happy news
Mike and I are off we are going to
Becky's house she moved like we know two
weeks ago Padma now we haven't seen any
house yes I'm super excited she's doing
a barbecue my poisonous it's it's the
bags first outing it's like sitting in
probably on my lap I didn't tell Mike
about this beautiful
yeah whatever well we've got this on
board so we're good champers yeah they
do
everyone needs champagne on Friday night
to celebrate moving house we have
arrived at the new pad I'm hoping Baxter
she's I've just got the Grand Tour like
it's amazing we got glass of champagne
Cheers
we're just panning her we are talking in
the dog I haven't seen these guys before
this is amazing it's really
look at all the snacks you can't reach
them the feast is real and it is
happening right here that the whole
table is covered in food there's only
four votes Mike did himself proud
cheffing yeah nice work pat yourself on
the back Baxter the host of the evening
oh there she goes
Holly wait you weren't in the vlog
earlier oh she's here she's got some
I've got this is all mine
I turned by wrong it was teamwork and
because I've got bad back I just had me
sit down today nothing went wrong salad
burgers marinade
Nando's marinade instead of the dip
which we're gonna try sorry about that
in the thought that counts
because you bought it from Costco you
had to buy three of this size bottle
thinking that it would help sauce
actually its marinade but I'm sure it's
gonna be good it's gonna be done in one
day he's a really good hello little bear
this is probably the cutest thing I've
ever seen
apart from piglet obviously I'm switchin
treacle you are actually like a mini
squid so cute she was terrified of me
when I first came in and now she likes
me look at she's like stroked by Benny
oh it's tricky to struggle with the
camera Oh check this out for hosting did
you these freshly baked I have you put
them in the plastic tray yourself I've
just got the valve it down puppies I've
just got them down out of the oven a
strawberry shake these are pre prep
picks you promise me you're gonna come
strong yes yes let's go when can we go
where could we go I've never been strong
really keen when i season and we're
going so in other news can I eat one of
these I reckon that's pistachio yeah
 oh my goodness soft strawberry
vanilla chocolate coffee no they're
really yummy are they good
no I reckon the middle ones probably
lemon I reckon I stole a lemon I was
gonna go bang my rap in it's a No
vanilla why would a second pistachio
lemon strawberry or raspberry and
chocolate and vanilla vanilla and then
John vanilla first I'm going to play
safe look at him there with his copper
to me I think so Penelope wants one
really desperately oh no Penelope you're
not allowed look at this face I'm biased
but you know you're a naughty dog she's
so absolutely what she just has she's
also really really pushy like to be sit
there like oh please can I have some
where's Penelope's like give me some now
oh you're such a lady on you I've got my
new BFF right here she wants my
champagne B were you doing you mind your
friend Oh
piglets gonna hate me I'm gonna go at
home and smell like for another puppy I
know you guys probably can't see right
now but the mood tonight looks
spectacular so already I don't think
they can see I've just been sleeping in
the car the way home but we're home now
or just driving on the drive
I'm gonna call it a night and say
goodbye super sleepy my back is killing
me and I'm hoping it'll feel better
tomorrow because we've got a family
wedding so I will see you tomorrow hope
you all have a lovely evening
bye good morning everyone welcome to
Thursday it's official
I feel terrible this morning I
definitely had a couple more drinks that
I probably should have had last night as
you can probably tell by the end of
yesterday's vlog I feel like it wasn't
