good morning everyone welcome to
Thursday it's official I feel terrible
this morning I definitely had a couple
more drinks and I probably should have
had last night as you can probably tell
where the end of yesterday's vlog I feel
like it wasn't the most coherent vlog
she couldn't really vlog too much it was
a very awkward settings vlog because it
was with a lot of people who don't work
in YouTube and it's kind of yeah an
awkward position to vlog in but it was
such a fun evening it was actually a
charity ball for a charity called
together for short lives which basically
helps support the parents of very ill
young children who are not going to live
very long hence the name together for
short like together for short lives and
yeah it was quite an emotionally
heart-wrenching evening as well as being
really fun but yeah the charity element
of it was very sad so you know they're a
good charity and doing amazing work but
yes I had fun evening today
I'm in my amazing hotel room feeling
terrible my hair is still like this
which I actually think I'm gonna keep in
this do because I didn't bring my
shampoo with me and if I take this out
the plats I did with a lot of dry
shampoo so I feel like I'm gonna need to
wash my hair if I take them out however
I don't really want to because I don't
have any shampoo and after you say Hotel
shampoo so and also it's actually stayed
in quite nicely considering I slept on
it we got in at probably four o'clock in
the morning last night so yeah I'm
feeling pretty tired now it's about two
o'clock and obviously I was doing a lot
of talking in the loud the environment
because I've also kind of lost my voice
as well so I'm very manly but yeah
that's what's happening today I have a
meeting at lunchtime and then I've got
some time to kill in London I'm not
really sure what I'm gonna do because
then I have an event this evening as
well so we'll see where today takes me
I'm gonna drink a lot of water now oMG
the Sun is out in London which
I don't know when it's sunny in London I
feel like it's probably the best places
in the world there's also something
going on in Soho Square I'm not entirely
sure what is someone's singing perfect
Thursday morning in London I'm all
waiting while eating now definitely
feeling a lot of pressure having gone
out in sepia fresh air and take a little
look but yeah I think it's like last
twelve so it's probably gonna be lunch
which is good because I have no they
breakfast yet which normally is not
something I've ever look we've stopped
for a little sushi break this is what I
need right now and this is a new thing
we're in it's ooh this is a green
smoothie but it's so good
they blend it with ice instead of just
lightly blending it all up but it may
not very places like the chicken around
the Apple and cucumbers
and just exactly what I need it's also I
don't remember last another was improper
weird so I'm sitting here with a nice
cappuccino in the South Kensington it's
still sunny
it's beautiful day I'm joined again by
Sam who I'm doing that's not some kind
of weird affair going you know he's just
been around for the last couple the last
several days thankfully I've just
replaced Mike with you he's got my
sunglasses on I just got given these
coolest thing ever
how cool are they they've got pink
lenses but we're just debating whether
or not they're too small for my face Sam
thinks they're not think that useful for
his face one face or whatever you fool
you have to get a big one oh here he
goes
yeah much better are they too small to
my face experiment what do you like guys
let me know
I thought I'd have a really big thing
not in a bad way like complaining
because you know it's not really a bad
thing a big Facebook well I don't know I
feel like I have a really bad hangover
chat today I really do but yeah I do
love me if there's such a cool color so
excited and that is all for the update
then drink very coffee now and then for
unity a go on an adventure in the
sunshine or the best thing to do in
London and sunshine
find a park I reckon although it will
probably be wrapped and we like the
busiest part of the world which starts
to get frozen yogurt slap this is the
way we like to roll in the sunshine I've
got a mango snog
strawberries and kiwi sand work for the
older salted caramel fruit it's not good
mine looks way better but now in Hyde
Park chilling at the hell out
look at these blue skies you can see the
chard and the London Eye that way and
then this is Albert right I think it's
Albert King Albert thicker than these
guys look at it this is amazing we are
chillin Sam's tanning I am just lying on
the floor in crippling pain with my back
but it's all good because I'm lying down
my feet are in the grass this is the
best way to spend a Thursday afternoon
glorious Sam's gone now go for a run I
won't stop for a little bit a savory
pancake which is baba ghanoush inside it
it looks it actually smells really good
and the diet coke so I'm home now and
I'm waddling like a duck my back it's
really bad
silly Webber City I wasn't even dancing
today like tan nice being outside I'm
sorry don't be doing outside today
Murli knowing can I've made a gate and
made gate we shall show you and I can't
wait to see it below and he's clean the
kitchen and done the ironing yeah well
you say good morning
wait come this way in the world they say
they are modeling this way
what yeah look at the pile is that not
ironed
oh yeah piglet we maybe we can teach you
how to iron huh I miss you little bean I
miss you little bean holy dude we did
you having a snooze triki triki had a
wedding guess what there were at this
party tonight piggy there were other
sausage dogs there were the
they had short hair not long hair like
you know weren't stinky like you either
one was a puppy it was so cute on many
occasion today really because I've
removed the gate lose the nope oh dear
he's not the sheep and everything
piggy thinks that she is much bigger
than she actually is and likes to bark
at horses and sheep and everything but I
didn't actually vlog at the event
earlier because it was kind of an
awkward situation to vlog in but I
wanted to show you this little goodie
bag that they end up ended up giving me
before I left it's like a basket I
actually brought this back on the train
I got some funny looks I have to say but
it was an event held by Birchbox because
they're collaborating with French soul
and Luke says Fleur de force
and there's the Birchbox special edition
with the print on it and then I also got
some shoes I'm such a lucky girl today
how nice are these beautiful
such a lovely collaboration and it was
all like English garden themed I'll
include a little clip here with me
talking over it so you guys can see what
it looked like but yeah like I said it
it raised love I'm gonna call it a day
for tonight because I'm in quite a lot
of pain back pain is probably the worst
kind of pain as well you're not gonna do
the army for me then maybe what about
medicine I think that might be a bit
physical oh I'll do the pillow cases
literally even waddling around you need
to go - not yet oh no I need to cuddle
you is what I need to do look at your
face you're so adorable
we'll see you guys tomorrow oh I hear a
little pitter-patter as well this one no
you look beautiful
we love you squidge see you Oh what you
doing got BV she's been like following
my crown ever since I got back meowing
at him she wants attention
that's it today guys see you tomorrow
by good-morning puppy laughs oh my god
noisy morning guys it's currently six
o'clock in the morning feeling a little
bit tired just letting the doggies out
for a week right through you much go to
the gym this morning
