good morning puppy laughs oh my god
noisy morning guys it's currently six
o'clock in the morning feeling a little
bit tired just letting the doggies out
for a way like Twiggy much goes to gym
this morning and I woke up I'm still
feeling a bit full of cold and it was
just I was knackered to be honest so she
comes the asthma pig thanks to Mike in
the best Oh Ricky you're so beautiful do
you have a nose nose oh girl look at
your face great you silly girl yeah you
look after him weren't you
I'm gonna miss you guys this is what
mike has to deal with oh my god piglet
do you not think that's a little bit
close for comfort before I go I'm gonna
do a quick outfit today my hair is crazy
cuz I'm actually getting it done when
I'm in London and I also just have on a
little bit of tinted moisturizer a bit
of concealer a mascara because I'm doing
a get ready with me later so there's no
point putting later makeup on to take it
off and it's like 6:30 in the morning my
necklaces are from this one here it's
actually layered this one is from j.crew
and this one is from forever 21 which I
got for two pounds in Glasgow that's
what it looks like it's on its own
really really happy with that and then
my top is from Primark a little bit
crease because I tied it up at the waist
and then decided I didn't want to so now
I have crease enos but it's dropping out
then my jacket is from Zara the same
jacket I wear all the time my skirt is
my a sauce one that I got recently which
I really like it's kind of 60s with the
zip down the front but I like it a lot
that's what it looks like all together
tights because it's still really cold
and then my Free People boots and if
you're wondering what is on the mirror
here this is body lotion if you guys
watched my video that I put up last
night I sprayed the mirror I haven't
cleaned it yet by accident so yes that
is my outfit I'm off to London freaking
out how really really early it gets
light right now like seriously I woke up
at 20 plus five and it was like midday
like
so yes see you later it is officially
coffee o'clock I needed this this
morning I've been a bad vlogger and I
didn't love my breakfast but I had
breakfast and it was good and I've had
about five coffees today feeling a
little bit sketchy but I am now in
Breaux in Brixton I just had my hair
done by the lovely Gareth
I said well you were like sneaky cameo
appearance in every vlog and he never
says anything he just laughed oh there
you go he does speak yeah he just did my
hair looks amazing now I'm heading to
Selfridges for a secret sneaky mission
but I wanted to show you guys try and
shade the wind how awesome house of
parliament work it's such a nice day in
London oh hey Selfridges my favorite
shop in the world I am so hungry right
now I've had I don't know why but
whenever I have
makes me like even more hungry when it
gets a lunchtime
I think I maybe they've got some ramen
Ashley mikage the same place that I went
to examine
you guys Roman in Selfridges give you
the best round so it's got the point
narrow self away
yes baby so I've just checked into my
hotel room and I wanted to show you guys
the room because actually really awesome
I've never stayed in this hotel before
you can switch the lights on lights yeah
wait I want there must be more lights
here they go there we go there's the
lights I'm saying the hammy our hotel in
I guess it would be so yeah it's in Soho
it's kind of on the edge of so know like
just off like right by particularly
Circus my brain is seriously a bit
remember today I'm not feeling great but
yes I want to show you my room anyway
because it's really awesome I just
walked all the way here you know when
you get the hotel room that is literally
on the other side of the hotel from
where the lift is I was like is this a
joke I had to walk my five minutes to
get to the room but I found it in the
end so this is the bed and the bed head
the bed the bed head the headboard
that's what it's called is gorgeous I
love it so cool green-themed something
really odd is that the TV is there
instead of there I guess that's because
the windows there but it's kind of weird
like how he meant to watch TV like from
there very odd kind of layout I would
have had the I don't know maybe had like
the desk there and then had this the
boob oh my god my brain the chairs there
I don't know is that odd am I the only
one that thinks s hould anyway so this
is the room super gorgeous haven't
looked in here I'm guessing this is a
wardrobe it is a wardrobe I'm guessing
this is a minibar it isn't it's still
wardrobe I like how they light up there
and got some mirrors another mirror
hello and then the bathroom I had not
been in it yet two sinks
wow that is a cool shower this is crazy
this is like open if it's granite or
marble but this is like intense it's an
intense color I'm actually filming it
get ready with me in here tonight so I'm
glad it's a very beautiful room and I
also may or may not have just made a
sneaky purchase and Selfridges it's a
handbag purchase and should I show you
guys I'll show you guys I have been
banning this for quite some time now and
she sealed it up which is really
frustrating to try and open with one
hand who you I've been planning this for
a while now and I finally kind of took
the plunge because I had a voucher for
Selfridges and this is my new baby
it's all kind of like done up super
smoothly so it doesn't get scratched and
stuff but it is a Chloe drew and it is
in the beige color and it's in the
medium size I'm going to put it it still
has the stuff on so you can't see but
that's the size I love it
so pretty I'm going to unpack this I
almost went for the tiny one but you
literally could fit nothing in it I feel
like the tiny one you could wear more as
an evening bag but it literally like you
can find here in it so I have a new baby
not a real baby
when you get everything ready and get
filming I don't see you guys in a bit so
I'm kind of wrecking the joint but this
is what happens when I'm filming to get
ready with me this is the background it
looks very glad but in reality it's
really not that glam and kind of tricky
I need to I think there's a mirror in
the bathroom
I think I'm going to steal this mirror
so that I can see myself hello what
that's really trippy I like the filming
commenced so I'm ready
I managed to film a video and I'm now on
my way to the event so I got my candy I
got my phone yes yes yes this is so
annoying literally my I'm gonna log all
the way to the left because just to show
you how far the lift is because it is
really really far I don't know why the
lighting is crazy
I think it's because of the spotlights
it's going right light and dark but I
managed to get on with filming done and
I'm kind of nervous because I think um
there's gonna be a few people I know
there but I think Olli white who's only
youtuber if you don't I said watch him
is on our table I just had quite a I
just got ready uncut never rush well I
don't know it takes a lot longer to film
get ready with me videos then it sauce
to actually get ready and I just always
end up being a little bit flustered by
the time I leave because I never leave
enough time I'm like quite not
anyway so I'm still walking also
something of no look at the wallpaper in
here it's super super cool and I want to
show you the lifts as long as no one
else in the left because I'm super
awkward rolling in lifts but but they
have this cool dog picture in the lift
that is so totally also yeah anyway
we're still walking still walking maybe
there who is that and it's at this point
no no there's nothing
this is that the sleepwalking there was
something left and it turned out in the
other lifts so the dog thing is not in
here but they do have this which is
quite cool it's just awesome bits of art
all those nice
beautiful
hey guys it's love this guy's a little
bit later now and as you may be able to
tell it's probably an unacceptable hour
of the evening to be vlogging probably a
good opportunity to end the vlog right
now and I'll see you in the morning or
June 4th day tour guys welcome to the
second gen second year death the second
day of junior falls today I'm going to
gym ok I'm in a while feeling a bit
guilty and I'm starting the fitness kick
yet you guys need to help me with
motivation ok
