morning guys welcome to the second gen
second your death the second day of June
the fourth today I'm going to Jim okay
I'm in a while feeling a bit guilty and
I'm starting the fitness kick yet you
guys need to help me with motivation
okay but I've got a different Jim body
today Oh Mike's at his groin and he's
going to play golf so Sam is coming with
me it's a personal trainer which I think
I was right away now so yeah we're off
let's do it so we worked out hard Sam
was nearly sick yeah and we're now
walking the dogs and I was just laughing
at my unusual get up because I've got
Mike's jacket on my workout leggings and
then my pink wellies until I looked
across to see Sam this is how we roll in
the countryside there's no one to see us
apart from however many so we've come
for a little bit of lunch surprise
surprise we're in Nando's I accidentally
gave him the wrong table number so Sam
gets no food basically and he is
miserable I got a quarter chicken mango
and lime controversially normally I get
extra hot and sweet potato mash and
ratatouille and just as a side note this
is my favorite source in that there is a
wild herb one underrated I think most
people go for like the medium partier
average average about
it's gonna be hungry just kidding that
actually looks like a tasty meal so we
stop for a quick Starbucks and being as
English as we are the Sun came out which
actually is nice now for every like five
seconds there will be the biggest gust
of wind and we'll it she like glorious
we got sunglasses on I've got an iced
americano I think this with my new thing
I don't know why I feel like it doesn't
have like all the sugary stuff that if
you have a chai tea latte so bad he
worked it off this morning
sneezing home now Mike before hello how
was golf
pickup fun it was really good I think
are you in I've learned the longest
drive so basically mike is the cooking I
say this is like a collaborative effort
because I defrosted the chicken and put
the sweet potatoes in but we've got what
are you going to Boston there
oh this week Texas when bottom now and
we've got peri-peri chicken pepper
anything else I have been editing this
afternoon and now I am packing all of my
stuff together because I'm off to London
again
I actually am quite excited I'm known to
a black-tie event tomorrow night this is
probably only really loud I'm standing
right by their sizzling grill go to a
black-tie event for a night but Mike's
not invited car dat
which I'm gonna chat about like I I
don't know I feel like I've spent quite
a lot of time away from home the last
couple weeks and it makes me want to
pack my and Piggly on switch and tweet
automatically caps I did it's my
suitcase I tweeted about it saying I
don't think I'd fit you in too big to
fit in my to baby
piglet would fit yeah like I was like is
this your face from not being able to
fit Mike in the suitcase I was like yeah
so yeah I've got more anything to do
tonight I'm gonna eat this and then we
watch a movie or something I've got a
pack to finish packing
I've written a list of wine each pack
that I want you to gather it from around
the house because anyone else do that
it's not weird so I write a list of what
I need to pack first it just helps me
visualize because I'm filming get ready
with me video in the hotel I need to
know like I've got all my stuff to get
ready right yummy you know what I just
realized
this is pretty much a homemade version
of what I had for lunch at Nando's I
went in under the Sam and I had poopoo
chicken I'll add this and then I had
sweet potato mash which is this is a non
mashed sweet potato and ratatouille
which contains peppers
oh hello now push hello what have you
been doing today have you been going for
double use and eating all the snacks and
being a naughty little sausage have you
been a naughty little sausage yes you
have yes you have my little sausage dog
say hi everybody I love you that was
possibly one of the most simply
delicious meals you've ever cooked me
and I probably have sweet potato on my
teeth
in fact I'm pretty sure I do so I don't
want to show yes because we're now
watching warm bodies mmm reckless whole
which way do we want to use it cinnamon
and wheat and I remember thinking it's
actually really good like really funny
and I've enjoyed it
I love zombie movies anyway but this is
like a very alter
- zombie movie and I like it a lot and
these guys are snoozing look at Ricky's
here if it once with the others
treacle bar we've got the sausage
hello hello baby you don't worry I'm
sorry I woke you up
I was talking about you not to you we've
got the silly sausage dog with her toy
and then we've got school which who is
losing as well we are gonna watch this
I'm gonna pack and then it go to bed
because I'm gonna get up super
SuperDuper early tomorrow so I can
hopefully get in a gym back on the gym
train like I said earlier yeah I think
it's about time it's about time so yeah
that's it today I'll see you tomorrow
bye guys guys and welcome to June
divorce I feel super tired this morning
and I feel like I'm starting June force
on a little bit of a low point
energy-wise obviously I got back quite
late last night and today
