good morning guys and welcome to June
divorce I feel super tired this morning
and I feel like I'm starting June force
on a little bit of a low point energy
wise obviously I got back quite late
last night and today I'm home basically
today and tomorrow and the rest of the
week I'm in London and then we're
filming for Sainsbury's on Friday so
we've got a really busy week ahead and I
have a black-tie event on Wednesday and
I still don't have a dress for it I've
also made before me two videos today and
I just have like no idea of what to film
like I I it rarely rarely happens that I
have like nothing to fill normally I
have like a long list of stuff but I'm
just feeling a little bit I don't know
uninspired today so what I'm gonna do is
go to Birmingham and look for a dress
I'm also getting ill as well which I
have totally caught off my friend when
we're on the book tour / yes I'm getting
yelled at the beginning of a vlog a
month instead of the end of the vlog a
month which is not good these guys are
making me very happy though today it's
good being home with you hello it's not
coming on for ages I've been gone for a
few days but these little ones what are
you doing that's a funny position to be
lying in your crazy dog you crazy dog
you know a crazy pig you're not a pig
are you you're a dog
so yeah off we go to Birmingham you
can't come there which makes me so I
have arrived out focus there we go in
Selfridges in Birmingham I've just
actually got some soup for lunch
and sat there seething because I just
found out I'm gonna be going to LA this
weekend for like five days and I just
found out the trip got canceled last
minute so I'm kind of really upset well
I'm just a bit gutted to be honest so
yeah
her address and I pretty much have to
find one today but if I don't find one I
gotta film tomorrow so we will see we
will see fingers crossed so please bear
meme is really cool as well this is what
it looks like that's the boys section
and then I think we're coming up into
jeans don't need jeans need a black tie
dress I am home I ended up actually
having kind of a hilarious afternoon as
you may be able to tell I got my makeup
done I bumped into my friend Rose who
actually works in Selfridges as like the
beauty personal shopper and the same
Rosie mcLaughlin
yeah you might have asked she's really
nice so many so many members and yeah we
ended up just like Beauty mooching
around the beauty haul and I bought a
few bits and bobs and the guys at Shu
Uemura Shu Uemura shoot Murrah I don't I
never know how to say it ended up doing
my makeup I feel really rubbish I just
got so lucky
yeah well thanks um Mike's here thank
you my love I just got stuck in a really
bad rubbish traffic it took me ages to
get home and you know we were trying
really hard on school to see if I was
like I am so like Zonk
and this cold is hitting home so I'm
gonna eat some think to eat like
strawberries we have strawberries this
is what our fridge looks like at the
moment actually pretty full like the
full of random stuff is like cheese
sun-dried tomatoes kale some veggies
there's some hummus I'm trying to eat
healthily so I might just have a zit
gone off I might just have some
strawberries or I think we've got apples
too I'm gonna figure it out definitely
time for a coffee because I have to now
edit my vlog and this by the way is one
of my favorite mugs I actually got given
this by a subscriber at one of my book
signings back in February but it is
House of Hackney the print is by them
and I really love it it's one of my
favorite prints if you guys remember at
Christmas I've made my mom some cushions
out of the material and in case you
can't tell
I've been watching a few things today
I may have actually bought a few things
as well but I'm gonna do a whole video
so I'm not gonna show you them but there
are some bags neat sneaky so I've just
finished editing my vlog
woohoo and Sam has arrived the boys are
sitting here deciding where to go for
dinner I kid you not
they've been sitting there for about
half an hour having the conversation
like I don't mind guys I'll go wherever
and they still haven't decided they're
like two old ladies we're going to the
pub we're going to the cinema we're
going to chain go to the pub let's go
you hungry
ok another half an hour decision coming
up right now so the boys change their
mind last minute and we're now in the
world oh yeah a she looks pretty good
with two eggs double a double and
attraction me and Sam going healthy
because we're gonna be hitting the gym
tomorrow morning how we know prepare
yourselves we got the super the super
salad with chicken and it actually looks
really yummy I'm gonna eat this what are
you doing chili oil is it spicy spicy
chili oil or is it is the average chili
oil what do you think you're gonna do
drink it I look crazy Jun will soon
start on the best oh and I forgot to
finish my vlog last night and I think
already a teammate I think I made it
through the first seat no you didn't
make it up thought he literally you sat
down and you fell asleep
I was soda read last night look at my
crazy hair I'm going to see how suddenly
that pillow tops not looking real mafia
then I know it's cuz I know it does
compared to it doesn't usually what sure
yeah but commit we have like flannelette
pillows and that I wake up every morning
my hair would be like whereas this is
just cuz I had it tied in a bun
and then I under deserts no no no yeah
sure I'm sure I'm going to the gym this
morning first time in a while hey you're
going to the gym I won't be sociable
today and play golf in forty mile an
hour winds apparently today is gonna
peak us well that's gonna be fun
cuz I'm such an old man man see you
tomorrow bye welcome back long time no
see on this channel I'm super excited
because I'm going to be weekly vlogging
this week I've got a lot of stuff going
on so prepare yourself for a crazy
awesome busy amazing week in this vlog
in I'm gonna try and
