good morning guys I look like a crazy
person but I wanted to show you this
crazy mask before I put it on my
crazy-looking face so this is one of
those expanding masks I got in my
Japanese school and I'm trying out I'm
using the first time I'm using my sundae
right good jeans because I have this
phrases and I don't use it very often so
I thought I'm not particularly precious
about it because you have to use quite a
lot I think let's find out
I don't know if it's the wrong kind of
texture there's a cream I think it needs
to be wet to hang on it it was about
what eggs in my mask no thanks I don't
know it's expanding a little bit crap
that guys I'm going to try my kneeled
qur'anic
that seemed to work I think I still need
a slightly more liquidy serum but how
cool I spy with my little eye something
beginning with Piggy
what you doing I'm supposed to be
filming tonight
can you guys hear that not happening
I've just put some makeup on
wash my hair repainted my nails and I
feel like a new woman guys on the
downside just looking at the fridge
thinking about making some lunch
we are pretty limited a little bit of
pasta I don't know if I really want
pasta what's Meigs this side is all
drinks what to eat I do have this red
chili pesto that was cut off damn it I
went for the pasta guys it looks a
little bit anemic I'm not gonna lie but
it was all that within the fridge and if
you're wondering why there's two bowls
mum's here I have my she's been there
actually ages how long have been like
two weeks three weeks before Japan a
really long anyway Mother's Day yeah
well a really long time anyway so we're
having a capture my Mother's Day from
which I'm so worried yeah I gave it to
you as you mean to the people on the
vlog say it I love it and I haven't
taken it off it in what I gave Mom well
actually have to say Monica vinegar did
help me out with this a little bit so be
firm it's been great on it but Megan I'm
very nice mom
you collect okay let's see close up and
we see the writing and you don't Hannah
Alec fleur on it it's a bit actually
it's probably a bit grubby too covered
in singing I can't believe you've worn
it so much you think they normally have
those two necklaces that you've got on
and then you don't wear any other what I
leave my gel and I sleep in it and I
swim in it and my dancing in it right
we've got drama I just came in here
we're doing some washing and the washing
machine and ugly all over floor
I spy with my little eye something
beginning with hey Nick what are you
doing up there
pew the king of the castle it's a very
cozy looking castle you've got there why
the long face oh wait you're born like
that third time I just came into the
kitchen to this one listening to cheesy
80s music dancing whoo I have just given
myself the content leading down a little
bit otherwise I might get copyright
living here as well dancing everyone's
dancing to the 80s tune today I've just
given myself the most intense facial my
face today I try to put family oh I did
for foundation on and it just sat so
badly on my skin so I was going to talk
you through what I've used and will use
basically I use this stuff the Clintons
as a stock on there which is squid I use
this catcher cleansing oils cleanse
really nice actually first time I do use
it and then I double exfoliated once
with the tar friction stick because I
have so much disgusting like dead dry
skin then I use the touch a Polish rice
and then powder really nice then I put
on this vicious mask this is the
ordinary aah a 30% BH a 2% mask hello
kitty cat it's quite painful to use but
I've used it a couple of times before
and I do really like it but it's in ten
and then I've currently got this which
is the Colbert md alumino this is like
my favorite sheet mask in the world
super expensive but actually works and
then after I've taken that off I'm going
to smash a little bit of the ordinary
hyaluronic acid serum on because it's
the best
and then my retinoid overnight with my
illumi a retinol eye gel which is also
great fingers course my skin is going to
be bangin tomorrow talking of banging
period dancing and cooking what are you
cooking this makes me look at this move
the ultimate dad dance
look I got ultimate dad dance I thought
I was like a cross between soldier
voltar and I mean the new haircut looks
like Hugh Grant circa 92 is this coffee
bit so they last long
not sure about that line not fret in the
process because I can remember Sir John
Travolta was in there
 ball is going down Joe needed me
chop anything no yeah you did I think my
finger everyone who said okay everybody
says oh my oh it took I mean I look so
sexy right now
Mike always cook and you never cook but
actually he likes it oh my god oh my god
that that I try and help him and he
won't let me well whoa so is this
acceptable tonight that I have put this
free may Assam fever tree to go with
your lovely little bit of water at
wonder and the dog needs yeah you can
you're very tidy household I'm not gonna
lie leave you here for one day and you
just have like money lying around and
everything you're just crazy yeah
everything everywhere bikinis and a cat
and it has that kind of claim that
you're cooking check this out for a
feast and a half at like how many people
are you cooking tonight freeze it you
see then I have it little bit happening
around the world
no you're sick people give it a mood
yeah because I'm double pastoring today
I've gone farewell I'm steaming up well
I've gotten the light on a pasta heavy
on the meat and I said before you put
flour in hot sauce and it needs to test
it but I like the hot slim wait hang on
what rookie libs did you put this on the
table
that is that is bold that is like the
hottest of hot sauces you're trying to
yeah you are trying to blow my trousers
well this is what we need
I have a secret supply of this and a
couple of other or three bottles lips is
putting mayonnaise mayonnaise with
cannot get it I just does I think that
sounds like a good plan
it's rushed with the situation right now
is strong I've got my piggie we doing
under a blanket on the ugly comfy sofa
and we've got the screen is on the
lights are off what are we going to
watch MDF for oh do you see outside sat
on treacle what we watch ants are no
movie is some description a movie happy
feet hate to break it to you puppies but
it's bedtime
we watched Sully and I thought it was
pretty boring to be honest I might
enjoyed it I'm a life but I fell asleep
in the beginning for like 10 minutes and
maybe again towards the end peacefully
twinkles definitely slept like you
should like going down the back of the
sofa and this one
your haircut time tomorrow you know
you're getting a snip snip snip not
going to like where she in bed pretty
early today well my time bed yet I've
just got pillows next to me but it's
only quarter past 11 Pacific load me up
early tomorrow for working out vacuum
we're getting back on the fitness wagon
after being terrible because Rhonda
force is happening guys we'll see you
tomorrow
