hey guys welcome back long time no see
on this channel I'm super excited
because I'm going to be weekly vlogging
this week I've got a lot of stuff going
on so prepare yourself for a crazy
awesome busy amazing week in this vlog
in I'm gonna try and fit it all into
like 10 minutes to see let's see how we
do today's Monday I am filming three
videos today it's actually back for the
day so everyone else has the day off and
mike is at home in the garden I have
just been to the supermarket to get some
food and stuff for the house and just do
a few errands and pick up stuff I need
now I'm going to film three videos so
I've got my monthly favourites my summer
essentials which is gonna go up next
week and then I'm also filming a hair
tutorial like an updo her tutorial we
should recommend a chance so let's get
going squid just ran in all excited I
don't know where she's been outside
somewhere probably so yes let's do this
so I was mid foaming and I kind of am
still mid filming right now here's my
setup there's stuff going on I got a new
light as well by the way guys I got a
ring light and I am loving it really
good investment he goes like 80 pounds
so anyway got two videos down all fine
and then it came to film the last video
and I got all the way through and then
my camera ran our battery so I was like
okay I can just wait for it to charge
and then I'll just film that out really
quickly walked over to the mirror and I
had lipstick on my teeth like they're
like bright pink lipstick so annoying so
yeah I'm gonna have to read from the
last video again but it's okay I'm now
waiting for the battery to charge so
I've actually been watching my literally
just started watching right now on
Netflix a new show called residue I
think it's just a three-parter I didn't
want to start anything too long because
seriously otherwise my life would
disappear so it's quite good so far I am
about 10 minutes in whilst I'm waiting
before the battery's charged and then
yes more filming will commence and then
editing Monday is not very exciting hey
Pig what you got on your nose you got a
silly we're off for a walk mike is here
after a long day in the garden
I feel a bit disheveled after filming a
million bazillion videos and these guys
are happy to be walking they've actually
been outside with you all day she's
doing a poo that wasn't a good thing I
also wanted to show you guys the
bluebells because there is a serious
amount of bluebells where we live right
now and you guys don't normally see them
because I don't normally vlog in May and
that's when the bluebells are out so
we're gonna show you the Bluebell
seriously guys this is what makes living
in the countryside worth it very blue a
sea of blue and there's you happy
Tuesday everybody today I am heading off
to the Harry Potter studio tour which
I've actually done before about two
years ago but I think they've got loads
of new things there I know they've got
the train there now which wasn't before
so I'm super excited I'm actually
meeting my friend Lana who is another
youtuber who actually met it's kind of a
long story
I met her boyfriend when I was in can in
April yes a problem like which month was
it and then we ended up connecting when
we're in LA and she's really cool she
makes PT videos too so I'm meeting her
at the station and then we're driving to
Harry Potter world and then we come back
here for dinner and yeah I just thought
it would do a really quick outfit of the
day for you all today I am wearing my
sunglasses that was so not smooth my
sunglasses are my Ray Ban for one four
seven I always get asked about the shape
of these because they're kind of
different then I have on my breast one
stripe t-shirt from j.crew which I
really like it has like sparkly bits on
the side which are kind of cute and then
my necklaces are from made well my
jacket is from Zara my skirt is from
Tesco which is super super old and then
I have my bag from Proenza Schouler
which again is a few years old and I
have on my Free People boots which I
love they're actually really detailed
I cut the kind of dirty is one if you
won't judge me will you probably but
they just like double zip so they have a
zip on either side and they have like
loads of detail on them and yes that is
my outfit for today piglet what have you
got there that's not your
look at her if all else fails roll over
and look cute so I found one at the
train station and it was the first ever
train she'd go into life
that's like alien for an English person
she's really really really excited I'm
excited to Buffalo a little bit more so
we're in the hair and makeup section
right now there's like wigs and stuff
everywhere and I don't think we can
touch it anything we can look at it is a
little bit of processing me that is so
weird now I could he have a smaller scar
before and then they have to make a
bigger what they did to always make sure
it's in the exact same place so a lot
like any type of like oh yeah pa you
said you're worried yeah no it's
hiccuping label is hiccup a
solution I mean they really wanted the
potions costume to be quite intimidating
for the others as well they want to be
as creamy
they were authentically scared yeah II
didn't need to act when they were really
ferocious lesson so this wasn't here
last time I came the Hogwarts Express is
now in the studio tour this is so
awesome I hope you I think you can go on
it so
and then they have a platform 9 3
courses so cool look at the carriages I
want to go on a trip let's go on an
adventure need some slime so we made it
home
we were about like four and a half hours
in the Harry Potter studio tour it was
also they've added some cool new things
I haven't seen so I was super excited to
get back there but now we hit forever
and then take dinner out Mike is here
Lander is here mr. Bailey
I still like basically the same we have
a seat at the table if anyone wants to
join you're welcome
and we have some delicious food this
looks amazing I've actually eaten it
before so I know it's amazing but it is
sea bass with a it had they have like
goats cheese risotto balls and tomatoes
and artichoke Lana got the same but
without the goat's cheese right yeah cuz
she doesn't like ghost yeah delicious
and might got a light fishy James likes
like I'm gonna go fish chips Mike was so
light I was like really
it's coming I think welcome to Wednesday
today I thought I was gonna show Lana
who's still here show her some more
British kind of heritage that cuts off
so I bought her to Burleigh house in
Lincolnshire and it's a beautiful day I
think we've got pretty lucky with the
weather I've actually never been into
the house before I've been here for like
but it's gonna be an experience for me
so we're taking you guys along come
along
this is where we are now is like we came
into the carpark Lana's like freaking
out like this is so beautiful I was like
it gets so much better
treacle snuck in look she's in the
picture how did she get in here
it's pretty colors
with the dead birds I'm just chillin
it's right we're walking around
crunching mini eggs they're so loud and
there's nobody else here this is the
coolest bathroom in the world it's like
a little cubby hole of this huge room so
cool weirdly enough I think it's meant
to be like it kind of seems like office
like the way they've kitted it out but
I'm guessing it would have initially
been not an office we've come outside
and we have some lunch she was sitting
in the beautiful grounds of a burly
house and Lara is eating her first-ever
fishing chair and I have this yummy
looking Fisher cake I love fish cakes it
has a poached egg on top and hollandaise
sauce it's kind of like so this is the
front of the house it's so awesome when
can I move in the road and maybe get a
coffee coffee yeah
a tea oh she's so English now she's just
down with English ways this is Stamford
it's so beautiful if you look back up
here you can see the church and all the
shops and all the cars as well but you
know ignore the cards now we're just
having a little one drive but into a few
shops
just having a little mosey we've stopped
for coffee in the courtyard at the
George Hotel in Sanford and I need this
right now and there's a little the
Scottie as well as you can tell I've
already eaten half of it so I dropped
one off at the station she is now gone
I'm sad however exciting stuff
Lizzie is here and we have been eating
this amazing at pastor meatballs that
might cooked us thank you very much and
I got Lucy a chocolate frog from Harry
Potter world or Harry Potter studio a
minute yesterday okay basically I was
just a plumber I've never seen it before
and they're part of me is really hoping
that when I open up the box
the frogs actually jump out this is a
frog in there Mike didn't read how a
possum didn't read or watch somebody
okay so in the first night postponed get
reduced and took the Frog and it's
weren't actually - I trust me it's a
really awesome moment yeah they've got a
problem inside of cards of all the best
movers definitely it's like football
cards yeah yeah but the chocolate frog
like bounces out so we're trying to work
out if there's like some kind of
mechanism oh that's that's like so
welcome to Wednesday I actually haven't
vlogged yet because I came down to
London super early this morning I got
like a 7:30 train down and went to the
sphere us a sample sale which I was
really excited about and I was so
excited about it I forgot to vlog but I
did end up getting a couple of pleasure
I'm gonna put a whole video so I'm going
to show you I'm now on the rooftop bar
in Selfridges it's lunchtime now so I
had a meeting in between and I'm having
a drink my friend samples just wants to
do but you guys have seen Sam a lot and
yeah I'm gonna have to drink in the
sunshine and then stupidly because I
have like a lot of stuff going on the
next few days I need my passport for a
flight down from Glasgow to home on
Sunday and I'm not going home in between
then and I forgot my passport so how
many have a train back to meet Mike at
the station get my passport and then
come straight back like ultimate veil to
the sun's decided to go in for it so
Sam's here looking a rather dashing
today stop for a little bit of ramen for
lunch I've got pork or chicken he's
feeling jealous so I'm super super bad
vlogger it's like not really vlogs today
at all because I've just kind of been
rushing around like I said before I had
to go back to pick up my passport
because I forgot it I just cannot
believe I actually forgot my past what I
was so stupid but I met Mike at the
station he was so not as he came to meet
me he had a golf lesson near the station
so he came out anyway and drop my
possible off so I kind of like wasted
two hours that was meant to be filming
this afternoon so I'm gonna have to get
up super early I was just setting up
myself like my tripod Sarah and my hotel
room now which is my like regular hotel
and yes I'm gonna have to get up super
early to film I just went for dinner
with some of my old school friends as
well which was super nice to catch up
because I don't see them very often let
alone all together so it was really nice
to catch up with them I'm gonna watch
Harry Potter now and sort my life out
and generally like get ready to film
tomorrow because I've got my first
meeting tomorrow tomorrow's kind of a
crazy day actually I have like a meeting
at 10:30 which is actually not that
early but because I have to film a video
before and I'm gonna try and edit it
before as well I'm gonna get up maybe
six
get ready film edit go to my meeting and
then I'm actually meeting
a some competition winners which I'm so
excited about basically when we when I
released my book we stick it up the
books with like one of them was when a
shopping spree on feel unique was just a
voucher then the other one was when a
shopping spree with me so I'm going to
meet the competition winner of that
tomorrow and go shopping with her and
then the other one was go for afternoon
tea together so I'm doing that and then
I have my other two came meetup so
tomorrow is gonna be so much fun but
it's like super super busy so go from
one thing to the next thing to the next
thing
so I've got to be like kind of organized
tomorrow so I'm sorting my life out and
now I'm just waffling I have my camera
ylt actually I love this hotel because
they have the pantry which I think I
showed you guys last time basically it's
like a kitchen where they have like tea
and coffee you can go and help yourself
to stuff so and they have like cake and
softy but I got chamomile tea which I've
ever had chamomile tea is that weird
maybe it is I'm going to try it should
try it now see if it's good this is
chamomile flower tea smells quite floral
it is quite good actually I do like it
it's not as good as mint tea and I
thought they had mint tea and it turned
out to be green tea and I was really
disappointed cuz I had mint tea in my
head I'm gonna stop waffling now and
I'll see you tomorrow bye bye hey guys
welcome to Thursday so again I've been a
very bad vlogger and I haven't vlogged
this morning it's now 137 and I'm on my
way to the Berkeley hotel where I'm
meeting Catherine and who's a
competition winner from my book and
we're gonna go for afternoon tea
I've just been shopping with a girl
called Jessie hello Jessie if you're
watching this I forgot the vlog because
it's literally been like we had like an
hour in Topshop and it was so busy
because home Terman moment it was like
supermarket sweep for Topshop was a
super fun and yes we did that and I'm
now my weight off duty
see you there afternoon to you
look at the spread this is just a savory
bit so I think we're gonna be filled by
the end of this and we have some
champagne very very exciting but I'm
actually hungry so I made about the
sweets of a ripe guide to look at this
this is the cutest thing for Silla
handbag it's on your hand much handbag
with eyes on it look at this swirl that
is amazing I don't want to eat them
they're too pretty and there's a cheeky
little bikini up here as well we are
just around the corner for the meetup
now I just arrived and I just have to
show the see you guys this is their
customizing Naked palette
how amazing are bees from wiggle those
guys we're downstairs this is where
we're doing meetup like in our little
room downstairs it's amazing but I just
have to show you the toilet I know this
is weird and you don't know what to say
toilet but look at the wallpaper and
apparently these are like the guys
running over decay in LA these are their
dogs it's amazing we have their names
I want wallpaper with pickle on it so
it's 1 a.m. I've just arrived in my
hotel room in Newcastle I'm currently
annihilating some popcorn super hungry
it was such a horrible train journey I
didn't love it because the train was
packed and it's so cold and the only
thing I had was this one jumper like
seriously I had to layer up I was
freezing for like 3 hours and 40 minutes
to get here I'm gonna go to bed now it's
been a really good day there the meetup
was awesome I'm sorry I didn't vlog more
of it it was just literally non-stop
that went astray station got on train
and so yeah it's been a really long day
I'm gonna call a night and I'll see you
in the morning good morning everybody a
Saturday and today I have my book
signing in Newcastle and really excited
that's actually about quarter past 11
now we're leaving in about 15 minutes to
go to the Metro Centre it's a really
really nice day and I am excited to meet
some of you guys those people have been
tweeting me from the queue which makes
me so excited cuz I've been sitting here
I've like done everything got ready and
then I had like an hour left so I've
been sitting here watching Harry Potter
since going to the studio tour on
Wednesday
I've been like rewatching the wobble I
know that sounds geeky but I'm loving it
to be honest it's really cool to be able
to see all the props and stuff but oh
god there's a stretch Hummer outside at
like 11 o'clock on a Saturday do we
reckon that's a hen do maybe say yes I
I'm gonna get ready now and head off a
little bit nervous as always
okay so just go into more centers and
people there but we're gonna just walk
down and say hi to everyone in the queue
because apparently there's quite a lot
of people waiting and then hopefully
something from being on my blog
the meetup is over I've actually been
hanging out in Newcastle for couple
hours which has been super nice now we
at the stations and we are getting on
our train to go ask
I'm here with Fran lovely friend who was
on the book tour last time and it's
doing all the organizing basically she's
the serious one
yeah so we're heading up spells get it's
not hot for seven so we've got our
snacks we're ready with our M&S snack
bags because I was just a plain food
train food it's never very good so yeah
I've never been to Glasgow before bring
it on
we're on the train right by the sea and
this whole journey
you just had amazing views look at this
and the Sun setting - it's so cool it's
kind of like a holiday on the train so
we're backstage Waterstones in Bray head
and we have cookies Fran just went and
got these because she's super amazing
and they smell amazing I kind of want to
steal one but I'm not going to because
they're for people in the hue they'll be
really naughty yeah I think we have
about 10 minutes and I feel like super
tired this morning I sleep so bad being
in hotels I'm like I feel a bit
zombified but I seem I'll start meeting
people I think I'll be like a bit more
energetic so we just finished the
signing and I want to show you guys this
this is the coolest thing ever
thank you Laura and Molly who bought
this for me I don't think I can eat all
of it by myself but um I think I might
share it with all the guys in
waterstones because I smell awesome you
have a little while in Glasgow before I
have to get my flight home and this is
the centre of town what it looks like
it's actually quite nice and if there's
the weirdest weather here today it keeps
raining and then being really nice and
raining and being really nice but um
yeah we're just having a wander around
the central town cats
having a little nosy look who I spy with
my little eye and lo weasels hello guys
oh you are so adorable I missed you so
so so so so so so so so so so so much I
did I missed you so so so much
I knew a little bit and you tricky
throughs oh it's so good to be home and
then that's my excuse eh oh it's so good
to have you home are you grandpa
I only middle of working was watching
very intense shots arriving at the same
time it's shutter island' I forgot how
good how good they smell more the things
as well I forgot that once you've
actually seen it so you know what's
going you can spot all the clues yeah
but don't give any the game away because
all these surveys well I don't any film
yeah but once you know what happened you
can be like oh I see the twist coming
now look at you two I've missed you I'm
gonna join this snuggle pile and I'm
gonna call it a day here with these guys
you bought the stinkiest breath in the
world Pickett thanks for watching my
weekly vlog now she start daily vlogging
again tomorrow which I didn't realize I
picked it until today really um thanks
piglet with you doing you weird dog
sorry darling with you to the crazy dogs
um yeah so I guess I'll be seeing you
hello guys I'm a little bit late in
starting my vlog today because it has
been quite manic but we are cooking
today for the same for each Channel
we've just finished the spice recipe
which is sneak preview veggie burger
