hello guys I'm a little bit late and
starting my vlog today because it has
been quite manic but we are cooking
today for the same speech channel we've
just finished the first recipe which is
sneak preview veggie burgers mic was not
too impressed at doing vegetarian
recipes buzz because he is a big big
meat-eater but these looks so yummy is
like roasted vegetables this one is like
chickpea and roasted pepper it's only
like 10:30 but I'm actually quite hungry
piglet it has been smoked out we've been
like barbecuing inside
she's like no the smoke the smoke so
white you're smoking 40 a day bugger
just finished up recipe number two which
is tasty dips and courgette fritters
which looks really good we've done
hummus South I like spicy cooked salsa
and yogurt mint and cucumber dear with
courgette fritters crudit√© we've got a
snack pack I'm so Kiki I love this so
much
tough where is amazing and Mike is
having a dog break essential dog breaks
what are you doing Boogaloo what are you
chewing on around poor naughty I don't
normally like jelly but I have just
eaten the whole of this oh my god it's
so good I will put a link in the info
bar below to the channel if you guys
haven't already checked out our Cooking
Channel but I don't know when this is
going up it'll be in a few weeks time
but it is so good and so easy and now
we're going to Lulu's birthday party
Lulu's to today and she's having a very
special peppa pig themed birthday party
which we're a bit late for but hopefully
we will make it in time for the cake
we're on our way to Lulu's party and I
have piggy here cuz all the kids love
piglet so we've got her birthday outfit
on she's got bows around her neck she's
not too happy about being in the car but
I think she'll go she'll go to sleep in
a minute where you burger
princess dodge systems we squidgy really
wanted a bow as well
she didn't so much want to come in the
car but she really wanted a bug not so
the kids are outside whilst they're away
we may eat the party food what would you
like pigs sausage maybe there's so much
Peppa Pig stuff as well as like banners
and bunting and balloons and the cake
wars peppa pig but it has now been
destroyed I missed out on the cutting of
the cake this is too cute what is
happening right now are you start are
you making sandcastles she's been taking
them everywhere with yes what are you
building Loulou birthday sandcastle yeah
pass it down good scale is that good
sand castle yeah I don't think it's a
very good one I think you need more
water
need more waters on you you rake it
clean that's it
piggy will help you does that little rat
doing down there
so the party is over we're sitting on
Hannah's sofa in her kitchen with a nice
glass of wine piglet has been exhausted
by the kiddies and trigger and trigger
our friends dog who actually was one of
my mum's puppies that she has common
loss that Christmas they left before
Christmas right there's no idea that
eight months old now so they would have
left five months ago which is November
so piglet used to be best buddies with
them if you remember and now he is like
fully grown and was going bananas and it
is exhausted Oh
you would yeah so when the kids are
going bananas too many numbers I think
pausing at kids birthdays are so funny
I just love it hannah has cooked
shepherd's pie ethnic but I am
personally more excited about the fact
that she has this stuff Mike won't let
me buy this everyone that's hi Jackie
boy rock my coin let me buy this because
I have too much of it I'll eat like the
whole bottle in two days
so the rest of this is mine so we ended
up staying pretty late hammers it's like
what 12 yeah we need to get her to go
home she's never very happy about going
in the car
that's probably you'll be back on hey
guys I will see you why won't see you
tomorrow because today's the last day of
April which only dawned on me just now
that's it I agree this month have not
like it it's just gone in the past in
such a whirlwind not necessarily quickly
it's actually been it's lasted see what
exhausting long times I've done so much
but yeah I just can't leave us the end
of the month it's kind of like finally
it's coming to an end it feels like an
epic month
yeah so I'll see you guys soon I'll try
and do some weekly vlogs for you in May
because I've got some cool stuff coming
up in there
well and I hope you'll have amazing ones
ahead and Pookie says goodbye even
though she's like shaking because she's
scared I'm gonna cuddle head out by what
so well I should probably be in bed
being ill and recovering I'm going to
London again yay I am going for
breakfast at Bobby Brown this morning
and I kind of know that I shouldn't
