so when I should probably be in bed
being ill and recovering I'm going to
London again yay
I am going for breakfast at Bobby Brown
this morning and I kind of know that I
shouldn't be going but I feel like it's
pretty awesome opportunity so I don't
want to miss out I also have a check-up
on my eyes today which I can't really
miss so Amanda took lots of three-plus
stuff and I am getting on the train back
to London Mike is driving me because
he's my hero
what are you doing today working working
and making might listen to James Bay
which is like my new obsession if you
guys know who he is
you Mike's it doesn't look very
impressed he sounds a bit like Hanson
this song does tell me there's someone
else
yeah so on the train we go I feel like
we go I don't know what we would feel
like but if it felt anything like
guessing gonna be this you know this one
thing what could be worse could smell
like blue cheese what do you mean uh-huh
okay I just spilled my smoothie oh you
can't take Becky anywhere she arrives
and like spill carnage all over the shop
so nice money
really on hotel we've got smoothies I'm
Hale one which I'm probably going to
kick over and trying not to coffin
anyone look composed when I really don't
feel it beautiful beautiful surroundings
bags white look look what I have a
moment I don't do that the travel size
just the whole box so it was amazing
really flopping in it it would have been
super awkward because it's quite as well
with Bobbie talking about her life
basically she is like feel amazing and
really inspiring and I feel inspired
even though I feel like that I feel
inspired we're now here in Bill's having
some breakfast this is my breakfast as a
vegetarian breakfast which is very
unlike me but it looks amazing flex just
here having a cup of tea no food for you
you're leaving in a few minutes right
and I'm just going to stuff my things
holding back Andrea's here as well and
chair and we haven't seen in ages
they're all having your myself catch up
they've got some eggs benedict going on
it looks very tasty i have to say and
yeah trying not to breathe my germs from
everyone
to the train station after my I check up
actually can't believe it's been a month
since my laser eye surgery okay uh-huh
and yeah it went really well my art is
are perfect they're like one bar off the
best they can possibly be so really good
still feeling a bit poorly I'm on my way
home now to see Mike I think I'm going
over to my mom and dad's house for
dinner site as well which should be good
because mums doing like handmade burgers
if you complete your super yummy so I've
just got to get the train home it is
rush hour so it's gonna be busy I'm
hoping I guess II actually have a seat
reservation which is always a good thing
yeah I'll see if I and the other half
deleted apparently it is not my week so
I'm walking to some Hank Chris's you
have making it a different line to
another train station that supposed to
home
because otherwise I can't like our last
place so we shall see so we just got to
mom and dad's what a journey home it was
not ideal yes the Train I got on after
being delayed on the first one which
ended up being 10 minutes late as well
but we got back made at home mum is
making homemade burgers and they look
seriously tasty are these any kind of
special burgers mum no spiciness but I
am loving the look of this it's like DIY
make your own assemble your own burger
and I'm gonna steal a bit of gherkin
check out my burger I'm not sure Harmon
if I die my mouse can you pass the
ketchup
I can't look how unhealthy Mike's yeah
but most men like to come assess my
gherkins I've got blue cheese on mine
what so tomato lettuce I'm gonna put
some ketchup on it as well moving it put
some ketchup with the chips - hell yeah
hello boogie woogie hello boogie woogie
are you daft are usually girl you silly
cow I missed you hey Scooby hey daddy's
hey guys oh it's very exciting to be
back oh yes it is oh yes it is here
comes number three hello hello Oh guys I
do love you very very much very very
much oh look at you you're a spoiled
brat yes you are so I'm back home now in
my PJs and I'm getting into bed and I
call it a night I actually feel a bit
better I just had a little snooze on the
sofa whilst Mike was finishing off some
work and I feel a bit better so I'm
hopeful that tomorrow I've cracked the
cold that I've had like two days of it
being really rubbish and then I'll be a
bit better tomorrow so we're filming
with Sainsbury's tomorrow which we
haven't done in a while we've got three
different recipes
do with them it's not the best when you
feel a bit ill doing cooking videos
because I don't know it's just a bit
like you sound a bit and then you're
cooking food which doesn't necessarily
go together the best but yeah that's
what we're doing tomorrow for our
channel with Sainsbury's and yeah I'm
gonna go to bed now and I'll see you
guys in the morning bright and early I
think the camera people are getting here
at 8:00 so it's quite an early start so
I don't really go to bed now I'll see
you in the morning
bye guys guys and welcome to the 28th or
April it's almost the end of this
running one plushie it's called super
quick it's been a busy one I feel so
rubbish this morning I feel so full of
cold and
