good morning everybody and welcome to my
first day waking up at home in quite a
long time today I am heading off to
London making my care but got bone to
pick with you this morning came
downstairs already for my morning dog
walk and what did I find nothing no dogs
no Mike he went without me you big
meanie huh because you were already sort
of me I was so looking forward to it
this lighting is gray I look like a
great dead person it's Coffee time we
actually don't have any milk in my house
so I'm having a black coffee and in
terms of jet lag I'm feeling pretty good
I actually took a sleeping pill because
I couldn't get to sleep I was waked
about 1 o'clock last night so I took
sleeping pill and I slept right through
till like 8:00 which is awesome but I
feel okay a bit sleepy but okay I think
the coffee's gonna help oh my god guys
drama on the way to the train station
Casey can't tell a little bit emotional
right now someone just pulled into me
when I was on the slip road getting onto
the motorway to catch the train station
totally his fault just like change lanes
all of a sudden didn't see me and hit
the back end of my car I think the
damage is pretty limited there's like
only the wheel by Gauss Oh angry I feel
like no one's ever hit me before I've
never been an accident before and I'm a
really careful driver so he like hit me
honestly like oh my god and then we
pulled over and obviously liked it
although exchanging details like that
and then as soon as I get back in the
car I'm like so composed and just like
annoyed but you know deal with it and
then as soon as I get the other person
is I don't know why I think it's like
the adrenaline in the shot cuz genuinely
like my car's gonna be fine I just needs
a new wheels like the
paint's not scratched or anything but
it's just like like an emotional morning
not off to the best of starts I've got
to go now and get my train I'm actually
got a photo shoot this morning and so
I'm hoping my makeup isn't too much and
he's like are you all right I'm like
yeah calm down see ya I'll see you guys
in a bit and I'm putting my sunglasses
back on so everybody in the train
station cannot see how ridiculous I look
hey guys I've been such a bad vlogger
today I'm I haven't blogged since this
morning I've had the most hectic day
aside from the fact that I have got a
sudden onset cold
I started sneezing at about one o'clock
and by 3 o'clock I'm like full-on cold I
like I have a red nose already I've been
like sneezing sniffling not good not
good this is what happens when you do
like 5:00 plane journeys in nine days
nobody is meant to do that it's not
normal and you catch germs no matter how
much hand sanitizer you use seriously so
I'm feeling a little bit poorly I went
to a photoshoot at lunchtime and rushed
through that to that in about an hour
then headed straight to a meeting which
I couldn't clog either because it was
top secret but super super exciting and
when I can talk about it you guys are
you excited too because it's awesome and
then I actually went to a panel tonight
for young people working in television
industry all about digital content and
making digital content and different
types of digital content which was
actually really interesting again I
couldn't relocate because I was like on
stage being asked questions about
content and stuff but I'm gonna sneeze
it's true MA but ya know so that went
really really well
I've now checked into my hotel again I'm
in the Great Northern Hotel in Kings
Cross which is one of my favs the room
looks exactly the same it's like their
teeny tiny rooms but I just love the
location and I love the bathrooms so
that's where I'm staying tonight because
it's currently half past 9:00 I've just
got back from the panel I'm gonna rush
out to the station to see if there's
anywhere so
and 90's and dinner and then I've got it
upload a couple of videos and tomorrow
I'm going to a press conference for the
Edinburgh Television Festival I don't
know what the exact name of it is but
the big TV festival that happens in
Revere
I'm on a panel for that in I think it's
all good so September I can't remember
exactly where pretty sure it's August
and so we have it's like it seems like a
long way away right now because
everything's just been so busy so I have
a press conference out in the morning
and then I'm heading home Mike Ashley
when it picked up my car from the
station and apparently there's like not
but I don't think there's much damage
he's taking its garage and got it looked
at so that's good but all in all today
has been pretty freakin manic if I'm
honest in the car crash got a cold
meetings hectic hectic I'm gonna go find
some food now and then I'm gonna get
some sleep because with jetlag I have a
feeling that I'm not gonna like waking
up at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow morning which
is when I need to get wake up to get
ready because my cab is coming at 8:20
and I need to get a vlog up before then
so that's why I'm like five days
uploading my vlogs I'm sorry I've been
rubbish this month guys it's lit she's
just been with the time difference and
everything being so busy and Coachella I
just got really behind and I feel like I
lost a day like every week and then I've
ended up like five days behind so it has
been a bit hectic but the content will
go up eventually and I hope you guys
like it I'm gonna get some food out come
along I hope I can get some sushi I feel
like sushi surprise surprise OMG I
walked up to the sushi place and it had
just closed not impressed but I did
manage to get prepped I've got some
tasty snacks in there which are
different to my normal snack - super
exciting and the going prat she kind of
made my evening he made me laugh but you
can see that I was kind of like oh so
tired so hungry
and when I paint here's like have a good
weekend and I was like take that moment
to think like Mondays she said no it's
definitely one day like kind of funny
anyway the small things in life we're
gonna eat this now get my video up and
go to bed so I just discovered another
cool thing about this hotel which I kind
of knew before I've never explored it
because I left pret and then realize I
had forgot colory and then I remembered
they told me they have a parent rate on
each floor I walk in and there's like
everything there's an amazing coffee
machine and loads of coffee tea pigs tea
which is so my favorite cake dangerous
wagon wheels retro caramels retro and
one Apple left is quite late at night
and sweeties best thing ever trying to
resist kissing that up tonight
definitely tempted by Victoria's there
is what I got for my dinner
I got a macaroni cheese with prosciutto
which I have never had it looks good I
feel like in one of those days I need
something carby and cheesy and then I
got a super fruit fruit salad and I pick
me up shot of blue berry and pomegranate
juice because I thought it would be good
for my cold I also got a yogurt pot for
tomorrow morning because I know I've got
to start early and I will not have a
chance to have breakfast I'm gonna pop
this in the menu a fridge if there is
space and be set oMG guys I couldn't
resist it this is so retro I haven't had
one of these since I was a kid
but I swear they've shrunk I know
obviously I've got bigger since I was a
little kid but I swear wagon wheels have
shrunk and I'm not entirely sure about
the new design I think I prefer the old
design with the actual wagon on it also
catching up on the returned which is a
Netflix remake of the French series it's
really really good I would definitely
recommend checking it out on Netflix I
think I'm on like episode 7 it's
currently being released which really
annoys me because I can't binge watch it
but it's actually good for productivity
because if I've been to watch things I
generally don't get anything else done
as I'm sure anyone else who is a member
of Netflix knows how it goes anyway I'm
gonna go to bed now because it's
probably late hdl-c I will speak to you
guys tomorrow and hopefully be able to
vlog a little bit more tomorrow than I
have done today and yeah I hope you will
I hope you all have had a great day and
I'll see you
okay hello everybody I'm back in England
and I'm with Md yeah mic pick me up from
and what the sunshine is really bright
it is actually by it's not be being
sneezy is it you thing is breaking
