hello everybody I'm back in England and
I'm with Md yeah Mike pick me up from
and what the sunshine is really bright
it is actually why it's not be being
sneezy is it you've seen his bright
another tip is might pick up from the
aeropuerto this morning managed to bag
my three seats in a row and sleep the
whole way back but I still feel like
death we are now whoa hello
on our way up to York for Lacey's
birthday
Lucy's birthday is today and she's
having a little get-together tonight to
celebrate and I didn't want to miss it
so we're going straight up it may be bad
company at the party I have to say
because at the moment I feel like that
just stop for a little snack I have a
snack pack of tapas style trip though
nuts and cheese my brain isn't
functioning at normal rate today I feel
like a zombie I've missed you though if
you is me like a hole in this let's get
on the motorway so I've got a
concentrate what have you been doing I
didn't like playing with what sort of
things really
they are monstrous a very exciting night
tomorrow I can't wait to see the piggies
bark at you little oh we have arrived in
York it's rainy it's miserable I'm
officially back in England but we're on
our way to see Lizzy and feeling
slightly more awake I'm feeling slightly
more awake now after like three hours
sleeping in the car Paul Mike good chat
I had great chat with you it went
something just almost I was even here
lucky this is like a castle or it
properly as a castles event is it castle
I don't know this train station
delightful in the rain just to know
these things
I don't know I've only ever been to
actually you know what I've been to York
once before and I did I think I stayed
in this somewhere around here I remember
coming on the train going in some nice
blossom up there some cherry blossom
baths sadly it's all gonna be disappear
with this rain and then check out the
Cathedral very ethic and we just turned
off for now we are going down yeah
York's actually really cools I'm really
old school looks like the whole town is
made of castle so we are approaching the
zone I believe Lucy should be outside
somewhere apparently there she is I can
see her I can see like how excited she
is hey guys so I was a very bad robber
yesterday and I did not
vlog anymore after we got to this place
basically we ended up going out for
dinner
we ended up we've had plans to go out
for dinner and we went with that like 15
20 people most of whom I hadn't met
before
all weren't like comfortables fionna
vlog so I didn't vlog anything yesterday
but I had such a good time it actually
turned out there were like there was me
Lizzie and then two of our best friends
from school and we very very rarely all
get together so it was so nice just to
kind of have fun and just relax together
so I didn't vlog it I'm sorry a nap
yeah and they're also like like I said
like ten other people that I'd never met
before so it's kind of an awkward
situation to vlog anyway we had a great
time feeling a little bit worse where
today definitely did some dancing and
had a really nice home in York but today
I'm in my hotel room Mike's going to
pick up the girls because he left his
car at Missy's yesterday and he said
he's got a taxi over there he's gonna
pick it up and then pick up the girls
and they come over for brunch which
should be good slightly lost my voice
through lots of talking and laughing but
it's all good I thought I would show you
my hotel room before we go we're staying
in hotel Devourer which is a chain that
it's really nice cute chain in York so
this is the room the beds are the masks
because we just slept in it all for
yesterday actually doesn't look like a
bad day outside it's meant to be really
miserable today but there's some blue
skies out there definitely yeah so we
have like a little wardrobe and a desk
I've just packed up all of our luggage
which looks slightly ridiculous when you
turn up to a hotel to stay for one night
and you have this much luggage but what
can I say I've been away from home for a
while we have like a little corridor
down there a mirror hello
and this is our bathroom which i think
is really creepy it has a black toilet
seat I've never seen that before
I like the black tiles black toilet
seats go straight into her little outfit
today as well really quickly this is a
t-shirt that I got from j.crew when I
was in America it's stripy and then it
has sparkly sparkly bits on the side if
it will focus sequins pretty I really
like this a lot
and then my jewelry the two necklaces
are from Madewell which i also got on as
an america and then my bracelets one of
them I got in Dallas which is the Borbon
and bowties one with the arrow head
focus my camera's being slow here we go
and the plane band is from made world as
well and I have all my black jeans and I
actually have all my trainers to which I
wouldn't normally wear with this outfit
but I ended up giving my shoes to Lisi
last like as she came out in some
ridiculously high heels and Mike and I
ended up leaving a little bit earlier
than everybody else
so I swapped shoes with her so Lizzie
has my little boots
I would have worn with this so yes
that's what I'm wearing trainers I think
Mike may have just texted me and I it's
my mom we'll walk the dogs are yours
can't wait to see the dogs this
afternoon I really really can't wait I'm
so excited um yeah so Mike should be
here in a minute
and I'll show you guys lunch I'm so
thirsty I swear I did not drink enough
water on the plane yesterday because I
like passed out and select first time
normally I'll drink like a full big
bottle of water or a lot of little
bottles but I drank like two cups one
like with each of the meals on either
side when I was awake and didn't like
drink any whilst I was sleeping because
I was asleep but yes I feel a bit
dehydrated so yes I'm gonna go and chug
some water so we're sitting here in the
sunshine and we had that moment of
waiting an hour for your food after you
order it when you're already really
hungry so we have the moment when it
arrived of pure excitement I got some
mussels and some chips everyone else is
here in the sunshine eating Jess's looks
really good actually that's great isn't
it club sandwich got burgers at the end
and not your like Bailey your hot dog
looks like the worst order disappointed
tasty I am gonna eat these hard I don't
know how you eat something hard I'm just
gonna do we are home home home home home
I'm super excited be home we are just
feeding dogs now we're gonna take it for
a walk I thought you guys in ages and
ages and ages they're like give me the
food we didn't force it hasn't it was
another yeah we did we may oh my god
there's about fence by up it's always up
there it's the same spiders I keep
telling Mike to get out of the house and
he leaves it and it's Davis wanna be in
creepy but I don't want it also might
crawl into our mouths at night exactly
we just started sleep on the sofa and
that is what
mom and dad to scream over haven't seen
them in ages and generally just reveling
in the fact that I am at home and with
my cute baby bears that's controversial
you fed piglet fast always people first
I always feed her last so I've been gone
for two weeks but look at the difference
you know here we're are saying all
daffodils are coming out they've come
out and most of them have died and it's
just grown so much in the summer we let
all of this grow out into like meadow II
stuff and the dogs freakin love it so
yeah it's gone crazy it's so cool
spring has sprung since I left the
garden is looking lovely miss MDF you
can tell my expert in the garden a lot
since I think God there you go you're
born with this stuff is that you lose
piglet in it because she's so small look
at all the bluebells squidge it's so
pretty
where's piglet lost her in the bluebells
so nice it's such a nice day the weather
was meant to be bad today and I came
back just in time for the good weather
to see my puppies and walk them in the
bluebells there she is done this little
pig I can see that floofy pom pom pom
hello pussycat
Rowley what are you doing doing hey
nobody like stand up she gonna do it the
nurse growl and baby's here now she's
not doing it today she rolls around
rolling in a Sun in the mud in the Sun
they always come for walks with us
they're like dogs you like dogs so we
come first and it's Sunday night now
those people
today I think just like it's messing
with my eating timings but got some
chicken I'd like split mine up I always
take the sides off the plate to make
more room and my cousin chicken you and
mum and dad haven't seen you guys in
ages China and then I went to America
we're having our typical Sunday night in
I'm actually catching up on Poldark
Mike's working and I just wanted to show
you guys how ridiculously cute you guys
are
hello everybody po gir you are
ridiculous you're gorgeous tricky trees
as if per usual is on her lonesome hello
Ruthie you're beautiful is you I've
missed you I've missed you I am going to
paint my nails now but I'm finally back
in my room it's gonna be so good to her
she sleep in my own bed tonight I'm
gonna say goodbye here and again sorry
this vlog has been like a couple of days
much together because it's really been
kind of crazy and busy but I will see
you again tomorrow I'm off to London
poor old Mike is getting left again I've
got a few things to do in London
tomorrow so they will see you then
Oh bye bye epic cows we're leaving
Baxter is pulling out the garage I'm
locking up and we are going home we go
this way lock up this way
