bye-bye epic cows we're leaving
Baxter is pulling out the garage I'm
locking up and we are going home we go
this way
lock up this way key we're going to
Santa Monica to do should be super cool
we'll miss you can we move in sometime
we made it to the beach parked a car and
we are now on our way to get roller
skates I think I'm gonna get a bike
because otherwise I may injure myself
Baxter is like the pro roller skater oh
yeah we have an hour gonna have some fun
let's do it look at this guy doing the
rings on the beach this is amazing he
has got mega skill he's like it's like
planet of the able frickin see that
seriously his arms are gonna hurt
tomorrow whoa check out my right at the
beach so silly this is how we roll you
guys suck rollerblades not cool nice you
guys suck I could be way faster than you
Becky's away oh gosh now I'm faster than
you
racing the beach sweet Oh someone's
overtaking
with my pizza such a nice day now it
wasn't sunny earlier to bridge could
have got even cooler and rented segways
not learning tricks like this you look
like a dinosaur
I get t-rex that used to be me now this
is me but you want to see something even
worse rolling rolling baby heavy load
pulling back through Venice right now we
are going to catch our flight I'm sad
the Sun is that was so awesome
definitely do this again next time I'm
an alien it was like so overrated but
it's awesome
sneakily upgraded I really hope so
overnight that one with the wedding
dress and was dying didn't work we're
stuck in economy well we weren't doing
it obviously she upgraded but we didn't
get graded look at these two lovebirds
behind us this is so fun let's do this
every time we come back oh my god check
out this guy on this rope he is insane
he has mad skills give himself a wedgie
mad skills
we're geologists so cool take a
trampoline Rome Oh super sad right now
cuz we're saying goodbye
see you soon though now in the airport
after quite a stressful experience
trying to fill up the rental car
returned the room actually it was okay
but without checking traffic on the way
to the airport and like a 15 20 minute
drive to no it's fine we're here now and
we are having each got some French onion
soup it smells very cheesy some chips
Beck's has got the same there she is
guess we've got stuck in the security
check as well in my case TV back then
you got stuck in security we were to go
and get frozen yogurt last night and we
didn't actually have time every time I'm
in LA I always always get it and then we
did it this time I kind of felt a bit
bummed about it but we get to the
first Airport treat ever got so much
peanut butter going on back this was
like two dollars like I got fat how
happy are you right now
good morning everyone welcome to another
day in sunny LA we are cruising in
Hollywood extras at the wheel as usual
she's the chauffeur but yeah we are
currently going
