good morning everyone welcome to another
day in sunny LA we are cruising in
Hollywood extras at the wheel as per
usual she's the chauffeur but yeah we
are currently going through a Hollywood
this is what it looks like right now
sand blue sky it's very nice we are
heading to the Beverly Center this
morning because we've got a couple of
things you want to pick up that still
wants to go to Body Works and we want to
go to Spore everyone else so we have a
couple of hours to do that super quickly
smash-and-grab and then oh that is the
noise of us and then we are heading for
a meeting with style hall or network out
there which is gonna be awesome because
I really love the girls that are based
in LA and I see them quite beautycon and
stuff but you can see that I am here
not as was happening
otherwise we don't know we're gonna see
where the day takes it we are in the
mall we've got coffees and we are ready
to attack the shops I love coming to the
shops so there's like nobody here it's
so quiet there's like no one apart from
a guy with face masks on which I don't
know who is gonna catch and there's
nobody else here there's like three
people in the whole mall let's go shop
shopping mission accomplished very
successful we got all of our bits that
we needed we're now driving to back to
Hollywood to meet the soundhole girls
for lunch I am actually really craving
sushi I'm kind of hoping they might
suggest somewhere Japanese or Asian or
something although let's face it nowhere
will be as good as the ramen the other
night that was out of this world I'm so
hungry
we had like a mini muffin each for
breakfast actually it was like a quinoa
breakfast bite from the Coffee Bean and
Tea Leaf and it was really good really
weird like quinoa in like a muffin thing
thanks to how do you have a banana
I still feel starving not enough it was
like this big so we made it just in time
got some awesome sushi we've jumped back
in the car we are now heading to the tea
place the American to UM to get some
brioche tea sorry I didn't vlog lunch
we're kind of just all chatting and
everything and obviously those guys
don't eat you cheaper so well they kind
of do YouTube but behind the scenes so
yeah we're now driving back through
while we were to Beverly Hills and going
to get our favorite tea in the world we
are what we gonna do if they for an hour
you're really nervous
they won't know I think happened they've
got tables outside tea time this is what
it looks like a house big star on its
you which I didn't realize before the
tables before we like regulars not
regulars look who we found in the tea
room that's not tea what did you guys
get what is this thanks the roasted fig
we're hot chocolate that sounds like a
good mixture what did you get Oh fancy
I'm just a pound of brioche tea I think
it's gonna last me a while just maybe a
little while can I try this yeah so good
oh it's really heavy I'm like
that's good
wait for the aftertaste wait for the app
to taste good so we're now taking a
little walk along Rodeo Drive not buying
anything because we're not fancy enough
but yeah they look at the palm trees I
love really a drive just for window
shopping
there was just a really awesome one
that's like turquoise turquoise
Lamborghini I liked it a lot but yeah I
think we myself into Barney's and then
who knows what a day may take it we have
a feast going on right now check now my
meat I think I've been shot of the meat
from where I'm sitting to be honest so
chase you've got salad pickled stuff not
entirely sure where everything is meat
mushrooms onions yeah we are last night
in LA sad times we ate a lot of Korean
food so my tummy is feeling happy
I love kimchi so much so the best thing
in the world I feel like eating too much
may be bad fever and if it is I
definitely ate too much I'm slightly
concerned about having it's all gonna be
good Becky you got to sit next to me so
we're home now oh who's that we're
having a nice chai tea latte break with
Tati she's pops along and puka shell the
little fluffy white dog he's been super
cute he's been like running around going
crazy we are making try lattes and these
are so tasty though the Keurig ones they
just come and we do not get stuff like
this anything that I wish we did they
have so yummy
a little nighttime cup of chai if I
don't spill it
it's so good it's good right you like it
surprisingly sweets you are like not in
focus right now there we go
my hello sweetie I was not expecting it
to be basically dessert it's delicious
this is gonna be the last time you guys
eat our tea for a while so say goodbye
we're gonna miss you down in the
countryside so I'm just getting to bed
on my last night in LA I'm actually
really sad to be leaving we just said
goodbye Stassi and James which is always
sad because I love spending time with
them and we don't get to see each other
enough because they live here and it is
so far away but I'm super excited to get
home and see Mike and the dogs I'm also
going straight up to York that day we
get back so Saturday morning for my
friend this he's birthday party which
should be super exciting but yeah my
voice is like gone a bit funny and he's
a lot of talking today but I'm gonna
call it a night and my eyes are so tired
I'm like struggling to keep awake I'll
see you guys tomorrow for our last half
a day and I'll fly it home I've got
loads of other things to do in the
morning we're gonna try and be in back
here gonna try and film a video so I
think we're getting up at like 6:00
something like that and then we're gonna
try and go to the beach and go
rollerblading to get the most or make
the most out of our last day so you
never know I feel so full from that
Korean barbeque still it was like
intense I've had such a good time on
this trip I don't want to be over it's
one of those things that I spent so long
forward to this and then it just
disappears in the blink of an eye anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow I hope you
all have a great day bye good morning
everybody we are on our way to Costco
because we're having a barbecue tonight
with some of our friends from LA PK is
driving he's got a very interesting
