good morning everybody and welcome to a
new day today we are on our way to
Costco because we're having a barbecue
tonight with some of our friends from LA
PJ is driving he's got a very
interesting wale jumper on today and
Kendra's in the front seat navigating we
are off the heat we left Brooke your
home because Nikki's coming to us at
11:30 which is in like an hour and 20
minutes so we've got to be quick this is
gonna be like a ninja hit on Costco
we're gonna get we're gonna get alcohol
we're gonna get extra plate captain that
was a good film I like that only in
Costco can you get only in America we've
got many snacks we're gonna have a
massive barbecue yes we have a lot of
food and napkins and plates not this
many people are coming I don't have as
many friends
so I'm in the back of a different car
right now can you guess whose car I'm in
are they had to laugh they blatantly
love tarty is here next to me when Becky
was squished in the back of Nikki Bella
private parties I was trusted to drive I
feel like that there's a lot about
speaks for itself you wouldn't put your
life in my hands Firth is in the front
and Kendra stayed at home because she
had work to do we are going to get some
lunch / breakfast which I can run data
turns you don't actually get we have a
name anyway it's actually a Google
self-driving car it is I did a how I won
mine is the self drive to Park Avenue
that's all I would I'm happy original to
one day afford like in demolition man
could anyone else have that movie where
they have the cars to drive we're in
serious right now and these guys this is
like last-minute planning for a video
because we'd plan to do it and then we
like forgot Nikki forgot and and these
two are like haven't planned in advance
so we are buying some Phillips just
along for the ride this is what happens
with youtubers PK sweet potato fries but
I also got a tortilla soup which doesn't
eat fat your bran out of my soup
this is parties favorite tortilla soup
doesn't exist in England but it looks
great
cos we've got the same philip went for
the healthy option with shrimp like you
got soup Nikki got tacos yes good a
mixture one of they like chicken
behaviors chicken and salmon
Yaman bad blogger today so I want to do
a quick update of the set up for the
party there's a few people here already
but more people are arriving so I wanted
to show you the food we have condiments
obviously there are some buns some
salads I made this one it's like a
watermelon feta one and then Kendra's
may a kale sprout salad which looks
really good we have some limes plates
and stuff obviously and then I marinated
some chickens so this is like a spicy
like spicy hot sauce like Perry Perry
style and then we have some pesto
chicken here that's marinating as well
we have some giant portobello mushrooms
some asparagus some peppers which I've
never had peppers like this before do
these go home ok cool I didn't know if I
needed to chop them up and I like took a
chance didn't chop them up we have some
cheese for the burgers and then we have
some like humungous burgers Kendra's
here doing some washing your hair looks
really nice a night and what are you
making hitos well I got limes for the
beer
okay limes for the beer oh we can put
some in throw it in I didn't know what
you wanted it for so yeah let's put that
in we've got cups here is the rest of
the kitchen everybody's chilling outside
the guys are trying to light the heater
which is not being very successful we
have cheese and crackers and the
beautiful view if you guys can see the
Sun is setting I seriously want to move
here so bad the barbecue is happening
yeah the food poisoning BBQ situation
right now has got pretty intense Philip
have you got enough food sighs five
hours later so the party's over
we're all sad we ate lots of food and
now we are destroying the leftover
guacamole I made well me and PK made
this guacamole on our own knee on our
own it was
yeah like the extra and we have some
watermelon so I had a really good time
I'm super sad I'm gonna be leaving LA in
like two days
I don't maybe stay forever but yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow morning this is
weird like swinging I bet this looks
really weird I'm not sure what's going
on tomorrow at already we have lunch and
we might get to Disney one what you're
shopping who knows there's just too much
stuff going on see you tomorrow bye good
morning everybody and welcome to 21st of
April today it is 21st right now the
22nd yeah today we are chilling in our
pad
