good morning everybody and welcome to
21st of April today it is 21st right not
the 22nd yeah today we are chilling in
our pad Philip has decided this morning
he's gonna play chef and he has been to
Ralph's and bought many things he's like
oh I got all organic I got organic milk
organic butter organic organic flour
table set table syrup tables only in
America is syrup stand enough to have
table Sara going no just on the table
that bacon looks like why is it so white
extra fatty bacon flour just in case we
didn't have enough flour you've got a
lot of flour eggs and he was like oh you
know what like just because pancakes
aren't enough food I'm gonna get some
fried chicken as a starter for breakfast
it's currently about 9 10 o'clock in the
morning look like I'm in a house with
three girls I'm gonna buy them all fried
chicken for breakfast I think it's a
good thing I'm gonna try something show
some action is going on in the kitchen
right now look at that when did you
learn to correction from the backs that
looks good
only Americans put bacon with pancakes I
think it's a bit weird and fried chicken
fried chicken goes with everything
they're right maybe not it was actually
really good I didn't eat a bit this is
the mixture with the blueberries there's
some kind of rave music going on I've
had my headphones on either signature
something to just what juicy
did you see ever look at this baked and
this is insane we don't get bacon like
this in England really look how crispy
it goes okay so good got the pancakes
PK's gonna do the triple flip this music
it's music is intense are you ready yeah
turn off the gas there we go ready it's
like a ninja
I cannot flip pancakes to say my life is
ready that is such a ridiculous stack of
pancakes pk has pancake skills there's a
lot of filming going on on all sides
right now let's eat
so Baxter and I have made a little trip
to Target and bought lots of food well
actually I swear because they come to
the States but a lot now the type of
things I buy changing
I'll show you guys later why bought but
I buy different thank you much either no
but I'm very restrained I have really
specific things I wanted those from your
mum so now we are heading in to alter
well who else is actually really hard to
find I feel like we may not be quite as
restrained it's like a party going on
out here
fellow we might not be quite as
restrained and alter as we were in
target let's see how we get on we have
finished our shopping now we have a good
pile of bags there and we are now
sitting having a little bit for very
late lunch is like five o'clock in the
afternoon we're a place called Mike
kitchen I've never been here before but
it was just an ulcer so here we are we
ordered some good food I'm gonna show
you I got the quinoa crunch Bowl it
looks amazing there's like hummus and
quinoa avocado and hot sauce and radish
and cucumber and rock it back - got her
- with veggies and says and gluten free
which is always good and said she want
my radish it's two radishes with spicy
well it's not okay because it's not
NOLs radishes horseradish this is just
radish
it's not spicy it's not spicy at all we
are now chilling in Santa Monica we have
reconnected with the other side of the
groove Oh every time I turn he doesn't
always do that she's well as having
cameras right this is what he's super
serious normally this is where we are
right now some live music going on with
some vintage cars we've got some
cocktails and generally having a good
catch up about the day you've been to a
film set have you not do they let you I
just got off the set of officer down
really cool very violent extremely did
you see any of the violent I saw water
violence
I saw body parts all the relays blood
all over the place
fake body parts yeah exploding heads it
was great cool really really cool so now
civilized gathering with Strawbery pin
is this as good as freely no it's good
but he's a good chance I guess
to another chance chance chance I have
to zoom in and show you guys the dog I'm
like zooming in in your faces now sorry
girls the dog in the back of this car is
so cute I want to take him home to be
piglets friend we're on our way to get
ramen I haven't had really good ramen in
a long time and the place we're going to
it's meant to be one of the best places
in America for ramen
I am excited I'm hungry and that is all
for now
so we've currently taken a seat and are
waiting for a seat in the ramen
restaurant which is called Fujita
apparently this is like the best ramen
around we've been chatting to a guy a
little groom who was sitting here he's
now gone and he said it's like the best
ever more we have a heater it's noodle
ramen long noodle ramen we've ordered
and are we waiting and I went in to go
to the loo and it looks amazing
oMG they don't do ramen by halves they
do it by double - oh we discovered an
ice cream
which I don't know I don't know it's
gonna be like this is what it looks like
in here tasty flavors let me show you
when it comes I don't need any more
black sesame with salty caramel brittle
and coconut sauce and we also got this
one looks bigger this is huge and this
is some peanut butter flavor with
cinnamon flakes and caramel sauce they
look insanely good the moment of truth
this is black sesame a look at the
texture oh there's no one expected is it
good
because we operate /
it was called the tomato Bank this is
legitimate bank but their vacuums we've
got the Eagles this is so not funny
we're just being ridiculous but if the
bank baby like two hundred dollars worth
of tomatoes and pull out any cash shows
like be happy what you wish for a Mike
that's one of those nights if we just
got back to the house Becky's going to
bed and piqu√© and Kendra aren't back
yet I think they took a slower route but
I just want to show you guys what I
bought today it's like a mini haul I'm
not sure if I'm gonna do a little video
I might do one with Becky but I'm not
sure yet I bought a couple of treatment
masks from caviar one of the match is
actually like that's Becky Ann says wash
out and the other one is not brush
cleanser I also picked up a mini perfume
which is love swept by philosophy and I
really loved this and then I realized
after I bought it it smells just like
the Taylor Swift I think it's a Taylor
by Taylor Swift one smells just like it
and I really have that but it's good for
traveling no wonder I like it it's like
one of my favorite perfumes so dumb and
then I also got some shower gel from
Sonia Kashuk this is the purple
seduction it smells so yummy and I got
the Eau de Toilette in the same scent as
well it's Julie and if you guys get the
chance to go to Target or definitely
recommend smelling this I love the
packaging as well I think it looks so
nice and expensive and it's not great
stuff
those were gonna see nail polish in
garden variety which is a really pretty
kind of turquoisey bright blue for the
springtime and then i also got a brush
set from sonia kashuk
this was a really good deal is about $35
I'm hoping my gonna be good I really
like the design of them and I haven't
had new brushes in a long time so I
thought it might be nice to treat myself
to some new brushes whilst I was out
here so a fairly kind of moderately
sized tall but a few bits and bobs
that's going to be able to say guys I'm
gonna see you tomorrow we're actually
having a barbecue at the house Y which
I'm super excited about so I'll take you
guys along that journey with us and I
hope you'll have an amazing thing bye
everybody
welcome to the 2000 the satnavs really
loud we don't have to turn it down so I
do apologize it's gonna be talking over
us basically today we are leaving Palm
Springs
