morning guys it's like 5 in the morning
now I had such a weird night honestly my
voice is terrible I look terrible
forgive that please hi
cept there and then I realize we've got
to leave in right o'clock so I woke up
and TAS pack kind of my focus on the
camera thing really bad reason is off
and now I've woken up again at 5:00 and
and then I'm packing again because I
haven't practiced oh my goodness this
pile of clothes is a bit of a crazy
situation falling time call face mask
corner at 5 a.m. guys am I crazy
probably a little bit at this point the
new kills one which is a calendula and a
low soothing and hydration mask
definitely things I need right now
I love the other key of masks the orange
and green ones came out last year so
thought forgiving it coated it was in my
bathroom yeah I'm getting there the
clothes have gone off the bed good sign
I just washed my hair and I'm feeling a
lot better about life now before I dried
it my room service breakfast just
arrived because we're leaving quite
early today so ordered some room service
that is getting breakfast at hotels and
I ordered the fruit plate guys check
this out
how is this even a fruit plate for one
person that until like fruit for two
weeks saying goodbye to my beautiful
views I'm going to miss you Palm Springs
oh man these jeans are tight today after
a week of LA and Coachella stuffing my
face I'm going to do my outfit of the
day anyway I have on no makeup because
my eye still really really sore and
streaming not happy I don't know what's
going on there
yeah my hair is just like a dried as
well and then I have on this jacket
which is all same love it
such soft leather and then I have on
this little t-shirt which I'm not ready
to say good
I to catch Elliot's got pineapples on it
and then I've got my Topshop waxed Jamie
genes which are seriously seriously
tight you know and you're like who
they're very tired today and then I have
a little thing loose which happens
hastily tassel on the back like a white
one life stuff on my boot and all of my
other luggage is already downstairs
because I've done a couple of trips
already but this is my last one and I
got my bag I actually really really like
this bag with this jacket I think it
looks really nice emergency beef jerky
for the journey made it back to LA and
we're right by the airport were coming
sit in and out because we haven't done
it yet
and I felt a bit sad about it so this is
really like that cherry on top of the
trip actually been to this in and out
before because mike is that crazy about
in and out that we usually have to come
on the way back to the airport so all of
these people look keyed up you don't get
a line like that in McDonald the world's
miss Wilson and out last time
hell yes guys everyone is taking photos
of them so yeah Mary I'm sorry mind I'm
sorry I'm sorry way without you yes yes
yes
we're losing Emma so Levi we've lost
Anna and we've lost Jamie I've just been
asleep in the back of the car Bella wait
me and Alan are going back on their own
afternoon no totally we'll actually get
back so we have like five hours
also not $5 for three hours right yeah
long until we have to be back at the
airport so we've come to a bit Kitty and
we're going to have a little wonder
those palm trees and Reema's here being
a general legend having a dreamy actual
skills that's one of my favorite people
we found an allograft store I didn't
know these even existed this stuff is so
good just stopped off for a coffee at
Blue Bottle on Abbot Kinney and this is
their iced coffee it's amazing so good
found a kitty dress with piglet on it
actually has a printed picture it might
as well be pigley my feet are in extreme
pain guys so I've Cage and we're coming
from I haven't broken these boots in yet
and that she narrow so I'm trying on
these - what do you think I thought
sometimes and they're so comfortable I
want to cry and actually like them in
now in the lounge and I wanted to come
and show you guys the cheese because
there's Alex you Anna who was pretty
excited about the cheese actually have
tons of food in balance kids pyramus
cute tiramisu rice pudding yum never
been into Klauss before and I genuinely
think they have the best selection of
food out of all airport lounges I've
ever been into Star Alliance lounge in
an act innocence
comments Bradley Bradley comment anyway
okay and went for a little trimmers new
rice pudding because why not ready to
take off super sleepy
I made it back to you guys these guys
were so excited when I came in the door
of Mike's not here so they've been home
alone this morning they were not
expecting to see me watch out be careful
guys new lot you getting all the fast
and you get another fast oh I missed you
I also forgot I left Mike this secret
Easter egg and I forgot to give it to
him but all dressed dropped it I forgot
to tell him and he didn't gain Easter
egg
what an idiot but I also got him there
in an hour
t-shirt which you can't see yet but I
think he's gonna love this so he gets
like a double Easter present and he's on
his way back now you excited about your
t-shirt Constantine my excitement
thank you little bit of sarcasm in your
voice that how rude I think this is
gonna cool not a line I turn it round
you may have oversized me read said
medium round
this is so cool you need a small and
terrible never finish my blog like
basically passed out on the sofa
something's never change so today is my
first day at home in a while and I feel
like crap I wasn't the dog you know
Sarah my dog Fido it's gone you know you
must be jet-lagged when you got socks on
with shoes that you're not mine I wear
socks with what was that the one doing
the snacks snacks
this is next time good bye
guys this looks so delicious I don't
know how you contain yourself
yeah also look at tree called pile of
dribble where she
and waited for her dinner alterique e is
my favorite part of being home getting
to walk these guys although we seem to
have lost treacle squidge is over there
treacle has done a runner piglets on the
lead I'm super sad though because all
the daffodils are dying we literally had
a sea of daffodils here and now they're
all dead sad time this one's just come
back from work we with ingredients for
dinner oh we've been it's now like
nearly nine o'clock and rendering normal
you've been playing golf after work but
here came back with ingredients for
dinner and thought that I might like
some pre-mixed gin and tonic if I'm a
classy lady like that look I don't wanna
this is probably happily relational
again I do have delicious yummy you know
what have you already know I have my
premix Gordon and fine with that that it
is Mike masterpiece of a dinner to be
fair my Chris looks amazing thanks love
I was sitting here watching Anna's vlog
from Coachella so Mike's seeing behind
the scenes oh I'm not very impressed
either piggy you know why cuz he's not
sharing his M&M busy and I have one
tooth at dawn it's gonna do to me I'm
getting water tomorrow ahead what I'm
going for summer customers I'm not going
to be sure this last year will be quite
a bit shorter okay
are you not likely not to divorce me the
feeling of my son that the ball off this
one may as well have been surgically
attached to me all day
no biggie do you miss Mooney she looks
annoyed did you miss me this week I miss
you choosing a movie what golly you know
what now I watch that on the plane you
was on a plane
what kind of amateur are you I've seen
it already regardless watch another
plane screen how really so into mango
green tea Mike's trying to put on Pete
McHale I don't want to watch Peter
Theriault Pacha went to our friends fish
and chips shop the other day that is
random four scenes in it well apparently
he's posted a picture piece of cake also
check you out I'm drinking mango green
tea which means I'm home we're not
watching Peter cake it's my favorite
time of the day
bedtime what's your problem
what's going on don't actually finishing
a vlog I'm yeah okay
hey Jer I'll see what's actually not the
correct able to dislodge them been like
three days loss Oh
looking like flu and I lost all that
time in yesterday I arrived terrible
we'll see you guys in the next vlog up
high
