good morning everybody welcome to the
20th of April while all I love after -
shell the satnavs really louder we don't
have to turn it down so I do apologize
it's gonna be talking over us basically
today we are leaving Palm Springs were
in the car back through nice driving so
she's been quite unconcentrated a very
very sensible
I'll show you sensible I'll show you our
car when we get there we have rented
another Mustang but this one is super
cool isn't it great
we're very excited about it and it's
brand new twos and brand spanker done
like 2,000 miles I feel like so he's
like I want one in England I actually
want one I think I think it will suit
you I think it'd be brilliant I have my
little head scarf off because obviously
the room comes up not like this inside
with the repot can't can't can't you
can't you see that guys this is our view
right now we have the desert and the
mountains going on in front of us and
we've just passed in American high
school and me and Becky were saying
about how much we do it on Canyon Drive
we got beeped at we got beeped at why
did I just don't know don't know but the
person behind just got really annoyed
that's just my way I hope they're not
like super aggressive it's a man
basically we were talking about how much
we would love to go to American high
school and Becky was like I would have
been a pompom girl like you mean a
Chili's a pompom girl pom-pom girl I
almost aren't you just see that as well
new technical term a poem called pom pom
pom pom pom pom girl Apollo Walker I
like a pom pom and I would have been so
happy sometimes I have so much energy
and I get so excited about things I just
thought if there's any cheerleading so
it's so suited to me I wanna be like
good morning good morning I got my
pom-pom be
be aggressive did you love I would
ideally watch and bring it on when
you're younger No oh my have you ever
seen it no oh my god I'm gonna make
Becky watch bring it on
Shirley it'll be on Netflix it's like my
was my favorite film when I was a kid we
would have been pop pop girls server I
definitely would have been can you
imagine me doing cheerleading no no
tells her hair and both pom-poms because
more you Beck's I would have been like
yeah open the grumpy one it doesn't I
did I feel like never went to a sports
gamers some pretty epic sure Sh
currently some epic views on our race
Thank You mrs. Anna got some static not
shut up so we've arrived our house that
we rented air B&B is my friend right now
because I'm not gonna lie this is the
suite is pad of ever seen look at the
kitchen
I want my kitchen to look like this oMG
so awesome so so awesome this is first
time I've ever booked anything by air
B&B and it is absolutely sweet this is
our view we've got a barbecue we've
caught outside sofas and sunshine and
the coolest part is it's cheaper than
getting a hotel
my friend Phillip and his girlfriend
Kendra are coming soon they're on their
way from San Cisco they're driving down
so we are staying here for the next four
days and basically having an awesome
time I hope restaurants nearby that is a
good question I am hungry we are
cruising in there sunshine Beck's is
right again we are going to Whole Foods
to get snacks and supplies and Whole
Foods right now getting snacks
- melon and coconuts chips and salsa
clearly is trying some salads against
she guess I've got a little DIY picnic
going on in the sunshine beautiful view
back there is enjoying hotel she's got a
little young coconut we've got some
amazing tasty spicy kale salad
chips and salsa guacamole freeze dried
beans I've eaten a few these already so
so hungry
and watermelon now we wait for PK to
arrive and they're going to miss out on
the snack and I think they got lunch on
the way but I'm still hungry what's the
time it's like three o'clock you look
very glamorous right now loving life I
want to move to LA
can we move backs I'm trying convince
Mike and the dogs shall we fly them out
let's just move in look it's a good deal
it's a little later now and we have some
additional members to the party hey this
is Kendra Phillips better half
clearly Phillip you have maybe met
before in previous blog you can escape
every way PK I like your hat thank you
so much only 15 years old so now we look
the same age we are going shopping
surprise surprise I think I'm gonna do
my best to make this blog what blog the
blog a bit more unconventionals have
learned both true self grew up with like
knowing me since I was like eight years
old she's like that annoying big brother
yeah but yeah no I think we're going to
the grand maybe
we're going to West Hollywood anyway
because we're going to eat it's my at
the restaurant there so we're gonna go
shopping Kendra do some shorts right you
need to locate the best shot short
shorts or like medium short shorts short
not that short it's nearly that short
but not quite this is crazy Hill's
driving right now I don't trust Phillips
driving not very good so we're working
down Melrose at sunset right now
Phillips talking about history of Frank
Sinatra we are going into a shop where
was Reformation which candle is fair to
you and I've actually had really good
things about his face I am excited to
see it we're now at the Grove one of my
favorite places
oh I need these in my life
currently lusting over things in apology
to you
I think it's fake cheese I'm not really
sure why you would have cheese in the
shop or whether you can buy the cheese
this is this is a new thing to me in
front apology I love these they look at
this whole cabinet is gorgeous but I
look at this bars jug even who use it as
a boss knees are so beautiful the cake
stand so nice we're about staff dinner
but we are stopping for cupcakes I only
did they have glue they had a gluten
free red phone yes blog the taste going
better
I'm so excited
good great amazing that says the biz
perfectly first reboot so we're grabbing
dinner in one of my favorite places see
in LA church on Sunset and West
Hollywood we are waiting for our table
right now this is the restaurant their
Specter is the other side P K's on his
phone antisocial so bad antisocial
we are ordering some cocktails right now
and they have Yoda's stuff
amethyst lavender gin sure oh wow I
don't know what Sharona is basil and
mint we're currently enjoying little
miniature things from the car little
diagram joy DK is Filipino a Filipino
problem and this we don't know it's a
hot pocket oh my god it looks good food
has just arrived there is an epic feasts
going on right now
PK got the snapper this smells amazing I
got tuna tartare we have a strawberry
salad I don't even know what these are
pierogies apparently they're like
dumpling potato things of some kind
they're Kendra's Bexar got the tikka
masala and this Oh Rhys that was the
most epic of meals
I feel stuffed and I'm super super tired
and everybody is laughing at me because
I was open
we're heading back to the pad and I have
fill it's hot cuz I'm gangster leather
my flower falls asleep her jaw drop her
drop her jaw drops open like a camel
like an like a camel sedated like a
sedated camel with pumped up on an
anesthetic check it out
but
hi guys and welcome to the 19th of April
April the force today we are going for
lunch we're actually starting the vlog
pretty packet here I'm like we we we
she's not here
but this is actually I'm gonna have to
put my shoes on
