hey guys and welcome to the 19th of
April April the force today we are going
for lunch we're actually starting a vlog
pretty Beckett here I'm like we we we
she's not here
this is actually I'm gonna have to put
my shoes on basically drama happened
last night
you know I filmed my feet when we got
back well it turns out they weren't
blisters on my feet they were bites and
if you guys hate bites don't look now
but my feet are in a pretty bad way
they're all like swollen up but the I
was gonna walk barefoot but the ground
is super hot so I'm gonna have to man up
all that is talking on the phone and put
my sandals on anyway we didn't start the
volatile but later today because Becky's
been filming a get ready with me and
we've just been chilling out and having
chats and having a nice breakfast and
now we are on our way to have lunch with
tarty and James we saw them yesterday
but it's gonna be really nice to hang
out and they've brought poker with them
to our hotel and so we're going to the
Mexican place we actually went there the
other day but I didn't vlog it but the
food was so good what's the moly
guacamole
um about the salsa I'm like obsessed
with salsa it's my favorite thing about
makes if I see
indeed the WIMP of bacon the spice wimp
over here I see you also had a spicy
was it a margarita spicy last night that
was super hot and she liked it I drank
my influence is rubbing off on you
Baxter so yes another beautiful day here
the mountains we're at Artie James they
by the lobby I came here a party I know
there's a rave I think we need to go to
the party pool later so we're sitting
here with the beautiful tarty and James
is here as well but more importantly the
special guests
we have some amazing chips and South so
whenever I come to Mexican I just want
to eat it yourself sir I don't want any
other food I could just eat them all day
I have a little white sangria which is
delicious and yeah just chilling in the
shade because it's way too much sunshine
BECs how excited are you right now that
she's making guacamole at the table I'm
chilling with the pooka who wants to
look that way now why do dogs always do
this whenever you film it might look the
other way I know we remember when you
arrived in America Fupa you may not
remember it we do so we're taking puka
for a little run around he could stretch
his legs outside a hotel room
apparently he goes crazy when he's been
reined in for a while it's like he's
like a bunny rabbit
we've just finished filming our outfits
for the morning and I am wearing my
favorite sunglasses in the world today
they're so amazed balls
hmm six squared better than any
expensive sunglasses I have ever ever
owned I love them we are now going to
the festival to see Marina and the
Diamonds and brand-new which I'm super
excited about cuz I was a huge fan of
them when I was like 16
so I'm also very excited to see Marina
because I think she's gonna call life
let's go on the shuttle
what do you like to do Becky just like
everyone's like what do we like to do
ate food they sleep all night we're on a
picture right now this five here is
sitting over there it's all good this is
the way to get around not walking kids
when you have to get the 500 mosquito
bites on your feet so this is the
Sephora ten it's really really busy in
here but there is
when you can like learn to contour and I
feel like get lip gloss and flash
tattoos with a vending machine
Samantha look at the wall of succulents
that's so cool
it's basically like a bar where you can
get like stuff done and face boss
like a vending machine
fairy lights we're on our way over to
watch marina and get a drink
we're drinking water right now it's so
hot loving the sunshine I think I've
said it's so hot in the last few days of
vlogging like about five hundred times
it just it's pretty hot in case you have
no message she's my favorite person
she's really cool we are now on our
where it's the brand new which my very
own stage basically all over the shop
pretty much but I've just discovered a
new bite which has turned into this so
like I'm just what what even is life of
each other I've been eating cash
I'm a walking casualty
so they're biting on my forehead is
looking decidedly redder
oh dear bite update we are getting some
weather right now we're going to which
forest machine I have a resource road so
I just got ice cream this is vegan raw
organic ice cream and it's coconut
flavor with almonds and caramel sauce
it's probably like the best thing I've
ever eaten so good and yes I got some
fries sorry share with ice cream and
fries is a great combination yeah and we
went as high as Pina ranch - that's like
- my favorite things together
so we're back in the room back in the
room we had such a good time
Florence from like the world Florence
and machine or just Florence whatever
you wanna call it was so amazing I have
always liked her songs but I've never
really been a massive fan but live she
is incredible seriously awesome
experience
we've just been packing up everything
it's like a super big mess in here now
Louie was all about all of our stuff
I've been treating my bites I literally
got back and ran like a super hot bath
and stuck my feet in it this is getting
worse by the minute
forehead got another one on my arm
actually eaten alive yeah my feet are
just discussing you don't even want to
see that yeah that's probably gonna be
out for the day see you guys tomorrow we
are heading to LA tomorrow we've rented
a super super cool house so like I have
the worth back then wise I'm so tired
it's been such a long few days like
really fun but also really really tiring
but yeah it was actually quite good as
why I met lots of subscribers at
festivals today which I didn't meet any
the last two days and then today I
probably met eight or nine by the end of
it but Leigh oh yeah lots of people was
really cool and yeah that's it eh I'll
see you guys tomorrow and I hope you all
have a lovely day bye surprise surprise
today is sunny we are going to breakfast
to eat some food right now not gonna
like we're already in a banana right
today I'm like me granny
I'm with the ground yoga jealous but
yeah I
