welcome surprise surprise today is sunny
we are going to breakfast to eat some
food right now not the light we're
already in a banana right today I'm like
my granny granny of Coachella's but yeah
I am very nice too hungry thanks my love
I'm not going to show it because going
in a video they go get a sneak peek yeah
the mountains are looking just as
beautiful as yesterday that's where it
would never get old waking up sunshine
every single day we did got banana and
an ice you had a hole because you're
weird and we start with our toes in the
pool and just had a little girly chat it
was brilliant that's about ten o'clock
and we're going to get breakfast with
everybody else and I can hear music
pumping already and some guys asked if
if we just got in when we were anyway
like I saw you man when we got back to
hotel account you would say like body
kappa all the way but did you guys just
get in we were like oh no we're grannies
we're granny so we're in this far right
now getting manicures my nails currently
look like this but they're gonna look
super cool afterwards we're using
new CRT colors for summer and their rose
gold so surprise surprise I love them
Baxter's here what are you doing like my
monochrome look it's waiting for them to
drive right now they are looking cool I
think they're gonna be really cool they
look funny because they have the
stickers look at my nails guys they look
awesome
let me see your specs sir he got black
and white baby super cool we are on our
way to a party for a brand called KITT
and ace which is started apparently by
the same people who started Lululemon
which is really exciting and then we are
going to watch hozier which I am so
excited about he's I think he's probably
the person I'm most excited to see like
yeah because I love him so good we're a
little bit late because we've just been
filming one outfit let's roll the dice
I'm like with my neon friend here so
bright so hot so sunny loving it got a
cool nails good times this is our rides
to the party this afternoon
whose how Becky rolls on a regular basis
stretch what is it stretch and TV I
guess in you get in you can apparently
I've heard on the grapevine there is
Barthel arias crack open the champagne
so we're just hanging the limo right now
as you do and as exciting news from the
hotel this is live it was a big Pierce
Brosnan
and who did you spot in this bowl yes oh
yeah staying in the same hotel we have a
little white sangria in the back this is
so good white sangria it's better than
red sangria is red ones yeah just ripe
for partying there is a logic this is
the coolest rearing sights I've ever
seen it is magical the balloons smells
very ballooning I love that smell oh
yeah it's like rubbery doing a modern
lemon guys here we go that's like so far
vodka and lemme tell ya it's just that
what do we get
that's literally literally and I'm I'm
filming your booty I'm competitive and
in it my boobs so these are my new
friends and I'm going to share my very
strong drink with it's a baby goat oh
hey actually pretty friendly he's like
interested hey anything you want to be
on YouTube yeah yeah I think piglet
would like to eat the baby goats I'm
taking one of my face shopping
but then they turn into big goats and
then they get the big the big horns and
then this bit that's bit scary I think
that one would have like a final treat
so you can would try and eat it and it
would headbutt Rico and impale her in
horns they are super cute though
don't you want to try the string I mean
try some it's not very strong Bacardi
eating three sliders so they are
basically a cheeseburger with no burger
I have some balloons right now
apparently we're all letting them go at
the same time
wait we wait for like something she just
gave me more now I have a lot of
balloons
we're going back through the jungle it's
not really the jungle rat a really cool
hotel actually this is the hotel has
drugs on the wall yeah it's pretty cool
by the drug side we have arrived back at
the festival we're on our way to meet
Artie I'm so excited we haven't seen her
since
um I'm so excited all about the palm
trees and meaty tality I don't even know
where we are
we got knocked off in some bizarre oh my
god we're a long way
look over there we are a long way away
we're nearly there it's like the dwarf
it's like a talk the dwarf affects the
closer it looks it's like it's still
like a mile away we walk and like one
minute so we're gonna miss the first
song and we're probably about to find
out here I'm stressing out it's so far
I'm is amazing good time
we are now on our way to the Rose Garden
which is apparently a very fancy area to
have dinner we hope and hope it was
amazing he is my favorite person I've
seen in the week this weekend so thank
you I think he looks much better with
his hair down down down yeah he is cute
he's got the whole Irish thing going on
I like it it is so cool look at the
roses I can't believe this exists have
festival this is like amazing
I'm also losing my voice just a little
bit this is what happens when you come
to Coachella with bloggers you see
everybody taking me look at this oh here
she goes
working go come on show some love to you
show some love this that is only
Coachella we like Coachella right so
many pictures like that heading to
dinner
look how beautiful it is behind you it's
amazing so we've just arrived for dinner
and it looks so magical it's beautiful
we were talking about wedding which I
miss so it started it means they're top
secret oMG so the first thing that I
have in this whole meal is this it's
like a freeze pop thing with alcohol in
it like a cocktail
the sausages arrived it's a spinach
salad with strawberries and blue cheese
it looks amazing this is a table party
is playing hostess for food is happening
right now this is so good this is the
most insane date cake date sticky toffee
pudding cake we enjoy dinner so much we
like embarrassing me that's actually one
whole group there but like
we've just got back to our room and I
wanted to show you I know this is gross
guys if you're grossed out by feet then
look away now but I wore sandals for the
festival today I'm not going to be doing
it tomorrow look this is like the worst
thing I've ever seen ever I'm jumping in
the shower immediately it is our first
official day in Palm Springs and we are
getting ready to go to Coachella
slightly overexcited I've been getting a
little bit crazy with the flash tattoo
we're sitting here getting some
breakfast
