good morning everyone and welcome to the
16th of April
today we're in their course I am with my
charm I guess what we are going to
Kitchener super excited the girls that
we are coming with mad she just got
stuck in security but we have come and
reserved the table gonna get breakfast
we're gonna get on our 11 hour flight
make it through the third flight in
three days I was gonna make a really
boring since last Wednesday if you know
it's been like a week definitely have a
long time I guess I think I'm gonna get
some scrambled eggs and smoked salmon
it's been quite an early start big news
guys
they have gunpowder tea sounds
suspicious it is good
says the T Expo and it's like it's not
real gunpowder is it spicy well you know
whoa let's do it
breakfast has a line you've got some
scrambled eggs
smoked salmon spinach which actually
didn't read her to realize came with
spinach but that is awesome
focaccia which is my favorite kind of
bread
we have forage or focuses and then the
last glass of orange juice that's not
well should have ordered by the may turn
over at best but we have begun and how
the tea here it's gonna be a moment for
fun I try there simply goes it better be
explosive see why do that at the moment
of gunpowder tree
I was like why it's your gun habits like
anyone if anyone knows specifically if
there's another reason
let us much good though I recommend so
up in the clouds tomorrow juice since
why choice I'm always
the Bloody Mary Mix one with spicy spice
effects - got the non spicy she's away
a little splashing spice it's quite
obtained
my
like I'm sitting on
three out now we made it well Bobo's I
can see
we're the one into ten million
all right our hotel every currently on a
golf buggy I'm so good it's so exciting
it's actually like a little house so we
have like the front door there's people
having pool parties outside obviously
it's safe for Coachella starts they were
like raping it up in their bikinis this
is our room got two beds always good I
want to share with you yes think you get
it's really cool I really love the the
bed I don't know how to headboard
it's quite it's like quite Spanish years
now yeah got a chair and we've got big
wardrobe massive mirror I've got like a
little coffee making station and the
bathroom is ginormous and we have a sink
each - hooray
so back 3d here's just been trying to
turn it turn the air-conditioning ducts
it's really cold in our room she walks
over and presses this button here which
apparently starts a fire get ready for
this get ready for it it made us jump
beat I didn't do it that time they
didn't have a gas buildup we don't think
we'll be needing that in the desert in
August August April what what what month
even is it is a fire mate careful it's a
gas fire luxury crazy kissing it's cold
in the window so dinner has arrived this
is probably the most it's
ridiculously size burger I've ever had
but it's also it looks amazing basically
it is buffalo chicken which one of my
favorite things ever got bacon it's got
cheese it's an avocado it's got a whole
chili on the top and a gherkin it
couldn't get any better right now we
have a pretty good setting very light
currently 12 minutes past 9 facts and I
are back in our hotel room I am fighting
the urge to fall asleep I know if I fall
asleep now I'm gonna wake up at like
2:00 in the morning my face is really
red I'm aware I've just washed it and my
eyes are like red from the plane I look
very flushed but um yeah we had a really
nice dinner oh my god my father was an
amazing new tasty but yes trying not to
fall asleep I know I'm gonna fail I'll
see you guys in the morning
for Coachella day one I am like restart
April force it's gonna become like a
cello divorce but not really I don't
know who knows I'm deliriously tired I'm
gonna stop talking now and I will see
you tomorrow bye bye you see I'm running
a little bit late this morning I'm not
late but I will be like if I don't do
this really quickly so today is a offer
cuddle in Canada nervous my hair is like
it's still half dry because of this
rubbish
