hey guys I'm running a little bit late
this morning when I'm not late but I
will be like if I don't do this really
quickly so today is the day off my panel
in Canada kind of nervous my hair is
like still half dry because of this
rubbish hair dryer and hence I'm a bit
late but I thought it would show you my
outfit today I'm really not sure about
this outfit my harness through it
together I also have my badge Fleur de
force Hey
so yes I am wearing my Urban Outfitters
like a dress with the collar so I'm
wearing it underneath this sheer top
which is from Topshop which I get rid of
the badge might be better and then I
have on this belt which is from All
Saints about a million years ago and my
forever 21 boots so if I can fit it in
that's what it looks like
I actually didn't plan any outfits for
cam I only planned for like a cello
because I'm only here for two days or
like a day and a half
I've got really sweaty top lip from hair
drying my hair yeah I'd like don't have
that much time here so I didn't really
think about it and then I was panicking
this morning and now I'm late I'm take
you guys with me you've seen me on the
mainstage it's gonna be scary it's gonna
be awesome
they usually do a week in my outfit
complete and it is very romantic
I'm gonna show you how to do this fake
science class or brain that Americans
will attract a music employed at the
fastest connection to the stars
just come out of the panel and it went
really well she was really a panel it
was more of a talk so you guys will have
seen some of that it's a pretty massive
stage but it was awesome everything went
really well and I am now walking down
the steps I can this is like where all
the celebrity catwalk at the can-can
Film Festival and where we were talking
was the actual like stage where they
show the films which is super cool so
people are going down to the beach now
maybe have some lunch and a drink of
something like that Sun has come out was
actually been pretty miserable this
morning but I feel like my skirt might
fly up on these stairs and it could be
really really embarrassing till my lunch
it looks amazing it's actually really
loud in this and I feel l see him I'm
filming on my phone
because I can never turn out batteries
surprise Bryce I'm not entirely sure
what everything is I know there's tuna
and peanuts involved and some kind of
sea bream or try it looks like trout
goes yellow but salads with what ships
coming this is where we are we are
leaving I'm super sad it's been like the
most well wind trip ever literally 24
hours in camp but it's been awesome the
Sun is still shining
I had burnt my nose slightly even though
I had factored 50 on it's a bit red
hopefully I'll be right back all right
listen moisturizer on it and yeah saying
goodbye on to the next place I'm sitting
in the airport right now and I've been
here for a while
I literally just I was about to vlog and
then situation just changed but I'll
tell you the story anyway basically we
got to the airport and they had over
booked the flight so we had to like wait
at the check-in desk we were like 2
hours early as well and we had to wait
for like 15 minutes to check in that's
they're like we're not sure if we bought
a ticket I'm like oMG I've got a flight
at like 7:00 in the morning tomorrow to
LA and I can't miss it
so anyway I ended up getting a ticket
the person I was traveling with ended up
getting corner waiting list and she
literally just got three on the last
ticket so I feel like I should have
logged earlier and I missed the angst
and they're like interesting stuff but
we made it we're getting on the plane
back to London it's been a while it was
like seriously 24-hour trip but um yeah
good stuff thank goodness that's like my
worst nightmare I was just thinking oh
my god if I don't get on flight to LA
the flights the moment is so expensive
as well I was looking into getting my
calf right to come out for the last four
days when we basically extended our trip
after to chose to stay in LA with some
friends and the flights were like 1,200
pounds for an economy flight which is
pretty much double what you can get them
for normally and so I was like freaking
out like oh my god I'm gonna have to
burn to the floor dude say yes we are
going
on this plane another 24 hours another
hotel room for me I'm in the Hilton at
Heathrow Terminal four and I am so tired
I don't know what it is about flying my
flight was like not very long but I feel
tired I think it's having lots of Sun
today and my little my schnoz got a
little bit pink it's white properly my
nose is always a bit red anyway but it's
not like probably I don't know I did put
factor 50 on um how much she's pretty to
Mike today
he's been playing golf at some fancy
golf place think so much trying to get a
hold of him order some room service and
then pass out I have to leave for the
airport
well I'm not going very far but I have
to leave the hotel at 7:30 tomorrow so
that's probably gonna be it for today I
I'm gonna put my PJs on order some food
i just opened a diet coke you know we
have that like diet coke moment where
you're like so thirsty and you open
fridge and it's like ice cold
oh it's had one of those moments like I
don't drink a lot of Diet Coke but
sometimes when you really need it it's
just like the most satisfying thing ever
to drink it's like fizzy and cold and
good and I realize I look kind of crazy
lying like this my hair kind of crazy um
but yes I will see you guys again
sorry about the rubbish quality my
camera ran out of battery because the
person filming the panel for me like
filmed the whole thing so that I could
choose which fits I wanted and I hadn't
liked charge my battery enough so it ran
out surprise surprise
I didn't charge my battery for life at
camera I know at least had phone in
charge of my phone either I'm useless
I need Mike with me at all times to make
sure I charge everything yeah that's it
guys I see tomorrow Mike good morning
guys
so I've arrived at Heathrow channel 5
it's currently like quarter to ten it
took full like two an hour and 10
minutes longer than normal took us a
long time to get here this morning
we left at like 7:00 in the morning so
yes
