good morning guys so I've arrived at
Heathrow Terminal five it's currently
like quarter to ten it took full like
two an hour and ten minutes longer than
normal took us a long time to get here
this morning so we left it like 7:00 in
the morning so yes not good
I'm just waiting for the girl that's
coming with me and then we are heading
off to nice I did think actually I think
you can fly too can I think can Aneesa
low right next to it next to each other
you fly too nice Airport and I just
found out there are only middle seats
left on the aeroplane so I do not get a
window seat so you don't get to see any
good views on the way in but hopefully
the sun is shining sun is shining in
england so fingers crossed it's
something the sun is shining in France I
know it's meant to be hotter here this
week than it is there which is really
frustrating Mike is very smug about it
so I've arrived in Karen we actually got
delayed in the airport a little bit so
it's taking a while to get here but this
is my hotel room just checked in on my
lonesome they have really hilarious like
candid red carpet photos from Cannes
Film Festival on the wall and there's
like really awkward look at this fun I
just find it really funny they just
don't really go with the deco obviously
because it's in can so yeah this is my
room I'm staying at the Carlton and this
is my view out of the window can't see
the beach but I can see the blue skies
are actually right on the beach and it's
such a nice day I'm so excited to get
outside here is the bathroom here is my
face I'm gonna freshen up now and then I
have to go and meet the guys from
YouTube and go to a dress rehearsal of
everything for tomorrow they say a dress
rehearsal it's a panel so I feel like I
don't really have to wear the same
clothes do I I hope not but yes I'm
gonna get changed I'll show you my
outfit before I go and then going to the
rehearsal quick little outfit the day
before I head off to the rehearsals I've
got a Revlon lipstick on it my skin has
been going mental I know you guys
probably can't see it in this I've
really don't know if you can but it
didn't like the flight either I've
literally got a rash all over my face so
I just read on my makeup and I have on
my little denim jacket which is from new
look my layered necklace is actually one
necklace from Free People then I have on
this
sundress which is from H&M my Rebecca
Minkoff tassel bag and then my forever
21 boots
this is what the whole look
looks like tada does the lipstick I have
on its from Revlon it's one of their
ultra HD lipsticks which I cannot open
with this hand all this and they'll just
put cream on my legs hold on a minute
there we go and it's in iris if you guys
can see the color it's kind of a coffee
color but really pretty not on another
note this nail polish I put on yesterday
is so horrible and bumpy it's one of the
new Rimmel ones the matte pastel ones
and it's chipped so badly already and it
applied so nastily not a fan we've just
come for the rehearsal right now it's
making me a little bit nervous for
tomorrow because I'm currently standing
on stage in the theater I can wear like
the real Cannes Film Festival happens
and it looks like this this is going to
be tomorrow and as you can see this is
where our faces go and clips of our
videos I can be played on there
oMG we left the rehearsal we're just
walking down what's this called across
it because it's on it and there's like a
majorly hilarious throwback to Charlie's
Angels they're like all along here as
well and it's such a nice day people
going to get drink now and then we're
going for dinner which I'm excited about
some really hungry it's like called
about 7:00 and I had like half a
sandwich for lunch wasn't enough we are
going for a drink on the beach look at
this place guys it's so beautiful such
an amazing evening going get
so we just had dinner and we're walking
along like the quad like it I've never
mmm across that and I didn't actually
blog a new dinner because we're
basically sitting with like 15 people
from YouTube so would've been like kind
of awkward even though they from YouTube
I feel like it's so awkward if I get
your camera out at dinner and be like oh
this is my fruit yeah walking back along
the street some fancy shops this is a
hotel we're staying in here actually
really beautiful there's palm trees
good evening I'm back in my hotel room
I'm in bed I'm super super tired I've
just taken my makeup off on my skin
feels so happy for it it's just honestly
oh so good I love that feeling I'm gonna
call it a day now I've gotta be up super
early for the panel tomorrow we have our
panel as like first thing I think it's
like 10:30 it starts but we've got to
meet in the lobby at 9:15 ready to go so
I think we should have some spare time
in Cannes more afternoon which would be
super cool and yeah I'll see you guys in
the morning
bye hey guys and welcome to April 2 for
day 13 thing is 13 today so I've just
been filming it's currently 20 to 10 I
feel like I've had a productive day I
filmed two and a half videos no one
