hey guys and welcome to April 2 for day
13 I think it's 13 today so I've just
been filming it's currently 20 to 10 I
feel like I've had a productive day I
filmed two and a half videos No one and
a half videos so far today and I'm just
charging my camera battery because it
was about to run out so I thought I'd
have a break I'm gonna eat some
strawberries we've got a load of
leftover strawberries from yesterday
which I have been in the fridge it's
probably better off when they're not
cold but hey ho I'm gonna eat them
anyway all their loads left I'm gonna
eat some strawberries I don't actually
have that much interesting stuff going
on today but I'm gonna vlog because
basically I'm filming all day then
editing then packing so I'll probably
see you guys a bit later for packing
because I can't really film or some
filming can I like vlog whilst I'm
filming but you guys are gonna see that
already so that would not be interesting
I'll see you guys play set down to
videos down two to go
but I've just made myself some lunch I
wanted to show you guys again there's
like nothing in the fridge so I
basically just got a huge bowl it is
like a big bowl of sweet corn peas and
spinach super healthy but basically
there's nothing else to eat so it's
actually pretty good but I kind of
missed the meat what are you three
waiting for you don't want to go on a
walk do you walk loose I told you guys
the daffodils would be out looks so
pretty
spring is here this is actually the
first time I've properly ventured
outside today because I've been filming
all day but Mike is back and we're going
on a puppy walk and it is gloriously
sunny actually what did you know that it
is going to be in the 20s for the next
two days and you're not even here and
I'm going to can and it's like gonna be
19 here it's gonna be like 23 I was like
what I feel cheated but you know what
I'm gonna be by the beach so so it's
gonna be nice
so basically we're going for walk if you
guys are wondering why I don't have as
much makeup on as I did earlier I've
taken most of my makeup off part from my
eye makeup because at the shoot the
other day the secret shoot I had makeup
art yes shoot I had a makeup off to do
my makeup and I reacted to one of the
products she used I don't know what it
was but my whole face is like bumpy if
you guys are will - see see there's a
bit of redness but it's like because
it's tiny it's more like a texture thing
but my whole face is like come up in
this like rash and it's actually really
itchy especially around my eyebrows here
and around my lips as well really itchy
so if I'm looking a bit funny it's
because I put overnight oil on my face
so they took all her makeup off and put
oil on so I'm trying to ditch this silly
face rash before and before Coachella
the dogs are having a wonderful day and
she feels quite summaries and you know
what it is what is this smell Mel's like
grass and pollen and summer
I'm currently upstairs falling over
trying to pack the state of affairs in
this room at the moment is getting
better but still pretty messy I have
been trying to pack but also trying to
organize my wardrobes as well so there's
just like random piles of clothes
everywhere I'm doing okay I'm getting
stuff done I have about six outfits for
Coachella which is like three days
longer than I don't really know what
else to pack I don't know what's packed
for can because I don't know how warm
it's gonna be so basically I think I'm
gonna get to the point where I'm just
throwing everything in my suitcase and
it's almost full I actually want to
leave some space for shopping as well
the dilemmas so I surprised this grumpy
gear and booked somewhere amazing for
dinner look at this yay how long do just
take your selfie we had a few attempts a
few attempts at taking a selfie but yeah
we are off for a romantic dinner because
it's the last time we're gonna be
together for a couple of weeks Oh
to having a rather romantical evening
what what check out a bread that just
came it looks like a mushroom but only
its brioche is it warm
no oh a little bit I'm excited about
this this is my starter this is my hand
it's quite large I got I think it's cold
I know it's haddock with it looks like
mashed potato but I'm sure it wasn't
mashed potato and I think this is a
fried egg yolk which sounds amazing a
product just to test out the result
Michael green risotto
can you remember yarns mister I didn't
eat courgette or mushroom six months ago
nice work this is my main course it is
apparently a stone bath I'm not entirely
sure what the difference between a sea
bass and a stone bus's my god
duck it's Coffee time
because I still have editing and packing
to do when I get home it's got a wobble
on it look at this wobbly wobbly wobbly
wobbly it's like jelly the jelly coffee
Mike has a Darjeeling tea and someone
has already pudding I was getting one
bye he's moving all the cutlery
what are you doing that looks so yummy
mousse mid nice family cake definitely
enough to share we're on the way home
after a delightful meal it was really
nice to go after dinner actually ever as
a little farewell it delightful even
though you're blinding you the light I'm
sorry I've got some packing to do when I
get home doesn't work to do again
pack my bags my cars coming with so
romantic go for a romantic wheel out get
home worker pack we are crazy I have so
much editing to because I felt so many
good today I think is gonna take up all
my spare time of the next like four days
but yeah so I leave at like seven
o'clock in the morning tomorrow so I
need to be all packed
so my packing mission is accomplished
it's still a serious mess in here with
piles and stuff but I need spoken eyes
so bad and my outfit for tomorrow is in
the pile over there yeah but I can do
this one I get home so I got my suitcase
this is still this is basically having
like my laptop and obviously my cameras
in there ourself as well so all that is
there I've got my handbag ready to go I
have just run myself a nice lush bath in
here as well I'm using up my last
Christmas bath bomb which is Golden
Wonder and it has stars
I think the stars have all evaporated
actually it did have stars it doesn't
anymore now she's got glitter but I love
the color of it it's so unexpected as
well because the actual bath bomb looks
like gold and then it goes blue all very
very exciting I am in bed right now I
just turn on the camera say good night
and I'll see you guys first thing
tomorrow morning for a very early flight
bye guys
Mike's amazing good morning everyone
today it's about eleven o'clock and it's
Sunday Mike and I are going to the local
point which is like local horse racing
and every year we go and take like a
picnic I actually haven't been for the
past couple of years because I've been
