good morning everyone today it's about
eleven o'clock and it's Sunday
Mike and I are going to the local
point-to-point which is like local horse
racing and every year we go and take
like a picnic I actually haven't been
for the past couple of years because
I've been away and Mike's been on his
own but Matt is coming to pick us up in
a couple of hours and he's bringing
these sandwiches so I'm gonna go get
crisps and dip and strawberries and
maybe some other things I'm not really
sure what else we want we're going to
pick up my mother my sister or my
brother and then my sister's meeting us
there and that is what's happening today
it's always a good day actually really
really nice weather today but it's super
super windy I just been outside talking
to Matt and our neighbor and it's like
blustery big time so I'm gonna go to as
a supermarket and get supplies this is
my outfit for today I have on my
mulberry kind of splotchy blue scarf
which kind of needs a little shoes I
have a Topshop blues jumper my Topshop
jeans AllSaints Tassili boots which I
had for years and years and my Zara Park
is it's actually quite chilly outside
even though it is sunny it's still kind
of cold I haven't worn this in a while
actually and then I have my pom-pom bag
which I realized is too much hassle but
I'm not actually taking this later I'm
just going to the supermarket so I feel
like I don't really care about being to
tattle it's an that commission in
progress look how yummy little Chipotle
in line
and manchego and green olives YUM so I'm
sitting in the back of Matt's truck now
he's got a serious spread going on
there's a lot of drinking there but I
just open this this is Matt's personal
personal hamper he's hiding something in
my life I think got some good food guys
look at this spread he's put on what's
this my exam which is got strawberries
crisps and dare shaking those olives goo
John's bottle of wine it's a little
windy I have to say we've only brought
piglet because the other dogs are a bit
much but it's quite enjoying and I think
she's liking the window she keeps
getting really annoyed it she's on the
lead and being like I should have all
the extendable look at fairness Pike's
20 win one spike at etrailer dollars I
think we're having a quiet little moment
in the back of Matt's car not in that
way but it's so windy outside
everyone's got really cold so everyone's
good like got back in I don't know if
you can see like I know it looks like
it's cold right Denny's that cold the
wind chill the wind chill she said that
everyone's got back in their cars matt
has gone to you see you Lucy will take
Lucy back up she's racing she came third
in the first race she's good an
apparently second race her horses even
better so she's gonna win my friend won
his race and yeah our friend Jacko won
his race yeah there's no which we didn't
even realize was him we saw him win and
then we're in the turnaround we like
it's Jack and this little one is blue
scooped she has had so much attention
from everybody today she's just like
loving life right now she's a naughty
little bean she went barking all the
dogs and then she got really cold and
started shaking so we thought would
bring her in here for a little snuggle
you little monkey we've got goldfish
Slayer the goldfish is going home with
Spike and Luka and the chief cheerleader
piglets oh yeah in the car I know she's
with the pink stars
yeah she's miles ahead come on Sunday
night and I've been editing most the
evening get us the minor clock and I
think ah you know what I'm so excited to
see Poldark this week
what does Mike de force have on the golf
still and won't let me watch poldark's
I'm going upstairs to watch it on my own
on BBC iPlayer I might even take
squeegee with me
this little one and you not having
squidgy is not happy because I just
threw away one of her toys because she
had ripped it apart and strewn the
stuffing all over the floor which I
think treacle might have done as well
but it is reminded us of that advert
what was it even for okay it's the
advert for advertising with the dog and
the old toy
it's like friends is it like fr ie NDS
friends and it like shows all of the -
all of the experiences at home is it
Harvey almost Harvey a different one I
can't remember if you're in the UK
you've probably seen it because it's a
really funny ad if not youtubing friends
dog advert I'm sure it comes out so
funny and squidgy at that moment where I
picked up to put it in the bin and I was
like holding you above the bin she was
like no and I put it in the bin but you
know what squidgy you've got about 5,000
other toys like she's like talk to the
hand
talk to the
and Oh squidgy grumpy she's like I'm all
I've got is the pig and I'm gonna salt
oh you sleepy girl yeah I'm gonna call
to my sched now go much Poldark and Mike
is gonna stay down says what do you love
cuz he's the big fat one could get it's
only one week is the mothers but it's
alright one way I'm away from Tuesday's
that's fine - be strong cheese this is
our great well that's good you know I'm
gonna do next Sunday what's that watch
it hold our vinyl
oh what's that football yeah Wembley I'm
going to Wembley are you going to
Wembley we'll check you out yes what
next weekend you know I'm doing nice
weekend perfect Ellen you know I'm gonna
do this again
what oh yeah I were to Miss Piggy
nothing good today guys I'll see you in
the mornin
good bye good bye from you look she's
like no I will not be on camera I refuse
good morning guys today is the 11th of
April my eyes just got really watery in
any way I'm just getting ready to film
this morning hence I have makeup and
hair done first thing on Saturday
morning normally I'd be like top not
pyjamas no makeup looking like that
