everyone in guys today is the 11th of
April my eyes just got really watery in
any way I was getting ready to film this
morning hence I have makeup and hair
done first and on a Saturday morning
normally I'd be like topknot pajamas no
makeup looking like that
however Mike is cooking some tasty bacon
are you not used to shopping that's a
lot of bacon for two people Mike two and
a half Russians they just I think we
could have done with like one piece each
it'll say I like a piece of gammon each
gonna be amazing so good Anna you're
cooking eggs as well I'll show you out
so well-trained we have the dogs here
piglet thinks everything is about her
the whole world revolves around you
doesn't it piggy yes
treacle is chilling you two are gorgeous
you two are gorgeous and you're naughty
you've been a real monkey this morning
little one so today you feel me to me
this morning I'm filming disappointing
products video and a whole video another
one and just found out I'm in a really
really good mood because I just found
out I'm going to VidCon just excited
I'm not are you gonna come because
that's how I suppose we made Portugal I
know I have to say we'd like earmarked
that weekend for that week which is
actually my birthday week as well for
going to Portugal with my mom dad and
some friends and stuff and I'm having to
change the week we can still go just not
that week
do you wanna come to LA no going late
right you for another adventure we go on
an American book tour you're gonna come
on that are you know that one yes okay
that's even more exciting I'll get to
that at another point but I think that's
gonna be like October ish which is super
why is he on my camera which is super
exciting Mike's like looking at the back
of my camera right here what are you
doing today well I wanted to go the
garden but it's raining right now so I'm
cooking some breakfast I'm probably
gonna do the ironing because you won't
do the island I'm filming
and then we've got my best friend's
daughter's first birthday we do at
lunchtime we've got our present last
weekend as well
little Annabelle after that for some
lunch then I feel like because her name
is spelt Anna bell with an e on the end
instead of you know sometimes it's a and
a B yeah she's a and a B e ll e I feel
like it's like Annabelle instead of
Annabelle is that weird
am i weird I think with Annabelle my
first facing Anna Bell shreeka would
lessen thinking would you like the bacon
Ricky thank you yes I'm a provide space
eggs and bacon and you first pot nice
beat
OMG look at this bacon this is the
tastiest breakfast ever
Saturday naughty breakfast time Mike
just said he's never seen anyone do this
before
superior soldier so we've just got back
from the balcony of our Caesars what
about people's children coming but now
we are walking at the dogs
it was an amazing cake in the shape of a
hedgehog which makes me want to recreate
end with chocolate buns as the spikes
apparently that's like a thing if you
people know like oh you know what you
said makes wonderful service they made
them and then I think might be something
I could be an albino hedgehog so it's
actually a beautiful evening is
virtually it's been really really nice
today though this morning I woke up
there's one of those days where it's so
rainy and miserable and I don't even
want to get out of bed like he looked
outside it was
gray and raining and miserable you know
how you glorious sunshine Laureus how do
you know what was that one because you
watch the brother of our voice or
whether fault so I can smile to eat some
grass see I knew it was gonna rain in
the morning and then be gorgeous
sunshine in the afternoon
you know is all tonight we should I
think we have to spend every day I think
we should have an entire night of
watching the Masters cuz we have watched
it yet so I think we need to do it
gardening and it's just generally old
stinky tricky is having a whale of a
time monster nettles that's not gonna
work out well for you so excited I just
forgot my then drink up then had to come
back and she got so excited when I came
back she like jumped in the air and
reared up like a meerkat
she's a meerkat she's a mere dog yeah
dog let's hopefully we don't lose it
this time Oh Pig she is getting quite
far ahead I'm gonna I think we gotta
stop for a second and yes I realize my
hanok slightly two channels I may have
Lewis people
earlier we are in Nando's while on a
Saturday night
food Mike's here Martin Lucy's here Matt
said you didn't want to be on camera
you got a technique yeah you think all
this on oh okay like a volcano yeah got
to get it in prep okay see the raft is
there a special pouring technique
thermos should have always be eaten with
very very drizzle trying to be the probe
drizzling made a crazy choice tonight
guys and went for quinoa salad it's new
so it could be it's not as good as my
favorite normal rap sweet potato in it
which I love
Mike's got the world's biggest rap in
the flaky that is ridiculous it's like I
last night so I'm gonna say goodbye now
see you guys all right bye
I don't know why I'm filming like this
good morning and welcome to the 10th of
April today I have a shoot which means I
have to do nothing with my hair and
makeup which is awesome I can just leave
like this so it's about 8 o'clock now I
have a text come to put up and 40 women
