good morning and welcome to the 10th of
April today I have a shoot which means I
have to do nothing with my hair and
makeup which is awesome I can just leave
like this so it's about 8 o'clock now I
have a text film to put up in 45 minutes
so I just ran down to pret and grab some
breakfast surprise surprise I swear I
keep the same thing from prep whether is
for breakfast lunch or dinner I have
some fruit oh that was pepper I have my
little protein pot I have the green
juice and they have a double espresso
because I'm feeling a little bit tired
after last night had quite a few glasses
per second I had a really fun time
actually and yes I am going to eat that
and do some editing now it's a beautiful
day I think today's like the probably
the horse is over yet well I would think
definitely hopes to stay here so far and
it's the last day of sunshine here so
hoping that the studio weigh-in has some
kind of outdoor terrace or something so
at least on lunch break we can get some
sunshine otherwise I may be stuck inside
all day and hopefully it has air
conditioning as well a lot of the
studios in London take that pepper up a
lot of the studios in London are really
really hot because it's not hot in
London that often a lot of them around
like loft spaces crossed I'm hungry it's
been sunny yeah yeah you've got some
packages everything dogs bark is there
anything they're expecting for three
people I came away from America taking
ages I'm worried you know ac/dc
headlining lobster
having evening hanging out with this
stinky poo base this piglet still smell
barbecue time dance special wings making
an appearance the extra spicy I just
licked my finger picking one up she
cheese I don't have any cheese I have
chicken chips ketchup and ethnic
eighties music I'm home and I'm on the
floor right now I just got back and
piglets here squeegees just gonna set on
her chair she was here and piggy is just
been trying to break into my bag and got
my PJs on his Mike Mike came back on his
motorbike because he drove over today
and I always just get so worried awesome
waiting for him to come back but he's
back he didn't crash who is it is it ill
made it home to bed so I made into bed
my skin is actually had a funny reaction
to some of the product my makeup artists
must have used today it's gonna like
bumpy and itchy and irritated so
hopefully I'm not gonna like probably
break out and anything it's just gonna
be like you know like if you have a
slightly allergic reaction it's good
bumpy and then it goes away I'm hoping I
don't get crazy like spots or anything
but yeah I'm gonna go to bed now it's
gonna be short but sweet vlog today
because it's all been a little hush-hush
but I hope you guys had a lovely Friday
I'm so tired I don't know how I made it
driving home for my sisters it's like
just over half an hour I was so tired
you know and you're like music on full
blast that cheesy like 90s early 2000s
tunes on a Friday night so funny so I
was just like singing along trying to
keep myself awake but yeah I mean I
spread now and I see you guys in the
morning
got lots of filming to do tomorrow but I
think we're going to a kiddy birthday
party as always should be cool and
who knows what else will get up to
Saturday's are usually slightly more fun
than the weekdays although I have to
film I think three videos tomorrow
goodness knows how I'm gonna get that
much time to be able to do that in the
day but we're gonna try anyway I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye good morning guys
and welcome to April the fourth day nine
and today it's actually lunchtime
already I've been filming all morning so
I've only started my blog now however I
had a good workout
