good morning guys and welcome to April 4
day 9 and today it's actually lunchtime
already I've been filming all morning so
I've only started my blog now however I
had a good workout this morning and I'm
filming my video which is going up
tomorrow and now I'm going to London for
an exciting meeting I can't tell you who
it's will be really annoying but it's
about something very cool that will be
happening towards the end this year and
only next year so I have meeting that
and then we are going out for dinner
tonight for our friend Sam and Lauren's
birthday is there actually a couple but
their birthdays are like two days apart
so they usually do like a joint birthday
party which is really cool and so I
think that's about twelve of us going to
Burger and lobster which I've never been
to and I love burger and I love Lobster
basically if you don't present in what
burger in Lobster is it's a restaurant
in London where you can either have
burger lobster now this is proving a
great dilemma for me because I love both
of them I don't know which one to pick
so I've wanted to go there for ages as
well it's kind of like where there's
restaurants everyone kind of talks about
I feel like it was like last year or the
year before everyone's talking about it
and I never ended up going so I'm
excited to get there pay for drinks
before and then Mike who's currently
cleaning the air fryer did you have
chips last night Oh take you out that's
a nice hat not really garish at godness
your gardening hat yes okay you're
actually coming Sunday now you know
Mike's never in London wait a minute I'm
just going to attach myself to about
this love if he why that he give the
massages this all my favorite HN Martha
assume I saw just good I've been excited
so excited I can barely contain myself
basically very exciting so old man well
Mike and so yeah my look at piglet oh no
I thought that was her hair that's
actually her to help huger
oh no because I thought she was like
leaning over she has had a bath today I
mean you Boogaloo what have you been
chewing this all over the floor mr.
little one rolled in fox poo yesterday
and smells so bad I had to give her a
bath this morning and now she's gone all
floofy she's gone off Luffy Luffy you
still smell a bit you know even a bath
can't get rid of that stinky smell how's
your eyeball today Booga squeegees here
chillin shame in my little babies I'm
gonna miss you tonight I'm staying in
London's night as well because I've got
a shoot tomorrow again for something
really exciting I can't tell you about
which is such an annoying thing to say
but tomorrow shoots probably like one of
the most exciting things I've done so
far in my life well in my work life
marrying you was number one
tell me what it is Sonic and I know you
know mr. fish look at me
mister I don't think these yes you do
that means annoying you serve you do
know I told you about it obviously I
know yeah you do and do you think it's
exciting I mean I think I've done more
important things and well I think you're
rubbish treacle thinks you're rubbish -
that's why she's leaving I'm currently
sitting here waiting or standing here
waiting for my train and it's such a
nice day I actually like when it's
winter you kind of forget how amazing
Sunday also know just how happy it makes
you I'm absolutely loving it's gonna be
sunny tomorrow as well
throw a couple Ruby inside most of the
day tomorrow but ah
bring on the sunshine I've arrived in
London I've just checked into my hotel
I'm heading out to my meeting in a
second I just want to do a quick the day
and a little room tour I've stayed here
before I feel like it was in was it
maybe October or potentially December I
can't remember but I really like this
hotel especially when I'm staying on my
own because the rooms are really small
but they're cozy and really nice so this
is my bed and then it has like
a little area down there and then the TV
and the little bathrooms in here it's
tiny but it has a huge shower which I
really like but it's really good use of
space and I love the design of the
bathroom as well it's kind of like
old-fashioned but modern at the same
time little desk for me to do my editing
on and I have a little hallway as some
cupboard with like the minibar and stuff
in it
and a mirror for me to do my outfit of
the day today I'm wearing kind of looks
my jackets like a little there we go
I've got my sunglasses on which are my
ray-bans love them lighting a bit funny
but I hope you guys can see anyway I
have on this necklace which have it's
shovels have been walking they
especially got from my mom ages ago for
my birthday and I don't want very much
but I've kind of fallen in love with it
again it's like little kites I really
like it kind of reminds me of skeleton
in a funny way like it's not but it
reminds me of it and then my jacket is
river island and my top is from All
Saints but this is actually really old I
must have had it for like maybe six
years maybe six seven years maybe not
certainly six years and I have one my
sardines and my Topshop boots actually
really warm today so I'm probably gonna
take my jacket off I'm gonna head to my
meeting their house when I leave you
here but I'll see you a bit later
that's a good choice
oh my god it looks so good I can't even
deal with it but what is even more
frustrating
Sam God burger and the lobsters together
which I didn't know you can do okay why
is it a special birthday order by the
tree that many people may be amazing
I had the woman to Clojure
I just got back to my hotel room and I
feel better how much to make coffee at
so you get out better tainment make off
I had a really good night was so fun to
spend time with my friends and a serious
lobster roll I've got a shoot tomorrow
morning my cars pick him up at 8:45 so
it'll be up at about 7:30 tomorrow and I
better go so I'll see you guys in the
morning
bye
you
