hey guys and welcome to April force day
8 today it's actually lunchtime already
I have been like organizing stuff all
morning I've basically been just doing
blog admin YouTube admin trying to get
sorted for LA next week I'm actually
going to can for a couple of days as
well to speak on a panel with YouTube
beforehand so I'm trying to get
everything that I need to do here done
before next week because this weekend is
also super super busy however it is now
lunchtime I'm gonna take some pictures
for my blog there's a few things I
wanted to review on my blog this week
but I haven't got around to doing I
meant to do them like last week and I
just haven't done them yet so I'm gonna
take some pictures for my blog in here
and then I'm heading for like an early
dinner with Becky who I haven't seen in
ages it feels like ages I feel like
maybe I saw her a month for over a month
ago I think it's her birthday the last
time I saw her which is like the 20s or
on the 19th
I think a birth is the 20 I never
remember if it's the 21st or 23rd
because Mike's mom's birthday is the
other day and I always get them confused
but anyway I saw her just before a
birthday and I'm going to see her this
afternoon and we're going to do a little
bit shopping she's coming to LA with me
to Coachella so we're gonna have a chat
about all of that and like plan exciting
things so I am about to run out the door
and go meet back in order to do a really
quick outfit off with a as per usual
this is what I am wearing today if the
light will change there we go
I'm wearing one of my favorite H&M
t-shirts just a bit basic black t-shirt
this necklace is actually from j.crew I
really really like it I got it in
October when I was in Chicago I think it
was on sale then but I really like it
it's just really pretty in kind of
unusual it has like lots of different
little bits and yeah I like it a lot and
then I have on this sleeveless jacket
which I got from Topshop it's the first
time I've worn it and I'm kind of
undecided about how to wear these
sleeveless jacket things they're like
everywhere at the moment I feel like
they look a bit funny with a tee shirt
feel like I need a long sleeve top but
I'm just gonna wear it anyway and see
kind of how I how I go my Prada bag
my top shot ripped jeans which have like
seriously busted at the knee I have two
pairs of these and they're both done it
because I don't wear them so much and
then I have on my wire cell leopard
flats so that is my whole outfit
together and I am gonna go now and meet
Becky for a bit of shopping and dinner I
haven't seen her in ages like I said so
I'm quite excited
I will we are just having a little
wonder looking for coachella clothes and
pretty fun bag I do have a few outfit I
need more though I have enough outfit I
just need one you know I think we should
go to H&M and River Island they have
quite goods not really that's wrong word
but like fringe fringe a friendly furry
no not very that would be way too
raunchy what bohemian very well you do
polish very yeah I'm here
Union is not usually your vibe is it
honking are we gonna do it we're gonna
convert bohemian back she did indeed we
go to dinner
I'm really hungry after working on the
numbers
not recently oh yeah spicy so we came to
where we're staying in a hotel it's a
little dry
we make the program it's whenever we got
nothin on select we go you think we know
like this and that it's like cool
you met him I know inside to meet him
again
yeah let's maybe we talk best friend
that used to meet and marry for me a
tailoring is calling my fringe bag with
my red dress friends bag with pounds on
the bar in the bargain I got very well
we've got like the watching from then
hmm
love speech hello range which I feel
like it's really sad to where at each
other yeah
food my favorite coconut the seafood
broth some edamame effects we got pad
thai is that it's like being free or are
you just gonna have a food baby later
it's all about the extra peanut and
these are too spicy they're good look at
this guy's
I found the water bottle for me I wish
this was wine we should get them boats
for the gym they're so good
look at that one we are for this back we
are walking back through a shopping
center now I'm going to get a coffee
after dinner because there's just too
much channel ages and too much to chat
about so we'll get the of it into the
shop tiger
it sounds like loads of random how see
things it's really cheap it's like IKEA
for tat it's really good they spelled my
name right woohoo I got a skinny
hazelnut macchiato never had a hazelnut
in before all you'd have to tell me have
you tried it and the teeth Oh have you
tried the TV yes I didn't yeah
but yeah so many people were telling me
about this and I actually know when I
did it I was literally at thinking of
you if you guys don't know what we're
talking about it's basically like a tea
that you're putting about I did a blog
post on today but yeah when I first got
it it's made for you seriously you know
in your recent one spot and what did you
get a chai tea latte 20 non-standard
Starbucks on the way home home
everything shopping now though I know it
didn't mean they were going to give us a
Starbucks I think they're open till like
8:30 wanna bag I got a few things in
there that I'm not showing you have to
wait to me for my video let's go through
John Lewis and then we pull it all this
barking oh yes well the house stuff I've
just got home to my bears and Mike is
watching the golf because he is super
boring
hello oh man I like watching golf food
is here and I just gave her a big stroke
and now my hand smells of poo because
she's been rolling in poo I thought it
was a whale of a time rolling into I
thought it was a brilliant idea to put
her the little ribbon that came with
Becky's Becky gave us an Easter present
here and I put the ribbon around her
neck she looks cute but she smells like
poo I think you need a bath another one
these are from Becky how cute is this
chocolate
stay away poo dog she's escaping yeah
look she gave us a chocolate Easter
how cute they're so cute and then the
excuse me what are you doing that's my
bag poo face this is a cute little bag
and then quite knowing what like it's
more like separators in it
that's so cute notice Niles is caddying
for Rory McIlroy who oh not no Niall
there's no esterday in the mail
okay that's cool he's obviously a golf
fan and then chums is all Rory that's
perhaps bringing like cool kids
Tiger let him right now oh if everyone's
trying to outdo each other look Tigers
the man beside his she's a girl yeah
she's got a girl on there boy hmm
that's that is funny because women
aren't allowed to play in the same game
as men are these well not unless there's
no women no there's a women's tour an
immense tall well there's a girl yes but
this is this is this is fun this is
poverty competition before the milk par
3 this is a par 3 competition don't you
know don't you know don't you know
squidgy
where's treacle Mary Striegel I think
she's gone by here no baby we don't know
we don't know we don't know what she is
stinky dog are you gonna have a bath now
you stink he does so it is a bad time
went to force now I just fell asleep in
front of the sofa last night was working
got to put in my creepy drops these ones
are really weird these are my eye drops
I have to have yes I'm terrible at
charging my camera these I have to have
a night they could clear tasks which
sounds like something you put somewhere
else they're like route route soundings
but yes like a gel it's really creepy to
put in Rhys I have to do it at night for
a month now
I'll see you guys again tomorrow
it's Thursday what's up with you
blogging what's that what well we yeah
we're going to learn there's more I've
got some exciting meetings and we're
actually going to burger and lobster you
know for my friend Sam and Lauren's
birthdays which should be fun Mike's
actually coming to London for once you
might get a nosebleed or something of
that kind of nature never ever comes to
London yeah that's it I see guys Mike
good morning everybody
Oh piglets a bit sleepy this morning and
welcome to
you the 7th of April today I'm heading
off to London I've just been doing
piglet eyedrops so if you have a look
can you see she's got a polio
