good morning everybody Oh piglet a bit
sleepy this morning and welcome to the
7th of April today I'm heading off to
London I've just been doing piglets
eyedrops so if you have a look
can you see she's got a poorly eye mmm
she's actually had it ever since we've
had her she when she was a puppy which
is what's the bet the first time and she
has two extra eyelashes growing it
cleared up for a while and now it's come
back so we think she might have an
operation eventually and to take them
out but what we want to do is see if
eyedrops and my anti-inflammatories will
help for the moment because we don't
really want to put her under anaesthetic
more than she needs to was so when she
goes in to get spayed we're hoping that
they might be able to do it at the same
time so it hasn't actually got a much
better we went to the vet last week and
got the drops and stuff and it's not
much better so she's feeling very sorry
for herself partly puga but she's
getting lots of love she's actually
quite good with the eyedrops now you are
quite good you're a good girl I'm going
to London today to meet up with Suzy
from hello October which is exciting
actually you have met her a few times
before but we've never like properly
hung out so it's gonna be cool to both
lunch and then I'm going for dinner with
my friend cat Mike is here working it's
got a very noisy internet auction long
ago and you're going you're going out
all day aren't you later
all night going to see football a quick
outfit of the day before I go I've got
my sunglasses on inside I do realize I
might be putting on my head today I am
wearing my j.crew necklace which is
really pretty actually bought this in
Chicago have all my wraparound denim
shirt which I actually have a couple of
other denim shirts neither of them are
as good as this one is my favorite have
on my Zara leather jackets my Topshop
skirt which I had I think like last
spring I've worn it loads but I
absolutely love it and my Rebecca
Minkoff tassel bag my makeup is pretty
chilled as you guys can see in my hair
is quite messy I didn't want to put any
heat through my hair cuz it's feeling a
bit frazzled at the moment and then my
glasses I get asked so much about these
sunglasses they are from Ray Ban and
they're the four one four sevens I don't
know if they're like a permanent thing
in their line but I really like them
because they're a bit bigger I've got
quite a big face so the like traditional
Wayfarers look a bit funny on me and
then on my feet I have lots of shadows
well that was like a massive stain on
the floor there I was like oh my god
it's a shadow from the chairs and then I
have all my Topshop boots as well so
that's the whole look together it's
actually quite warm today it's a really
nice sunny day so yeah I'm quite looking
forward to going on that I love London
and sunshine now I'm actually driving to
your train station Tay that's quite a
lot further away I'm driving like an
hour at the train station then getting a
train into London because tonight I'm
going to see my friend cat who lives
closer to London and I didn't quite know
how to do it so I'm going to leave my
car at that station that's near her and
then go to her house and then drive home
so I've got quite a drive station and
yes I will see you later Marilla are you
emptying the dishwasher this is our
cupboard full of monks do you think
we've got enough most of them most of
them actually have dogs on them as well
and say about 90% have dogs or pheasants
see you later I made it I actually had a
bit of a terrible Joe and well not
terrible but total journey down because
I couldn't find any most part ended up
on a really far away from the station
and then piss rushing at my train and
then got on the train never like no
seats so I'm not sitting on the floor
which is good
don't you just love trains so I'm on my
way to meet me now as such and I say hi
why she claims he a restaurant
flashing fun which in the Japanese but
everyone is emotive agents I'm really
excited and yeah I'll show you guys
won't eat hopefully a special really
really quiet
yeah we're like one of the only tables
get it Susie is here yeah yeah everyone
we have some ceviche and some sushi and
we have someone's coming it's known for
irony hence the name and actually
surprised how quiet
it looks good you have some spicy tuna
what'd you get salmon with asparagus in
there my little expense yeah looks good
you like asparagus right no which we're
not entirely sure I think we stuff it we
stuff it with a duck it looks really
really good though
duck and plum sauce I thought they'll be
what if this stuff like cabbage which
looks good it smells great as well this
is amazing
it looks weird it's kind of like eating
a duck burger slash pancake bunny day is
so busy seeing Suzy was really punish
there
jumping on my way now salut
I'm doing a video with Nikki when I am
in LA I need next week is going so good
me
20 now
with her it should be really cool so I'm
gonna go
crying 20 quiz
a challenge in England than it is in
America their drug so London looks so
awesome when the sun is shining I love
it I just got to the train station my
train is a little bit delayed I popped
into paper tapes I wanted to show you
these cards because I've got quite a lot
birthday's coming up and I used to get
some cards and I just think they're the
cutest thing ever
this one is for my friend Sam it was
quite funny and these ones I
particularly love I just have a thing
about black and white and neon at the
same time so cool looks like flamingos
and glitter and this one's a donkey
drinking a cocktail with glitter and
then some tissue paper I forgot to
finish my blog last night because I went
over to my friend cats and we were
literally talking all night you know and
he haven't seen somebody I haven't seen
her since Christmas but even at
Christmas I saw her at a party that we
had and I feel like I was just really
busy aside loads of friends over so I
had a chatter to her in like a year
properly and sat down had a good gossip
so we were chatting for ages and she
cooked dinner and I just forgot to vlog
and then I got stuck in traffic on the
way home and ended up getting home at
midnight just past midnight yeah it was
it was 11:53 or something but yeah so
I'm still in my dressing gown this
morning because I have been planning
outfits for Coachella I'm gonna do a
Coachella lookbook next week so super
happy that I actually finally found some
boots yesterday from H&M
but then I brought them home and like
tried them on because like when I tried
them on this shot they say had tights on
obviously I'm not gonna be wearing
tights cello because it's in the middle
of the desert and super hot and they rub
my ankles so I was really excited
because they were really cheap and they
were really cute and they work perfectly
with all my outfits but they rub my feet
so I'm gonna have to take them back and
they rub my ankle like really bad a
woman for like five minutes it still
hurts now at 15 minutes later so yes
that is what is happening
day probably gonna end this vlog now
because it's now tomorrow you're looking
very handsome today
I like your shirt you never wear this
shirt I always wear the shirt it's just
that it's summertime so I'm wearing a
shirt no job you know how you were
nagging me to have a haircut yeah and I
was like no no no actually do you think
you might need hangers like this
I'm rich I'm gonna cut I'm gonna cut
it's like you've got a mullet Mike's
like I want to cut my hair short I'm
like no you do make me eat a trim I'm
gonna cut really short not sure just
like this much it's just like this bit
off and then the back bill just those
big laughs my job no tell Mike he looks
better with long hair everybody know
that he definitely done a sustainable
whatever you're so stubborn I'll try to
get my sky as hair and he start to go
well I didn't try and get into but like
I suggested it looks like no I will not
die my hair
well old gracefully because goodbye to
morning everybody
what day is it guys it's April and these
guys want to go outside today
