good morning everybody what day is it
guys it's April and these guys want to
go outside today so piglet is gonna bark
where are the keys guys today I'm going
to the gym
it is about 8:30 let's go out the front
door it's about 8:30 on 8:15 on Monday
I'm going to the gym today see my
personal trainer to help negate all the
chocolate I've been eating over Easter
because it's been a lot let's just put
it that way
super missed you today look at this wait
for the dogs to go Chloe every morning I
carry piglet up the stairs because she's
not gonna walk up the stairs and she
goes and she aah Mike whoa incoming
Monday morning wake-up call just got
back to find my in his Panthers in my
kitchen I'm not gonna vlog it but I'm a
vlog his head you're in your pants in
the kitchen listen I just had a really
good workout hence my crazy sweaty
blotchy face I get such a blotchy face
when I work out not sure why but it's
such a nice day today I think it's
actually still a bit missing here but I
drove over to my personal trainers base
and it was like beautiful sunshine
what's wrong oh this is how this is how
I stack the cupboard might gets very
stressed at me what is that it's just
putting everything in there
mr. pants what you cooking some toast
you doing eggs this morning I make my
own eggs this morning see it looks like
some big beautiful day really yeah
check out you fancy pants I might film a
video today because this much that area
but again you video up yeah I'll do some
gardening person Oh Mike such an old man
just getting ready to film my video and
I put my lush hair mask in this one the
chuan wen hua chuan wen hua and I
forgotten how nice this is it actually
makes your hair to feel like all tingly
and nice and now I'm bored because I'm
waiting my calf now before I wash it off
and already think about it you know
you're like oh I'm asking my husband
really dry recently and I'm like what do
i do what do i do do I finished watching
Poldark because some reason else my on
iPlayer it only went like 25 minutes
it's an hour-long episode so to be
honest I was like fully asleep and
Mike's like so annoying it's only going
halfway through because he came up and
watched it with me but yes I rewatched
that and now I'm bored I might put some
crisp white strips on as well and have
like a full treatment a Bank Holiday
Monday morning treatment love it so I
just finished filming my video and I'm
now cooking at me a little bit lunch we
actually have like no food in the house
except chocolate so a little bit of
chocolate I know
ate quite a bit of Mike's Easter Egg you
can actually see him Mike's gardening
outside I mean if you guys can see how
nice a day is it kills me to be inside
right now such a beautiful day but
basically I just cooked a little bit of
kale and sweet corn because we have
pretty much no food I need to drain it
and then yeah that's one I have for my
lunch we're heading over to my mom's for
like an early dinner as well so yes that
is what is happening I'm gonna edit my
video now I really want to go outside
with Mike and I did my video outside but
you can't see the screen outside so I
probably end up going a sitting room and
editing my video I was listening Bank
Holiday Monday
Kalin's week on with Perry pure salt on
top I'm so crazy right now guys can't
even believe it
miss Esther speakin recently I'm not
sure why or how or where this obsession
has come from but it's good
I'm also brewing a little bit of iced
tea in a slightly non-conventional way
I'm just making a normal tea and my
Starbucks cup and then we put ice in it
and shake it up
I might actually sweeten it with a bit
of elderflower as well this tea is
called nirvana I'll show it to you guys
it's from the package I got from the
American Tea Room this one here and it's
really really yummy it's a green tea but
it has figs berries Kiwi and peony
petals in it you can actually see like
the bits of Berrien and I cannot
remember if I've shown you guys this tea
before it may have done and if I have
I'm going crazy but it's really good so
I'm trying an iced version of it and
seeing how that turns out because I
think it will be good on another note
like two of my gel nails have just flown
off the whole thing came off in one go
like so annoying I'm just heading over
to my mum's I thought we'd do a quick
outfit the day before I leave there is
like filming pandemonium in the
background cuz I've been filming today I
am wearing this scarf which is from
mulberry and my stripy jumper from
Primark which annoyingly has shrunk a
little bit used to be a little bit
longer I kind of keep pulling it down
because I liked it a bit longer and then
I have on my Topshop ripped jeans and my
Topshop boots and that is it I'll go
further back so you guys can see there
is my outfit
treacle is in here so I'm just going to
get the dogs in the car and then take
the bags of chocolates and gifts and
things and head over Mike's actually
taking his motorbike today which he
doesn't use his motorbike very often but
I don't like it when he does because it
scares me and I always worry until he
gets home because I'm always like or I
don't know there's just a bit dangerous
for my liking
mum's laid the table for lunch it looks
so cute I love this tablecloth as well I
borrowed it for a while it's got like
lions and tigers on it hilarious love it
I think the boys are all playing
something outside playing football
tennis Sarah tennis racquet involved
yeah there is that's my old tennis
racquet so I explained that is a good
looking roast
nice work mom I've just walked outside
to Mike lying on the floor surrounded by
children and animals Mike you are
literally like the Pied Piper Oh piggy
you play piggy in the middle hello oh do
you give her a kiss B everybody loves
piggy Mike literally gets abused every
time he's near children and animals
my uncle's dog is here for the first
time ever trickle has made friends
normally she hates other dogs that she
doesn't know she's loving it pigley
likes her too Bigler has made a friend
so we're back home now and I'm just
making Mike a nice cup of tea he is
having normal tea in this mug which is
the Herod's patisserie mocha I actually
bought this for Christmas from Mike's
twin sister I think it's quite cute and
then I am having chili kiss which is
black tea it's like spicy it's kind of
like a chai but a bit stronger I like a
bit more kinky
a bit more kinky that's not my sense
with a bit more of a kick and I'm gonna
have it in my mrs. mug this little mark
on my like kind of on my thumb slash
wrists halfway in between anyone is
wondering is from burning myself on hair
colours hazardous times here you go my
love what's an easter egg chocolate too
you don't want it ah I think bigoted but
I'd like it oh no use not allowed to
brought my cup of tea upstairs and I'm
currently running a bar my computer is I
just keeps crashing it's why I'm gonna
be crazy and if I get my video up it's
my which is exporting the moment keep
cracking but yeah here's my tea I'm also
reading this at the moment I can't
remember if I put this in a blog yet
it's called the glitter plan and it is a
book by the two ladies who set up to
teacher and it's just really interesting
about like their business in common
which is opening up and product
developed and I'm trying really hard to
finish it because I am reading like
three books and women and I really just
want to get one which is been finished
before I go to LA and then I can
actually like just have one book again
it's silly having three books on the go
at one time is silly I think I'm also
going to use a lush bath bomb these ones
are all faded from the Sun because I
keep them on the windowsill by nobody is
this one smells very floral and you go
start no actually no it's name let's
just start right now Mike is here as
well hello I just had to switch to my
phone because my camera ran out of
battery no I'm really charged it
tomorrow we are watching the Jonathan
Ross show Clare Balding is on and Kylie
Minogue I'm Bear Grylls on the end you
didn't recognize him in a suit there
he's bearing he is bearing up we like
their girls yeah I say grill today I
cloned that out oh yeah we should have
loved that my climbed on top of the
house
what yeah plunge but out of the window
on top of the garage I scaled up the
roof and he didn't die no survivors
that's coming on the gutters
not the scent my sense boy but the
problem is to get the gutters like to
conserve the trees that overhang and
they were full of weeds overhang so is
either get some expensive change this
your life risk my life you made it you
made it good you know what I did as well
because it was such a nice day today i
sat up there for about 10 minutes just
perched on the rooftops just what
looking out it's really cool I can hear
you shuffling when I was filming my
video I can hear you like shuffling
around on the roof
like it's pretty crazy that was good fun
that's gonna be it for today I will see
you tomorrow for back to like normal non
Easter life I guess no needs to serve
actually got a word no more chocolate
yes no boy I've been eating so much
chocolate it's not good I'll see you
tomorrow guys
morning everybody and Happy Easter
today is Easter Sunday Mike and I are
sitting down to some eggs which Mike is
Kirk's we've got some Easter eggs here
Mike got me this little bunny which i
think is super cute it's just a little
water I was like Mike this is definitely
the large one
