good morning everybody and Happy Easter
today is Easter Sunday Mike and I are
sitting down to some eggs which Mike is
cooked we've got some Easter eggs here
Mike got me this little bunny which i
think is super cute but it's just a
little water I was like Mike this is
definitely the large one oh they do the
massive ones don't they I love these
Mike got malteaser sneaky do I get
anything no how are you doing this
morning are they perfect eggs I better
hurry up and eat them so I've just been
preparing Easter gifts for everybody and
slightly maybe eating a little bit of
chocolate on my way but basically this
year I've got I only really get stuff
for the girls because what I've done is
put like a little beauty product in with
a load of chocolate eggs so this one for
example for my brother and my
sister-in-law so there's like an LMS
body wash in there and then loads of my
multi-coloured eggs so I thought that
was quite a cute idea this year so my
sister's got a concealer and a load of
eggs and then who's this one for this
one's for my granny I think she's got
like a moisturizer and a load of eggs
they're actually really heavy because
there's a lot of eggs and then Lulu has
got because she can't have chocolate
she's got a raw chocolate pie egg which
has like dried fruit in the middle so
yeah that's for Lulu and then I also got
her these little cat ears they should be
bunny is considering it's Easter but I
thought they were quite cute
so that's really what Lulu's one and
then the little boys have got one of
these lint giant carrots each which are
super cute they have like lots of little
things in them so gold bunnies and
hollow eggs and filled eggs and carrots
and stuff well that's quite cute
especially for little ones when they're
not necessarily gonna eat like a whole
egg so it kind of gets a bit messy it's
like bite-sized chunks and then for my
mom I got something a little special for
my mom's actually going to China on a
business trip with my dad next week so
I've got her loads of minis I collect
these ones are from hotel
cost in Paris which I'd been saving for
ages and I was like I'll just give them
to mom because I know she will love this
scent it's amazing so there's a mini
shower gel body lotion there's a little
skincare set from verso which is like
inside it's teeny tiny like travel sizes
and then literally like a million choc
bags because it's for my dad too so he's
got to have some kind of chocolate and
then like her mini mascara from Tarte
because she uses the gold one that I
bought her and she really loves it so
yeah that's my mum I'm gonna take these
over I think we're actually doing an
Eastern meal tomorrow because my
sister's up north visiting her husband's
family and my brother is working today
for some reason I haven't actually spoke
tinted and always working it's probably
got a deadline on Monday so or Tuesday
so we're not actually doing a roast
today we're doing a roast Mauro but I'm
gonna go over to my mum's for a coffee
now and take my mum's over I might take
my granny's as well actually cuz I think
my brownie might be there and yeah
because she's on her own now like my
grandpa my grandpa's been gone maybe
seven years now so quite a long time I
think like times like Easter and
Christmas and stuff she needs a bit of
extra love so yeah I'm gonna take my
brownies over today as well and then
everyone else is gonna get those
tomorrow Mike got his this morning his
Maltese Bunny and then I also got for
Mike's mom I've got her a face cream and
also some Easter eggs like the mini eggs
but they've run out of tissue paper so
it looks like rubbish like it's just
like sitting in there in that so and
he's going to find some more tissue
paper and then I'm gonna go and spread
them up I love gift-giving like any
excuse to give gifts I'm like all over
it absolutely love it so yes I'm going
to my mum now and give her her present
so I just got to my mum's and she has
cooked the most incredible Easter cake
I've ever seen in my entire life
look at this guy's does this not look so
tasty it's basically it's just a normal
sponge right mum like a vanilla sponge
vanilla sponge cake inside here and then
in the middle of the sponge
it's got homemade raspberry jam whole
raspberries and white chocolate fresh
cream and then on the outside here is
fresh cream and white chocolate with
white chocolate truffles and little
bunnies on top probably about a million
calories a slice but so so delicious
however mom's decided she's taking this
over to my uncle's house this afternoon
have you not are you taking it away so
I'm not allowed to eat it looks so good
looks amazing I actually took a picture
of the inside if you guys follow me on
Instagram you might have seen the inside
of the cake so yummy these guys are
being very naughty mom's had to cover
her sofa with a sheet so they don't get
it dirty because they like sitting on
here you especially don't you squidge
you're the king of the castle and here
is your fluffy minion hey hey the fluffy
minion he knew who monkeys sorry for the
rubbish quality we are now in the car
and I left my camera at home my hair is
aching created a since I had it cut I've
had all had a few more layers put in and
it just does not like to stay in the
plat like I have a crazy bit that likes
to come out but yeah we are on our way
over to my auntie and uncle's house
because we weren't going to go anywhere
for lunch today but and they invited us
last minute because they found out that
we weren't really doing anything so
we're heading over which means that I'll
get to try mom's cake which might have
effectively used about because she was
gonna take it over there anyways so
we're going over there for like way so
lunch is actually half past 5:00 so it's
kind of like but between lunch and
dinner and there is no real word for
that apart from linor
I guess or lunch and supper could be
lover or lunch / there's definitely like
it's like afternoon tea but it's not
afternoon tea because it's a roast so
that is what we're doing there's
daffodils out all in the village can you
see those daffodils are you mouthing it
mister there's more I feels very they
see them you see them so yeah we're
having a nice day out we are my friend
Bailey just came over and had a cup of
tea which was so nice because I haven't
seen her
Remz awesome resolve a lien Christmas no
it must have been the bells are ringing
for Easter April I'm doing church and
that is all for the update yes
definitely as good as it looks my nice
work I just got home and had an amazing
lush bath and a face mask and I'm
feeling really Zen I have been reading
my book and waiting for my video to
upload which is taking ages I'm sorry
guys if the last few videos on this
channel have been really late my
internet has not been as fast as it has
been the past few months my eyes look
really red in this lighting they don't
when I'm in normal light I don't really
understand this little one I just been
upstairs when I upload my video came
downstairs and Mike's asleep on the sofa
it's like 10 o'clock hilarious you lot
you all having a big time no girls he
feeling stuffed after that dinner Mike
there's so much food how good was that
cake of mums it was so good I know it
was tippity-top
the doggies would have liked some oh yes
oh yes tricky as usual I'm her own I
didn't realize that whilst I was trying
to get my video up I was actually
missing tonight's episode of Poldark
which it's shocking because I'm
absolutely loving it if you guys don't
know what Poldark is if you're in the UK
I feel like you probably will do because
there's been a lot of buzz around it but
if you're not you have to watch it's
awesome Downton Abbey is like whatever
compared to pull dark loving it catching
up
episode 5 on iPlayer right now and it's
amazing that's gonna be up tonight imma
call it day finish off watching Poldark
and go to sleep I hope you guys have had
a great Easter Sunday wherever you are
and whatever you're doing and eat lots
of chocolate and I'll see you again
tomorrow
bye guys good morning everybody what's
that you've got there in your hands
piglet is now having to go on a lead
every time we come out of the garden
because she
- naughty he's an ASBO she
