good morning everybody what's that
you've got there in your hands piglet is
now having to go on a lead every time we
come out of the guard room because she's
too naughty
he's an ASBO she is but on the plus side
look some of the daffodils are coming
out there's like two there but I think
by next week we're going to be daffodil
central look at all these ones Mike
they've all come out these are the light
ones I prefer the dark yellow ones
better
but daffodil time is coming piggledy pug
are you gonna come here and go in the
lead she's like running away seriously
good morning guys anyway and welcome to
the fourth day of April today is
Saturday and Mike and I are going on a
magical adventure we're going shopping
whoo-hoo-hoo is Jack coming with us
that'll be fun I feel like I spent the
last few days just surrounded by boys
love it
b'ougar on the lead please look you guys
she's like I don't need no need this is
what I call an unhappy piglet we also
just passed the neighbor's dogs they
have two Alaskan Malamute which are
basically like giant Huskies so they
don't bark they howl and they just saw
our dogs are over there now and they
were like crazy and piglets like yeah
bring it on piglet do you know how small
you are and treacle is just terrified
thought it would do a really quick
little outfit of the day before I leave
today I am wearing the scarf which is
from and other stories I'm wearing my
jacket
which is like a like a light gray lilac
II suede color from River Island and
then I have on my H&M black tee my Sarah
jeans my Topshop boots three dogs and my
Rebecca Minkoff tassel bag piglets like
what are you doing you weirdo so yeah
that is my outfit and we are going
shopping we're going to get some lunch
as well well maybe I'll just eat you
sausage dog hello
Birmingham
basically my favorite shot in the entire
world Russia right now surprise surprise
mr. sushi obsessive that was the
agreement if we come shopping without
sushi let's hope there's not massive
cute look look at all the sweeties
Mike's gone for the mega chili variety
is that to share with me
tuna it's on a bit of a slow burner the
bell today going super super slow it's
like Lomo take your time women fees I'm
actually so hungry are you happy now the
first purchase of the day made from the
little white company is actually our
friends daughter's first birthday
we're gone at the cutest little card
again and a little fluffy bunny from the
little white company which is my
favorite favorite place for little
people think we're trying on sunglasses
my coffee
words cannot describe I like these ones
tuned he's like no no
hey Mike there's a handbag for you
potentially in the classiest handbag
I've ever seen shortly followed by this
one oMG I just got way over excited
about the fact that they have so
portrayed in here which is probably one
of the coolest to brands the dresses
around at the moment
they're like these ones here so like
super gorgeous and Lacy and amazing and
I tried a few on and none of them fitted
right and I was mega sad so I've been
eyeing off online ages and they were
sold out oil everywhere sometimes might
fun baby you can have your missing
shopping we've been up wandering around
Selfridges looking at shoes bump into my
friend Rose who works here loves me
maybe we'll go and have a little look at
makeup maybe Mike's gonna hate that
currently perusing the selection of
bands Mike suggested these they got he
got battered down pretty quickly
I'm surprised you didn't say these ones
he also suggested these bows they're not
bad
actually they are he Wilson suggested
these which would be kind of cool if
they had a bigger so like they're I'm
not sure about the Skinnygirl song it's
too girly getting really really
overexcited about the Rococo Easter
stuff they have the seagull eggs and
they always I've had these once before
and every time we're going to Liberty is
where they sell these they never have
the seagull eggs and they are honestly
the best thing ever I'm excited for you
to actually try some like like
unbelievably good someone's a little
smug right now what have you got there
bit of a milkshake don't mind if I do
delightful put that down in the cup
holder and it leaves it open stealing
from me it really solid alright adding
so you can drink it all
we just met - such a nice girl the Mac
founder who watch my videos and she
helped me find lipsticks
I'm ashamed I see the carpus get that in
there in their stealth back down
currently sit in the car park I want to
document Mike's experience of eating a
Rococo Seagal egg for the first time
seagulls okay does he got egg what are
you doing
it's really good
it's really good right boys sharper
there's no cup what you are crazy
I think they're good you don't want it
so good so these are the two lipsticks I
picked up today this one here is syrup
which I oh ok piglet which I got on a
recommendation from Lily fabulous who
actually went to lunch with earlier this
week and she piggy and then this
one patisserie which I really like a
really pretty nude color piglet is being
a noisy monkey I love the smell of new
MAC lipstick so good huh know how they
left a night there I've just put on
syrup which is the color that Lily
recommended I love it it's such a nice
color like it's a little bit purple but
like not really purple the dogs are
going cray cray and I really really like
it I love new matte lipsticks you smell
so good something about them when you
first use them as extra vanilla and good
you have a bit of a meaty situation
going on right now
the boys have arrived so my camera just
ran out of battery but we decided that
it does sound kind of poncey if you put
on the Spanish accent when you say
chorizo but but it you sound not very
cultured if you say sure it's so-so
I feel like as an English person you
just can't win what do you call it what
do you call it
so anyway me Jack and Anton decided
they're going to come over tonight and
cook this is what I like to see is boys
cooking in kitchen Mike is chilling with
beer but they I think they think we're
quite hungry because we have not 24 48
meatballs for four people it's quite
quite high ratios are you hungry what
else have you got going on here got some
shopping I don't know what is it baby
for baby food many were than money
but yeah this is what I like to see
guests come over and cook
kitchen it's a good situation going on
right now I'm liking it good friends
check this out for a meal look seriously
goods might got the extra extra large
portion thanks guys we just finished the
most epic meal ever and there is a
little bit of room there's always room
for pudding and seeing as it's Easter we
have an abundance of chocolate eggs
I bought these ones in Selfridges today
but I actually got sent these as an
Easter gift today as well these weigh a
kilogram a kilogram of chocolate eggs
this is ridiculous so yeah let's eat
these eggs also I have this tablecloth
which is actually made from material
from Ikea which my mum sewed the edges
for me so that it's like a natural
tablecloth and I thought it's really
cute the crab one is also from like here
if you guys are wondering but I thought
this is quite festive for Easter nice
yellow tablecloth we are watching Air
Force one right now classic is it
nineties no 9 1997 got the fire on PDF
is sitting here having a little Chenault
girl the naughty little beast and I'm
going to call it the night for this
evening I will see you guys again
tomorrow which is Easter Sunday is it
not this is Sunday Easter we're not
having a race tomorrow we're doing rest
on Monday yeah but I might make the rest
tomorrow you were gonna do a roast I
look forward to it
bye bye guys today is Friday it's Good
Friday in fact oh she is long
oh she is long I just turn the radio on
and it was having a bit of a moment I am
going stream today let's go just got
back from the gym look
