morning guys today is Friday it's good
friday in fact oh she is long
oh she is long I just turned the radio
on and it was having it at the moment I
am going to stream today whoo-hoo let's
go just got back from the gym look who's
here
mr. lazy face himself you know I mean
why were you not coming today
legal legal in the knee again no nominee
oh no showers no just nothing and it
really rough smell this week I'm me an
apple and then I'm gonna get up shout
I've had weeks
my name is Melvin this is my favorite
mug there's sausage mug so Mike called
me like half an hour ago when he was
walking the dog saying that piglets gone
missing again we've been looking for her
for ages and we can't find her and was
walking around around and started to get
a bit worried to be honest she's so
small she ran off a guy after a monk
jack again silly dog it's about half an
hour later now we're still looking for
her but we think we heard her bark
somewhere so we think she might be
around I think she might be stuck
somewhere might think she's found
something dead and is eating it we found
her the little monkey I'm going to use
in this present company spike actually
found her she is now having a bar
cheering she's like oh I hate it in this
thing you you had us all worried as soon
as these guys turned up as well spike
and mom got out the car and she turned
up I was like typical being typical I
was like thinks he's a hero though
because he found her I think she likes
him rubbing piglets not very impressed
scene exit tummy yeah so before all of
that drama happened I
meant to be filming my new video this
morning it's now nearly 2 o'clock and I
haven't filmed it and I got rained on
and I cried all my makeup off well most
of my face makeup and around my nose not
cool so I think I might actually feel it
tomorrow and put it up tomorrow
just because I don't really I feel like
in a bad like mental place now I feel
sad you stress me out piglets being
ridiculous look at this dog she stops
and you start looking at her she was
like digging like crazy
naughty how are you doing it's bad I'm
just tweeting Becky ie why is Becky's
coming stay tonight I just tweeted how
are we gonna do that the worst news
Becky's is coming to stay think I'm
booked into a hotel because it's Easter
weekend this weekend I'm doing a little
bit of baking my little niece Lulu can't
have any dairy or soy so she can't have
like normal chocolate and things and
sometimes it's a little tricky to find
her thing she can eat so I'm gonna cook
her some cupcakes my original intention
had been to cook these which are look at
these they look amazing like sprinkle
cupcakes with all the colors on the
inside but they didn't actually have
their like multicolored sprinkles in the
supermarket so I've ended up going for
some freeze-dried raspberries and pink
glitter and vanilla so we're gonna cook
dairy-free vanilla and raspberry
cupcakes and we're gonna see what
they're like the washing machine is
making some serious noises like serious
noises I think it's about to eat
something so I'm not gonna say they're a
disaster but they're not as good as I
thought they were gonna be but I'm
hoping Lily will still like them we are
going out for dinner now we're a little
bit late so let's roll we're going out
to dinner with Jack and I'm torn again
at Jack's family so I'm probably on vlog
and 5 rat faced by bratty router face
son baby I'm not speaking to you I told
her off so bad when she came back from
running away she is not not in a good
mood with me I forgot to finish my vlog
again I
terrible start to the month yeah I think
it's just that like bank holiday kind of
craziness last night actually turned out
to be not it was fine once we went out
for dinner and stuff but I had planned I
was he Becky was going to be coming over
at time that she couldn't come we're
meant to be seeing a load of other
friends and that kind of all fell
through and you know when things just go
a bit and you end up feeling a bit mmm
but hopefully when I see Becky today and
I think we might be going to Birmingham
today to go shopping which I'm really
excited I woke up this morning and I was
like hey my fancy news I think fun he's
like do you mean shopping I'm like maybe
do you want to go to bed with you Mike's
like okay I'm a what cuz normally he
never never ever says yes so yeah I am
back ready to film again I'm actually
still wearing my pajama bottoms don't
tell anyone
well I just told a little few guys but
yeah I'm gonna film my video about my
laser eye surgery and then I'll start
tomorrow smoke as well so this is like
it's like a hangover vlog not not that
I'm hungover but like hasn't it hangs
over to the next day I'm gonna stop it
guys I will finish my frogs might I
promise yeah so that's what I'm gonna do
now we're gonna film I'll see you guys
again tomorrow for today's vlog yes good
morning everybody welcome to the 2nd of
April today I just got off the Jim
Henson look a bit crazy my hair is a bit
cray I did it I put it off yesterday but
I did it today and then chef Mike
seriously I don't know what his like
