good morning everybody welcome to the
2nd of April today just got off the Jim
Henson look a bit crazy my hair is a bit
cray
I did it I put it off yesterday but I
did it today and then chef Mike
seriously I don't know what was like
gotten into in the last few days but I
get out of the gym to this I might live
a world girl I got eggs and these are
special eggs from our friends that came
over the other day this one I think
presume is a duck egg because it's blue
and another egg they have chickens and
ducks and Mike is here good morning with
us how are you doing good
cover my sleep guess what what I can
wear makeup today so I'll see you in a
little while looking a little bit
different it's gonna be in a while it's
gonna be like whoa I can look like that
is it gonna be like stars in your eyes
tonight man I'm going to be low we're
taking the dogs for walk right now and
if you can see on piglet hair she has
her little harness on and the others
have their harnesses on - because we're
walking through the field where there's
the lambs actually been born with it
just the mummies that are pregnant there
was a lemon there yesterday by thing I'd
literally just been born either way you
lot have to be under control and on
leads and not chasing lambs or the
mummies piglet thinks this is alien to
her she actually walked slower with it
on as well she's like oh we've got a
jacket on I've got a ferret on the lead
right now ferret piglet the ferret
Mike's got the spaniels and we're off on
the Thursday morning doggy walk there's
no lambs yet just a big fat mummy sheep
that are about to pop the lambs if I can
zoom in and show you this one here has
the biggest horns I think I've ever seen
in my life that's the scariest sheep
over ever seen right there
piglet thinks she's some kind of
Rottweiler and actually quite likes to
try and chase sheep even though she
doesn't realize she is actually the size
of a ferret
can you guys spot piglet right now she
is chasing a crow across the field and
she's probably like half a mile away he
yeah he's been running for about five
minutes to get there as OSHA still going
wait stop I'm gonna try to see when I
can't even see her on the screen can you
see her
it's currently 6:52 p.m. Mike and I are
on our way
Mike Scott hat on be very casual evening
we're on our way to pick up our friends
Jack and Anton from the train station
because they're coming back from London
for the weekend for colors it is bank
holiday weekend this weekend which is a
non UK
Easter weekend means that people get
Friday and Monday off work so basically
they're coming back on Thursday night
and they've got Friday Saturday Sunday
Monday at home so it's going to be super
fun so we're going to pick them up at
day as in two boys wanted to go and see
Cinderella I wanted to see the new
divergent they haven't seen or insurgent
is what has called divergent insurgent
they didn't want to see that cuz I
haven't seen the first one that I really
want to see Cinderella it's right by
Kenneth Branagh it's gonna be really
good
Mike said no it's in the room I was
might looking forward to it so I was
really you know some of those Disney
remakes are like really good though if
it was on TV boring Sunday were had
nothing else to do
and even ci way to get that about frozen
that it's not gonna be good I'm not
gonna watch here and then I watched it
and it was amazing so you live and you
learn with these things my right so
we're not gonna go to the cinema which
everyone else wants to do because mine
doesn't want to kill a little Mike it's
called self and pick a decent movie
realistically there's actually not that
much on there was there was like am I
like a sci-fi like monsters and goblins
fight filled with benbarnes might look
alike in it sexy me says let's do
something ok so we're going to something
it's actually a beautiful day today as
well this evening it's properly spring
like it's pretty few guys can see Mike's
been mowing lawns I took the dog for a
walk just for we left it smell like
freshly cut grass one of my favorite
spring smells and there is blue skies
well it's kind of going dark with our
mouth there are steel blue skies are
there look pretty pretty it's a nice day
so yeah that's what's happening tonight
I don't really have much else to report
other than the fact that I'm wearing
mascara super excited I didn't even
notice the nose arrives Jackie said not
looking very happy if I were to say this
is probably the most grumpy I've ever
seen you because you ordered the
stinking really bad choice of news yeah
Jack got the chicken mine looks amazing
why Mike is very smart with his making a
rather large burger
I get football and truancy Wow and this
is a new member of the flogging
committee you have many more blogs
apartment
this is Anton and he got a burger as
well which as the lighting is going a
bit crazy in this underneath this now it
has blackberries on it I'm excited I
started on a bad note and I forgot to
finish my blog last night because I fell
asleep in the car Mike was driving home
we ate so much food and genuinely I
think I have to start my pre Coachella
healthy eating kick today because
honestly like this last week I've eaten
so much chocolate and just really a lot
of everything so yeah I go to the gym
this morning but yeah I'll end this blog
here and see you in the morning
hope you'll have a lovely day whenever
you're watching this there is people
were you doing looking above really nice
cats animals in general let you down
whenever you film them they either like
move start doing inappropriate things
and ask who would have them see you guys
tomorrow anyway from you vlog bye good
morning everyone and welcome back daily
vlogs today it's the first day of April
it is April Fool's Day but it's not
April Fool's I am actually blogging
every day this month I'm not sure what
to call it I feel like I've caught it 8
prov vlog
