good morning everyone and welcome back
daily vlogs today it's the first day of
April it is April Fool's Day but it's
not an April Fool's I am actually
blogging every day this month I'm not
sure what to call it I feel like I've
caught it
April vlog which is really unimaginative
named in the previous year so you guys
huh ah that's a rubbish named after vlog
mike says active log at least I'm trying
worst name ever some people call it Veda
but I don't I don't like that
everyday and eight yeah um vlogging
every day in April I think it's all
Lenny we need a new name let me know in
comments section below if you have
suggestion today is a Wednesday and I'm
not actually doing much from home today
I'm doing work on my blog Mike hasn't
left yet we're about to come all the
puppies but before that I'm making some
coffee and not just any coffee I'm
making fig pudding espresso coffee it
smells great I am going to make this now
and someone just won the lottery I want
a pretty casual 56-million what was
pickle it got what have you got she's
decided she wants it open say hi to
everybody pig did you miss them did you
miss them hello to you I missed you I
missed you her energy what is squish
decide you also go out because they've
got the key oh they got the keys naughty
monkeys are they my keys oh that's why
they want the key cause it's my keys
with the villa then it'll be on it no
how much did you win on the lottery
today Mike so much money I I think we're
gonna be changed forever yeah we're not
gonna be the same people we're gonna
have seen it what what is this
everywhere
I think you know I'm going to need like
16 bodyguards around yeah totally
16 Ferraris to Saunders you know I might
even just make my own car with me yeah
yeah how much 5,000 T Wow whoa there
I've gone crazy and I'm having crunching
out for breakfast did you worry about
because we're supposed to walking the
dogs am i late oh what a glorious
morning it is blue skies first of April
spring is here it is officially spring
isn't it yes what well if spring so
today you'll be happy to know actually I
haven't blogging whilst I've been doing
this but I'm going to do a separate
video about it is my last day of not
wearing makeup after my laser eye
surgery so I can see but I have been
able to a makeup for a week
I had it a week tomorrow morning so you
can't wear makeup for a week and you
have to have like antibiotic eye drops
four times a day for we can all batch
out so today is the last day of that and
also Mike is pleased to know today is
the last day of wearing these super sexy
I google patches when you go to sleep so
yeah and they've actually pulled out
loads of my hair at the front and yeah
not good not good I'm missing a few bits
of pets you also got quite a lot of
assets all right I wanted to show you
guys what I call piglet pom-poms look at
rocky bottom when she runs it I pom pom
pom I'd tell guys come on pick this way
and you come on pom pom bottom watch the
pod box the pod pom-poms
I've been doing crazy tidying all
morning it's now about one o'clock a
thing and I have literally been
reorganizing my office and my dressing
table in my bedroom because it was such
a mess like I wasn't to show you guys
the before but it was almost like really
and back well what was really
embarrassing how my seat was it's like
an explosion of makeup and hair products
and perfume and brushes and jewelry and
just everything was everywhere so I'm
making some lunch now I'm kind of
throwing everything that we have in the
fridge and the cupboards and the freezer
together because we have like no food in
the house some reason I think we need
been shopping later in Westfield we have
like no meat snow the fridge is pretty
much bad so I've kind of made something
up as I'm going along I've got some
making like a pasta sauce it's kind of
turned into like more of a vegetable
stew type of situation it's pretty tasty
though got some onions garlic chilli
sweet corn peas spinach tomatoes and
that's probably it yeah and then I'm
cooking a little bit of whole wheat
pasta to go with it hopefully it will
turn into something vaguely tasty it
looks pretty tasty from here right I'm
also aware that this is probably more
than I will eat it's like a portion for
about six people why just threw
everything in can I have some left over
today is also the last day I have to put
these drops in my eyes these are the
antibiotic drops which have to put in
four times a day and I'm so happy about
it because they stink really annoying
but yeah if it is in four times a day
and I put just normal eye drops in like
every two hours and have ones for the
evening and have eye fields it will all
be over soon
look at these two smoothie monkeys so
sweet
you can only get so close before they
clock that you're here hello oh so cute
keep snoozing middle bears I don't think
it turned out too badly
looks kind of tasty I'm actually really
hungry now so you give me ages to cook
it just when I scrape together the last
things in the fridge and cook the tasty
meals guess who comes home with the
mother lode of shopping well if someone
picks up her food it was on silent God
Jonas I happen to me today what so how
do those shoes from the older beard
facial hair bit Aidid
cuz I know whatever you with your
grating you always if Gregor's I'm
seventeen honest yeah no need we got in
this outfit as well looking at your most
old man like hahaha what do you buy you
buy stuff alone fish as well yes oh I've
just eaten Oh a Golf Magazine check you
out okay
no stopping you mister want me to give
me the best nothing else oh yeah for you
especially spinach kale oh wow how did
you get cereal not cereals but where's
it the piece de resistance picnic eggs
there for you uh sure it's oh that's for
me
but what has got it what is that Oh
fearless salute steak tonight the lady
said to me Oh would you like some
peppercorn sauce home ready-made I was
like no I can do myself
phew cooking McGinnis why it's special
for now mr. romantica and then I also
got which is tasty yes it was that fish
I got what is it bass sea bass check you
out mr. fancy pants how'd they think you
under 18 behind another stuff to catch
you I love you Micah so middle-aged a
monk oh ah thoughtful like an avocado
avocado why else did you get so what's
another base ocean apples huh also what
pasta flour you're gonna be making pasta
again oh hello no mr. creative what did
you get for piglet she's doing fairly
destitute I got her some dishwashing
station ya know for big youlet just like
drop one those people I got some so
we're gonna put them we're gonna put
them to yes and make them clean if you
could train your dogs to clean the house
that would be brilliant and then the
screen you gots Liam parents just for
squidge
casual what are you doing skulking
around in the corner looking for scraps
you're looking for scraps I can tell I
can tell hole had a little bit of drama
this afternoon miss piglet the dog you
are the cause of said drama what do you
have to say for yourself what happened
Mike did she get a smoker you taint you
you rat face dog rat sighs dog went to
chase a deer and what happened
disappeared for how long
piglet haha I bet she had a great time
though mike is a preparing to schref his
Chevy chef amazing poncey dinner tonight
and is panicking because we don't have
any branding and apparently brandy is
essential for making a popcorn sauce
ginger little shopping they're not
actually are you yep what's made this
like spread this romantic cheffing on
maybe I'm just a romantic husband a
romantic why no romance shefte forces in
action and he's got his piece armful so
it's gonna be all right
yes sodargye I just said one before he
goes like this pasty that is two
tablespoons of ground pepper my arm is
about to fall well I'm sure they would
have been quicker ways to do that by
villainized
I'm impressed with your dedication don't
have like a more than normal
I'm going to show you guys and what I've
done in my office cuz I change the
layout a little bit so a bit messy in
here because I've got filming stuff
going on I have basically been like
rejigging my office you all have seen
actually in the background of my videos
has changed I've changed like the rugs
and the cushions and stuff for spring
and summer this year I something I do
probably twice a year one winter look
and then one summer spring look just to
keep it kind of looking different of fun
but I love this these cushions are
actually from a place called cardi where
you won't have seen if you watched
Febvre gwee bought these at the end of
February
and then the two throws are from John
Lewis and then I've moved my
personalized IKEA Alex there and then I
have my little dressing table there
which I have this star actually got at
Christmas and I had lights around it
which I've taken off now the mirror I've
had for ages I bought it for the
downstairs Luna and up using it so
that's found a home there on the keys
and then there's just a few new bits and
bulbs this it's like a little mirror
that somebody sent me with flood force
written on it there's some books which
yes I have kind of color-coded with the
kind of like mustard yellow and the blue
and then I have this a little storage
thing which I actually got from Birchbox
when they did collaboration with habitat
which just it goes really well with the
color scheme but you don't go well with
the color scheme
Adam you do not there's a load of junk
there if you guys just spotted that that
I need to tidy up as well and then this
came down from the wall because I have
this new giant mirror here which
actually bought from HomeSense at the
weekend I'm in my gym gear I haven't
actually gone to the gym I put my gym
gear on this morning I was like so
intent we're going to gym and I just
haven't felt it so I'm gonna go tomorrow
ultimate fail but here is my big
full-length it's still got the price
label on it but um I got this so I can
potentially take a few more outfit
pictures because at the moment the only
full-length mirror we have in the house
is in our bedroom and the lighting is
really bad and it just is a very ugly
mirror so this is the current set-up
also means that I can have squidge are
you cleaning your feet on the new bed
set up you're so naughty but yeah it
means that I can have a bit more of
flexible background as you will notice
there are many stars this star actually
had to move because that went in there
but I'm liking it so far I do need to
clean up the rug is also the one that we
got from cardio think school cardi come
on quick come on squid squid you gonna
stay here on your own then I'll switch
the lights off bye bye squidgy and now
she comes stubborn
yeah so I'll update you with dinner
anyway but that's my little tidying up
date piglet came to check what was going
on nothing major you're not missing out
little foam oh look at this romantic all
set up we've got by the way guys our
tablecloth does have giant crabs on it
anyway just in case anyone's wondering
if Mike thinks that crabs are romantic
he is not the biggest fan of the
tablecloth I think it's awesome this is
smelling amazeballs peppercorn sauce is
happening peppercorns I imagine there's
cream going in there
Jake's oh this looks so good what can I
do to deserve you
the hell you do this is gonna be so good
yeah I'm standing back whoa
bloody hell Mike you actually nearly set
fire to the whole kitchen flambe Ronit
Roli look at that that's pretty cool
Mike wait once at burns off all the
alcohol
yeah burn up all that hole and then we
haven't put a knife in shoot only for
the green stop it's on pepper boom check
this out for a Wednesday night setup hey
you cheesy romantic even a monthly and
Sons on the lovin cheers my love she is
her date night at home jobs and wine
guys it's nearly Easter Mike just let me
have one of these Easter bunnies but he
won't let me crack his easter egg meet
some of the chocolate however he's
currently in the sitting room so I may
just have to steal a little bit was he
heavy isn't it you are outrageous I've
just been sitting here watching orange
is the new black which I am loving the
moment like obsessing that I know I am
late on bandwagon Mike's like oh it
makes me anxious and piglet is just
having a good evening
Oh chilly Oh chilling so it's officially
my last night of these if you guys are
wondering why I've got these underneath
it's because I have really sensitive
skin on my cheeks and it's been living
really really red so I have them like as
a barrier so sexy Mike you love this
Sony Oh best thing ever
hi how amazing laser eye surgery has
been for your looks
love it see you guys tomorrow bye hey
guys and welcome back to another vlog
today Mike and I are going on a super
exciting magical romantic adventure
Mike's driving we're going around a
really sharp corner
so today we're actually going to bath
which I'm very excited about because I
have been to bath in ages
