sunrise in the desert is pretty magical
jet lag is getting slightly better can
you tell well it will rested I
definitely don't sound well rested it is
like six o'clock right now as you wake
up like house five naturally and I'm
kind of happy because my hotel room
alarm clock was set for 6:00 a.m. and if
I hadn't have woken up before that I
would have been really annoyed about
that she says that a lot of motel rooms
anyway you have to choose their foam of
where dry excited folks chela day two we
didn t see that much yesterday because
by the time we got there and kind of
checked in hotel and everything it was
kind of made but some very obnoxious
noise just started so I'm hoping you
guys in company here oh I'm very excited
to take is bon iver Bastille and lady
Java are all playing I sound like a
grandpa when Helen having a bit of a
breakfast off we are
when's overall neither the pancake
situation is pretty strong I mean
interesting combination this thing I
don't know what it is how it started
coming to the Avalon hotel for the key
lunch
thank you oh my god it's our own Annette
someone is using some Sun cream today
little bit fun it had to the shine look
at the shimmer yeah my mom
pleasure to be here again it's our six
capella you know we have those kind of
long-term in there the painter would
feel for a really long time so there's
no other place that we want to celebrate
it more than the Katella Valley and of
course with all of you so I'm really
thrilled to now introduce our special
performer tonight
sorry shooting the best boomerangs ever
with these things yeah
on our way to the Raval party which we
went to last year and it was epic so
fingers change is going to be a disaster
it's got police here basically they have
like shut down the party and I don't
like them because there's people
everywhere
I just just to back off the party they
come from all those because we're black
we look at all I feel are playing it
about how I want to lead we we're
walking to top just II mean we and they
drink on us are going to get there I
don't know where we're going now the
green right when like where where do we
get head towards the they said Green
Festival green path right I think it's
up there
we've discovered a section of Coachella
we've never discovered before if the
ladies powder room what what is in here
oh hello I think you have to make
appointments no I'll look I've got some
styling going on tampons in case Hey
I just got probably the tastiest looking
thing I've ever seen in my life it's
like curry and poutine and it's amazing
and I've got two margaritas and Helen
soul has been vegan one I love it I mean
that isn't Regan and I really don't know
it's some vegetarian yeah babe I just
got closed on it in the queue a lady was
like is it vegan laughs I don't know
it's not mine don't quiz me and we got
two margaritas for the keyword weilong
and look at this awesome picture and it
could click really lab amazing either
what everybody and everybody not bottom
of your side bar clarified again I will
be making a samosa please be more volume
ah
I'm terrible I didn't finish my vlog
laughs likes to go back so late but it
was super super fun I'm going to
continue vlogging today which is
actually like tomorrow's vlog which is
actually today's we will see you there
Jamie is like staring at me we watching
but yes I'll see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog bye
