hey guys and welcome back to another
vlog today Mike and I are going on a
super exciting magical romantic
adventure Mike's driving we go around a
really sharp corner so today we're
actually going to bath which I'm very
excited about because I have been to
bath in ages like yes I feel like 20
years in solid really a lot along I
probably went maybe like six years ago
but still a long time and i really like
it's a really nice place basically sony
invited us along to go and watch a gig
tonight we're going to see Laura Doggett
which I'm super excited about because
she's awesome and yeah so we're going oh
it out bath and we're making a romantic
all weekend mini break out of it and
staying over think we can move not only
breakfast well and like one night one
night but then two days it's Friday
Saturday weekend I think it counts as
the weekend oh yeah forgot about your I
look at mike's I so I had a fight with a
rose bush look at this and someone's got
a black eye hmmm fighting yeah the rose
bush pletely but I beat in a long run i
won I wonderful it does actually look so
sore hazel we're off to pass now we will
see that our bottle ball but let's have
a bath in math so we've arrived in bars
and we checked into our room and they
gave us an upgrade I'm super excited we
have a super super nice cream so I
thought before we go and get some grub
we would do a quick room tour I realize
my lipstick may have rubbed off but you
know we're gonna roll with it so this is
what a room looks like there's the
entrance and there's a desk which oh my
god I'm trying to upload my video and is
currently it's already sixty-five
percent done and it's currently saying
196 minutes to do the last thirty five
percent not very cool looks like it's
going to be up late here's the beautiful
bed so pretty I love the color scheme in
here it's so nice actually really like
the wallpaper as well mike is here
looking like a cool dude wearing
sunglasses to cover up the fact that
he's got a little black eye and looks
like a lout it's a very fancy hotel they
were very um super polite when we
checked in its what's it called the
Royal Crescent Hotel yeah is it that's
correct yeah the Royal Crescent Hotel
like oh yes might excite put his glasses
on
you can see this black eye and this is
our view our bosses all night no it's
all right when it's dark now and be able
to see or you just look hard I'm like
too cool for school these days I was
here sunglasses at night loser so yeah
this is what it looks like outside
there's a garden down there and that's
like the main part of the hotel and then
this is the rest of the room there's a
tiny bag we shared this back for any
coming over night and then in here is
the bathroom and I'm totally obsessed
with these lights how cool are they did
you notice these my star lights love
them this is like the same mirror we
have in our bathroom pretty much love it
I love this bathroom everything about it
yeah and I'll do a quick out of the day
for we go as well cuz I think we're
going for afternoon tea Mike was just
looking through the brochure oh where is
it there's a picture look at these look
at the baths we should go for a proper
bath bath Roman bar bar bar a bath in
bath what I look at that room and this
is what the afternoon tea looks like I
don't you should go and sample that yeah
so quick outfit of the day before we
leave God's lucky I lightful it's Nicky
Mariam I know it Mike doesn't have to do
it cuz I'm Gothel like never once in my
life I'm wearing my biker jacket from
zara my like fake layered top is from
Primark my skirts from Topshop last
summer and then I have on black opaque
tights and my top shop bootays which are
a little small one like working on
breaking them in and then i have my
rebecca minkoff tassel wag and that is
my outfit of the day we're sitting in
the beautiful gardens of the hotel you
can see such a nice day still sitting
outside we're having some afternoon tea
um I went before the champagne often tea
which actually comes with three
different champagnes all at the same
time making me look a slightly alcoholic
but this is what we have they are coming
the police are coming the Popo
we have amazing i CNT with lots of how
tasty they look sandwiches so good scum
I'm just already and then one this is my
plate here I'm not sharing this play
with you and you're not sharing the
colors look what a beautiful evening it
is guys Barth is also we are off to the
gate now mike is still wearing
sunglasses it's so gangster these days
it's been such a nice it's actually just
starting to get cold now trying to get a
little bitchy i wish i'd prob cook
seriously noisy bird right venue and we
are hanging out to is on like strict
voice rest of my fresh meat I'm entering
longer I'm good being smart being as
father no and are you drinking right now
this is a special concoction right like
videos by then so justly didn't i t'ink
want change this little thanks the tea
right I'm ran out and I happy it smells
for you have to say it smells great oh
yeah you know put it immediately my arms
got
ready that means ever was not crazy like
I mean I won't be seen just a crowd we
get you know I need you don't know it'll
be good hit that yeah its gaming it I'll
show you guys she's no longer sick me
you don't mind it but she's here
and say you watch break it down Dana
pocket holds yours now and your cheeks
you know that she won't like
she's my mother
on the moon
now
mystery
hello
so we just left the gig and it was
amazing I really really enjoyed that and
we are walking back to our hotel now did
you like that Mike good take your
sunglasses off boy we all know you've
got a black guy now no Laura was so good
it was actually really cool getting to
meet her before wall because she was
super super nice and super friendly and
then on stage it's just like she kind of
reminds me of florence the machine but
more research like a bit more raw and
she's so softly spoken even on stage as
well and then when she sings she just
caught like serious power and the voice
is crazy going back to the hotel now and
do we have to get something on my
we do you have to get an iphone cable
out what a surprise forgot to charge my
phone ran out of battery oh can we move
to park I want to live in bar it's quite
always it is I'd miss my mum some type
of dogs would come with us though yeah I
think hey good morning for bar why can I
go out fairly well it's like quarter to
nine and come from little wander around
bath because it's a beautiful day
beautiful this is this is our hotel from
the outside pretty the Royal Crescent
isn't it beautiful we are going to go to
breakfast I hope it's tasty meeting oh
look at this delightful way forgot to
vlog breakfast basically
we fail we are going to head home now so
that's going to be it for this little
mini adventure log we're going to see
the puppies moms looking after the dogs
so I feel like we should leave her and
considering they are very very naughty
however I decided I want to come back to
pass cuz i really like it here do you
know what every girl today so I'm so
much I'll be really embarrassing we had
some yummy exported I want to be back to
bars and live in that house there yeah
maybe and thanks so much for watching
guys I'll see you again soon because I
meant to be vlogging every day in April
is that something we should do we do
that mean you can do it I don't know I
don't know I felt we should all today
and you should do daily vlogging to Mike
everything for just trying to offload
the workload to mike's um yeah so this
is a very nice treat we are going back
now and see you again in my next video
hey guys and welcome to part 2 of my
dallas vlog so today is beautycon it's
about nine o'clock now and I've just got
ready to go I'm kind of nervous like
most of these events I feel like I know
more people Nikki's going to be there
