hey guys and welcome to part 2 of my
Dallas vlog so today is beautycon it's
about nine o'clock now and I've just got
ready to go I'm kind of nervous like
most of these events I feel like I know
more people Nikki's gonna be there but
not till a bit later and I don't really
know that many people like my a little
bit nervous I'll show you my outfit you
don't have my shoes on yet but this is
what I'm wearing shut this door you guys
well then it's like darker I don't know
but yeah this dress is from oasis I
don't think I'm going to wear the
jackets later on switch the light on
that better yeah that's better I don't
think I'm gonna wear this jacket like
actually later on because it adds like a
little bit of bulk to it it's actually
quite cold outside so i'm wearing my
Oasis dress my jager like black belts
and then my River Island jacket and then
i'm wearing my valentino rockstud on the
bottom which are in my bag this is such
a cop-out for an outfit that I'm not
showing you guys the shoes but because
i'm driving there i wanted to wear flats
driving because it's pretty dangerous
driving in heels and then i have my
whistles clutch as well so that's the
look and it will be like heels with
black rocks ads so that's my outfit of
the day we're gonna go now I've got half
a iced green tea to drink and then we
will do Beauty call so we just got to
beauty card and it's like
huge space this is an airport hangar I
think it's not for
we've just done the some photos and now
we are walking across to like lounge
huge coup people waiting to buy merch is
about the merch is really cool
and there's like high and there's like
so many
you
beats me Charles
okay so we finished the retard which is
cool it went really well it was actually
really long to make feet are hurting a
lot and I have found a chair and I found
a strawberry jam burger okay this is a
mini burger or a slider as they call
them in America with strawberry jam
goats cheese and a fresh strawberry on
the top I
I tried anything like this before
excited so I've left beautycon now it
had such a good time it was so fun and
crazy awesome it was really really good
we are now we're now in the northpark
center ago were taunting at some food
because I'm really hungry and that's
what we're doing where she going to a
rodeo tonight so we have a couple of
hours I'm gonna grab some food and a few
bits involved and then head back to the
hotel I'm like really really excited
about the rodeo like I've never done
anything at all like that in my life
before so it's going to be an experience
today is an awesome day and I got
changed as well obviously I'm not gonna
like don't get food in the mall in my
like high heels and dress so yeah I just
have on my list on CL scarf and then my
Primark jumper and Mizar jeans and my
trainers that i bought the other day
that she from nine west and my Phillip
Lim bag and let's go and eat some cake
right now I don't know why 13 on level 3
okay let's remember that surprise
surprise we got frozen yogurt I got cake
batter red velvet and tiramisu with a
load of peanut things and caramel you
got a lot of nuts vanilla banana and
tiramisu and nuts and every kind of nut
hat is mom's first ever frozen yoga
experience we found our way into a
traditional Texan shop mum soaking the
cowboy hat cowboy boots just generally
getting in the mood for the rodeo no
this is slightly ridiculous but this is
my third outfit of the day for the rodeo
I'm not looking very texan right now
guys I do realize this but you know I
didn't have much else so I have on my
made while scarf that I've had for like
a couple of years I love it so much for
all the time my prime mock jumper which
I had on before and then I've popped on
my new look duster coat over my jeans
and the shoes are still the same but
that is my third outfit well there's
three hands the three fingers third
outfit of the day in parma
jyoti garcia mexican restaurant which is
super super popular and this is where we
are right now it's actually been an
amazing sunset it's like seriously
little bit Nikki's here my mum's here
looking rotax and everyone else is
looking for a la normal and I'm just
English also hookers here hi guys and
we're gonna go to Mexico so apparently
there's only two options at this
blissful you get and said we could go
any shorter yeah what's the difference I
think an enchilada is what's cookin come
on Jesus and then we'll make the drizzle
is a song every bacon and then enchilada
she saw the individual toppings I think
that you put mom that's mrs. Harper he
does yeah what are you like live in LA
you should know that I know you're not
focused I'm sorry I'm distracted
everything is the same to Mexico like
I'm in kind of a low it's a different
route there's like the same thing you
know driving oh goodness and that was
restaurant into baby
restaurant I've ever been to my
they have the most amazing sale so we
watch it making like 5000 margaritas
which is always a good thing I've also
discovered another reason why I love
Nikki Bella Quinn
she drinks red wine with a strong hey
future looks pimp red in your teeth
geox look at this demonstration perfect
surprise surprise she also has her own
cup of tea
in her own car that came from LA with
her like dedication the food has arrived
I'm just throwing out there there's
eight of us this is our table of food
right now this is only in Texas so we
have so much food I'm the only one that
got enchiladas as well everyone else
I'm like in my heart see Mickey's loving
it looks like yeah we're actually in
Texas right now look at this guy's
there's a balloon this is a saloon as a
sign here that says panties or not this
is short like pentathlon to meet a voted
best place to meet singles look at this
we are in life we're in Texas everyone
is very very excited we're on our way to
the rodeo this place looks cool Texas is
great we're at the rodeo guys were a
little bit late everyone else seems to
be leaving I love you to go in and out
with offices this is where we're going
right now it actually looks like a film
set it's really it doesn't look real
these guys are like running right now my
blog section this is it smells like I
feel like
this is really really exciting with my
own eyes
I'm a cowboy house right now I can't
even deal with it
thank you I'm just like blocking
everyone's back brilliant good guys
cowboy gonna be jealous mice so I've
never even thought of doing the dudes
right here
nice outfit
Oh
hey was behind about so the rodeo was
amazing my favorite part with it how
girls will even out to buy this is where
the rodeo was we're now going I think
probably for a drink at the Fort Worth
stockyard area risky's steak risky's yes
steak house looks amazing there's like
fairy lights everywhere this is amazing
and I love in Texas right now you know
for drink is probably gonna be it for
today's well guys I hope you guys
enjoyed it and we're flying back
tomorrow so I'm probably not going to do
any more vlogging contact I had a great
time I hope you guys did too thank you
so much every week and beautifully came
up to my touch with me I love you guys
see you all very soon in the browser I'm
an angel or Twitter Instagram snapchat
nikki is like making me obsessed with
snapchat every every five truck and
she's like sending your snapchat like I
need to be more snapchat right now we're
going to be snapchat buddies we're not
snap chatting in them right bye guys
will be going well you you know it will
be guys so it's about six o'clock on
wednesday morning right now as you Raven
tell i have a little bit of a cold but
not going to stop me i'm off to Dallas I
packed my bags they are sitting here
waiting and now I'm ladies
