good morning guys so it's about 6
o'clock on Wednesday morning right now
as you're able to tell I haven't looked
over cold but it's not gonna stop me I'm
off to Dallas I've packed my bags they
are sitting here waiting and now I'm
waiting for my mum who is coming with me
so I just wanted to show you guys the
sunset or sunrise even got it is that
early yeah look at that pretty it's pink
come on mom hurry up we are going to the
airport and going to beautycon Texas bye
beautiful girl I love you I love you
tricky bye bye bye like when are you
going this early in the morning
bye pig I love you guys I love you guys
look after Mike actually probably can't
see mom because it's so dark we are in F
right now we're getting a little bit we
take off got some scrambled eggs and
smoked salmon some toast and coffee
which is much needed
I'm feeling really tired but I think we
have like an hour drive fire fight we
can fit in a little shopping so we made
it to dies we're in our rental car I've
kind of made mom truck I was too scared
and we currently we just missed our turn
you'll and if you guys can see out the
bag there is a crazy intersection with
like or it looks like Spaghetti Junction
there's like stuff going everywhere ok
we need to go left here mum follow that
car in front go go go Oh God
scary we've arrived in our room it's
actually super nice I thought it would
do a quick room tour for you all because
I'm quite excited about this room so
here's the door when you come in and
after you come in mom is laughing at me
on the right there's a closet as you see
we've like unpacked I don't normally do
this like properly unpack but I feel
like because mother was doing it I felt
like maybe I should unpack this is my
site my clothes I brought with me and my
bags I put four bags for four days it's
that really bad I think it's quite bad
and then last bum side and then this is
the room so it's really big we've got
loads of space there's mom coughing away
and we've got two beds that one's my bed
and that one's mom's bed I was very
happy about this because normally when I
have to share a bed with mum she gets a
bit cozy and she cuddles and like mum
get off me especially now because I've
got a cold so yeah and then this is the
rest of the room we've got some arm
chairs and a sofa and a desk and it's a
super super nice evening look outside
the window and you can see Dallas blue
skies nice sunset I think we're you
going to get some drinks but we have a
booking for dinner in about 45 minutes
so that's what Dallas looks like and
then yeah this is the rest of the room
but the only thing that's kind of weird
is that the room is huge
and then the bathroom is pretty small so
this is the bathroom all of our stuff is
there and then there's a shower so it's
pretty small in the bathroom but the
room is big and I'm glad we have two
beds because like I said mum gets overly
cozy although I just wanted to show you
this because because right yeah I might
have such you've got a cold as well hear
me both ill the both you snore in a way
these are the pajamas that mum bought
stars these are the pajamas that I
bought stars and snowflakes but they've
got stars on them too like little ones
see like mother like daughter come for
dinner in
place called home which is a little walk
down from on hotel missing what looks
like his mum it's romantic or setting
right here and on the walls
there's caricatures of like apparently
famous people but I've eaten here but I
have no idea who any of them are it's an
estate restaurant but we know what you
say well just in case he wants a new
bread bum sound of bread for two people
so the food has arrived I have a lot of
crab cakes this is like a lot I'm
excited about this and mum got linguine
with clams in a steak restaurant
ultimate fail but we're here for four
days I just took a big chunk of meat
having just got off a really long flight
jet like it's starting to kick in and
I'm feeling a bit like you know that
delusional weird feeling starting to
feel that it's our first official day in
Dallas and I thought it would do a quick
outfit today before we leave we're going
shopping today surprise surprise
I've curled my hair using my GHD waver
although you know when you're ill and
you get really clammy hands it's the
worst feeling when you're trying to curl
your hair because it's just like gross
just gross
but yeah so then I have on my black H&M
tea with my j.crew star necklace and my
house of holo
sharp-toothed not real shark to this
gold one so then my jacket is from River
Island my Topshop jeans and then my YSL
left flats I'm also taking my Phillip
Lim bag which I actually quite liked
with this jacket and show you guys so
that is my outfit today
off we go shopping I'm super excited to
hit up Sephora j.crew and everywhere
else Lululemon as well oh my god I feel
like I haven't been to America in ages
much shopping in America
mom's excited are you not what are you
wearing today mom um do you not know a
jacket black jacket right no the jacket
from Massimo Dutti yeah shirts probably
from Zara no ticky max ah TJ Max Jean
Zara Zara
shoes Michael Kors Oh check you out what
about your bag look love however you say
it looks like low but it's felt like
lover
no it may have just met up Sephora which
you can see behind me major damage was
done and my mom actually bailed halfway
she was like I just find support so
boring I'm gonna go and look in this
shop which is our house look I get it I
get it now our house to get it our house
in the middle of our street I try to
avoid going into oh she's there what she
fell out she's found something I try and
avoid going into shops like this in
America because they have the most
amazing things and you can never buy
them and it basically makes me like want
everything in the whole shop and I can
never buy them and she's in a kitchen
bathroom and outdoor shop now she will
be wanting something thicker she found
coffee what do you do I don't know
so it comes to lunch at my school Kona
grill I'm actually have a cold last time
I was in dollars it was so good I'm
hungry the one thing jetlag makes really
like food eating schedules really crazy
but I'm so excited about this right now
guys I can't even convey how excited I
am I have a checker board role which is
spicy tuna and yellowtail with yumminess
inside its got like asparagus and YUM
I have a ceviche bowl which looks really
good and mum has the world's biggest
salad and it has was it grilled
asparagus so we can get a chicken it
looks yummy I'm going to devour this in
traffic right now driving in Texas for
the first time a little bit scary but
traffic makes it easy you don't have to
actually go anywhere so we're in the
hotel bar right now we've just got some
drinks I got a cranberry cucumber mojito
I don't know what is up with the focus
and mum got some wine they've just given
us these crests they are no joke the
spiciest crisps I like I have a lot
spice and my mouth is on fire huh
absolutely on fire and we're getting
ready to go and meet the girls from
style home for dinner which I'm super
excited about because I haven't seen
them since probably boutique or New York
which is like nearly a year ago long
time morning guys it is day two in
Dallas or three depending on how you
look at it I didn't actually volcanic
dinner last night because we were too
busy chatting but it had a really really
good time and today it is gray and
miserable outside it's already about 11
o'clock because I've just filmed edited
and uploaded a Sephora haul so if you
haven't already seen that go and check
that out and talking about things if you
haven't really seen I also if you guys
remember a photo shoot that I did with
min Max Beauty like two or three weeks
ago screaming skirmish the photos and
out up and if you guys want to see them
I will link them below they are amazing
like so so cool I'm so happy with them
and yeah let me know what you guys think
you should check them out anyway so this
is what Dallas looks like today
Bray and miserable and slightly rainy so
I think we're heading to
an outlet mall we're doing a lot of
shopping like we've obviously done
shopping yesterday and shopping today
but then we're not shopping tomorrow
thereafter so we're getting all our
shopping done early I'm actually quite
hungry we had breakfast we've been
waking up at like 20 past 6:00 and then
having breakfast at like half 7:00 so
today by the time it gets to like midday
I'm like seriously I could eat a scabby
dog not that I would ever your dog but
you know and this is today's outfit it's
pretty casual actually I'm just wearing
my t-shirt from Massimo Dutti the same
necklaces as yesterday when it will soak
like biker jacket thing from the cupola
my Phillip Lim bag the same as yesterday
where's our jeans the same as every
single day of my life and these I
actually bought yesterday I love them
there's some comfy yeah they're gonna be
going in the whole video from this like
in the clothing haul but yeah sighs my
outfit for shopping let's go eat
I also thought as well there is in an
out in Texas so we may just be making
like super super jealous
and going to in and out today I'm
excited so we made it in and out and
actually some pretty hairy driving away
champion down the green
in an hour are you thinking well to look
at my community future
owlette mall sucked so we came back here
and now we're actually heading out had a
bit of a quick refresh I just put some
gum in my mouth I'm sorry I apologize
talking with Garmin rude yeah so now
we're going to style hole launch party
for beautycon it's actually pretty early
it's quarter to five but we're meeting
some flyers downstairs I go to the party
and Nikki's gonna be there I'm super
excited they just finished like if you
want to see him and what Nikki's book
you might be upset anything I say it'll
be great
the Texan we're not getting on this but
there is a school bus to transport
people back to hotel like a proper
American yellow school bus and I'm
really jealous right now
she was school bus right now I'm just
gonna go in and just take a little peek
about what the school bus is like
because this is like legit really
exciting so this is the American school
bus and there's like nobody honor
there's like ten people on it but this
is very novelty for me I'm a bit
overexcited about it the food arrives
and I am pleased to announce I have
grits I finally managed to do it he's
like my favorite thing ever I mean just
creepy people in here this is remember
now like being an ass someone
you liking the gritstone but before we
leave I want to show you guys
they have like DIY s'mores on the table
what so there's fire if you guys are
English and you've never had a small
before mom had never had one either
we're in like the kind of campsite tree
woodland setting we have the fire mom is
melting the marshmallows the first time
she's ever done a small she's learning
Nicki's drinking chugging my walk we're
like everyone else just like now Alex
mom what are you doing
I like what you love with all enough so
we're just yeah so yeah basically a
small if your English mum's doing it
wrong because you might put the
chocolate on okay mum puts the chocolate
on top you get the graham cracker they
call them but in England we will call
them graham crackers Graham yeah Ram
with a proper way diagram yes that's the
real way to say things you American the
graham cracker and then you put the
chocolate on and it melts because the
marshmallow is hot mum is demonstrating
perfectly and then you put another
cracker on top you squish it together
and then you eat it
this is your mad eat it now mum I can't
remember his believe you have to devour
that delicious perfection basically the
coolest coolest communal pudding ever
ever that's going to be it I think this
I'm going to do another vlog tomorrow
like a separate one otherwise this bulb
is going to be like five hours long so
I'm gonna say goodbye here and I'll see
you tomorrow for beautycon dollars I'm
excited I'm really excited Mickey's
excited too
maybe it's just dancing look at this
this is the doctrine hair is coming out
that's enough for tonight guys
I'll see you bye welcome what are you
two doing hooligans welcome to the very
last day of hope today we are back in
one of my favorite places
we're in Westfield hundreds Westfield
for ages
these guys are full
