hi guys welcome to that what are you two
doing hooligans welcome to the very last
day of folklore
today we are back in one of my favorite
places
we're in Westfield I have been to
Westfield for ages
these guys are fools we're doing a lot
more Shirley whose hands delight for
breakfast and oh there's an esop shop
that's new so yeah we're going to do a
little bit of Saturday morning shopping
and then they were looking alright there
are a few new shots are going to assess
the situation see what happens
I thought the way it grows this holster
on might ok if we don't like gross
things turn off now I'm going to show
you it's gonna be graphic watch out hit
really hot
I've gotta go and get some bonjela
ahsoka tano so I swollen up in
discussing I did warn you but yeah
towstee to tease let's go and buy tea
should we go and have a look let's kind
of have a look look at this awesome tea
shop
it's called tea - I think we should go
sniffing some tea look at this as a
shame such a shame we didn't come in
here before Becky's birthday she'd love
it these are so cool look at these tea
cups we are currently waiting for juice
surprise surprise
Mike did not get a juice because he is
an unhealthy weasel I'm not sure I
understand
parent Anthony mine is not mine is
navigating policing new pool I would
like to find out if I'm not hungry
hey Mike a little purchase that can't be
there a little one with awesome cushions
we got a lot of cushions
we're basically employing everybody to
carry all the cushions this place is
amazing it's like a Moroccan shop in
Westfield and they do be most affordable
what beautiful cushions I'll show you
guys later
therefore my office because at the
moment I've got all the cushions from my
bedroom and my office so we've basically
taken the wall out and our bedroom is my
empty cushion so yes cushion center of
the whole shops the lady behind us was
not very impressed so we just got home
and I am currently brewing a cup of long
chalk ilat try that I bought from that
tea shop it is smelling great I'm very
very excited about that and we are
actually going to be going to burning
tonight to watch the marmoset play
because I bought Mike some tickets for
Valentine's Day but it's 6:30 now and by
the looks of things I don't think we're
going to end up going because this is
the current situation we have all three
dogs sleeping next to or on top of Mike
and Mike Himself is snoozing facedown on
the sofa I think we're gonna have to
call it a Miss tonight we've literally
had such a busy week also want to find
out how many toys do these dogs need
this is ridiculous
it's like screeches private place yeah I
think we're gonna stay home tonight
because we just been kind of overdoing
it it's a shame because I really really
want to see the moms acts that were my
favorite bands but I just don't I think
Mike's up for it so yeah I have some s
T's through now I'm gonna drink my tea
and get some work so it's a bit later
now and I'm in my PJs
I'm gonna call it a night here because
basically it's quite late and I'm quite
tired and when you go to bed I've just
been sorting stuff out tonight ready for
next week I've got a really really busy
week next week but an exciting one I've
kind of felt bad that not vlogging I
might try and vlog I'm definitely gonna
vlog some of March because I'm going to
Dubai next week and I'm Dallas the week
after for Peter Khan so there's
definitely gonna be some exciting stuff
going on so I will be blogging some of
it but I'm not gonna be daily vlogging
next month I will be back daily vlogging
in April for you guys and I just want to
say as well thank you so much to
everybody who has watched this month
I've had a really fun time vlogging
again and it's been really nice like
falling back in love with vlogging in
like over vlogmas and then fedorov i've
really really loved it
so I will be back in April I don't want
to commit to doing daily vlogs like
every day of the year or something like
that because I know it takes me out of
it takes it out of me doing it so it
usually means quite a lot of late nights
and kind of uploading and it's an extra
kind of couple of hours out of my day
every day for that month so I think
every other week or every other month
even works out really well for me
personally and I know a lot of you guys
say that you'd like to see it so thank
you guys for watching I've had an
amazing month thank you so much to
everybody who went out for my book
actually home right in front of me this
wasn't planned I just had on the table
thank you so much I actually can't read
this out and that all of that happened
this month Wow
thank you to everybody came to the
signings the book that tweeted me that
wrote me a comment about it seriously I
had the best month ever even if I am a
bit tired has been a pretty crazy manic
month but it's been so so good yes so
that's it for today I'll see you guys
again soon not in April I'll definitely
do a couple at least a couple of vlogs
in the next few weeks so you guys can
check out what I've been up to if not
follow me on Twitter and Instagram
because I tend upload like a lot of
daily stuff on there and snapchat I do
snapchat like quite a bit I'm not really
very good at using it I'm not really
sure how to use it but I quite like it
so yeah follow me on snapchat if you
want i'm just flood force as with most
things yeah and i'll see you guys very
soon thank you again and
you all very very much bye guys morning
everybody welcome to third vlog day 27
it's nearly over today is the last but
one day that what's that can ultimate
that's the word today has been a quite a
busy morning I've been filming all
morning since at 7 it's now 11:50
