good morning everybody welcome to that
blog day 27 it's nearly over today is
the last but one day before sack can
ultimate that's the word today has been
a quite a busy morning I've been filming
all morning since at 7:00 it's now 1152
and I'm on my way to London with my bro
he is driving cuz we're both going out
to them today I have a really exciting
shoot with Revlon it's not really a
shoot it's like the launch of their
studio which I don't know I'll show you
got to tell you more about later when
I'm actually there but yeah we're a
little bit hurry 52 minutes later than
we had planned to leave but we had left
like loads of time so I think you have
to be there what three I have to be
there at 2:00 so hopefully it's gonna be
alright and yeah I was going tonight
exciting you nervous really yeah so you
guys obviously saw the tour bus tour a
couple of days ago today is the last
date on the tour so it's gonna be super
super exciting
parenting there's people queuing outside
already according to Twitter so yeah
it's gonna be a big kick to my really
excited Mike's going to meet us down
there after work my sister's going lots
of friends are going it's gonna be
really fun night so that it's always
happening
and it's a sunny day for once it was so
great the last couple of days I think
today is gonna be a good day and I
didn't get the chance to have any
breakfast this morning it's nearly 12
o'clock now
so I raided the fridge and the only
things that I have this is like a brunch
situation I don't think I was eating
breakfast either it's sweet and spicy
chilli beetroot which is really good but
a slightly odd and a few pink marks as
champagne truffles in a heart-shaped
Valentine's Day box and sparkling water
not not the most healthy of days to be
honest but I'm hoping I might be able to
get a good dinner tonight at Revlon HQ
and I'm in their color studio which we
are launching sale it's so exciting
because basically it is a room full of
cool things to make awesome Instagram
pictures so at the moment we have just
stuck a Revlon lip stick into a cupcake
into a wine glass with sequins and we're
taking pictures of it this is my kind of
Friday afternoon
we've got cupcakes we've got about a
million lipsticks make you feel the
cotton has tissue paper wrapping paper
wall paper glitter notebook some random
book as well there some jewelry these
are my favorites as well look at this
such a cool coaster which actually are
from Anthropologie I might have to go
get my hands on some of these I also
really like this brightness from H&M
which I have never been into H&M home
looks amazing and we've got a whole
table full of makeup to play with super
super exciting and everybody else in the
room the Revlon guys and more cupcakes
just in case we get extra hungry I'm
thinking I might eat this one later but
I just had a really really awesome time
with the girls from Revlon that was such
a fun Friday afternoon I wish I could
spend all of my Friday's doing that to
be honest I am now on my way to stop in
at a benefit event because my friend
Gareth is doing the hair for it and he
texted me last night are you coming like
stopping to get head on I have about an
hour to kill before I'm going for dinner
with my sister and some of my friends so
that is what I'm doing I also stopped in
to and for apology to get a couple of
things the last few things for my
Mother's Day gift bite which I'm filming
on Sunday with my mum so watch out for
that my main channel like I don't think
I've filmed over here with my mum oh
very very long time I think she's quite
nervous but
yeah that's coming up this week and I'm
walking through Soho
I'm pretty cold that's had my hair done
by the amazing Gareth so you have all
seen for many times best friend barley
benefit of open their own bar but
there's actually like a lounge upstairs
and I just had this awesome packet and
I'm loving it ready to go to cakes my
butt a little cheeky little glass of
sparkly and we've got the most amazing
place I love it that it might all
I created here and I go tacos oh yeah
so we just go ahead and we're in the
backstage bar and I wanted to show you
guys the window show the proud baby in
here
drink
it's like oh yeah
finishing it is Jack the Ripper we quit
with the card payments we're missing the
show they've just started we make star
Phillip Owen cry I miss you we're using
the special entrance oh this is just the
normal entrance
supposed to say good night on her blog
today but hey guys welcome to vlog day
26 today I am walking the dogs I'm home
and my mom is here like she doesn't want
to be on camera because she has a hood
up and no microphone and just doesn't
wanna be on camera today I feel like
that some days
