hey guys welcome to vlogmas
I am walking the dogs I'm home and my
mom is here though she doesn't want to
be on camera because she has a hood up
and no microphone and just doesn't wanna
be on camera today I feel like that some
days but I vlog so you guys see me
looking horrendous and yes poor you
basically I have my coffee and we're
walking the dogs and got about 20
minutes before the Sainsbury's guys get
here because we're filming three recipe
videos today Mike's not here today so
I'm filming on my own which is the first
time I've ever done that so we will see
how yeah on Mike tends to do a lot of
the actual like cooking side of things a
lot of time and I do the presenting so
we could end up with some dodgy recipes
but yeah it's gonna be fun and I think
there's a new camera lady coming today
so we'll see how that goes and yes that
is my Thursday today is a pretty
missable day not gonna lie it's
currently looking like this
grace guy great mood slight bit of rain
no I'm actually in a really good mood
I'm just quite tired but the dogs are
loving it
piglet was so funny when I got back last
night I don't think I've ever seen her
so excited and it made my day
this is piglet in her natural habitat
camouflage Pig she's like no I am
adventuring leave me alone so we've just
finished the first recipe which is rose
cupcakes
how amazing do these look I'm not sure
when the recipe will go live but if we
just before Mother's Day
it's an early surprise mum's here she's
seen them but the icing tastes so good
I'm a little bit high on sugar and icing
from eating all this bear icing right
now but yeah I'm quite proud of these
normally we do Mike and I do it together
and he kind of takes the lead with a lot
of the cooking I'm gonna be really smug
when you gets home tonight so it's a bit
later now I finished filming piglet was
going crazy and I've come over to mums
to actually bring the cupcakes that we
made for her because they had so I just
got to mums and really she did not need
these cupcakes because this is why I
brought them over
knew she had this dome I thought it
looked so pretty in it but she just
cooked fresh banana bread oh my god it's
amazing cause this mom just flapjack
what's that for
the builders this stuff is so good but
I'm going to think is one of my favorite
things mm-hmm piggy are you having a
nice cuddly time with that look at you
you're a spoiled girl oh and you and you
attention seeking oh I missed you guys
that's just falling asleep on the sofa I
wanted to show you guys all three of the
dogs next to his do you know coming
Tuesday so funny mum's cooking we could
be spent on spagbol
I think it's in here let's have a look
it's a hot night bubbling away I'm
actually really hungry even though I've
eaten quite a lot today we cook fish and
chips as well and they gobble that up
Michael on his way back he's been up to
Cheshire's today so it's got quite long
dry how we're gonna tie it when he comes
back she left like 7:30 this morning so
the spaghetti is ready and we're still
waiting for Mike we're gonna dish up cuz
we think he's about 30 seconds away my
hair is all come out looking a bit
cray-cray I've been cuddling my puppies
on this sofa I'm so hungry
it's looking tasty oh yeah here's my
dinner it's a massive bowl of pasta and
look who's back
hello Yuri Oh dog attacks in the bars
how are you doing tired how was your day
long Lizzie boring funds I think crazy
wild wild your hair looks nice
just filled we missed you we missed you
cookin table you see we made so we made
look look look okay yeah you're not
putting them do you like them what's in
them they look roses look very well done
what do you think's in handbook okay
what kind of uh flavoring
what flavouring Mike what flavoring
these things in them that help it no
banana it's chocolate with rose flavored
I supposed to not be having chocolate
it's not so you can try one you are a
bad husband you know why he's eating the
flapjack not my cupcakes my cupcakes are
sitting there on loved worst husband
award goes to these that's really
awesome are you gonna try a cupcake
which might try one ha ha ha we're home
now and having a cuddle on the sofa come
come me and miss you oh this one's nice
has got proper monkey nests she's being
really funny she's been like zooming
around zooming around cuz you have been
you're so cute little one and we've got
squidge here snuggle in trachis down
here scratching areas oh I scratch those
ears for you
oh I and be nice as well
I am going to have bath now how about it
Agis all right question is which bo bath
or bath balm should I use I think you
should you lose your loose lose it I
think you lose your relaxing one that
you'd let me have the other day house
what did you like that Mike was using
that aromatherapy associates
relax deep bath oil delightful was it
delightful was indeed yours think you
need to have a bath is your thinker
I think it's freaky this think you small
gonna be tricky tricky truth
cheeky truth but you then we have you or
at brat face I'm trying to decide which
bath bomb have attempted to having its
rising
this was actually a gift from the
subscribe at one of my meetups I
remember
this is like my favorite lush bath bomb
of all time and it looks really cool
it's so powerful I'm going to bed now I
will see you guys in the morning for
another vlog actually is it a lot of fun
I think watching over logs left crazy
bye guys
good morning everybody welcome to febc
log a day don't even know what day it is
23 or 24 24 I think today I'm in the
airport I am in Heathrow Terminal 5 and
I'm heading to Geneva tomorrow
