good morning everybody welcome to febc
log a day don't even know what day it is
23 or 24 24 I think today I'm in the
airport I am in Heathrow Terminal five
and I'm heading to Geneva tomorrow I'm
speaking at a conference for PNG who I
do quite a bit of work with on their PC
recommend a channel if you guys have
seen my videos on that so I'm going to
speak at a conference with but my friend
Becky was money be coming you guys know
Becky but she can't come so we are doing
it with a guy called Robin who have met
a few times he's really nice so meeting
him here I've also had a camera crew
following me around this morning for a
documentary were filming which is really
exciting but yeah they're just coming in
from outside and I feels weird like
vlogging with them the hex I'm like oh
they're just vlogging me filming we've
loved anyway that is what's happening
today we have new chicken and gets
awesome I'm happy we are in terminal 5
because they have good shots it's
probably it went up this morning I'm
feeling pretty tired we got home at
about 1:00 in the morning last night and
then I woke up at like 6:30 so a few
days of kind of a few busy days but it's
exciting
I wish might come with me but oh well
just set down some breakfast in the air
for and we've all ordered the same thing
which i think is pretty cool
I'm here with the gorgeous Jody from
stylehaul we have the two guys from
spirit who are filming us today really
creepily filming I'm filming the filming
crew yeah weird and Robin who is another
youtuber from that utter yeah and we're
all eating huevos rancheros I've never
had it was rambled eggs before is this
weird I think it's probably weird but
I'm liking a look at this and we have
airplane friendly knives this is it's
got really long handles just coming in
at 11
you can see the mountain probably chased
Lana goes kids oh no now it's just
clouds it still looks pretty then so
I've arrived in Geneva we actually I
should spend in my hotel room for an
hour I've been editing I've blocked my
my vlog my video that was meant to go up
yesterday I'm just literally so tired I
just fell asleep for about five minutes
I just feel like an absolute zombie I'm
editing meeting guys downstairs for
dinner would you a real quick hotel room
tour before I do I'm just so tired like
I think the last couple of days have
just taken out of me a little bit yeah
I'm definitely feeling feeling the
snooze I don't even know what that means
but yeah this is my hotel room we're
staying in a super super fancy hotel
well very nice hotel and it has the
world's biggest bed ever in the world
has like three pillows look it's giant
and yeah this is what it looks like this
bed better tables and little desk area
and then outside I think it might be
dark now actually you can see like the
rest of the building it's a really kind
of interesting design layout there's a
pool I did not bring my Kazi so there
will be no swimming going on and then I
think that's just like a cupboards then
in here there's some like interesting
mirrors and the bathroom
which is actually really really nice
that is all for now I'm gonna go and and
meet up with the guys now I'm gonna get
some dinner and a couple of drinks
hopefully I'll finish my video I'm sorry
everything's been a bit lateness this
week guys I just have been so busy that
yeah I just have been showing you to
find the time to get everything up on
time and yeah I'm just a piece but yeah
I'll see you guys a bit later so I
actually didn't vlog anymore yesterday
because I ended up going out for dinner
with the style guys but also a big group
of people from Google so I couldn't
really vlog it was a bit awkward so I
think I'm gonna combine yesterday's vlog
and today's vlog I know you guys aren't
massive fans of that because it's one
less vlog but I'm sorry
I have this morning to go out and about
in Geneva I can do some editing my
videos uploading back there and I think
we're going to do some filming for
documentary stuff out and about in
Geneva this morning before the
conference this afternoon it's now time
to go down to breakfast I am NOT ready I
meant to do like her cool fishtail plat
in my hair today but I put my tape on
and I should have some time maybe after
breakfast to come and redo my hair that
is what's happening it is a beautiful
day in Geneva look at that blue sky I
forgot my sunglasses and that makes me
sad so I wanted to do a little abrade of
the day have a big messy fishtail in
yeah it's alright today it's a little I
am fat here and then it kind of twists I
love doing fish tails kinda like therapy
utak we've just taking a step outside
and walked up to the edge of the lake
seriously beautiful and it's actually a
really nice day I wish I had my
sunglasses nest okay so me and Robin are
perusing the shops of Geneva and window
shopping
we are window shopping we just walked
down the really expensive street and now
we're on the like High Street Street and
we have a camera crew following us look
most of it's quite weird taking vlog
section to a new level that looks like
an amazing chocolate shop
look at these Swiss chocolate is amazing
oh my God look
raspberry oh my God look at that one
it's got fudge and caramel in it we have
to buy some of this we found these like
fresh moose chocolates and I'm not sure
what they're gonna be like but we bought
one for everybody and moment of truth
this is really hard to do one-handed let
me help ya the bag look good the dark
ones are for you guys though and they're
at the top yeah you eat yours first
I'm not sure what they're gonna be like
I'm hoping they're not like marshmallow
I'm hoping they're cream but they could
be marshmallow you never know you guys
got the dark chocolate ones and they're
marshmallow with a cream oh no are they
not good very nice oh they're good
what are you having I had the white
chocolate tropical ones there I mean the
one with that mine that's yours yeah
last caramel then what's happening and
then that's for James look at it all
there's the nutty one are they good are
they good we try to get you try it
no cuz they're not good we're supposed
to para melon air go hang on it it's
good I guess it's a good day here we go
the moment true they are really light
what about that good what's inside a 20
or five a day right there yeah good one
help me we stop for a live lunch it's
freezing outside but we managed to find
this really cute little glass box
basically right by the lake and I have
some pumpkin soup which I just dipped
their bread into and it tastes amazing
and possibly the tastiest chips in the
world they like McDonald's chips but
proper if that makes sense you're not
really salty and really crispy but
really good like better than McDonald's
chips I am now allowed to film at P&G HQ
so I didn't film but the panel went
really well it was good we had lots of
questions which is always good this is
the worst thing ever when you do a panel
you finish it really any questions and
it's like dead silence it's pretty
awkward so didn't go like that it went
really well
and we are now in the airport we're on
about an hour and a half in waiting we
got here four hours or so before our
flight so we have a long wait and my
laptop has run out of battery so yeah
kind of boring but at least my phone is
still going just got my dinner which is
a salad which he made this for me and
like the salad station thing it cost
about 20 quid which is slightly
ridiculous Switzerland is probably the
most expensive place I've ever been in
my life definitely no shopping happening
here but yeah it has like everything in
it has lettuce and prawns and olives and
tomatoes and beans and mozzarella and
pesto and lentils
I think and then I was sittin TV good
times
Geneva
one actually it looks so good flying at
night looks so good so once again I
didn't finish my vlog last night for
like this vlog is gonna be the ultimate
fail of all vlogs I got home at about
midnight so my mom just dropped my
suitcase over haven't unpacked filming
with Sainsbury's today I'm gonna call
this failure of a three day vlog to an
end and I'll see you guys tomorrow for
another log sorry for being useless it's
been a bit of a crazy week see you
tomorrow right
hi guys welcome to febc log day 23
it's go quickly today I first of all
have to apologize for the bad quality of
this video because I'm filming on my
iPhone because I did not charge my
camera Mike will be like I told you so
