good morning guys welcome to febc log
day 23 today I first of all have to
apologize for the bad quality of this
video because I'm filming on my iPhone
because I did not charge my camera mic
will be like I told you so because he
was like you need your charger you need
recharge when I was like no I don't my
camera says fall battery
anyway today I'm heading off to my first
ever appointment about laser eye surgery
feeling a little bit nervous but also
really really excited hence I have my
glasses on which I never normally wear
out of the house because I just don't
like them and they kind of just feel
annoying on my face so yeah it is
about 9 o'clock now I'm gonna go get
some lunch from pret which is opposite
the hotel then I'm gonna jump in a cab
and head to the line of vision clinic
and see what they have to say about my
eyeballs quick little outfit of the day
before I leave as well I have on my
Primark kind of layered top thing my
Koopas silky i know if it's actually
silk silky material jacket where's our
cheese and my gos boots and my bracelets
but i had on last night as well so it's
quite a lot later now I actually haven't
blogged since this morning my eye thing
was like left my eyes feeling a little
bit like blurry and crazy but it went
really well I'm good to go ahead with my
surgery which I'm really really really
really excited about we are now in
Nando's with my mom and dad and Mike and
Mark surprise surprise we have come to
watch my brother play tonight was really
exciting the food has arrived
say hello everybody I got everybody
eating I got chicken this time there we
go
I am reunited with the stinky one Oh
ding ding ding ding oh hello tonight we
are going to see I don't know if you
guys have will have seen I was it
raining outside
basically my big brother here is super
awesome is in a band called white star
and they are playing here tonight and
we're going to see it I did a gig in
December but if you didn't watch
frogman's might not see we're going to
see them again they're doing like a
reunion tour it's super cool
we were actually meant to be going on a
tour bus well we kind of discussed going
on a tour bus with them I'm going but I
am going to Geneva tomorrow which is
another story we'll get to that tomorrow
so yeah we're going to see them tonight
and then we're going again on Friday
which will be super super cool I am
stuffed full of Nando's Nando's so yeah
we are going to the gig and that is
what's happening
it's the breakdown we're going to say
hello hold you form of energy going on
right now I was so tired earlier today
now I feel funny we're going to check
out the bus a ridiculously massive way
oversized bus it's huge okay we are on
the bus right now
and we're gonna do a bus tour a tour
mike is here washdown is here al is
being the torch holder because we have
freaky torches okay for hanging your
sparkly outfit change now if you had
this tour bus it would be full of
clients makeup and clothes and shoes but
instead it's full of empty suitcase and
an umbrella this is this is where the
magic happens in the microwave oh this
is snazzy you can make all sorts of
coffee yeah we've never had a coffee
cappuccino that is pretty snazzy
because in PG tipps it tastes pretty
funky not so many nuts toaster yeah
honey miel de fleur honey and then sink
castle this looks not this looks like it
might be a toilet you learn how to aim
there's no girls on the tour bus this
teaches you to level up
oh I don't want to go in there there's
more here we have up there it's like a
horror movie
there's a lot like it's pretty small
it's like a coffin I think if you were
tall though like I'm sure like I can do
head to toe pretty much that's crazy
okay
I want to say thanks to the to the Fleur
fans that set out at like Thor really
last time where are we going now is
there more things to show
do we need to go in there networks so
we're just walking back to the car in
the window let's get out so I did not
finish my vlog last night I'm sorry guys
we actually got home at about 1:00 in
the morning is now 9 o'clock and today I
have some exciting stuff going on but
I'm going to talk about that in
tomorrow's vlog I had such a good time
last night like I said before I really
wish that we could go to the rest of the
dates with the guys cuz we were talking
about it the other week but I am away
for the next couple of days so we're
gonna go to London on Friday so they
haven't gig in London on Friday but it
was really fun it's so fun looking
around the tour bus as well because
normally in the past sometimes they have
buses sometimes they don't but that's
definitely the flashiest one they've had
so far and I kind of wish I could stay
on it because it was close on but yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow wanna vlog
bye good morning guys welcome to febc
table day 22 today is Sunday and it's
currently quarter to 11 we went to have
left 15 minutes ago surprise rising late
and we are going to Becky and Holly
