good morning guys welcome to febrile
update 22 today is Sunday and it is
currently cause to 11 we went to have
left 15 minutes ago surprise fries were
late and we are going to Becky and
Holly's house today because it's Becky's
birthday tomorrow
it was Holly's birthday last week so
we're having a little lunch brunch kind
of celebration with them because they're
doing afternoon tea I think like late
afternoon and we can't make it cuz I
have to go to London tonight for a
Oscars kind of viewing party thing I'll
talk more about that later anyway I am
packing their presents up right now and
I wanted to show you guys both what I
got them and how I'm wrapping them so
for Holly I'm putting it in this cute
little cupcake bag and I have green
tissue paper and I've got her two little
card and I've got her this notebook from
Paper Chase which I love I saw this and
I love it so much I'm gonna buy it as a
gift somebody but I couldn't buy it for
myself because I have like I had a
notebook at the time as I can't justify
it and then yesterday someone bought me
the mini version at a meet-up I was like
you know me so well so now I have the
mini version of this but this one is for
Holly and then I've also given her one
of my favorite candles this is the
pomfret candle company fig and jasmine
candle which smells yummy and some
Instagram coasters really love these I
think she'll like them so those are
going in there for Holly and then for
Becky I have this box got this stuffing
I need to like have a bit of a play
around with it and then I've got her
loads of little things but I've wrapped
some of them up but then I ran out of
paper so I've got her card
I've got her this which is a test your
dog's IQ because she just got a puppy
this which is Earl Grey flavored
chocolate because she's obsessed with
tea this is like a notebook and post-it
set with teacups and a teapot on it from
Paper Chase because she loves tea again
and then I also got her a macaron timer
like a kitchen timer and here at
dingaling which I just thought was
really cool of baking and then I also
got her some heart-shaped scowrers
because we were in the kitchen shop when
we got that and I just thought these
were so funny and her and she lives with
her sister so they have kind of a girlie
house and then I also I'm giving her
this mug which is from a
lovely poetry company called Fenella
smith i bought a load of it for
Christmas presents this year and I just
thought it was so cute and as I
mentioned she likes her teas it's a
little milk jug and then I've also got
her the echo Smith album is in here and
last but not least a car air freshener
with a chihuahua on it because her dog
that she's just got is like a chihuahua
cross and it just I thought it was funny
it's like the two hours face in a flower
so I'm gonna wrap this up now we leave
go to be a bit late but I'm hoping
they're gonna like their presence and I
don't have any makeup on I'm gonna have
to do something the car I think we are
having quite a hilarious present opening
session Baxter is here with a little
someone oh she's so sweet this is be
Becky's new puppy I just had Holly is
here - we are having a pug life like
she's my next to pink it's a pig
these guys make pig look like a giant
like an actual giant and in an air
freshener we've got a snuggly little
situation going on here pigs like
struggling to stay away
it will be a breeze
buddy the food has arrived
I've got mussels in here mussels mussels
look like this and then you put here you
put the shells in there and then they're
bringing chips
Mike's got carbonara which I'm slightly
jealous of I like red to dip into this
yeah I might steal Mike's this burger
looks pretty good in camouflage I'm so
hungry
let's look so yummy home now I just got
changed and I packed my stuff because I
had to go to London rubbish but tonight
I'm doing an Oscars red carpet viewing
party where we like comment on the
clothes which is super exciting with E I
did it for the Golden Globes a couple
weeks can it was really fun so yes I
have my bag packed here and the puppies
know that I'm going somewhere and they
get like mmm you're taking me you taking
me I've just arrived at my hotel and
it's probably the most miserable doubt
anything is writing anymore but it has
been super super windy and rainy and has
taken me like 45 minutes to get here
from Houston so it would do a quick
hotel room tour before I get changed and
get ready and finish editing everything
this is my room I have my bed as you can
see all my stuff on my bed and my case
and a little desk with a TV and there's
me and then there's some cupboards
there's me again hello and then this is
the bathroom which have nicely been in
here yeah pretty standard bathroom yeah
so I also bought some food on the way
here they usually have snacks
I was once before for the Golden Globes
and they did have snacks last time so I
didn't get like anything too big also I
had a massive lunch as well so
quite possibly next and that makes me
extremely sad like extremely sad I'm so
disappointed I'm ready to go now I
thought it would do a really quick
makeup and outfit of the day before I go
last time I went to one of these I was a
little bit less dressed up and I got
there and everyone was pretty dressed up
so I dressed up a bit more this time but
I still haven't gone like all out like
some people had like long dresses on and
stuff and I just think I don't know it
was pretty casual vibe so I feel like
I'm kind of halfway in between and I'm
liking it
so I just have messy hair just pay it
spread like a load of texturizing spray
in it it's just kind of texturing and
big and yeah good and then I have on
lashes probably I've kind of done this
in the dark a little bit because the
lighting in this room is not great I
have on some individual lashes from ila
and my Chanel foundation with NARS I
think it's all Gaz and blush and then my
lipstick is sheer liar from Urban Decay
have on a bit of Estee Lauder
eyeliner and makeup forever
smoky lash mascara and that's pretty
much it oh and the Tom Ford brow stuff
in my brows and then my outfit looks a
little something like this if it will
focus and put my hair out of the way so
you guys can see but I basically have on
a kind of all-black outfit with a pop of
color in my bag so my bag is my Phillip
Lim Ashley in the metallic turquoise
color which I really love and then I
have on lisara blazer which has the kind
of faux leather collar and it also has
like a faux leather detail on the
pockets as well which I really like and
then for jewelry I just have on a load
of chunky bracelets together which I've
actually marked my arm I think I've been
lying on them the two bigger ones are
from Zara and the two little ones are
from and other stories and then my dress
is from the cupola the mirror is like
really dirty it's making my clothes look
dirty but it is the hotel mirror my
dress is from the pupils I'm gonna take
my jacket off so you guys can see this
is what my dress looks like if I tuck my
hair back you guys can see the straps
it's kind of like a really unusual does
and I really like it because wasted I
love my dresses this shape I think
they're a little bit more flattering on
my figure and I also really like the
leather studded straps and this is real
leather as well and as you can see it
goes over onto the back which I really
like actually got this in the sale I
think it was reduced from maybe 240
pounds of something to 80 and then for
my shoes I'm wearing these little shoe
booths which these are actually my first
ever pair of designer shoes I got these
and if I can show you guys upside down
they'll be upside down in this vlog but
there they are they are from Jimmy Choo
and I got them seven years ago from Mike
I just got a text from Mike a but saying
it's here so I better go yeah I'll take
you guys along with me I'm not sure how
much I'll be able to film but hopefully
a little bit close which I'm really
really looking for lot of beef jerky
here which is probably one of my
favorite things in the world I think
I've had about six pieces already but I
had such a good night I've just snuck
off into a corner this is where we are
right now I wanted to show you guys were
in the Mondrian Hotel in London which is
beautiful the bar is here it's like gold
and there is the most incredible view of
London you can see some Paul's Cathedral
and just an amazing view of the river
looks absolutely gorgeous I've actually
stayed in the Mondrian in New York and
in LA which I think I've logged both of
them in the past and I've never been to
the London one which is just opened so
it's been really cool to be here it's
been super fun now I'm going back to my
hotel I probably have popcorn in my teas
because I've been eating a lot of
popcorn tonight so I'm back in my hotel
room in my slightly less sophisticated
to get up of my fleecy pajamas and I'm
wearing my penguin pajama boxes from
Christmas
I'm just so cool not so yeah I had such
a good night it was really fun actually
I definitely think Rosamund Pike smashed
it on the red carpet I think she was
probably my favorite dress it's really
really fun doing these things because
you get
I don't know I feel like at home I
wouldn't stay up and watch I'd always
look first thing in the morning when I
get up there dresses and stuff but it's
like so nice to actually watch it live
and it's refund and I had a good time
with Victoria and Sammy as well as so
nice and yeah I'm gonna go to bed now
I'm actually gonna try and set up a
little bit and see if I can catch any of
not actually watch the ceremony but see
if I can catch anyone winning because
obviously there's a lot of British
people nominated this year I really want
to see if any of them win tonight we're
very super cool if they did I take my
makeup off I'm gonna go to bed my camera
just ran out of battery and now I'm
having to film on my iPhone so this
means I'm gonna have to film on Ivan for
the next day as well so I'm sorry for
the bad quality guys but yeah tomorrow I
have my first test to see if I can have
a laser eye surgery on my eyes
you guys been following me for a while
you will know that's not only am I
always doing this and at night if I film
at night my eyes always reread because I
get really irritated by contact lenses
but also that I've been thinking about
and getting laser surgery for a long
time so I have my first appointment
tomorrow at the London vision clinic or
Harley Street and I'm gonna see what
they say apparenty it's gonna take three
hours for the consultation which seems
like a lot and that I might have blurry
vision afterwards because they put these
eye drops in apparently but we will see
you tomorrow and see what happens
yeah that's it for tonight guys I hope
you all had an amazing weekend and I'll
see you again tomorrow with another vlog
morning everybody welcome to the 21st
day of febc today we are going to Kent
Bluewater to be more specific which is
big shopping center in Kent to do the
final book signing I'm really sad
because I've been really enjoying this
week it's been
