good morning everybody welcome to the
21st day of Feb 4 today we are going to
Kent blue water to be more specific
which is big shopping center in Kent to
do the final book signing I'm really sad
because I've been really enjoying this
week it's been loads and loads of fun
but pairing there are people in the
queue already so we better get
hotfooting it we've got 2 hours and 25
minutes children reader and I think
we're picking up mum and dad on the way
we know I think that should be in like
every single blog we are late I think
pretty much every single blog this month
when I so I'm in the car right now my
mum's here with me and my dad's in the
front with Mike and I'm currently
teaching mum how to use Instagram it's
probably the funniest thing I've ever
done
she's getting so excited about it and I
just tweeted her Lisa name so she's like
she was killing people she's getting
people following her and she's getting
really excited updating it like every
second that's weird what you got a place
next month you can post something of
Piglet people might like that parents on
social media is dangerous but anyway
I've had lots of people tweeting me from
the key already and there's quite a lot
of people repost
girl 3 what does that mean goodness that
means that was common to Atlanta cutest
I mean someone's commented like you can
read the comments she's getting really
really excited about this piglet piglets
thoroughly bored already and how long
have we got to go Mike okay not too far
away yeah everyone's treating me like
pictures of the cute self and I'm really
excited I don't want this week to be
over it's taking ages to get there I
keep asking Mike over there yeah he's
pretty annoyed but dads brought extra
strong winds I haven't had these in
years they always make me sneeze they
make anyone else news from I just weird
we're here and it is a massive we're
heading to the loading bay to park our
car it looks like Space Age doesn't it
so cool though we've just arrived I
realized I lighting in here is terrible
but I wanted to show you guys this
amazing gift the girls who have been
helping this week have made look at this
amazing card it's the cutest thing ever
and it has lots of pictures from the
tour and then they've written little
notes inside and they got me this
necklace how cute is this it's got FDF
on it and it's rose gold
I've got stars I love it it's the cutest
thing ever piglet is here scratching her
ears and generally being a very cocky
little monkey when everyone arrived she
was like barking yeah look like hello
hello I know you I know you are you
ready Pig you ready for your close-up
she's like yeah I'm always ready I was
born ready we're heading off piglet has
got her
snazzy Colorado but present for the
first person the cue got lint bunnies oh
the shops right here in the shop
I don't know okay here we go guys
okay so we're going to say a quick hello
to the cube and we have learned funnies
Fran's got the bunnies let's sneak out
and say hi
so we've just finished
oh no she's woken up I was gonna say
piglet is so exhausted she's just been
like passed out on the floor but we had
such it like that yeah
good girl piglet I think she's she said
she's walking her friend this is
probably the coolest thing anyone has
ever bought me ever it is a sausage dog
balloon and it's like weighted down so
it walks with you I love it
piglet barked at it but I think she
likes it now it's a friend
it'll be sitting in the car
we've got a VW man see he went in the
band the whole gang is here my dad my me
obviously my mom and then the lovely
happy in front we've been helping all
week they're amazing I'm so hungry it's
about four plus three now I like
everything on this menu so I may have to
make Mike what do you think you're gonna
have I think I have some pork please
some tasty nuts or is it oh it's Taco
Tuesday it's Mexican time I got fish
tacos Mike and I also sharing a casa da
and some beef tacos burritos going on
over there there's more tasty things we
also have a little celebratory blood
orange margarita amazing celebrate such
a good tall
so we're home now and I know I've shown
you guys a lot of things that people
have brought from the tool but I want to
show you two last things that were
really really super cool the first one
is these pictures or are these pictures
get a picture someone page look at that
have to shoot any Nemo this because
they're amazing don't worry I'm giving
you them as I want and that's very good
I think my favorite one is treacle
because it looks so much like treacle in
action I love love squid is amazing I
bye Megan chase and that is her website
she is super cool
Thank You Megan that is my favorite
where are they gonna go dance is Lee
cotton dances I think maybe somewhere
else
maybe Mike loves them and then we also
got this from the first girls in the
queue who were Abby and Nikita I think
they were the first in the queue
and you know they've made this really
cool box this is photo force on it
coming in Star Wars squidge has got all
of the talk I just unwrapped everything
just glitch has every single toy and
chew that I've given them oh all the
other dogs
I'll just left out all the time but you
know what I think there might be
something in here for them so let's open
up it's so cute they've left individual
things a little note so there's catnip
things for the kitty cats they love
those I really like this there's a
magnet that says my dog loves me and I
love my dog and then magic stars two of
my favorite things together that's what
I always say when I have them they're my
favorites and then what else is in here
hey air freshener with treacle on it I
think you can have it your cup no else
in here like Oh dangerous yes look we
found in your sick video eight most worn
things for your love of Kara max and
love Kara max they are so good such a
retro snack and treats for the doggies I
think these are cat treats yeah
star cat treats and some letters from
them look at that oh my god a sheet on
that that's incredible
come at this amazing seriously awesome
times two I wish I had two piglets
so yeah that's probably gonna be it for
this vlog guys because we're going out
for dinner tonight
to the pub that Mike's mum's birthday
and we all might family so I think I'm
gonna call it a night here squidgy is
sitting there with all of her toys in
the corner being thoroughly thoroughly
chaffed and yeah that's gonna be I'm so
sad that the Torah's I row had such a
good time so huge thank you to everybody
who came down this week to meet me
I really had have had the best time and
my publishers are already talking about
potentially adding some extra dates on
if you guys would like to see that I
don't know we're gonna try and
potentially maybe get up to Scotland at
some point I've had a lot of people say
but we
work that out and see if that can
actually have them but you never knows
so if you would like that let us know in
the comment section below if we didn't
get to meet you this time where or where
do you live and where would you like us
to come because we've had such a good
time we just really really enjoyed
ourselves we'd love to do it again so
yeah that's it hey guys - see you
tomorrow bye have you got one and
welcome to photog day 20 sounds very
serious today I have no makeup on I just
blow dry my hair got ready to go it is
five minutes to 8:00 - it's eight
o'clock meant to be leaving at 8 five
minutes late everyone keeps on
commenting about the fact that I'm
always 5 minutes late
