good morning Oh My Goddess our cookie
today is Friday and we are off to the
desert so actually the first day of each
other today we're leaving it's like 6:45
right now I have zero makeup on because
I'm going to do it in the car going to
an abandoned like desert town to take
some photos on our way to Coachella so
we're getting up super early I put my
first which other outfit on them I
thought you might like to see it's
actually going to be I'm doing a really
cool look book with the other girls
whilst I'm here that we asked on my
channel next week so you'll see this
outfit in that as well but here's a
little sneak peek because I kind of love
it so this is what it looks like I have
on my bomber jacket which I showed you a
few days ago which is from that new
brands that I don't know how to
pronounce and how I think it is but she
has my name on the back if you can see
love it and then I have on this gorgeous
necklace which I can't remember the name
of the designer but I will find out and
link below that's it love it like a
pearl and look at the bagger I have on
just plain white t-shirt from the Ritz
yeah my Topshop belt these shorts from
River Island a few years ago and I used
to have them black and I lost them and
I'm gutted about it because they're like
the only short shorts that I like
because I don't have like the longest
skinniest legs so I find sometimes it's
hard to buy shorts but these ones I like
my fave and then I have on these little
western boots which are from ASOS this
is how much luggage I am working with
right now guys dear Lord we're in our
car ready to go me and Jamie on the back
look at this little guys festival
glitter like I buy my supposedly dry
cleaner like I've got back from the
worst color and Lissa Johanna and
terrible news what happened we'll keep
your eyes out there your cool style I
don't know miss oh we just got given a
bag with our breakfast in them does
anyone looks at these yet check this out
we've got lunch boxes look hi
so I'm gonna cry over your me best thing
ever
my la we're gonna miss you made a snack
stopped on the road
what is that barbecue week so the heat
love you sleep flamin hot cheetos best
thing ever
yes yes yes extra flamin the worth smack
crunch not to seek unity really well it
looked like the snacks from the 1,500
they know right this is a medieval
course wha doing the candy dance
candy candy everything I'm just getting
these yeah their service stations in
England you need to up the game big-time
yeah I've just spotted these bad boys on
Helen feet oh my god I love them we've
arrived in the desert which actually had
a little bit of stop off on the way to
the ranch is where we're coming for
lunch later fun fact the owner of this
ranch
he just recorded the after pumpkin hey
record they do not thank me because it's
recording today ah and he's and he has a
really nice dog she does but it who's
every doctor every one
just shot my second outfit my dress that
was wearing last night my third and
final outfit were taking pictures of
guys thought it would come and show you
in the weird giant full-length mirror in
the middle of the desert so that's how
we roll here tops from revolve the belts
the same belt from Topshop this shirt
around my waist is from rails it's
actually really cool that has some like
very cool pattern on there if you can
see skirt from Topshop boots are from
Athens look how dusty my boots are
already and then G Ike's guys can see up
there Anna is shooting on this rock so
cool so beautiful hair it's just like a
big kind of I think that the recording
studio here in self which is an awesome
location for shooting they have these
Airstream camper van show you guys
inside so cool - staying in one of these
for Coachella like look how I like
they're all like married so cool so nice
society in fridge who's like the oldest
bridge in the world
we've just finished filming and it was
on top of her rock like ID like Radha I
hope with a rock you look so stupid
isn't it cool like if you're standing on
top oh let's not get related by my own
saying and yeah yeah it was just a real
moment I was standing on top of rocks
like no one from the chandelier - dude
it's actually so weird here it feels
like you're in the movie music video
yeah but yeah like the music she's like
coming out and it carries so far men
denied a music video god dammit we're
gonna go eat some lunch now yeah this is
making our day right now the G also
drinking margaritas
they made my god this is the best mac
and cheese anything I've ever eaten in
my life
bye good because you enjoying that
cheese
I'm apparently allergic to cheese fish
she's much okay your life you're not
sharing a room with me
carpool karaoke arriving at Auto tell us
lime√±os
real flamingos real live one just
checked into my room if I can get up
store look at this you guys Wow such a
beautiful day just freshen up a little
bit because it got a little bit sweaty
and dusty at the ranch and now we're
heading out to the festival I'm not
actually even sure about the is that
lineup today because the last couple of
days has been so busy so I'm going to
look at on my phone and then we are
going to we have finally arrived I I
think we're out of every security though
hang on a minute
Helen broke off from the group earlier
we have fun
panting drink for some reason I ended up
with few drinks positive quit Hey I'm
holding this fifth it's not mine yeah I
have a better one that's my new friend
here with the Canadian Canadian soaking
and I know the other day I saw the rest
of the Canadian girlfriend
and
Jamie Jamie won in Romania he was so
much I think I squatted the the best hot
sauce available it's so it's so zoomed
in three of us does it say about his bum
burning his life to using Alexis and
they finest ingredients we're going to
watch Radiohead we just got back to our
hotel were swimming a little bit
Valerius and we just made some friends
on the bus are really nice in that oil
is really if you have a water are you
he will strip over the knee Michael
Damian where they were Australian couple
Donahue acts meter on the other one went
to market and they were super nice and
then they just after like all fine nice
to you and I finally like you want a
family behind in our own we might see
them on the my mind I was again like
these guys I think are now queuing up to
get pizza we going to Pete's to Jamie
what's that face are they how mature and
hearing
I danced too much spookier but-- be
honest with you oh dear
go down to the pasture parts and
equality there's live music down there
have fun
oh my goodness I've finally got into bed
I'm super tired what's the time now at
half past twelve I think and I wanted to
show you guys my really cozy sleeping
outfit tonight because my pajamas are
right at the bottom of my bag my car we
bothered to unpack this so late so I put
on my dressing gown that I gave us which
is probably the softest thing in the
world and the cashmere socks that they
gave us on the plane which I haven't
worn yet they're so cozy yeah basically
the coziest outfit in the world I'm
going to take my makeup off with a face
wipe I'm super super super sleepy you
know when you can't see it can keep your
eyes open anymore I actually just fell
asleep I like I sat down on the bed of
my phone to edit an Instagram picture
and I fell asleep
so that oh my god I've got actually get
into bed otherwise I'm going to wake up
in the morning dead to the world with
all of my katana clothes on also I'm
slightly losing my voice which of always
happens at Coachella always gets like
really gravelly because of the dust but
yeah just in case you're wondering why I
sound like a man I will see you guys in
the morning I hope you all had a fab day
see you first thing tomorrow another
busy one but I'm actually really excited
for tomorrow today and I won't really as
many bands playing I wanted to see and
tomorrow and Sunday there's loads people
playing I want to see so excited and
I'll see you there bye
