hi guys and welcome to febc log day 20
sounds very serious today I have no
makeup on and I just blow-dried my hair
got ready to go it is five minutes to
eight actual it's 8 o'clock meant to be
leaving at 8 5 minutes late everyone
keeps on commenting about the fact that
I'm always 5 minutes late
yeah I'm sorry guys if you have a
problem with being late because it's
really frustrating like watching other
people being late I'm sorry I was serial
forget to finish my vlog no this isn't
village in my vlog I finished it last
night so today I'm going to a photoshoot
with Elizabeth off from min Max beauty
or app min max beauties I'm driving down
to London now I'm making or Mike's
making me a cup of coffee to take in my
little rose gold flask which I'm very
excited about I don't know I've had this
flask for like maybe 18 months maybe
just over a year but I still love it so
much and the novelty of using it does
not wear off this little piggy is
staying at home today she's probably
really really happy about that one sneak
peek - hi so I've just arrived at the
studio I shouldn't take me that long I
thought was gonna be crazy traffic today
because it's Friday morning but this is
the dressing room we've got some rails
here since Nina who's doing my hair um
it's actually such a cute little
dressing room I really like it apartment
slightly odd view of a graveyard out
there so it's quite cool it's very like
dramatic yeah so we're gonna get going
on her makeup and apparently we're doing
lots of raids which as you guys know is
my favorite thing in the world we're
ready for the first shot of the day and
we have minimal makeup on and relaxed
hair and we're going like more and more
and more throughout the day so we're
gonna get more makeup crazy a hair more
jewelry
I'm loving this jewelry as well but
really dainty love it so this is the
second look of the day we've got the big
braids in which and loving
denim top I love this lip color as well
she mixed two together so it's not one
particular one I really like it's like a
deep deep pink so
for a little bit of lunch break it's
going on some public pictures look
amazing sandwiches salads good stuff I'm
so hungry so we're on to look three of
the day and I thought it would show you
like actually we're just shooting this
is my chair here and this is Lisbon
photographer and all the team behind her
there's there's like some monitors
where's my finger here where they're
looking at all the photos on and yeah
I'm loving earrings I have a right now
so they have like stars lawyer love them
and might have to find them and buy them
for myself but they weren't slightly
sensitive so as a final look at today
with one of its darker on the eyes and
I've got loads of cool jewelry on and
another jacket loving it get this ring
it's so cool and this ring it's got like
joints like a knee brace and cool
bracelets and I'm so believing it
although I love did you miss me little
one
yeah what'd you miss me a bit how much
notes how much this much Oh big
I miss you too little bean where are the
other puppies so I just got home I had
such a cool cool day with such a fun
shoot Ashley and the photos are gonna be
up on the min/max website I think maybe
in like a week or two weeks I'll let you
guys know when they're up anyway so you
guys can look at my socks because they
were really really good and I'm super
happy with them they were like really
cool never think I can look cool but
there we go so yeah Henry today and I
look yes like me looking cool so yeah
I'll put a link to that website anyway
if you guys want to check them out there
were really nice people and it was a
thoroughly enjoyable day we are going to
the pub now we're gonna have dinner with
my mom and dad which I organized on the
way home so I am in the pub now I have a
nice glass of wine Friday
mama dada hear you right mom I just
watched you that was so unsmooth so once
me I'm gonna call it down here because
it's been a pretty long day and I'm
quite tired to be honest we're gonna get
some food and then I think I'm gonna
sleep pretty well tonight I'm excited
about signing tomorrow still not sure
what I'm gonna wear
this whole week has been a blur
but it's been awesome so yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow welcome to vlog day 19
today we are having a chilled day at
home I say chilled we've actually got a
lot of stuff to do we have been doing a
lot of house admin life admin work admin
I yes just a lot of admin
