hey guys welcome to febc blog day 19
today we are having a chilled day at
home I say chilled we've actually got a
lot of stuff to do we have been doing a
lot of house admin life admin work admin
I yeah it's just a lot of admin it's so
funny like being on the road all the
time like the whole of this week just
like really hinders life and being able
to actually do all your admin and your
life had been how many times can i say
admin in one video so I'm gonna count
admin so yeah that's what we're doing
today I am having a minimal wake up day
and chilling it's actually nice to be
home with Mike and hang out and we've
got we've even got treat pill bum bum
and Pete pig is here I don't know where
squish this thing and ask though
somewhere the dogs have been loving it
this morning because they have about a
million toys from all the means and
they've just been like ripping them up
our sitting-room floor is covered in
bits of toy so yeah that is the next job
we're gonna tidy that up I'm going to
show you guys it's ridiculous they love
you guys I wish they could all come to
the signings but no joke you can't floor
this is how messy it is there is bits of
toy there's a slipper as well bits of
toy everywhere ridiculous
you guys are naughty you you are the
queen of the toys aren't you she loves
this one we got this one at that
assigning yesterday she's like whatever
I'm too cool for you and then this one
was from the other day which they've
already stripped so yeah she looks so
interested now she's literally been
bringing them up to me all day being
like look I wanna play I want to play
all of them because I'm really mature I
find it I think hilarious that I just
got like I just gave him a big macaroon
my lipstick on ah thank you
Mike and I have coming to town because
we are gonna go and get some lunch
Mike has to pick up his trousers they're
gonna leave last week
it's bloody miserable and rainy and
we're heading to Starbucks which I'm not
too happy about
I don't like Starbucks food as much as I
like their drinks yes anything else Doug
date you on through I'm cold
we've got a dilemma guys there's only
one sunbae girl left Mike wanted it and
I want it he's gonna have it pretty sure
I'm having this baby life is in my hands
we could share it shake the food in
stages and the drink the city ages
somebody ordered okay because we're
naughty we have a lemon cake and that's
hella fill cookie I told you Mike would
try this one day he's so excited about
it I've had a little snack on mine
already I'm really really hungry it's
like three o'clock and we haven't had
lunch at we're having a carb overload
right now Mike's got a sausage sandwich
I've got a salmon bagel then we have
sweet snacks
I've actually got order of coffee I
meant to and then I just got my water
well the moment of truth is here mbf
what is it gonna be like I don't know
what is it Oh shows the inside close-up
I think if it was really to be amazing
here we go
if it was warm I think if you I think
why don't plate wet Mike just made me
laugh so hard I had to spit water out of
a plate because I
I was like I did not say you could have
any of that you made me laugh and I spat
my wardrobe because I had a big mouthful
of fizzy water is it good but what would
you give out of ten I see it that's not
good let me try
I think it's bring it right that's the
best million have to say today is a
truly miserable day I know what makes me
really happy the fact I can see from
across the road my book they wore the
stones window there it is in the window
currently in Mike's favorite place super
drug and basically having a massive
stalker of essentials and I just got
this new shampoo as well haven't tried
it before we will see the next stop on
the admin tour of the day is Pepe
puddles eat a lot of food normal sized
dog so tricky let's go chat the biggest
biscuits in the world
where's perception small dog puppy jr. I
don't have small dog this is the dilemma
with piglet because she is out of puppy
food and into junior and they do puppy
food for a small breed and adult food
for a special reason
but they don't do junior living puppy me
she has junior meat with adult small
breed dog food is confusing next up its
food shopping Mike takes food shopping
ultra seriously yes he gets like really
let's run around like headless chicken I
can eat that much like water you plan
ahead we need three weeks
you wonder why like the parents mind
like a child so Mike we're about to
commence
counting out limp bunnies ready for
Saturday signing okay go sure you want
to be even known you five it's like full
proof of did you make it nine sixty do
you think they gonna read it at this
help mofo oblique looking through new
magazine I'm not I'm not the lighter she
knew this was gonna be in here but look
is the glam guide at their book of the
week whoo this is what happens when I
suppose leave in the car go in the
sleepy car position you have iPhone
magazine and zombie wife so I survived
the zombie apocalypse of divorce this is
possibly the cutest thing I have ever
seen in my entire life I love you too
more than chocolate and that is saying a
lot we've got friends coming in this
night and mdf as per usual is cheffing
it up but not only is he cheffing
tonight he is making pasta from scratch
here's the pasta dough we just did a
video on this far and Sainsbury's
channel and you did what was it prawn
ravioli it was delicious
so tonight what are you making tonight
I'm doing Queeny Queeny was kind of like
a circus kind of minty sauce we're
adding like sure its own bit of spice in
there just making it out make it up nice
kind of like fiery little little sort of
bit of mint scent probably add some
peppers well we'll see how you going
because you've never made a link we knew
for have you that's gonna be fine I've
got two techniques I can either use the
machine the test or the machine the
pasta machine we need to throw these
roses the way they are dead I can be
your job okay um so yeah what's the
technique
eggs and flour and no water eggs flour
bit of olive oil and basalt I didn't
yeah I didn't add any salt or olive oil
in our mix with our ravioli ah they're
just different recipe where some using a
different recipe this time so they tried
this recipe I'm excited it looks pretty
good I think
so you're gonna roll out now yeah it's
been a cool oh you gonna put it in the
freezer so see you in 20 minutes dude so
this is what the sixth seal and bunnies
look like hey I'm so excited Saturday I
hope you guys like that bunnies I
thought I would do a quick super drug
cool because I'm not actually gonna do
like a whole video from this I'll show
you what I bought today
first thing is Polly hairband I always
use these when I am doing styles like I
haven't today
like a fishtail where you don't want to
be able to see the band and I don't
generally reuse them because once
they're stretched out they're just like
they break and I'm kind of annoying so
yeah 50 of those and then I got
eyelashes which I was talking about
earlier so I got three of the 154th so
these ones I was wearing yesterday at
the signing and they actually stayed on
really well I actually cut the outer
chunk off because you see how they're
like done in chunks I cut backed it off
and then they're like the perfect length
they look really natural but still kind
of like chunky and I like them a lot so
these are like 260 so I've got three
pairs of them normally like 5 pounds I
don't know why they were discounted
maybe they were maybe they're
discontinued I don't know and then I
also got two sets of the pro lash
individuals I'm like stocking up on
lashes and lasts me ages because I love
love love using these the only problem
with these is that I always used like
all the medium ones and you can buy ones
that have like three sets of medium but
they're really hard to find I think you
need to order them online so yeah I got
this and also someone asked me about the
other day and said they're really they
don't like the glue I found out the
other day that the individuals the glue
is different because it's designed to
stick to the lashes instead of the skin
so you have to be really careful to
actually stick these to your lashes
whereas the strip lashes stick to your
skin and stay on your skin these ones
will stay for like up to three days but
I don't usually leave for three days
anyway so what last year's I also got
two packs of cotton wool pads
I like the big over once they're my
favorites so got two packs of those and
I also got a mini pack
of the round ones just because I'm
traveling a lot over the next month or
so and it's quite useful to have a mini
pack sometimes I do put these in my wash
bag but they end up like if something
leaks they get wet and it's just really
annoying so I got a little pack for
traveling more lashes more lashes and
then what else did I get
oh I also got a lash adhesive so lash
glue and I've used duo before but they
didn't have any in the shop so I went
for the eye lower version and I'm hoping
this is good so yeah I'm pretty sure
it's the same stuff that you get in the
not in the individuals but in the strip
match thing but I just prefer having it
in a tube because you can apply it
easily you can I squeeze it out I don't
know I just think it's better from a
tube so I've got some of that cuz I
accidentally left the lid off my other
one and it dried out I know no skill and
then I also got these which I showed you
earlier which are the Dove pure care dry
oil for dry dull dull dry hair shampoo
conditioner because my shampoo
conditioner have run out and then I got
some more hair grips because again I've
been doing loads of stuff for my hair
recently and I have used them all up and
then I also got to Mitchum 24 or 48-hour
pure fresh deodorants this is the
uterine I use Mitchum is like a kick-ass
children no deodorant is better in my
experience it's the best one I've tried
and they would - for four pounds or like
one for 350 so I was like I'll stock up
I also got this which is from Barry M
and it's one of their new quick dry
polishes and it's in this kind of dusty
lilac color which is called lap of
honour and I think it looks really nice
so it might actually paint over my gels
tonight in this they're starting to grow
out a little bit I think I've had these
on for just over a week and I've
starting this one's chipped which is
really annoying so I might paint over
them and see how they look now Mike's
been getting his chef's on and Matt Lucy
here mastering beer Lucy's here looking
very gorgeous and we are about to crack
open
we're about to crack open a bottle of
wine it's a very special bottle of wine
we got for Christmas and it's called
Fleur
no pressure Mike but we're all watching
what are you doing Mike I'm basic
technical name for this I'm trying
that's my thing I've done a bit thing oh
it's good in there
you know you've gone really red yeah
it's good mush all right Lucy it's
looking more like it now Mike come on
so you can do it as cool dishes that
literally it comes together so easily
oh speaking like the expert okay let's
technique Mike this is the second time
you ever made pasta I'm pretty impressed
is it gonna break I think that's been
enough it's kind of on to the next stage
Mike this looks exciting this was bought
by the guy who helps us with our census
videos from Italy it's meant to cut it
oh we have press really hard I'm
pressing pretty darn hard oh no it isn't
a work no not for this
we change tactics no pressure they see
this looks amazing
we're missing something okay these are
okay
this is so cool look at that you beauty
let's say we got a moment of truth there
the extra bits yeah I'm just gonna go
through oh and it goes well it looks
amazing
the pastas done we've got garlic dough
balls spicy Araku Mike you have excelled
yourself
moment of truth Mike you can have the
first bite wall to get it it's like the
longest linguine in the world it's like
a meter long you my lady in the Tramp
must know I had a people go for it squid
just watching from over there like mmm I
want seven is it good I'll see you again
for another blog tomorrow I'm heading
down London and yeah hope you'll have a
baby baby boy
goodbye and welcome to febc dog day 18
today I have no makeup on yet it's about
half past 12:00 now I've been doing
admin madness this morning the house is
such a mess because we've been kind of
coming going and away for the last few
days
