good morning guys and welcome to febc
blog day 18 today I have no makeup on
yet
it's about half-past twelve now I've
been doing admin madness this morning
the house is such a mess because we've
been kind of coming going and away for
the last few days and so I've just been
trying to sort everything out really and
answering a hundred emails we've got to
leave about three o'clock to go to the
lakeside signing and Essex I need to
double check I think it's I think that
will be enough time to get there but
yeah so today I've just been doing admin
I've just washed my hair and I got kind
of like half ready shaved my legs and
stuff because I'm having bare legs and
my dress tonight and I was just like I
can't leave all this for my makeup on
yet I'm so hungry I'm gonna go make some
lunch so yeah I might do my makeup in
the car is that really bad it's probably
really bad isn't it for a book signing I
probably need to look my best but yeah
I've just been Craig ray busy with
emails today because it's like the last
kind of three days having not like had
time to do it so yeah it's all built up
and I've been like replying to your oh
do you mean looks sorry and I'm just
looking around the kitchen thinking oMG
I need to tidy up so I'm gonna stop
vlogging and get on with it
I just made a bit of ravioli for lunch
was actually half with you're eating it
and I was like I've got a remember to
vlog it cuz I'm hungry and yeah the dogs
are going bananas today they are
absolutely loving the fact that they
have about a million toys squidgy I wish
you could come with us today square Peru
yeah would you like to come I'm missing
out hello guys so we are now in it
car on our way to the lakeside and the
traffic has been a little slow on the
first side it's a really a beautiful day
the Sun is out
how are you doing at bf driving the
chauffeur you're the best chauffeur in
the world
piglets here also she snuggled in her
bed it's like wrapped around her like a
little sausage roll like a hot dog hot
dog hot dog hot diggity dog she's like
yeah sure we are in poopie traffic
piglet has decided she wants a
traditional girl and she's scared of the
car or no she's so cuddly she's like a
little scarf I do love her yeah traffic
is pretty bad she's even worse neither
of us becomes all hairy we've got it
says we're going to be there in 20
minutes and it's 21 miles but we're
definitely not going 60 miles an hour
the whole way there I'm like I need a
coffee
yeah and see me what beautiful tennis
night but then I wait till I by the
sounds of it you know what we could do
Cabela's and and those there could do
none those take away could do not know
take oh yeah so we've arrived behind the
scenes and wh them we have a kitchen
today this is like super snazzy and a
full-length mirror and Piglet is is
climate izing mike is going on this
snack mission what are you getting today
my apparently am i getting some cookies
from Millie's cookies these cookies can
you remember the order for tea cookies
yeah mix mixed can ya next one for me I
know how many cookies you gotta go
deliver the package about she cooking
Mike has come back with the cookies
here's to live it and I'm actually
stealing one right now because he got a
couple of extra we're on our way it's
actually freezing cold in this corridor
like that stage you've just finished Pig
again was the star of the show
everybody loved her she's everyone loves
you Pig
I know like I'm just so chill I'm so
chilled thought she really cold in here
we're walking back to the staff room and
then can we go get some dinner dinner
because I'm really hungry the only
problem is they won't let you in piglet
because you're a stinky dog of course it
got it smuggle her in the other side do
you know who I am
PE I'm sure no knows about I'm sure
Nando's will have a problem with pain
apparently because everyone was bringing
me lots of amazing gifts as you can see
here super exciting so that she felt
sorry for Mike and that Mike need is a
gift so what you doing right now so they
went to Primark and got Mike a shower
cap but I just I think I'm never no
sexier Mike what's on the top of it Olaf
is a frozen shout out I think Karl will
be I actually genuinely like could quite
you use a shower cap bangles thank you
many bangles or bracelets or
what-have-you tell me why they're not
bangles they're bracelet angles they are
bracelet bangles are solid these are
soft
they're going on it's game
picking the car for like half an hour
she'll be okay she was not very
impressed you want to check in I think
and we pump Hernando's feet so we're
here with the girls who have been
helping out Mike here and we have or I
have a Mediterranean salad or chicken
extra ha got some sweet potato mash
Mike's got rap there's some chicken
going on Frances a mother salad we've
got all sorts of halloumi which
underrated in my opinion ruby is a
really great little son someone is very
very excited that we're back piggy piggy
pig-pig
he's such a good girl you said you got
pigs becoming an expert in backstage
shopping centers she's like don't you
ever leave me in the car ever again
never ever ever never leave me in the
car again come on Pig you were only
there for about half an hour you sure
you go home Coenen I'm pretty sure
somebody missed us little pig and so
cuddly and you know what else we have
after putting these in a vlog the other
day we got brought many
we're gonna eat these on the way home
thank you
I think about three or four different
girls born so thank you to all of you
who brought those 42 bunnies we are
gonna eat them Pig it's not allowed them
stick is literally clinging to me so
please don't leave me and Essex take me
home I like it but I'd like party line
it's really fun actually we went out
fernando's with the girls from the press
office a headline and they're so lovely
it's been so nice it's quite funny
actually because obviously most the time
I work on my own
and work from home and stuff so it's
been really nice to be like partner to
you I really like him
no it sounds sad but you know how
normally in a normal job you have like
colleagues I don't have any colleagues
so and then a while a second colleagues
like really posh but yeah it's been
really nice to spend time with them and
yes that is all for now we are
commencing the long ride home
yes we are piglet are you gonna stay
there the whole time probably like just
at home it's about me is it 11 I wanted
to show you guys the dogs reaction to
piglet getting back because it's
honestly the cutest thing they're like
oh where have you been where have you
been so cute
oh my god what are you doing back sure
excited I'm an otter Fleur and I forgot
to finish my vlog last night well I
didn't forget by the time we got back I
was super super sleepy and tired but I
had the best day in light side and again
I'm doing like a blog section like three
days in a row or two days in a row but
yeah hope you guys have an amazing day
I'll see you tomorrow which is actually
today a little creepy and here's Mike
bye okay good bye
hey guys welcome it's federal day 17
today I'm in the car already we had a
bit of a rush morning getting ready and
stuff so I don't have a chance at lot
before we got
we're on our way to the third date for
the glam glam we'll help you Blair for
the glam
