hey guys welcome it's painful day 17
today I'm in the car already we had a
bit of a rush morning getting ready and
stuff so I don't come chasuble before we
got in the car we're on our way to the
third date for the glam guy glam girl
head for the glam going signing tour
which is in Manchester one of my
favorite cities ever and actually kind
of where Mike came from originally into
life yes that is what we're doing today
piglet the wiggler is here snoozing on
the bed and we are running a little bit
late were meant to get there at 12:00
which is like an hour for the signing
starts just to be safe I think we're
gonna be about 15 or 20 minutes late so
hopefully we'll get there in time we
have to start signing a time I know
there's people in the queue already
which is crazy we left it like 10
o'clock and people were like I've been
secure where you take I was like oh god
we have you've left home yet so yeah and
he's doing outfits days when we get
there because I meant to you want at
home he didn't have time to having
change I want to show you look at my
beautiful ring that I got from Mike
basically it didn't cover time but this
is probably the prettiest ring I've ever
seen in my life it's Ramana Govinda it's
the Reaver rose gold ring and then my
other ones all breaking are from Astrid
and me you basically I have like really
weird looking happens but the rings are
pretty okay I'm trying to make my hand
look better with nice rings so yes that
is what's happening have naina breakfast
really hungry went to go to the gym did
didn't wake up in time didn't go to
circuits last night because I had to
edit my video basically we are just
going to get chopped still this week
because we're not doing any exercise and
we're eating only junk food it's kind of
like reversing back to Christmas again
I'm not sticking to my healthy lifestyle
but it's actually really really hard
when you're traveling long distances
everyday you basically end up eating out
of service stations do you have anything
to add today MDF only Olaf a dirty
t-shirt on oh he's like Superman the
globe guy future I also have a really
good present for the first person thank
you today I've got a an Urban Decay
Naked 3 palette which I'm really excited
to give her because I hope it was
doesn't happen already
she's tweeted me already the first
person in the queue said she's first so
exciting stuff anyway we will update you
on the journey now I have hair of Milan
last man you know something that really
don't be said and have to have to change
it is that my lipstick doesn't go with
my nail varnish it's like really
annoying yeah see you later
I just made a sneaky little stop in the
server station again I have her Savannah
Prospero because it's windy today and I
bought some tasty treats but if you guys
can see behind me oh there's a lot of
ball teaser bunnies
I like bought out WH Smith of Maltese
bunnies well then we could have done
that when we got there I was getting
I still have this patter striving crazy
unless imagine doing it I was getting
some lunch because I didn't have any
breakfast this morning and it's about 5
to 12 now so I stopped in at M&S got a
slightly healthier lunch then yesterday
I got a purse okay so we just arrived
and we have a present for very first
person McHugh and we also have bunnies
and I'm going to go out and give people
some Maltese of money
we finished the signing it went really
really well and we've just gone and got
coffee for a walk in central Manchester
this is like one of her probably the
second time she's ever been on it is in
the city walk and she is being really
funny she keeps like just stopping I'm
sitting down I mean like I don't want to
walk and Mike's been Polly we had her in
the bag while she was in the shopping
centre Mike was looking comedy value big
has spotted green and she's breaking off
her head
she's like yes no more concrete it's
just so funny but she's like Matt one's
fake green this one's got to be real
she's going for it strength on I know
she doesn't we and then like five
seconds meters back in the bag
and we're taking her she just had she's
handed and we're taking her quick toilet
break before I do have the lead before
we're meeting up with she's not because
I'm no matter before but like to know
her through online she's good try ass
and you guys might watch a video she
seems really nice especially better in
person
we're going to meet her little detour
and stuff in Primark we're walking
towards markets because so many of you
have exploiting me pictures of these
pink flannel pajamas that have sausage
dogs on them in Primark so I'm
determined to go and find some and wear
them
and look really sexy we've just come
back from eating out which I asked who
was so advice I'm so excited spoiling
the young person and I managed to find
the pigment pajamas what do you think
pig did I look like you she's like no no
but yeah so we are we have about half an
hour now before we music our friends for
dinner so we're gonna go and take piglet
for another week in the park and then go
to dinner yeah go eat some tasty food
pig is loving the bag right now
Oh Boog what is life I just had eight
it's a light full burger biron burger
with our friends so we hadn't actually
seen in like 18 months it was so nice
having out of them now we are on our way
back to the car to drive home I still
haven't uploaded yesterday's vlog I've
already bad this may be late but it was
really little th at the friends mike is
carrying the peugeot shocker I feel so
much you have never been more manly as
you have been today - you are just
smashing the manliness no I did not
finish my blog last night because we got
back super late I think we got back in
about half 12 but I am in my sausage dog
pajamas I'm so glad I found these and
they were like 7 pounds best thing ever
that's gonna be it for today's vlog
thank you so much everybody who came out
in Manchester and love you guys and I
will see you again tomorrow for another
bug bye bye that was a really weird but
I was like bye bye bye good morning
everybody welcome to 3rd vlog day 16
today I have another book signing we are
off to Sheffield I have been up since
5:45 doing a get ready with me video so
I'm feeling a little bit tired I haven't
had any breakfast yet
or a coffee
