good morning everybody welcome to febc
rock day 16 today I have another book
signing we are off to Sheffield I have
been up since 5:45 doing a get ready
with me video so I'm feeling a little
bit tired I haven't had any breakfast
yet or a coffee so I feel like we should
stop on the motorway this is my hair and
makeup for the day I'm not going to talk
you through my outfit have like a little
flat as well I'm not gonna talk you
through my outfit because I'm doing a
style diary video and it get ready with
me from this week because that would
just be overkill if I didn't outfit that
in this video as well
yeah we're ready got the presents for
the people in the queue we're gonna stop
at Krispy Kreme once we get there
because we've got virtually leaving it's
9:05 right now we're going to be there
at 11 and then I have some local press
interviews and like bloggers meet and
greets that I think the store have
organised I don't know who they're with
but yeah that's all before the signing
starts at one might slow move knows
apparently piglet is running around in
the sitting room like a mad woman or a
mad piglet piglet oh hi are you ready
for signing number two big lid she's
like no you guys are gonna go stay with
my mom because you are too naughty to
come treecko's wet piggy to poo girl
are you packed and ready she was so good
at the other signing I think we're gonna
take her hopefully to all of them oh
you're wet figured Booga squid she's
like I wanna come I wanna go
we are on our way to Sheffield yes we
are we've stopped in a service station
Piggy's in her bag today like this
because she feels a bit more secure I
think so and then she feels secure Mike
has just stopped at the service station
and he's been super kind and running to
get some food whilst we are waiting in a
cart because it's raining and also piggy
this
they're not stayin in here I think but
what do we get em d/f got a hot
chocolate with cream jealous because
that's a coffee break
jealous Mike's coffee break i hot
chocolate break I got a skinny caramel
macchiato which Mike has she got me
Grande one I think thinks I'm a bit
sleepy this morning which would be
correct
and I'm Anna banana and I oh my god I'm
sorry Mike got a slapjack
he's already had breakfast so that's
just a snack and then I also got oh yeah
the best ever
it's the mushroom and cheese by the
seventies I thought you said you got me
the ham and cheese and I was like no
mushroom one's better and I'm gonna try
to eat this without a stealing it may be
hard we've arrived Meadowhall
this was probably the biggest shopping
center I've ever seen you can't really
see on camera but it is ma who sit and
we are currently trying to find the
management car park service area 5 and 7
so probably need to go to ground by that
and then past six sets of traffic lights
there's one one countin
huge we just got into our room before
that coffee machine is making funny
noises
we put pickup it down and she's not
moving out of her bag oh oh maybe she is
now no I've said it she just got out of
the car and sat in a puddle
Betty Corden as he got to the loo if I
were distressed piglet has got a bit of
a disheveled looking back in her tails
been so wet from the rain
Oh piggy you're gonna be a good girl he
is hey I told buddy
she's like yes only if they bring me
treats we are behind the scenes and WH
Smith and I wanted to show you guys that
the wall the Meadowhall wall of signing
fame how cools everybody who's been here
signing books before yeah
recognise anyone going in to W expenses
piglet has got her own dog carrier holy
Mike's just going to get doughnuts so
we're gonna meet Mike with the doughnuts
and then we're gonna take them out and
give them to everybody and I hope
they're gonna be tasty we just finished
the signing we've come back out to the
secret carpark it went so well I was so
happy with it everyone was so nice I
really just
I'm loving this I'm loving it I wish I
could do it every day pig has managed to
find a little bit of greenery can you
spot her literally as soon as we got
back in the car park you can tell she's
a country dog she literally like ran
across the cardfight like greenery and
then went straight in and did we and
just I don't know what she's doing now
just chilling pig she was so good you
can't even see her she's under there
that there she is she was so
well-behaved and she had like a Q at one
point it was like longer than mine I
think at the very end but yeah it was so
funny and she was such a good girl I
think she's quite tired now we are gonna
drive home now got quite a way to go you
come here Pig come on she's like oh
don't leave me in Sheffield I want to
come home
oh come on she's like I don't want to go
in the car I want to stay in the bushes
Rascals but yeah she was so good come on
Pig pig and we just had a good time now
we are going home just got to my mom's
I've stopped in because mom's been
looking after the dogs I think they're a
little bit excited to see Mike to be
honest they have been going absolutely
bananas and they're being a nightmare
but at some Krispy Kremes leftover from
the side news today so we brought one
for my mom I think Mike's probably gonna
eat one now we're gonna save my dad as
well hey these guys got everybody bought
today this one in particular is from a
girl called Maisy and she already gave
picket at her toy but as you may have
noticed his squid has definitely noticed
who woods which one you want the one
with two balls on it do you get now get
down sit sit on the chair sitting on the
chair Wow well it's pretty incredible
these mess houses about people from
other people I think that's a heritable
Vicki you gonna play to this choice
print it off all the pictures that's
amazing that's my favorite book favorite
book Oh Peggy have you stolen treecko's
like maybe this one is from Chloe
jasmine cool dear Justin and today
specifically ask me
my favorite thing in the world
candles another one my favorite thing in
the world you don't like candles the
Incas Jasmine red berry red berry and
Jasmine I'm not sharing this with you
like many bunnies are you the king of
the castle hundred percent the dirty
Roth or what squeege so amazing great
great we're home now it's been a
seriously long day actually but it's
been really really good I've had a great
day again we've just well we got back at
about half seven or maybe seven o'clock
and I've just finished editing my get
ready with me video which I filmed this
morning and it is exporting now and I'm
uploading it so I think it's gonna be
quite a late night past ten o'clock
already Mike's here doing some work as
well on el sof√° you're feeling pretty
tired aren't you Mike a beer a nap and
then get back to work
yeah so that's it for tonight probably
I'm just about to eat my dinner which I
haven't got it late and Mike's gonna
have Spelman eggs on toast I think but
I've just made oh I didn't make it from
scratch I just had a cotton I sneaked
potato soup because I thought I better
go for something vaguely like for dinner
because all I've eaten today is junk
food like seriously as you guys will
have seen in this vlog I've been kind of
junk food crazy but yeah I'm gonna get
on with my uploading and stuff we've got
to leave at about 10 o'clock tomorrow I
think to get to
so a bit later than the other starts
which is really good and I'm still not
sure what I'm gonna wear yeah so yeah
I'm gonna get some sleep and then I'll
see you guys in the morning
for another day I wanted to say thank
you as well as to everybody it came to
Sheffield today you guys are awesome and
I'll see you tomorrow bye bye morning
guys welcome to fair vlog day 15 I'm so
bad my days today we are just our hotel
we're heading to Bristol village yes on
the way home because it's really close
to Oxford and
