morning guys welcome to fair vlog day 15
I'm so bad my days today we are just
left my hotel we're heading to Bristol
village yes on the way home because it's
really close to Oxford and we thought we
would just popped a Vista village and
say hey mister village what's going on
got any good cool stuff shopping addict
here and my hair is strong on the frizz
front today I basically got a bit
ambitious with my so my plaques that I
had in yesterday they're basically like
two fish tails and then you just pin
them on top of your head so i unpin them
when i went to bed and i was like
brilliant i can just have my pigtails
tomorrow and then I woke up and like the
whole front of my head was like frizzy
from being like I swear I sleep facedown
my pillow off the time I'm like wriggle
around so I wake up and the whole front
of my hair is like cray so yeah and I
didn't really want to watch Excel sheets
today morning just kind of unplastered
it and brushed it and I got like great
great frizzy hair like off for Allah but
it's all good not quite amazing oh I
really like Oxford I'm very jealous if
any of you live in Oxford or go to uni
hair or whatever
it's really beautiful mike says that
like he's ever lived here he's never
lived you have friends that live here
some of our friends were at uni and
ultrabooks and we used to come out go
clubbing when we were younger and cooler
no you never
I was super cool oh you were sad so so
yeah that's all we're doing today I was
your supper last night oh my god I
forgot to tell you dinner last night we
went to a place called the Sir Charles
Napier which is a super fan
the fancy restaurant in oxygen and it
was so good I had they gave like canapes
a star and then we had a scallop with
some yummy stuff I think it had pork
with it and then we had my cards rather
chicken ravioli did you not fishy
privately and I had a souffle which was
exceptionally good it was like a set
menu but it was like either-or I mean my
cordially opposite things basically and
then I had cod which was really good it
was a little bit salty but pretty
amazing and Mike had the most incredible
duck I was very jealous it is unreal it
was so good and then and then everybody
they had the best cheese board ever in
the whole world you couldn't solve your
face no it was a really I put I was way
too excited Mike to picture me with the
cheese that's that's definitely not not
going on YouTube but yeah the cheese was
exceptionally good it was delicious
so yeah all in all we had a lovely
evening what a delightful meal well he
didn't say my pudding definitely oh you
had oh actually I really wanted that and
I said to Mike I was like I'm pretty
sure it said cheese was like a five
pound supplement at the end and I was
like I'm pretty sure it's either raw
like the cheese is a dessert it's not
cheese after that Mike was like no you
can have a cheese and the dessert just
that she is just the cheese but Mike had
it was like a chocolate and caramel
terrine like moosie thing with peanuts
and coffee it looked amazing
basically I'm really hungry because we
go get some breakfast
let's go get a coffee the coffee we
stopped for coffee Starbucks and the key
was like out of the door so like there
whatever on the way out we spotted the
ice cream
truck things is hot they do coffee but
you know what they also do share lotto
got haze on a coconut and creme brulee
and Mike just went all out
he got a massive waffle creme brulee and
caramel mom monkey don't mind if I okay
I'm so stealing a bite and we've just
got home
oh she's got I just gave him a little
snack my snack we're giving them all the
toys that loads of people brought for us
yesterday Meetup these are the best ones
they're so cool we've just given them a
little treat and then they've got one of
these each so as you can tell squidge
these two are very very excited about
them Oh
give one to piggy piggy Wiggy pigs
guarding her little own but I gave her
this too and she's just put it there and
she's not eating it she's just looking
after it
do you want this to pig no no no I just
want my snack and no one else is allowed
there silly though I also wanted to
really quickly show you guys these which
I just open now these are from a couple
of girls who do a young enterprise
project how cool are they they're like
Christmas decorations well that's got
Peggy's face on it
that's so cool this is the name of their
little young enterprise company if you
guys are interested how come are they
using that hilarious
it's got patreon it oh please
someone's being a little greedy with the
toys come on squid you gotta learn to
share she's like that all mine you've
got one
I tried doing this with them squit you
got your brat everyone thinks piglet is
the most spoiled
this is proving it wrong right now Bratz
face in the corner squid she's got over
inside the corner she hasn't realized
the wiggler it's taken over you go pick
good pig go on TWiki get yours back -
you guys are so good it's so happy and
we also think there must have been some
kind of offer going on in these streets
because they got they're gonna be so
great litter is gonna last them for ages
how many other one two three five fat
hog fat oil dog what is that
this is also the Pussycats a lot of
sweet treats even they don't know that
ah considered to be fair they never get
trees was he can't baby baby hmm she's
like huh you're feeding me by hand this
is this is normally a biscuit so I just
hardly did that think Mike's just doing
the washing and I believe it's quite
Mormon no it's not that's not health and
safety that's a good idea in the Talmud
Riya she's like where's my knickers
sure excuse me BV I'm sitting on the
sofa right now with Pig wig on this side
Jude in a monkey and scourge on the
other side he's got her new toy and then
treat Katrine he's on the floor of that
I'm writing lists to-do lists for the
week and also getting organized here
tomorrow because I we've got to leave in
about nine ty but I want a firmer get
ready with new vo before somebody wake
up super early getting ready tomorrow
for the signing in Sheffield after now
treacle is lying on her back as well and
that is my laptop uploading yesterday's
vlog and we're also watching Maze Runner
we've downloaded it which I'm super
excited about because we missed it at
the cinema and it's really good so I'm
gonna go now so I can actually watch it
this is my dinner tonight I just
actually cooked for Mike we've got some
pork wrapped in bacon with Apple
stuffing which I didn't do from scratch
it was from like ready put together it
looks really good broccoli asparagus and
some aubergine and some olives I know
this is a really weird addition but I
just fancied them Mike's called potatoes
instead of
though machines in the lips but there we
go so I'm currently in the process of
wrapping our little gifts for the first
people in the queue each day I'm really
actually feel I feel really sad that I
didn't do this yesterday I kind of
thought of it today so yeah I'm sad I
didn't do it yesterday as well but I'm
excited because the first person in the
queue at each signing is gonna get one
of these it's like a naked 3 palette
naked on the run there's a perfume this
is another perfume in here and I'm gonna
write them a little note on my glam
guide note cards and I think I'm also
going to get a t-shirt we're waiting to
find out if I've gotten enough t-shirts
but basically we're planning really fun
things and if you're not first in the
queue and you're coming don't worry
because we're also going to buying
special little treats for the first 40
or so people who are there so I'm super
excited and yeah I just thought would be
a nice way to kind of give something
back to everybody for making such an
effort and being so lovely at the
signings and yeah they get wrapping
mission accomplished
I have donor writing paper on tomorrow's
one as well and just know stack of
things not to forget in the morning to
have to leave pretty early that's it say
guys see you tomorrow for another vlog
bye everybody welcome to febc day 14
it's Valentine's Day love is in the air
today is the day of my first book
signing in rock teens and I'm really
quite nervous I've just got ready and
this is my hair and my makeup
