good morning everybody welcome to febc
lock day 14 it's Valentine's Day love is
in the air
today is the day of my first book
signing in rock teens and I'm really
quite nervous I've just got ready this
is my hair my makeup obviously for the
day yeah I'm just really nervous I'm
nervous is like no one's gonna show up
I'm hoping quite a few you will come and
say hello and there's also been a crash
on the m1 this morning so we're leaving
a bit early just in case there are any
problems I'm like 50/50 excited and
nervous I don't really know how to feel
cuz it's the first one I'm like oh God
but piglet the pig a wiggle and Mike are
coming with me and I think pretty much
all of my family are coming as well and
treacle which is gonna be slightly
interesting I swear everybody in the
queue or at least 50% are gonna be
related to me or friends but that's not
a bad thing I think pig a wiggle is in
here is she not get ourselves there's no
wiggle yeah are you getting yourself
spruced up hey Pig give me yourself a
bath ready for the signing do you guys
want to come too I wish you could come
they would be mental can you imagine but
piggy wiggle is coming and she has a
special new collar
Annelise it's actually not my forte so
it's the first time she's worn it she's
coming her little bag as well because
she likes to travel in that makes her
feel safe but this is her collar and
lead I think it's quite cute and that is
going on now and I guess we should leave
it's like 10 11 o'clock now and we're
meant to be there at 12:15 but I think
the news what's that seriously news
what's the big news
you want the lottery
yeah how much did you end 600 pounds six
pounds what were you gonna spend that on
your spin on what a coffee I've been on
some like I don't know like maybe new
pair of socks punch don't you get pants
for six now it's moving Primark Plus
identity as well yeah pants are dear
these days how much have you
say my love happy Valentine's Day how's
your Valentine's Day how are your
president Mike's taking me to a super
romantic already to snazzy hotels are
very excited how was your presence what
did you get the book did you like it
it's okay
oh and I got some chocolates yeah they
were all right
and it takes a concert I've seen you
know I've seen I've seen was you know
that's pretty soft how rude so we're on
our way
Piggy's here she is not the best in the
car but she's starting to calm down a
bit
you're all right aren't you pig you
decided to meet everybody she like no I
didn't wanna come Oh pig you'll love it
once we get there I promise this is the
current situation isn't it booger each
knuckle is okay okay
on a plus sign movie your colors looking
beautiful it matches my nail varnish
she's not impressed a little bit early
on where's the Sonics I've stopped on
the way to go to Tesco's these people
were tweeting me from the queue saying
that they're cold and hungry so I'm
going into Tesco this it's a little bit
early and I'm gonna find some snacks for
everybody
and yeah let's see what we can find
tasty ones hopefully I'm thinking I'm
gonna buy Tesco's out of these cupcakes
don't I don't even gonna be enough for
everybody but we're gonna try this is
the cupcake situation right now I
basically bought all of the cupcakes
they had in Tesco so I'm hoping it's
enough for a few people in the queue and
Piglet is a loving life right now she
just saw a couple of other people in the
car park and was like Hello we're like
pigpig they're not here to meet you so
yeah we're in the loading bay car park
right now which looks like this it's
pretty creepy and we're waiting for the
girls to come and get us and we've
arrived backstage and this is Fran who
is helping us with the signings today
and she's taking the cupcakes down to
give them to the guys in the queue that
I've been there since apparently there's
been people yes it's nice looking so
they deserve a cupcake you reckon you
should do you know an American football
with life throw t-shirts other t-shirt
cannon I have a cupcake no Mike no this
is why you're the only boy are you ready
Pig let's go
I also didn't show you guys mike has a
tour t-shirt looking at a very man let
me see Lucy's back yeah are you ready
it's rock'n'roll I am so nervous but on
our way down now and I'm not sure until
I go and say hi I think you'll be like
okay and then run back inside going
outside
say hello to everybody became really
really quick me thanks for waiting guys
so we're done that was so much fun it
was probably the coolest thing ever and
we're walking out with a sneaky carpark
now we're gonna go and find some food
because I am so hungry
what's the time for really four o'clock
isn't it yeah I'm so hungry
but yeah it was really fun it went
really well all start off was so nice so
a big shout out to all of the staff at
water sentinel keynes you are awesome
and especially to everybody who came out
you are great really excited about
Monday now I was like so nervous there's
gonna be nobody there and I got to chat
with everybody in her photos and we have
like a whole car of presence I can't
actually quite believe that I'm gonna
open them later on today once I've had
some food but seriously you do not need
to bring me presents so anyone who's
coming to other signings you are silly
you're awesome but you're silly cuz you
don't need to bring anything I just want
you to be there but yeah it is really
exciting I think pig got a lot of
presents as well
pig is now in case anyone is wondering
piglet has gone home with my mom and dad
because we are going straight to Oxford
to our hotel I'm going out for dinner
tonight we're just never exciting let's
go and eat something I think I'm
slightly delirious how did you find that
just like chatting for ages and also the
fact that a lot of people asked Mike to
sign the Pearl you are like excuse me
it was me I spent hours slaving over
their book hours like I said I only saw
it must have looked over I was like hey
you sign my book you cheeky monkey no
way you said that I must have been a
poet like us why you and pig it was so
good everybody loves her Oh super fun
yeah we're gonna go out and eat
we are now in usually made by way of the
training wheels Mike's choice got some
sushi going on well we did have some
beef going on some miso soup going on
what should I have guys there we go
we've just arrived at the hotel so I
thought we'd do a quick room tour
because I'm not gonna vlog anymore
tonight because we're going out for a
romantic meal as it's Valentine's Day so
you know you guys can just go and do
your own thing for Wednesday evening
this is go watch our video there yeah
Mike you are so smug about that this is
what a room looks like we're staying in
the randolph is it the Randolph in
Oxford which is super snazzy and
old-fashioned and there is a little desk
there's some jazz music going on some
armchairs we've got some champagne on
ice which Mike's a really drink
champagne so bottle and get wasted and
then I have all of my stuff from awesome
awesome awesome subscribers today that
brought these and the girls who brought
this which is Morgan Georgia and grace
asked me to open it on camera so here I
go nasha sticks so hey look that looks a
bit like squidge there is French
lavender and cassis moisturizing body
balm that sounds delightful this is cool
as well it's like a flower a body poof
and then there is a jar of notes open
when la ligue ha they look funny and
then I think there's some notes here
from the girls which I am gonna read
later as well not on camera because
that's kinda I will see it's kind of
rude and then there is a book oh my god
they've actually oh my that is the
coolest thing I've ever seen
that is so cool Mike look at this well
that cool pretty epic I think there's no
writing on the back which I need to read
as well and they've done a flared force
travel journal for notes that is so cool
thank you so much guys it's super sweet
thank you to everybody who brought
anything because I'm gonna open all
these now it's like so ridiculously kind
of you and I really really do appreciate
it and for anyone that bought me food
I'm gonna eat it because I'm really
hungry and then the bathroom is in here
and it's just a black and white bathroom
it's quite nice bathroom we very nice
planning Monsur thank you mr. romantic
Oh
are you gonna open that bottle of
champagne I will see you guys tomorrow
for day 14 I'm not sure what came over
me that much oh no it's 40 today isn't
it 15 that song I'm not breaking with my
days but I hope you guys had an amazing
day and I'm Ashley thank you to
everybody who came down to Mill Keens if
you are in Sheffield Manchester Lake or
nearly excited blue water which is Kent
and Essex the other can and you want to
come to a book signing there are still
those tickets left I think so yeah and
also I'm pretty sure like there will be
someone's day and if you just come and
join the queue I don't think you need to
comment during the queue
I'm gonna stay I'm gonna stay there if I
get you in like just tweet it yeah yeah
Mike sounds dodgy like let's get you in
the club yes I'm so excited to me even
more of you next week
super cool and we're going for a
romantical we are now happy Valentine's
Day to you all
bye bye morning guys welcome to febc
logged a13 it's Friday the 13th unlucky
for some but I I feel good about
Thirteen's
Taylor Swift's favorite number it cannot
be wrong today is Friday obviously I
said that it's Friday 13th
