good morning guys welcome to febc logged
a 30 minute Friday the 13th unlucky for
some but I I feel good about 13 Taylor
Swift's favorite number it cannot be
wrong today is Friday obviously I said
that it's Friday 13th if you can't tell
by the way look I'm a little bit tired
today I have just been in the gym I
always have a personal training session
a session every Friday morning Mike
actually came with me today for the
first time in a few months which was
awesome but I have had quite a
significant lack of sleep for the past
like three or four days and I'm feeling
pretty exhausted if I'm honest I have a
eyebrow appointment in 20 minutes which
means I'm gonna be a little bit late
they get really stressed if you're late
as well I'm making a coffee take with me
on the road because let's face it I need
it my Starbucks travel mug which is
probably my favorite thing in the whole
world and a dulce de leche press coffee
Mike was here but he's now gone and that
makes me sad because I wanted him to be
in my blog but yes today is the day of
errands and the calm before the storm
I'm getting my eyebrows done before the
signings which start tomorrow and I have
a whole lot of admin to do I've got
anything to do I've got blogpost to
write I've got organizational rubbish to
sort out and yes let's get going I also
have to take Mike's jeans has three
pairs of jeans here one of them is the
right length and has some kind of dodgy
stain on it and then these two I have to
take to get altered and I also have to
go to the supermarket and just generally
I'm looking like rubbish so maybe a
balaclava it would be a good idea right
now
I don't know one of those days I should
tell my brows down I actually picked up
mum on the way hello and we are going to
WH Smiths to pick up a copy of my book
for the very first time actually we're
going to throw some water stones which
one's clothes I'm still in my gym gear
and it's freezing resistance okay we're
going to more stones or if you guys you
both
and it's so exciting I haven't actually
seen in a shot yet and everyone else has
seen it except me so we're gonna go buy
it the first time they don't have some
water it's okay
sad day mission so it's a little bit
nicer now I'm home I managed to get a
copy of my book loved it and Mike just
got home with this this is possibly the
coolest cake I've ever seen in my life
it's a Valentine's Day cake which inside
its got like plastic thing on top it's
got chocolate on the inside and a bow
how cool is that it's like a chocolate
box Valentine's cake which were they
selling this an option today and they
did it for charity to raise money how
much money did you pay for this I paid
200 pounds 200 pounds what actually was
it for our cancer research
ah you're so nice about your Valentine's
Day donations charity yes I think that's
quite a fix what a nice man there's a
reason why I married him clearly what
are you making I'm making scrambled eggs
on toast scrambled eggs on toast for
lunch it's a bit weird
so I don't know what I'm gonna have for
lunch I went to a supermarket earlier
and bought some stuff so I've got some
pasta
you don't want pasta it's bronze I did
also get some smoked salmon do you want
smoked salmon with your scrambled eggs a
little bit so Mike's done is eggs I'm
not sure if I'm gonna have any because
all right I was gonna show this but I
only have my breakfast at like 11
o'clock so I'm not hungry but I might
still some the smoked salmon this looks
really good so to prevent ice cream
packaging love's nights at my peak it
what are you doing over there on that
chair are you wet and muddy she's
literally just been digging like so
annoyed cuz she gets cold
hence we have the dirty towel on the jet
to stop it getting even dirtier the
dirty dog chair you little monkey you're
so cute and I love the fact that piglet
is on like the big chair which is way
too big for her and squidge is forced to
curl up on the little pouf next door Oh
bit later now and I'm slightly stressed
out because I have been spending the
last two hours trying to upload my blog
from yesterday and my new video for
today the focus in this camera is not
working anyway we have a whole host
people waiting for me we are an hour
late for dinner
although you did only just get here I
might would pick everybody else yes so
thank you yeah cuddling piglet and then
Matt and Lucy here reading my book first
time where hey and yeah we're going for
curry at Hanna's can you would you mind
doing cook outfit today this I don't
even know what it looks like all in one
because it was a very rushed
I literally just like threw my hair on
the pointy head oh well that's what I
strive a bit mascara bit of lip gloss -
knowledge going on in the face situation
right now your new necklace yesterday
from H&M which I love and you quote from
H&M because I got so cold yesterday I
bought this and love it it's a very nice
coat like a jacket shirts from Massimo
Dutti
jeans from Topshop and the shoes are
from the coupons and I think we should
go now because otherwise I'm gonna be
really late
apparently we eating curry tonight we
are I am very excited so we've got we're
supposed to be there at half past and is
not focusing yeah we're not realize how
big henna party was going to be fun the
good news is done cracked out the raw
vegetable chicken wing they are the best
chicken wings in the world or a secret
recipe but they are pretty much the best
thing I've ever tasted in my life I went
for two look at them oh yeah
very serious gamers finding it slightly
anti-social this was going on like super
effective so it is currently half past
1:00 in the morning we just got home
I'm gonna go so I'm so tired and we're
gonna be up super early because it is
our first signing I say our mics coming
with me and pig first book signing
tomorrow I'm quite nervous but kind of
excited at the same time yeah
Milton Keynes here we come I'm going to
bed see you guys tomorrow lots of love
bye bye
