hey guys and welcome to febc logged a 12
it is
publication date I'm so excited I
company bit I it's actually almost
twelve o'clock I've been editing vlogs
and like uploading yesterday's love and
everything up up a bit early today she
cuz I'm not gonna have my laptop all day
because I'm leaving at the hotel but I
have just been packing up all of my
stuff yeah I'm super late checking out I
hope I'm not in trouble but today I'm
heading over to my publishers offices to
sign my first ever like copies of my
book so they're sending them out to its
a few like competition winners and
things like that so I'm gonna go and
sign fifty copies there and then we're
going out for a celebratory lunch which
I'm super super excited about I'll do a
quick outfit today royally although to
be honest you kind of seen it before in
different formats but today I'm wearing
my coupons my shirt jacket my Sandro
lace and kind of nude shirt which this
lighting in this hotel room is terrible
for filming I'm sorry guys then I have
all my Zara black jeans and my YSL
leopard pumps and obviously when I have
my this is the same as yesterday but I'm
also really really excited tonight
because I'm going to fifty Shades of
Grey premiere with my friend Marie super
excited so I have my high heels in my
bag I need it like a day to evening
outfits I'm not gonna be able to come
back and change because I have meetings
like all afternoon so I'm so excited
about that and I'm also I've been like
on Twitter all morning because you guys
have been tweeting me pictures like
off-the-book arriving and picking up
your wristbands for the meetups I've
literally wasted like two hours on
Twitter just being like oh my god I love
you guys and like the books here so yeah
if you have been tweeting me and I've
been replying I shouldn't have been I
should have been doing work and getting
ready and now I'm late and I probably
gave me in trouble for checking out late
but it's just so awesome to see you guys
excited about the book and see you guys
actually holding in your hands it's so
cool I can't even believe it yeah I'm
gonna go in sign some copies now I guess
so I've just arrived in the offices this
is like the coolest thing I've ever seen
so I only ever seen two copies of my
book of any one time and there is a
massive pile on the
well I now have to sign all these I was
quite scary but amazing they look so
pretty together look at the purple down
the side and the Stars this is a very
very exciting moment guys so I just went
for an amazing lunch with my editor and
her sister and my book agent and it was
so amazing I didn't love it it's kind of
not really appropriate but something
happened before lunch I went to the
office and I was signing the copies of
the book someone gave me a little phone
call and she came and said and I ignored
it twice and I was like oh it's
important Mike you are still calling me
like five times my ex like I'm outside
the restaurant I'm surprising you just
to meet me for lunch
just a flash there's this cool thing in
the book world and they say to you when
on the daily your book coming out laughs
better and they say happy publishing day
a happy happy published published day I
was like happy birthday I've got like a
new thing to celebrate so you always
stay on first handle and here's my first
candle yes
MDS but you going shopping yes I'm going
to find presents for friends yeah we've
got friends birthdays I've got a couple
of meetings I'm actually bit late so I'm
gonna depart this area and you you're
going that way
down that way to redo it Street yep I'm
going up Shaftesbury Avenue that way see
you later alligator got like an extra
half an hour so Mike just hooked em gave
me his coat cuz I've never been into it
should we go in I think I knew it's
really expensive I'm going to Dallas
yeah we're going to America soon search
yeah so yeah anyway yeah yeah so anyway
so we are freezing because I didn't
bring in clips in my game use Coker's
and your age anymore I'm not anymore but
I was at least you've got a jumper I'm
stupid enough to come out with like a
shirt wasn't I can't yesterday so we're
going to look for a statement necklaces
I feel a bit underdressed for the old
premier tonight before my and one long
other meeting Mike's been shopping it
might for his mum's birthday present
when was the last time you bought
presents here ma window I want it I want
it
when was the last time you bought your
mum's birthday present so seven and a
half years ago very very impressed
jo Malone good choice but what bass the
way of bath oil and a candle oh yeah you
never know ooh I like that
this is tempting shopping that yellow
yellowness I like the yellow anyway so
yeah that's what's happening now
apparently might want to coffee but it's
not actually brewed coffee
Mike's I don't need a coffee I might you
mean hot job things like you know
anything so yeah we're going hmm
trying to find statement like list and
then we get some coffee - coffee please
stop for a little coffee and macaroon or
you've got to you didn't get hot
chocolate you got Darjeeling because you
like the film blazingly I got a little
cappuccino and we got four macaroons so
we got salted caramel lemon pistachio
and a special Valentine's Day one so
romantical
I would order some more say goodbye to
my meeting in this hotel but it's right
next door to where the premiere is
tonight and it's mental like absolutely
mental and noisy there's a lot of people
swimming with Jamie Dornan right now a
lot of people waiting
off we go I guess but we just sat down
there are Lindell chocolates on the
seats loving it how many written if you
know like four or five maybe I'm hoping
I'm hoping for five and this is the
ticket that's my mr. grey will see you
now
hello he hasn't even read the book why
don't even have to promote young friend
the book you you you're gonna read the
book on seeing the film I guarantee so
this is why we're sitting like right up
here great view this is the director I
believe being interviewed on a car or
the grey carpet now and the seats are
secret leopard print yet loving it got
my but my fifty shades of red shoes on
appropriate and just
I think my son you know his friend I
think is quite glad and I didn't have to
drag him to visit the cinema like seven
I thought he's so awkward doesn't have
involved he would have been so
embarrassing
thank you very much power think it's
universal thanks to these wonderful
people here I have enjoyed the film we
made it Evos gentlemen
just like normal I didn't actually block
in between film and getting here because
it was a bit of a mad rush it sounded
like half an hour late but we may not
try no time dinner to get slow
like them obviously I also got my friend
before we got him down friend there's a
little mini hip flask which I shall take
you ages done masses do a quick
fast-forward melting you see you big
banner self hey I do like something down
the hatch my friend we're gonna get him
a nice little su sorry
how was some Fifty Shades
it was as cringy and it's very inspiring
you would hate it it's made for a lady
you would
how can I write you liked it because in
but they said all the new stuff they
said that it's not
my friends and then I found out that my
book is I'm 80
like pictures I've been on Twitter all
day my favorite like your own pictures
and retweet them and stuff but it's just
basically the best day ever
like you guys have been awesome I just
keep getting
security thought that they didn't like
even recite I don't know where this
thing you were cold
come yet but they like get off that if
you own your phone even though the movie
so I'm I like okay you're like oh sorry
I was just texting my friend to say okay
while Ian
that was a great combat a great helmet
32 shades of crazy and the dark red line
great outing surely if they were gonna
be lucky
it's real big-budget mission yeah maybe
it was just a really subtle buddy - then
that would be like all great but this
was like one color and then another
rubbish I mean - I'm home and the
poopies are here is everybody very
excited oh girl ooh this is piglets
favorite thing to do it like oh these
guys are going cray cray I missed you
all
people coming come PPP she's like no oh
attack attack attack that's it for today
guys I'm super sleepy and I'm going to
bed I love you all best day in the world
by say bye bye pig bye morning guys and
welcome to febc blog day 11 I can't
actually quite believe it my book launch
is tomorrow so excited I stayed in the
hotel last night and I thought it would
do a quick hotel room tour
