good morning guys and welcome to febc
blog day 11 I can't actually quite
believe it my book launch is tomorrow so
excited I stayed in a hotel last night
and I thought we would do a quick hotel
room torn up at the day before I leave
I'm missing Mike I can't maybe have to
go home last night I'm sad but yeah I'm
gonna show you my hotel this is a little
messy but basically I'll go to the door
it's really tiny but it's super cute
this is what it looks like it's a bit of
a mess because I'm selecting about
obviously but here's the bed with my
handbag on it and then I have the little
desk with my laptop and my iPhone is
playing a Christmas surprise surprise
and have some Instagram notifications
and then outside the window it it's it
looks a little something like this I'm
not very exciting and then I have some
coffee mugs inna and some coffee table
books that have read I've got given to
us when we were at rankings studio
yesterday they like gave her some books
when we left which was awesome
and then yeah there's the bed again
it's my luggage on the floor my book on
the floor that should be on the floor
 and then have some dresses for
tonight and tomorrow in the wardrobe and
then here is the teeny tiny bathroom
which I love because I'm like obsessed
with white marble but it is tiny I had
to put a towel on the floor to stop my
feet getting wet after I put my tights
on because there's water from the shower
like everywhere so I've just done my
makeup which looks like this hello and
yeah there's my other stuff and then
there's a shower in there so a little
outfit of the day I can show you guys I
have recycled my hair from yesterday
it's a bit messy I loved it so much
and it's quite early now I didn't really
have time to refill redo my hair so I
was like you know what I'm gonna sleep
on this side I'm gonna make it work and
he looks quite cute and then I have on
my little Koopas kind of shirt jacket a
necklace by Topshop
she's like a hammered gold necklace then
I have on my kind of silk and lace shirt
from Sandra that I got this to village
have on my cupola skirt that has leather
star-shaped panels on the side I really
like this is quite hard to show you but
then it's quite cool huh
the other side today's you see better
there I don't know
and then yeah black tights and my
rag-and-bone boots and then obviously
I'm gonna be taking my handbag as well
so that is the final outfit of the day
I'm gonna pick my book up off the floor
now and get going I have a really really
really really exciting meeting this
morning which I can't say anything about
it's so frustrating but all the cool
stuff that's happening I can't tell you
about it yet but it's really really cool
so have a meeting about that this
morning
and what ahead kind of like out of
London in the opposite direction where I
live so hence I stayed in London last
night and then I also I'm doing a little
bit of filming with a journalist called
Brian Gordon I mentioned it my job a
couple of days ago and yes I'm doing a
little bit someone who helped her pack
on products for that video that's
actually be really exciting and I
tweeted a picture last night okay and I
don't know if she's gonna think this is
funny or not she tweeted me my oh my god
first one's coming to fill up tomorrow I
need to target my flat and the same day
Mike had taken a picture of piglet
having ripped up the entire cover of her
book which I was reading in the sitting
room and there was like bits of paper
everywhere and then like her book with
no cover a little half a cover in the
middle of the picture if you guys
probably Micra Instagram you I've seen
it but I tweeted her being like can't be
as sad as this throttles dog oMG so
embarrassing like I was a bit of joke
and she didn't tweet me back and I hope
it's because you haven't seen the tweet
and not because she's like pissed off
because my dog cheat at public I don't
know from reading her book she's pretty
funny lady so I'm pretty sure she won't
be pissed off but I'm just hoping so
yeah so I'm gonna go now I've got a long
tube journey and I'm getting a cab so
off we go today I actually can't leave I
got like not much sleep last night I
cannot believe it is nearly Thursday
early okay so the first meeting today
went really really well and it's so
frustrating I can't tell you guys about
it because it's killing me
and hopefully I'll be able to tell you
sometime like late summer what it is but
it's gonna be awesome and I can't wait
to share it with you I'm just having
some lunch now it's not all mine okay
but this is our starter it's quite a
small sharing platter or two burgers
some kind of focaccia bread some olives
some hummus satsuki just looks amazing
similarly to last week we did not need
so much food this is my main course
prawn and sure it's a linguine I cannot
describe how good it smells we've just
stopped my foot coffee and I spotted
these in Starbucks which I've never seen
before
cookies filled with Nutella I think my
may just die wedding Caesars so I am at
bryony's house right now we just filmed
the video which was top 5 product
recommendations for tired moms obviously
don't what I'm talking about I don't
have any kids but just generally for
lack of sleep I thought it was pretty
good and Briony is here I'll not make
you look at yourself it's really
cheating things are good products see
the eye cream that like also like makes
like I don't know if you can see right
now but I need some help and I've got a
lot of makeup on like I'm gonna have to
cordially spray oh my god that was like
being in a spa yeah it is the best thing
ever and the guys here before when
they're currently tidying up this is
like so professional for me I normally
film by myself and have some kind of
dodgy makeshift lighting no microphones
very professional setup so yeah well
done here I think I'm heading back to my
hotel now so it's a bit later now and
I'm back in my room
I just got ready to go to this charity
event tonight which actually I'm hoping
it's gonna be gets organized by my
friend Gareth who has been in a couple
of logs doing my hair he's a hair
stylist and he is organizing this event
for his friend who's got motor neuron
disease or ALS which is the same thing
which is they have different name ins
and yet he's organizing like a
fundraising event for that so I'm going
along with my friend I'm meeting her for
drinks in about 15 minutes I've got to
leave in a sec but I wanted to do an
outfit today if you guys are wondering
what is up with my eye I think I've
scratched my eyeball okay no joke
it's like the most irritating thing if
any of you guys have done it before it's
fairly common if you wear contacts and
if you wear them like long hours but
yeah it's really bothering me I don't
have a contact in this I either so I'm
gonna be like one-eyed tonight and it
makes my like spatial awareness a bit
funny it's like I'm like really weird
but I'm hoping it starts to feel better
because it's just literally it's driving
me crazy right now I'm not gonna lie but
I thought it would do a quick outfit of
the day for you all this is what I'm
wearing my hair I've kind of revamped
again I've kept the style from yesterday
because I loved it so much and I've
brushed it through pinned back the
frames like underneath and then put some
Sarah minute just to kind of make it a
little bit more sleek instead of frizzy
and I really like it I really really
love this look with the with the Platt
on the side I like it a lot and then my
red dress from ASOS which you guys may
have seen in my date night get ready
with me video or I think it's been in a
couple of long but yeah I really really
like this dress it's like really
comfortable to wear and I like the color
too and it has the drop hem at the back
which I really like and then on my feet
I have my Valentino rock studs which are
the matte black version and if I can
show you the heel like this they have
like the higher heel so those on and
then I'm also taking my clutch which is
from whistles plain black like crocodile
effect and then I also have these
bracelets on which are from Zara like
chunky kind of chain bracelets which go
with the shoes so altogether if I can go
a bit further back with my clutch that
is my outfit and I really like it I'm
loving red at the moment so yeah buddy
go now because I'm going to be late for
meeting my friend for drinks I also
totally just forgot that it is freezing
outside so I thrown all my little biker
shirt jacket thing which I don't know if
it really goes but it doesn't look too
bad and otherwise I would freeze I don't
think this is gonna do too much for my
warmth to be honest but I'm gonna try
just for sign copy of my birth 450
pounds as the best thing ever
I'm here with my friend Gareth a city
councilor tells the most amazing about
it before his friends because man has
got MND and we might wanna see race
clothes money and it was also very happy
so ohtsuka bites money tell i'm chillin
on it might be a really awkward angle
but i had such a good time it was
actually really fun husband i was about
going i'd like didn't know what it would
be like but um it was such a fun event
actually ended up bidding on an auction
piece to have my eyebrows my permanent
makeup done and when eyebrows here not
specifically here like in the auction
but to do permanent makeup on my
eyebrows so I'm quite nervous to like
set up but I'm quite nervous about that
but um I'm actually quite excited
because I literally fill in my brows
here every single day this like bald
here for some reason I don't know why
cuz I don't know like over plucks it or
anything but yeah so anyway that's what
happened tonight it was really fun I'm
currently like really hungry I haven't
had you dinner and it is 1109 so I'm in
central London we're gonna try and find
some food and see if meet my need any
room service that says hotel those room
service it's not like a super fancy
hotel so I don't know I'm gonna fight
the food okay so I've got flat shoes on
and I'm going to find food so I have a
totally bizarre food situation going on
right now I found the same fries and
with some fig some great some olives
some like crudité and some prawns is
that like the weirdest dinner in the
world probably but I'm gonna use it
anyway
I've made it back to my hotel room the
light feels like it's kind of freaky and
how my glasses are on my eyes are
feeling so much better and I have my
pajamas on I am now going to devour
everything that I bought from
Sainsbury's in this bag oh yes YUM I
also got this today which I'm super
excited about I don't know if any of you
guys follow Carrie Fletcher on YouTube
her channel is called way past my
bedtime and I've never actually met her
in real life but I've watched her for a
while and she was part of the same
network as me for a while anyway
she's reading a book and this is an
advance copy
so the tagline is obviously the title is
all I know now and it's wanderings and
reflections on growing up gracefully and
she's
me a little note on the back says differ
I hope you enjoy but yours hopefully you
carry and this is basically an advanced
copy of her books it's like unedited and
I'm really excited to read this because
out of everybody releasing a book on
YouTube I feel like Carrie I don't know
I think this really is gonna be a good
book and I'm super excited to read it so
yeah I'm really happy to have that I
might start reading that tonight I'm
going to eat your food now I'm so hungry
I'll see you guys tomorrow for fair vlog
day twelve the launch of my book is
tomorrow I cannot quite believe it
cray-cray and a lot of you have actually
tweeting me and instagramming pictures
of the book that have arrived early or
that people have picked up in water so
it's because wall stairs are quite
cheeky sometimes I think we get the book
in and they put it out like a couple of
days before release so I think there's
like a few that have been available
before it is launched so if you guys are
one of those people who've got them
early let me know in the comments below
I know from Twitter that some of you
have gotten early but it's been awesome
as well because all the bloggers have
gotten in the last couple of days so the
feedback so far has been so good and
it's so exciting and yeah I couldn't
believe tonight at the auction
I signed a copy of my booking it's over
a hundred and fifty pounds I was
actually like my friend Garrett who was
just sort of luck he was like yeah loads
of people will bid for it I was like no
one's gonna bid for it like it's so bad
you'll get like two pounds or something
150 pounds I was actually like blown
away so that was awesome because it's
all obviously for a good course okay I'm
gonna go now I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye I just knocked my glasses like this
is so uncool I'm like bye good morning
everybody today I am looking for Reiki I
don't know why I'm so red
it is vlog day Tana is currently 6:30
7:00 in the morning for drinking
