to our second day in LA okay with the
girls go go go
and we are on our way to the observatory
and we're going for a hike
so we've all got em gear on it's
actually pretty cold in LA today
disappoint so I've got the gym gear on
we are ready like what I at leisure
cycle Avenue athleisure we've arrived
time to pack out the tap-dancing move
the Griffith Observatory point and you
can see the Hollywood sign and pretty
epic views from up here guys
la is mathie where we hiking to where
I'm hiking guru we can hike wherever you
like well look at all these hikes Mount
Hollywood Trail or we could go that far
the Hollywood sign oh yeah it's very far
but you can go too if you like go
straight up here and sits where you can
really see it like really like good good
photo opportunity you cannot do it we
can't actually hike to the sign because
it's protected yes but you can hike me
let's do it
lead the way starting to feel the
effects of hiking already guys were like
five minutes in too many cocktails last
night I think I'm sure about this time
Oh rattling
we did a little bit of hike and quite a
little bit I mean actually like 10
minutes no I think I rented it was 1
mile here mama no way really not like
not any point is a mile it took like we
did it not very know we did a two mile
hike a mile hike pretty my old black
little stops every day okay give me a
sec guys yeah we should have run it
let's go back to my room and kill this
let me treat this is like the super
fluffy a soft disrobe ever Sun cream my
favorite because honestly my favorite
kills products I think is a clearly
corrective on dry dark circle corrector
with SPF 30 is amazing character spray
which I love and hi decline Keaney oh my
god so spoiled what I love it
so nice come out one of my fave place in
Santa Monica True Food Kitchen with the
girls you looking like local I know some
of you some shopping or maybe something
on Sephora so I'm going to film her raw
real time wall but it may be definitely
yeah I'm gonna film it for a real time
home video so you're not going to see it
yet we going to see on my main channel
so keep your eyes on it back got a
teriyaki bowl with trim it looks epic
the girls have gotten burgers what kind
of burgers are they this is key this is
a beef and then a fun week turkey Turkey
and the shrimp um
noodles which I normally get I went I
went a bit out there and got the
teriyaki ball but it looks good smashed
it in Sephora Helen spent the most to do
having Yogurtland break essential yeah
Mike I miss you at this point right now
a lot it's my favorite place in the
world
yeah I've seen a lot of peanut butter oh
happy day not happy day to Jamie I don't
have the dairy free oh my god Helen all
out
oh wow making bigger yogurt fan I'm all
of the yogurt in all the land
yeah yummy yummy yummy I'm a graphic
kyon party is very noisy very good
there's going to be a better performance
up there sorry I just came back into my
room and spent the last like three
minutes filming what I saw I was filming
and I actually hadn't pressed record yet
but I just got back from the party it
was actually really fun and the girl
singing Jesse Jones dark I think was
called was really really good I had a
really good time and we're having a bit
of an early night tonight because we
have to be up and out of the hotel at 7
a.m. tomorrow so I haven't quite packed
up yeah I flicked at most of the stuff
but this pile of clothes here is for my
outfit basically going to a shoot
location tomorrow to shoot before going
to the festival so you guys will see
that anyway in tomorrow's vlog but so
yeah that's what's happening in the
morning but I want to show you my outfit
from this evening before I go to bed
because I really really really love this
dress
and I think you guys will like it too I
hope you guys will like it anyway that's
what I was wearing this evening this
dress is from Tularosa at revolve and I
actually had to get it taken in because
they only had a large left because it's
a wrap dress you just do it up tighter
but I had to get the arms taken in
because it was a little bit too big on
the top section I got like the like this
bit pulled up so it's not too big but
anyway this is what it looks like it's
got a really beautiful like poppy print
on it and what i love i never wear maxi
dresses but i actually love them because
they feel so like swishy and girly yeah
so this is a dress I really like it's
got a slight little keyhole detail as
well which I really like I was wearing
it with my black leather jacket which if
I put it on my light you kind of see the
vibe I was going for like maxi but still
casual and I also
or this little bag which is from a brand
called su Bella it's like a cute little
orange bag which goes quite well with
the stress because the flowers on it are
kind of like an orange --red so yeah
that was my outfit fancy evening that's
it my makeup off when I currently look
like ghoulish this lighting is so harsh
take it off and start by using it and
legally bad boys which I got in Japan I
makeup remover wipes Vissel number which
is the Kiehl's midnight recovery
botanical cleansing oil to get
everything else off a knee odd copper
isolate me no copper immediate ISIL
serum even and finally I called very
retinoid tube set to do this
and beyond sleepy tonight guys hopefully
I'm really able to get a little bit more
sleep than I did last night which I
think was about three hours I'm feeling
is super a rules did and can put my
camera on charge and get ready for
tomorrow the first official day of
Coachella which I'm very excited about
and I hope if I guys all had an amazing
day and I'll see you too bye
