good morning everybody today I am
looking for a key I don't know why I'm
so read it is vlog day Tana is currently
6:30 7:00 in the morning for great
looking really slightly grumpy I'm going
to show you what the road looks like
right now
foggy actually doesn't look too foggy on
camera
maybe that's the trickiest it looks to
be the camera mic see what's coming
actually is a bit less walking here but
basically we're being filled up by the
fog I'll have back bridge so I'm
currently in the back of a cab on my way
to the first location which is in
Mayfair and I don't even know if I can
tell you what I'm doing today I'm
actually going to check once I get there
and see but it's basically a really
really exciting shoot with a couple of
other YouTube's actually Lily pebbles is
gonna be there
Allie Valentine who's one of my favorite
people as well and Victoria from in the
fro so I'm really excited to be shooting
with Oscar those girls because they're
all really nice currently just setting
up to edit in the back of the cab as
well and editing yesterday's vlog again
come on deception there is luggage
everywhere and
I'm excited
not particularly beautiful arrives at a
shoot and I album out a lot I'm gonna
tell you what I'm doing so basically
we're doing a shoot for a new website
for very exclusive and we're picking
outfits and styling them and having our
photos taken Oh Lily is here with her
cat jumper I think you should go there
are you gonna try it I didn't see you I
think it would seat you we're just
talking about like getting out of our
comfort zone and choosing something
because like so many cool clothes but I
think both of us play it safe quite a
lot with our outfits and this is a
perfect fusion I'm not sure about this
one I like these days these are nice
little bright colors but yeah just like
whose skirt and Vivienne Westwood it's
not the shorts I quite like three-floor
which is like one of my favorite brands
and like sunglasses all very exciting I
think we're gonna have her makeup done
in a minute because I need to sort this
out really don't I so a few you know I
just had my hair and makeup done and
Lily's been shot already looking for you
yeah
alli is being shot over there now and
her pictures are showing up on here as
they they look amazing she was like
Audrey Hepburn takes like really I like
my hair maybe this is hell no this is
totally
I'm really happy with her makeup because
body because it's quite light but yeah
this is cool setup then there's Ali
there you guys can see she looks amazing
and there's some quiet comedy thank is
going on so we have just wrapped the
shoot with so much fun I'm here with the
girls Lily who you've seen already but
you haven't seen Victoria she is also
here and alia saw you saw earlier we've
had such a good day it's been so fun I
was really scared about coming with
something really cool I'm heading off to
a gig tonight hopefully I think Mike is
coming out to London but I do not know
where he is I'm pretty sure there's
everything I want to drop my stuff in at
the hotel so hopefully I'll make it in
time okay so I have made it to Islington
where the gig is I'm going to see my
friend Charlie Simpson which I'm super
excited about but I forgot my camera and
my phone is that's ran out of battery so
it's kind of an all-round fail I'm
walking down a massive Street now and
I'm looking all the windows I could be
cellphone charges maybe the garage would
anyway so we're heading to Nando's me up
with Tom Lauren Jack Mike I'm down like
there's a big group of us so should be
fun feel like my foots gonna fall off so
it hurts so much you know that when the
arch of your foot it just gets like
really like tight I think these shoes
they're a bit flat but yeah nearly there
I'm only like an hour late feast
happening arrives literally just when
the food arrived oh yes we do I got a
wrap extra pot with avocado and halloumi
ratatouille there's a lot of chicken
three chips these chips
I want my might just I might still work
for you don't tell that
hey guys so I forgot to finish my vlog
last night I didn't forget I just ended
up coming back pretty late and was not
feeling great
no I wasn't drunk I just had like half a
drink even because I just felt I don't
know not very well so I came home I'm
super tired and I just went to bed so I
didn't finish the vlog but I have a
super busy day ahead of me today it's
actually like the 11th morning of now
I'm aside like couldn't stay last night
actually he he had to go back and take
down back but I had such a good time
going to none those my friends it seems
i li play he is like seriously amazing
life it was really really cool he's in a
cover of imaging heaps hide-and-seek
which was phenomenal like absolutely
amazing and yet he smashed it so sad
it's gonna be it for feb flogged a9o see
you guys
day 10 it's 11 tomorrow isn't it yeah
it's 11 today even oh god I'm so
confused yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow for a brand new vlog all right
don't forget subscribe if you haven't
already because that would make you
super awesome happy Monday guys it is
fed vlog day 9 and today I've just hit
Jim done and now I'm gonna make a juice
for breakfast and some eggs surprise
surprise when I have like every single
day I'm slightly raiding the fridge
today because we are
