happy Monday guys it is fed flog day
nine and today I've just hit Jim Dunn
and now I'm gonna make a juice for
breakfast and some eggs surprise
surprise when I have like every single
day I'm slightly raiding the fridge
today because we are running out of
stuff we are out of course yet which
upsets me greatly because I love
courgette emojis got some cucumber a
couple of little carrots some ginger
celery stalk of the broccoli from last
night which a lot of times gets thrown
away but it's actually quite good to
juice and a little apple in we go here
it is my really sexy orangey brown color
juice but it tastes really good today
Mike and I filming a special Valentine's
Day episode of our cooking channel with
Sainsbury's but they're not getting here
till about 11:00 because Mike's had to
go to work this morning and I am
currently filming for my boots
collection and I just have to say how
unglamorous behind the scenes of my
videos are I'm wearing like Mike's
massive tweed jackets
he works for walking the dog because
it's cold and I have my camera set up
here and I'm filming against this wall
and that is what's happening right now
and I just came out with no shoes on and
I have really caught feet and he's gonna
actually put a pair of boots on and then
film those which might be helpful
Mike is been in charge of cooking on his
own today and I'm going to show you a
bit behind the scenes action look at
these I have never seen anything quite
so amazing in my life you've done it all
by yourself
yeah this is great this video is gonna
be great I'm so hungry it's currently
about 22 full and how to hey lunch yet
so hungry it is 24 23 no it's 24 Peagler
is so bored she may steal a heart if
you're not careful what's inside them it
is a warm spring onions
kind of cheesy tastiness cheesy
yeah well it's like instead I'm gonna
cost we've got like a pretty prawn
ravioli it's gonna be good
once it's going up swear well on
Wednesday it's going up in pretty much
two days from now
yeah really good timing
so I'm about to leave for circus class
as I do every Monday night and as usual
I am late I have like 15 minutes
together that's not too late I'll be all
right you know what we used to come with
me I never used to be late you've always
on time
I'm always late I'm like I'm not oh this
new camera guys I'm really struggling
with where the speaker is and I keep
putting my hand over it so I'm sorry if
there's bad sound quality I'm gonna try
and like hold it like this and I can't
possibly do it I'm like ah but I'm gonna
do a gym outfit today can you please
hold L camera be careful where you put
your finger don't put the finger over
the hole don't be a duffer I've got on
my Nike hoodie yeah you don't do
straight actors you got to get there I
nearly nearly set this back because the
quality wasn't right when you like this
design it's pretty bright got my new
lemon t-shirt on new lemon bottoms and
my Nike trainers and I'm now going and
I'm not gonna forget water because I've
got water last week you get water big
you know my I would do my fair today but
basically because you've been filming
with flour I'm covered in flour you are
actually covered in flour
that was you did an amazing job cooking
that pasta it was amazed balls I'm
telling you I just got home from a
killer circuits class no joke we did
about a thousand squats and lunges and
my legs and bum hurt so bad but I got
back to some kind of amazing smell
there's rice in there which makes me hmm
worried
oh yes mints love it well so we got
going on oh are you making burritos got
beans
I didn't think it'd have beans Mike's
like me and I don't want beans but I
gotta throw some cheese cream cheese to
go there - naughty some lettuce it was
kind of an option throw it together
I was in the fridge good stuff MDF and
check you out
Mike's got some kind of crazy
construction going on Tomatoes really
good so I'm gonna make my now soft
cheese all right oh you forgot the rice
so I just came back into the kitchen to
discover Mike is doing this okay this is
just unacceptable and makes me
incredibly jealous Ice Cream Sandwich
you monkey I want one
wait I'm just watching the junk final
and Joey Essex just worried I can't
believe it I actually can't believe that
to be fair I actually quite like him
like watching this series he's really
stupid but he's really cute at the same
time I cannot believe you just wonder
what do you think of that
I thought tinder was gonna win maybe you
two lying on your back you Rascals
relaxing relaxing
I am currently upstairs in my bedroom
trying to pack for the next few days I'm
going away to London only for two nights
but it's like three full days and I have
things in the evening and in daytime so
I need like six outfits plus like
everything for staying over like pajamas
and all that jazz so this is my main bag
with all my clothes in it nearly
finished packing that got a couple of
things that are still in the wash and
then I'm also taking this bag which is
quite good because it kind of sits on
top of this one like it rests and then
can wheel it along and I'm taking my
shoes in there and my trainers because
I'm hopefully gonna get in the gym in
the mornings but we will see whether or
not that happens because normally when I
stay in a hotel I end up bailing because
I'm like really really late to bed or
whatever so that's what's happening now
it is about 11 o'clock and I've still
got some washing to do and finishing off
packing think it's gonna be quite a long
night so more packs I've got everything
on charge and I am ready to go tomorrow
I don't want to go
want to go and cuddle with you might and
quite frankly there is no space on the
sofa right now is there we've got a
little Piggly Wiggly in like a coffin
shape right there Mike doing his work
cat netsim squish notice of that treacle
I might have to just come and cuddle
with you my love I am absolutely
shattered I am definitely feeling that
extra squat workout today packed
everything up put everything on charge
ready to go super early tomorrow Mike's
actually got to take you to the train
station at 6:40 we have to leave
that's an unimpressed face right there
oh dear
so yes that is what's happening I'm
gonna call it a night for fehb dog day 9
I've had a nice day had some delicious
pasta made by my love heart-shaped
delicious pasta very important and yeah
the madness you're right we cook all
right Rico you dream in she's chasing
bunny rabbits in her sleep I'll see you
guys tomorrow for a brand new day it's
gonna be a busy one actually don't know
how much I'm allowed to vlog tomorrow
because it's a shoot and I think it's a
secret shoot but I'll try and do some
stealthy filming wearing allowed to film
yeah see you guys bright gnarly bye bye
good morning everybody it's 5 o'clock
day 8 I believe is me I'm losing track
it's Sunday morning as you can tell my
sunglasses or sunglasses my glasses on
and my voice is a little bit rough
