good morning everybody is five vlog day
eight I believe is me I'm losing track
it's Sunday morning as you can tell got
my sunglasses or sunglasses my glasses
on and my voice is a little bit rough
from last night because it was so loud
at that party I'm surprised we're still
able to talk Mike has put some crumbled
eggs this morning because he's won
didn't I just highlight that obviously
it's rare I don't M you rascal and
having a special moment that the eggs
meant to go in the mouth like yeah well
yeah deafening if you made me a cup tuna
didn't drink it just to make sure that
your tea making skills are okay you can
come and bring me a cup of tea up
through the bails over it oh yeah you
didn't garden today I'm moving I'm going
to make Mike really unhappy by putting
Marmite on my eggs especially destroying
it's because it's so slow it's gonna be
amazing
I'm trying some more of my new tea today
this is nirvana it says a heavenly blend
of Japanese Sencha with peony petals
berries figs and kiwi make this green
tea the perfect tea for inner reflection
I'm not sure about in a reflection but
this is what my tears looking like so
far I have to tell you guys I was like
oh it sounds quite nice like fruity teas
and sometimes of it map out this stuff
genuinely smells like some kind of
sweets look at it it's pretty like huge
pieces inside and it has focus is going
crazy there we go it has like crazy big
pieces of fruit in there so I'm hoping
it's tasty it smells great
professor filming my video which has
been a long time coming is
I filmed the other parts of my shoe
collection ages ago I'm having a major
shoe polishing session right now
yeah it's fun I haven't like I don't get
very often when I do I'll tend to do it
all together so what's the music on
chillin polishing shoes
I am currently snacking on some
blueberries because I got like halfway
through filming video I've just film
like three videos but halfway through
filming the third one and my battery ran
out so I plugged it and I'm now waiting
for a charge which is the worst thing
when you guys film videos you'll know
it's like the most frustrating thing
ever if you do that because I like ah
why don't I have two batteries I need to
order another battery for my camera
because it happens quite often pretty
average someday today really just the
new filming nails and all that boring
stuff and I don't know what else is
going on really today so we'll see where
this vlog takes us probably nowhere too
exciting but hopefully in the direction
of more food because he's proving it
really tasty it's time to feed these
naughty little puppies you're hungry
guys piglet
got so much actively uh-uh here he comes
I haven't seen you all day
no we had a nice day outside it's cold
you looking for various rose bushes they
have been rosing pushing on from roses
they're the height of this room to know
that they have you been rumbling in the
brushes Oh guys look at this delicious
looking food this is we used which sit
sit sit down sit down not like a meerkat
there you go tricky good girl pig that's
not for you and pee sit sit sit sit down
it's so bad a sitting sit pig oh dear
badly trained dogs so it's a bit later
now Mike and I are heading out to Mike's
parents place for dinner it's actually
we haven't seen your parents in ages how
we like the last time we saw them like a
month ago
maybe we haven't been over in ages
everything's been so busy anyway so
we're going over there for dinner
tonight
mike is gonna film a little outfit of
the evening tonight I cut my hair sighs
filming earlier today so I have curly
hair and like a full makeup and stuff
which I wouldn't normally have on a
Sunday look because I've been filming I
do and then my earrings are from j.crew
little pretty blue ones quite cute and
then I have on my and Other Stories
leopardy black and white scarf and love
and my Zara coat which I just got fixed
the fake fur on the hood and like come
off so I got that fixed and got it
dry-cleaned then it's like new again I
like this a lot it's kind of like pea
coat length but it's almost like a
duffle coat mix with a parker duffle
coat it is a duffle coat just for me
well it's not a dump it doesn't have
like the talks like a duffle with us but
it kind of like has the shape of it and
then I have one of my Zara shirt of the
zip down the front and the pockets which
also I love this it's so comfy I almost
have on some necklaces underneath my
scarf just in case anyone anyone see the
necklace this one is from Topshop ages
ago and then this one is from Primark
recently I think they go together quite
well because they're kind of like
similar but different you know I don't
mean hey and then my Zara jeans which I
have met many pairs off and my YSL
they're funny shoes which match my scarf
I don't normally do matching but I
thought it might look quite cute with
the whole black-and-white thing going on
shall we go that's a chop chop you look
really red still from being outside so
my kind of shower so he doesn't stink
anymore you'll be pleased to know and
you guys staying behind but you have
shoes every time we go out for an hour
or so we'd give them big ulis like
you're not taking off me no we give them
like a little rawhide chew because
they're good for that TVs so they don't
get smelly breath even though Pig you
still have the smelliest press in the
world I'm not gonna take it off you
piggy it's so funny
we're back home mike has made me a cup
of brioche tea because he's awesome and
he's just made some tea
pinkies in here you watching the BAFTAs
mm-hmm we have just had a delicious meal
at Mike's mom's house and basically we
had like a full-on meal and dessert
might get Herman eats two slices of
Nutella toast
how are you so skinny hollow legs pretty
much right I am going to sit down and if
I can sit and is there space for me on
here guys no I am currently going
through the process of adding new
banners and backgrounds to all of my
sites so I'm going to show you guys what
we are changing okay so I'm just going
to show you guys a bit of my redesign
this is my vlog channel page and there's
the new artwork up here although my
picture kind of covers up piglet I'm not
sure I need to try and look if see if I
can fix that but I really like it super
cute and when it's bigger actually has
the same as these purple spots there's
like green spots here and here and here
so that is my vlog Channel and then I
have my main channel this is the new
banner this is going to be tweaked
slightly so that this background here is
white instead of it looks a little gray
but that it all fits in with the artwork
for my book which I really love with the
watercolor and then on my blog this is
the new header on my blog again with the
watercolor which I really like and it's
yellow in the background here which is a
bit different for me because normally I
always have pink but I quite like yellow
too and then this is the new background
for my Twitter I'm also going to be
changing my profile pictures to similar
ones that we took on the same shoot of
this because there are some really nice
pictures and the photographer has given
me a commission to use them which is
cool and then this is the new end board
for my vlog as well again with the green
and purple spots which I really like and
I've added two options for the videos
which you guys have seen if you've been
watching these vlogs that they've been
up for a couple of videos already so
that's that and then last but not least
is my new end board for my main channel
videos which is this one which again has
two spots for videos and I think it's
really cute I like your lot so I'm super
happy with those I am pretty tight now
so I think
go to bed but I hope you guys have all
had a wonderful Sunday there is mega
snuggling going on on the sofa right now
there's these two here and then Mike is
there with the kitty cat and treacle as
play usual is over there on her own
being antisocial and yeah isn't that's
it for another week I guess crazy time
is flying past the next week is so so
busy I have literally the most manic
week planned ahead and it's been really
chilled this weekend so I most like the
calm before the storm but yeah I'll see
you guys tomorrow for a brand new vlog
bye bye MDF good bye guys welcome to fed
fog day 7 today I've just been in the
gym so I'm feeling and looking a little
bit hot and sweaty we actually did a bit
of a couples workout as sad as that
sounds
mike has been injured for the past
