hey guys welcome to febc dog day seven
today I've just been in the gym so I'm
feeling and looking a little bit hot and
sweaty we actually did a bit of a
couples workout as sad as that sounds
mike has been injured for the past
couple of months really so he hasn't
been able to work out so it's been
really really nice he was in the gym
with me this morning and you know when
you get up and you just feel like not
motivated and normally I haven't been
working out at the weekends when I
missed two days this week so I really
wanted to keep up my routine anyway
smash the gym and then today hopefully
we are doing something fun together
because the book launch is next week I'm
going to be away from home a lot of next
week I've just spotted a really cute
doggie happening over here if I can zoom
in because if I go close to them they
get all funny and overexcited look at
this little cuddle going on you guys are
the cutest dogs in the world yeah that
is what is happening today I'm currently
in the process of making some brioche
tea with the tea that David from
American tea room sent me oh my god the
smell of this stuff I was like addicted
to this maybe a year ago eighteen months
ago when I got it and to have it back
again the smell is just you are like a
little kid walking through the green
comes past like a rocket the pretty
sweet country view going right now when
it is frosty this is so beautiful at the
moment it's not frosty so since I feels
but piglets enjoying the view on you Pig
yes say Who I am ready now am I can I go
a little romantic outing we're going out
for lunch doing a little bit of shopping
I am wearing a zip-up black shirt from
Zara which has like slash pockets on the
front I really like this it's really
comfortable but it's like a silky
material so it's kind of like a little
bit more dressy than normal at the same
time and then I have on my necklace
which actually got and what's one of the
focus my fingers there which I actually
got when I was in LA from a little
market place a card with the name column
of the name of the designer and then
this one is from Kate Spade and says
stop and smell the roses can you take
closer so I can do my bottom half then I
have on my trusty Zara to use just the
black ones and then my shoes from the
coupons
there's the PSU my teen is from the pig
shop pigley and they are like a nice red
kind of faux animal effect print and
then I also have my bag I'm taking this
bag her because it also has a bit of red
on the inside as well if you guys can
see Mike would you hold the camera give
me so kind good so that was it and then
I'm watching my black coat well I didn't
real you are wearing like a matching
outfits like his-and-hers red and black
oiler cache miss cough a j.crew hoodie
this is from diesel leather jacket then
you have on 7 for mankind' jeans and
your shoes are from Todd's you look very
snazzy today let's go and get some food
I'm hungry
you haven't read well continues harvest
one very hungry we went for Italian
because where else
hey look it's really good and I got a
special black squid ink pasta with
prawns and pumpkin and cheese it looks
pretty amazing and we're sitting here
next yeah I think we might be really
good they'll be pleased to know Mike for
I have found you a Valentine's Day
present and it looks likely the bananas
how much would I have to pay you to
weather that it's really expensive as to
know something is it
and the queue
like it goes starts here and it goes all
the way in there it's ridiculous without
donors of with donors not cute for that
long for donor Oh
so we didn't get Krispy Kreme but you
know what there was someone up there
thinking about my waistline and the fact
that I'm not meant to be eating sugar
because if there was no cute I
definitely would have caved and eaten a
doughnut but we didn't end up getting
them because the key was probably like
half an hour long but we did meet some
awesome subscribers whilst we were
waiting so if any of you were watching
or some people came up and said hi to
Mike and I today because there's quite a
lot of you thank you because he made our
day and it was super super awesome to
meet you we are on our way home now I
did pick up a few bits and bobs when we
were out shopping - we're on the book
tour I think I've got like another
little outfit what I really like about
Selfridges is that they have the Primark
section and they always pick out the
best things like they always have the
best selection of Primark stuff and it's
still like ten quid and you feel like
you're shopping in Selfridges but you're
actually paying Primark prices it's
brilliant
yeah I got but still not very good
thanks I know it's the light so it's a
break like you don't have a small queue
for Chris McQueen so you can have Donuts
it's not fair okay I've covered that
already Mike tears I can't even read the
guys brake lights make you look but yeah
so we are now on our way home won the
Cup right it is it's really not that
bright my camera just needs to adjust
and yeah we're on our way home now and
we're gonna get ready to go out for my
sister-in-law
Becky's birthday party tonight she's 30
and she's having a drinks party in town
and we're gonna go out go out on the
town have a few drinks Mike's driving
her oh my god mike has just been into
the service station he's taking ages he
says he's gonna get me a cappuccino and
he was taking ages on earth he comes
back oh I'm just doing no sugar and now
I'm definitely gonna eat one cuz you got
the caramel
no I've got that one for you know that
once you'd answer me that was to me no
it's bad I have to say even though this
is sugary and not the best for me it's
probably the cutest thing I've ever seen
in a heart-shaped doughnut with a
ladybird face on it oh my god you are
going in my mouth right now
now I got really bad sugar guilts Mike
you are a bad influence but it was so
good I'm bad at giving up sugar I think
I'm gonna try giving up salt instead
next month
I think I'll do better with salt like
added salt as a doper any salt on my
food because that's definitely a bad
habit of mine are you happy too
emotional sugars too hard is too tasty
it might be bad for you but it's so
tasty
I'm currently sitting in the fitting
room about to do my makeup for tonight
because mike has got the jump reruns on
with the last two days
and we just watched like the two days
ago one and lady Victoria Holly got
kicked out which I'm quite happy about
because she was probably my least
favorite out of everybody she was always
a bit miserable really like she just
never seemed very like into it you know
so yeah we have another episode to watch
and I'm gonna put my makeup on and get
ready whilst we're watching that because
I just don't want to miss it and I want
to watch it with Mike because he's
really loving it too so yes this is the
before face and I will show you the
after having a little bit of dinner
before we leave but some salmon
asparagus potatoes and broccoli
piglet wants to eat them and she's not
allowed so this is the after on the make
up front I I'm gonna do a quick outfit
today before we leave if Mike will film
for me you're looking very snazzy mister
MV er yes mind taking over control today
everybody I'm Harry this is actually a
dress from ASOS which I thought were I
really like the cutout and everything
shoulders long sleeves this is cold then
I have one belt which is from j√§ger
and then my skirt is from March which is
old I've actually led up over the top of
this so kind of extra wore them we think
I might you to wipe it this pivot was
just so I know the cameras ran out of
battery to charge it your and whether
rubbish I have the I have
the skirt on how I can peplum and then I
have my leather clutch bags m/s straight
leopardy on my black rock star because
it's cold you brought some castor oil
that you definitely need yes yes corner
books are taking this little jacket
which it's not going off for too much
warmth but hopefully a little a little
something-something this is from the
coupons it's just I've got to do like
your shirt check it I think in a sec
stop dropping me in it online my pants
because alone is a fancy dress party
have my little saying so I put this on
oh I forgot about my earrings
Oh pop shot skip resuming oh good oh
good
it won't focus focus focus my earring
from Topshop and then I have on top you
have on your album with this is the
problem with them I haven't been
drinking guys just this wild and then
yeah you've got Harry I okay yeah like
that oh god fake eyelashes and then I
have on my mask like a are you
crazy pussycat like where's my mask in
there super manly come on now he's
basically just insulting me yeah
basically so we're back home with in
some rascal they're actually outside
doing away with Mike we had a really fun
night um I'm pretty tired now Mike I
made the purchase of dollars in a little
bit peckish consider we eighths are like
7 o'clock is that I can eat you in the
fridge
olives sure it's oh there's some cheese
definitely new be having a little pic
there's actually not much there was some
chocolate down the back but it's gone it
likes hitting it um so I can't eat it
but yeah that is if it's right guys I
hope you all had a really lovely day and
you'll have
good weekend and I'll see you again for
I think this visits eight well the
seventh I don't know which day is it
seriously February is flying by but I
will see you all tomorrow with another
Rock and hope you'll have ready by many
guys welcome to febrile I am in the
bathroom so it's super cool I've just
got back from a personal training
session feeling super happy and
energetic today I am actually going to
London today kind of last minute I
