give me money guys welcome to federal I
am in the bathroom so it's super cool
I've just got back from a personal
training session feeling super happy and
energetic today I am actually going to
London today kind of last minute I am
going down for a couple of meetings that
got organized set up about 9:30 last
night so I've kind of changed my plans
we switch the shower and want to sign up
your game basically I have every season
on Thursday I have about an hour to get
ready and to edit my girl from yesterday
so let's do this really quick out for
the day before I leave because otherwise
I'm gonna be late I have on a Topshop
hat which I always feel like slightly
more stylish when I wear a hat I don't
know why and then I have on this starry
scarf which is from the cupola and love
it look it's got little stars on it my
black Maj coat dirty mirror azar alike
oversized black jumper zara jeans g ox
boots and my anaheim arch duffel bag
yeah I'm gonna go now and I'll see you
guys probably so I downloaded some new
music last night and I have just been
listening to this which is a Christmas
talking dreams album and it is freaking
amazing I don't know if you guys have
heard some cool kids it kind of has a
little bit of like a Taylor Swift
esque hint from her new album like that
song does one of my friends was like oh
Tara's got a new song out it's not her
and it's like I say that one is awesome
I've only this is like four songs on the
way to the station but I maybe listen to
it all day it is so good love it just
enough time to get a banana and a
peppermint tea I have to say this is
quite a funny-looking banana it's so
straight never had such a straight
banana in my life stop quick punch
got chocolates party which takes amazing
a mixture I got like one of us yesterday
which aim navigator so the meeting today
went super well and now at the busiest
Euston station I think I've ever seen
it's really cold is also everybody's
inside I wanted to show you really
quickly the picture of the girls who are
looking after the PR of my book I don't
know if it's on the focus let me try
it's not gonna focus basically they have
t-shirts booked or t-shirts look at them
super exciting I can't wait just got
home to mr. gorgeous mister you better
hurry up the rugby John we go over to my
brother's for dinner tonight it's now 8
o'clock and the rodeo starts arrived to
start recording
I'm and do the flip this is like gonna
change my life guys seriously I am
excited it's got loads of like new
gadgets from the top like here I don't
even know what they do we're going to
learn how to use it but hopefully this
should mean shredder vlogging indeed you
know how to use it what meet the man who
says it's a little bit the top says
water yes so much easier you know I know
it's take away that's what I
mean you think it good I don't know
knowing al I doubt we'll be doing that
like very very very wait you think I was
cooking I didn't take away both I don't
know whereby I have this Chinese the
Chinese yeah yeah yeah look what else
would I guys remember ages ago I don't
know if you guys do it but I went to
this place called the American Tea Room
in LA with Al and Becky and I fought
some brioche tea so I put it in a video
and after that the guy that runs the
shop I thought it was a chain apparently
she's a one-off shop send me an email
saying can we send you some tea this is
like a year ago nearly over a year ago
isn't it I think it's over anyway
hopefully it was like last October yeah
um he emailed me the other day saying oh
can we send you some more tea I was like
the two never arrived
like I'm really sorry but I never got it
in sigh oh my god I'm gonna send you
loads of tea so he sent me loads of -
I've got so many flavors there's lemon
drop brioche which was my favorite one
that I mentioned before
brioche free which is caffeine free
version of brioche Kaanapali which
sounds good like ginger and green tea
Lady Grey sweet lullaby and Nirvana and
choco latte which I am looking forward
to trying you know who would be jealous
right now
my tea loving friend back through my
nose I've got so much love going on for
each other recently they are like
bestest buds
it is cuteness level five thousand I
can't deal with it
there we go it's the first thing with
are we in HD yeah we're gonna be looking
up all the time Audrina Patridge from
the hill it was like they couldn't see
you guys come on I were view peak where
the others buried treecko's hiding so
the takeaway has arrived
I'm so hungry what's time Ike 9 yeah and
I haven't eaten since half 12 so that's
like a long time without you take I am
hungry this is what we all got my one is
this one which is king prawn with black
bean and mushroom your tanks out thanks
very much I don't know what this is what
did you get my coffee try to be five
shillings I'll show you that I'm
stealing all of it it was just editing
yesterday's vlog in the car and I
realized that I didn't finish it I
thought I finished it I don't know what
was going but I must have been
super time when we go back we had a
taste Chinese today is obviously now
tomorrow so you're getting a sneaky peek
of today's vlog but we're going to say
goodbye and we'll see you guys tomorrow
so if some kind of flaw exception is
going on right now and I do not know
what it is also I'm not sure about the
sound on the new camera we're trying to
work how many issues I know a lot of you
will say in the comments like another
sound is not as good we're gonna try and
work out if we can't improve that and
see what the dealio was with know what
the dealio is with the new camera see
you guys tomorrow have an amazing
evening and don't forget subscribe if
you want to see a new video every single
day on this channel for the whole month
of February serve all day fine and I'm
back in the gym again and have Netflix
playing this is my little setup I put it
in front of the treadmill I'm watching
rhythm at the moment I know I need to
set up a better system than this but we
are kind of like you're doing everything
in here at the moment so that is what
I'm doing
