hi guys it's for all day five and I'm
back in the gym again I have Netflix
playing this is my little setup I put it
in front of the treadmill and watching
written at the moment I know I need to
set up a better system than this but we
are kind of like you're doing everything
in here at the moment so that is what
I'm doing running time I've got the
brightest leggings in the world on and
writers talk as well so you know it's
snowing again just a tiny bit can you
see my husband snows more I love the
snow I think it's my last night because
definitely more covering on the ground
today so I made it through the gym
feeling good and today I have a
journalist coming over from the Sun
newspaper to do an interview about my
book which is kind of exciting kind of
nerve-wracking they're reducing photos
as well I just got ready my hairs bit
messy like a planet in a quite work and
she's meant to be here like now so I was
like I'm just gonna take it out I'm not
gonna try again because if I got halfway
through doing it and then yeah today I'm
wearing my leopard shoes my rip Topshop
jeans a H&M baggy t-shirt and my isla
scarf which looks like this which I
really like and yeah I'm not struggling
to get change for the pictures
I think the journal is coming first and
the photographer's coming after so we're
gonna talk about kind of what we're
doing first and then I might get changed
but I'm not sure I'm gonna make some
eggs for breakfast hopefully I might
just have time oh my God look how many
eggs we have this excites me greatly
cute is over
I've got chains into my jazzy pink out
but everybody always wants me in pink
whenever they take photos it was okay
for some reason I read rain we spent
like almost two hours sitting talking
and like thing being interviewed
which is always a really awkward
conversation to have with anyone because
it's totally one-sided it's like so
asking you a question then you talk
about it
whereas I prefer a more sociable
conversation normally Mike is back
actually cooking together this is
causing a few arguments we only want
food we're cooking pasta for lunch and I
wanted brown pasta I wanted broccoli in
mine Mike wanted certain sauce but we
are having to like compromise and do
three different options Mike's having
this pasta and I'm having a whole week
after we're both having to it so I'm
gonna have some olives and broccoli and
mine as well Mike got away with his
tomorrow and mascarpone sauce which
actually looks good yeah I'm super
hungry because I didn't end up eating my
eggs because as soon as I took them out
of the fridge she rang the doorbell
that's like Taemin I'm so hungry and now
it is half past 1:00 I am ready to eat
the dog hey figured out how do you feel
about being eaten mm-hmm oh you'd like
it would you yeah can I chew on your ear
no big everybody loved you paid today
new friends squidgy was sitting next to
me so I should I hit herself and the
cushions on the sofa next to me yeah
because you're so beautiful that we're
back in the car on our way to pick up
Mike's car from yesterday this time
exciting I like this right now more
exciting recently because this whole
world is about to change tomorrow why
because this what are we getting a new
camera basically
I think I've dropped like having a thank
you jobs I have my hammer one too many
times on in church
Christmas Eve I like smashed up my
camera and it does still work but
basically you have to like switch on and
off about five or six times before it
starts recording so it's different it's
my fault
I need to look after the bathroom but do
you need like a big cozy case for it so
I do I'm sober this is the problem
though when you're vlogging you use your
camera like all the time so it's like in
and out apparently so I don't keep in a
case because I just have it like to grab
hold on I got an iPhone star likes 1d
case people yeah I need to investigate
this because this new camera is not
going to get broken because it is the
snap it has it has like a flip up screen
now you can see yourself when you're
filming I'm very excited about there but
yes anyway what else is happening today
the world which I haven't melted before
yeah but the wind chill squalid shower
Wally showers I am editing whilst I am
sitting in the car I've just finished
editing yesterday's longest thought my
desktop looks like of like things that
I've edited and done
i pre-filmed what a lot of
videos for the next couple of weeks
because we are going on tour
ya-ya-ya-ya-ya third full slab guide
signing book tour so nervous no one's
going to show up show up like a hunger
books on oh yeah you better buy a
hundred just when you thought your day
couldn't get more exciting MDF what has
arrived but a new space so what do I
married Mike I didn't realize I was
signing up basically to marry my dad
don't coupon funny you guys I believe
want to go for a wal K
really I didn't think you would want to
go for a walk oh no it's possibly the
cutest thing I've ever seen
treacle is cleaning piglet I can't deal
with the cuteness right now is so lazy
she's like yeah clean me treacle leave
me so we have come out on an exciting
trip
mike is here but we have also bought to
Nando's virgins my mom and dad have
never had done those before and they are
currently enjoying the hummus I swear
the spicy stuff the spicy oil drizzle
drizzle there is something in this and
that makes it oh so good yeah so I'll
show you off when it comes to I'm gonna
stop now this otherwise we could eat say
well I'm not leave anything so food has
arrived and I did get slaughtered before
I ate a little bit but I got a chicken
wrap this is the first time I've ever
had this and I just had a bite and it's
so good I got it with avocado extra hot
obviously I like my spice and I got some
ratatouille and then me environment
sharing some peas and mumbles I got some
beans and some chicken that love chicken
and we you
our chicken they're just gonna steal
I've just been reading through some of
the comments from yesterday's vlog and
they have been cracking me up I'm gonna
read some of these to Mike and see what
his reaction to the movie and I seduce
ya you have not even remotely said
you're gonna do no no it's um
they are quite funny top comment I have
to admit I have a wee crush on Mike what
a sweetheart and so easy on the eyes too
come on girls
I'm certainly not the only one write
five replies so far you are very much
correct you should see some of the
awfully raunchy things other girls post
you're most definitely not the only one
with all due respect for Fleur I find
him almost perfect
I seriously pray I marry someone just
like him and seems like the perfect
gentleman
oh no I clicked on something oh I ruined
it come back home base is shaking off
why I can see your I can see your head
getting bigger as we're going along here
I seriously pray I marry someone like
him he just seems like the perfect
gentleman and he is very handsome
she obviously shouldn't go Specsavers
mrs. MDF is a lucky lady
I think he's lucky don't you besides his
work he does house chores and prepares
meals for her meals for her where do you
find a man like this I know I want a
husband like Mike somebody's such a
gentleman
what else have we got going on can I
just point something else in between are
you doing this that beaver is deciding
which book to read yours or the Venus
right now what are you doing here you
reading - Venus book BV or are you
reading mine have you not decided you
sitting on my one copy of my book I gave
the second copy to my dad you are
sitting on my book you might be cute but
you can't get away with this you must be
punished
okay back to the ax so how are you
feeling about this this I am not
particularly ah it's very nice it's got
to stop guys cuz his head will get so
big he won't be able to fit through the
door someone asked if we ever clean the
house because we never seem to be
cleaning we're not gonna vlog cleaning I
hope you like it was whatever and all I
can say is that in an old rug our old
house once I think we did it was a venue
cleaning that's for sure well sweet I
love it when Mike ends the vlogs for you
already Mike's for sale I need one body
might be resale I'd sell him who's the
highest bidder
still waiting for Mike to a vlog Channel
that's not gonna happen
and Mike's outro was just to highlight I
think love Mike ending the vlog
basically they everybody just loves you
Mike what we gonna do about this very
tight get a divorce can't deal with it
too much love have another here
you go
Mike and the cat's well give you just
too much love going on right now did he
get she didn't actually look super cute
when she was looking at the camera
vinegar well but I'm just go into my PJs
and my glasses my eyes have been getting
so like Oh tired and sore recently and
I've just gone and got my book from
upstairs I just started reading the
wrong knickers by Briony Gordon Brian is
actually a journalist and I am doing a
collaboration with her next week she has
a YouTube channel all about being a mum
and she's written this book about kind
of her life and it's a bit like Bridget
Jones esque I think and I'm literally
like two pages in but I'm reading this
alone and it is quite funny even like
the first couple of pages are really
hilarious and I haven't really read a
book in a while I've been like buzzing
around doing stuff so I'm gonna sit down
for a bit and read some of my book which
would be quite delightful
like just announced they found something
her scarf and I had to come over like
what I'll let you just it was about to
take my clothes off and I literally just
untied my car like this and I was
something in my hand I was like oh and
it was my hot you saving that for later
obviously felt like
Abuk yes piggy yes do you want to come
to Nando's next time yes no fine I'll
leave I was having a nice cuddle with my
puppies on the sofa and he woke me up
and it's bedtime see you tomorrow
oh what a grumpy little dick good
morning everybody welcome spread block
day for today I'm aware of the fact that
I look slightly crazy Mike's just
dragged me out of bed and is taking me
on a walk with the dogs because after
