good morning everybody welcome to frog
day for today I'm aware of the fact that
I look slightly crazy Mike's just
dragged me out of bed and is taking me
on a walk with the dogs because after
three days or four nights actually of
not much sleep at all I slept like a log
last night it was brilliant all right
until actually Mike what happened in the
middle of the night so six o'clock this
morning I got a phone call from Germany
from somewhere I vote in a certain
stealthy Valentine's package Mike who
the hell is cool you at six o'clock in
the morning I was so unimpressed it's
like the first night in a few days I'd
actually slept solidly I was like what's
going on but we are walking the dogs
there's still snow on the ground here
where a piglet and our there's Pig life
ahead
I don't know where we're eating a poop
but yeah so today I've got loads of
admin stuff to do and I've actually got
to get back into the gym which I have
had four days off the gym skiing kind of
counts because it's a big workout but I
meant to go Monday and Tuesday but I
didn't get time on Monday when I got
back I said she like back to back and
then Tuesday I got like two hours sleep
and I was just so tired so I'm gonna do
instead of doing weekdays this week I'm
gonna include Saturday Sunday so that
I'm still sticking to my routine and I
feel rubbish for not working out I feel
like so lethargic where I'd got into the
routine of like being super energetic
when I woke up and like ready to get in
the gym this morning I was like oh so
I'm gonna force myself to do it this
morning taking the darky dogs for a
little walk and then we'll see where we
get to I missed you you know like a lot
I really missed you this time here she
comes
super pig she's so speedy not compared
to the others but considering how small
she is and back on the morning juice
wagon it is so good to be home Jim
session absolutely smashed smashed it
squidge did you smash it no you did it
because you're aged she's looking at
this thinking that it's a ball as my
bobble hat is not a ball as a bobble hat
it's mine squidge yeah chica monkey
trying to steal my jump pack I am in
normal clothes now but I'm having a
minimal make-up day because I've got a
photo shoot tomorrow and I just wanted
to give my skin a break and my hair a
break
max I've got like a messy top knot and a
loving this car on bullets Michael back
from work you are you back the afternoon
today sobrang me on the way back and was
like let's go and he's like oh yeah and
by the way on the way to go in for lunch
we have to drop my car off to get
serviced so really weren't asking me for
lunch were you you were using me to drop
your car off to get serviced
does your car need servicing more than
other cars because I swear we are always
taking your car to business because I do
a lot of miles
oh is it per miles smiling so is more
like 10,000 miles you do 10,000 miles a
lot yeah which drives a lot in booty
time
this one here you have gone like full
all-out turn around since I first like
you might use me
used to keep sushi now he likes makes me
scoffs I sure don't want to go to like a
month's website at what sushi and we
have sushi which is not some tuna and I
think I'm gonna order
oh yeah hand roll action this is my
favorite thing in the world spicy tuna
hand roll I may have just broken my no
sugar rule whoopsie this stuff is like I
am a bad egg I was feeling so you know
when you get to that like 3 o'clock
slump and you know like oh I'm so tired
with editing I was like oh I'm tired I'm
tired I'm gonna get back on it tomorrow
with my no sugar you can okay so far I'm
not having as much sugar what you and
your Nautilus dick what is going on here
guy look at you three beauties old Ricky
hey bear I think they're having bought
you windy well known as a big fat cuddle
and watching last night's jump yeah when
tights what are we missing it not a snow
course it was scary I actually like
after seeing this I actually quite want
to do all of this stuff is that weird
I'd be 11 foot mother yeah oh you guys
this is my dinner tonight which Mike
very kindly just cooked me whole-wheat
pasta with sea bass and is it pesto
sauce set personal bit butter carrots
and asparagus it looks amazing
Mike's got chips or is there a placement
all right little wedges and look at
Mike's beer cock-a-hoop
who you are dude what are you two up to
down there are you buddies are you
buddies sweet thank you you good girl
Pig you nice to the Pussycat are you
nice to the Pussycat oh I love you guys
oh okay
look at that tummy it's so cute
what's going on in a little duffer down
there one little duffer there and
another one
what are you doing snoozy pots sleeping
I think
sleepy Werber you guys leave me three
cause very sleepy and kitty cat is also
very cuddly hmm yes I'm guessing this is
the end for vlog vlog logging love love
my lovers I'm not sure what it's called
but who was you all soon bye guys
welcome expert Lord's Day it's a third
of February I am in my hotel room I just
spent the morning tidying up and I'm
about to get some breakfast this is what
I'm wearing
