hey guys welcome back spent lord's day
it's a third of February I am in my
hotel room I just spent the morning
tidying up and I'm about to make up some
breakfast this is what I'm wearing today
I feel like a schoolgirl and I really
love it I've got some fish tail I don't
even know what they call these like
milkmaid braids something like that I
like them i have on my asil shirt with
the double fold collar my bauble bar
star net because I got from Mike for
Christmas then I have on this little
dress which actually has like you need
to like pull it down a bit so you can
see but it has like the cutout in the
middle so you can see the shirt like
like it's the two-piece but it's
actually a dress this is from pour enjoy
sister from ASOS and then I have on
black tights because it's freezing
that's like rubbish down there and then
I'm gonna wear these shoes there on the
bed stood on my bed ha ha and I'm not
gonna wear them this morning those I'm
just gonna go get some food my flat
boots on go and locate some food I'm
leaving
yesterday's vlog to upload whilst I do
if I'm not sure I want for breakfast I
might get eggs again those little pots
from Brett the 2 egg pots and the
spinach are so good like so weird but so
good - made a quick stop by Superdrug to
get her grits because we definitely do
not have enough and I have a feeling
these clouds might pull out of my hair
so I'm stocking up on extras about 50
patents in my hair so just got back
pinned my hair up so it feels extra
secure I've got my breakfast here I've
got a nice cup of chai tea not try to
laissez it's just try tea with milk in
it so it's a bit lighter and what I like
about crepes coffee and tea is that they
put the little stopper in with the star
on small things in life I'm such a geek
with stars and then I have the super it
salad which I had last night as well
this is my favorite because it doesn't
contain any rubbish fruits you get fruit
salad and then there's loads of apple
and melon in it and I just I only like
watermelon ready
so always that I mean I eat them but
it's always a bit of a disgrace orange
Kiwi pomegranate and blueberry all good
greats in it - and then I also got again
my two eggs - boiled eggs of spinach and
then I get a little bit of shock
let's filter Meredith and pop them on
the eggs and it is tasty about three
meetings today so my scheduled and go
this looks like probably the tastiest
thing in the world is ham hock calamari
reeled overseen some kind of incredible
if you cheese there olives ham and a
salad and we also have salads coming so
we did the whole baguette boat we're
going alone pastels is big enough it
really was I think like anybody
this is the superfood salad has quinoa
butternut squash broccoli spinach no
your beetroots loads of good stuff loads
of superfoods so I'm currently in was at
Hearst
HQ yeah sounds very serious and Soho
with the girls from a company mag and we
are going to be talking about the book
for a video so yeah it's not it really
is a setup since I've never seen a
camera like this before but it looks
very technical in the sense though it's
really small and it has eight massive
lens it is like disproportionately large
got some pro lights going on the white
background I like the light spotlight it
looks very pro yeah love it alright
let's let's chat about the book made a
little stock Matt Joe and juice and gore
apples celery cucumber
ginger good green juice and now we have
another meeting we just had a really fun
time shooting with really really fun so
I can't wait we like to see that video
yeah
the Johnson Johnson journalism awards
the seasoning which will be exciting and
it's really cold so I am in the car with
Michael love of my life my most
handsomest of husbands because I have so
many it's not just me in the car
there are poopies in the back as well
can you see him don't thing you can
puppies you can't see squidge his head I
think so I actually decided to bail on
the awards show tonight because my
friend Amy couldn't come and then we
also found out that remember my family
is not very well and it's all just kind
of drama so going over to mums for
dinner tonight
like rally round show for my book showed
Mike my book for the first time what do
you think it's all right you know pretty
average what we did didn't actually take
very long we did it pretty sharpish you
know I think you know I'm such an expert
writer you know when I write my book
really
well you write a book about cutting the
memoirs oh really
the memoirs of being married to me oh
that would be depressing
we are heading over to my mom and some
chef is point out and it's gonna be the
first time I've shown them at the book
as well so and my flock that is
like I I think there are people I'm most
excited to show like obviously because
you've seen a lot like the whole process
of writing in I spoke to Mike a lot
about it but like my parents I don't
know it's you know I really hope they
like it
so yeah off we go I cannot wait to
struggle pig
the only problem is that they're all in
the back and boot there another station
we couldn't open the the boot to get pig
out and total Pig so not very fair it's
not refer but the other two are big and
you can't like have one you laugh it's a
massive so yeah they're in the back and
I want to shinola them so quickly I did
struggle switch like through that she
stuck her head she's stuck gonna head
through the little side of the dock girl
and I gave her again I cut up but yeah I
have missed the poopies and yes we are
on the way to get food at 7 o'clock and
I'm green also a lot to say about switch
off then I found out today I think not
armed wasn't confirmed yet I think I
might be coming to Beauty corn in Dallas
yes I'm so excited I went to beautiful
in New York last year village epic that
was so much fun I got to meet so many of
you and I had an awesome time it's just
really cool look girly and amazing so I
will keep you updated on whether that is
and resent happening but the moment it's
looking like 95% confirmed that I will
be going to be cheap on drama so you
live in Dallas or if you're going
through $4 then that is gonna be cool I
wanna meet you and
get pictures and hugs and just have a
great time and I'm alright I'm just got
two mum's got something to show you
you're excited oh my god
what do you think What's it feel nice
smell nice lovely I love you puts this
smell
Wow can I point something out - up with
him at squeege that was death what you
doing that's definitely worth the effort
I just got home and I'm feeling very
very happy about I have a B but I wanted
to show you guys the dog's reaction to
the iceweasel aka Marmot a nice loser as
a personal joke by the way I hope none
of you think I actually think this is
called nice weasel it's not it's kind of
like a private like not private joke
joke enjoy we had a few years ago it's
going Jay did you dine out take pigs
piggies I heard what was that it was a
whistling weasel there he is with this
other ice weaseling friends that's where
they all live up there there's actually
one missing cuz we've got a hold of one
like permanently and we're quite naughty
way that she chewed his hat off and I
think it ended up getting frozen outside
somewhere and he's not on the shelf with
the others but there they are
little ice weasel family and hopefully
one day we're all we're gonna have like
a whole shelf of them and I think it'll
be really funny yeah are we going to be
good the can't quite deal with how tasty
this looks and I
today not many but using any of it but
it looks so good
literally Mike's face when he saw it was
like holy-moly that's gonna be it for
vlog I told you a call of logged over
it's definitely not October for Feb
Prague day three see you guys tomorrow
Mike's taking my sickness upset I was
away for four night but a whole night
all my skiing stuff in whatever you and
presents for out is it's Piper's it was
a bit too many presents and right and
welcome to febc blog day to today I'm
leaving Austria I've just got ready I
packed my bags there they are all packed
up and it snowed so much overnight look
at the little square
