good morning guys and welcome to that
blog day - today I'm leaving Austria
I've just got ready I packed my bags
there they are all packed up and it
snowed so much overnight look at the
little square outside my window loads of
snow and it's still snowing now so I
think the trips the airport is gonna
produce snowy I'm hoping our plane is
gonna be okay to be honest it's not that
much snow for Australia if there was
that much snow in England there'd be
like no planes taking off I'm gonna get
breakfast now and yes I am hungry and
wear my glasses tunics my eyes that
really saw my glasses have like been a
bit out of shape so if I like me you
know that they kind of fall off so I
have to kind of walk around with my head
up low this slightly ridiculous so I'm
just about to leave quick outfit the
day's pretty much the same as the other
day though glasses like I said before my
scarf is from last LCL it's a amazing
cashman one I got last year and one it's
so much it's so soft
and usually I double it around just like
twice but this time I just left lettuce
and I really like it my Prada bag I have
on my AllSaints hoodie which I got in
the sales is our jeans different pair I
have two bears because I wear them so
much GOP boots black coat and my
suitcase I'm in the airport right now
and hours away it's not too bad
snowing like all the night and if you
guys can see out there but the window it
is snow central this is what the runway
looks like right now
not too snowy I think they've been snow
plowing it but our plane is yet to
arrive this massive bag it's my
brother's birthday today and they have
this like limited edition spiced
Jagermeister in the cheek reception so I
got him some of that it's really heavy
and I'm just lightly pressing it out on
the move an hour late I'm going printed
copy of my book Sven I am so excited I
just wanna get there now I have to wait
cool
pushing for baggage is the worst part of
traveling I've just got into my second
hotel room of the last couple of days
this is what it looks like not hugely
exciting but I am about to go and pick
up the book first-ever book I'm so so so
excited I'm eating an apple I haven't
actually had any lunch here and it's
about ten past three and I am so hungry
I'm gonna eat this on my way to go and
pick up my book and I'm taking you guys
with me I don't know why I'm still
looking at the Apple this is an exciting
moment guys and I am happy I get to
share it with you just picked up a
little pot of eggs and spinach from prep
because that Apple was not enough oh my
god I actually can't believe this I just
went and picked it up oh my goodness
look at the rose gold stars it's so
pretty
and I've got two copies there are
currently four copies in existence and
I've got two of them I am so excited by
this I can't even tell you guys like
it's a very weird surreal feeling that
something I've written
is printed on a book and then it looks
so awesome this is the back give you
guys a little preview there's what's in
there there's a little picture of me and
Mike my hand a little piglet and then
you guys have seen the cover but
obviously it's got the foil rose gold
foil and the Stars and then the pictures
and it's really special as well because
this little mug here that I'm holding is
actually a gift from my mom the shoes
they're like 21st birthday shoes I just
can't believe it and I really love the
spine as well because it's got so many
stars on it this is an awesome awesome
moment I got to go to a meeting now so I
can't really sit and enjoy it but I
can't actually think this is happening
you guys have made this happen and you
are awesome thank you you're amazing and
I love you just got back to my hotel
room I just been it a meeting off taking
out my book and I'm sitting on the bed
looking at the book and I'm gonna show
you guys a little like flick through if
you guys can see them I'm just so so
excited to see it in person is awesome
I've been on the phone to let my mom and
my dad my sister like texting them like
look I've got a picture it's bigger than
I thought like it's big you know so
excited look how cool it is
yeah so I am sitting here now that was
familiar I've got my dinner ready I'm
gonna get my books away from them so
anything like grease stains on them I've
got a Swedish I know how deep you know
chicken wrap and a water and I also got
a fruit pot for dessert and I got a
pomegranate and Chia pick me up these
are new to prep I've never had them
before I'll let you know Hargett on I'm
going to eat these now and I'll have
about an hour until I have to leave for
a media event tonight I am previewing
the book to members of press for the
first time so journalists and talk to
them about it and showing them the book
and just wow wow wow I'm quite nervous
about it actually sure it's gonna be
fine but I'll show you guys my outfit
before I leave but
better get you thing cuz otherwise I
will not have time because I just
thought this out because I am looking a
little bit bedraggled from traveling all
day but this is an exciting day I can
tell you that okay so I'm ready I've
done my big plat in my hair which is in
about five minutes and I don't think it
looks quite as good as normal kind of
worrying but it's okay and then I have
on my top which is from ASOS I have on
my Sandra belt and azar skirt which is
actually really all I don't want it in
ages and then it tights cause it's like
- - I didn't intend to wear tights but
it's so cold outside and then some plain
pumps from M&S and my plain black
whistles clutch gotta go I am late I am
back in my hotel room looking kind of
gray took my hair out got my PJs on and
I am now uploading to videos what
yesterday's vlog that hasn't gone up yet
and today's beauty video because I have
literally not really sat down since I've
been in London except for in a cab going
to the party tonight went really well I
was actually pretty nervous but it was
really not anything to worry about at
all but I've got to do that tonight and
I also have to write I want to show you
guys these these are little postcards
that we've got printed for me to write
notes on which have a hashtag on the
back like that but basically we're
sending out copies of my book to lots of
journalists and bloggers and stuff so
they can read it and see if you know
they might want to post about it or
write about it and see what they think
so I'm writing the ones that I know
personally like my friends and stuff
little notes to go with the book and
send you off to them here's the book
again I'm just good I've literally just
sat here I got back and I've got loads
of stuff to do and I just sat here and
like flick through it and like reread
parts and it's just really surreal that
it's actually physically printed right
I'm gonna actually do some stuff now and
over that in like an hour or so he looks
so hungry right now I had to eat my
dinner at office five and now I'm
sitting in my hotel room and I know I
shouldn't because I'm trying to give up
sugar or refined you cannot oh shit I
have something to eat fruit and good
sugar trying to give up bad sugar for
February so sided
obviously January if you guys like have
been following me throughout
I gave up coffee and alcohol so those
are back I had coffee today and I felt
pretty cray though like it really hit me
hard and then I also couldn't have lunch
until like 3:30 and I have this coffee
at like 11 o'clock
and I felt awful by 3:30 like just I was
so hyper and like jittery and I felt a
bit sick so I definitely think my coffee
has started like having a massive effect
on me after having a month off anyway I
still like it like I really like the
taste indefinitely picks me up I just
think I need to have food with it as
well anyway so coffees back and alcohols
back so I was like what can I give up in
February I really want to try and really
challenge myself and give up something
new every month this year because I
quite enjoy a challenge of January so I
went for sugar but problem is I've done
it so far today but I bought this thing
for Mike from cheesy free along with the
Jagermeister I got my brother I got Mike
this bar of Milcah which is toffee whole
nut
look how tasty that looks some kind of
like creamy stuff in it I cannot tell
you how much I want to eat this right
now really really bad and I also bought
this today I went into Liberty's for a
meeting after I picked up my book and I
got this which is actually a gift for
probably most expensive bar of chocolate
over I was 395 but she's worth it this
is from my friend Becky who most of you
guys know and it's called teatime frolic
she's like obsessed with tea and it's
her birthday next week Becky if you're
watching this I'm sorry you know what
worried about the present says but it's
Earl Grey tea and lemon milk chocolate I
just thought she'd like it because I had
pretty girly packaging too so there's
two majorly tasty pieces of chocolate in
my room right now Jagermeister is not so
tempting chocolate I'm having to resist
it like crazy I managed to get both my
videos up I'm gonna edit this one now
and then get writing my postcards I know
what the time is right now it is 11:30
so hopefully I'll be done by like half
twelve maybe one o'clock and then I'm
hoping to get in the gym tomorrow I'm
gonna call it day and I'll see you
tomorrow I've got more exciting things
going on in London tomorrow actually I'm
not going home until quite late or a
night I cannot wait to see the dogs
Mike obviously but just a couple dogs
because I've really missed them the last
couple of days um so yeah that is it for
February - I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye that was like a weird wave was like
bye
