hey guys and welcome to third flog 2015
I'm so excited to be vlogging again
thank you all as well at the beginning
for all of your amazing comments over
vlogmas and since long we're saying how
much you miss vlogging and how much you
hope that I was gonna do vlogging in
February so I am gonna be vlogging every
single day of February today I'm in a
bit of a different setting I am in
Austria right now I am in Innsbruck this
is my hotel room as you can see I kind
of made a bit of a mess of it already
but I am here on a very special trip to
watch the TV show the jump being filmed
if you guys don't know what the jump is
if you're not based in the UK it's
basically load of celebrities challenged
to compete in winter sports is hardcore
they do some hardcore sports in the
first show is tonight today's Sunday and
I'm going to a live show tonight today
I'm going to be skiing I'm so excited
because Mike and I usually go skiing and
we haven't been this year so I'm really
excited to go skiing
got my ski gear on and I thought we
would do a quick hotel room tour before
we leave first thing I want to show you
at the window because it is beautiful I
am in Innsbruck right now you can see
some mountains and we're about 40
minutes from the ski resort I think that
we are getting ready to get in our coach
and go to ski resort this is I'm a god
I'm stuck in a curtain okay this is my
hotel room which is again very messy ski
stuff ready to go so excited some cheeky
duty-free purchases i repurchase the
Shiseido waterproof foundation I love
this stuff and I'm excited to use it
again because my old one was like six
years old loves white it's time I threw
this away I'm gonna try it again get a
fresh one and I also got this perfume
from lava which I'm obsessed with this
bottle the capital is anyway those are
my cheeky duty-free purchases this is
the rest of my room my messy bag I've
got my jump hat they gave us these when
we arrived how cool is that I'm so
excited and I also bought this for Mike
as a present it's a yodeling iceweasel
to Ashley and momma every year when Mike
and I go skiing we always get one of
these from a different ski resort
wherever we're going so this is a gift
from Michael I picked up yesterday when
we arrived Hamburg my ski jacket ready
go and then yeah there's the bed and
everything there is a diet coke on the
side of the bed
I was drinking this last night and like
yesterday afternoon not this morning I
promise
and then the Wardrobe which just got my
coat in there and hello this is the
bathroom which I have made a big mess in
outfit today in my ski gear have my
fishtail pony what they called pigtails
fishtail pigtails isn't a fish or is it
a pig I don't know and I have on the
scarf three layers because apparently is
going to be minus 11 today
yeah but purple going on and have my ski
trousers and that is it I'm skiing yes
let's go guys we've arrived in skis and
we're ready to go we're going opposite
mountain stop for a little bit of lunch
just a little bit I'm al ghul Ashley
which is my favorite thing in the whole
world and the last one of the day guys
skiing with my camera slightly dodgy no
GoPro we get to these are the guys have
to get with it
yeah
so just finished skiing and it's just
solid snowing actually so it's pretty
good timing I had the best day I want to
go skiing I'm gonna get home and try and
convince Mike to go skiing because I've
got the bug again after last year snow
is coming down just go back to the hotel
and then the best part about this hotel
they leave Provera brush hairs on your
bed and because I'm not sharing a room
with anybody I've got to oh yeah the
perfect post skiing treat we have about
an hour to get ready for dinner and then
we are eating and going to watch the
filming of the live show I'm going to
eat these have a good shower and I think
I'm gonna go and have a quick look
around like the center of town because
they have like there's like a shopping
center like next door and like the
center of town is less I'm gonna go and
have a look and see what what I've come
for a little walk in the center of town
and it's just what it looks like this is
Innsbruck and the mountains up in
background look so pretty these are the
buildings all shots are shot cuz it's
actually I don't know why the focus is
going crazy it's Sunday afternoon so
literally nothing open I'm just coming
to have a kind of look everything and I
have to say it's probably the only pink
Church I've ever seen how cool it's so
pretty here look at these arches and
they've all got little shops in them and
then you come out here and then
we're old Street I love Austria
this is my dinner tonight guys I have
traditional Austrian hunter game stew
with spinach
I don't looks like mushy peas but it's
actually something kind of like naki
like Pastore and a little pastry full of
full of cranberry sauce
but it looks really good I'm so hungry
so we've just arrived at the jump and
you can see down here are all the girls
because it's the boys competing tonight
so if you look down there there's all
the female contestants and there are the
three jumps up there there's a massive
one it is so tall and the big screen
there and this bar which I don't think
we're allowed in but it looks so cool
with all the trees in the background
Oh
don't replace the pier in another double
elimination it's over so cool I have
some mulled wine now and I'm going to
drink it my hands are so cold
it's care anyway I just got back from
the jump it was so much fun it was
honestly one of the coolest things I've
done it was snowing quite a lot as well
so my fat is like drunk so have my jump
hat I wanted to take it off now I have
oh yeah I have like headbands and the
head band on underneath and I don't know
if I should I remember if I film it
earlier but I have so many loads on I
can barely even move head my jacket
have a massive hoodie underneath I have
another like a second thermal I have a
pretty neck jumper then I have another
thermal I've got long johns on then I've
got jeans a libet's on I have so many
clothes on I didn't get cold so it's
actually quite warm I am gonna call it a
night for Feb flog day one it's crazy
actually calling it fair vlog because
whenever I do vlogmas
I always just call it October and when I
used to do weltover I used to call at
the previous month lives totally get
confused so if I call it blog post a few
times this month please you could give
me but that's it for fehb log day one I
hope you guys enjoyed it it's been
really really fun and if you guys are
watching the jump let me know in comment
section below who you want to win I am
quite rooting for Mike Tindall I think
he looks really nice and funny Louie
Spence is hilarious as well absolutely
hilarious and for the girls I don't know
I'm not sure with the girls I feel like
maybe Stacey Solomon I actually got to
speak to her last night we went to a
drinks party our she's realized the
window is opening here as well and that
otherwise I'm really cold in the night
but we went to drinks party last night I
know how you shut this this is extreme
this is a window how do you shut the
window oh no oh no that's to open it
that way there we go I've done it and
you know who actually drinks party last
night with all the contestants and I
actually spoke to Stacey she was really
nice so I feel like either Stacey or
Mike Tindall
I am rooting for ya I'll see you guys
tomorrow with a brand new vlog I'm in
London all day tomorrow
obviously flying back first thing and
then I have some exciting book stuff
which I'm quite scared about but I will
see you tomorrow for more not good bye
