hey guys and welcome to another
beautiful Monday morning it is the
beginning of another week
Mike and I are doing our little walk
it's actually looking a very beautiful
day blue today blue skies and dog
walking there goes squid and piglets
trying to keep up she's got no chance
meant to be super cold tonight or was
last night it was good someone told me
was gonna be - it's definitely not mine
it was - turn up in Scotland whose
mother - 12 but around here is like -
well yeah not that cold so I've just
come into town to see you to meet my
sister for lunch and I've just been
doing boring stuff for morning sickness
like admin I've gotta go to the bank as
well boring but I do have spikes jumper
he turned up yesterday having dressed
himself wearing full-on camo our house
and he forgot his jumper we are
currently in Wagga homers and he wanted
me on the bus and we have some coconut
seafood broth it's which is not focusing
there we go this is my favorite he
always looks good - was it chicken
mine's better
haha Hananiah Justin's are
everyone always loves that Luka is
really like me here we found this
t-shirt yes the middle Fleur
oh I've stopped seeing at my mum's or
where I am to have a cup of tea Earl
Grey tea in the B mug my favorite mug
Mama's here you see Arthur I'm filming
on my phone as I left tears Arthur I
left my camera in the car
see ya that is what is happening
catching up on stuff
anything to add mum so it's a bit later
now and I literally just got ready to go
to circuits class and here's my little
outfit today black trainers hoodies pink
top and whilst I'm vlogging on the phone
I am on speakerphone with Lizzy and I'm
gonna take her in the car on
speakerphone because I think I have
about ten minutes until my class starts
and it is about 20 minutes drive so I'm
gonna be a little bit late it does
usually start a little bit late anyway
but right I will see you guys in a bit
just got back from circus it was epic
and I get home yeah I missed you at
Cirque it's my little workout bird no
work uh personal walnut naughty knees
and not only are you back which makes
you very happy but he's also the best
husband ever
he is ironing at the moment come into
the kitchen
piles of ironing already done come into
the kitchen and what's he done he's only
gone and cooked dinner huh done done the
washy someone's machine back together
and maybe I put the Doozer back together
yes he did piglets very impressed on you
P Oh is he the best isn't he the best
oh yeah he's the best I also forgot to
mention that before I went off the
circuits I did a blog post announcing my
book tour if you guys haven't seen the
info yet I will put it in the in front
what piglet are you excited to she saw
me going crazy she's like I'm so excited
the super exciting news
is that you are coming piglet piglets
gonna be coming to the Milton Keynes
date take that is a ridiculous way to
say it you are ridiculous
anyway before I got distracted by that
stupid dog
hello baby hello are you gonna tell
everyone say I'm doing a book signing at
Milton Keynes on Valentine's Day at 1
p.m. and if you want to come first mooch
with piggy come along we're also doing
one in Sheffield on the 16th Manchester
on 17 lake sides in Essex on the 18th
and then the Saturday after that which
is the 21st we are also 21st Thursday
Friday yeah 21st we are doing blue water
Mike's gonna be coming to all of them I
think as my security guard piglets only
coming to one cuz the others are a bit
far away and she's not very good in a
car no she's not
I'm so excited literally this is the
most exciting part about bringing out a
book
apart from holding in my hand but I
haven't done that yet because it only
went to print today but everyone has
been super nice and super exciting and
piglets just started and it smells oh
don't come on me how she stink who would
want to meet you piglet no one you're
gonna scare it what up with your
stinkiness big stupid abscess how are
you boss and I won't show you guys
before the Mars run something what men
like when the box is full I just put
them in when I start running the moon up
this is one time
happy Tuesday puppies they are gone and
my feet are freezing
I've got no shoes on Tuesday morning
juices we've got apple tomato carrot
beet root and courgette I've never
actually juiced a tomato before but I
love tomato juice so let's see how this
works out okay so this is what we ended
up with I just tried it and actually
tastes pretty good
you can definitely taste the tomato but
I do like it I'm not sure if I do it
every day but it is a-okay with me I am
just on my way out to get my eyebrows
done I'm a hair done because I've got
some stuff going on tomorrow which you
guys have seen as well I thought it
would do a quick outfit of the day I've
got on my red pea coats I've got a very
dirty mirror here which I need to clean
and I have all my Sandro scarf a H&M
t-shirt my black bazaar jeans and my YSL
pumps and I better go because I think
I'm gonna be late I need to leave in
like five seconds and then I'll be on
time
buh-bye little weasels oh I just got my
brows done and what do you guys think
they're feeling a bit sore actually
whenever I come out we've done it's like
red but I think they've calmed down a
little bit I am about 10 minutes early
to get my hair done so I stopped and got
some food and I think I'm going to have
my lunch in the car cuz I have 10
minutes it's about a half plus two and
I'm starving
I actually just ate I just ate these on
the way back these are beetroot
vinaigrette crisps
tasty I like dried beetroot with
balsamic good stuff then I also got
prawn layered salad which has gone kaput
in the bag but it'll still taste good
and some grapes because yeah I'm
obsessed with grapes alone hard and they
always have that like crunchy pop enos
to them so good I'm gonna eat this now
so I'm starving I just got home this is
what my hair looks like actually quite
mike is a little bit darker trying to
get back to a bit more of a and
low maintenance colors might work work
work
guess what's happening outside then you
know darling I'm gonna show you guys
come on it's snowing come on they're
like one it's not exciting I think if I
turn the lights on
it's so cold you'll be able to see oh
you can't see you can see a little bit
the snow on the ground maybe it stopped
for my drive home it was snowing so I'm
hoping that's more oh come on Pig its
breathing out there I'm hoping tomorrow
on my drive to the train station I will
be like super snowy not for the drive
because obviously that's not cool but
I'm hoping there's a little bit of snow
because we haven't had snow for ages
like proper snow I'm excited with my
mama and papa bear tonight they are
coming over imminently I believe and
we're going for snacks
do you like my hair very HD might you
might browse the day you get your
browser though it's really dark to saw
that we've died left in them and I also
don't really have much other makeup on
today so it's all about the brow look at
that snow is properly snowing well a
little bit snowing whoa
so we're in superb Mike yeah Mike
ordered chicken pretty good it's
definitely one of the most boring things
on the menu but it's all I got a steak
ribeye steak and veggies and more
veggies I was meant to get so I cut the
chips out and I'm still waiting on my
swords have mines here
she got 10 finishing a good steak
which looks really good young Mike just
had the best ice cream and what was it
toffee sponge treacle sponge which I did
not wish she did not share any of it
with me so I stole doesn't say did share
she just took stolen but he wouldn't
share he doesn't like to it was so good
I really want one of my own
boo hey guys and happy Wednesday is so
today I am in London for meetings I'm
going to their national TV awards night
which is exciting so it's about 5:00 to
9:00 now and I'm home so I first meeting
at 9:00 and then we will see you at the
daily meetings me I finished my first
couple of meetings of the day and I'm
now on my way to lunch with my friend
read my bags getting pretty heavy now
actually had bloody two bags of me
because it's night I've got quite a lot
of social pack and I'm about half an
hour early so I wanted to pop in to
whistles and have a look for plain black
clutch bag first night because they sell
just like plain black pouches
and I think that would go with my outfit
because I'm wearing my superior web so
like really detailed shoes I want a
really plain back so I can find one I'm
sorry
we are at the head and streets kitchen
and it's pretty cool in there actually
there's people eating like the soldier
this way to me in this cute little
another people very nice I am Kathy
Copperfield lovely Chris I found her and
she has many peaches and shower gels
which I'll come they don't have it till
March so we don't want to talk too much
about them but we are having a nice time
looking out peaches and smelling ciao
Joe and I will see ya very important and
Rhys just looking really awkward in the
background boobs
obvious got to my hotel room for the
evening and I thought it would show you
because it's pretty amazing actually I'm
staying at the shangri-la in the shard
which I've never stayed up it's actually
a real shame it's not a clear a day this
music is really annoying coming from the
TV no it's not enough okay but yeah I
have my friend Gareth coming to do my
hair in a minute I thought we'd do a
quick room tour to show you guys because
this is like super fancy hotel I'm
really excited about staying here I'm
really sad Mike it's not here with me
actually because it would have been so
nice here is the bed and there's a
little teddy Fox in the corner look at
this hello and then this is the rest of
the room the entryway I think the
wardrobes in here I just hung my coat up
I need to steam the sleeves of my coats
so crease and then this is the bathroom
which is really nice there's a TV and
the mirror and a clock that is pretty
cool and the weirdest toilet in the
world it has a heated seat and in fact
she was like showing me this where's the
room it has like a electric be day so
you can squirt water on yourself from
various positions or you can have it
oscillating or power deodorizer what do
you think that is
very interesting I did just go to the
loo on there and the heated seat was a
little creepy I'm not sure about the
high-tech toilet but yeah this is super
exciting I I'm gonna unpack my stuff
that I am ready and I just put my hair
done by my friend Gareth it looks so
cool this is honestly like my favorite
hat
ever I think and then I'm wearing a
bully bar necklace I'm actually going
that as a mirror because it's slightly
awkward in there I've got on my ball bar
necklace my dress is by Millie
Mackintosh and I really like it because
it has the little poofy bit of the back
and then I have a whistles gold clutch
and my gold and black Cynthia Webster
shoes which I'm slightly obsessed with
this outfit I do realize it's fairly
similar to I wore a new year but I'm
liking it the black and gold is good
we're a little bit late so I'm gonna go
now bit nervous yeah we'll see what
happens
just go back to my room I'm in my PJs
hey PJ it's from Christmas four stars on
I'm just going to take my hair out and I
really don't want to take it out it
looks so cool it's got like a big class
I can't see the back which makes it
really weird for me I'm going to try to
look it Casey I'm like this is Soviet
don't you it's like super kind of a
crazy angle gazook but super cool so I'm
gonna say goodbye to my amazing hair I
have about five hours to sleep so I'm
gonna go to that I'm back I was lying I
just took my hair out and then I
realized didn't bring hair should be
tomorrow I have to photo shoots the
first one they're not shooting me coz I
have to turn up like looking face be
presentable and I look like this now
I've now got to sleep on this and then
wash it I'm hoping to go to those boots
near this hotel that is open really
early in the morning otherwise I am
stuffed
good morning London you look very blue
today I am off to a photo shoot which
I'm really nervous about is with House
of Fraser for a project that I'm doing
with them that it's rankin shop around
kids so I'm a bit scared but it should
be good we will see what happens today
and then I'm going to another photo
shoot for Red Nose Day and TK Maxx which
I'm really excited about because a lot
of Fresno's day and I love TJ Maxx and I
think we're gonna be taking a picture of
me in the t-shirt one of the TK Maxx red
no se t-shirts so that is exciting it's
pretty early right now it's about 7:20
and I'm gonna jump in my cab and off doh
so nice to wake up to a very very
beautiful view of London I did not sleep
very well last night
at all I don't know what was wrong with
me I like got like three hours sleep and
I feel like rubbish but yeah off we go
so he came back read no say to you right
now look at my amazing hair I'm so
excited I've got my red nose a tee shot
and I've just been taking pictures here
and as this shoot is really really cool
which has to take long going really well
it's a bit scary but it's good and I've
got my I got my favourite shoes on as
well love them again they hurt the last
night not codes 89 so I am home with my
peak peak peak I'm so happy to be home
Mike's here doing some work work he just
came to pick me up from the station I
didn't actually tell you when I was
vlogging at the shoot because it was
slightly inappropriate it was probably
one of the most surreal moments of my
life I was sharing a dressing room with
Nicole Scherzinger who obviously you all
know who she is and she was really
really nice she's like beautiful in
person she came in with like sunglasses
on like super you know when song walks
into room and just like you are super
famous and like you just have the air of
a famous person anyway machines are
being so nice and we took some funny
stuff weeks I'm gonna insert them here
because this video I'm not allowed to
talk about it when this goes oh I don't
think I'd love you to know I'm not
allowed to talk about it when I'm
filming this now but by the time this
goes up I will be able to because we're
essentially Pig we were essentially
suits shooting suiting oh god it's been
one of those days I'm quite tired we
were shooting some pictures for TK Maxx
because every year they'd bring out
t-shirts for Red Nose Day I'm sure you
guys want to see him if you'll based in
UK and it's really amazing and they
asked me to go and be on shoot and take
photos of me wearing one and t-shirts
along with like Nicole Scherzinger and
loads of other famous people it was
really really really cool and I wish
Mike had been there and the shoot this
morning went well I wasn't really I
couldn't film there because that was all
top secret it's coming out in April but
there will be like more info on an April
but that was quite scary because it was
at Rankin's
studio but he like actually seemed I
didn't speak to him
we're not those mics off a double burger
hey patty
Lucia ma here as usual I got the
best-looking salad in the world yes
it's Friday morning I've already been to
the gym this morning hence they look a
bit rough and I've come for dog walk my
thang mom and dad are here because it's
dad's birthday happy birthday old show
you because he looks like a little kid
these guys hands in there in the glass
pot in the arm sleeves sleeves sleeves
Oh holes and he looks about five we got
the dogs and it's a super beautiful day
look how frosty and nice it is blue
skies oh good happy Friday
I've also got a secret T in my pocket
she drove much today I've had a shoot
for the Telegraph and Starbucks which
I'm doing kind of an exciting project
project a project with which will be out
I think it's out in March so you guys
hopefully will see that but I've had a
phone interview today and then we had a
photo shoot so they came over in the
background these guys have been outside
all day with Mike and they got so muddy
we just gave them all a bath and they
are now soaking but look how clean you
look look how clean you look my dad's
white dog you don't smell no more no you
don't pig let go so fluffy when you
clean her she's a beautiful office
little thing in a world yes you are
and she call this in the bed in the
corner tricky tricky
what you doing down there snooze in news
nice and clean too aren't you twinkle we
are pigs like me and attention
we are heading off to the pub because
it's my dad's birthday were going for
drinks with my mom and dad and their
friends and then we're going for dinner
at my mum's that's what's happening on
Friday night Wow
let's do this today is Saturday I may
actually put I just back down because
it's so bright
and I have just been to B&Q to buy some
curtain poles and new curtains for the
room that we furniture and I would just
never use a dining room so because we
have a table in the kitchen and we use
that so anyway it is a gym and we're
putting new curtains in it because the
curtains at the moment are horrendous
and I just managed to fit the longest
curtain pole in to the point where it
has like this much space it was a close
call but I did there's a seriously
successful mission I got the curtain
poles sorting I wanted to show you
something like awesome Pig oh my way
home I stopped to homestead and bought
her a little travel bag and she loves
chilling in it it's actually quite small
no she would fit and it is pretty small
she's like lying on the side of it um
but she seems to love it it's cool
because you can pop her in there
normally she'll be like the right way
around obviously and then her head and
neck can stick out the end and then you
can zip it up so she's like a compact
little sausage got her where I got all
of the dogs crazy at the moment a new
toy look how dirty you are dog and it's
a little sausage dog toy it's now
covered in slobber thank you for that
switch squid she loves it and there's
got ears that go I know you sitting
there that are you gay oh good girl
we love you tricky hey guys so today is
a messy hair Sunday apparently um I
didn't realize that until I started
filming
this light is bright in the car I
haven't really thought today because
I've just been chilling I went out for a
coffee with my family again because
everybody's around cuz it's my dad's
birthday Mike's been gardening all day
again mister snoring with Warface and
now we are off to Matt Lisa's house for
a takeaway which we have just collected
there it is and we are gonna watch Top
Gear apparently we've got four minutes
four minutes to go we are about five
minutes away so it better go quick we
just got some hot and Lucy's in their
house sitting for so long with a giant
dog it's the biggest dog I've ever seen
in my life what kind of dog is this Matt
a Newfoundland it is like a horse it's
not it's not showing up as big because
yeah like do that yeah there you go
see that's mini dog his eyes I forgot to
finish my vlog last night but basically
we had awesome supper and I had such a
good time with Ted the biggest dog in
the world that is it for my weekly vlog
it is now Monday again and yeah don't
forget to subscribe if you want to come
back and check out Febvre which is gonna
be vlogging every day in February which
is only a few days away now in fact I
think this video might even go up just
before so I hope you guys enjoy this
video and I'll see you guys soon for
daily vlogging again
