good morning everyone and welcome to the
very last day of vlogmas its blog post
824 today my brother Alex here with his
little bear and we are going Christmas
shopping every year we have a
last-minute shopping trip because al
does not plan ahead and rings me up the
day before Christmas Eve and says oh
sure I'm ready to buy presents for Becky
so we're going super early now it's like
10:00 to 9:00 we're actually bit late we
meant to leave 8:30
I've been faffing around editing
yesterday's vlog Mike series PJs loving
life loving having the day off work
right we're going to go coffee is needed
on the way and discussion about budget
how many presents and where we want to
go is also needed to save faffing around
Christmas Eve shoulders it's like a
mission shopping mission so our first
tip mystique a back to the unsuccessful
so we're gonna have to pull up pick up
the pace a little bit as getting the
seriously seriously busy and it's only
about telegraphy money but we did get
Starbucks and they can spell my name
right now that the girl was on x-factor
called fur people know how to spell my
name and she gave me a smiley face it's
all good so we've accomplished the
shopping mission we're going through I
think we did really well last time you
know
well 12 something like that couple of
hours sorted3 presents for presents
which are all really good and now we are
off home to do Christmasy stuff and it's
just starting to get really really busy
as well so we're back home now and I'm
gonna open the last day of my Advent
Calendar it's behind the camels head at
Christmas people all over the world
celebrate the birth of Jesus the Son of
God and know what I want to do with the
chocolate I'm gonna give it to Arthur
because I think he would quite like it
we're stuck
there's some serious wrapping going on
right now
we got Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer on
the wrapping paper I'm looking you are a
pretty good wrapper our look at this for
a boy he's professional looks good
offers on the table so I just busted my
taking some sticks through to the fire
and I had to show you his outfit because
it is so hilarious you know Mike is in
his big tweed coat with his pajama
bottoms on bringing wood in from outside
this is Christmas Eve outfit of the day
yeah buddy
meanwhile Mike's also right noisy noise
this is the glaze the ham is in the oven
it's nearly dawn is it is it which one's
in
the Christmas ham the Christmas dog
Jack's also back can't leave us alone
guys a pest
nice jumper this looks you know the One
Direction photo shoot where they're all
holding puppies you look like you should
be on that go down well with the girls
I'm not sure one direction with my story
one direction with puppies see all we
need now is for you to be holding picket
see there you go look at that it's just
like a One Direction photo shoot PD
little PDF Oh PDF is so cute moment a
tree here's the ham don't die that looks
amazing
it's a bit bigger than last year isn't
anyone oh wow it's massive what you do
now like removing the skin removing the
skin this is a bit it's quite it's quite
round isn't that it's quite tricky to
maybe slice it but doing imparts the
skin not the whole thing
and they've got some goose so this much
stuff that I've got left over after you
come in see yes pretty good they've got
the stock and if it's too salty you
can't do this but because this isn't too
salty we can and you need some ham as
well from the leftover later all the
peas are you putting all the peas in
there yeah you got me that in the
boulder mouth at home you don't think
how much is in there frozen peas in the
go laughs it's gone home we are wrapping
his Christmas present Arthur has the
biggest Christmas present help everybody
Jack's helping because it's so big I'm
so excited to give this to him it's a
ride on car and he's like obsessed with
cars so I think it's gonna go down well
it's electric too and we can actually
drive it so exciting this looks like
some kind of military operation going
down here
yeah it's a skill work well whilst
they're doing them in which operation my
ham is complete so I have my nice
tasting ham I've just put a little bit
more juices on the top and that will now
chill overnight and be tasty for
tomorrow and I have my soup which is few
soup which will then have some permanent
extra tasty that is the biggest present
ever
I think spike might be a little bit
jealous oh so Jax now gone and my
brother's gone Oh actually he went
awesome I felt anyway but me and Mike
here Mike is writing a last-minute list
of things to buy he's going to
supermarket to pick up a few bits and
bobs and I'm headed over to my mom's got
I packed up the cards it is ridiculous I
have a lot of presents for my family
like it's a bit silly to be honest but
this is Lulu's outfit for church and
wellies say peekaboo are you wearing
that's church Lily let's go sing some
carols I'm currently in the car with mum
and dad and I don't know what Mike's
doing that's really engine mike is them
taking ages here he comes
pudding spike into the car come on we're
going to be late we need to go sing some
carols spike is requested for me to tell
you it's gone dark okay spike spike has
requested that you sing like a donkey
not that I smell like a donkey no you
smell like a bit of both
yes every year in church we play donkey
or anyone no word on key it's when you
shout donkey as loud as you possibly can
we play it with spike a man finds it
really embarrassing and it's funny how
we're gonna do it
my husband has never looked more
attractive yeah nice jumper Mike nice
jumper I'm glad you're feeling in the
festive spirit we're dressing up for
father Christmas whose news this for
sprite is it what have you got there
what else are we giving him something
what's that show us what's going in
there Jagermeister Jagermeister for
father Christmas is that his favorite
yeah
funny that yeah you go over there
alright drink that is this for me
oh thanks thanks for then oh I thought
you did one for him already
I Luther's giving him a cake as well
he's gonna get bit chubby father
Christmas so it's Mike and my job to do
the bells and pretend Lily the kids can
hear Santa out the window upstairs but
we lost the Bell from last year and from
were kids so Mike's got this app that's
jingle bells
New Age New Age stuff
apparently there's bells outside Santa
here I can't hear anything
I can hear bells they get bells I can
definitely hear bells that's coming from
I think it's coming from over there
last night
I am in the car with Mike and we are on
our way to our friend lyses annual
Christmas family drinks party a bit late
to the normal because we stayed and had
dinner with my cousins and my uncle and
Aunty and stuff which is really nice and
now we always go over to Lucy's house
and drop off their presents and have
couple of drinks so we are on our way
and hopefully because it's 10 past 8:00
as tell us 9 now I don't know whether
everyone will be asleep when we get back
we should be really sad so we're gonna
try and stay for a couple of drinks but
try and leave before like quarter past
10:00 because otherwise I think everyone
will be a side finger thing we're just
thinking about doing
oh it's rubbish come watch Christmas
movie when we get back there
all right if we're timing we got our
onesies oh yeah so when we said we
wanted to leave by 10 past 10:00 we
actually left out em past midnight and
everybody would definitely be asleep but
we had a brilliant time oh my God look
at those light that's so cool yeah we're
on our way home now and drop off or
something I think Santa has been to drop
off everyone else in the houses dockings
except us for an unknown reason apart
from the fact that we do each other's
pockets so we're just going to our
moments and everyone's asleep and I just
wanted to point out there are six dogs
in the house tonight
look at everyone else's sleeping
quarters and then look at that lip
she has packed the biggest pet well
you're a diva diva dog Merry Christmas
one and all onesies on and we're gonna
get Marie I wanted to say it quick or
not so quick thank you so much to
everybody Mike Sarah for being so
wonderful and supporting us this month
because your comments have meant so much
and I was actually just talking to my
friend Lizzie and she had watched a
couple of the rodham noticed how nice
everybody's comments were say thank you
so much to all of you for watching and
commenting and tweeting me and just
generally being freaking amazing I hope
you all have an amazing Christmas and I
will be back vlogging a bit more than I
was this year next year so I hope you
guys have enjoyed this month and Merry
Christmas we will see you very soon in
the new year
love you guys a lot like this much see
you next year jingles get ready for the
jingle for the last time for 2014 are
you ready hey ready here it comes
