good morning everyone and welcome to
vlogmas day 23 so today I put a spanner
in the works sit here and tell you the
story I woke up at about 7:15 and I was
like editing my vlogmas i found this is
like the only thing I've got to do today
what am I gonna do
23rd of December right for Christmas no
plans will wrap to my presence I'm way
too organized
so text my friend James and was like
what are you doing like when I gonna see
you over Christmas he texted back being
like I'm in London like blah blah thanks
he coming to London I was like yeah I'm
not doing anything today so Mike and I
are going down to London for literally
like three or four hours for going down
to go to the food market on the south
bank so I think it should be fun I could
festive activity I will get to see James
so I haven't seen at ages it is time for
breakfast now I think we actually think
about much food though I did buy some
yogurt yesterday I might just have
yoghurt the festive ham is brewing I
think we're gonna cook this tonight or
tomorrow morning but yeah might go for
yogurt boring day 23
the Shepherd's made the journey to
Bethlehem to visit the baby Jesus
there's only one day left
mike is so grumpy today he's literally
like Ebenezer Scrooge he's getting
grumpy we play Christmas songs when it's
two days
you miserable kids this is what happens
when you come on the train with someone
who is fine happy some sort of chocolate
bar and his Golf Magazine your 5 / 95 at
the same time and you're grumpy he's
been so grumpy all morning I got two
magazines and I'm a cheeky monkey and a
coffee and I have Christmas presents for
James and his girlfriend
we've arrived at the food market on
South Bank James here looking a very
children festive we don't actually look
in festive you need some kind of festive
versus Costas scarf yeah we are
currently doing around at the whole
market to decide what is the tastiest
thing available and then we're gonna eat
it the whole hog roast over there looks
good we've already sampled some cheese I
think I've got to say that your acrylic
dragon looks really good yeah
duck confit but this looks really really
really good cut these chips
sauerkraut's to is looking pretty
tempting as well looking at sure it so
for my brother
Christmas he loves it so mdf going for
whole grace I'm going for the duck
burger and James has gone off up there
for a sausage because he loves it has
some mighty fine sausage you've got
there you smug gets so it might have
taken about five hours and the boys have
already finished and are now eating my
chance I think you guys are gonna be
envious of this blue cheese duck confit
burger with caramelized onions truffle
honey mustard okay hands off so we're
just walking down the river on the south
bank and we're headed to because one
food market is not enough we have to do
two we've had a main course at the first
one and then we're going for drinks and
or dessert at Borough Market so yeah
that's what's happening you can see some
pools over there and people running
fighting stuff such a miserable gray day
is not left me feeling very fast in this
weather the Sun is coming out Lord snow
or frost or something Christmasy look
who I've spotted it's Mike himself ever
knees are screwed there you are my I see
you I see you just walking past the
Globe Theater right if you've been in
there I've actually okay yeah I've been
to my phonetical I've been to
it's a nice female is it good yeah it's
good I've never been that people stand
up though and there's a big stews our
way to meet anger to stand up three
hours how much is the seated bits not
much 20 quid oh yeah I would pay 10
quick to sit down 3 hours for sure
that's so cool is one of the coolest
things I've seen we've made it too far
just as it starts raining brilliant
let's get inside quickly those giant
muffins and mince pies
police were Chili's the superhot ones
all the cheese
we're going to find donut donut mission
for some more Tigers well how many are
they out of doing us no there's no zone
donut place it's sold out we're not
impressed Perry the best donuts James
ever had stirred this is how average is
not cider but should we have some apple
and cinnamon juice oh yeah we did sorry
James I interrupt you in my vlogging
quit shop down here Applebee's Monmouth
from the corner store yeah shops in
London
oh really always passive outside but
then there's a good shop Neal's Yard
around the corner do they do
all cheer choose something crazy is
going on at the cheese place everyone is
getting their christmas cheeses on half
say this is probably the biggest cuba
cheese I've ever seen in my life
one one day I'm gonna buy my brother a
whole egg it's a small sandwich does
that enough sandwich for you might could
you eat the whole thing if you do we're
looking at fresh pasta right now I think
Mike's really my friends they look
amazing these
imagine isn't pasta yes
Merry Christmas so we're a bit early for
training seminar City impress mr.
station like is eating cheesecake and
thought it would do a little bit for a
market
he takes some of those off presents
moved my coffee out of the way
first thing I got is and Verico salami
my brother business that looks he's
gonna love it
wrap it up put it under the tree I also
got some hot garlic pickle for my mum
for Christmas Day to go on the cheese
board with this cheese which is wrapped
up so I'm not going to unwrap it but it
was about nine quid for a cheese that
makes it was a pretty pricey for cheese
but it tastes delicious people anything
everyone will like it could be a gold
bar whether the comfort and I also got
for me I got some bee pollen which is
apparently meant to be really good or in
a cereal or yogurt in the mornings from
Lithuania and that's what it looks like
James's girlfriend has it all the time
and we also this is Mike's purchase Mike
got the Italian sausage fresh pasta
which was actually pretty pricey ten
pounds but it looks damn tasty and we
also did a present exchange with James I
don't know what's in this but I want to
show you the wrapping paper
it's got piglets on it this better be
for me it is for me ha ha so we just got
home and we've come in to watch a movie
in the sitting room and the dogs are
going bananas oh bananas my mum has just
been taking them for a walk but they
have been on their own for the majority
of the day poor little Souls actually
didn't leave that late it's about why
the clock now so yes the doggies are
ready for dinner I believe having a
fight with this thing here watching home
alone as per Mike's request because
yesterday we watched the Santa Claus
which was fine we're on our own beanbag
I've got my glasses on my PJs on I've
got my snug and da Dada my fuzzy polar
bear socks
I am so sexy right now have you ever
found your wife more attractive every
day
the donkeys of all what she's actually
treecko's finished her streaky did you
munch it too quick and Piglet it takes
piggley about 10 years eat hers because
she's so small and yeah that's what
we're doing might have little brows on
the internet and Mike's gonna cook that
pasture I think that we got in the
market today which was delicious and
that is all for now we are cooking some
dinner right now here's pasta you've
seen it twice already looks like might
wants to use this sauce but I feel like
we may have some other tasty sauce in
the cupboard we decided to compromise
and mix two sources together we have
quite a lot of sauce for this much pasta
it's gonna be heavy on the sauce but
that's okay because I really really
really really really like so I was like
I could drink pasta sauce like a soup
essentially tomato pasta sauce is kind
of like delicious really so we're on our
second movie that I'm actually watching
a New York Winter's Tale which just
seems pretty crazy and kind of
interesting I don't know if any of you
guys have seen it let me know if you
have but piglet has managed to climb up
onto the sofa via the beanbag
is sitting pretty right now squid is
sitting pretty on the other safer you I
spoil doggie woggie Wally Wally's so
piglet was sitting up there and she then
climbed onto the beanbag and that's it
for today guys I'll see you tomorrow
for the very very last day of vlogmas
I cannot wait any Christmas it's great
does hairdo it's very Christmasy Merry
Christmas
get ready for the jingle
