good morning guys it's vlogmas day 21
and today it's the morning after the
night before actually I feel totally
fine I probably only had a couple of
drinks last night because I was just
running around giving everyone else
drinks it was really fun I hope I think
everyone had a good time but I think the
last shot you will see of me is like I
sleep on the sofa from last night but
yeah I think we will go to bed at about
2:30 something like that so pretty late
but really far actually it was so nice
to see everybody it was a good mixture
about my family and my friends and stuff
we had a lot more people than I
anticipated I'm just cleaning up at the
moment
these are the glasses so far but they're
actually to be honest Mike did a lot
last night so it looks pretty clean I
just clean and like wipe the island and
I've been putting stuff away
she's got demolished we didn't actually
have enough crackers this is my mom saw
them and she was like yeah crackers I
was like well you know what I don't
believe you and we ran out of crackers
but yeah this is I've cleaned up like
the big one there was a big chunk left
but annihilated absolutely annihilated
and it was good it was so good this is
my breakfast his name is Jeffrey so
everyone has left now we just cooked an
epic breakfast or might coach breakfast
- it was really nice and this afternoon
I am heading to well we're both going to
oh you know you are I'll give you a lift
up the stairs we're going to Grandma's
house because she is having a Christmas
drinks so I think we have about half an
hour I'm just gonna go get change I'm
gonna strip the beds and just generally
tidy up pink bikes just go out the
shower so hopefully it's not naked eye
you naked
semi naked uh yeah I'll show you before
we go our little outfits day 21 the
angels sang unto you Is Born This Day a
savior who is Christ the Lord
I'm not gonna sing it but there we go as
she do if I want my chocolate yeah I'm
gonna save it for later also wanted to
show you as well something interesting
that one of my friends bought last night
is two birds Christmas spiced vodka now
I think my brother-in-law and my friend
ended up drinking about half of it and
did have a little taste but I've got a
cold I can't really taste it but I'm
gonna save this for Christmas because I
think it might be really nice mixed with
I don't know like lemonade or something
Christmas spice would get a sounds good
just about to leave for grannies my hair
is looking a bit of a mess much more sad
look in this mirror
I didn't want a warship so I wash it
like yesterday and I curled it so I was
trying to make the curls last but
they've kind of got a bit funny we were
all with it you're gonna roll with it I
was gonna do an outfit today for maybe
three years now but I love it is very
somber
my tester sir black tights black boots
all in black and you know who is wearing
she is wearing a Christmas jumper to let
me know what Mike is wearing all black
pretty much you look very nice today
this looks like an ugly scarf which you
got for Christmas from my mom I think
you don't remember where it's from but
oh wait it's GF Gianfranco Ferre
sign this is from American Eagle okay I
got it wrong wears it home label all
things Ralph Lauren surprise prize 7
jeans no leave us o Levi's jeans
conversing you look very good today I'm
not very good today still we're taking
piglet with us because little granny's
love pig
everybody loves her so it's like
guaranteed if you're going to a party
where you know it's gonna be awkward
chat like family like how have you been
so you know lalalala if you have piglet
it makes that chap ten times better
because I like
piglet it's all been a bit much for
piglet she is partied out you massive
raver piglet it's hatching
grounding some inner spies which are
like world-renowned as being the best
mince pies so this is your name started
blowing MIDI on we are back from ganks
out and I am just making myself a coffee
because feeling a little tired it's
about that time in the afternoon like
three what's time ten plus three when
you get a bit snoozy and i've got a bit
works for this afternoon so I'm gonna
make coffee you never sit we're laptop
get the work done a nice thing we might
be going to the cinema later just
watching one day with your coffee at the
same time to see the Hobbit to excited
about seeing the Hobbit I have wanted to
see its second one was so good I'm so so
excited to see the next one so yes that
is what's happening now kind of a boring
Sunday but it's nice just to have like a
chilled one because the last couple of
weeks have been so hectic so it's nice
just like at home and Mike will say its
assessment may be eating Satsuma is the
best part about Christmas picking it I
think we should check your Christmas
jumper off you've had it on all day
she literally loves it what do you do on
a Sunday afternoon when you've got some
time to kill have a frickin bar I'm so
excited I'm having about in the
afternoon I think I'm gonna use one of
my room linearity associates bath oils
that's destress because this is why I
want to support breed which is like
peppermint and you collected picked up
really congestion I think it will just
help my overall coldness and yes I'm
watching some Netflix as well and I
wanted to ask you guys whether or not
you're working the bathroom it's really
noisy whether or not you've got any
recommendations for TV shows to watch on
Netflix because I've just finished the
originals which is like a spinoff from
Vampire Diaries and I really liked it
but I finished the first season and now
there's no more on Netflix I'm like what
do i watch next
so let me know if you have any
recommendations I'm gonna have a bath
now then I think we're going to cinema I
think Jack might be coming to it should
be nice but off to see The Hobbit The
Hobbit in poverty Hobbit and that music
down I just wanted to vlog this because
I thought it was quite funny I've just
had a lot of something to eat at home
and Mike's like I'm gonna get McDonald's
on the way took twice in one week
Michael how bad the festival and the
festive spirit buzz look what he brought
with him because McDonald's don't do
mayonnaise Mike actually has brought a
full-size mayonnaise yeah boy you rascal
is that good within a controversial I
never wonder somewhere they don't do
better
of course we did not choice
well that was an emotional roller
coaster of whole bussiness Robert II
hope I enjoyed that a lot what did you
think it was good I thought the sea-doos
a bit rubbish oh here she comes
watch out boys she'll bark your nose off
out here hello oh hi come on let's go
find them
they're my crazy spaniels back hello
currently redoing my nails well oh it
didn't make a part it did the but the
beep on this is why I was vlogging
administration around us the beep on
this nail thing it beeps are 30 seconds
the dogs always bark when it be
so annoying when you're doing your nails
it's like people don't like we are
listening to Christmas music I'm Jay in
kitchen any updates from you know you
might hear what cup of tea I was
considering that yes beautiful
I can't I'm otherwise engaged going for
a color called little gold dress which
is like a pale gold I actually have this
all my toes but a lot of you guys
actually said that you can put a normal
nail polish on as well so I'm gonna try
and glitter coat and then put the gel
top coat on and see if it works and I
will let you guys know what goes on this
is snow globe trotter from OPI I'm a
wild child what's going on in here Oh
mr. Pied Piper and all his doggies good
girls and I finished my nails actually
didn't put the Questor on I think I'm
gonna do it tomorrow but I'm quite
liking the gold I might just put a
normal polish over the top and just for
Christmas then I can take it off but I
want cuz I might want to eat you are
ridiculous treacle she's dyed her front
pink from lying on the pink leather
proof as well who's so funny these two
are looking all these three I love you
very snugly like maybe tea and I always
always forget to drink it there goes
cold and gets pretty angry at me wanna
get my tea and then I'm gonna go sit on
the sofa with these hooligans have a
little snuggle and then we're gonna go
to bed so that's it for day 21
this footballs quite loud it's quite a
boring one I'm afraid guys but yeah I've
had a really nice chilled Sunday so it's
really nice just to be in that kind of
festive chillin with the family watching
a movie all that kind of jazz I probably
get really rough cuz I had a bath
earlier and like didn't take my mic off
and just kind of left it because we're
going out off with so yeah that's it for
today guys get ready for the jingle bye
