good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 19 today I'm walking the dogs on my
own because Mike was late getting up so
he is headed off to work and I have a
pretty free day to be honest I filmed my
video for today yesterday so I just need
to upload that and sort all of that out
and I also need to do some serious
Christmas shopping like food shopping
which always stresses me out because the
supermarket's equation books are always
manic but it should be okay I'm hoping
I'm not zoomed in on my face like really
close today like it was yesterday that
was awkward but yeah I'm gonna do them
at what's going on I'm gonna do all of
my food shopping today because we are
having a party tomorrow at our annual
Christmas party but then we also do
brunch on Christmas Day for our family
so I'm gonna buy the stuff for Christmas
Day today just five days away but
hopefully I'm the stuff we cook we
usually do like a Christmas ham and
stuff so that will last long enough to
be alright so what's happening the dogs
are running everywhere who goes the only
one with me down in the hill down the
hill
I just got back from my walk and the
FedEx man arrived and delivered an
amazing package look at this guy's I'm
so excited by there's the guy that cased
if I sent me a voucher for Kate like a
customizable case which is perfect I
mean because my new iphone is finally on
its way I hope I don't speak too soon
but they also sent me this we just got
piglets on it this is actually piglet
now I have sausages on my phone I've
just gotten my mum's as I am I've
hijacked her fridge to meet in a yogurt
and some passe and some cherries as our
mixture these two monkeys here
doodleburg is eating a cherry we had to
give her a little bit because she was
getting cherry juice all over her
t-shirt and Spees here too he's been
telling me about how how old he is
thinks he'll be when he gets taller than
me how old do you think spike a hundred
I have a feeling it may be about nine or
ten but yeah so
just hang where these guys can have a
cup of tea when you're eating your
yogurt I ain't no other one it's really
tasty coconut yogurt these things pearl
delay coconut yogurts are the best I
never buy them because they are not very
good for you they have like cream in
them and stuff but mum always has them
and I always deal with when I come here
mum's like yes I love that it's the
first step on the mega shopping mission
there's crazy Sun going on right now
it's dog food let's do it puppy food
mission accomplished
Supermarket number one has been hit I
like to waitress get cheese because I
like smelly cheese and they have the
smelliest of cheese in waitress now I'm
going to Sainsbury's to get booze and
other stuff the boot is gonna be
seriously full by the end of this okay
so sharp number two was decidedly larger
than a shot number one and I am feeling
slightly stressed out in winter wet on a
plus side everyone was super super
friendly in there because I don't know I
feel like in the run-up to Christmas
everyone's like Merry Christmas like
NOLA and it's just really nice so gotta
take this all home now and unleash I
just got home unpacked all of the food
it's best to say it's gonna be a good
party tomorrow and it's also gonna be a
feast on Christmas morning I am beyond
excited about the cheese it's gonna give
you a little cheese talk we've got the
biggest chunk of Gosselaar say in the
world
Stilton this stuff looks amazing it's
brie with mushroom and truffle in the
center
badou's vishuraj du haut Dube I hope
that thing I said wrong but basically
this is a stinky little monkey some
quince jelly this stuff is like smoke
actually I'll have to get two piece of
this instead of one because that's all
they had but it tastes really good I've
got a cheddar heart-shaped cheddar
this stuff looks yummy was kind of like
a counter there something a lot bit on
the date I've got big syphilis grapes
oh and biscuits although I think I
definitely didn't get enough biscuit I
thought this box would be like properly
full and it's kind of not that full so
yeah that's like my cheese board I am so
excited about this instead of having
food tomorrow is having cheese and like
nibbles and stuff Oh
lot of pigs in blankets swell so any
problem it is at the moment the fridge
looks like this so I'm gonna have to
have a little work clear out and
condensation and try and fit all of that
in there mission on and these guys are
bored already
okay so its mission almost accomplished
I feel like I have an MTV Cribs fridge
right now I'll show you in a minute but
one of the dogs came through with this
which is from the Christmas tree in my
office now
this makes me wonder what the state of
the Christmas tree is in my office
oh dear that's not very good is it
there is bits of decoration I believe
that maybe a glass decoration which is
really not good please don't be glass
and that the plastic they've just chewed
it there's bits of bauble everywhere
they've managed to extract the tinsel
very cleverly and put it in a straight
line monkeys that also sounds like
somebody's heard some something dramatic
just happened in the car I can't
comprehend what's happening what song
came on and for some reason I turn it up
well it smells good doesn't it the new
candle look at this bridge are you ready
for it
da-da-da-da-da-da-da MTV crib we I'm
just gonna point out that we are no
alcoholics we're having oh my goodness
we're having like 45 people over for a
party so we got mainly booze about the
Prosecco at the tart white wine and
we're gonna see dogs are going bananas
we've got many pigs in blankets and
ingredients for making party snacks we
also have a Christmas ham at the back
yet there and the smoked salmon for
Christmas morning and more drink soft
drinks and beer and that's all
and veggies in the bottom all organized
up the side that was a feat of I also
bought clementines so Christmassy I'm
eating one now as a little snack
these just remind me of Christmas I
don't know the difference between saps
femurs clementines and what so on
no oranges is the big one Clement eats
satsumas a night
anyway I don't have any between them
tangerines that's it
what was the difference actually I think
countries have a really quite distinct
train station clementines and satsumas
no idea so if anybody knows in the
comment section below let us know
someone's happy I bought you a gold coin
yesterday when the three kings arrived
in Bethlehem they spoke to the crowds
and spread the good news eight's the
good chocolate it's really cold wait we
need the talk we do you want to come I
was like no he was like you'll be fine
you'll be with me don't know why I'm
coming this is cold it's freezing and
it's creepy on the plus side Mike has
this torch check this out it's like you
have to do you buttons up yeah oh
goodness it's so cold this has a magnet
on the end there on the way oh yes okay
so you put it on you put on shake it on
side so it doesn't drop you see that
yeah so you can walk and there's a light
in this like Oh piglet can see where
she's going I'm back upstairs and I'm
doing the last slog of Christmas
wrapping
here's everything I've done so far the
gold doesn't go but basically only for
extra-wide and the gold so I can wrap
the kiddies presents which are there so
yeah I've got a few more to wrap and one
tonight because you tell me because a
lot of our friends are coming tomorrow
and that's probably when I'm going to
give them their presents so I want to
have everything done and then I can just
like chill out and enjoy next week so
off we go
wrapping mission accomplished this one
didn't help whatsoever we are gonna put
these under the tree in the morning
because look maybe Christmas and we're
going to my sister's for dinner tonight
I'm actually quite tired I also have a
rebound sore throat I'm just so yes you
going to pick up MA - on the way yes out
you try on my dope mm-hmm so we are
currently on our way to my sister's
place we're actually gonna go to my
mom's for dinner tonight but then it
turned out because she's having lots of
her friends over and some of their kids
who I'm friends with are gonna come but
now they're not coming so we're going to
a this is for curry and we are listening
to the marmoset album which if you guys
like kind of semi heavy music is
freaking amazing
so go and check it out I'm like obsessed
with it at the moment we're currently
listening to captivate you which is not
focusing but oh but yeah it's really
really great and I would definitely
listen to it laughing it at the moment
we're going to pick up Matt and Lucy on
a Z we're not sure if it's Matt and Lucy
or is it just that I'm not sure yeah
we'll find out and I'm not sure if
having a curry or whether I kind of type
anise cookies we've had a lot of private
feeling she's cookie bomb on the pan is
a really good
and there's cooking meatballs these look
better than your meatballs right Mike
Mike thinks he's the best of equals but
I think this looks better there's so
many balls yummy balls we are now
hanging in Hannah's room watching fast
and loud which is a really girly show
about cars Mike loves it it's not about
a virgin
Knight Rider yeah this is probably the
cutest thing I've ever seen ever
oh no that was like five that's it for
the vlog I just wanna see them safer and
like took the cover off me and told me
I'm gonna be so mean oh it wouldn't be a
bad idea a nice cozy shop is like hell
yeah we see you guys tomorrow get ready
