hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 15
this morning I am in bed but I am
actually feeling quite a bit better it's
about 11 o'clock now I woke up this
morning and I still felt really really
bad and achy and sick so I have had like
taking it really slow this morning I'm
doing some work from bed and I just had
a little sleep again and now I've woken
up and I feel so much better
it's like instantly really strange so
I've got a lot of stuff still to do for
my book it's put me back like a day so
I'm gonna sit here and do some writing
for a little while and then I think I've
got to go into town in a bit to get some
stuff for what was meant to be today's
video but anything I'm gonna be filming
a video today unless I can get more done
than I think I can this morning but yes
basically today's vlogmas and
yesterday's vlogmas suck
hopefully there'll be something more
exciting happening later on but yeah
being ill is stinky these two are being
so cute right now I have decamps
downstairs the kitchen so I was feeling
a lot better so you moved out of your
moved out with my pit of despair
mancilla MDF if you would like to go to
boots with me on a little excursion see
me right now not right now in a little
while
that's why you can drive yes really yes
yes how's your David well the arm is
working the auger is working oh hello
the weed which was this you can have do
you want to go you've been fed don't
feed her again I just fed her oh no
wonder you tonight he wants to go for a
double use Taylor how was your day was
it okay okay I also need to fix audio so
I thought let me introduce the toilets
totally finished except for the fact
that Mike haven't actually fixed the
toilet
so Mike fixes the toilet and then at
least
yes very big trouble I told them that
this plan I've spoken to the plumber
today and the plumber has reassured me
it's an easy job okay so I did you know
I think perhaps the plumbing to maybe
come and do the job is to himself right
okay then you paint work hey what if
your lease is fine totally fine what the
ball these guys need to go for wel can
you go to the toilet
just not commenting B are going on a
magical mystery tour we're not really
we're going to you boots because there
are a few things I wanted to pick up
because I am filming a haul video is
meant for me today there were a couple
of things I wanted to pick up before you
do extra things new because I wanted to
get some more heat pads for my back
because my back had been playing up
recently I don't know Hiro I think I was
like Lord was day four or something or I
mentioned it but it has been a bit
annoying since then and then the last
day spent in bed has just messed up my
back so I have one of those like deep
heat heat pads on it at the moment and
it's really helping so I'm gonna get
some more and I wanted to stop in at TK
Maxx to get something festive and small
and exciting which I won't tell you
about did we get that Mike thriving yeah
family day out or evening short trip out
we are currently a booth and I wanted to
show you really quickly might be hold my
basket just found this
it smells out-of-this-world good its
original source vanilla and sweet almond
oil I don't even know original source
did body butters but it smells over even
Mike likes the smell of it and their pet
and they're playing Christmas tunes nine
days till Christmas
oh yeah this is what we need I'm
dropping stuff all over the floor back
on Mike's got the bag of goodies I may
have brought about that present for one
of you guys so you can have to watch my
new video if you want to know how to win
it but it's pretty cool let me tell you
that we are now going to TK Maxx that
would be so naughty and it definitely
would it be helping towards me getting
better
it's got skiers on it and everything
extra small perfect size how much is it
$7.99 a reduced from 40 pounds that
seems extortionate for $7.99 is okay yes
piglet is gonna wear this all Christmas
seeing as piglets getting a jumper I
think it's only fair that the other
don't get a little something - what
about jumpers Christmas snowflakes that
would get annihilated they do quite like
things out there what about this what is
this what is this from a from a TV show
or something I don't know like it oh
that's weird what is that thing Keeley
things what about a D stuffed pig
leopard print jacket that's great yeah
we found a piglet for piglet yes
sometimes I worry about Mike you just
pick this out I said show it to the Mike
I said what is this Mike says a cow a
cow
it's a dragon or if she's not quite sure
it's definitely not juggling it's not a
cow that is not a cow Mike he's not a
dragon either it looks more like a
dragon then they can also say this it
says it's called Roy cuddles plush dog
toy of unknown origins but have you
found I finished up this in the house I
think so
what about this one do you think more I
think we should get one of those made of
your face so Mike and I just trying to
work out when was the last time we've
been to McDonald's and I honestly can't
remember it must be there must be a few
months ago must minute you've had
milkshakes
yeah but Marie she has room they don't
care actually having McDonald's it's
been a long time I don't even know what
to order what do I have got menus fogged
up and we can't be a thing that's
rubbish oh look what we got no
McDonald's is complete without barbecue
sauce it is the best barbecue sauce ever
I think I got a we got Christmas music
playing - whoo I got 1 pound of cheese
meal and a diet coke
Mike got quarter pound of cheese meal we
no ketchup or onions only yes just
cheese what a weirdo you are properly
weird like you don't trust him don't
trust him he doesn't like ketchup just
you wait till you see what I've got you
puppies which and won't we go for first
I reckon this one screw squidgy what's
this this one is going down well having
better fine
guys have you seen the other one do you
like that one's good you spoilt dogs Oh
treacle wants to steal it piggy has got
the big one so what's going on here
you're so beautiful let's put her down
so the others think of it it's a perfect
fit I think it's made for a sausage dog
because it's really small and long is it
just your ridiculous figures I have you
just turned her into a toy for me so I
can chew it hey Christmas poo turtleneck
and poppy family our dogs are pretty
good with their toys and it takes them
but three years to destroy them this was
the worst I don't think they'll destroy
that one oh she doesn't have too much
fun yeah give me a hug it's dead I'm not
sure how she's managed this ask which
currently has both toys and a piece of
fluff stuck to her eyebrow squish you
are very skilled in toy hogging in a
couple of hours I've been writing
upstairs in the bedroom Mike's been
working and now I bought load of stuff
downstairs to do a little bit of
wrapping whilst we watch a movie I
downloaded Lucy which I've been wanting
to watch and wonder to go and see it at
the cinema what she started I watched
like the first 15 minutes then Mike came
in and was like are you watching a movie
without me I was like okay
we can watch it so yes we're starting
again and I wanted to show you guys my
Christmas cards because that's what else
I'm doing now I'm having a little break
I'm gonna go back to writing I think
probably midway through the movie but
these are my Christmas cards this year
very good squid you know how to squeak
the toys they're from Paper Chase and I
really like them because they're so
sparkly there's three designs rocking
around the Christmas tree
there's Merry Christmas and there's tis
the season and I think these were not
actually that expensive sometimes there
are six pounds for 15 sometimes paper
J's can be really really expensive and I
don't think that's too bad considering
that they are like covered in glitter so
yes those are my Christmas cards and I'm
gonna get writing them now Peter did you
just jump off the sofa you're meant to
go on your little pouf you are piglet is
so naughty she's discovered how to go up
and down the stairs in the last day
which is really really bad if anyone
knows a lot about miniature dachshunds
they have very sensitive backs and
piglet is not allowed to go up and down
the stairs or jump on an off the sofa on
her own however in the last couple of
days
she has just clicked she used to be
really terrified in the stairs and used
to sit at the bottom look oh I don't
know what to do now she can go up and
down them and she keeps sneaking off to
do it and every time she doesn't we tell
her off but it doesn't look like
naturally she's gonna stop doing it so I
think we might have to get a stair gate
because she is one naughty pup the
sausage roll we'll see you tomorrow for
vlogmas day 16 guess.i we're going
tomorrow we're going to London to see my
big brother playing a concert boo-boo
sees Murray get ready
