good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 14 today I feel rubbish I don't know
what's wrong with me
but I feel really sick achy and just
really rubbish and this is like the
worst worst possible time I've you've
got ill but yeah I'm just gonna take it
slow today and see if I can still get
some work done because I've got so much
to do still we are also having major
drama in the de force household this
morning Mike is still in his onesie act
almost 11 o'clock he looks hilarious on
the side note but why are you still in
your onesie because I forgot to switch
over the fuel tanks so then everything's
run out of oil so then now we've got the
boiler going so you can have a shower
the ardour of action and we've got an
air block or something like that so dad
here is he still outside no he is pop
here's pop to go see if he's got time to
get tools if if not then we're having a
quick ring to our friend Neil no we're
trying got a problem
I think piglet may have a mess please
it's got a mouse oh no today is a bad
day stick a stick
oh it's only a stick that is gonna be
messy finger to go when you say that off
you're afraid so but 1 million toys
piglets you don't need this this bit and
these bits and that bit I'm because I
feel poorly and it's freezing cold in
our house I've got this outfit of the
day on ok how did you have a shower no
reason showered it was like lukewarm
heads I'm so cold
you know any how to shower on is not
warm enough and then you end up like do
a duffer I've got on my I've got me
hoodie that might caught me several
years ago
thanks to extra extra large I've had
this is so long I love it whenever I
have it and it poorly day or it's
freezing cold I put this on I surprised
you haven't stolen my fleece have a
company buddy and then I have my black
jeans on my UGG boots and no makeup and
my hair's a mess and I feel like poop oh
no you know one thing you haven't done
yet sick so everything I'm gonna save
the chocolate for later move that what
day is it 14 King Herod sent the Kings
to Bethlehem to find Jesus I'm gonna
save the chocolate for me what are you
doing you fool
you've got popping candy I love popping
candy it's quite a lot later now and I
feel really really ill I've basically
just been sleeping and just feeling
really rubbish all day long and luckily
I've had the dogs that I still have my
pet piglet is here as well she's been
chewing on my slipper and these two have
also been keeping me company so that's a
good that's a plus point isn't it pig
I've got to spend day with you guys but
yeah I am gonna call this vlog a night
or I don't even know what time it is
programme six o'clock so know that but
I'm hoping I feel better tomorrow and
that it's just like a 24-hour bug or
something like that but I feel like
rotten and I'm hoping I do for like this
story because I've got a lot of stuff to
do and also it makes for rubbish blogs
for you guys if I'm just like oh but
yeah that's it say I'll see you guys
tomorrow I hope you have all I had a
lovely weekend bye get ready for the
jingle
kontin is that out again
