so welcome to vlogmas day 12
it is currently about seven o'clock in
the morning and I'm wishing we didn't
say so late last night
and drink so much because I'm now a
service for the video that I filmed last
night my Kissin bed antisocial timing
switched all the lights on he was like
that's so unnecessary I was like well
actually kind of necessary because I
need to fill my close-ups he's like oh
God
which is exactly how I feel because we
had a brilliant time last night we were
dancing drinking champagne and now I
have a meeting this morning whoops
feeling pretty jealous right now
because our breakfast is right I ordered
porridge this is mine
this is Mike's jealous I'm sitting on
the bed with my royal tray and on a side
note this is probably the biggest bowl
of porridge I've ever seen in my life it
was definitely not for like four people
Mike's decided he's going to eat over
there I mean I'm okay here we go with
your kettle can you make me one my
breakfast game is improving and I now
have berry compote on top it looks it
looks slightly more appetizing now
although mr. smug emic smug pants in the
corner just by living Mike's about
something the milk-jug show everyone how
you open it one flourish bosses like Oh
somebody sent me an email saying as they
were leaving last night they bumped into
ed Sheeran on the way out ed Sheeran was
in the same building and I didn't see
him I'm Zach I love it sure we are in
the lift
Mike is down Mike is going back home now
and I have some meetings in London so
you are gonna have nice Drive back home
I've got to go on the cheap rubbish lift
out there today
so many bags top
let's go first when you want your H&M
jumper which you can't see cuz it's all
black and then my Marge coat very snugly
and Mike is just generally gorgeous we
have many oysters oh yeah we'll see how
they get out
so Mike's just come and pick me up from
the station and we just passed this
house look at it they are feeling
festive Mike about their Christmas trees
bigger than yours we know we are on our
way back home sorry I haven't looked
much today guys I've been in a meeting
and then in and I couldn't Christmas
lunch with the guys from style which is
really nice Becky was there as well but
I have been feeling really really tired
all day and I just yeah I have few too
many drinks last night so not good not
good and I'm normally I rarely drink
very much either so yeah one of those is
one of those Christmas party situations
but we're now on our way home and I've
got my video to edit all I want to do is
go to bed to be quite honest with you
and get some sleep because think I've
got about three hours sleep not smiling
before obviously
so yes that is what's happening and mike
is here he came to pick me from the
station because he's amazeballs
you got quite a fight you do you know
just magically managed to get a magical
item you know have you had a nice day
alright date stuff has gone wrong but
you know one of those days those days
but you know we've nearly got it down so
it's again which which you'll be amazed
balls and you know what guys it's Friday
this is the best party getting home
hello oh hi piggy piggy hi hi hi hi hi
you are very excited oh it's nice to see
you
oh come on in let's go for a week and
then lose nearly done you stick the
masking tape out on Monday anomaly and
then radiators back on the wall yes
we've got a toilet so you're just gonna
come and what tidy up a little boxing
looks smart yeah I thought we do that no
read relevant all right so good it looks
smart anything it's good 12 they were
bearing gifts of gold frankincense and
myrrh
then you ought it is why I love Mike he
has just cooked me an amazing dinner and
I'm sitting here with my bears what Hugh
merican want story editing money video
good stuff and I have my Josh Sundquist
video I'm happy to be happy they have a
closer look at this dinner it's lamb
with better young and rosemary and then
green beans and asparagus and air fried
potatoes and peppers Mike your
amazeballs I did not finish my vlog last
night I'm sorry guys actually this is
the first time I've done that so far
this vlog was my used to do it a lot so
I'm feeling pretty good
it is now Saturday morning it's about 9
10 past 9:00 if it was half past 9:00 so
I've had a bit of a slow start but a lot
and actually end up finishing my editing
for my video last night I fell asleep so
I'm going to do that this morning edit
this vlog then I'm gonna get writing so
yeah that's it for today I'll see you
guys in tomorrow frog which is actually
today
