good morning guys so today is Sunday the
7th of December and today I am doing
some work on my book and I thought it
might be quite a good chance to show you
like a little behind the scenes of me
writing my book and a little sneak peek
in turn into black piglet Mike's just
gone upstairs and pig it things it's
really funny to do lots of barking it's
not funny piglet no so yeah I thought it
might be good to give you guys a sneak
peek into a little bit if the content is
going into them as well and my writing
process and the whole process of like
writing a book and how it all happened
and that kind of stuff
so I'm gonna open my advent calendar day
7 the law was passed that everyone had
to return to the town of their birth to
register for tax I'm upstairs in my
bedroom right now like lying on my bed
confront down like this and I have my
laptop in front of me so I come up here
to work a lot of the time because I find
it quite relaxing up here downstairs the
dogs kind of tend to go a bit crazy if
I'm sitting anywhere comfortable I like
to be comfortable when I'm writing I
don't know why but downstairs just tends
to get a bit crazy like the dogs are
jumping on me or whatever so either come
up here or I go out to a coffee shop and
today I'm here because I didn't want to
leave the dogs on their own because
Mike's gone towards football and we were
out for a lot of yesterday so anyway
long story short I'm up in my bedroom
and I I thought it would show you like
the outline of the books so far so don't
know if you guys can see I'm going to
turn the camera around so this is a file
that I keep on my desktop but you can
see here it is cool the glam guide
there's my vlogmas day 6 which i just
uploaded and as you can see here i keep
individual files for all of the chapters
and this is a sneak peek because I
haven't actually revealed like what the
chapters are gonna be so far but
obviously I have a Word document for
everything contents introduction chapter
1 chapter 2 new chap 3 4 5 6 - 7
acknowledgments and then quotes and then
the chapters are this one is beauty and
they didn't actually say on them because
the editor change the filename so this
one is beauty this one has hair fashion
travel health and fitness love life
dreams and everything in between this is
kind of like a all-round kind of bit
more personal chapter and then you -
been blogging I think the
you should involved in Chapter is going
to go into Chapter six I think we might
end up with just six chapters in the end
but this is how I've laid everything out
the way of writing a book works and
obviously I never knew this because I've
never kind of been a writer before or
thought about kind of how you would go
about writing a book I had written at
the point where I signed my book deal I
had written probably four topics and
within each of these six or seven
chapters depending on whether or not I
combined the YouTube blog one within
each of these there is between five and
fifteen different topics so each topic
is probably two pages to four pages long
out of the book so when we went for the
meeting with headline which is my
publisher I had written four different
topics so that I think there's sixty
five in total so it's quite a small
snippet of the book so that was just
almost a preview to them like my writing
style and then I had also brainstormed
like a hundred and fifty different
topics that I was thinking of writing
and obviously then we cut them down to
like 65 I think it's fuzzy she'll can't
remember exactly we keep changing a
little bit so that was a point when I
signed my contract and then when I
started kind of fine-tuning things we
kind of like picked out the topics I
actually wanted to write so solidified
like the contents page a bit further so
that the designer who's called Siobhan
who is like lovely if Siobhan if you
watch this hello yeah she just we've
been kind of giving her a bit of a more
solid idea of like how many topics
they're gonna be and what they're gonna
be about so that she can actually design
it properly because that's kind of like
a hard thing to do at the same time
because the deadlines are pretty tight I
have ten days left before I need to have
finished all of my like first drafts and
everything and send them over to my
editor Sarah so basically we solidified
like all the contents to a certain level
and then gave them to Siobhan to she can
kind of have an idea of what she wants
to do and then as I've been finishing
each third as a book I've been sending
them over to my editor Sarah and her
assistant Holly who then read through
and give me feedback on them
so that feedback is usually they have
you know when you get the little like
comments and the I don't I'm like really
not very good with word I haven't like
used the what is it like the editing
thing where they have their like
comments on the side and it has like the
little red arrow to be like we need more
here so they basically come back with
their comments on the draft and they're
different for every chapter so I've had
their comments for the first four
chapters now I'm just working on the
fashion and travel chapters to send back
to them for the second draft so they
send like a few comments I add in a few
more and then it goes to the copy editor
who does all the grammatical things and
you know taking out commas and adding in
like capital letters were then he did
and things like that just things that
you miss that I'm not a grammatical
genius so yeah and then it comes back to
me again I checked through it again and
then it goes off to the proofreader who
reads it for any last like spelling
mistakes before it is finalized so
that's how it works it was all learning
system for me so basically I have done
with done and dusted chapter 1 and
chapter 2 which is hair and beauty I
mean makeup and hair yeah
peri Beauty same thing makeup and hair
anyway that's in that order and then I
have written my first drafts of fashion
travel which have just been sent back to
me and then I am about halfway through
the health and fitness chapter and then
I have the last chapters right so I've
got 10 days left and it's quite a lot of
work ten days so I have to have given in
the final chapter my first drafts and
then we go back and forth and then I
also need to write my acknowledgments
which I've kind of been putting off the
weird thing is I think about it when I'm
like driving in the car I think about in
my head float what I'm gonna say and I'm
like yes that's exactly what I'm gonna
say but every time I open up the word
document and go tonight write it I'm
like oh god I don't know what to say and
the introduction is also in a similar
state to the acknowledgement so I have
like a paragraph but I want to make it
like a couple of pages introduction and
then I also actually have a document
called quotes which I'm actually I'm not
sure if this is 100% happening or not
but when Sean the designer as she first
put together some sample pages which
were amazing and she's like instantly on
the same page so it's absolutely
incredible so when she first gave me the
design pages she had done some like
random quotes that she had just found on
the internet on the chapter title pages
and I thought that would be something
that would be really really fun to do
she'd done like the same quote for all
of the mock-ups and which was a random
one that we probably wouldn't end up
using but I thought it would be really
good to find like famous quotes for each
topic and have them as the title headers
it's almost like I like that it's kind
of like a little bit inspirational so
I've been collecting quotes along the
way of people like things that I find
inspirational or I think would be
fitting for the chapter titles and then
on here as well I turn it round like
this I also have if you can see I also
have reference pictures and draft so the
back and forth with all that all of the
different drafts ends up the first like
the old version drafts go into the
drafts folder just so that I have them
just in case
and then the reference pictures I have
say if I'm trying to explain something
to Siobhan about what I want an
illustration to look like or a photo to
look like I will save it in there and
then send it over to her when I need to
or I'll put it in the word document as
well but I just keep a copy of them all
in there yeah so that is like a
behind-the-scenes of like how writing a
book works or how it's working for me
because everybody's different as well it
depends on the type of book that you're
writing to but my publishers have been
super awesome because they've actually
really let me do what I want to sense
then they've given me great feedback but
they've been really useful but they've
also been quite trusting in the fact
that I'm not a writer I make videos on
YouTube I have a blog yes I write a bit
but I'm not a professional writer and
they've kind of they've had a lot of
trust in me to just be like yeah you go
ahead write your draft we'll send it
back and you know what we think and
they've actually been super nice about
everything and really positive so it's
been a really nice experience for me and
I just wish I had a little bit more time
for this last one the other two
deadlines have been fine but this last
one I think because of vlogmas and
because everything else is like so busy
around Christmas anyway yeah it's going
to be a little manic but that's
Update I'm gonna go make some lunch now
okay this is currently the state of our
fridge right now I'm not entirely sure
what we have that would be good for
lunch I might try and like throw
something together out of those veggies
we have some naki as well this is like a
real like hodgepodge of stuff left over
there's a little stuff left from
shooting the Sainsbury's this week as
well I might would you have some
tortilla wraps but everything we have
anything to put in them cheese I could
make Cassady yes I also got given this
little set yesterday which is an at-home
gel manicure set you have like the
miniature like base coat like polish and
the primer and cleanser and then you
have a little lamp as well I've never
done gel before but I love gel nails and
I feel like if I can get this done today
it will mean I probably won't have to
paint my nails again until before
Christmas and after the book is done and
most of lockness is done and all of that
jazz so I might do this today and yeah
if I get time I think that would be a
good job done and I'd have to work on
your nails again for a while so here's
my lunch actually looks pretty similar
to the other day when I had no key but I
put some broccoli in it this time to
make it did my nails I'm actually so
impressed by this it's the first time
I've ever done at home gel focus you
crazy camera and yes the first time I've
ever done at home gel and it feels
really smooth actually I like it a lot
I will definitely be doing it again twig
thing like a dried up twig with leaves
on it she is obsessed with it what you
do in bigwig what are you doing she's so
just for the dogs and I'm getting ready
to take me for a while I am ready
sitting for all it might take a coat
rack by the torch and it is dark outside
so I'm gonna look in the garage and see
if I can find it otherwise it's gonna be
a seriously creepy
walk and it's really cold found it look
at this weird torch it's cool there
where are we off to
there's the piglet let's go woohoo
a walk in the dark so didn't go as far
as normal because it's really dark and
creepy and it's also freezing even
though it was a massive coat on I'm like
shivering it's so cold I should have
taken that bit earlier but it got stuck
pretty quickly I didn't really notice I
just kind of liked working it in the
zone and then it was dark so long a walk
today little one but I'm sorry maybe
Mike would hate them but taken together
get bit scared didn't want to go down
the lane so I just went around the house
like three times I could still see like
the lights from the house I'm not sure
why doing the - oh I can see them come
on guys stick who's heard the foosball
very good there that one did they win
did you have a nice time
did you what else did you do we had nice
snacks we cheered jumped around I scream
and shout at bet and I won on my bedside
gave it to charity
oh how much did you win I won I had
quite a few bets and tell me about this
I put on 15 pounds yeah and I got back
22 they're not that great to charities
all 22 pounds 22 pounds well that's very
nice
I am currently cooking myself some pasta
for my dinner
woah smoking up the camera Mike is not
having any because he ate like two hours
ago but I'm gonna have some sex later so
I'm gonna eat this and then I feel like
I'm gonna do a little bit of Christmas
present wrapping because we always buy
so many Christmas presents because we've
got quite big families and I just love
buying presents of people when you say
give you so I quite like all of our
friends those presents uh-huh because
I've got a lot of things Rach I try and
do it in like sections so that I don't
end up wrapping for like a whole day
straight and get bored of it because I
love present wrapping but if you do it
for a whole day and get bored of it the
present wrapping gets of a shoddy
quality so I'm currently sitting in the
spare room and I have quite a big pile
of prezi's and a lot of wrapping paper
squidge is here piggy deep ooh
was here but she's gone and I am going
to commence my Christmas wrapping and
get it done early of what the Vampire
Diaries playing it is all good stuff
that is gonna be it for today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoy it I'll see you
again tomorrow it's Monday boohoo the
weekends over
but another week another week closer to
Christmas yes that's a good way to look
at it I'll see you guys tomorrow I hope
you have an amazing day
