good morning everybody and welcome to
blogeee list a six I don't have six
fingers so I'm gonna have to do five and
then you can imagine I have an extra
finger today we're going to the close
show super excited gonna open my haven't
come to eat the chocolate and you look
very nice today
guess who's coming with me
best husband award goes to already eaten
the chocolate but I wanted to update you
with this story an angel appeared to
Joseph and told him to name the baby
Jesus I thought quite far or in the
story for day six anyone else think that
there's another 18 days to go it's out
for every day time mvf queer whole
family what kind of a birthday is this
sharpen up think this this is the
incomplete outfit of the day pretty you
to wake up and put individual lashes on
my lipstick is Chanel corner which it's
got into place it's quite like it looks
really dark it's actually like finalized
like slightly a little bit of something
something going on but nothing too major
and then I have on my a sauce like
double pleated collar shirt recessional
see-through so I have to leave my jacket
all time you're gonna bake know it's
freezing outside today - advice - pitch
from ms and then I have this little
skirt which is from oh my love my
balance is about ten years old from
j√§ger and they have black tights my
regular boots and my claw deep yellow
bag under and my outfit of the day for
you you look so fabulous today I think
you look great
this looks like it's choking you a
little life this is a cache miss scarf
from my sister's company which is
actually called on I allure it's about
like that this is an old one the
stitches coming off and yes that is
lovely and snuggly and then this is from
diesel well then this is from Ralph
Lauren yes yes
then jeans are from seven for all
mankind yes
and your shoes are John the vitals
converse there you go good wife you can
have done that with my outfit good you
right let's get in the clothes show Mike
is being tortured today and yeah I'm
doing a couple of meetups and I actually
have like a really packed schedule so
I'm hoping it's going to be time enough
to have a little mosey around the shops
I have a feeling it may not be but we
will see and you guys can come along
with us and see what the clothes shows
like this I went last year and I blogged
it pretty mental but this year I think
what we're doing quite different stuff
and Mike's never been before that he's
excited piglet what are you up to
Peter we go steal some piggy tapu girl
what are you doing under there that's
where we keep the clothes dog food isn't
it have you discovered that little
monkey such a beautiful day look at the
skies it's been really frosty last night
actually doesn't show up as much on
camera but everything is like frosted
it's the first time really beautiful
winter's day I think we've had this year
it's exciting that is all for now we
have a new breakfast here another way to
be well I haven't had any breakfast
Mike's not breakfast in somewhere when I
was doing what they thought my handsome
husband is the best husband ever
and he just went to got me a banana and
his Starbucks also is editing in the car
on fruit Oh put it in the cup we have
arrived and I have to say it's feeling
quite fresh this morning I'm wishing I
brought a massive coat
it's freezing I bet you'll be complete
you'll be better inside got my coffee
just arrived a little hooligan
last time I was here it was cars now
this close he's crazy
finish my first meter
Mike was watching big storm and now
we're going back
together worrying for somebody I don't
know who
is what is next on the schedule
and I really really really want to go
shopping right now I might try and
escape and little later if we have a
little slot and come shopping we're in
the secret backstage bit and there are
some competition winners that are coming
to me as like a secret meeting where we
are the stealthy Meetup so we're Furby
is meeting or
little private session drop the stuff in
the car and I've snuck yes
don't tell him no we're gonna get at him
have lunch as well huh me does this look
I've got some fried cheese always a good
option liver pate strips Oh sandwich all
good
oh my god guys we've just been through
these little profiterole things they've
got white chocolate
they put Bailey's inside acuminate Mike
you're doing
just I just you know with you what you
know about it
well how did you get into bogey enforced
policy enforced by an enforcer no choice
this is where we're going in a minute so
you're going
I've been hiding backstage I was first
out on stage which is currently called
me right now so I thought the best go
just see what she's doing
she's their focus camera that all these
people on a big screen like throwing it
all together finished you a mic was
filming it I went out on my way into the
fashion theater to watch the fashion
show which is exciting it's amazing our
students like to see that we saw a
little bit of the underwear section or
the swimsuit section a little bit
excessive anything
we've just come out with a brush
attachment it's pretty cool and come
back in here
suddenly it's got singing I think we are
heading to an interview on our way to
meet up too and it's getting busier and
busier this is
there is that getting out later guys
but this place has this little camera
setup as order so the guys there they
have their little selfie
still thinking about that ever change
I'm still a resident back home
it was so funny though it's like seems
like a flashing lights going on so it's
really confusing everybody a picnic
region they're really finely
civilized friend made
what you doing up just to have the photo
taken they did realize it was like a
meter so they came through and like
stood in the area and they were like
looking at me like why are you doing our
photo funny I think I'm probably like
inside you know Mike I think my
boyfriend is aware now I'm doing another
Q&A on the image we might come down to
makeups likes all the models again
change to make it up there yeah this is
what's going on
that's on stage again very welcome
Loulou I just finished my last Q&A of
the day and now I've escaped and I'm
going shopping Michael but the clothes
show wasn't for guys it was upset last
time I was here there's loads of
motorbikes look what I see in there
here's a trial mike is very happy that
there is a motorbike at the closer so I
didn't buy anything
I did find a jacket I really liked but
it was quite fun so now going to do
another once at which my fit so this is
probably my last take over the camera
and this is what some guys are very
happy to background this is the last
thing of the day I think the last
attempts of photos taken and then she's
popping at a time do more shopping
we've just got back from the close show
and Mike and I are both pretty tired but
we had a super fun day actually wasn't
about wasn't like no it was good fun you
meant learn it's a piece and those are
nice people really matters we think I
had a really good time and what's more
if we got given Christmas onesies
matching just like a Rakhi or something
Mike's first-ever one-piece onesie they
are the way forward Mike I swear to you
I want to go for the W words I think
they might I hope you enjoyed the
clothes show and to anyone that I met
when I was there thank you so much for
coming and coming to my meetups or
stopping me when we were walking around
it was really really nice to meet all of
you and that's it for robles think 6:00
we will see you guys tomorrow bye bye
get ready for the jingle
