hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 4
today I'm off to London again I thought
I would do a really quick outfit today
I'm doing it outside
I don't really know why so we're like
nice outside cuz I'm wearing a really
wintery outfit of the day and I've got
messy hair today because I didn't have
time to do it I'm just kind of like
normal makeup and then have on my Zara
coat coat my scarf is from made well I
got this maybe like 18 months ago really
like it because it has like holes in it
that's you sort of the scarf have holes
in it's cold today
no but it's still warm it's style like
migrated from H&M which is my fave my
holey jeans they're not like big holes
and then M&S boots Tversky anything new
and I would go now otherwise I miss my
face I've arrived in London as you know
many breakfast yet because they don't
have
she talked about was earlier than I need
to be I have
which is in Covent Garden so I'm going
to go shopping right and we just got
some uh subscribe and it's raining what
a miserable very gray day anyone with an
umbrella they've heard on this coat is
ridiculous so big even on the most
dreary of days it's comic garden is
always so effective at Christmas
look at the tree its enormous and the
market they have giant bubbles love it
christmas is coming
that's it
and then they changed it back to
playschool and I'm actually really close
about it it is a South American Japanese
much like if you guys watched October
when I was in Chicago we went to an
amazing place in Chicago I am still a
miserable day is this foot street I
think this is Fred Street I think it's
up here here it is I still had no
breakfast I'm super super hungry and I'm
gonna eat everything
amazing foods right
it's very beautiful around the corner
and we are in this little area very nice
and I have one macaroon because I had
the biggest lunch ever but I couldn't
not have a macaroon I'm good I am on my
way to the style Christmas party which
is in winter one dragon in High Park I
have never been here before how this has
been a perfect four years something like
that a long time I have a bit so I'm
very excited
walking into the Angels Christmas market
right now and there's lots of little
store might not for a brothers may be
amazing this stars everywhere feeling
some festive Christmas is in 20 days oh
yes it is
we're in the Bavarian village drinking
mulled wine
like Barney we tell you look at this it
is a challenge
a massive I have managed to get dragged
into ice skating we could please to pull
over here these guys one holds either
hand when I go on the ice because I am
not very skilled I have to say I have to
say it looks very festive guys if anyone
watching logged was last year at least
Mike's not here because it was not so
good effort he got an A for hanging on
to the side and we're on the move
oh yeah baby sausages walking back to
the car park through the park and I went
to reach for my camera look you can see
winter wonderland we didn't know what
any right it was basically been raining
and we all look a bit crazy crazy hair
we're on our way to Becky's car all soft
I'm catching a lift home I had the
biggest sausages in the world is our
hotel yeah I see Nathan I want what is
it is it a Hilton yeah I got really
scared of heights is really hard nothing
nothing nothing nothing nothing free
though I'm in the back of Baxter
Rooney's car we're having a little road
she's still got Creepo catalyst front as
well it's quite die on there don't know
PC but yeah on our way home feeling
quite tired now to be honest after a few
bold wines and giant sausage and
sauerkraut it was delicious
we had a really fun evening and yeah on
my way home spike now I think he's been
robbed me I just spoke to my phone and
he'd been out for dinner with Matt the
man that had rescued my card in the
night and I think he's a bit like
because I have me at home how much the
last few days I'm home I brought some
chums with me Holly's never met piglets
before she's so excited my god she's so
small it's better say piglet has a few
admirers today which quid thinks she's
got admirers they're actually just
fighting over a toilet right now what
are you doing to keep hold of it you two
are crazy but piglet here I just got a
text message asking myself when you fell
over Mike I just got a text message from
my friend
Elle who I actually didn't realise Elle
or all that glisters 21 if you guys
don't watch Elle's videos you're crazy
but yeah she just texted me and says how
cute piglet was and how much she was
enjoying vlogmas i was chatting to becky
i didn't realize ellis broken her back a
couple weeks ago and is really really
poorly and is on a lot of bed rest
apparently so this is a message for Elle
if you're watching vlogmas day 4 we hope
you feel ok and you're getting attitude
piglet sends all of her leg she says get
well soon and if I could come away to
America I would give you a big cuddle
but she can't because she's only a
sausage dog yeah but yeah so I hope you
feel better that's probably gonna be it
for today guys I'm so tired
I think it's is it might midnight yeah
it's completely not yes um so yeah
that's it say see you again tomorrow up
bright and early to do some cooking
tomorrow I'm in your car because you
left the station I did cuz Becky gave me
a lift
that's it a four
