good morning lovely people and welcome
to vlog Toba day 31 it's the final day
of October but as a special surprise and
treat for you guys we are gonna be
vlogging the whole weekend and putting
it into one vlog because today Mike and
I are on our way on a secret adventure
we basically had our anniversary in at
the end of August and as my gift to Mike
I said to him I'm gonna take you on a
weekend away
I mean booked a weekend away in Norfolk
on I think we were meant to go on
October the 18th that weekend and I had
to cancel it because of work because I
was doing the Wired panel and that made
me really sad but on the plus side Royal
Caribbean actually got in touch with us
the same week I think I think it was the
same week and said hey do you want to
come on a trip with us and check out our
new ship and I was like yes never been
on a ship before and I'm super super
excited I've never like stayed over on
the sea so that's what we're doing this
weekend we're currently in South Hampton
we're actually driving through the
university right now this is what it
looks like on our way to the docks and
yes we're gonna take you guys along with
us they've got tons of stuff planned for
us so I'm super excited
mike is driving as per usual and we've
currently been in the car for about
three hours so we are a little bit over
excited to get out of the car and so
we've arrived in our room this is a room
there's Mike what are you doing are you
having a little snooze on the rez I'm
gonna do a little room talk it's
actually quite cool I have literally
never been in - I want to call it a
cabin but they call them state rooms
which sounds very sassy so I've never
been in one before and it's actually
really cute so I'm gonna give you a
little tour there's the door that you
come in here's the bathroom which looks
very snazzy
I think this ship has never actually the
shower as cool as it looks like curved
the ship's never actually sailed
anywhere before is brand new so we are
christening the toilet and the shower
like you know what else I really like
there's two wardrobes one for me and one
for you
so you can keep all of your stuff in
there okay you can see no you have you
have the safe and you have shelves
whereas I have hanging space and shoe
space you are and drawers lots of stuff
boy you don't actually have much stuff
tools then we have all this stuff here a
bags which I'm gonna unpacked and we
have a sofa and the bag and the right
and we have a balcony you check this out
and this is Southampton we haven't
actually left yet but I think we are
leaving at five o'clock and it's now
it's like 2:45 three o'clock I'm going
to show you don't know if you can see
some of the other some anyone on anyone
else's balconies no I don't think so but
yeah so this is Southampton and it is
such a beautiful day today insanely war
it's Halloween
are we doing anything creepy for
Halloween did you bring out I'm tired I
was up early to get here yeah you had to
drive hmm I had a snooze in the car so
yeah I'm gonna get ready now and then
we're gonna head out and explore we're
ready to go out we didn't actually vlog
a little bit this afternoon because I
was doing some work and I was nosing off
the secret kind I don't much like
announcement video will be up yeah when
I upload this one but it might be it's
probably gonna be on the same day so it
might just have to wait maybe should be
a spits Spencer surprised with some
family ash like something's coming the
ports are coming winter is come what are
you wearing MDF and the effing is
wearing a Jay cristiano shirt I'm
wearing a yeah I'm wearing some central
mankind gene yeah nice and Thomas
stripy socks you look very dashing I'm
wearing your thing bin bag just swept in
a bin bag wearing a top shop shirt and a
Coupole skirt it's not very exciting I
packed it like what o'clock in the
morning four to five and my riding boots
and the we are going for a drink a
celebratory drink because it's celery
weekend away and look at all my best
guys that's crazy you can feel all the
way down and probably all the way up to
huh our list is gonna come down there's
gonna be people in it and then it'll be
really embarrassing look at the
sculpture guys it's so cool I want this
in my house all the time
that's great I don't know but it looks
so cool it's so sparkly it's mesmerizing
to the size how's that sound we are
currently enjoying a nice glass of wine
cheers Miller happy anniversary too late
guys look at this awesome artwork it's
made out of comic books I think it's
probably only the coolest things I've
seen and there's three of them
this one the circle they're so cool oh
yeah it's a notice that so this is my
date for the evening hello we're
currently in a restaurant called silk
which is like Asian fusion or pan-asian
I don't know the difference in pan Asian
and Asian fusion so like it's the same
thing all sounds amazing
but we're like in the far corner of the
restaurant and there's nobody here so
it's almost like we've got the whole
thing to ourselves not gonna lie
slightly romance if only you'd planned
it and you would get the credit but you
ain't down you find it no but yeah this
is the menu and I don't know what is
going on with the lighting on my camera
it is crazy it doesn't like lighting in
here I might get a cocktail look at this
guys we have some amazing starters wings
tacos these things are just fried and
delicious is it is it Taco Tuesday taco
Friday everything is awesome and these
are crab rangoon the main course has
arrived
look how amazing this looks sea bass
with noodles microstate
it's amazing I'm a big descender look at
where the chieftain that was a whole
part that was a whole pile of my
allegiance I think he might some hair in
your tummy they were so good
okay so Mike has decided that he wants
to find dodgems however I think we're
too late for dodging I think it's a
disco and there's an arcade oh dear Mike
there's no one on the judges face what
you and me together we're currently da
Jemaine with two people
dodging ring with two peoples not so fun
a running away there's more people
I can that was awesome I wish there a
little bit faster day I think I'm
getting more people doing dodgems on
your own is actually quite fun because
you're basically just going against each
other now until we go C Mon mirin and I
want C to figure out here it looks
pretty cool out here but I think you
might be chilly I think we might need a
jacket I don't think it's that bad
should we go and test it out if you go
for a drink at the sky bar you see up
there that one
fine the sky is that we're leaving
Southampton behind we're currently on
which deck is the skydiving simulator
thing that we're going on tomorrow
understood I'm nervous and there's a
surfing simulator Mike Mike Mike try I
don't know how to belt it looks I'm not
very good sir
they even this kind of evening looks
scary but we're gonna do it we're gonna
go Mia now
most the time it's time I'm gonna go on
the running track she were on the
running car there's a running track all
the way around the top deck imagine if
you came for an evening run and there's
just like all these people standing
around
so just got back to our room and what is
really cool is that you can now see that
we're going and we are by the ocean
there's the moon that's it from us guys
we will see you day to a little weekend
away and might've been watching Top Gear
because I've been taking ages to get
ready I just wanted to show you guys the
view that we woke up to this morning
camera just we actually slept with the
curtains open so that we could wake up
to this which is pretty amazing and yeah
there's another boat in there can you
see him like there someone pretty cool
and there's another nice day today we
are going skydiving a little bit nervous
so let's go get some breakfast I always
choose the way this combination whenever
there's a buffet I'm always like hash
browns eggs figs and watermelon and
ketchup with writing very still
underneath
need your sexy helmet
we did it how is that light are you free
them so weird it's like my can I just
found
we've just been walking along with that
very personally and then we get so we've
come into the solarium which is very
fancy but we're trying to work out if we
can get down here but we don't you can't
this is the this is the view from the
front powering the way to see you
we found the teenage room to be honest I
don't see why this is for teenagers are
not for everybody
I'm 19 ager these beds you can sit and
watch TV well this is this is just like
it and educational things about the ship
but you can watch TV and you can see out
of the window and you're basically like
in bed it's a super cool we found a
snappy little cafe focus camera for
lunch and I just got a salad made for me
wish it was delicious from here
with just both of these peanut butter
chocolate cup I may have my cousin Bubba
what do you you guys are my brothers
what did you order
Oh some wait and see fire that's my
favorite kind of fun so this is what
wait and see pie looks like it's kind of
like a mini in dull pizza what is it
it's like okay it's like a telescope
destroy cheese looks really good I
wonder if those people will actually
think that it's called way to see pie
I am currently on my way to the 6th 8th
15th deck to know on the North Star
you all and really excited about it
actually just been doing some writing
downstairs and mike has been hanging out
with Zoe George I shouldn't really cool
to hang out with because I haven't
really caught up with so in a long time
but I've never met George before so yeah
that's it what we're going on can you
see it's like a it kinda looks like a
London Eye body Corey's here now it goes
up in the air we do
actually no I don't feel T scan you can
see the whole ship all the way down to
the Big Bear that's where we were last
night all the way down there and the
pool is no one in the pool could
probably see France if it was de France
right now so we've just been for a
couple of drinks and I was running back
to the room which is here we have the
technology and with sleep you have a
bracelet on that since you're bringin
order like it's like a spy we've just
found this on the way to dinner which I
did not realize was here did you see
suddenly when I was with you if it
closed oh my god that's I should be
scared come on you can do this senator
senator than before I'm really going
that's actually no don't jump that's
pretty scary okay you can jump like this
but try and jump off here into there can
you do it
ah you're not scared at all hope this
maybe it is it's like 15 floors up right
it's law that is cool I like that I
wished her down on every floor but maybe
someone else do we do this honey think
so so we're sitting here having a nice
romantic evening the stars have arrived
bhai minute it's a double date two
people or we've just like no it's good I
love it the double date is happening
with this is actually it's like food
taste the decadent food but lighter
which i think is good after last night
we had quite a happy meal we've got some
pizza we've got some salad with beef fat
beef but some really good dust and
chicken and I don't know what that is
that looks kind of like gherkins so it
makes you want to eat it main causes
arrived I've got some tasty tacos
apparently they have raw tuna in here
like you can just see it the bottom very
much looking forward to that and I have
had a few notes on the side the lighting
here is crazy idea apologize guys you
can see to both your state couple steak
it's a cowboy rub stay we rub it's been
sent to a row by the cowboy
and Mike's gone for the galley option
and then got salmon it's quite a manly
sized portion it is said very much
things the very side salad on
look at our new friend this is Mike's
new girlfriend she's gone back on our
way back to the room after a fun night
we just went into the music area watch
some live music we're going to bed I
think that's pretty much it for a little
trip we are then to bed now it's like
1:00 in the morning and such a desk rest
we've stayed out really late and yeah we
get into South at tonight thinking about
7 o'clock tomorrow so we will see you
bright and early so it's Sunday morning
and it's time to go home I'm sad I lost
my voice a little bit last night from so
much ethics I'm sounding bit hoarse but
even we're going look it's rainy and
grey but yeah we're all packed up and
went on the way out RTG ready to go
bye-bye quantum of the Seas we're home
and reunited with you and treacle he's
under the table and Piglet who's got it
he's got a boon Piggy's gonna burn in
their piggy-wiggy that's it for frog
typo guys it is the end the final video
but I'm gonna be doing vlogmas this year
so if you want to see more daily blogs
make sure you subscribe if you're
already and I will be back daily
vlogging in December and there might be
a few extra things in between so keep
your eyes peeled thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you soon bye good
morning guys is vlog Stover day 13 I'm
starting my vlog today
past midday I know I'm naughty but I
have been meeting my accountants this
morning which
