good morning guys it's flopped over day
29 silly the end of October I'm sad but
it is currently 6:30 and I've been up
for an hour I'm really nervous and when
I'm nervous I can't sleep
I've just been thinking about everything
going over it in my head like 50 million
times and now it's finally time to wake
up so I just eventually switch the light
on and was like okay I'm not going to
sit in the dark on my laptop like doing
vlog videos any longer because it's just
weird so I'm just about to get in the
shower I'm wearing my VidCon t-shirt
from last year oh yes I am and I am
going to put on a face mask and we're
using the Askia Renaissance face mask
which is amazing especially if you're
getting ready for an event so hopefully
this will make my skin look shiny and
you and now it looks scary so done my
hair and makeup and they actually have
hair and makeup there but I always like
do a basic face just in case something
awful happens up they don't have time or
there's not someone there or they're ill
whatever only short-staffed I don't know
I just want to make sure that but make
all my face just in case and I just
straighten my hair and then hopefully
that we have to give me a bit of a rush
because I didn't bring many products
with me but I'm still trying to decide
which dress to wear this is dress number
one which is from Karen Millen and I
really really love this I love the color
and I love the details like on the
shoulder and here I think it's very
pretty but I don't think it's the most
flattering in terms of like figure I
think it makes me look a little curvy so
I'm not sure so this is option number
one obviously when I wear heels as well
but I don't have this on yet because I
just painted my toenails so yeah this is
dress number one and then this is dress
number two which I don't like as much I
think the print is a little bit mumsy
but I do think it's more flattering and
the sleeve length is a bit better as
well as a bit more covering I think I'm
gonna go for this one her decisions I
went for the flattering one over the one
I preferred and I actually think it
looks quite cute I've got my little belt
on which are always where and just in
plain black shoes so that is it guys my
cab is outside here we go
so I'm in the grave right now just some
hair makeup done still feeling really
nervous
we just finished and now we are leaving
my favorite thing in the whole shoot is
the star on lift but yeah it went really
well I think and so many of you guys
treated me so thank you if you treated
me it was totally amazing and thank you
for everybody who took screenshots and
all that jazz and tweet it to me now I'm
going around London with my giant bag
all afternoon
and I'm gonna take this dress back as
well as learning and I'm wearing the red
one oh good it's the best thing ever
when you finish things you like really
nervous about it's almost like do it we
press the bug yeah I'm not going
anywhere
it's almost like when you come out of an
exam and you just have that like and now
brief moment and it just feels really
good so we're gonna go get some lunch
now and then I have facial this
afternoon actually from talking about
skincare or warning which it's actually
gonna be really interesting I'll talk
more about that later
so I am currently walking on Regent
Street
My partner Bella so I'm just getting wet
I'm going to you a facial our Informer
amazing it's kind of a strange story
because I met the lady was called the
really pretty loving I met her at
and she does these specifications
important amazing which go companies and
expect
basically she looks at your face and
your fees in credit time
skin problems I spelled it real
interesting I got chatting with her on
the night and
she was telling me about what she did
and then she invited me in to test out a
facial and see what I thought so and go
along to that today and I've heard
really good things my friend Reid who is
has a lot really Britney raves about her
so I'm really excited I'm not normally
like facial and fanatic but I do quite
like the idea of linking it to your
feeds and like your kind of life and
health issues and like
I'm walking down Regent Street and like
you said it's rainy it's miserable I'm
so glad that there's life three stops
over because I get so nervous and taking
my red dress back saved myself a lot of
cash so I'm feeling good about that and
then I was meant to be having a meeting
at five o'clock it's currently about how
pasta - it was meant to be having a
meeting at five I seem that it's got
canceled now so I may be able to get
home a little bit earlier than expecting
see Mike which
as I had about four hours sleep last
night and home not feeling too fresh so
if literally just come out of my
treatment with Murray and it was totally
amazing like I don't really enjoy
facials or massage it is very often but
I honestly feel like so relaxed the most
relaxed I've ever felt in my entire life
and it's incredible because she does
something called
I think it's good no Essex therapy where
she looks at your face and your feet and
basically tells you lots of things about
yourself that you didn't know I'm not
gonna go into much detail but basically
I need to switch off a bit more which I
don't do and I find very hard but yeah
honestly the most incredible incredible
experience I've ever had as treatment
normally like I said I just find it
really hard really hard to relax but
yeah totally incredible and I would
definitely recommend it so if you are in
the market for that kind of thing I will
pop the CFL's below I think I'm also
gonna do like
blog review because I feel a bit spaced
out at the moment so I can't really like
you fully about how amazing people but I
am now about to walk onto Meeting Street
which is at least certain place around I
think i'ma jump in a cab because I just
feel totally spaced
and I'm gonna go home and some wine
which should be exciting so I've just
got home to some very excited puppies I
got for home about 50 minutes ago so
there are no longer excited but don't
know where they are actually guys
they're just weird number one number two
and I'm not sure why three three key is
but they were super super excited when I
go home piglet especially gets so
excited when you get back it's the
cutest thing ever and she's going
through a bit of a biting phase at the
moment aren't you naughty pig so yeah I
just cooked myself some dinner Mike is
upstairs but I'm sure he'll come down
say hello a minute
I've made myself a little bit of pumpkin
soup this is um the Covent Garden like
soup of the month they always do like a
different soup a seasonal soup every
month and this is their like Halloween
one spicy Christian goulash so I'm going
to eat that now I'm feeling and probably
looking very greasy because the like
head and shoulder massage oil wasn't
happening my hair it's probably very
good for my head that's but yeah I got a
vlog a bit later so because Mike is here
any might have something to say but that
is all for now sir somebody yeah but
still working yes
are you bored come on get him about hey
yeah look that's good I'm a bit naughty
today what do you do
boots updates there are new flute seeds
not only things easy
so you gonna show me you're gonna do a
whole video at all it's alive for video
this bikes all videos like one thing the
boy hall look at those boots yeah dudes
boots you know why I had to buy these
can you prove the last ones you to do
last ones last year because hashtag
winter's coming winter is coming you
know what else is coming II think my
house come on soon no no when it's no
good have anything on not answer it
someone has discovered the stairs and
she's not allowed to do stairs so I give
you the evil eye seeing of it is a giant
lush haul this week I am going to use a
lush platform today and this is the I
don't this isn't cool the Northern
Lights one the purple one is Northern
Light I remember the name of this
for this performed by light so let's
watch what it looks like what's gonna
happen
quite foamy that looks like pee at the
moment having a little bit of a fizz
banger moment and the ends are keeping
out some kind of brownie litter to be
honest I don't think it's the most
appealing looking glass bomb but it
smells really really great I'm pretty
sure I didn't finish my bulb last night
because I passed out on the sofa after
my super chillaxing lush bath so I hope
you guys enjoy today's blog and I will
see you guys tomorrow which is actually
today bye hey guys and welcome to
everyday 28 today my kitchen is an
unruly mess I'm heading to London it's
actually about 11 o'clock I've been
doing admin or morning which come hi I'm
sure I'm not the only one that gets
really really frustrated on hold
