hey guys and welcome to vlog everyday 28
today my kitchen is an unruly mess I'm
heading to London it's actually about 11
o'clock I've been doing admin or warning
which come hi I'm sure I am not the only
one that gets really really frustrated
on hold when I'm trying to redo like
phone contracts or with the bank so I've
basically been doing that one morning I
have got my new phone contract sorter
because it actually ends at the end of
November so like I have to sort out this
month or like before so I can sort out
the new contract or whatever phone
contracts are not fun has to be done
like once every two years but so I've
done that this morning and lots of like
admin e-banking stuff and this afternoon
I'm off to London because I'm on this
morning tomorrow I have I have to be at
the studio at 7:30 so I'd have to leave
home at like 4:00 in the morning or
something ridiculous to make sure I got
there on time so I'm staying down in
London tonight in a hotel and I am going
to meet SN Emilia for a drink
so afternoon I've got to go to the bank
and I've also I'm meeting my best man
and his girlfriend so for dinner I think
we should be nice balancing him in ages
that's a good point actually I must
remember his birthday present I'm just
saying goodbye to my little bears oh I'm
gonna miss you squidge
I'm gonna miss you every time I try to
go further away she comes closer and now
she is on top of me I'm gonna miss you
little boo-boo squid your reboot Oh evil
down there baby Louise a downer I love
you piggy oh I'm gonna miss you guys
where's treacle here she is hey Twiggy
trues oh she's grumpy these two are so
cute together
so I was just taking the dogs for a walk
around the house before I left and I
noticed this was on the doorstep I don't
know what it is but it says happy
Halloween from Google on the top let's
have a look and see what's inside it's
not a pumpkin I thought it was gonna be
a pumpkin there's a box oh here's a
pumpkin just don't press that that okay
it says use this for your first hangout
hangout on air
I think find out how dig a little deeper
let's have a look I don't think I can
open this with one hand maybe I can my
skills are opening things with one hands
have definitely improved this month yeah
it's a snazzy webcam I've never had a
snazzy webcam before I've only ever had
the webcam on my computer exciting I'm
gonna leave Mike to set that up because
it looks technical and I will break it
what else is there so this is what was
in the box a pumpkin jelly beans a
Google+ part in a playbook which i think
is like a guide to Google+ a sharpie and
a webcam so I'm not actually at home a
holo on Halloween so I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to do a hangout there
maybe I'll be able to do one soon with
my new webcam thanks google that is
super cool I am a little bit late now
for my train because I just got a call
from the producer this morning to go
through my little segment tomorrow which
has made me really nervous but I'm going
to jump in the car now and head to the
station and go to London I'm gonna miss
the doggies I have arrived in my sexy
hotel room this is what my hotel room
looks like I'm basically in a Travelodge
tonight so it's quite basic but the
sheets actually look quite nice I'm like
Oh tempting but yeah this is my room
let's do a little room tour this is the
room this is the bathroom
don't another and that's the rest of the
room and this is the window which for
some reason this blind like doesn't shut
so they want you to be in like darkness
all day long so I just tucked it behind
there that's some natural light in got
some nice autumn autumn leaves out the
window and also an outfit of the day for
you as well because I have a actual
clean mirror for once so I haven't done
much with my hair I had I put my lush
hair mask in this morning it's actually
so nice I left it in for like an hour
the Schwann Wenhua i think is how you
actually say it which I put in my whole
video which I've got lots of
recommendations and good reviews from
you guys that's so nice
then I have on my j.crew necklace my
makeup is pretty basic I just got my
Chanel lighting the aquifer
I'm looking a bit like gray under the
eyes should enough mostly America
foundation a little bit of concealer my
Daniel Sandler watercolor blush a little
bit of eye shadow from my Marc Jacobs
palette just a tiny bit and then my
Lancome mascara and then I have on my
jumper from j.crew which I got in
Chicago and I actually wish I bought
this in size smaller because it's a
little big like on this bit like I quite
like the arms being baggy but it's a bit
like baggy baggy anyway I still really
like it and then I have my denim shirt
which is from wrath friend I bought this
probably over three years ago and it's
like 30 pounds best purchase ever
because I've worn it so much then I have
all my sorry jeans which I wear like the
whole time and my riding boots and then
I have my saline bag as well and that is
it I'm gonna go and locate some food now
because I'm hungry and I actually heard
from my friend Dodge who was Mike's best
man I told you about earlier he actually
can't do dinner anymore but hopefully
I'm gonna grab him for coffee at some
point and yes I'm gonna do some
uploading and that is it I've managed to
acquire some sushi for lunch it's about
4 o'clock and how many lunch yet but
this looks seriously tasty I'm gorgeous
here looking really smart look at this
suit and you are eating less than me
which I'm slightly worried about
I've just been stuck in a vine for
another
thirty minutes trying to close an
account which actually takes Egypt and
it's super annoying right I'm on my way
to meet SN Emilia for a drink I'm a bit
late luckily to you like I said but I
want to show you guys it's almost like
back to summer I am sitting here with a
nice pot of Moroccan mint tea and I
focus I'm like why she is she has been
focused and Emilia and we are just
having catch ups over tea and it's dark
already depressing but yeah that's all
that's happening you guys have just
eaten in life avocado toast
what was this juice by the way it looks
pretty good this was beets and carrots
and healthy it is like scary now it
tasted like dirt I was like ugh so I
popped across the road to Liberty's to
do a little bit of Christmas gift guide
shopping looking because when I love
coming up to the top cover the thoughts
because they have the cutest stairs and
I found a few things in the stationery
section where I found the Christmas
section I think I did this with my mum
on the last day of October last year and
now I'm back just my favorite thing ever
if you guys watch last year though
you'll have seen it but I know it's too
early for Christmas but it's amazing oh
my god guys look at these sausage dog
Christmas tree decorations not getting
one though because they are 18 pounds
really I mean it's funny but I'm not
sure I'd want him on my tree pig looks
cute enough this one actually looks like
piggy yet so I managed to get quite a
few things my gift guide which I'm
really
sometimes it can be quite difficult to
fill up in the three videos or like just
to find the right things so I found a
few things for that which I'm good I'm
happy around and now I'm heading to
Whole Foods to grab some dinner I'm not
going out there anymore like I said I
saw Dodge I just got dropped rain on I
saw George earlier for lunch instead so
I'm gonna go tell food until I can find
going to Whole Foods is always a massive
gimmick for me because we don't have it
anywhere near I live where I live so
it's always very exciting I'm actually
super woman on this might have let's
take my jumper off because I was so warm
I wasn't even wearing a jacket really
November I'm not really sure what's
going on but it's definitely not normal
but it's good stuff my hotel room and I
want to show you guys what I got for
dinner because I would get excited by
Whole Foods oh I got a message from my
channel so I actually got quite a few
things so they've got a couple of things
with breakfast tomorrow as well because
I'm getting up super early but I got a
Greek salad which looks actually really
yummy I love Greek salads even though
they're not that interesting like
they're more like a side salad I really
love them and then I also got the fish
monger special of the day which is some
kind of like mussel salsa which is
leaking a little bit should not have
this on my bed I'm gonna put those on
top of that because I thought that would
be tasty then I have some watermelon
juice which is actually really hard to
find in like normal supermarket I'm not
sure how far that vlog went because my
camera just like shut down weirdly but
anyway I got watermelon juice because I
drank it like every now my honeymoon I
reminds me of my honeymoon and I saw it
and I thought that will take me down
memory lane and then I also got a Ziva I
don't if I'm gonna drink this tomato a
lot but a grape flavored one to try and
then I got a Chia pod for either for
putting depends how hungry I am after
eating that or for breakfast tomorrow
and then I also bought some of these
wasabi wheatgrass kale chips that I ate
earlier in the week so they're really
really yummy and I don't know where I'll
spine from I'll probably eat those as a
snack later tomorrow after the shoot and
I also got another dress from Zara as a
potential for tomorrow I think I'm gonna
decide tomorrow which one I'm gonna wear
I might actually tweet about it and
do it on Instagram see what you guys
think this is one that's read and then
there's one it's a floral print and I'm
gonna take whichever one I don't write
back but it's kind of tricky for stuff
on TV because I want to cover my arms
because quite often it's like an
unflattering shot or something you don't
have control of it and I don't
necessarily want my arms out like
squished whatever if it's from a bad
angle so yeah and I want it to be like
the right length and all that kind of
stuff so I I'm gonna decide probably
tomorrow morning which one I'm gonna
wear and then yeah that would be it also
some other stuff that I got from Liberty
a few things are Gift Guide things but I
picked up these really cute little
Diaries and notebook for my friends this
one has bicycles on it and it's from my
friend Lauren for Christmas because
she's like obsessed with bikes and I
always I try not to do Christmas
shopping until November but if I see
something that is like so perfect for
them I just want to buy it and then
because I might not see it again and
then this one that says Ciao Bella it's
a little notebook that has a Vesper on
it and my friend Izzy has or is just
about to get a Vespa so I thought that
would be a cute gift for her and then I
also got these which I just couldn't
resist
one of them is for a friend that has a I
didn't realize these are different
colors one of these is for a friend has
a sausage dog as well I'm just gonna put
it in there Christmas card as a little
gift and then the other one is for me
which I just thought was funny and then
this again is for Lauren for Christmas
Lauren if you're watching this damn you
you've seen your Christmas present
because she came to New York with me
this year and I thought she would like
this it's kind of cute she likes
stationary as well I'm like a big
stationary person so yeah it's like the
Big Apple sticky notes and it has lots
of New York stuff liberties stationery
section is such a good place to buy
little gifts from so I got a few things
from there and then a few secret things
for the Christmas gift guide which
you'll have to wait and see right I'm
gonna eat my dinner now and do some
editing it's about half-past eight so I
will see you probably pry go to bed in
my PJs I just noticed this it's a classy
moment for the Travel Lodge when you
have a bottle opener on the Society for
the desk I just think that's really
hilarious to be quiet for you
if you want to open a bottle but I just
thought it was quite fun it's about
Hoffmann now and I just wanted to switch
on the camera and say good night to all
I've just been editing away and yeah
I've got quite a bit more work to do and
I also feeling like really really
nervous it's so funny like even though
I've done it before and other people
they are all really nice and there's
like no one in the studio but I just get
nervous when it's live stuff so I don't
usually sleep very well the night before
but I hopefully I'll manage to get some
sleep I also want to show you my pajamas
I'm wearing these hilarious Christmas
leggings I bought in Primark the other
day they're actually so thick and cozy
again a little bit early for Christmas
but I think they're really cute and I
couldn't resist them look at this happy
little face that's it hey guys I will
see you again tomorrow bright and early
and probably peeing my pants for nerves
yeah that's it I'll see you guys
tomorrow
that's love bye good morning everybody
and welcome to vlogs over there 27:37
and today i am eating spicy beetroot for
breakfast because I'm just weird like
that
