good morning everybody and welcome to
blogeee day with a 27 from 7 and today I
am eating spicy beetroot for breakfast
cuz I'm just weird like that and there's
three puppies in the corner today I have
a filming day so I've got two videos to
film and then I've got to edit and
upload them and then we're going to
upload them up my sister so I'll
probably see my sister - today I'm gonna
make a cup of coffee in my new sausage
dog mug someone you're not saying
impressed about the sausage dog mug
growling you shouldn't be sitting up
here you naughty pussycat you ya didn't
want me to buy the sausage on mug I
didn't listen and I bought it anyway and
I'm gonna put coffee in the tin and then
drink coffee out of the mug and it's
gonna be brilliant coffee out the Tim
that would be crazy and whilst I'm
drinking coffee or making coffee I'm
gonna put this our Taylor Swift's new
house is out today I've just listened to
it once through and it's freaking
amazing my favorite song is blank space
so far I also like style I like welcome
to New York my least favorite is
probably how you get the girl I don't
really know why but everything else is
like amazing I just listened to the
bonus stuff as well all really really
good very exciting mike is not excited
you like dancing great
no biggie
if you dance around things she like das
beste so I've just finished filming I
had a bit of a mare today I just don't
know why I like I just couldn't get my
words out probably so it's taken me ages
to film and I think the dogs are still
chillin in here they are honestly such
monkeys squid has been in the background
trying to oh she's move now actually she
was here she made like a little spot for
herself and it's been sitting in the
back of my videos I'm guessing she's
somewhere where have they gone there she
is
and I would think people it'll be a Miss
Borland was her favorite spot Oh guys
you have in chuckles editing time now
guys boring that's the boring part you
know it something really really really
really really exciting has just arrived
it looks like this you can't see any of
the labeling but on the other side that
basically says my name is dress and now
that's from Google so I think this size
of a big package from Google may well be
or could well be my 1 million subscriber
play button and I've been waiting for
this for so long I'm so excited and I'm
gonna open it with you guys if we can
open it I think it's like super duper
heavy in the end oh my god I'm gonna
have to pull it up here huh Matt if this
isn't the play button I'll be so sad
there's a big box hang on a minute I'm
gonna get the box out the moment of
truth if I can get open one-handed just
shame I give him here to help me film
says dear flared force you delivered the
audience now we're delivering the broad
that YouTube you set the gold standard
by passing 1 million subscribers so
please accept our congratulations this
gold play button to commemorate your
achievement yes piglet yes we know
you'll continue to create amazing
content to add to bring in more fans so
we'll keep looking for new ways to
reward you thanks for being awesome Tom
Pickett global head of content
operations at YouTube let's have a look
at this bad boy I am so excited I have
actually seen one of these before Elle's
house when I was visiting her but it
literally is so awesome to have her own
one look wiglet look how amazing it is
it's so cool it's so cool thank you guys
for being awesome I love you I just got
changed because I'm heading over to my
sister's house it habl√≥ but then I'm
going straight to circuits class after
that so I just got changes my gym gear I
thought we'd do a little gym outfit of
the day I have a scarf on I don't wear a
scarf in the gym obviously this is just
going outside and it is cold this is a
loop cashmere scarf I got last Christmas
from a company called elastin CL and
they have a little shop in London just
next to Selfridges but I just really
liked it I wore it loads last year as
well and then I have on this zip up
Hoodie which is from Lululemon I
absolutely love this because it is just
like long and I just thought I like the
way it fits and I love the color and
then underneath here I have on a GM
t-shirt from Victoria's Secret which is
like a bright blue turquoise it's not
her it's like literally bright blue and
then I have on some Lululemon
full-length these are a bit dog hair on
them as well because you can't get away
from white dogs when you have black
clothes on but these Lululemon and then
my trainers are my Nikes that I got on
sale when I was in Santa Monica I love
them I got like $60 and they are the
coolest trains ever and that is my gym
outfit of the day I'm having
I think I'm gonna go and pick up my mum
first and then we're heading over to my
sister's to do some uploading so I'm
gonna try and get my video up today and
then edit my other video and get that
upstate also have a vlog to upload so
fast internet is in order
I just got to my sister's and the kiddos
have been making biscuits and they're so
tasty did you make these lilies B did
you make these hello hello say hello
you see you'll say hello we've just left
my sister's and on our way home and I
told you Mike would ring me it's ringing
me Mike screaming you but I want to show
you guys I got Taylor Swift's album in
person as well as buying it online
because I am such a geek this excites me
greatly and we got some really tasty
food for dinner I bought some monkfish
which I've never cooked your home before
but I'm in an experiment and hopefully
oh it's gone dark hang on a minute yeah
so hopefully it will be tasty I'll find
out when I get home got to go to a
circus tonight and they have about an
hour so we've got a hotfoot at home just
hit service class and I'm feeling
exhausted Mike is here and he is forcing
they need to listen to the football on
the radio don't my boy boys permission
and some girls probably like for all of
the radio or any sport the radio really
I just find it really noisy and
confusing as it
let's you do in the background right now
so I'm gonna stop blocking but basically
we're heading over to my parents house
right now cuz Mike's new phone has
arrived smug kids getting sick and I've
got all of my food at my feet ready to
cook dinner at Mike's parents house
which is going to be a tasty feast just
you wait and see so this is the little
pass that I've made I've got a full
Phillip monkfish with some ginger and
garlic and butter and ham wrapped in
half I think it's gonna be good not sure
what Mike is gonna think of this but
this is what it looks like I think it
looks tasty
here is the smug new owner of the iPhone
six-plus aka an iPad but you got my iPad
on my face I had four your face yeah
look at it you are way over excited it's
an iPad for your face I've half my face
my Wow on others in other years
yeah is dinner which is good I didn't
think you feel like it but tyranny was
okay that's gonna be able to stay so I'm
super Street guy first equals over at my
parents just loop in there for like a
few hours
gosh it's nearly 11:00 o'clock really
have been there for a while but yeah
we're on our way home now and I'll see
you guys tomorrow I'll go to London by
morning everybody today as he may be
able to tell we get in the car
it's vlog caliber day 25 nearly under
flocked over haven't eaten quite tart
because I've already actually enjoyed it
and I was bit nervous about doing
