good morning everybody today as you may
be able to tell we are in the car it's
vlog caliber day 25 nearly under clock
Toba time I need to quite sad because
I'm pretty actually enjoyed it I was bit
nervous about doing it I haven't done
daily vlogging a major so it's a little
bit of chat for you random and today
Mike and I off to my parents house
because I'm going to visit my uncle and
hospital and I don't know how much of
minions pods they're really so I'm gonna
drug this morning and then obviously not
when I'm visiting and we'll see what
happens but Mike is driving and what did
you say oh what a lovely day beautiful
it's beautiful out there
it is so nice I'm gonna get my motorbike
out and I'm going to go run around
fields and make mud well maybe you
should vlog today then I don't think
with that fun but uh-oh strap a GoPro to
himhe and see what happens so we've
stopped on our way to come for coffee as
one of mums friends and we can yes
centre and they have so many cool things
look at all of these trunks and walking
around like I want that I want that I
want that in my house binoculars look at
all this amazing stuff guys I love these
windows I've been turned into mirrors I
mean that's so cool look what I just
found mum looking at these might be very
worried about you a few other they're
actually quite cute so I didn't end up
coming away with any house stuff but I
did spot these little charms in
Wolfeboro so in the caster's a bit bumpy
in a cabinet on my way out and they were
actually
not very expensive but I just think
they're so cute this one is like an
emergency's on the top mergency great
glass and then it has a 10 in it and
then this one has dice and it's like if
dice in a cage which i think is really
cute you can open the top and take them
out and then there's a key for I think
this is a key for a pocket watch and
then I'm not sure what this is mum do
you know what this is this little one
with the stone in it
I think it's really pretty is it no
really what do you guys think is that
time I move what a really old one it's
definitely not a new temp I may but you
know you can you can have a look compare
it to a temperament and then this has
got her pinky stone on one side and then
a bloodstone on the other side which is
basically like a kind of dark green
color that has little red spots in it so
yeah I thought these were quite cute and
they'll probably end up all being gifts
for Christmas but yeah perfect mom and
dad are freaking out about directions in
the front so I just got back home and I
thought it would be really quick out for
the day before we head out we're
actually going out for dinner tonight
and so I will show you why I'm wearing
this is my outfit a little bit of more
of a close-up the lighting here is not
too bright but I curled my hair using my
GHD classic waving wand this morning
which is like the bigger one I did a
full review of these on my blog a lot of
people ask me actually after all of the
vlogs in Chicago to do a review so that
blog post is up now if you guys were
going to pop out
it is there but that is the kind of
waves that they create which I actually
really really like and then on my face
I actually didn't put that much makeup
on this morning I can probably see it
closed for anyway but I just redid some
eyeliner with my Burberry liquid
eyeliner and the rest is just a little
bit of concealer and some Daniel Sandler
watercolor blush but I put on this
morning and some eyebrows as well and
then this scarf is from Zara last winter
which I absolutely love it because it's
massive and really really warm and then
I have on this jumper which was in my
vlog a couple of days ago from Topshop
which I really love
I just think it's really cozy and it's
quite like it's really baggy but it's
still quite flattering at the same time
because it has the like little arms and
everything I really like it
and then I have my saline bag which you
guys are probably seen before there's
all sort of some s in the background
like edge outs and then I have on my
Zara jeans which are the ones with the
zips here which I still think these are
like the best jeans are the most
comfortable and really flattering and
they'll at 30 pounds which i think is
pretty good and then I also have on
depth over my riding boots these ones on
my Chanel ones which don't come out as
often as they used to because I keep
them for special occasions now but yeah
that is my outfit we're heading out for
dinner and I'll see you guys a bit later
I never finished yesterday's vlog but
what I'm gonna do is combine them into
one major vloggity vlog so this morning
why can I have a really exciting trip to
make basically Mike one 200 pounds of
vouchers for Toys R Us so we are going
to Toys R Us is Sunday mmm actually 20
past 12:00 because the clocks went back
motor Toby chilled morning which means
huh okay it's 20 past 11:00 but it's
really 20 plus 12 because clocks went
back oh my god that is gonna be a
mission we have to change all of these
clocks
I only just realize that that is gonna
be a fact
but yes so we're going to Toys R Us to
buy my nephews their Christmas presents
it's super early but we just got a super
excited about having vouchers but always
our us that we can spend on toys for
them and also we don't want all the good
toys to sell out so we're going to Toys
R Us we're going to home base we're
going to go to Topps Tiles to pick out
some tiles for downstairs loo because
the floor is being redone in there
they're all good right it's time to
change all of these this is gonna be
tedious
I wanted to train my socks for today
which were a gift from Lauren again
Chicago with me so guys remember her
she's gonna be sausage dog socks
hello squeak hello and oh and they have
hearts on the side and then there's a
boy sausage dog all the way around
he's so long the resist so I'm walking
around them inside and they're in the
girls dog he's all around too and then
there's a real sausage dog we are
currently in the Tile Shop checking out
tiles this is the tile that I like
should we get a quote this is what
happens when you get old and boring so
being cute is
second stop I'm staying in this area
please Mike please
we made it over I think you are still
the right demographic for in her life so
we're looking for a car
something car related for Arthur and
something Rhoda robot dinosaure we want
to get spike a robot this one I think
looks really rubbish that was on the top
toys of 2014 list that we're looking at
earlier but I want to get him that
transformers that massive transformer
thing he's quite cool I think he got
some kind of robot for his birthday he
got frisky was it this one that looks
technical robots what have you found
I think you'd like this a mini Ferrari
having a bit of a Transformers moment do
we go for bumblebee or Grimlock what
about this is so cool I found a new
friend Mike's found a new friend too is
that a zombie nerf gun he's too young
for that
you're too old for that we're in M&S kay
lunch granite juice
like in scabbit there we go on discount
grades sorry I'll put it in the bag Mike
selling milk these things are the best
ever sweet chili troops they're so yummy
got some of those for later
and chilli crab cocktail what did you
get water
mr. healthy crisps quick roll chicken
wrap
Percy pigs
Snoopy Snoopy shortbread we're having to
lock away the Percy pigs so that we
don't eat the whole packet because Mike
here was naughty and bought sweetie
they're going in the glove box the
secret compartment of so I may just have
found a dress for Wednesday finally now
we are heading into lush to look at
Christmas done for you whoopsie actually
I may be a lush for coming up so every
year for our Christmas goodbye Mike and
I were silly Christmas jumper so now in
Primark locating the best of the
Christmas jumper Mike is loving it
even if you don't like primer look at
the possibilities Mike fat Santa the
plays music
I found your advent calendar
is it bad if I get in my truck I think
it is bad Mikey food yet and McDonald's
milkshake and we're gonna get very bad
very bad for you I love them I'm not
gonna get one cuz I'm good
look what I found guys sausage dog mugs
someone's not very impressed it's 5 4
pounds and why not about it
we need more mugs we don't but it's got
a sausage it's got a Christmas sausage
dog in it and 25% goes to benardos and
it comes with the tin which have a
coffee in it one more so that was rather
a successful shopping trip it's not
actually that much later now but it
looks later because 7 o'clock but it's
been dark since like 5 because if not to
him back by hate this in winter and if
you guys hate it too let me know in the
comments below it just makes you feel
like wintry and part of it is nice when
you're snuggled up in front of the fire
but if you're out and about and it gets
dark so early it's just miserable to be
honest well we're off your mum's you
know there will be a fire my mum always
how you fire on Sunday nights we've got
all the dogs in the back we're heading
over to mums for I think she's cooking
steak which I really like because
controversially I don't really like
Sunday roasts
I know I know I don't know if I've said
this in vlog before but it does tend to
you don't want to marry you yeah I know
well you know I'm not even a proper
British person how can you not like
something rose
so yes off we go I think my might only
have one Douglas now yeah yeah she's
cooking for four of us it's just me and
Mike mum and dad I'm for some reason and
there are still two puppies in the house
there's still two puppies in the house
this is Terry and then this one is not
going till Thursday we've got you for
another four days yeah as Mike predicted
there is a fire this is like the perfect
Sunday night we've got a fire going
we've got mega amount food and I'm gonna
sit here and eat it's almost like
Christmas already
so it's good night from me good night
from these hooligans we're watching
Downton Abbey and snuggling piglet is so
killed right now and Tricky's over there
with the cat how does it play we'll see
you guys tomorrow I hope you've all had
amazing weekend guys in his vlog Toma
day 23 24 I'm getting so confused with
these days 24 and today it's
