morning guys in his vlog Tober day 23 24
I'm getting so confused with these days
24 and today it's super it's still dark
outside great and I am going to meet my
personal trainer Ali Mike usually comes
to this as well but he's not coming
today because we have Sainsbury's coming
hence the kitchen is a little super
tight inside that's about that part from
that is super clean and tidy spangly
with set for the holes in the floor
he'll it is currently licking her bottom
sorry about that
nice view for the morning and yes I'm
going to do that and then we are cooking
some cool Halloween me stuff today which
I am excited about apart from the fact
that I didn't drink any water for I went
to bed last night and I feel a bit so
I'm gonna down a big glass water and
then go and work out mike is Lone Ranger
cooking right now what you cooking
apples Halloween comes like I say this
way this is one I made earlier mmm and
here's what I made earlier spider
whatever this is behind the scenes of
making honeycomb look at this it's
amazing it's so light as well you're
gonna break it in half now and see what
it's like in the middle oh my goodness
that's great so good
so we've jumped from bonfire night to
Halloween we've gone back in time
check out the decorations looking
amazing
got my witch's hat on and we are doing
some pumpkins I'm excited so the guys
just left and this is what we're left
with so you can expect to see a pumpkin
pie recipe
panicked how amazing it looks I'm gonna
chop off that bit something else you've
not this awesome toffee apples and Mike
may have carved a pumpkin what do you
think this is inspired by guys you'll
have to go and watch the video find out
and then I won't be out probably next
week but yes
hilarious decoration still up so we are
thoroughly Halloweeny
and tonight we're not sure why Joe might
be going out for supper dinner
top pop pop pop supper I've got to
finish my vlog last night
naughty me but we went out and had some
tasty food at the pub with some friends
hanson and images which was nice and now
i just warning or anything to say about
last night it was very tasty we did the
public i said removing what did you have
to eat I had cramps it's not with music
father like this is weird as well
because my kid does not normally eat
things like that and is not a burger my
main father de like her I had a Thai
beef broth for myself and then I had a
result at seafood malate which was good
but pretty heavy and I was stuffed and
now that is gonna be the end of all
goodbye goodbye you look handsome today
hi guys and welcome to vlog today 23
today
I'm off to London Mike very kindly
dropping me off the cars
I'm staying quite late and we'll
probably have a couple of drinks so I
don't leave
