now this is what I call an autumn
morning hello guys and welcome to vlog
tober day 21 today Mike and I walk in
the pups but I'm actually off to London
this afternoon
well this morning I leave it about an
hour because I am doing a little feature
on this morning which is really exciting
but also really scary and if you guys
saw if you're based in UK you might have
seen it last time I did a little beauty
feature on there it was about wacky
beauty trends and this time I'm doing a
skincare thing so it's not live it's
gonna go up next Wednesday I think but
I'm still pretty nervous and we're just
coming for a walk I've got my coffee
with the pheasants and my grouse
lipstick mark on the side Mike's got his
tea with cars on and we have many dogs
as we did last night and yeah that is an
update for today I'm also doing an
interview I think with Radio 4 this
afternoon so yeah come along to London
and we'll see where we get growl is
climbing a tree she is the most stealthy
cat so I'm early for my train once we're
sitting here in the beautiful sunshine
with a cup of coffee and about 10
minutes away but it's quite a nice day
it's one of those days like really crisp
and cold and my eye is giving me so much
Jeff it's been like water drinks I hope
my makeup is gonna stay on okay guys so
I'm in the green room with this morning
right now and I just did my little piece
of camera and actually it wasn't too bad
I was so nervous what I was seeing the
life one last time it's so much better
doing a pre-recorded one I think I'm
actually gonna be potentially in the
studio next week as well live so now I
have nerves all over again this is what
the green room looks like it's actually
green another than that not too exciting
there's the TV and lots of food and
stuff and a lamp and I'm actually trying
to upload all of my vlog videos whilst
I'm in here and I have fast internet
because my intestines I had recently
that is why all of my vlogs are late so
I'm really sorry guys but I'm trying my
best to get them to you ASAP and yeah
I'm not sure what I'm doing that camera
just ran out of battery disaster anyway
I was actually meant to have an
interview this afternoon but we've run
over here so
I'm gonna have to do it again tomorrow
so now I have a load free time in London
what do you do with free time in London
maybe go shopping I may have got a
little bit carried away in Topshop I'm
in addressing this right now this is my
polish my own and there's one more
outside as well I had like 13 things I
also thought I might do a quick outfit
today was him here because I have a
full-length mirror and I have no good
for link murders at home so why not the
mirror is actually pretty dirty but this
is my outfit with my coat on I have my
Marg coat and then underneath limited
girl underneath I have on I forgot to
put my necklace back when I actually got
changed
for this morning thing but I did have
all my j.crew necklace this is from hmm
I've got a Massimo Dutti shirt and a
Topshop miniskirt which I've wanted so
much like worn it to death black tights
and my gos right boots
that is my app developer day in the
dirties never okay so number one fringed
t-shirt I think I quite like this a bit
tucked into my skirt which have like the
massive security tag but I like this I
think it's quite cool in the back yeah
no what do you guys think the next thing
is this waxed shirt which I think I
might need in a smaller size kind of
looks a bit like focusing not too sure
about this woman next door is having a
hilarious conversation as well the next
time I have this like twisted top which
again I think I need a smaller size
because it was really really loose and
this little like skort thing that's
actually shorts at the back I actually
quite like these I think I'm gonna get
this in smaller size and try if I might
them together here and he might quite
cute really like this I'm not sure about
the stress I need something for this
morning next week and I wanted something
at sleeves and I have this dress the
same cut in the same friend of my scalp
so this print which is the same
expression will not be obviously wore
last year if any of you guys remember
but
okay well casual it's time now she quite
like this jumper it's huge it has a
really cool like double necks you tell
and the jeans I like when this is on I
don't like them like this I did pretty
well in Topshop I have a bag and I'm
just walking on walks history I will
leave in about 10 minutes get my train
but someone tweeted me a picture of a
sausage dog handbag but I wanted to get
for my little niece and I think it was
in Primark some reason I don't have a 3g
today it's really annoying haven't had
it all day but on a side note as well
the Christmas lights are up they're not
lit but there are that is exciting I
think they're going to look really cool
this year because they're all just white
balls I like it so I made it to the
train made it back to my car it looks
dust so don't see I'm in a car I am in
my car first thing I noticed when I got
into my car was how amazing it smelt
because you have to see this can you see
that because of I'm gonna take it off
and show you because of this thing the
Bath & Body Works oh my goodness I've
got the Apple Cinnamon Oh pumpkin apple
and it smells so good and the guy when I
was in the shop was like oh cuz I bought
two one for my car with mics and the guy
was like oh it's some three by three get
one free and I was like oh I don't want
to like overstock because I might not
like it I wish I had bought extra now
because I freaking love it it's so
smells so good and I'm trying to like so
I'm actually going straight to the pub
to meet Mike for dinner because one of
our friends is back in town who we
haven't seen in ages so we're going out
for dinner which is nice it's about
three minutes to 8:00 right now and I
was gonna say something else and I
forgot what it was oh I've been
listening I still have my headphone
unless outing a sheiks like half deaf
I've been listening to Taylor Swift's
new song on repeat first time I heard it
I was like not too sure welcome to New
York I was like I'm not too sure now I'm
like obsessed
and every time I listen to it it makes
me want to be in New York because yeah
why wouldn't you because it's called
welcome to New York I'm home
and with Pig Wow nice to see you too
little icky face I do love you
mike has said that I need to vlog now
because he's got something to show me I
don't know what is so what is this on
every occasion that you try and light a
candle you have an issue don't you I
don't realize had a blowtorch because
the blowtorch is my weapon of choice not
yours so instead I have bought you this
Oh candle click at present thank you my
love what else have you got behind your
back that was it oh why he said wait
hands behind your back because Oh check
that out
he knows how to spoil a girl I'm also
doesn't fire lighters if I don't think
that for you there for me really really
well that's gonna be it for today guys
we went out to the pub and actually our
friends Paris joined us too which is
really nice it was delightful because
they're kind of like old family friends
so I've grown up with both of the kids
because they're really close in age and
so we know they're pretty well teased it
was really nice to catch up with them
and yes I'm back off to London tomorrow
for more meetings and Tanya's launch
party today I went to mow the lawns
today and bebe said there was gonna be
no rain it aimed poison rain in London
Hannah
see you guys tomorrow bye click good
morning and welcome to October day 20
and that was kind of x-factor so when
she today I have no make one because I'm
gonna be filming
