hey guys and welcome to vlog 2 every day
21 today Mike and I are having a big
kitchen overhaul this morning Mike is
including the surfaces right now we've
just been tidying it up because our
kitchen was a total mess and still is a
bit of a mess so that is what we're
doing
I'm also cooking some eggs breakfast
obviously that's what I have pretty much
everyday boiled eggs and I'm also making
some of this coffee which I picked up in
HomeSense last night and I forgot to
tell you
cinnamon hazelnut and oh my god this is
making like the whole kitchen smell of
coffee so yummy it smells better than
purposely we actually have my mom's
puppies or all of my mom's dogs coming
again to stay overnight tonight because
my mom is having to go away for the
evening piglet has got a brand new hobby
basically our floor is made up of
something called travertine hello Pig
hello switch which is like a filled
stone and so sometimes the stood the
filling like chips out and you can fill
it back in with grout it's fine but
piglet likes to dig it out and make the
holes herself
don't you Pig just like eggs she is a
naughty puppy so yeah we have hole in
the floor another one of that which
we're gonna have to fill in with grout
because before likes to dig I see you
Pig hey baby
does that cat make a good pillow so
outside and it is super ridiculously
windy why we outside because John says
that we have to come outside this is
John can you remember him from my
wedding photos maybe we made a video
yeah yeah I can remember yeah
what we're doing today John we're just
about to do your head shots try and make
me look vaguely acceptable okay and
we're doing it in front of the garage
door
which is really glamorous obviously
prettiest decided this year's the
photographer assistant of the day big
you're noisy
these are the first pictures guys
they're looking all right you are a
pretty good at this job under that so
John's just left I think we got some
pretty good pictures basically we were
doing headshot site for my website and a
few other things that I didn't have like
official pictures of myself which sounds
like a really weird thing to do but I
mean it's the fan office you probably
can't hear anything but yeah it's just
one of this like things like a lot of
people if they're ever doing it if I'm
never doing like publishing with a
magazine or something like oh do you
have a headshot I'm like I have this
screenshot from my video so now I have
pictures woohoo and I am cooking for
lunch I'm doing like a hot kale salad so
this is actually probably ready to come
out now and I'll show it to you when I'm
finished at the moment it looks a bit
weird and probably isn't it weird
because I basically just taken
everything in the fridge and created
something random with us so this is my
kind of strange salad I think it
actually looks pretty good it's not
really a salad it's kind of just like
veg but it looks tasty in my book I've
got some spinach quite a lot of onions
but that's why I like onions got some
garlic lime juice chilies and courgette
and prawns and kale and spinach and I
have some FIGS probably don't go but I
like figs and I had them in the fridge
so I thought what the heck I'm gonna put
them in I'm gonna eat this now it looks
pretty tasty
we've got problems you did you just make
that hole and it's all cracking over she
scratched it
piglet multi-lane that hole - we got a
problem with you in this plopping it I'm
going to put little rubber bitch
a little rubber boots on your patty paws
you punk yeah it's puppy pandemonium
we've got all the dogs in the house but
tomorrow well they're like oh my
goodness what is going on here there's
puppy
WWE we've got these guys until tomorrow
morning so it's gonna be an interesting
night
squidge is like oh get out of my house
treacle is actually in love with Maddie
and wants her to come
is not not so impressed me when the
puppies she I understand the ceremony
she doesn't want to play with the
puppies she's just all about the older
dogs it's really odd the puppy she's
like you know whatever it's feeding time
at the zoo
these puppies I've never seen so many
dog bowls and so many little excited
doggies
got everyone freshens up for grabs
everyone has enough Lea different things
so the preparation time is heavy yeah
and then fire it off several these
little two is so funny
we've got food madness how are they not
gonna steal all of each other who's
gonna finish first these two other you
as yours Wow's that people you won the
race now she's like who can I steal from
no big I'm just favoring up come on you
this is yours quit you'll miss out big
little eat it take a little eat it look
you mean that one mission accomplished
it's the leaning tower of Dumbo
so we have come outside to walk the dogs
and we are bundled up yeah it is the
most miserable day ever
look at the sky is just gray and
miserable and rainy and super windy but
the puppies are loving it we're ashy we
just might just walk these guys around
the garden that they're going inside now
because they're too small for big war
come on poppy look at this guy's it is
officially awesome there's a ridiculous
amount of leaves it's ridiculous
my whole feet are covered uh what is
going on here YouTube and somebody just
goes where so she's cold she doesn't
tell
um what me yes you'd feelings I see you
I know your game so here on the
grapevine that Mike is cooking dinner
tonight
Slipknot yeah what do we have here
you have potatoes I'm stealing kale
salad with a lot of balsamic vinegar and
peppers what else have we got we got
seven spinach spinach there's always way
too much water in spinach I've been
risky and fun training it and then we
have some chicken I believe which is in
here somewhere
whoa fogging up the crap look at this
yummy chicken
get in my belly it's about half past
nine now and I just finished writing up
the whole post and I'm feeling a bit my
eyes lit up we still have puppy madness
going on in here Phoebe's outside the
door
Oh leave his outside he'll come round
rallies here we've got puppies
everywhere and there's someone's singing
on the TV we're actually watching a new
ish I think no unlike Series three now
on a series to do it seriously watching
peaky blinders anywhere else what's that
it's about Birmingham News and blunders
yeah
about gangs in Birmingham in 1919 now
they're all same it's really loud but
that's gonna be it for today's vlog guys
there's crazy singing on the TV there's
puppies everywhere and piglet is
exhausted we'll see you tomorrow good
morning and welcome to October day 20
and that was kind of x-factor so when
cheering today I have no make one
because I'm gonna be filming
