good morning and welcome to October day
20 that was kind of expected so when she
today I have no make one because I'm
going to be filming a makeup tutorial
and another video and yes I am under a
time crunch I'm going to film edit and
get it up today which means I have to
drive somewhere to upload because we
have poopy internet hello Mike's going
to work I'm going to work and then
coming back to a belter poopies we have
this afternoon we have our three dogs my
mum's two dogs two of the copies because
one of them's gone this weekend and my
grandma's dog coming over today so for
the afternoon we have how many is that
many six plus three nine dogs so it's
gonna be central so even more dogs so
what so while you're unloading looks
like I'm back here looking after sounds
fun there if you just take me for a mega
walk I am currently cleaning my brushes
and drinking some green tea out of my
I'd rather be buying handbags mug that
three separate people have bought me
this mug but independently I think that
says something about me I've just
finished filming this is my little setup
as you can see that's where I've been
sitting I just packed up all the makeup
seventeen close-ups and there's also a
bag full of stuff because I'm doing a
products I've used up video so that's
what's happened today this room is a
total mess cuz I caught Gift Guide like
planning going on I've got the
beginnings of like birthday present pile
I need to wrap up and I've been taking
away a blog pictures so there's like
stuff everywhere but piglet managed to
find the scarf that I got in my Cosmo
goodie bag and has decided to turn it
into a bed
she thinks that is a bit and squidge has
been smoothing in here as well I've just
been filming and piglet has been like
rustling around in the background
chewing things in the background and
generally being naughty in the
background and squid you've been very
good yes you have I'm just editing the
first of the two videos I just filmed
and there's pretty much no food in the
house and it's lunchtime and I
I don't I need to edit this before I go
anywhere to buy food so I like had a
dick in the cupboard totally forgotten
about this I got at the beginning of the
month from Whole Foods
crispy wasabi wheatgrass kale chips with
crunchy cashew nut sauce these are
amazing they taste so good I've pretty
much finished eating them but you can
see the only problem with kale chips is
that they tend to like get quite crushed
up and then you get just like bits at
the bottom but they are seriously tasty
dee-licious I'm eating those now and
then I'm going to edit my video which is
the boring part I also just noticed that
the material they make the packaging out
for these is compostable you can home
comp up put it in your compost heap at
home that is pretty amazing it looks
like the normal crisp packet that's so
cool me and Mike actually recycle a lot
but we do have a compost heap and we
don't put enough stuff on it so that is
good to know look at these two they are
pooped just his mum turns up to come and
pick them up haven't we been treating
them well we've got dog beds everywhere
dog toys everywhere piglet is thoroughly
chuffed to have her bestest buds come
over and then I mum just got here and I
was like hey mum Jonah come turns heads
with me I'm kidnapping you because I've
got to upload tonight's video so we're
going into town where I get 4G signal
uploading going into HomeSense I'm
looking for Christmas stuff because they
always sell out like Christmas stuff
really quickly they bring it in in
October and then by November it's gone
so we're going in to have a little food
Christmassy look what I was in wait
today it's a sausage sandwich it's a
bagel sandwich what did you see my day I
was in a well-known supermarket today
and the other half what they had
Cadbury's advent calendars oh my
goodness holy outrageous we're inside
Christmas
there's so many pretty things I can't
even look how gorgeous these are so
sparkly it's too early to think about
Christmas but these cells are all this
stuff sells so quick just wanted to have
a little look because I think we may be
having it's slightly larger Christmas
tree than normal this year we found this
amazing cake stand which I think my
sister will really like but it's too
early to buy Christmas presents
it is I usually banned myself from
buying Christmas presents before
November because otherwise you lose all
the excitement but Hannah would love
that so cool it's mirrors as well these
are random they don't come with it look
what mums found it's sold them you can't
have it
a throne look all the stuff they have
for Halloween baking I don't know if
I've got time to Halloween bake but I
really want to maybe I should get
something I like these like black pearls
we stopped in the supermarket and bought
some emergency food because we literally
have no food in the house it's had to
buy mics and dinner and now I'm on my
way to Circuit's class but just in
traffic behind all these lorries and we
have five minutes together and mom's
dropping me off I'm leaving right there
so hopefully you'll make it in time I
haven't been for like two or three weeks
something like that so I am NOT looking
forward to because it always hurts real
bad after having a bit of a break so yes
that is what is happening now and on
another note I am not loving these dark
evenings what is going on it is only
five to seven and it's pitch-black
already it's been pitch-black like an
hour and
the Hawks are going back this weekend I
think which makes it even worse it's
officially like wintry not cool
so you're driving I'm driving because
Mike's working in the car yes just
serving my work with your vlog tdawg how
was your session suerte how was your
session it was good I felt really
rubbish at the beginning but then once
you hit that halfway point you're like
yeah just like that just like that it
was fine but yeah I've got really sweaty
disgusting hair now and I'm so hungry
we're gonna go home and make courgette
II you're you're gonna cook me some
tasty snacks yeah I hope so let's go
while we're going ready let's look at
these guys we're making core Jessie for
dinner the funny thing about core Jessie
is there does it all in one piece so
this stuff ends up being like
ridiculously long so this is dinner and
I think it looks pretty good
to be honest it's courgette II with a
spicy smarty sauce like onions and
garlic in it that I made and some
broccoli and then fish with like a
little bit of cheese and tasty yummy
stuff on it so yes let's eat I'm hungry
currently sitting here working on my
latest video that's just one life and
I've got a little piggy on my back that
little pig it sleeping on my back she's
actually quite warm and cozy so we sat
down it's about quarter to midnight we
sat down about half an hour ago and
they're having a 28 days later marathon
we've just caught the end of 28 days
later now we're watching 28 weeks later
and even though it's probably a bad idea
in terms of this really creepy even
though it's a bad idea in terms of
scariness for night time it is probably
the best zombie film ever made
I think 28 days later
it means nature is great too so we're
watching those and chillin and you are
taking up all the shovel time right now
we've got snuggle a number one should
know go number two and then treacle is
being a loner number three so I'm gonna
take this spot here we're gonna finish
watching this there's a really gory
screamy scene going on right now
and I'm gonna call it a night of log
tober day 20 I will see you guys
tomorrow I have a little bit of a photo
shoot going on tomorrow so I will see
you doing anything exciting tomorrow
nope
bye guys good morning guys it's logged
over day 19 and today do you want to be
in my vlog today guys yeah my mom and
dad Amir looking sheepish mike is here
eating is toast
mum's got toast and
