good morning guys welcome to the
sunniest intro to vlogmas ever get ready
for the jingle so I'm not entirely sure
how I stopped this because it is so so
bright today it is what- five hours
ahead right now
very cold there's snow on the ground
we're on our way down to London yes
again tonight Mike and I are going to
the Star Wars very excited this one is
especially excited biggest up was that
ever and yeah we're on our way down I've
got a blood test today I'm also meeting
up with my friend Gareth and I have my
kind of like my work Christmas dinner
but not really my management company
have a big Christmas party every year
but it's not till next week and I'm not
going just cause it's so close to the
baby and it's in like the other side of
London then just yeah so I'm not going
to that but instead the two girls that I
work with were going out for Christmas
lunch together delegates actually
Christmas lunch with him go to a Greek
restaurant that is a okay by me because
I'm not that big into my roasts anyway
we had to come an alternative route to
London because the roadway was at
standstill
no still but also snow probably the snow
snow in London though so I think we'll
be alright I give it another like hour
in the car and then every like zeros now
there's still we've had more so never
around swear even like around us spot
where we're up there we had like eight
inches of thing I got my eyes ah I also
forgot to say I just did my makeup in
the car brought my makeup bag forgot
mascara the number one thing that you
don't want to forget like forget
foundation and just roll with concealer
to get eyeliner brow stuff yeah mascara
the one thing one thing that it look
like have funny my makeup looks
silly guys the Sun is so bright it's
come to this
I've just got my hood off Mike's been
laughing at me but I can't cope with the
Sun in my eyes
that's how bright it is I also put us
behind windscreen jets frozen so we
can't clear the windscreen so it's even
worse my eyeballs are burning out of
their sockets the poor side of being
stuck in the car for two and a half
hours now and we're still like an hour
and a half away from London is the fact
that was really beautiful look at these
guys feels like we're driving to skiing
so three and a half hours later we're
finally in London I've had to rearrange
a couple of things so I can fit them all
in Mike you need to watch but yeah three
and a half hours I think that's a record
to London it's ridiculous
my back hurts so I've just met the girls
for a Christmas lunch it was so nice we
had the Christmas present going session
love it feeling very festive it's so
cold in London I wish I bought gloves
today because my fingers were like that
much cool off all so much to see Gareth
for a quick coffee as well which is
really nice that I'm now on my way to
have my blood test which I was gonna do
before but because of the traffic I
managed to rearrange it and I'm now
going in to get vampires I feel like
when you're pregnant they just take
blood from you every 20 minutes
seriously oh this is my last but one
before the baby
so yeah almost so we've just got to the
flat I was sat down on the bed because
my dressing-table stool is broken the
leg is broken so I'm having to sit here
to do my makeup well I like to just come
back from the corner shop fantastic it's
not right oh I thought it was a massive
box of biscuits got snot rag that's
disgusting milk that's not exciting well
you got your steam yet come thanks that
then your stripping them on the bed
outside on what she's like so personal
Oh peanut M&M
yes strong choice choice number two what
double-deck I've never had one of those
you might be learning I think it choice
number three can I have all the booties
my favorites I've haven't had one of
those in years
like literally a long long time station
may we yes you want the double-decker
know what's in a double-decker pretty
sure she's careless maybe we can do half
and a half oh wait here we go new guard
top and crispy bottom now the Beast I
have one these are so long they're so
yummy I'd love a cup of tea thanks Mike
Mike clearly went to the dodgiest corner
shop ever to buy these I just took a
bite of my booth so I was like mmm
tastes a bit weird actually
is that just me best before the 5th of
April 2016 not winning so we just got
ready in about half an hour and I want
to do a little outfit to show you which
mdf will you take the camera please this
is my dress it is from Lilian Lionel
watching in Lionel it's actually normal
eternity but I really love it this is
what I was wearing for the christening
the other weekend and it's got the
roughly nurse what else we're having my
handbag I'm taking my Chanel boy like
that and I'm also taking a coat that I
don't think really goes because I didn't
want to take to the jacket but I'm
wearing it's basically my only coat that
still fits back in a second I'm wearing
this is my Mars cape and I thought you
know Star Wars I'm just gonna wear a
cape why the hell a lot anyone came
Peter didn't it yeah cuz it went out
behind him that I might tie it around
waist because it is like - what five
chilly it's really cold and I wanted to
show you Mike in his tux
how snazzy to you I think you see the
button there taking all we do the button
upset
you look so handsome in the suit this is
his new tux
you look wondrous husband shall we go
I'm so excited the other thing I forgot
to say guys is that the venue tonight is
not Leicester Square it's the Royal
Albert Hall and it's hosted by Prince
William and Prince Harry very excited
about that I've never been and watched a
film roll a ball I've been watched a
concert there or two concerts there for
and it's amazing
don't move very very annex IMAX I don't
have ever seen IMAX before ever yes you
know the taxi is here
Cabaye is when we run to the last
moments oh yeah that was likely poverty
although there's a hobbit in here
hello little Hobbit
trying to find our seats in have ended
up in like an abandoned corridor level
I'm through being so busy outside as a
we found our teeth we've got the most
amazing
also look how beautiful ceiling isn't it
amazing really people can't wait
this is the best place to watch the red
carpet from it's so hectic when you're
laughs laughs just made a quick snack
run got a pint of beer some crisps we
just realized it's not gonna finish till
like ten I thought it was one more down
I know this way but it's not gonna
finish it like ten say that's not I need
some food his parenthesis around the
house about not filming when we're in
there not obviously of the film but like
they wouldn't let us film the like
presentation before had me there which
is kind of annoying
the film was amazing we're now outside
in the rain
what the hell rain supposed to be
snowing well I should snow forever would
be worse and it's a couple guys were
back in the flat we've just had a
competitive delivery ordering session
because Mike wanted a burger and I
wanted something more healthy you can
have something you say I wanted a burger
you asked me what did I want and I'm a
burglar would you like that one yes
please not knowing that you would have
something else so to the menu anyway and
if anything actually I asked the pizza
you did actually
so if I'd have known that regardless
mine just arrived yours are still nine
minutes away look what I've got
this looks really good I got a
vegetarian lasagna with aubergine I
don't know how to open it can he help me
so I can check
oh there's Mike's maybe maybe though it
still says nine minutes away on my out
one who it could be
so here's mine I've got Greek salad
veggie lasagna broccoli and a green
juice which one whose do you think looks
better guys we'll have a vote and here
is my cheeseburger it does actually look
quite good and then Cheers
well I know he looks healthier that's
for sure
that guy's was what I needed my tummy is
very happy now talking of my tummy the
baby was going freakin nuts enough I
think was cuz it was so loud and as lots
of like chops when like bangs and stuff
obviously cuz it's Star Wars but she was
honestly like doing some sort of felt
like she doing somersaults she was very
very active I thought I was gonna go
into labor at one point wait I had to
here for we halfway through because she
kicking me how are the joys and now just
content after that that was so good I'm
taking my makeup off now in bed - are
you done
we'll see you guys more coffee
another car journey seriously morning
guys it's super early it's just past 7
she's not bad but considering I got no
sleep last night well until about 3:00 I
just could not sleep I had the worst
like restless legs almost like just
being really anxious about baby as well
and I'm like no I don't know I just so
weird apparentiy is really normal he
can't sleep in the last few weeks I
think it's like your body prepping you
for sleepless nights but oh my god it
was so annoying I just could not sleep
he was so tired you know I just go to
sleep
just go sleep Mike was snoring next to
me he's now got up and gone for a run
his alarm went off for sex thanks Mike
yeah we're leaving London early this
morning because Mike sort of get back
for a meeting I'm hoping he doesn't take
us for hours this time they should
probably get off better I think he's
gone for a five-mile er so he'll be
what's the time now
oh seven he'll be back any minute now
get out I don't want to so guys the
Christmassy vibes officially gone yeah
but this miserable oh yeah
so the Christmassy vibes have officially
gone it is peeing it down with rain all
of the snow I think is gonna be gone at
home stop for a little Starbucks on
route probably a little bit later than
anticipated we might need to put the
pedal to the metal
to make your meeting I've already Texas
area ten minutes late
flies on me love so yes is this morning
happy Wednesday it's very here's when
says now they all happens today everyone
else if they want to at midnight they
can see what weasel Oh start what it's
like what's he look about now go and see
it it's honestly so good I loved it
there's a part in it my favorite part is
the fight scene ultimate fight scene
with the lightsabers everyone's like no
spoilers on Twitter or anything that's
not a spoiler you know it's gonna have
lightsabers and lights in it it Star
Wars but there is like an ultimate fight
scene involving lightsabers and it's
amazing just got home and this one's
gotten exciting delivery this is not my
Christmas present it's a new dog Cooper
Scoob reason as to why because this one
does a lot of hooves first everyone Mike
ran over the last one it is car
stinky encounter hey Pig because you
like to poop I my car you like to poo by
my car I've been a terrible vlogger
today and I've barely blogged at all
because I've been doing admin stuff and
paying bills Mike thinks I'm talking to
you I'm just following you around I
wasn't after you like don't leave me
tonight we are going to our friend
Livi's pub for dinner because it's the
first night I mentioned it the other day
yeah we weren't any other day for a
coffee it's the first night letting food
so we're going to like the experimental
food night two-sample said we're really
know what have to find out wait oh the
baby didn't like it
I'm glad you make one doesn't matter
does it oh my I mean to be better than
she made me brush my hair
spend one of those days guys admin
you've been you've had a haircut she
haven't you look at this Spruce Goose
still plastic up the stairs ho Tyler is
hopefully more a tomorrow the scare at
the stairs for like a skiers up the
scares for like o Humana and the skips
been there for three months
can I tell you something got taken away
incident day was the fact that I didn't
use my oven come yes they said he had to
happy he he had her teeth brush today
she's not impressed she's sniffing your
pockets interesting big interesting
anyway little bean that's gonna be it
for today we are gonna go to the purple
my eyes are really red I swear the last
few like blogs I just looked really
rough I mean this whole being pregnant
thing guys just makes you look really
sexy just really really good all the
time still be your alpha sexiest part
under the the tight mike has never said
anything like this before in his life I
put his maternity tights on okay look at
these Mike aren't they sexy he's like oh
my god
like he was impressed and they have like
everything section I'm not entirely sure
what rat peg is doing she's just what
you doing retail and stay out you can
come way bad idea anyway that's gonna be
after today's vlog we'll see you all
tomorrow or the next day hopefully look
a little bit less disheveled often you
up a little bit it's cuz I made an
effort last night I'm trying to like
counteract it they made an effort I
can't get too used to be looking pretty
see you later guys
