good morning guys it's blocked over day
19 and today do you want to be in my
vlog today guys doing yeah my mom and
dad here mike is here eating toast mum's
got toast and we had an important
burning question to ask you basically my
bride this morning saying this is my
puppy what should we call him mum wants
to call him Tyrion after Tyrion
Lannister from Game of Thrones which i
think is an amazing idea dad picked
rubbish so this is him
we need requests for names or
suggestions for names puppy puppy puppy
puppy puppy this is this is what it
looks like is he a little Tyrion or is
he something else
other suggestions have been Harry Harry
I think that one don't like Harry is
boring Jesse weasel weasel weasels cute
but he doesn't I think piglet would be
better at school we go mouse mouse is
always in blogs hey mousie thousand
irani piglet piglet is his best friend
in the world bestest friends Jim Rob as
a rubbish name that's a rubbish name
it's dog central in here today so I've
just come in here to discover these two
naughty bumblers chewing a pinecone it
appears that piglets may have been the
prime suspect piglet
this was picnic was this you and piglet
I think you might even both of you
what a mess you little monkey you little
monkey big we she is it's Sunday
afternoon and who else is in my kitchen
piglet first time they've ever met
they're getting along famously
I don't everything your hair is the
exact same color but look you can get
your ponytail they're exactly the same
in match that means you need to stay
with me and
yeah yeah a friend okay well over a
month late dude
she's trying to feed me up she's feeder
Mike is it not telling a dit 1kg limited
edition lizardom energy dominates those
usually and recipes to use with it so
yes basically you can have it on like
white toast brown toast no you can put
it in a hot chocolate you can cook a
tasty pudding yeah that's what you have
to do and you can't just eat Nutella and
what's in there what's in there there's
a family apart enough hello oh my god
yeah good cigars oh that's so good
though goodness he told my son you cook
all of these for me love you
oh no no chocolate but it's a nice
racoons by the way I know I put this on
your boobs I don't wanna make what
animals because I knew I was coming to
see the animal so I thought I'd fit in
my name is piglet and this is how I like
to snooze he's silly dog so it's pretty
late actually today guys I haven't
vlogged much today at all so this is
just gonna be a kind of chatty little
catch-up video I guess we've spent quite
a lot of time with my parents today a
member of our family is still really
really ill so we just been chilling with
my mom and stuff and catch up with her
because she has had really rubbish week
to be honest but yes might as we went
over dinner with my parents and my
brother and his wife from we had a
little catch up with them and as you saw
earlier
Becky also came over today which was
awesome I hadn't seen her in like over a
month because she's been away so much so
it was really great to catch up with her
and I'll be seeing her later this week
as well also one change because it ain't
like what the actual seriously treacle
you are hilarious and the cat is just
like chillin in the corner yeah Becky
came over and then a couple of my other
friends my school friends came over and
we had some tea which was nice and then
like I said I went to see my parents to
be honest on Sundays
just tend to chill anyway so not much
she's been happening today chillin -
just chillin yeah just chillin I'm I've
been editing videos what have you been
doing today been playing those again
just 9 holes today I swear everybody
watching vlogs must think that you play
golf like 24/7 just like every other day
every other day just kidding you know
it's just a lot to you yeah you got you
have one I like it it's any wish kind I
think they will say yes I wanna go play
the Berghoff I've worked yeah it's been
a pretty boring day today yeah not much
time it's been really really windy and
it's gonna calm down this evening and
they get even windy at the next couple
of days apparently there's like the
remnants of which hurricane is it you
know I know that it hit like the Bahamas
and mumu bumbles but there's some been
there's been some big storms in the last
couple of weeks but I think we're
getting like the remnants of it at the
moment we went out for a walk this
morning and you know when you get like
Eric from walking it wasn't that good
the golf ball did not go faster was it
bad yeah the first hole normally you hit
like your longest Club and then you hit
like midline in I hit my longest Club
and I'm my second longest Club and I was
still short of the game and I hit them
very well that's what you notice what
that means then let me know in the
comment section below I'm pretty sure 99
percent if you probably won't I didn't
know we was talking about probably fits
today's video
sorry it's a short and pretty boring one
guys but to be honest we've had a pretty
boring day just chilling and hanging out
with fam and yes
tomorrow will be busier and next week
you know some already busy what's
tomorrow oh we have circuits we haven't
been to circuits in like I haven't been
in three weeks you haven't been in four
or five weeks for the next six weeks six
weeks six weeks getting fit I'm on like
a fitness healthy eating kick before
Christmas yeah before the mega eating of
cheese at Christmas but yeah I set
myself like a personal goal to reach
which I'm not gonna talk about because I
think it's really bad to kind of share
things like that because everything is
purse
no and like what people way and what
people's fitness and health goals are
everybody is different and I don't want
to like set like I don't want to say
like that's what you should do because
it's not what everybody should do okay
send myself a little goal which is the
only way I ever achieve anything in
terms of fitness because otherwise I
just give up off your legs
so yeah healthy eating and fitness are
happening I've been healthy eating for
the past three days hasn't been super
healthy but it's been like keeping an
eye on what I'm eating not eating too
many sweeties of chocolates and yes that
is continuing this week with circuits
tomorrow which I'm kind of looking
forward to it cuz I do enjoy it but is
like you know I can't the plan
compensating that's golf I played and
why don't you pump we're gonna run
whilst I'm playing golf so just like run
circles around me as I'm like walking
down the path you just keep doing circle
Mike that is a stupid idea or you can I
can hit the golf ball out of garden into
the neighbor's field and you can run
against that field and bring it back and
then I can do it again instead of like
the dogs going on their exercise
exercise or I could just run everywhere
that the dogs run I won't be taken for a
walk instead of walking I just run
around with other interesting if you can
actually get the bushes yeah thank you
maybe nuts so anyway that is it's nice
bug it is goodbye from me
it is good from the pig it is goodbye
from the squid from the Mike from the
three key three key so you don't and
from the gravity fever we don't know
where she is she she's eating so goodbye
from Beaver too and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye bye it's logged over day 18 and
today it's piglets big day out she's
currently trying to discover some more
food there's nothing there pig are you
ready
