so it's vlog Tovar day 18 and today it's
piglets big day out she's currently
trying to discover some more food
there's none in there pig are you ready
for a day out you ready she's like no
I'm definitely not ready and I do not
want to color I want to stay here and
play um we will see an adventure an
adventure put you on to stay in bed you
can't stay in bed you lazy monkey we're
here piggles we made it to the station
someone looks really really unimpressed
you gonna be all right she's got her
little harness on she's in her second I
don't know if you guys watch my puppy
haul video remain channel a while ago
but she is like filling out her second
size of harness I did try on the big one
which is the super snazzy nice one but
it she's still too small sadly but yeah
there we go
off we go piggy ready oh no she looks so
worried you'd be alright pinky be right
so we arrived in London we're at Euston
station right now
we found a green patch and pig has done
a wee she's very happy to be back on
grass it was actually really really
round on the train so we had to sit on
the floor we could have stood for it was
happily a sitting on the floor so she
was such a good girl she's done a weird
she's had a drink of water and now she's
rolling around on the grass it's like a
fool
this is piglets first taxi journey and
she's being pretty good so far he's such
a good girl pig it good yeah yeah
piglet his first walk down a proper
Street like a town street and she's just
met some kids that she really likes and
they were Miss good but how would you be
scared a pig coming in pig I've arrived
at tobacco Key and wide events going on
inside the only problem is piglets not
allowed inside so we have mine it might
face anonymous dog sitter Amy it's
looking after piglet and piglet seems to
be loving it
she is snoozing away and I've just got
my questions through about all about
YouTube which um I'm a bit nervous
actually I don't normally get nervous
about panels like I did panel earlier
this week and it was fine but because
this is like a one-on-one QA like really
really nervous and Rizzle Kicks are on
before me I'm like I should not be like
on the same stage that's really scary so
yes that's what's happening now and
piglet is snoozing that is piglets day
out of date so I've just finished my QA
and it went really really well and
piglet got to meet lots of people to
actually met quite a lot subscribers
which was really cool and I wasn't
expecting it because it's kind of like a
careers event but it was really cool
actually I would have loved to have gone
if I was still a teenager but yeah we're
going to head home now head back to
Houston and get on a scary train again
Hitler has been so good she's met lots
of people just she's just chillin she's
chillin so me and Pigman are sitting
here having our lunch because we're
early for the train and they're
approaching
and Piglet wants to eat them she's been
staring at them intently and she's also
met loads of people who wanted to stroke
her and she's loved it
this is King's journey home such a good
girl I see on the way back we made it
piglet I'm so proud of you you were the
best dog in the whole wide world in the
whole wide world we're home now
we're gonna go and see the other doggies
take them for a walk and give them their
dinner and you can tell them all about
it pickles she's like 'i'm so
unimpressed I just wanna go enough we
have some very excited dogs that piglet
is bad Oh God be gentle with her where
she being treated where she be
we fed the dogs and we are now coming on
a walk and I have to say I think this is
piggles in her natural habitat she is
not a London dog but I think she had a
nice day growl is also coming with us
which piglet is kind of freaking out
about she keeps stopping and turning
around wing-like there's a cat behind me
oh so we are heading out for dinner tie
and mike has just arrived and his golf
club you're not met you
yeah I'm play today you're playing
tomorrow right I have this little gadget
which is a cool thing in the world I'm
so cool down the kids a lot mr. gadget
Harry comes with this old man would be
your hair looks nice oh really
okay but this is a rangefinder so you
planted a flag and press the button I
tell you I borrow so it's great you've
got it all around to agree well last
hole went to press the button flat
battery oh yeah you know what that also
could be useful for how are you I have
my way the shops are you could do your
to close it with me squeeze which how
far away is squidge this is yad yad one
yard yard oh yeah so we are heading out
for dinner tonight
and I'll do a little outfit today and
show you what I'm wearing my face I
agree myself well that's it but I do
have to make up on the face
it's Chanel vitami rapper with hourglass
ambient lighting blush palette the
brighter color I used and then I have on
a new eyeliner that I have from Burberry
which is actually really good I put this
on it like eight two o'clock this
morning and it's too looking right and I
have some mascara from Tarte the gold
lights camera flashes which is really
from Tarte eight hot how rude is that
and what just ten was around and that
was going on guys you are both girls
let's whirring and then I have on just a
lip balm and then I have on this
necklace it's from j.crew I have on this
top which is from Zara which is really
cool it has like the lace on the sleeves
and then I have on I don't know if you
guys will be able to see this I have on
this skirt from the cupola but it has
like these kind of spiky I guess they're
half stars on the sides it's just like a
black skirt and then I have no shoes on
yet I'm just gonna wear my black boots
because we are this is basically what
I've been wearing today but we're going
to the pub you know I'm going to end it
here because we have non vloggity
friends from out there again and I feel
like such a cop-out saying that but like
yeah we are so if you guys are not
having an amazing weekend I'm sorry that
the vlogs have been late since I got
home you will be alright
I will be sorry why since I've got home
our internet is so bad so like when I
was in Chicago in so it was very quick
so I could upload this right away or
instead takes 600 minutes is the current
estimation on vlog Tovar day 16 which is
what I'm trying to upload moment um so
yes a bit rubbish so that is it for
today we'll see you guys tomorrow
triples looking to do the cubicle hello
we love you tricky buh-bye and you bye
bye it's currently 6:30 on vlog Tober
day 17 and Mike and I told someone heard
my voice hello hello hey scream
