so it's currently 6:30 on the vlog Tober
day 17 and Mike and I Oh someone heard
my voice hello hello hey screech squeeze
like you know you stroke the rat not me
hello giggles somebody had my voice when
I was logging what came running inside
whoo giggles loves me and it makes me
very happy
um yes pig she's like puppies puppies we
are up so early because we are going to
work out and to be honest I feel like
people I want to be right there with you
freak out
still in bed so yeah it is way too early
and it's currently still dark outside
which sucks that's what sucks about
waiting to work out but on the plus side
Mike is coming with me because I'm and
agencies had a leg damage it's liquid
damage very serious news because our
matching outfits what is up with the
focus this morning it's too dark
the focus won't focus warning me hello
mr. cat morning little one she's like oh
yes I love it in the morning and this
scary spider keeps coming out and we've
tried to get it but it's in evades us
and it stays up there in that corner and
it's yeah it's me right let's go work
out
see you later piggy this is why we got
them a new bet they can bullsh Naugle
together an itch there is at the same
time silly puppies so how do you feel
it's filming me all the time what is
this about these are not asleep this
time no I'll sleep how does it feel how
did you how did you survive I'm just
gonna get through the game it was okay
feel kind of like poop to be honest feel
kinda like poop you did really well you
were really going for it I had a very me
I had a very fine no I want some eggs
for breakfast
yeah so we've got his-and-hers drinks
going on in the morning I it is a really
good addition I've got coffee and Mike's
got tea and we also have his and hers
eggs going on Mike has it when toast I
have it without post I didn't pull out
of the fridge stove with breakfast food
maybe just butter that is more than
enough butter might get a bit more here
are the eggs
ba-ba-ba-ba the giant eggs and these
guys are being little monkeys that toy
squeeze ooh
with one pound well spent is it your new
favorite is it any favorite pigs like oh
I just love everything see only
favorites which will beautiful this you
are he hi twiki
oh and you and you so it's a little bit
later now it's half past 11 and I have
had a morning of pretty boring admin I
just been on the phone - OH - my
contractors out so I'm trying to renew
on my phone contract and all that kind
of stuff
and it has taken forever and a lot past
haunts like five different people as you
always do and there's automated system
things that's just very frustrating so
anyway I'm headed over to my mum's to
see her she was going to help me do a
little bit of work this afternoon but
we're going to get our eyebrows done
this afternoon which I have not had done
in about two months
yeah I think almost exactly two months
July August September October three
months as I did it
maybe maybe did I do it off that I can't
remember anyway my eyebrows are you
doing so I'm heading over see my mom and
her puppies are actually going
she's keeping one of them but two of
them are going this weekend so I'm gonna
go and see them and I'm gonna take pig a
wiggle with me who you watching golf on
TV are you going to play golf
yeah hey can we go will you come with me
try to come play with your friends is oh
yes oh yes please what are you doing oh
my god
have fun can you see my puzzle because
it's camouflage what they say look at
these ridiculous things mike has on his
golf kit what is that it's like a giant
pom-pom there's a monkey or a gorilla
hmm and then there's a tiger a lion even
the Lions gone bald oh really
okay yeah the liner looks oh that's got
big eyelashes you know what you don't
have on here when we and Mike first
started going out
I made him where is it it's in the
cellar I made him a golf head cover out
of old socks and it was a dragon or a
snake or a rat something it I don't
quite know what it was but you did have
it on your golf clubs for about five or
six years it's not good enough anymore
you've stepped it's hard you golf bag
tell me about this golf bag these are
things like that
where did this go back come fro he's a
new lightweight one they did not send it
to you that's a lie
they you only got new one like last year
one of mine really off it's not really
those two thought well this one is very
nice let's hope it wasn't too expensive
MDF it is it is it is cool okay
I approve it's cool right I'm going to
month I'll see you later so I'm just at
my mom's and I found this lighter which
I wanted to show you guys because when
my sister got married in 2008 if you can
see by the date she had these lanterns
like you know like Chinese lanterns that
you light and they go up in the air so
as a present for their wedding Mike and
I made them like maybe 60 lighters like
this for everyone to take home as little
wedding favors and there was one on the
side of my mom's in it just made me look
I thought you might guys might want to
see it they have like they have some
little pictures of them on it and 19th
of July is my birthday too
hello puppy and mummy what are you doing
you're gonna miss these guys oh you're
gonna miss Barry that's so big I'm gonna
try and find piglet to show
in comparison because it's really funny
piglet was really like rough with them
when they were smaller than her
and now she is much smaller than them
piggy Birds and then you scrap all the
time it's quite you these guys are eight
weeks old and piglet is three months in
two weeks so what is that 14 weeks old
and they annihilate her already so funny
okay so I'm about to go get my eyebrows
done this is the before so here they are
afterwards guys oh my goodness normally
it takes about 20 maybe max 25 minutes
took half an hour
five minutes longer because I hadn't
done it in like two months
I had the hairiest eyebrows in the world
now we are going to drop some dry
cleaning off and have a massive bag of
dry cleaning down there and we're going
to get some food as well I think which
is always good but I've just got home
dropped ping it off with Mike and the
other puppies and now I'm heading over
to my sisters to upload today's video
and yesterday's vlog because the
internet is slow at my house and I'm
late I've got to go but I'll see you
later it is a little bit later now I
didn't end up uploading both of my
videos but I've got one up so it's
always a bonus and my friend Hannah just
came over and we had a cup of tea which
was rather nice and now me and Mike are
now off to dinner at the pub with our
friends I'm probably not gonna vlog
dinner because we're going with quite a
big group of people not all of whom are
flog friendly now this is something that
I wanted to talk about in a video
because basically Mike's like can you
hurry the hell up we're late but
basically I get a lot of comments being
like how do you like vlog in public when
you know like people don't aren't like
don't roll or don't understand blogging
and it is a really good question what's
piglet got it is a really good question
because a lot of my friends have normal
quite serious jobs like lawyers and
teachers and stuff like that and doctors
and yeah not all of them are cool with
being vlogs and therefore I'm not gonna
roll this evening but we should have
really good time and
what do you think we are well I think
everyone there's gonna be okay with it I
feel really awkward though this is my
thing this is this is my thing is your
thing
sometimes if I ask hmm then everyone's
like oh of course
and then other times they're like and
you're like okay no it's fine like I
don't have to I'm just asking just to
check and say yeah maybe maybe a world
knows this I don't know but can we
should have this conversation in the
carpet let's go though we just got home
from a super delightful meal and we are
gonna put the dog Express and then go to
bed
Mike troll in a puddle on his way
through the car parking it was really
funny he left tripped over in a really
deep coffee and then all the way home
who's like my foot it's weird but yeah
so we're going to bed now I'm up super
early tomorrow because I'm heading to
London again not for long this time that
I'm just doing a panel at a wired like
event and I'm gonna take a pig it with
me so come and join me tomorrow for
piglets day out and I'll see that bye
good morning to you all today is vlog
Tober day 16 and today we are going on
there's pickles the other guys have a
