hey guys welcome to octobe day 15 we're
halfway through October already I cannot
believe it
so today I want another train and had
another very early start and you know
about four and a half five hours sleep
last night so I'm feeling a little rough
really relevant to be honest but today
I'm going up to you
sulfur which is near Manchester what
kind of in Manchester Manchester I'm not
really sure to a radio festival if you
guys remember back in February I did
some work with the Brits on the red
carpet which was super scary at the time
it really really stands well I'm going
to talk about that whole experience so
today in other news I just think nails
this beautiful kind of very autumn color
this is actually the color from Tom Ford
called Bordeaux lust and I've never
actually used to on pornhub word for it
quite expensive I got this as a gift so
I'm super excited to try it and I think
it looks quite nice and shiny
considering I painted it on the tray
just did my panel plan'll panel and it
went really well but we're just on the
way out and we've spotted this look at
this how hilarious is this there's a
picture of me but what is even more
funny someone find it that's not me that
sign that there's like a few other
people yeah signatures that looks legit
doesn't it that was not me so I may just
have annihilated a few plates of sushi
for the second time in under 24 hours
and
we train home this is Manchester train
station it's very exciting
my mom's got to pick me up to the
station I'm very excited to see her
because I haven't seen a very much the
last couple of weeks really and it will
be nice to have a chat and catch up and
see her puppies because they must have
grown so much I'm home look who I found
Oh Pig I missed you squid root is over
here I do it is everything we need you I
miss you so
and how are you doing Jukes hello I just
zoomed in on your face hang on oh hang
on there's accidental zooming mum just
picked me up from the station which is
very kind of Lux otherwise I would have
been abandoned and pig was a little bit
pleased to see me I'm quite as mug so I
just sat down on the sofa and this
happened I've got this one here I've got
these two there do you think they miss
me I did definitely miss them I'm gonna
put some puppyish knuckle in time now
goodbye something really is going on
right now advice and I don't owe she
realized piglet was cleaning screwsie's
oh did you get told off we go wait you
wait did you get told off little egg
it appears then I have a little helper
theevening trying to upload my vlog and
it's taking forever you helpy helping so
guys this is a big moment I'm about to
light my three layer candle from Bath &
Body Works the only problem is excuse me
this is working about trying to vlog
here the only problem is I don't have a
lighter
and we have a blowtorch in the kitchen
but mike has put it somewhere and I
can't find it where is it pick up
outside in the pickup can you go and get
it for me I'm gonna unplug this music
because it is copyrighted yeah I can go
I have these shoes on me you know what I
do have on my feet do not think you've
ever seen they're very funny that's
definitely not mine you know you can do
don't know what your dream I'll talk
about that nor that definitely works fit
me it might be worse you're doing that
why are you thinking I'm doing a wee bit
of holiday so I'm doing quite a bit of
spaghetti bolognaise so I can freeze off
and then I can have that lot freeze a
lot use a lot I think well I can eat it
no then I have a mini portion I can have
lunch one day on the other hand or I can
just have an extra big portion of dinner
know what I mean II he's making me go
outside in my pajamas and glasses in the
cold dark dark cold since which a better
light or no yeah I've got it I've got my
torch there but I go into Mike's which
he basically got at a scrapyard for free
and he uses it for his gardening look
where it is is that creepy it's like all
the way up there I'm not going up there
that's really too scary I'm gonna go
back and tell them it's too scary Mike
yes
please can you go out and get it it's
honestly too scary it looks like a
horror film no it looks like a horror
film I got to the to the clothesline did
the light come on
yes but it's weirdly scary she's like up
in the trees if there's an axe murderer
out there I get mode if you get axe
murders I'll buy you a Chanel handbag
well then I'd be dead though not yet but
I'll buy one and if you put it in my
coffin with you thank you how's that
sound
no please mine can't recall with you but
you might do anything that she's like oh
hello pickle please come on piglet is
not saving anyone
there's she done no monkey please please
please please please thank you going
outside yeah fun what okay these aren't
mine my you're ruinin that's really
easily
please don't ruin them all for trying it
light a candle I'll stand by the door
I'm watching you know all the dogs are
coming with you now it's not a lot I
switch the lights on that one and
everything so you don't need the torch
it's just really spooky see you're a
wimp don't get murdered here he comes
okay so I just the dogs made it case of
deja vu so either this kind of thing has
been in a bar before or there's a glitch
in the matrix but one of the other
blokes what I wouldn't go outside
probably because I'm scared of
everything because I'm a wimp the moment
of truth I think the first layer is
sweater weather this is an extreme way
to light a candle guys wouldn't
necessarily recommend it at home yeah
look at that
woohoo Triple A a candle yeah yeah yeah
it's gonna smell great yummy
right your best so we are snuggled on
the sofa and we have squeezed in between
us and the other two are actually being
naughty and playing over there on the
little monkeys I'm gonna call it a day
for today guys were watching super 8 and
Mike's put it on super loud super 8
super loud but yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow for vlog Toba day 15 by 15 no
16 tomorrow dang so confused with the
dates following guys it's vlog tober day
14 and today I'm in my little hotel room
again and I'm off to Paris I want to do
a really quick outfit the day before I
go my hair
