good morning guys it's vlog Tober day 14
and today I'm in my little hotel room
again and I'm off to Paris I want to do
a really quick outfit the day before I
go my hair is looking kind of crazy
it hasn't dropped yet I literally just
finished curling it so it's a little
overly curly but this curler actually
drops quite a nice day after about half
an hour so yeah it's gonna be kind of
relaxed waves later on and then I have
on this top from Zara which is kind of
like a little pussy bow kind of t-shirt
shape but it's actually made out like a
silky material and then I have on this
skirt which I actually got from a
website called oh my love it was in a
whole video a little while ago but I've
actually been wearing it quite a lot
last couple weeks cuz it's a good kind
of autumn color black tights a cat suits
and then I have my black coat and my
bizarre a handbag and that is it I'm
gonna go I also want to show you guys
this phone case that I got in America
because I forgot to put it where whole
video I picked this up in I was in
Nordstrom Rack and it was like twenty
dollars so about 12 pounds but I just
think it's so pretty it's like this
dusky pink silicone case I don't like
the way it looks from the front but from
the back it's so beautiful has those
rose gold kind of metal or it's actually
plastic but it looks metal cover anyway
that is it I'm off to the Eurostar now
so I'm ready to get on the Eurostar I
realize I haven't actually told you I
don't know keep this simple
it wasn't focus I don't know if I've
told you why I'm no parasitic basically
I'm doing a secret super exciting
project with a subscription box company
called
little boxes and something basically you
need it's a really awesome subscription
box but they've actually done a blog
post on recently so if you don't know
about it then go and check that out but
I'm doing something exciting with them
which I can't tell you about but it is
going to come out around Christmas which
is the best time of year obviously but
anything to come out so I am going to
visit them in our offices today and do a
little photo shoot type situation and
yes this is the Train I think it's like
two hours three hours something like
that so we made it to Paris and it's a
beautiful day the only problem is I
forgot my sunglasses so it's never a
good start but we're on our way to
municipal offices and yes it happens
look at the blue sky so this is a little
sneak peek into what we're doing the cat
the view out the window guys you can see
Paris rooftops and it's such a nice eh
oh my goodness so we've finished taking
photos and we're having some cake look
this looks yummy fucecchio blue breeze
and this is actually flavored like
cappuccino which is amazing and these
are okay they look good - I might have
families and then these are lemon so we
have a tiny bit of free time we've come
up to see the sacre-coeur at I would
call it dust and it is looking beautiful
I think we might actually have time to
climb to the top as well let's do it you
know you want we made it to the top a
bit out of breath I must say that there
is a seriously epic view up here and
there's the sacre-coeur
right that we are back a garden all and
we are heading home such a quick visit
and go buy them I got one mini and then
I think if I had one this size which I
have just ran out of it was perfect
timing so I'm home sweet home kind of
I'm in my hotel room
I actually got back with an hour earlier
than I thought it would tonight and it's
made me kind of regret not going home
but I've got to get a 655 train from
London and tomorrow to go up to
Manchester for the radio festival so
yeah it's probably better if I stay down
here by miss Mike and I miss piglet and
squidge and treacle and yes but I
managed to pick up some sushi for dinner
in the train station what I got I
actually got two things because I am
hungry um I don't know it's um McGary
and it's yummy rolls I guess yeah Maki
and yes I'm probably going to sit on my
bed eat my sushi and watch some YouTube
over the wall we're doing FaceTime
inception right now I'm vlogging I'm
going facetiming with peak hi big do you
hear me pig dogs don't respond on
FaceTime it's really weird what else is
going on Mike oh those guys are chillin
we've got growling where's beaver did
you take it off her she's gone to find
it again
she's a killer look have you seen my
sushi nananana
did you know you look like dr. evil
stroking your beard and your cat yes we
miss you
well I say we miss you I miss you piglet
misses me even if you don't whatever
cuddling me today when I was gardening
today not digging up stuff she literally
came in my legs made me sit down so she
could jump on top of me and I was like
eating much it Oh shadow again show
pigley again closer closer
oh wait I've got a dismissed 20% a
battery typical piggy piggy Wiggy I find
it so weird that dogs don't respond to
phone noises our dogs do anyway weird
anyway bye bye
vlogging I'm just facetiming mic again
I'm saying good night I'm in bed now I'm
taking with me well obviously look at my
sexy face but we're just facetiming at
Pig oh she's such an angel can I see
squidge they're lying on her back no
nice glitch I love you and can we see
Treecko - she on the other set Oh tricky
anti-social she's a silly dog um okay
I'll speak to you tomorrow I love you
good morning guys walked rocktober a day
13 today feels like an unlucky day
already we've had some drama Mike is
looking very wet
