good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
13 today feels like an unlucky day
already because we've had some drama
Mike is looking very wet and peed off
are you not we've been having problems
with our door leaking and we can't fix
it so we're basically the solution a
towel at the door until we can get
someone to come and fix it so that is
not good but I'm off to London today
might so to work but then mike is coming
to London too because we're going to Ed
Sheeran's might I'm so excited
I love Edie Plus don't really have much
more to say about it I just like him and
I'm super excited guys here I've got a
few of three meetings today some of them
are quite serious yet exciting so a bit
nervous but treacle on the chair what do
you think you're doing
busted hello you wear simple legally I
see her what you doing in a big wig what
did you mean it a big wig oh is you wet
from outside then you weapon outside
Wiggles you have grown my wig wig we'll
see you later okay love you
you aren't cute at all above I squeezed
by hi beautiful girl she wants to come
look she's like you want leaving me I'm
coming too I'm coming too
cheer up - here
someone's monkey this morning so I'm
doing stupid dancing conscience
and
I'm in at the moment pretty much fully
eating yogurt coffee is officially
autumn
so I just got out of my first meeting
and I actually went really really well
it's about something I can't share with
you but it's so exciting and something
that has been like a bit of an
aspiration for me for a really long time
and so yeah feeling good about that I'm
now going to grab some lunch from the
pan this again I'm on tight hold them
right now you guys can see I actually
used to live in this building here this
red brick building with my new homes so
it makes you a little bit funny when I
come back it kind of gives me the
heebie-jeebies
but yeah I'm gonna go grab some food in
here and then my next nice moves in
about an hour so I've just checked into
my hotel after a pretty busy day of
meetings which all went really well I
didn't get to vlog too much because I've
been rushing around and as you may be
able to tell I have been rained on also
so my hair is not looking too bit I'm
about to rush out now and meet Mike at
the o2 for dinner before ed sheeran
which I'm super excited about but I just
checked into my hotel and I want to show
it to you guys because it's the cutest
thing ever
look at this bed how cute is that it's
got like this with a little bit at the
end
cute bed I'm not sure what we can see
out the window I think that's part of
Kings Cross and then I've got a big
mirror this is the hallway this was
actually one of the cheaper hotels I got
like a special offer in London because
normally hotels and I'm just super
expensive but because I am here for the
next couple days I'm staying here for
the night and this is the bathroom I'm
so excited it's called I'll put a link
to the website and then Pablo anyway if
you guys want to check out no it's not
sponsored no I'm not getting it free I
just thought it was super cute and
wanted to show it to you guys yeah this
is my cute little hotel room I'm gonna
get change really quickly now and then
show you my outfit before I leave and
then I'm gonna go meet Mike who's stuck
in traffic right now okay so I just came
to do an app for the day and realize I'm
wearing almost exactly the same outfit I
was wearing the other night - the fact
that I have awful hair because I didn't
have time to do anything to it and it's
been raining on but I'm sure Mike went
mine he's seen me in much worse case I
have all my little jacket my t-shirt the
jeans and boots that are the same as the
other day but they might also have on
one of the necklaces I bought from Jay
Cruz I don't know now otherwise my
roommates
look who I miss they come for you is
your day getting better now that you're
here
sweet potato chorizo which I'm gonna be
stealing green beans which I'm going to
be stealing and then I also got some
monkfish and it's very snappy
mike has ordered the taste is cheesecake
Helen says I just ate some it was the
tastiest what flavors are parallel
it's so good
you know what my my brilliant thought my
other confessions all my goodness you
want my complaints of the evening what
is that people want to convert we had to
move because we had three people right
like filming nothing wasn't just the
occasional photo or like the clip it was
filming like every song and then we play
it down and we were like oh yes and the
next song would see life through your
eyes not a screen even I don't film the
whole thing just a little bit if you
want to film the whole thing get the DVD
hey I am back in my hotel room now in my
PJs mic isn't staying in London he's
driven back to pick up the dogs cuz he
left them with my mother CD being whilst
we were watching Ed Sheeran and I'm also
out in a hotel room with my own I've got
to get up super super early to go to
Paris tomorrow so I'm gonna call it a
night there I have such a good time ed
Sheeran and I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog don't forget to come back tomorrow
for a fun day in Paris and I'll see you
then bye good morning guys it's blocked
over day 12 and I am in Chicago right
now
the end of our trip and we had about
four hours sleep last night
we had to wake up I would
