October day 9 huh it is windy today
where the Windy City which I've got you
it's not called the Windy City trendy
who knew who knew my skirts blowing up
this really embarrassing so this is well
going for breakfast we've come to
Lincoln Park and we're going to use
perennial virus the food is here
I went all American and got biscuits and
gravy and the bacon looks we are about
to go to the farmers market
how many forget all the pumpkins and the
veggies look at the tiny ones thank you
they're so cute look at these gourds so
freaky they're amazing we're just
walking down I guess it's not Ivy just
creepers that's so cool and the streets
here already probably all my to write me
up like the West Village in New York but
so much why dance so quiet really really
cool and we're going to see Laura and
Trent Sarah who we were having dinner
with last night she works in a Simon
stall and you can take their design and
stuff into cells so we're gonna go and
have a look into shop which I'm really
excited about easy handbags and stuff
spice shop and they have so many
different spices
it's crazy to glue these books or chili
lovers somewhere girl I'm getting
pumpkin pie mix and Hungarian Pepita
we're just looking at the map guys and
don't panic cuz we know where the Moody
Bible Institute is just in case anyone
needs to know we've found our way to Oak
Street which is so much like LA my
Beverly Hills and Rodeo Drive like the
feel of it and they have Barney's and
we're gonna go into colonies we just
bumped into another subscriber in
Starbucks was super nice she told us to
come down here so that is what we have
sold trees and the high found Sprinkles
Cupcakes they have a cupcake ATM so good
water
can we get which ones we get cinnamon
sugar triple cinnamon on use peanut
butter chocolate oh it's gone Oh pumpkin
anything yeah I think we have a pumpkin
pumpkin oh my god one of those yeah
check out now
oh my god this is the coolest thing I've
ever seen
like it's coming done is the coolest
thing ever
check this cupcake in the cupcake hold
on yeah so we have stop afternoon tea in
the peninsula hotel it looks like we've
come into Vegas if you look at all the
goal of the stuff is pretty cool and
this is the view outside the window it
is a seriously beautiful day in Chicago
today and this is our tea look at all
these cakes Lauren's looking like we've
got scones and we look at sandwiches and
we've got try T is well extra cream we
unit looks like really interesting as we
get on funds we're doing off-duty in
America because we're just weird English
people look where we're heading I'm so
excited with apparently they have the
our gosh blush the hourglass blush trios
in
robot we're in Nordstrom right now
that's like a building site is the width
experience it's like we shouldn't be
here
look where we are
we haven't stop and change for a bit of
a warmer outfit choice but we've managed
to track down both Body Works sounds
metal retaining candles Oh knowing oh
yeah
Lauren has never been in here for ever
yes pumpkin everything yes so we are
currently on our way to be headboard
because we're going over gecko we're
going on a helicopter ride which was
booked as a surprise for us and
I'll miss you you know I think what's
gonna be okay but I'm getting nervous
now I think it's gonna be cool I've
never been in a helicopter a night
before
do you have like a special license to go
a night somebody's helicopters can't go
in I may need you to get us had to go
visit you but we'll see you guys what
you you're here to support us not really
as a camera isn't it so
we run around my eye when I'm around
this was our helicopter
it's ready
it was amazing it's a bit scary at first
actually what we got
well
we finish there goes right it was
amazing like properly amazing bringing
out in this I'm going to tell you about
it later
but we are now in a restaurant
and surprise though we are getting
I'm excited it's oyster time
Laurens trying an oyster and she doesn't
like one before four years ago
I'm scared because I know he goes around
like a madman I don't know you sorted me
out and vinegar make sure it's loose
give a little jiggle yes fine and then
it's trying to go around like this so
yeah so I'll shoot and then just
straight back go chew it I like to chew
them you don't have to
clam chowder is probably one of my
favorite things ever I am excited yo we
got some shrimp bruschetta it's made
with avocado mousse and grapefruit so
here we are home sweet home I'm so tired
I can't even focus my eyeball because I
had to take one contact lens out because
it was like drying up but we had the
most amazing night the helicopter was
probably one of the coolest spirit
experiences I've ever had in my life
it was literally stunning and we got to
fly like right around all the buildings
and I've never liked a lot of big cities
you can't do that like you're not
allowed to do that so it was just
amazing it was such an awesome
experience and I hope we got some good
footage was so noisy that I don't know
what the sound is gonna sound like on
the camera so we will see you'll have
just seen it anyway so I hope it was
good and you could kind of get an idea
of what we were doing because honestly
it was spectacular and I'm feel very
lucky to have been it was good yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow hope you're all
having a lovely day bye guys hey guys
and welcome to blogeee tobert day 8
today me and Lauren in Chicago actually
properly in Chicago because last night
it was dark arena get to see anything
