hey guys and welcome to vlog tobert day
eight today me and Lauren are in Chicago
actually properly in Chicago because
last night it was dark really get to see
anything we're currently walking down
the main shopping street which is the
Magnificent coffee and they spelled my
name right for the first time ever do
you have a name
Lauren Lauren no this is Lauren does it
a hey yeah thanks aw
so we're heading to
the Art Museum and millennium park this
morning and you guys come along with us
even if you don't want to have found the
cloud the bean shaped cloud we can't my
work out whether its economy I think
it's meant to be a cloud and can you see
us walking in it can you see us
we're like in the middle there hi yeah
so we're gonna have a look around here
take some photos it's so cool how
reflective is it's almost like
mesmerizing so cool let's go inside how
cool it is guys we just did a jump but
you can see we just did a silly jumping
picture and it was quite funny oh my god
it's got like a holiday
we're in the Japanese art section right
now this is my favorite thing it's a
screen that goes from winter to summer
silver for ceilings as you walk along
look at this amazing staircase I think
this is like this may be the center of
the museum it's crazy because the
building from the outside is really
modern then this is very old-fashioned
lots of walking upstairs we ran them one
a room moment they have so much money
here and these are my favorites their
London paintings like I love this one
and this one and these ones I changed my
mind I think this is actually my
favorite you just come out of our
Institute it was actually amazing it was
Lauren especially she's been raving
raving about it now a massive art fun we
loved it was actually it's not really
appropriate to vlog in museums it's
always a very quick but we saw lots of
one name saw Andy Warhol and Picasso
they have so many flavors are you've
never been to any art gallery just go to
that one you're done I have to say it's
probably best one I've ever been to as
well so I love that and now we are
walking look how beautiful it looks
right here guys we are walking back into
into the park and we're gonna get our
first view of the link which I'm excited
about and here is a great view of
Chicago as well it's so cool here I love
it and what I like most is that there's
not really many tourists so it's all
really quiet and
you don't feel like in the like touristy
trap hustle hustle so I'm loving it so
far so this is our first view of the
lake and you can see there's a boat
coming this is crazy I've never seen the
lake so big that it looks like
receivable like it's huge and I think we
need some transmit now and then probably
do a little bit of shopping and then go
and get lobster rolls oh dear Lord
I think that's all I need to say found
the shops surprise surprise and we just
walked past shaker oh my god I'm God I
know they've got stars in this season
I'm gonna go look at jewelry they had
like 50% off jewelry sale going on like
sale and then 40% off extra I mean who
died new nails I know let's go through
it you can walk through it right
are you allowed to I'm gonna go back in
I do
it's very look at this church guys it
looks like something out of Harry Potter
in the middle of the shopping street and
there's a big fat bus in the way and now
you can't see it but it looks so cool
and it's like covered in ivy
see
we're going up the ferris wheel and it's
honestly the most beautiful evening sky
is stunning and there's a huge moon
we're gonna show you I feel like I'm in
dream so this is where we're going for
dinner go home let's go it was really
cool look at the tiles
I feel like a widow walking in with a
camera it's cool we have some drinks
going on I got a postpone a meal which
is basically like a Moscow Mule but with
mint and lime it's really really good
Lauren from the trier I'm gonna try it
what you think
oh my god it's really good right hey
Jenny busy Mycenaeans be James Bunny's
lemon hey sugar
like the lights to our starters have
arrived and I I won basically this is
the bone marrow and steak tartare Lauren
got the beet salad
it looks good still it looks good
yeah and this is Sarah or fret Laurens
friendships really good mine
our main survive I ordered the spaetzle
with beef tongue pretty good this smells
amazing is the chicken I think I may
have one I think you may have wild on
the stove and your leg comes in like a
serial killer at night yeah just in case
you're not bringing that home to the
hotel room I'll be scared and it looks
great I'm gonna eat this
another thing we just notice is that
above our table they have a whole table
laid on the wall like this is where
we've been sitting this is the wall yeah
and it's like on a mirror that's so cool
we like it it must be very strong
superglue
so yeah back in our hotel room I am
super tired we've managed to make it to
about 11 11 38 I'm quite impressed big
night almost midnight but to be fair
like jet lag sucks I woke up at 2:00
a.m. and then force myself to you a bit
more sleep and then we took a sleeping
pill between us we don't explain when a
4:00 in the morning we're both awake
we're like we can't sleep let's take
half a sleeping pill each oh my god so
yeah we had a really fun night though
the restaurant was really cool as well
and actually the waitress was a
subscriber a name was Kaylee so Kaylee
if you are watching this hi and thanks
so much for being so lovely and then
Riza there and for the free dessert she
gives the free dessert how cool is that
it's the best thing ever
it was like salted caramel ice cream
with chocolate sauce stuff and hazelnut
and this like chocolate biscuit thing it
was amazing and me and another guy who
worked in the restaurant he didn't
actually tell us his name but his
girlfriend was a subscriber to so they
were super super nice and it was really
cool ever actually met a lot of
subscribers in Chicago I didn't think
that Chicago would be like a place where
people and subscribers I don't know why
but um yeah I feel like I've met lots of
people today and it's been really nice
and yeah a good proper first day in
Chicago had a real nice day and that's
it say I'll see you in the morning I
feel like I'm so tired I'm slightly
delirious
bye guys hey guys and welcome to vlog
Tober day 7 today I'm going to airport
and I went to Chicago and I thought it
would do a really quick outfit as a date
tree one way on the plane I am wrapped
up seriously walk
