good morning guys and welcome to vlog
Tober day five this is going quick as
net today I'm having a half-day and you
know why I'm having it that day because
it's miserable it's actually cleared up
in the last ten minutes but is still
raining has been like torrential rain on
our way down today I say long way down
where are we going we're going to London
today actually books at lunch at a
restaurant called Bob Bob Ricard from
when Bob's birthday they've just started
doing lunches on Saturdays and she's
never been there and it's one of my
favorite places so I was like this is
gonna be awesome I'm gonna take it down
for lunch and because her brother it's
really poorly she has had to go and help
after him so she can't come
however Mike and I are going down with a
couple of our friends
Mike's driving as per usual here's my
chauffeur but no we're gonna go and eat
some delicious amazing food and probably
drink a couple of us champagne as well
whether you will be a champion at the
highway I buy me by quote I will tie
friend jack and my friend pin are also
going
like super cool because we see jackal
triumphs we actually haven't seen him in
a couple of weeks I haven't see Ben for
a couple of months actually have her
birthday present this is how long it's
been since I've seen her this is her
birthday present her birthday is at the
end of July or is it at the end of
August I knew I knew what it was when it
was her birthday obviously I think it's
the end of all this is 23rd of August
anyway I haven't seen her because I
haven't seen her so long so the
packaging on her birthday present has
faded look at the backs like bright
green and then the front is faded that's
a bad friend points but I'm gonna give
it to her today is a perfume so yeah
she's not gonna see this before I give
it to her I'm gonna give it to her in
like two minutes so to the matter that I
told you do a quick Oh are we not really
there
I don't know we're not living there to
see her like an hour we're having major
stress drama trying to get there we
decided today that we were driving to
central London because I always the
weekend there's no congestion charge but
there's been like three roads closed and
they're exactly where we wanted to go so
we are currently six minutes late
and I feel like we're probably about ten
minutes away and Mike is stressing out
you know like being late we're totally
you know over ten minutes late why
because you were ten minutes late
getting out the house well always by
five it is always we made it till we
arrived on time well not on time we're
about 15 minutes late but we arrived and
Jack was already here
drinking champagne made with men who has
been in a blog before and just reminded
me of it at the brits when I was really
ill and she dropped her phone down the
toilet standards but the question is
have you already peed quickly it's very
cold and there's a button that you press
with champagne but we're still don't
press it yeah we've still got champagne
I'm gonna drink my champagne I think
she's driving our food has arrived
look at this guys we were actually super
boring and three of us ordered steak so
me Jack and min all have steak but it
looks amazing and my ass
this is lobster mac and not mac and
cheese lobster potato sorry I'm focusing
on the focus here we go this is lobster
mashed potato
it looks amazing amazing so we finished
lunch it was so good and now we are
walking in the rain I'm in security
glamour so that our brother comes in
useful we're going to space and caring
because the new NARS lipsticks are out
and I'm determined to get one or two or
three for 65 we're just in liberties and
mere men of issues bang the hoist below
you we lost you oh we are leaving
so there are some we're all readers for
you stationary section now fYI is
amazing oh we're gonna have Kate Spade
in it now yeah these things I love
Heights pair has erm like little devil
on the back it's really cute so I love
Kate Spade in these styles I would never
use that
circle trio find the voice look at these
2015 let's thinking ahead we just left
this secret picture on on an iPhone in
the Apple Store I'm sure they clear them
every night another thing we've just
noticed is that the camera has like a
slight lifter this would get scratched
yeah but they do that so they can fit
the camera in still wouldn't make it
thinner that would get so scratch you've
come into a pen shop I like to buy
refill versus pen there's a seven
thousand six hundred and sixty pound
pencil the pencil like four hundred
pounds I thought that's expensive been
found a half a cat why don't they make
dog hats they always make cats we've
stopped into Whole Foods and Jack's not
long but Mike doesn't want to come a min
don't even know what it was so I think
I'm alone here but not Jack just found
in Whole Foods an avocado slicer the
question is would you pay seven month
alone to save slicing your avocados I'm
not so sure about that
a strawberry huller really really what's
that a twisting people you want that
twisted cable and you know it oh my
the most olives I've ever seen in my
life I bought some things from Whole
Foods check it out guys this can I just
point out this innocent smoothie is
Mike's I'm going to show you what I got
let's do it I got some Inspira kale
chips which are wasabi wheatgrass flavor
or Mike can you put that light back on
thank you and I also got some more which
are cacao and cinnamon flavor how
amazing does that sound like interesting
interesting combo I got this for the
journey home which sounds incredible
rebel kitchen that's the back chai milk
100% dairy free what is in it water
coconut milk date nectar cacao cinnamon
turmeric and cardamom
sounds amazing I also got this which I
don't know what I'm going to eat this
probably for breakfast at some point
it's a Chia pod mango flavored I thought
it sounded good and Mike got his apple
juice and the boys got a sample a green
nose and then I also got some sour cream
guacamole and there's some salsa under
there whichever dip oh there's actually
watermelon which is for me but there is
some salsa under there I got a Z via
which I always see Nikki drinking these
and I've never seen them in England
before so I bought one it's black cherry
flavor my card you okay one second and
the last thing that I got was this which
is Co yo coconut milk yogurt and I got
the chocolate favourite one this is like
a giant portion which will probably do
like three portions but I thought it
looks yummy
because we don't have anything even
nearly like Whole Foods where we live so
it excites me greatly when I see it
we're gonna go home now
and I don't know what we're gonna do
this evening probably chill out in my
onesie and just get chubby eating all
this food I forgot to show you guys as
well I got to
of the new NARS audacious lipsticks that
just came out I got Brigitte and Greta
and I'm so excited for this one on the
left is Brigitte which i think is going
to be a perfect like everyday lipstick
and this one it's brighter one here is
Greta
love them I'm so excited on the
packaging is really nice as well
the old NARS packaging was not as good
as then we are home
we've rustled up I say we Jack just
rustled up because he is the chef
whenever Jack comes over he ends up
cooking it makes me feel bad either
he just loves cooking oh we're really
bad at cooking meals running our food
which do you think it is oh I don't know
so yeah we just have some quick fajitas
you know it's actually quite late now
it's nearly nine o'clock and you know
we're gonna eat these and then probably
watch a movie or play a song because it
the boys think that I'm not gonna be
able to shut this and I've gone a bit
ambitious with my fajita filling boiler
we all the girl let's find out I think I
might still with all the dogs are going
crazy dogs are very excited because the
focus I'm in focus oh I reckon gonna do
it I recommend it
95 flip pro this is like the optimal
amount
I hope that guys everywhere oh yeah
so it's bedtime for me guys I just fell
asleep on the sofa might woke me I was
like oh no I want to sleep down here I'm
so funny when I'm asleep which I
actually you guys may have seen a couple
of lesbians
um I always try and argue with him I'm
going to stay downstairs no stay here
I'll sleep here Mike's like no come on
time for bed but that is it for say guys
let's give me lots of packing going on
tomorrow because I haven't even thought
about it and I leave on Monday ah
see you tomorrow bye guys and welcome to
vlog Toba day for this is going really
really quickly today
it is currently 642
