hey guys and welcome to vlog tober day 3
today i'm gonna super clean the tiny
kitchen
check it out this excites me greatly we
are filming with Sainsbury's today so
the kitchen is what it has to be like
super tidy so that obviously everything
can fit in because they bring a lot of
food we film about three recipes a day
when we're filming so it's kind of top
secret information I'm telling you guys
Lauren D so we filmed three different
recipes when we're filming like per
filming day and we're doing today and
tomorrow and so they basically come in
and cover this whole table with all the
ingredients and food and everything and
then we cook on here and obviously the
background has to be tidy too so mike
has been cleaning the kitchen whilst
I've been editing yesterday's vlog this
morning the puppies are having their
Chow and you have to sit with them
because otherwise piglet decides she
wants to try to eat the other dog's food
and the other dogs decide they want to
eat piglet food so we're gonna walk
these dudes now and then get filming
what's time we have a round room thank
you 15 minutes we start busy day hey you
can't bring him on the walk silly puppy
today is the first day that she feels
like awesome look at the dogs and all
the Z's well they're still important
you'll find after that we here
I've got coat on but Mike's coat on pig
a wiggle you are small these guys get
really frustrated with pigs she's so
slow they're like rushing around
sniffing around piggies like this I know
she wants to be a springer spaniel
that's for sure we've also got the full
clown on this walk fever and growler
they come on walks as well I don't know
I think it's quite normal for cats to
come all these guys come everyday though
they love it and I'll cats and dogs get
on super well except piglet barks in the
cat sometimes but she's stopping she's
in training
beating out first
yesterday she went first where could she
swim how she can't really legs just kind
of making noises and splashing cause
wait did she like it I'm not sure she
was grumbling afterwards cuz she was wet
oh sweet
she gets really grumpy when she gets
cold and she kind of goes sets up for
our first recipe we are cooking twice
today
how are you feeling about this fight
this one's gonna be tasty my request is
that we make pies this is Joe who films
us and Heather who is hiding on camera
who has been helping us everything up
and let's get cooking I'm a doctor buddy
the dogs are actually being look at them
oh sweet like a squid you're being good
girls grin sew it onto the third recipe
of the day the second one is actually
still in the auger are you all right
we're cooking a cake for mutton okay
this is what it's looking like in the
moment this is a sneak peek but you guys
have to watch the recipe when it goes up
because it is so cool look compare they
are in there cooking away next we're
doing three different chocolate tasty
things I think we've got like chocolate
and coffee tarts we've got what's the
other one brownies like Blondie's even
and then we've also got a fridge cake
which sounds weird but it's basically
got pistachios in it so it looks amazing
we're making all three of these we're
gonna be quite a fat by tomorrow I think
yeah and the dogs are actually been
really good today normally these guys
are really naughty piglet has all been a
bit much for you hasn't it pig
various reasons
Denny's with Mike out for dinner mise en
sc√®ne for it zooms in that I'm also
blogging on a new camera do you guys
like the quality and I am very jealous
so that's amazing I sharpen up really
you look good okay right so it is
Vincent currently it is 35 parts the
film started at car parts that means
we're late not like being a they just
put something that they put a picture on
there might be a second about 20 minutes
trailers so we're gonna meet cutting it
fine and I think it's one of those films
that he missed the beginning Ultima
pearl yeah you know keeping me if you
always laser units he used upon us
like that was my thing
this is a lesson in how you eat a pizza
as fast as you can I don't have to worry
because this is the size of my salads
just to put this into perspective right
now we might obviously know how to eat
fast
nailed it these two Wow to be fair you
also have it was about five times the
size of mine
I think I definitely got a starter
portion we got popcorn and everything
quick so we made it cinema by the skin
of our tea we walked in as a star think
perfect timing
but I was very disappointed by that film
I was super super excited about it
slightly disappointing on the plus side
hotdog I was like hail my pizza when
hailed our food and then went in for two
and a half hour film that was intense it
was intense and some parts felt really
good but I think it's one of those
things that it's probably amazing as a
book but it's
slightly less satisfying is how I would
describe us what I've read books
everybody yeah I was previous watching
with its standing but did you like it I
thought it's good as we ran around seas
I've got a pretty bad car from my not
supposed to be running what did you see
yeah so that's it for today guys I think
it's been a bit crazy now and still
haven't answered yesterday's vlog so
it's gonna be fun evening it currently
11:27 and yeah we'll see guys tomorrow
for more cooking and it's mom's birthday
tomorrow
sharpen up
boy it's online it's online good
