good morning guys good morning you're
not invariably my coffee everyone I'm
sorry everything is the second day of
the corner earth where our way to my
meetup 9:30 early saw cotton we require
your con otras I'm trying to check in
with proselyte home tonight you're
really cheap Iggy and some kind of I'm
so ready to see piggy I'm beyond ready
there's some kind of party going on
so we just finished my Meetup and like
some Tuscan cycleways get lots of photos
and we're now we just checked out the
hotel's checked our bags and we have a
few hours I think we're going to go for
lunch with Joey and Daniel come eat some
lunch in the sunshine or can you do an
outfit today how we might have changed
though I'm wearing this topic we're all
just kind of like
off-the-shoulder by comparing it throw
it on the floor just dump it and then my
jacket okay look why not give it a twirl
as well for help world is now pretty
well identify projector total and I did
have - crowded eyes which really what
would you have it but now is checked out
I have my giant dry Negros bag because
it fits all of your stuff in things is
all of your stuff in the x
there's yeah like live water my bag
there's the VidCon pass some headphones
which should be in a case that they're
not my wallet a giant hairbrush probably
some fluff portable charger that's run
out of battery this is my favorite one
that's a smart phone dumb battery true
story
we're on our way to the airport saying
goodbye dad like 3:45 now we have my
hang-up like in that
you know this my prose is ready read if
you just watch them maybe not
excitement astonishment powerful
shopping I went for my like you're
sitting so low I want to do this and I
actually can't go ahead on if you're
restoring magazine I'm totally the ones
like acting like the intersection in
what you put your session becoming a
flash zooming in tight to invade your
personal space real issues via emotions
we had a fun little dance and a has been
gay I like the Rachel like so much more
children the u.s. they quite like
Michele to be easy cause my people this
is the lower panel well it has been nice
to me preserve see more than one
I love it in the center of Amsterdam
Airport they have a house of tulips and
the massive cheese station good sir
Green Team Mike is going all out in the
airport guys he's shopping for man bags
look at him he's googling he's googling
alternatives so funny look when he sees
something he likes he gets like a proper
mission on solo battle that one I I much
prefer that one I have to say my word
that is like join a garage it's like a
weekend bag front pocket is having some
little of I like the front
I'll get intense on Rimland this one in
Aspen or this one of her mom blonde Mike
buying his designer handbags so he
decided not to go for it but he has just
bought himself a new belt only straps
and labelled and my theory is basically
because a big spender that bag was twice
as there's a be a small bag it means I
can buy myself a new problem no it does
not because we haven't spent it ready
everyone say I'm the big spenders anyone
I've just saved a consequence of you've
saved me money have you having to do
that because I didn't spend you listed
something more expensive than prior to
get out there and normally I would have
just bought it
we're at the airport so early so we're
just walking and walking walking
let me show anything I know the problem
is there's also a watch out of life
more cake I'll say I've been fine too
many show anything at me
how'd it go Jamie clearly have the
issues if I don't have things a little
bit look at my trolley as well I was the
most hilarious non manly trolley this is
the walk help for that we're having an
airport feast mixture between Japanese
and Chinese we got them some gyoza sushi
sashimi
these were tempura prawns perform I gave
them another sneaky purchase by MDF this
smells so good
it's like neroli force win over much
more fruity Mandarin nose smells really
good and we just got these for our
friend Libby who is dog-sitting
classic
so we just got home and the doggies are
in the room hello there guys I've just
opened my mail from the past week when
I've been gone and this is the most
exciting thing that arrived oh my
goodness the portrait of piggy from the
guys at Maria nila how nice and that is
too far flaps ruler to flare and Piglet
phone ringing their handset vegan
products for you to try so sweet oh my
beautiful baby so gorgeous spy and
illustrator called Freya Clark she's
awesome looks just like Piggy and then
some have the lovely hair products to
try which I love their packaging already
ever tried a couple of things from this
brand before but I really like the
packaging so we shall see and then I
also got some goodies from Zoe's new
range is a little note here that says
here are some of the new additions to my
classic beauty range super cute little
makeup by what actually a massive makeup
bag which won't be good for taking to
Coachella and then with a little little
makeup bag a little trio of sprays and a
shower body and shower oil so will
Barton shower oil anyway those and then
there's some minis of the Jo Malone
rarities I love these I don't think that
actually selling these sizes they've
just launched the 75 mil version the
originals I think would really like 200
million massive and these are 15 mil but
as far as the press release says they're
not actually selling these but they are
so cute I love all of the fragrances so
that's exciting and then I also got the
new Tom Ford
summer collection for labor lonk is one
of my favorite so actually will be my
favorite sense from Tom Ford and they
have the body oil the body spray there's
a really gorgeous like geo highlighter
in here I can't wait to try this is
definitely coming to Coachella with me
you guys can see look how beautiful this
is stunning and then there's lots of
little lipsticks a little container in
here with six lipsticks new collection
bits which I haven't actually tried yet
but these are coming out in a few months
so I'm going to try them out new batiste
bit and then this is actually looks
quite interesting it's a Murad cushion
it's like skincare cushion we will see
what that's like some new Clinique SPF
what you're going to take to shallow and
hourglass mineral primer new color of
the cover effects enhance drops which
they actually sent me all of the new
shades but this one is rose gold which
it's the nicest that's why I'm keeping
and then last but not least bittern off
the new flower bomb bloom which I just
sprayed it's not amazing
and then I have a little pile of very
exciting it clothes from Free People and
revolve which you guys will see when I'm
in Katella hopefully if it so yes now I
have to tidy all this up there's a
little dog in here
what are you doing how come you're in
the hallway what are you waiting for me
please like my toes have you seen Miss
Piggy look it's you if you this is what
I have to deal with guys would be doing
no looking just kissing Oh Pepe I missed
you hmm missed you
can we stay like this all night yeah cut
off to you love no good Sheila tree
cramp okay forget it's your face like
this mm-hmm
face snuggle hello mrs. love nugget
oh ho little one I miss you and I miss
you beautiful girl and I miss you Oh
guys look at that tongue so I've got my
crazy Charlotte Tilbury mask on which on
the side note I've been trying to drink
whilst wearing this and it's really hard
to do but anyway masking it up I'm going
to go to bed now what I'm actually going
to explore this footage and then get
editing it for tomorrow
because I've been so behind with clogged
I know I've got all the furry friends
Crowley's here and I have offered quid
although I know I do have a little muff
can't show it but I've got a little
muffler hopefully the sound quality was
better and little Pepe LePew has gone
for a little explore outside mic letting
her out she's disappeared
should we back in with it so yeah I'll
see you guys in the morning
bye bye from crazy Jason X style hockey
was cray goodbye
