good morning guys and welcome to vlog
tober day 2 today it's actually a little
bit later so I lost 9 I got up past 9:00
yes I got up I have to look at like 5
clocks to make sure I've got the right
time I got up super early today because
I had to refilm some shots for a get
ready with me video that I filmed at the
weekend and the files got corrupted
which was super annoying
so I'm Mike just walked in looking or
businesslike and I think I'm gonna cook
some eggs for my breakfast and I wanted
to ask you guys I also woke up last
night in the middle of the night well
it's about 5:00 in the morning the wrong
way around in bed
so like feet at the top and head at the
feet end and I have no idea I remember
getting up in the night or like whether
I wiggled round Pleasants will wake up
to them what my feet okay nice beard
you've got going on here was this beard
I think it's a bit long you reckon
yeah I think I like facial hair on you a
lot I think maybe maybe maybe three days
ago is the premium length oh yeah uh I
was just gonna keep a big Santa beard
and you can be Santa for Christmas yes
don't think I've got a sense of a ting
me thumbs up if you want Mike's bro
Santa beard for Christmas yeah it's
getting bushier y'all do you get the
book here it gets yeah it should be
getting Bush here by now egg time is it
normal buy eggs I'm wearing I don't know
if I'm weird and doing that I like
eating boiled oats just with spoon and
then this is a little bit put well a lot
I'm not gonna need all of that of
paprika salt so it's like spicy and
tasty and good and I like this a lot so
I am actually rushing out of the house
now it's about half past or 20 past
12:00 or I managed to get last-minute
hair appointment to get my hair done I'm
going to Chicago on Monday and then
after I get back I don't have a free day
for like another week so it's my one day
and I've got where I can get my hair
done so I'm actually at last night
appointment
so just organize it and poke it in
advance and I'm rushing off Mike's going
to be about an hour I think we get home
so I'm giving these hooligans some trees
these are the ones the big dogs have
it's we you squidge won't you think if I
put it on the floor you go take it
Chico this one's for you why are you
guys being funny look at it there you
won't let piglet have it that's for sure
and then piglet has these little ones
because the other ones are too big for
her so she has to have the mini ones and
she loves them Pig we have lunch Froylan
and I think I might
I've just got home and these guys have
just gotten for a walk this one in the
dirty dog
piglet some please and piglets dirty you
must have had a good time
hey treacle sweetie so yeah I just got
my hair done
actually I'm so happy with it it I
actually got it cut as well the first
time in I think six months it's looking
a little bit windswept because I've been
outside I didn't get much off the length
I just had a little trim and then I had
a bit more cut off the front of it there
I had my highlights done and it just
feels so good there is nothing as good
as that like fresh out of the salon
feeling when you walk out you're like ah
my hair feels so light why is that well
I guess because you get stuff cut off it
but even if they just color it it just
feels like really like anyway I also
bought some goodies I've got oh my god
there's like ten pound coins in here
because I only had no piglet that's not
for you to eat no more range service for
you I basically had a 20 pound note and
it the machines card thing was broken so
I got I think I got 17 pounds 20 and
change and all that would even fit my
wallet so we have pound coins forever um
great yeah I topped up on the unite
wonder shampoo which I really love it's
like a blue shampoo its massive breaks
though which is kind of weird I got this
which I've no try before it's the
texturizing spray which I'm excited to
try because the love texturizing spray
and I love unite so hopefully that
combination will be good and I got my
seven seconds conditioner which I've
just run out of and I've also got a mini
Moroccan oil because I am going away in
the next couple of days and I have had
my other miniature one I'll show you
what these guys look like I had my other
miniature one for about five years and
seal on the bottle is broken the leaks
everywhere but this is what they look
like just miniature version of Moroccan
oil which is good stuff and that is it
we are heading out to
stay desperate we're heading out to
dinner now it's one of our friends it
was one of our friends birthdays last
week I'm gonna put some makeup on and
then we're gonna go and eat Mexican food
so I am ready to go
I have just thrown on a little bit of
makeup and I thought I would do a quick
outfit of the day if Michael will hold
the camera that would be super amazing I
am wearing my hair which I grew myself
and I did not grow it in this color
obviously cuz I just have any color and
I've got a little bit of black Mac
liquid eyeliner don't get too close
because I did it in about 30 seconds and
I have on Sado foundation and a new look
lip gloss and the feelings bits and bobs
like concealer this is from H&M this
little jumper which I am obsessed with
right now I'm wearing all the time and
this is a necklace from you cans even in
this this is from whistles it slowly
Frost whistles and then have on this
shirt from Topshop which was pretty old
that's switch and then I have on skinny
jeans which I'm so annoyed I dropped wax
on them earlier today and I'm gonna have
to get my mum to help fix that because
it's not good and then I have on my
boots which are from flowers and they
have a little CC on the back what are
you a nice which I'm wearing wet dog
squid is wearing Fleur that she grew
herself she's got some really nice sir
long fluffy ears and treacle is wearing
these really on trend black spots and
mike is wearing a shirt from Ralph Wren
yes jumper from American Eagle cords
because he's an old man from Robin yes
and converse is from converse yes
check me out I know your whole outfit
right let's go and eat Mexican food are
you hungry
sorry I'm so hungry I had no lunch and
you know I'm like when I don't get fed I
get hungry I get really bad hangry and I
didn't realize that when I was away my
laptop ran out of battery so my
yesterday's vlog didn't export properly
so we're gonna have to try and take this
with us and be really really sociable
and like take a laptop that's great when
you've only got
and about me I know your eyelashes where
did you get your eyes well let's you get
them from shut them again they look like
fake eyelashes you joke after you have
arrived about 5 years after Mike decided
he was gonna drive three times around
the car park trying to find a parking
space you wanted to again we are
here and where you have made the end of
bowling I don't think we're actually
gonna get to play but we might get to go
and watch
I think spike is here which it should be
fun so and we are going to Hollywood
Bowl not the real Hollywood Bowl bowling
and even bollocks you're not winning are
you how many points have you got
tag video feed
how beautiful
give the celebratory dance going on
right now bowling with kids is a lot
better than bowling on your own
I'm gonna do it
well sharpen up number one out boys
online its online
good I think I need a lighter
- my turn now yeah I we're not wearing
the right Footwear whatever you are
Becky huh sexy
business
doesn't a bumper you are teasing we have
made a quick stop in the arcade section
of the bowling spike and everybody else
is over there playing on the 10 P
machines but me and my family
aliens game it's not as cool as obvious
but it will do it has gone like doesn't
let me control the start of things
because I always press one player modes
and then he gets really humid Yeah right
you did on purpose other points okay
hold the place oh yeah
yeah let sunlight down the gun
there's no aliens is a racing situation
going on I wonder who's gonna win
the food has arrived
look at these nachos I can't even deal
with it we have empty plate sis G is his
birthday they have birthdays and the
boys are eating all the food Mike is
eating look at that beard some burgers
came with giant Chili's on and we're
gonna test to see if they're harmful
gandhi's the whole thing oh my god if
it's really hot give me so bad it's not
too bad it's gonna start burning God
then is it hot
this appointment I got the tasty-looking
attackers with chicken and terrific oh
no we just got home and I am feeling a
little bit sleepy I just fell asleep in
the car just smile there's no word on
the way home but I'm just gonna have a
quick cuddle with the puppies now and
then we're gonna go to bed we've got a
long day tomorrow because we're shooting
some food videos for our saying three
channels so I will see you guys tomorrow
bye bye good morning guys and welcome to
day one of log Toba I'm so excited to be
doing blocked over and like vlogging
doing a vlogging month again I feel a
bit nervous because I haven't done it in
ages but I just woke up
