good morning guys and welcome to day one
of October I'm so excited to be doing
blocked over and like vlogging doing a
vlogging month again I feel a bit
nervous cuz I haven't done it in ages
but I just woke up this is what I look
like you know all those pictures and all
that's on Instagram like I woke up like
this pretending that they really did
wake up like that no they didn't I woke
up like this
yeah I was coughing so much that I was
like I'm just gonna come downstairs and
chill with dogs and make some breakfast
I say make some breakfast I'm actually
just pouring muesli and milk into a bowl
and eating it but dogs are keeping me
company they are in here they're
obsessed with leaves just like leaves
all over the floor especially piglet she
like brings them in it's slightly
annoying
where is pig wave we've made her we
switch lights on here we've made her
like a little ramp out of the sofa
cushion so that she can run up and down
on the sofa and she loves it she loves
it don't you clean it and squidge is
here with the toy yeah she likes to
tempt piglet there's my oh look at my
toy look dang was around her nose and
then growls at her if she actually tries
to play with it and then treat the
tricky is being abused by piglet thumb
bulla hey girls don't bully treacle
she's a feisty little monkey right when
you eat my breakfast cope I'm looking
slightly more polished right now these
guys are going on a walk hello vlog Tova
hello new you arty danger logged over
and he's been crying because she wants
to go on a walk so much you're not cute
at all puppy you're not keep it tall
brightness you want to go to do you use
to don't wanna go on a walk do you see
you later alligator
goodbye so I've just arrived at my mum's
because I'm meeting my sister who's
actually just arrived and I wanted to
really quickly show you these little
critters
mum's dog has had puppies and she has
three how old are they now in five weeks
five weeks five week old boys
and yeah there's mousey good girl if he
wants his name of Batman Batman Batman
Wolverines that one and trigger you
little monkey don't you pull my tights
don't you pull my doubts one of my
really good friends is having trigger
two which is super exciting because
we'll still get to see him yeah in the
car on our way to London Hannah is
driving in her massive truck and we have
a special little addition to the trip
Lulu she's willing me Gropius face she
can I think the last time Luca would
have been in a club would be when she
was tiny so she's changed a lot got an
extra blondie in the back who is
literally pulling a potato face Lulu
you monkey their smile are we gonna go
shopping Lulu for handbags yeah thanks
no have the hikes what about shoes
goodbye shoes yeah shoes shoes I think
we're actually gonna go to Harrods
because it's awesome I normally go but I
think with blue it will be really fun
because they have like a massive kids
section
and they also just recently redid their
shoe department which apparently has
about 15,000 I'm probably exaggerating
probably 1500 it has a lot of shoes in
it anyway I haven't seen it yet so yeah
we're gonna go some lunch I just
generally have a nice day I'm so full of
coal right now what's up what's up
play me like the canceling Lulu
so yeah let's go we're about half an
hour away probably we've arrived that's
pretty loud we arrived in London and
they were especially lovely later than
we thought we're going to meet the boys
for lunch so we've come to Covent Garden
first and we're going oh my god
everything is so noisy today we're going
to sorry kids there's a separate is our
kids to look for new things for Lulu
Lulu actually spent the entire journey
down as I'll empty my handbag so I don't
know but maybe we can find her own
handbag oh my god yes Oh nearly
alright Rhys what do you think Malaysia
yeah oh my god thank you look what we
found which one you like better Lulu the
blue the pink the blue or the pink the
Blues nicer are you obsessed obsessed
with handbags oh my god guys I found a
lobster roll in London
having some amazing language how good I
can't even deal with it we made it to
Harrods Lully definitely shoe heaven
express lift News had an outfit change
quickly express their power amazing the
lifts are in Harrods I haven't been here
in a long time who knows really thinks
it's amazing we were going to go to toys
but then we saw their shoe sign and I
think we don't like shoes as much as
toys will be burgers where are they it's
Christmas Christmas we're currently
getting lost in Harrods shoe section
which is massive like ridiculous it's
like a maze and we just went and had a
little look at sphere Webster shoes
because I had my eye on some for a while
but they didn't have the ones that I
really like so we will see look Lulu
she's literally been going around trying
to grab everything going Wow
I think we've worn this little stopper
out yes
now it's proper shopping times so yeah
we've just got home and Mike has been
here all afternoon with Spike I just to
show you this Spike's car seat has been
in Mike's car all day driven the car
down the drive he's driven the lawnmower
Thank You winky have you exploit those
cuddles AJ yeah we've been getting up in
the grill every 10 seconds oh eh kisses
Jeff the force here is apparently
cooking me dinner how amazing you yeah
you've got chicken in big wrapped in
bacon with a bit of cheese
oh really awesome chips I'll show you in
this mirror here this is spiked pizza
they had dinner I just got home and one
piece said me a new onesie how cool is
this
this excites me greatly and it also gave
me discount codes if you're thinking of
ordering a onesie I'll put a discount
code in the info bar below I think it's
20% off but don't quote me on that
because I haven't actually read it but
if you think of buying onesie I'm
actually really too hot in this because
I put it on top of my tights and now I
am hot stuff
I'm always have you had my say had a
long day I'm tired
how cute is this Mike went we did a
picture of Batman stuff alongside
mimikar how is his party today
yeah here's the first one be good it's
been good the first time he was in a
convertible so first time no convertible
but yeah and he also said my positive
way better than your mini my mini is the
best car in the web near whatever in the
world I am gonna take this onesie off
what I'm gonna take my tights off now
because it's really hot it's actually
weirdly been so hot the last couple of
weeks but I'm not sure I like it I'm
like ready for autumn now I'm ready to
embrace the cooler weather I haven't
watched Cartoon Network since I was a
little kid a new board of Cartoon
Network to pickle Wiggles
hello Wiggles bagel wake away goes yeah
okay here we go even bigger lead Wiggles
weekly weekly week I
can't get enough of this dog she's
adorable this is the tasty meal that
mike has wrapped up some chicken wrapped
in bacon
yeah with some cheese some healthy
potato wedges and carrots in there as
well and some kale Mike does not have
any kale your plate is looking
distinctly lacking in the green
department yeah and I also have some
harissa or harissa I don't know how to
say this it's Moroccan anyway and it
tastes great and of course I might have
some sneaky hot sauce and a naughty
found to zero because I am parched
should I say probably she was drinking
water but I'm this is the last one Mike
bought this when I was ill at the
weekend and I had a real craving I don't
know why I had a craving but I had a
major craving for fantasy roe
so yeah it's the last one I'm gonna
drink it and yes that's all I have to
say about that this is very dignified
pose happening right now from piglet
home squidge having a little snooze
party treacle is over there you see her
she's over there in her bed it's being
very anti-social
hi I'm gonna cuddle these guys now and
it's almost 10 o'clock so I'm gonna
cuddle these guys then maybe go to bed
and read some of my book I finished my
book I was reading the girl with all the
gifts and I loved it and I finished it
and I've started one called panic and I
haven't really got into it yeah I'm kind
of feeling a bit about
like a few pages in under spit what is
this I don't know if any of you guys
have read the book panic let me know and
let me know like is it any good or not
I'm gonna go and cuddle these
irresistible monkeys now and I will see
you all tomorrow for the second day of
vlog Toba yay vlog Tober whoa rocktober
these guys could not be less
enthusiastic right that is it say guys
see you tomorrow bye from primark i have
on a black t-shirt which these are my
new favorite I'm gonna put these in main
channel video soon about these t-shirts
because they are so so good this
information am my skirt is also from
Primark I love this kinda like a
schoolgirl skirt but it has pockets
totally love it got my mailbag on
