hey guys today I have a busy day in
London ahead so I thought I would do a
vlog for you all the kettle is super
super loud I'm just making my breakfast
right now the kitchen is such a mess I'm
not even going to show you I'm just
angling into this corner but yeah I'm
gonna make some breakfast here are my
eggs these are actually duck eggs which
I've never bought before but they're
super super good they're massive well
that one is a lot bigger than that one
but they're huge and this is our little
egg timer we actually thought this as a
wedding present it's so cool you put it
in the water and it like it almost like
goes darker as it cooks it goes in and
then it tells you like oh yeah it's
gonna be like the only problem is if you
have one massive one and one small one
how do you know because they're going to
be different anyway and then I'm
chopping up half an avocado this one's
from yesterday how much of a con as this
guy's this avocado cheated me look at
the size of it and then the pit is like
all the how we did the stone is like
three quarters of the size disappointed
but yeah that is my breakfast the doctor
actually upstairs with Mike I'm gonna go
and see if I can get piglet and show you
guys because I want to show you because
she's actually changed so much she's
getting like super blonde here she years
hello Pig hello Pig
Mike's asleep so I'm not going to show
you him sleeping but she has got so much
lighter look at the side of her face
it's going like super blonde and her
back that's not your back there's your
front piglet but her back is super
blonde too the other dogs here princess
princess squidge and then treacle is
like out for the count she was snoring
earlier so much
nice to meet you Pig they don't actually
sleep up here we go and get them when we
wake up every morning and these two like
run upstairs they're like super excited
and pig has to be carried because she
doesn't do stairs because she's a
sausage I'm also trying to import the
last bit of footage from my Zambia blog
which is actually on Mike's phone and I
we have literally been so busy the last
couple days we've just been like I keep
forgetting to do it every time I see him
so I'm gonna do this and I wanna upload
this today because it has been like a
week which is way too long
breakfast is done I've got to eat this
and go now otherwise I'm going to be
super late my dream quick outfit the day
before
mike is sleeping in the background sorry
Mike I have on a hat which I always feel
really awkward about wearing hats but
I'm gonna do it today I'm gonna see how
it goes down this is from Primark I have
on a black t-shirt which these are my
new favorite I'm gonna put these in the
main channel video soon about these
t-shirts because they are so so good
this is from H&M my skirt is also from
Primark I love this kinda like a
schoolgirl skirt but it has pockets
totally love it
got my Chanel bag on backwards because
I'm in a hurry and then I also have on
my house of Harlow boots these are
actually really old I must have had
these for maybe three years and they
have super high but really comfortable I
am still taking flats because I'm gonna
be gone for like the whole day I'm gonna
miss my train now so let's go
good morning and I am now walking down
the Kings Road actually come to you very
often and on that it's super super nice
most of the time when I come to London
alignment like Soho really central for
me and stuff so it's nice to be around
you and I have about an hour and a half
before my first meeting I wanted to come
down early to get a few things done
first but nothing is open yet I'm gonna
go get a coffee and get some more work
done and then mainly pop into Club
Monaco because it has just opened I
think it's the first one and so I
thought we should responsive so I found
a little spot on GP of York Square and a
coffee shop and I have a chai tea latte
and
and trying to connect internet because I
forgot my mobile dongle which is super
annoying but this looks delicious super
excited by anything that is super
expensive but as I feared Club Monaco
was super expensive and they many be
making a sneaky trip to the States
sometime and the next couple weeks so
I'm gonna leave everything that although
there was some amazing coats like
actually amazing and I'm gonna head into
Zara where I may have a little bit more
like on a side note I love this aura and
it's probably the best one in on than
the one and she could you up square I'm
entertaining you know right now and have
like five minutes to try something on
this maybe board full but I saw it
online I think it's really cool it has
like an attached skirt and I'm also
gonna try on these ready like boots
ready flip PD 30 pounds so I think is
already good for Zara let's see what
these alone what do you think guys
something about this I don't know I
think maybe it's kind of like school
uniform but they're quite liking it but
don't know something's not right there
and thank meets the money though a
little bit later now I've been to a
couple of meetings and
you look I'm doing something cool with
new look in the next couple of weeks and
I stopped by to pick up some stuff from
there
and now I'm gonna jump in a cab and go
and see the sort of food guys for a
secret project well it's probably not
that secret when I get there I've
arrived in sorted foods HQ and it turns
out that I feel really serious and like
sitting here meeting to go to and
somewhere
what's that Mary but I'm currently
friends been cooking something what is
it look at that it looks really tasty
basically it's gonna love it
when's it going online - okay soon it's
coming to Africa on you soon
I mean maybe eat one later well Perry
we're going for sushi now so there's a
good half of one I mainly have one it
looks like I might die in fate now
potentially looks good they look very 10
it's not really a kitchen it's a fake
kitchen we should explain why the studio
such a mess why is it the actual Builder
there's no one in here the Builder it's
got a good name for it this is backstage
exclusive stuff they don't burn stuff
they're professionals
so we've just been eating sushi and
basically I've been abused by everybody
verbally abused look at them all I'm so
serious we're gonna dance yeah I did
clarify that and I'm now gonna try some
of Ben's brownie I don't really like
normal brownies but these look really
good is it marshmallow
frosting in it in it from real areas
from bring laureate that's good that's
good stuff I think seven that's good
please good continually I don't like
brownies yeah no I is good a 10 would be
like Krispy Kreme or you know something
like McDonald's milkshake something you
can't create so I am currently at cosmos
fashion mastery just pops in for a drink
I can't actually say for the catwalk
shows but I've gotta get my train which
sucks you can't even see because my
half-serious hat hair but this is what
it looks like
and we've had a quick drink and then I'm
heading off my train home and see my
kinda puppies but I wish I made it to
the tray very glamorous train not in
first-class which means I have to walk
for about six carriages and my feet hurt
one thing I always wonder about training
is why is there always so much
first-class
and then the normal bit is always so
they should have like class the amount
of first power
like never anyone in first class
ridiculous
I say this with sore feet having like
books we've got five minutes against the
other that's right I just got back in
the door and to me it sounds like
there's some kind of opera going on he
is very excited oh yes I'm killing with
my Pig and the squeege and treatments
being antisocial on the other side but
she's not loving it and I'll see you
again very soon and piglet says goodbye
and look she even wave to let Paul do it
again Pig no i performing monkey i'm a
piglet bye guys hey guys so we've just
wrapped filming for comic relief and i'm
gonna do my own little vlog for my vlog
channel we actually have a couple of
hours for we has to head to the airport
and we are going to a local
