hey guys so we've just wrapped filming
for comic relief and I'm gonna do my own
little vlog but my vlog channel we
actually have a couple of hours for we
have to head to the airport and we are
going to a local Zambian market to have
a little look around maybe do some
shopping this is the van that we have
been in for the last couple of days
here's my colleague Lee this is Lucy
who's been looking after us and in the
front is Clare who has been driving us
around this is gift - it's from the
charity so he's been showing us around
and introducing us to the kids and
everything so yeah we're gonna go to the
market now and see if we can find
anything is it like this every day so
they all like nuts beans
so they sell everything there's like
food for choose these McAfee fillers we
ate earlier in the week and slightly
different I eat the brown one so what's
the difference between the black they're
both the same they're both the same but
these have little spikes on them and
then this is dehydrated so they just
rehab
we're on our way back to the car and
it's like a dust storm No so Claire's
now teaching us or teaching Lucy how to
strap a baby onto your back with these
shawls or what we say material that
would she turn gay yeah so here we go
that's the baby slightly ridiculous with
a and then when your babies
especially when they're small otherwise
you know them and then they breathe out
here it's quite fashionable to is there
is there something not telling me there
it's our last meal in Zambia we have the
local village chicken which looks super
tasty and this is in Shima which is made
out of named mealie meal which is the
great from maize and it's ground and
like kind of mixed in so much that it
goes really smooth and it's kind of the
texture I'll enter but a little bit like
mashed potatoes widget and you roll it
in your fingers and then dip it and get
some meat and I'm not very good at it I
keep burning my fingers and this stuff
is pumpkin leaves with peanut it must
have something else in it - like a
tomatoes and onions and then beans and
this is tomato with tomato and onion -
right so we're now in which looks a
little something like this
here's Matt he's been filming us all the
last couple of days on camera can't turn
the cameras around and we're waiting to
get on a flight to black okay it's the
smallest plane I've ever been on a bus
these guys were winding me up saying it
would be like a ten man plane I was like
still pretty small it's gone about eight
windows 10 windows so all right say for
five minutes - lusaka which is
and then we are flying to Dubai which is
about seven hours we have well we have
two hours in the second flight to Dubai
seven hours three hours in Dubai and
then we fly from Dubai to home which i
think is about six hours so long night
it's 6:45 now and we arrive we'll get
home at about 3:00 and we left our hotel
about reached it's about 24 hours travel
so it's kind of a long way to come for
two days but it's honestly been the most
awesome couple of days I hope you guys
like the film to me or my main channels
this is just like a little extra blog
really so yeah we're getting a list
right now and we will see we'll see you
at the other side okay this is the plane
and security it's so good the lady
mister guy with the floating palace he
just booked straight through it's okay I
think it's probably like 20 people on
the plane he fancy mic see can I sit
next to you I'm actually cloners just
cuz I don't
like scary lurking grubs so it's pretty
dark right now I don't know if you guys
can see us but we're about to board the
plane and I feel much happier about the
second play because it looks like this
it's a massive worm and I just met a
subscriber in the queue for immigration
in Zambia which I thought was the
coolest thing ever because we're pretty
much in like the other song on the
outside of the world and also the
airport is super tiny so it's really
cool and we've got split up from the
rest of our team which is kind of sad
they're sitting at the front of the
plane currently 20 plus 8 and I think
this is kind of like our overnight at 7
hours hopefully gonna get some sleep on
this flight boarding off we go
so we made it to Dubai feeling you look
surprisingly fresh really I'm so tired
I've never sleep the whole way on this
plane I think the last thing was like
super cramped and really busy we made it
home that was the longest journey ever
in the world I think from leaving the
hotel to making it to our door it was 26
or 27 hours so Mike and I feeling a
little tired but we're back with the
doggies squeegees here these two are
snuggling and piglets change so much
she's gone blonde she's gone so much
lighter and her nose has grown as well
but don't tell us you might get a
complex that's gonna be at first vlog
guys I hope you enjoyed it and I'm gonna
link in the info bar below to the main
video from this trip if you want to see
it because that will go up probably
before this so if you haven't seen that
then please go and check that out and
don't forget to donate as well all these
stuff will be on that video if you want
to know how because it was a really
really awesome trip and I'm gonna go and
get a bit of shut-eye now because I am
tired but I will see you guys very soon
bye
you
