hey guys and welcome back to a very
special vlog today Mike and I have been
keeping a secret from you for the past
three weeks or a month but we can
finally tell you you might as well
squeegees properties are downstairs
because she is not impressed because she
knows we're going somewhere going
somewhere where we go or indeed going
somewhere so a few weeks ago comic
relief actually got in touch with us and
asked us if we would like to go with
them out to Zambia to see some of the
projects they work on with children over
there so we are going we're actually
going the the trip itself is only four
days long and about two of it are travel
so it's gonna be a whirlwind Whistlestop
visit that is a shame it is a real shame
because apparently Zambia is one of the
most beautiful countries and it's also
the home of Victoria Falls as well did
you know that but we're going to Zambia
we're leaving today in about half an
hour and yeah I'm really quite nervous
it's one of those funny things like I've
never been to Africa before so I've
never kind of experienced anything like
I know it's gonna be a real kind of
culture shock but also I think it's
gonna be quite an emotional journey so
I'm excited and nervous and apprehensive
at the same time and preparing myself
for I think I probably some difficult
filming I think we're going to be
putting the video the main video from
this trip up on my main channel so that
will be up next week if you want to
check it out but this is just the little
preview to tell you that's where we're
going by the time this goes up we'll
actually be out there hopefully we can
get this up at the airport I'm hoping my
Wi-Fi you want to think my dongle so
yeah and I want to show you we're
actually going through the process of
packing at the moment this is what we're
packing between me and Mike you say that
but I actually have more stuff to bring
because I've got like my camera
and like my laptop cable and more girly
stuff
piglets not coming someone's actually
coming to stay at our house and look
after her
but yeah so we've got Mike stuff here
he's very organized he's taking his kind
of ganks of golfing hat and basically
like lots of t-shirts and shorts and
we're both wearing trainers because
apparently that is a good idea according
to the camera guy who's already out
there and Mike's got his rucksack we're
trying just to take hand luggage because
we actually have like to lay overs one
on the way there and then one of the way
back so I'm really really conscious of
losing your luggage when you're you have
like four light transfers and stuff and
sometimes your luggage doesn't make it
on to the next plane so we're going with
hand luggage that's probably it for this
video I hope you guys enjoyed it it's
quick short but sweet we're gonna say
goodbye to the puppies now and head on
our way squidge knows the other two are
downstairs blissfully unaware squidge is
like you Susan I hate you making so
heavy be confident sleeping now so I
can't be just don't know a squid right
guys yeah don't forget to subscribe to
our main channel if you want to see the
full video from Zambia which will be up
at the end of the week so on Friday I
think and we will see you soon hopefully
we're gonna try and get some more vlogs
as well if we can we'll see like how
appropriate it is to vlog like whilst
were there and stuff but yeah we will
see you then
