hey guys today is Friday and it's the
5th of September which means it is
Mike's birthday it's super early right
now as you may be able to tell but the
many clocks behind me it's off plus 6
I've actually been awake since like 25 I
have no idea why you know and this is we
just wake up super super early but
there's lots of exciting stuff going on
both today and this weekend so I thought
I would vlog today and show you guys
what I'm doing and take one with me
seeing as it's Mike's birthday let's go
meet the dogs up boom I can hear a
little crying here's a little piglet and
treat thought and I'm squidge piglet has
actually abandoned sleeping in the cage
because she's been bonding really well
with the other dogs hello
she's she's getting very vocal very
cocky aren't you pig
hey you can piglet yeah so normally on
Mike's birthday I make him breakfast in
bed but we are going to the gym at like
7:25 today so we leave the house at like
7:05 so I'm pretty sure he won't want
any breakfast before we leave but I'm
gonna take his presence upstairs and as
you can see here he has quite a lot of
presence on the way to the gym birthday
boys here tired how are you feeling mr.
29 year old you old man
Mike Marsh open to present Sydney I did
what did you get I got a very nice from
sac and I got some noob accomplices ah
but he still has a pile of like six
presents to open when we get back so
we're going to the gym we're gonna work
our asses off and then we can come back
and celebrate and have a birthday
breakfast what whoo workout is done he's
feeling it birthday boy let's go go Oh
still go big pilot presents yes and
piglet wants to help open in them and
it's got a grandpa in the background
well seeing as it's your birthday
I'll let this go I just fucking
morning I'm squeezed that's not a toy
confiscated Oh Mike's one request for
his birthday
yes which was I don't want any clocks
because if you buy me a clock it will be
a present for yourself which is silly
and so I was like so treacle
squid and piglet are going to buy you
clocks this is first one and as the
seconds go by the tail wags is a spaniel
and then Lucas screams posing and then
the other one he hasn't opened yet I
think he's gonna like it what is it
she's not present bitch dog one haha how
is this oppressive
it's from piglet to you why so tacky was
so good but what else did you get what
else did you get show everybody oh you
got some a spice rack because Mike loves
cooking and he's always complaining that
we don't have enough spices and our
friend Jack always comes over and
complains we don't have enough spices as
well so I brought him to know we have
enough splash a giant spice rack
functional as well as cool-looking and
what else did you get you got some
clothes there I see some slack slacks
which you don't have any of those so we
thought they'd be useful a hoodie hoodie
which I actually really have um I knew
your taste so well that I bought you the
same hoodie that you already have and
some t-shirts aren't you a lucky boy and
further check you out mister birth very
lucky I also got a very practical
present
and what a chopping board topper board P
oh sure you stir is what you buy every
husband for us here is a chocolate no
but he you have been nagging me for that
chopping board for ages about three
years yes so I voted for you drain Jill
collects all the juices you can port
into the gravy yeah and it's got the
sticky bits on it so yeah the better for
carving yeah for carving your meat and
interesting for general cock and then
what else it again and then I got some
converses yeah because your old ones are
mmm not very nice I think they're very
nice they are well I love some blue
suede shoes blue suede shoes
the last thing I gotta write this your
favorite a visa this is my favorite
thing that I got I got a rucksack Iraq
that since piglet has arrived squished
taken to being very clingy and insisting
on sitting on my lap
whenever ever possible and stealing all
of piglets toys are you doing busy cat a
treat like animal kingdom in our house
I'm gonna go and have a shower now I
look so bedraggled so this is what
happens when I'm pregnant the science
thing up there are snooze she snoozes
right here
it's newsy pets it's a little bit later
now I'm with my mom who is driving and
we are on our way to the supermarket to
get food for tonight because we're
planning a little dinner for Mike we're
gonna do hot stones if you don't know
what they are basically they're like a
hot stone where you cook your food on
the stone I feel like they used to be
steak but now we have electric ones and
you can just put whatever you want on
them so we're gonna get steak we're
gonna get prawns we're gonna get scholar
so we're going to get chicken we're
gonna get to RIT so and that's probably
it and some vegetables and then we're
gonna go try and find him a cake which
I don't even know if he wants a gang
he's getting again because it is nothing
so we've decided because Mike has the
mental age of a six and a half year old
we've got him a pinata some bunting and
handles perfectly I'm not sure how
impressed he's going to be by this
rainbow pinions love shopping done
Timmy Arthur acquired and we've got a
couple more stops and then we're gonna
go home and get everything ready for
tonight I'm quite excited about this I
think Mike is gonna love it
I've got all the papers sweets to go
inside it like it's his fifth birthday
we're just popping into pets at home
because I wanted to get piglet a bell
like a cat bell for her collar because
we're leaving her with someone who's at
our house but isn't obviously used to
her she's really quiet and she keeps
like sneaking up behind people and
sitting like on their feet and then
you'll take like a step back and tread
on her so we're gonna get her a little
bell to put on her collar and yes so
we're going to pet some home and we'll
see what we find
we're having to look at kateri collars
because she's so small and these already
have bells on what about the discus
lastly for this one hmm much I don't
look like a tacky one that one's not too
bad is that leather person that's not
tacky yeah this one's too early so all
of the cat ones actually ended up being
a little bit
I don't know girly or sparkly whatever
for me so we found this one in the toy
dog section and I actually comes with a
little lead as well which is good
because the only lead I have for at the
moment is like a giant one so this is
good if I just need to pop it in my
handbag so I'm going to put that on and
then we bought these bells which were on
sale for like 50 P so she can have two
bells if you want so then the how many
bells probably absolutely hate this
because she's only able water harness
before but we shall see also found this
toy which I just thought was funny
because it looks like a sausage dog and
it is kind of her size but I'm not sure
how long this is going to last but it
did I thought she'd like it because well
because it's kind of squishy it's like
Jersey instead of rope we will see how
long this lasts a treacle and squidge
around okay so the pinata has been
filled I actually bought way too big
things it's many of you like
individually
Rapp sweets himself but I bought like
Kinder Surprise eggs and what are they
called magic stars and stuff because he
loves them and I'm gonna hang it from
one of these bars in the conservatory um
as a surprise for him
and yeah he's gonna love it come on who
wouldn't love it look at it ah okay so
my mom's just left we've actually been
like setting up everything for the last
maybe two and a half hours and this is
what it looks like at the moment
you guys can see behind me we have the
hot stones on the table it's a bit of a
mess because basically we have ten
people and the tables are like not even
we don't have a big enough table so
we've had to like mix up all the chairs
and everything but we have all the table
lathe as treacle in the background and
then I have some bunting up there and
the prin yard out there and yeah
basically these are the hot stones
they're really cool because the old
style of these you basically have to put
in a super super hot oven for ages and
ages and then they obviously cool down
as you use them but these ones are
electric so you just plug them in and
they get hot and you can cook loads of
different stuff on them so I'll show you
in the kitchen what we have because
we've just finished preparing all and
then I'm going to put some of it's going
in the fridge some of it can go on the
table because it's only about 40 minutes
of everyone arrives but as you can see
here I have everything in bowls so we
have cheese which you can actually melt
in the little kind of raclette pans
underneath the hot stone we have
scallops with garlic butter
we have chorizo sausages not proper sure
it's au which I actually didn't have it
announced though which is really
annoying with some old tea bags it's
kind of gross things further away we
have prawns in sweet chilli sauce more
bronze and sweet chilli sauce we have
peppers we have chicken and I actually
made a really nice marinade for the
chicken this is like a spicy barbecue
marinade and then we have steak the back
and we also have on here the potato
wedges that I need to put in the active
fryer which I'll show you in a second if
you guys can't see more those before and
then we have kale and spring greens
which I'm going to steam really quickly
and then
and just have them with it and then as
you can see here this is actually fryer
I don't know if I've had this in a video
before or not but basically it's an air
fryer so it's a way of cooking chips but
you only use like a tablespoon of oil or
something like that so probably for ten
people you'll need more but for me and
Mike we usually use a tablespoon and it
cooks chip so it's like a healthy way of
cooking chips and the same as a potato
so I am super super hot right now and I
need to go and like redo so I make up
because my eyeliners like come off
because my eyes were watering but yeah
Mike's gonna be back in about 15 minutes
and then everyone's arriving in like
half an hour after that so yeah I'm
gonna go and put a little make-up on
maybe change I actually changed him to
like a gym top because I was so hot in
my hoodie that was wearing earlier so
I'm going to do that and then we are
going to eat and have a nice party I
kind of wish I'd saved Mike's presents
till this evening because I don't know I
think it would have been fun
he's literally he's not going to expect
I actually need to put the ladder away
as well I just remembered the stepladder
I just saw it through the window
and there's like dog toys all over the
floor as well I'm gonna have to like
tidy up in there but but yeah I'm gonna
put a set batter away and then I'll see
you in little while so I am ready I
didn't intend to wear this super super
bright door like vampy lip stick cuz I
did my eyeliner first and I was testing
out a new lipstick and I thought it was
going to be it's like a lip lacquer type
thing and I thought it was gonna be a
lot lighter than this so I'm going for
the vamp you look this evening I have on
my little blue dress and Mike is here
birthday boy the birthday boy look at
his smart haircut umm and he's just
wearing his golfing outfit Li was
golfing in today and have you seen in
here it looks so cool so cool waiting
people's arrived now everyone's always
like all of my friends and family are
always late for everything but yeah this
is what looks like in the dark
have you seen piglets bail don't know if
I showed you guys piglets
piggy piggy she's such a good girl so
everyone's just finishing up dinner I'm
doing Mike's cakes he's actually got two
cakes because he's that lucky the first
one is this one which is a they're like
frozen ice cream cakes that I bought is
a philadelphia lemon cheesecake one
which I've never had before and it
sounds really good and then the next one
is a dime walking which we've had four
and it's amazing but basically I'm
putting birthday on this one and boy
which is backwards on this one you know
we're doing yeah now this blue cake
what's really tastier the tasty-looking
cake looks even tastier with blue sweats
it's gonna be tasty quacks ah almost
there really melting now okay we need to
go fast it's gonna say give Arrington a
forgiver dogs going in for a snack
so everyone has gone now and me and
piglet are here having a little cuddle
she is out for the count it's been a
seriously busy day hasn't it little one
Mike is here to West Rico prickles on
the floor and squid is on the other so
far she won't come over here grumpy
monkey I'm gonna call it a night for
tonight guys because I think we're just
going to go to bed because I am
exhausted and just grouped birthday boy
he looks tired too but we will see you
tomorrow I got really really really
really exciting vlog for you all that's
going to go up after this one so stay
tuned for that and I'll see you next
time bye bye bye bye sleepy dog
