hey guys so today is Saturday the 30th
of August and today's the day that we
are going to pick up our new puppy I
cannot quite explain my excitement we
are getting a miniature dachshund
otherwise no sausage dog otherwise known
as a wiener dog if you're in the States
it's about two hours drive to go and
pick up Mike is gonna be driving Oh you
excited are we gonna reveal the name yet
your real name we pick her up I think
wait until she right we've got we're
preparing look at this we've got the
teeny tiny teeny harness we've got
squeegees lead which screech is not
gonna be impressed about and we have a
towel fish snuggling and that's about it
treacle it's just been for a nice walk
candy tricky tricky we're a bit nervous
about how these dudes are going to react
not so much treacle more squidge I think
you weed she knows something's up we
will see we're about half an hour away
and we stopped because we're a bit early
so stop for some snacks I felt super
weird actually I'll do what my cousin
taught my godson sea salt pepper crisps
he got a cat crease on because he's 5
and arrow and then I was feeling super
weird so I got some bronze
I love these problems how about the best
thing ever for a minute and and I also
got some raspberries and what else are
we doing how can I be medium vanilla
milkshake please could we have one too
please
that's it thank you very much - lordy
Farid Oh vanilla milkshakes you are
addicted to Madonna's milkshakes how
many of you hunt this week no how do you
have this month - that's not addiction
you had more than two at least four can
I just say mike has the best ideas ever
this is amazing I didn't actually
realize when I was kids basically
drinking a McDonald's milkshake it's
pretty much like eating a full tub of
ice cream and it's so good ten minutes
away she's so nervous here she goes
this is piglet she is a little nervous
in the moment she's just been running
and playing outside with all her
brothers and sisters and we had to take
her away and she's really sorry little
bear I promise you're gonna love treacle
and squidge no my goodness she's
beautiful say hello to everybody say hi
do you do apparently how we're going all
the way home piglets
as you can see she is a little sad
brother sister every now and again she
lets out but she's definitely a cuddly /
Barney pigs piglets anyone me and Pigman
have been having a little snooze on the
way home like this she's so cuddly is
unbelievable and we are just going up
the drive home pickles and we're gonna
be introducing her to the dogs now I
think Mike's going to stay in the car
with piglet I'm gonna let the dogs out
I'm gonna try and introduce them on
neutral territory so in the garden so
they don't get all defensive cuz she's
only teeny-tiny
hello hooligans come here I don't have
anything to throw for you it's not that
kind of exercise hey pickles oh oh good
guys be nice be gentle oh good girl
squidgy be gentle with her guys be
gentle Draco Oh be gentle
who's your new friend guys girl chica
love Oh what is it it's got no legs
come here piglet hello and I sweetheart
do you like your new friends big O's hey
you want to come up - you know you gotta
stay down there meet the guys come on
sweetheart
good yeah well it's really easy easy
ah she goes all dopey oh don't you worry
little one don't you worry
oh look at this new chilled out dog
this is piglet in her new home Mike's
crotch she wants cuddles she's the most
affectionate puppy I think I've ever met
and you guys are so good hello squeegee
squeegee you're still so cute squeegee
and squid you think so good I was so
worried she's gonna bite err I did you
were so good so good it's feeding time
at the zoo
piglets first meal I'm gonna feed these
guys first my friend Kelly's here with
big election scared of the noise give it
to squidge sit everyone squidge is the
first ever walk is just a little walk
we've carried her half the way around
the garden come on little one she's so
cute
ha she's like a little bunny rabbit but
it's day two with piglet as you can see
she's got her little harness on she's
got her little name badge
it says piglet on it and we're gonna get
used to wearing the harness cuz she's
gonna be wearing it a lot cuz he's gonna
come around with me lots of places and
basically we've encountered she's been
really good
she was crying last night that she was
very very upset
Ramin I'll show you the little setup of
going here come on he loves that because
every is her favorite thing ever we've
got this little setup here so basically
she's got a little cage with a bed in it
that she sleeps in because it helps with
toilet training and then the other guys
were here but she was so upset we had to
put their beds here so they were like
right next to home she still cry for
ages but it's a scary time isn't it
first time away from home your new home
but we've encountered this problem
you're right little one where she
doesn't like coming in here I keep going
into my office to do stuff she's kind of
like she's really not sure about it this
is the first time she's been and usually
she stands over there by the radiator
and cries oh I meant to film this and it
was meant to work out but actually now
she's just come into the room oh well it
seems like she's got over the problem
which is good say hi everybody today
we're gonna go and get you some toys
because I boy some toys and they're all
too big for you and she can't even pick
them up so we're gonna go and buy some
teeny-tiny toys and maybe a little bell
to go on here as well so that we know
where she is because she is like
determined to be at my feet or at Mike's
feet at all times like I think it's a
new a new thing I hope it's not gonna
last forever because otherwise I'm gonna
tread on you eventually so we're gonna
get her a bell so we know where she is
they've got to seem a little busy so me
and piggles here I had a nice little
outing and you guys went for a nice walk
and she is being so cute with the dogs
she's really bonding with them and she
keeps chasing them the cutest thing ever
when she
when her entry key but she got it kind
of goes up streaking is like be my
friend she like puts her back legs flat
and my lies on the floor she's so cute
she's so much more confident the other
dogs are still kind of a bit mad this is
happening right now little pig ladies
rather sleepy after another long day
we're sitting here watching X Factor
tricot just came in having eaten half a
dead rabbit anyway that's it from us
guys all of us
the cats are nowhere to be seen but we
have the little poopy and all the other
poopy DS and she is getting along very
very well she is so beautiful so yeah
that's it for us and we'll see you again
very soon we've got a really really
exciting vlog coming up this weekend to
make sure you come back and check that
out because it's top secret and I can't
tell you about it
squidge awful but it's gonna be cool so
yeah come back for that and I'll see you
next time bye bye bye piglet
you
