hey guys so today is Sunday and I'm here
with my mom
and we are going on a road trip it's
currently 8:30 in the morning Mike and
squidge country call a silly bet and we
are going to somewhere where is it
called mum it's near Shrewsbury
Shrewsbury or Shrewsbury does anybody
know what it's meant to be but yeah
we're going up north basically to watch
my little cousin who's not so little
anymore it's this 18th birthday and he
races motorbikes so we're going to watch
and it's gonna be noisy and I'm going to
take you with us we're gonna stop for
snack because I'm hungry we are
navigating via a good old-fashioned map
haven't done this in a while because I
left my Sat app on the American map
system and it takes ages to switch over
and we don't have 3G right now on our
phone so you can't use our phones we're
going back to basics we've got a map now
I'm just gonna find where or a
sweetheart it's somewhere around here
and we have breakfast what is that
it's mah mah mah mah Bircher muesli in
wild berry flavor it is it looks kind of
like babies look at that mom
mum comes prepared actually I say that
it's probably the first time in your
life you've ever come prepared month
the depressing places and one's got a
cold so she keeps sniffling name mission
accomplished we got coffee and two
things awesome happened in Starbucks the
first one is that they spelled my name
right for the first time ever I think
without having to ask usually they'll
spell it right but they have to ask how
to spell it
she just knew and one of the other girls
at Starbucks actually watched my videos
which was awesome and she said how much
you like them so that made my day now we
are off to go further we've been like 20
minutes and we have a story and we got
some snacks for lunch
not that it's lunch time it's 9:25 and
if you want to know what coffees we got
I got skinny caramel macchiato mom got a
vanilla latte skinny vanilla latte and I
ordered you a bigger one cuz I feel like
I get bit jittery if I drink too much
coffee I'm like mom you only drink
alcohol and caffeine I worry about your
inside sometimes she literally this
woman tricks no water ever or soft
drinks no juice no fizzy drinks no water
tea coffee tea I drink of tea tea coffee
and alcohol a I'm suppose you're not I
feel about old prune so I wanted to
involve you guys with conversation I've
had with mum right now which is named a
puppy so I've actually been thinking
about getting a miniature service dog
for a really long time pretty much ever
since well before we lost work really I
wanted one with all the puppies I almost
got one springer and one mini sausage
but we changed her mic so to get to
Springer's and the last couple of us
have been like really considering it
more and we've got the point where I
might be potentially looking into it as
though something serious we're getting a
mini sausage dog I want a long-haired
one as well so kind of they look a bit
like spaniels but it's just sausages
they do look like spaniels they have the
serious
yeah maybe I'm a deciding vote Wallace
and so far I would like to call it be
it's what I'm thinking mum thinks what
would you say moe
why do you think you can we can have
nice we're trying to think of names
potential names to call a sausage dog
and funny ones as well if you have any
ideas and let us know in the comment
section below me is going to be a girl
as well if we do get one so we're
driving through the countryside and
there was an awesome you know back in I
don't know if you guys would be able to
see it this is a big fat edge in the way
that's not we're driving through I think
that we in Gloucester share but it's
very pretty and it's a really nice day
and we went we've been about 100 well
it's a hundred miles from home to where
we're going and I think the last 30
miles are taking us an hour out of the
two-hour journey could because it is
like tiny little roads like this but the
sky is looking good nice and blue and
we're following this maintenance man
that is going really slowly we humpin
else overtaken but just amazing views we
are on the Welsh borders
I've been Wales in years not that I
going to else but we're close so we
arrived two and a half hours later
nowhere knishmas mean so we found a
little perch having a picnic and this is
the start of the race that one of my
friends in we actually went to wash my
cousins called Jack go and torched his
first race for his bike broke so I'm
gonna wait till the next race because he
can actually see em racing because it
wasn't very cool
something fell off funny had to stop it
was rubbish
especially because it is 18th birthday
so yeah we're waiting for this to start
having a snack and then I'll show you
some racing it's terrifying like noisy
scary mini this is my friend Willy she's
good you scared of the power washer but
instachat can't see i'm cristal because
it's his birthday today
happy birthday everyone sing happy
birthday jack and this is his motorbike
he's about to race which i think it's a
bit scary but here you gonna win yeah
yeah yeah here he comes
can you see a few is known for its kind
of line that area when I want
the view
it's actually ended up being at half
seven heading home jack did not win his
race but he still did good actually did
best in the last race of the day which
was good god which was good we're having
such a nice chat to me we're having a
super healthy dinner uh-huh
Chris and a chocolate bar and fizzy
drinks because we're not gonna get a
chance to eat until like half nine if
not because we are two hours away from
home mum's driving and we need to swap
and you're making all the way home it's
still an amazing day
honestly like one of the best days of
the year I think for those blues guys so
I just gotta look at that face
so you please we have a bluesy card and
we have Mike the force look and we have
three good applause I had such a fun day
spending time with my mom
and it was cool see Jack race you didn't
come missed out because I was gardening
a long way I am smoothie I'm gonna brush
and I'll see you guys soon I hope you
guys do this vlog and I'll see you next
time mmm and welcome to Morocco I'm so
excited to be vlogging today because
it's kind of always been a bit of a
dream of mine to come to Morocco and I
am
