hey guys and welcome to Morocco I'm so
excited to be vlogging today because
it's kind of always been a bit of a
dream of mine to come to Morocco and I
am so excited to be sharing this with
you you might be watching this in August
but it's actually May right now and I've
come on a super Sneaky top-secret trip
with the body shop they've invited me
out to come and visit their cooperative
they're targeting a cooperative which is
a community Fairtrade program which
harvests argan oil for them now they're
bringing out a new argan oil range so
it's their newest cooperative so they've
invited me out on a trip to go and see
how organizers made meet the women
making it and kind of see the impacts
that the community Fairtrade program is
having on these women's lives and a bit
more about the body shop and how they
work with their Fairtrade systems and
everything so I'm going to be taking you
guys along with me and I really really
hope you guys enjoy it I just wanted to
show you guys as well the henna that I
have on my hands we actually had a henna
party last night when we arrived but
I've always always wanted to have this
done and it's kind of strange because
apparently this is normal but it is a
lot darker on the palms of my hands and
my fingers and it is on the back of my
hand on my wrist I don't know anyone
that knows about henna will know if that
is normal or not we stopped off on route
to see the goats eating from the trees
it's incredible they must be so nimble
to get up right to the top of these
trees
so we've just arrived at the cooperative
- a traditional Moroccan tea welcome I
think we have continued flatbreads this
is um similar to my seller apparently
without the chocolate with almonds argan
oil and Argan nuts and then fresh honey
ladies talked us through the process of
making argan oil and I voice over this
because it's actually quite hard to show
you otherwise so they start off by
picking the ripe fruit from the floor
underneath the trees where it falls down
and you can see their backs are super
straight so they keep good posture this
is what the fresh fruit looks like it's
quite fleshy then they dry them for four
months in the open air as you can see
here once they're dried they put it in a
sack and they take them over to a
machine now they actually used to do
this by hand so it's much much quicker
now I have this machine which basically
separates the hard nuts inside from the
dried kind of fleshy fruit or what used
to be the fruit then they separate the
nuts from the remainder of the flesh
from the fruit and they actually use
that as animal feed and then just keep
the hard Argan nut in the center and
they also showed us how long this used
to take them before they had the machine
as well as you can see here it takes her
a good probably 2 or 3 seconds to do
each single nut which is a lot longer
than if they have the machinery to do it
so once they've managed to separate the
flesh of the nut from the kernel the
process still isn't over they actually
need the tiny little nuts inside the
hard kernel and they actually do this by
hand so we headed over to the nut
cracking room which seems like the most
sociable place on the co-operative to be
honest I think the women enjoyed this
job the most but they actually still
have to crack these nuts by hand they
haven't yet found a way to efficiently
mechanize it so the ladies gave us the
chance to try this out ourselves they
were showing us how to do it and I have
to say it was really really difficult I
think I managed to crack about two nuts
in 20 minutes whereas the ladies were
doing about a nut every two or three
seconds so it is definitely a skill so
we're now in the oil extraction
I presume I'm about to film it and they
sold enough yeah they're good from the
bad after all about this so this is
where the oil is extracted they actually
put it in these back where they keep it
for two weeks and they let all of the
sediment and any pieces left in the oil
sink to the bottom and then after two
weeks it goes to be filtered in these I
came over here an actor takes three days
you can see takes three days to filter
out and then you have the finished oil
and finally the long long processes
great things
such a long process such as school
literacy lessons to learn Arabic the
women do an hour of lessons every day
and then they also have the crash where
their children can stay whilst they're
working where they also learn Arabic and
get a general education as well as it
just being playtime for them so it's
lunchtime and we're back in the tent if
they have laid the tables very
beautifully and we are going to have a
traditional I don't know what it is I'm
not sure what it is if it looks good so
we've come up to the village where the
ladies who work at the co-operative live
and we're going to visit them in their
village it's literally tiny and right on
top of the hill and amazing really
amazing views if you guys can see I'm
trying not to slip over right now so it
was amazing to have the opportunity to
be able to go into one of the ladies
house and not only see how her house
used to be but also how the income from
the co-operative has changed her home
and her living situation so she now has
television a refrigerator she has a gas
stove where as they used to cook on an
open fire and she was very very proud to
show us this but she also showed us how
she's currently in the process of
extending her home as well to include
running water and a bathroom so it's
constantly growing and improving for her
I just got back to my hotel room after a
long day at the co-operative actually
and it was just honestly amazing I know
it's it's really funny because a lot of
the time brands like the body shop you
know if they talk about the ethical side
of things you you sometimes like you
register that that is a priority for
them but a lot of the time you don't
really take a step back and think or be
able to see how that's actually
impacting people's lives and it was so
amazing today especially doing the house
visit and seeing how being part of the
cooperative for these women is changing
their lives and allowing them to buy you
know free
televisions allowing them to redo their
homes and be able to educate their
children and it just really is amazing
and it's been such a interesting
experience I'm so glad I got invited and
again this kind of thing just wouldn't
be possible without you guys so I hope
you guys have enjoyed seeing the process
of making argan oil there is a lot to it
as well I honestly cracking those are
can Utz was near on impossible so hard
and they do it so quickly there's
definitely a knack to it but I couldn't
get it in there like 10 minutes that I
was trying and all the ladies are so
lovely as well they were like trying to
help us none of us could do it and they
were trying to like help us and we were
laughing and it was funny but yeah it
just really makes you think a lot more
about the ingredients that go into your
beauty products and where they come from
so anyway I had an amazing day so I'm
back at the hotel now
and I'm gonna have a bath because I am
feeling a little bit sticky after a long
day I just oh it's very dusty out there
and very very hot so I run a bath this
is my hotel rooms all really quickly
it's very beautiful like traditional
Moroccan style furniture and stuff and
the bath I love the bathroom so much and
I'm actually having a bath with some of
the products which I find totally crazy
because obviously we've just seen how
the argan oil is made and now you get to
see like the finished product packaged
as you would find it like in a Western
shop in body shop packaging so it really
just like brings home kind of how
important it is to think about where
your products come from so yeah it's
been a really really awesome day I'm
gonna have a bath now then we're going
for dinner in the restaurant but I mean
leave it here for today because tomorrow
there's a lot of exciting stuff going on
I don't want the vlog to be too long so
I will see you again tomorrow morning
for another exciting day hey guys and
welcome to day 2 in Morocco today we are
going to see a little bit more of Agadir
which I'm really excited
about because so far we've only really
seen outside of the city so I'm so
excited for that and we're also going to
be going to a souk and doing a little
bit of shopping if you don't water souk
is it is a Moroccan market and they have
such amazing kind of jewelry and woven
baskets and home we're here that I'm
very very excited to see what I can find
I'm taking you guys with me so this is a
local souk where the local barber people
coming by their fruit and veg and a lot
of other things as well choose there's a
lot of kids toys teapots
that's a lot of jewelry going on right
now they look they do actually look
really good they look very appealing
really
just a few ends
so we've come up to the top really
really missed you today there was an
earthquake here in the 60s and I think
it used to be a much smaller settlement
as you can see there's only the walls
left so the rubble here underneath where
I am now is where all the houses and
presumably the bodies of the people that
died are still under there which is
pretty creepy or so our guide said a lot
of bodies you know what we're not
recovered so they're still under here
and the walls are the only thing that
remain around the edge and it's right on
top of the hill as well so you can
overlook the mountains then you have the
modern Agadir here and then the beaches
are just over the wall here and as you
can see people come up as a viewpoint to
look over so I just got back from the
souk and I've got ready for dinner but
before I show you my outfit I wanted to
show you guys what I bought at suit I
got this leather this bright pink
leather pouf which I actually had one of
these at home that my mum bought me when
she came to Morocco and the one we have
is like a dark brown and you fill them
obviously this is a flat but you fill
them with stuffing and then you can sit
on them or use them as a footstool and I
think I ended up getting this for 15
pounds
so it wasn't super super cheap but I
think for what it is I was happy with it
I loved the star pattern as well and
then I also got this little tunic for my
little niece Luca and then I also got
these two balls which I ended up getting
for around just under 15 pounds each as
well and they have lots of this like
metal detail on the ceramic well this
evening we're about to head off to
dinner and we're actually going to I
think the equivalent and turn the lights
on in here of a Moroccan castle so
they've given us traditional Moroccan
caftans to wear and this is my one I
actually really really love the color
it's bright turquoise with pink and
everybody has different colors so we're
going to look super colorful and going
to have it
Moroccan meal physically we're having
dinner tonight called the a pasta and as
you can see over in the carpark and I've
been to get you guys a better view later
but this is our welcome welcome back
this is a beautiful view for dinner with
the Sun setting wine mountains
absolutely amazing pick up my little
mini occasion place name personalized
not sure what this is because it's so
dark chriskiss right so I just go back
from dinner I'm hoping you can see
because it's pretty dark in my room just
wanted to and the floor really here
because tomorrow I'm staying obviously
here tonight and then tomorrow we leave
in the morning we have we're traveling
all day but it's been such a nice trip
and I honestly have learned a lot and I
just really it's kind of opened my eyes
in a way to what the body shop actually
do and yeah it's really exciting and I'm
so excited to try all the products I've
given a couple of them a try whilst I'm
here and I've really liked them so far
so it's been an amazing trip and I just
feel so lucky to have been invited along
because everybody else on the trip is
are journalists so I'm the only blogger
which is pretty awesome and I feel
pretty lucky and very privileged to have
come along so thank you guys because
without you this wouldn't happen but
yeah I'm gonna head to bed now I just
FaceTime Mike and he couldn't see me
because the only time I can get Wi-Fi
was like outside in the corridor and
it's like pitch black so I could see him
but you couldn't see me so that is it
for this vlog I really hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you again very
soon bye and welcome back to again and
today it's super super exciting because
I am headed to Liverpool to the share a
coke party pod in the hostess
sent it now
