hey guys and welcome back to log again
today is super super exciting because I
am headed to Liverpool to the share a
coke party pod in the whole city centre
now it's actually my first time in
Liverpool so I'm really excited about
that if you don't watch my main panel I
actually partnered up with coke to do a
big giveaway last week which is now
closed
I'm sorry but I am headed up to get my
very own personal coke my name is Flair
Flair it's like the least common name
ever and they don't have flirt on any
cokes so I'm going to get my own very
own bottle of coke mike has got day off
work and he's coming with me
you look very disheveled you're right
there been a busy morning it's a really
nice sunny day as all we're going to
drop the pups off at my mum's and then
we're gonna drive up and see Liverpool I
also did tweet about it as well so I'm
hoping I might be able to meet some of
you who knows we will find out
pack it in the poopies up in the back of
the car are you ready guys to go and
visit your friends I also forgot to say
as well another reason why I'm super
excited is because we're meeting up for
lunch with our friends Gemma and Matt
who we haven't seen since our wedding
which is almost a year which is crazy
because they live up north I don't know
actually where they live now because
they moved house they live somewhere
around Manchester we type area so so
excited to see Gemma and Matt obviously
BRR Maurice item they'll be watching
this okay but yeah that's super exciting
and I don't think I could say exciting
more times in this vlog I'm actually
seeing red as well as expand super Rach
the reason why we decided to go to
Liverpool is really good
it's not very good Mike's favorite word
apparently Liverpool's actually really
awesome is won some like culture awards
for the UK things like that they've had
like a lot of regeneration going on in
the city centre there's apparently
amazing shopping really nice restaurants
and they've also got and the docks as
well because obviously lives at the mall
we chose names
you Liverpool was a famous and port port
that's the word so we're gonna go and
see the docks as well and I'm just
excited to be amongst the scouts accents
because I've got like a real soft spot
for Liverpool accent
Mike works with a couple of guys you
have quite thick
Scouse it's not like unpitied to say
scouts is it I'm not sure it's like Remy
or Liverpudlian anyway I love your
accent
hahaha calm down that was rubbish Mike
oh when you are rubbish at Liverpool is
that good goodness that berming hello
we've arrived at mums and I'm gonna I'm
not gonna film what you said oprah-jamas
but I apologize in advance but any chaos
bedlam or mayhem caused by the puppy
delivery we have just delivered we've
arrived in Liverpool guys look at these
massive hit buildings can actually see
the docks or the river right there right
there we're going to go there late we
are on our way to the coke pod and I
actually realize if you guys didn't see
my other video with the giveaway
basically the coke pot is here cuz coke
of launched their relaunch that share a
coke campaign this year with
names and nicknames are tough as well
but if you can't find your name they
also set up is proper party pods they're
calling them where you can get your own
name printed in a couple of cities
around four cities I think around the UK
and also a couple of festivals too and
they also have them online so you can
order if you can't make it to those you
can still order your name online they
are trying to make sure everyone can get
their name this year which i think is
cool being in the name minority but we
are going to go find out I also think we
should find the toilet first
yes there it is guys and all that's red
shiny goodness you can't just get Mike
on yours what are you gonna get
and yes yes you can get yes I'm liking
gasps yes and we could be matching
because we're that cool
you
look what we got guys I have I kind of
wish I'd gone on like an original coke
now but he surrenders like wake Mikey
blur and then I got sneaky presents so I
can share a code with Gemma who were
meeting up with for lunch in a minute
and Oh Becky I sure don't think we
needed more for Becky yes we do
she did only me more for Becky um yeah
so Baxter I think will really like this
here we go hit the shops acceptable with
you so when we do shopping say like can
we have like say we have two days of
your shopping so if we have one day like
get shopping yesterday as well so get
one day Marshall yeah oh good yeah
can I style your clothes I think one day
of shopping for my stuff what's your
stuff like anything fun forget ties Lego
Lego we can shop anecca
we can go find respite alpha because
yeah it's Mike's birthday in like two
weeks so I think we're gonna get and
hannett's also had a perfect career
Hanna kamsa like it was one cokes I
can't get enough cooks to share with
everybody and our whole lives too much
completion of got spiked oh so we
managed to get an extra four spike I'm
so excited I think he's gonna absolutely
love it we bought him a football strip
for his birthday doe said spike on the
back and he loved it so much he wore it
back to front so he could see his own
name so I think having a coke with spike
on it it's gonna make his day and we're
gonna go get into Lego joy and we
actually have half an hour till we meet
Gemma for lunch so we're gonna go and
pop these in the car
and then maybe do a bit of shopping can
we do like quickfire shopping Liverpool
is so cool there are so many shops it's
so shocking a lot of joy we're going for
tapas but just grabbing for lunch
we're catching up with probably one of
my most favorite people in the world I
have not seen you for a since our
wedding it's shocking it's unacceptable
as mariota change I'm sort of having
tanner we are having something delicious
delicious tap up the boy here munching
away and yeah what have we got got some
scallops and black pudding which I love
scallops this is called the scouts yeah
you must eat us cows I don't know what
goes into nasty toes I'm not sure what
they are but they look tasty had rum
peppers yum yum yeah look what we found
guys to read so job well I say we
actually mark on this um we're in the
deli there's attached to the restaurant
it preserved lemons mmm buffalo wing
sauce with some weird drink oh yes here
with sea water I have a Harvey Nicole
YouTube's our freestanding I've never
been inserted yeah then I'm playing
neither of us have ever been hit I think
it is a kind of like Harvey Nichols
beautiful separately / - you're a
typeface on their eyes Darrell is it
appears that there isn't just some kind
of naked men dancing same going on up
be proud they're not totally naked that
would be inappropriate and they see you
filming and they're like give me money
and it is then stop cutlet look at the
kids running up the kids are loving the
naked man we're in crime ten workers 250
we're working uh pajamas we honest me a
camera a little bit pajama crazy the
boys are not very impressed I think
we've got enough pajamas to last for the
next six months but it's all good it's
pretty much the only thing I ever buy
and primarily this pajama bottoms
they have everything since when did they
start like licenses every cartoon under
design everything we just got we're very
excited about but they have clueless
pajamas and then realize actually it's a
pair of knickers with as if written on
the ass mmm not so sure anymore found
one direction socks own decided that
they're a bit flawed because when you
put them all let's do it to having a
soul I agree that like no offense I
really thought they would become no be
more like sideways right it would become
a bit funny but then it's great like
this will you put them on and you'd have
like don't are you looking to Andy on
your ankle this is so beautiful we've
come down to the docks and I wanted to
show you what it looks like specially
really not attended to such a nice day
but the buildings here awesome and I
love how there's like really old like
listed buildings and then they have
crazy new like moss stuff as well it's
very cool I'm like a Liverpool you know
what Jen weren't are you here
yeah I might bump into some oh hey you
never know adults are so pretty and it's
actually turned into such a nice
evenings perfect sunset well it will be
in about half an hour very romantic
so romantic all double-dating romantic
no not with you so we have done
and we are leaving now to go home it's
actually quite little cough seven so
nice to see Gemma and Matt again
actually it was really really cool and
was still making our own cokes can't
wait to share them with our friends and
families a massive hex code for having
us up here today and letting us sneak in
like five times instead of just once
yeah we're on our way home now and
picking up the puppies I think mom is a
little myth that we have left them with
her from nine o'clock this morning to
probably nine twelve tonight yeah they
are causing mischief and mayhem
apparently treacle was sitting on mom's
head okay bad news guys back
Mezger ji-hye triki triki triki triki
did you miss us are you gonna say see
you next time everybody
we love you bye bye yeah way to pick up
thanks to Rudy from the air pushes the
last person to ride
I'm driving and I'm very excited today
is my birthday
