good morning guys
so frightened early we are in Tokyo
Airport right now I had about three
hours sleep every I was just logging
while standing stationary and the
beautiful and I got for a lot of funny
lips time now - can walk around instead
but yeah we only girls are shopping for
some QP picking up some Estee Lauder
under eye patches because I have some
serious eyes very sad to be leaving
Japan off to VidCon Europe and I'm
stumped as I discovered it's very weird
masking an airport what is this look at
it and I guess I felt like a snapchat
filter sexy and what our before does
anybody know it's tomorrow
Godzilla again is it actually like a
plate of mouth oh it's actually a face
mask and this just shows you what your
line winds are the sound the KitKat
selection roasted he flavor and
obviously the matcha which is amazing
what else what is more is an actual
sandwich what a Gucci family is it like
beef and it looks far all the apple
flavor KitKat Japanese of all of the Kit
Kats
Oh Papaji Oh gross but enough art would
be good no so many we're trying to work
out what these are guys Oh dried seafood
I think these are scholar I don't know
what those not got my PJ bottoms on guys
doing about blogging and therefore
getting ready to I just said goodbye to
the girls and I'm getting on the flight
on my own I'm flying to Frankfurt first
and then on to Amsterdam so yeah here we
go guys flight
so I made it to Frankfurt Airport and I
have about 10 minutes before I've got to
get on my next flight to Amsterdam
VidCon here we come I made it to ask
them and now I'm just waiting for my
luggage
I had like a 30 minute layover so I'm
hoping that my bags got here as well
just checked into my hotel which very
strangely enough is a Japanese hotel I
left Japan traveled for like a very very
long time like 20 hours and I've arrived
back in a Japanese hotel was actually
really nice into my room Mike was
supposed to meet me at the airport
but he has actually had to delay his
trip for one day so he's actually coming
tomorrow night now which I'm really sad
about because I've arrived I'm super
tired animal my own in Amsterdam but I
do have a pretty epic view from my room
check this out I've never had been here
before
I'm very excited to explore tomorrow and
over the weekend
Mike annoyingly as well because he was
supposed to come out today tomorrow's
like a day off so there's no VidCon
stuff going on tomorrow but now Mike's
missing that so he's going to miss
exploring answer them you've been hit
for so I'm probably enough bass now and
then chill the hell out maybe order some
room service I think this look is going
to be a two day vlog again because all
of them take a chapel it's cool check
this out this is a bathroom really good
bar let's call this oh hello quite
looking out Sam Antalya bar that's what
I'm going to do now I think I may have
overdone it with you my bubble bath guys
haha work currently facetiming this one
why are you not here yet watching the
golf where's my Pepe LePew can he say hi
to the dogs Oh Pepe oh that's not very
friendly puppy oh she's so cute
and squid
hahaha she looked hot hot dogs and
treating me hello
Oh guys she's upside down good morning
from Amsterdam
I didn't finish folding last mics I told
you guys it's going to be like a term 1
vlog I was so tired I fell asleep at
about 8:30 last night and then woke up
at 4:30 a.m. so I have been awake for a
while now almost eight and I just
ordered some breakfast I feel terrific I
always think that jet lag coming from
Asia West is like the worst life I
always think is bad when I go to the
States and then I do anywhere inator and
I'm like oh my god it's the worst chair
like but anyway I'm enhance to them
alright I'm feeling a bit delirious but
I just ordered some room service and it
just arrived what do I have here fruit
fruit and your muesli have this is an
omelet this is like the healthy
breakfast yeah that's a funny-looking
oblate looks like an egg pancake still
gonna eat it um and then there's some
bread a class or some kind of sesame
snap thing not entirely sure what these
are what is this like sprinkles
sprinkles for your toast got some
grapefruit juice and most importantly
their coffee
I was the wealth most terrible father
yesterday and right yeah
celebrate' so I didn't vlog after like
having breakfast and I did vlog a little
bit of ignoring after that I was on my
own and then I met up with though to my
management they're not really like vlog
friendly because they work like behind
the scenes of YouTube and this is fun to
be honest to be honest I was just really
type it and then might turn up and we've
had a really nice dinner and just
chilled out together so I feel delirious
this is going to be like three in one
day vlog now because I literally feel
like I died like jet lag is real but
this one is here and it's very nice to
be invited I have I shared them
yesterday which is actually in the same
pod they're not nice open them and tried
them on the line I will reduce their
like yeah hi he's and Johnny just kind
of Shelly yes I'm sorry TJ yeah what do
you got hotter ah
that's like Eggs Benedict and I got like
salmon and muffins very delicious what
was out there were you thinking mickey
out of me
it was my movin is either very good now
oh yes when I stand in the mirror as if
I had to decide like that I might think
oh sorry
let's go into Amsterdam hmm
monster damn y'all know washed windows
in your face your fuss on our way to a
museum and we're not sure whether to go
into a van Gogh ppm or the big old look
anything like that well I don't know
they need to take names that or heading
towards some slices exactly like well
that you should be so tall should you
should be normal-sized like me see one's
a little bit overexcited because we
found a Banksy Museum thanks Ian
Salvador Dali winning winning
we just stopped for a coffee and what
does might get confused by I just wanted
a lot what is that also crying hey don't
touch it did you try it what have you
going to tell you about this right
people mood I'm in today
like any memory no way no it doesn't
kind of like on your winner good not as
good as a Kinder Bueno different there
you can do it over the well we found the
fridge magnets guys winning well
MDS I can't say one never treat me must
be a nice pair of shoes I'm gonna work
saw some bag oil be swell me too you're
at ninety was 195 we may have made a
little bit pissed off in the Dutch
equivalent of Selfridges across an
imbecile Devers and makes us from the
pond store anyway and we were on hunt
for a specific Chloe bag
ah hello in against time because water
is then directly governed by your annual
allowance for Empire and I'll never be
able to gamma visit Chloe bagging a
specific color one day I will get it
guys I've been searching for it since
February everywhere I go and it sold out
so what happened they had one in yellow
but not
so never know if you can find one for
your life my birthday that would be
great climbing you should be great
timing but we got to leave now like on a
planet like I did
no I guess he ever keep leaving yeah
yes to Norwich we're going now back to
well to VidCon first that we have been
there yet to put on a panel
I currently feel like as long being like
I don't think my brain is going to
function very well so talking on a panel
right now what I talk about my
interesting I think Mike should replace
me polygon we're gonna set that Olympics
basically you're going to be a disaster
we're on our way to the panel I'm going
to do an enlist we ground in this outfit
of the day like today I have on my
jacket which is from full face full
jacket love it I told the Topshop let's
go River Island very metallic I was on
the wrong shoes my really sexy VidCon
car which attach to my gear with you
handbag that is my asset
I'll do anything I believe you look like
you're in an area I feel you look like
you're quite European yes thank you I
don't know how to compliment
we're on the VidCon shuttle boat which
is not very fancy for our shuttle boat
just me and Mike on it to Italy on our
way I don't know how far away it's like
15 minutes
oh okay smell nothing it nothing I did
bring my sunglasses and realize with the
outside have arrived it comes like a
really cool little Instagram lounge here
so lots of balloons and very colourful
loving it going onstage for my panel
right now I'm going to give the canvas
like and you can do it
so just finish the panel I'm now
caffeinated before we do an interview
and they have this massive coffee bar
with like all of the cups and everything
and then the bins for the milk in is
like this sighs what having dinner this
one in a place called coffee and
coconuts it doesn't look like coffee and
coconuts it looks like prawn linguini
which I am very happy about I can I are
on our way back from dinner having a
nice evening stroll I got a cup of
delightful like this how do you improve
local beer and I had totally yes now my
weasel I basically won
red lips basically have one of
everything of the softest because yeah
you come you want a hell of it even
hospice Jesus I think I got hi thank you
so I basically meet with a lot of
apartment thank me that I'll do one of
everything and then the kind of problems
as well so could be enough one of
everything so let's have a couple of
really solve it myself
we have chemistry and then my main came
and I didn't really see any of it which
is very nice Allah Almighty
I just ate all the fraud but it was
tasty for that there's actually some
luck sleeping as you know what the best
part about going home a little early is
what this is what everyone else is going
to the party and I'm tired so again I'm
going to watch golf in your games what's
the time in Tokyo right now I think I
look on your feet seven hours I mean UK
hi there
right see you in a minute see you all
that may the force be with you made of
horse be with him actually April to
foresee with you hahaha nearly made a
sauce that's not happening by the way
guys don't get excited
Mike's vlogging why we play The Blair
Witch Project
in the woods forever woods maybe we
should do like our own like Minnie Blair
Witch oh well nevermind ah what I won't
say is I found you watch out for the car
coming and I found a new company car
what about a divorce company car Oh
so this thing with it we walk past the
Luanne little Ripper that I'm going to
flash out that remind the new Morgans my
next company called that they need the
force wagon to show the size in portion
I want one that is a great little
runaround for home maybe one of the
flats maybe make me know we just got
back we're heading to bed I'm super
tired I hope you guys enjoyed this crazy
3-day blog a few tomorrow for more vids
on fun in Amsterdam bye guys I look
crazy crazy right now
