so we're on our way to pick up Baxter
Rooney from the airport she's the last
person to arrive mums driving and I am
very excited today is my birthday and we
were meant to be going on a boat mum
organizer surprise boat trip but it's
not sunny and apparently it's also
really choppy as well the girls I think
instead of swimming going on in there
and yeah so we're gonna go pick up backs
and then maybe have a little mosey and
stuff this afternoon it's a bit rubbish
but I think I'm gonna go back tomorrow
okay we're a Portugal and we've just
come to shopping centre in search of
toys Mike's gonna do a toy hole right
here
what have you got you how old are you
again six and a half
ring-ring rubber ring no Jake we come
shopping a sweet boy
shark and playful shark and there are
nine of us on this trip just to clarify
why we need so many toys extra bubbles
always use few Falls boat and and and
what we got there hello yeah
just escape from the group to find extra
toys and we bought a little presses
becky
so we just had some cocktail hey really
really windy but the sun's come out it's
good it's not too dominant so we're
heading back to blow up all of the
animals
oh yeah another pool party with a shark
and a dragon and you can handle the boat
I didn't tell her that we're in the pool
right now and we found a wasp's nest
underneath the seat of the chair
he's rubbing my leg hey that's pretty
too friendly way too friendly okay I'm
gonna show you and then and then we're
gonna destroy it James King naked in the
background I'll angle out he's gonna
come in and destroy and destroy the
wasps nest I'm gonna zoom in can you see
under there there's a wasp's nest so we
can't have our lunch underneath there
explicit this is James what's it man
so the first attempt kind of worked but
apparently we gonna have to do it again
because it didn't probably work what we
do it why I've got Walsh from the
contents going in for the second bushing
this is this is technically stuff a bit
of competition going on right here I'm
not talking about yeah I think I might
be right confident
there's a lot of debate going on about
who's gonna start who's gonna sign up
having a birthday dinner my face is
right yeah amazing
no it's mine and someone's got the wrong
order we don't know who is he at last
week was come to know what a bitch is
where we are right now at the table
everyone so easy so cool in here amazing
as I've ever been it looks awesome
and this is mine really we got married
once
while ago super on the phone
the Sun is out today pic nerves I'm
whispering really nervous I just told
the guy that's driving the boat I don't
like your oh is that funny on the boat
this is the fool listening right yeah
just ready I did I will jump in to
sneeze I definitely do I want to go on
the beach it is a beautiful day I jump
off the boat see
so Mike mature adult that is like oh
yeah
still I challenge oh I built a phony
waitlist I was a challenge yeah check
this bad oh yeah I'm just instagramming
it Rhonda how long was I asleep for
dinky and you get smash it up back you
smash it up Brett my vote I kill you
we're on a island that language
apparently is Sunday today it's
especially busy but apparently in the
week is like deserted and we just fell
asleep someone go get some lunch now or
a different Island James has found a new
friend this is Colin the crab and is he
quick now that he's in a run like is he
gonna like he's scared he's gonna go
sideways oh there he goes
don't come here Colin I don't want you
on my towel boy baby oh he's really how
did you catch him I saw it I did he
borrowed on the side from me he saw it
all no dude swish am i upended by that
she doesn't hurt him cuz your shoulder
huh
this is the calm that's excited laughing
yeah I don't think we can eat him I
think you need to go back in the sea
we're on our way back to interpret
twisty
I don't leave me in it somebody thought
what I love to say the boat
behind us - loud as everyone else
we've come out for dinner Lucy's here
hello and Becky Liz here in the back
the boys hello the boys are being man
manly up there on their own there's like
a split group and we come for dinner and
on these streets really cute right down
here and there's some barky dogs I'm
hungry what you found something about
metals
my boss has an idea quite fancy snip
enjoyed a nice fishy maybe the small
fishes idea to people what a solid I
found a little market we can shop on the
way to food yes food has arrived
I got scarred Lucy also got some cars
wrong shell yeah I'm not gonna have the
issue we had yes look papa Michael same
as a Spectre no I can get Jack looking
good and Mike got the best in Miami
general this is my cue in fact he has
never eaten mussels or clams before
favor for climb first if you wish you
reckon if you just like them so I can
the mayor saw cicadas buzzing that's it
man there's plan okay yeah he's gonna
try looking nervous disgusting yeah give
it to flood
actually can't believe this I've been
trying to get to eat food like this for
seven years
hey or at muscles he likes a clamp this
I'm really I'm sure that I don't get out
here alive I'll sing a song with your
funeral set for a search party done
water birdie ah chef included we just
having a little walk back through town
look how beautiful the rippling and
these drunken fools
I think dude I think I just started
vlogging realized people behind me would
actually like being like what the hell
is she doing yeah this is a square the
boys and their matching shorts primary
colors
oh no the restaurant had really sweaty
chairs and networks imagine being a girl
and having bare legs made a little stop
this shop which that's like this I used
to stop at the shop when I was a little
girl like every single year he's been
there for like an hour and they actually
used to have quite cool stuff but now
they have kind of touristy rubbish
except my bought this hat what do you
think
yeah or nay I think he looks hilarious
Becky couldn't tie her own shoelaces
until she was 21
you're learning that's hilarious so guys
we've sat down for proper Portuguese
chicken intense Nando's you ain't got
nothing on this look at this
oh yeah so yummy and I'm going to
James is last day James last meal James
last half an hour and Becky's leaving
well she is not at the table no soup
that to be honest I think she's still
packing but we are gonna swap this lose
you lose so it's our last evening and
Portugal we're just walking
we're walking to the restaurant which i
think is smart we can all have few
drinks and Mike doesn't have to drive
and I don't want to go home he was like
creeping in the background Liv my mum
when we got here was like oh heaters
they're fine this year there's like no
mosquitoes blah blah blah and then this
happened don't dad never better
can you see the full extent Mike hold
the camera look at that guy's I got
eternal I didn't work think I got about
four worst like my finger tighten way
worse than yours oh you're mean so yeah
well heading out for some tasty dinner
hello my nose is still a little bit red
I burnt my nose on the first day so it's
remained more tan than the rest of my
shame Rudolf II under any foundation on
today because I don't find wearing
foundation when your holiday Oh even
though I drink I know you don't ask when
you bring like um I bring a darker
colour with me anyway but I always end
up doesn't quite match and I just
realizes well on camera my eyes are like
pain because I have sunglass marks
that's foundations I would cover up
anyway we are walking now look at these
guys it looks so they're walking into
the sunset we better catch up we're
celebrating the last night am I getting
pudding I don't think we're not putting
any other bikes on my birthday
my room I have a much because he's
living in 2003 but we are back in the
countryside
I love how probably the whole of your
office all they ever sees my chin yeah
because I'm so sure I'm short we are
home we're walking the dogs I would show
you thankfully if this is out there's
one we know where she has gone she's
disappeared on her eyelashes um yeah we
are home we had such a good time
watching I hope you guys enjoyed this
kind of compilation smash up of the
whole week like smash it
it is know like now that's what I call
vlog Portugal I feel so nice to be home
but on the plus side it's sunny which
always makes it better if you come back
to the sunshine I hope you guys enjoy
this video and we'll see you again soon
I don't know when never know
goodbye I mean welcome back to my
kitchen today this is here come back
here
about Mellie
