hey guys and welcome back to my kitchen
today Lizzy's here and Becky's here
we're doing a little bit of filming for
The Cooking Channel again and this is a
little bit of behind the scenes what you
don't see in the cooking videos is that
we just had a granola disaster but the
granola and we're having to like shimmy
in a few extra oats to like make it up
so when you see this video hopefully
I'll watch it you will know that we've
had a disaster this morning with granola
Mike's here Mike you've been replaced by
two Blondie's yeah well you come back
2008 in public events we've salvaged the
situation it looks good guys yeah
actually tastes pretty good to go finish
roaming and we've escaped outside I ate
all the food how to peel a Kiwi mate
it's not like you everyone knows there's
a skin on the Kiwi as well I had to kind
of cover it off and mm-hmm
so basically these guys are going now
which makes me really really sad and I
got another like four recipes to film
today I know not long like three days so
I've taken a sneaky little break from
filming and I've come out to walk the
dogs and to me it sounds like they're in
the pond right now what are you doing in
there
which naughty little puppy Mike's back
I lost the girls I've got you yeah we're
cooking curry what is this man's monday
mealtime giving very tans turn I've been
doing a little gardening and Mike has
got some kind of secret special naan
going on in there and we have some curry
to test actually looks pretty good
twinkle are you aboard doggy and you
hello hello guys we have wrapped filming
for the day which is also
actually super tired we did four recipes
today but it doesn't actually sound like
that much but it's quite hard like when
you're filming and we have to like clean
the whole kitchen in between and get
change when I change our makeup and
stuff so it's been a pretty long day
it's currently twenty to eight and we
are heading over to Mike's parents house
to help fix their printer and also to
upload a video because I need to get all
my videos uploaded before I head away on
holiday next week the poo pays are in
the back that's pretty much it for the
update guys except for the fact that in
case you didn't know already I'm cooler
on the Internet puppies grumpy puffy
someone's grumpy cuz I stole her seat so
the best part about filming food videos
is that you get home at 20 past 10:00 at
night you haven't had any dinner and the
fridge is full of leftovers haha let's
see what we can find
leftover mac and cheese I don't mind if
I do
so April mac and cheese Mike had some
toast and now boring here is
doing his work and my homework gotta get
his homework done and I'm tired but I
think there still is time for a little
bit of Buffy I've been watching if you
guys didn't watch my I think was my June
favorites video I mentioned Buffy in but
I got a subscription to Netflix oh my
god where have I been like seriously
what was my life been for the last
however many years that Netflix has been
out and I haven't been signed up to it
you've had a life that's why well I've
had a life feels so good I've actually
watched four seasons of Buffy okay so I
was obsessed with Buffy when I was a kid
if any of you guys were in the same boat
as me then let me know in the comment
section below I was like obsessed I
dressed up at her as her for Halloween I
like had all them like VHS videos
Halloween she was a Vampire Slayer all
the vampires dressing up was yourself
dressed normally not just know it was a
very specific
outfit it was a poster that
had and if anyone remembers this poster
then seriously you're awesome it was
like a sparkly top and a lilac cuz a
little lilac like a lilac II skirt and I
had a mistake and a cross and a cross
necklace I was so rockin the Buffy look
obviously look nothing like I think it
was hilarious
anyway so I've got to season five now
and I kind of realized why I stopped
watching it because it's not as good
seasons 1 & 2 were like amazing like
Holy Grail TV seriously awesome and then
season 3 or 4 were good but then it got
kind of weird when Dawn arrived and then
there was the whole like dying thing I'm
not gonna like let any major spoilers
out but if you've watched Buffy I think
Buffy's like 20 years old so I can like
let a few spoilers out anyway but yeah
so I'm gonna watch a couple more
episodes and see if I can keep into it
but if not I think I'm gonna be maybe
giving up and I've had so many so many
people suggest serious to me everyone
says I should watch orange is the new
black I still haven't watched Breaking
Bad and I don't want to watch Breaking
Bad
because I feel like it will take over my
life whereas Buffy I just kind of put on
in the background and I can like go into
another room for five minutes come back
and I still kind of know what's going on
whereas I think Breaking Bad you
actually need to concentrate and I'm
like scared I'm gonna lose my life
I'm getting totally addicted to it I
would have no veryone just people
watching Breaking Bad all the time
anyway I'm gonna go to bed now it's I'm
super duper tired and mike says
goodnight and the puppies
squids just got home and peed on the
kitchen floor can you believe it look at
her sitting on this chair smug as a bug
in a rug
with a towel you strained to the log you
say goodnight squeege I love you I don't
know why people is just escape somewhere
apparently just on the sofa in the
sitting room but that is it for today
guys I will see you again in a couple of
days I'm gonna be vlogging hopefully on
Wednesday too and
an amazing day I think he will today is
quite early in the morning and I'm
heading off to get my hair done this is
kind of a last-minute thing
I got offered the opportunity to
so crazy with my harem don't me tell you
