good morning lovely people today it's
quite early in the morning and I'm
heading off to get my hair done this is
kind of a last-minute thing I got
offered the opportunity to go a little
crazy with my hair I'm not gonna tell
you what I'm doing but I'm so excited
about it I can't wait to show you the
results so remember what it looks like
now
normal blonde and I will see you when I
get that right you've got like an hour's
drive and I'm a little bit late so I
have to rush Becky's here in her PJs so
you making a mental note of what I look
like now mate I are you are you scared
for me it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great sitting on the floor here at night
that you'll come back and I'll be like
won't even recognize you I have no idea
what to expect but I'm absolutely open
to whatever
I've also forgotten to tell Mike about
this so Oh
oh my god I don't know if he's gonna
like go crazy no he won't he loves me no
matter what color my hair is I think I
hope hey guys so surprised surprised
this is my hair isn't showing up on
camera if I keep making a film it's not
showing up as much that's Baloo it is at
the bottom yeah yeah and then you can
kind you can't really see the pig
actually I can you know no it's
basically like the pink then blue then
lilac and it's like my little pony hair
I loving it so cool you like it I didn't
think you would like rock and I was
like whoa yeah that's amazing I love it
it's not I thought you were gonna let
you be bright pink no I think is cool
it'll fade though it's going to but yeah
I'm super excited chatter we are
by the pool right now is an amazing day
and Becks is looking very glamorous so
hungry we've ordered some food and I'm
gonna go down and film in the room I
feel like I do not want to be cooped up
in a hotel room today because it's so
sunny and nice and the big parties
coming later and we're going on a secret
surprise mission it is food time we've
got sushi with us some tasty Patrice top
steps and olives and fruit I think I
might need more food than this I
normally I'm so hungry so we have come
on a secret mission
tarsiers here she picked us up tarty is
today collecting a new special guest
can you guess by which aisle were down
she's getting a dog getting a dog man
I've never shopped for dog before and
I'm like looking for something that you
can ride home in and be comfy in the car
I've got a lot of stuff here I like that
one his name is puka and we're going to
pick him up from the airport after this
me and Becca are very excited about
meeting him and yeah we're in HomeGoods
which is the American version of TK Maxx
or American version of HomeSense
and they have like this is the dog bed
that I bought for the dogs in HomeSense
like a few weeks ago they have some of
the same stuff but it's so much bigger
I'm so jealous I want to be able to shop
here but I can't ship anything oh it's
sushi time
Oh sushi tasty this is the second time
I've had sushi today so I am a very
happy person at Artie and Becky I think
they were ordering a really boring salad
that sounded not very exciting real
chicken salad it looks amazing at LAX
about pick up the dog and chips
we heard the noises I can't hear about
I'm gonna cry like some kind of TV show
coming
they're like the paparazzi Puka
paparazzi with the paparazzi who can see
right here
thank you filming maybe go the stink he
got me
he's such a good boy
we only just met him but we love love
cruising in the blue machine I well we
are today it's all I'm not ignoring you
I'm just showing them the view because
it's very pretty it's like crazy traffic
all day in LA today and we are on our
way to see tardy and puka and we're
gonna do some filming it's my lip gloss
like my Paris stuck in videos but yeah
it's all good it's hot I'm wearing I'm
telling my likes view is amazing I don't
know if you're gonna be able to see it
actually I think we just finished the
crazy crazy part of the road
so we arrived at Isis did some filming
hello
much taller than me anyway but then
she's wearing snazzy what is what up you
can't see this you're doing like the 70s
jeans thing that makes your legs look
ridiculously long and skinny
we don't like tusky anymore she can walk
over there on the other side of the road
no just kidding
we just talked to got Starbucks oMG they
do not have black berry mojito tea
lemonade in England I was like okay is
that alcoholic oh my god lip gloss
situation and we're going into right now
we're actually doing like a drugstore
exciting video at RT the guru on the TL
we have to be like totally on the
down-low
I checked out they you are number one
most Constance
oh my god guys we just got back to the
car is there a little problem we like
the roof down and the leather is so
freakin hot I just tried to sit down and
burn my ass
Beckster is having to go back like this
tardies laughing cuz she's wearing jeans
it's only because my fake tears coming
off and I'm like covered it is hot today
so we've left our T's we found about
seven videos together and we are now
with the beautiful and her amazing
apartment which we have proceeded to
trash with the whole bathtub and make a
huge mess so we're gonna be filming here
and then we go out grab some dinner it's
currently like half seven ish so my
camera just cut out but basically we're
filming a load of videos and we're
drinking some wine and then we're going
to go and get sushi so it's all good I
am pretty tired we have been like
hardcore filming all day and we leave
tomorrow I'm observing the pinecone his
natural habitat and he's also like a
fluffy rug so we were going to get sushi
we arrived at the place and it was too
late because it is now almost 11 o'clock
at night I do not know where today has
gone we were filming like crazy and we
have come to in-and-out
instead because we thought hey thanks to
Rooney here has never been in and out in
her life all I wanted to do and led the
way and I wanted to eat it too so we
just came but the line I don't know if
you guys can see this it's going all the
way around the car park and then all the
way around the building we had a burger
for lunch so today is just like I'm
gonna turn into a cheeseburger
how are you so slim oh gosh I'm not eat
cheeseburgers twice a day I'm not
she's there's a secret fat person inside
Ellie is gonna be like I'm gonna be
seven thousand pounds and you guys are
gonna be like remember that day she had
two cheeseburgers oh my god guys look at
this tasty goodness wow she's sitting in
hell this is awesome
I'm so hungry I'm gonna eat it I'm not
gonna speak to you anymore this evening
good but so it's our last morning in LA
and we just had
versatility and James and popped and got
a few last-minute things I just ate a
massive frozen yogurt as well and I
couldn't show you because we were in
such a hurry because we're late leaving
that we are leaving our amazing hotel
room that Becks are still packing
everything but all my bags ready to go
empty shopping bags and I'm gonna leave
it here for today's vlog and flying back
to see Mike I cannot cannot wait to see
him I've missed him so much and the
puppies and I'm gonna leave with this
amazeballs view of LA and say I will see
you guys very soon and I love you all
and I hope you guys enjoy this video and
goodbye
guys and welcome to third and the third
day or third video in way la
