hey guys and welcome to and the third
day or third video in my la kind of
vlogging series today I'm actually on
set with Seventeen magazine Becky's here
as well I'll be obviously gatecrashed
and we do some I can't actually show you
my outfit we're doing a fashion shoots
for 17 I'm not sure yeah I'm like I'm
not sure the outfits I'm seeing you
sorry
I wish saw the sunglasses don't tell
anyone how many one hot but this is
where we're shooting we're on this
street in LA and I'm a little bit
nervous because I'm not a model
I'm really not a model so we're doing
photos today and video tomorrow and this
is like the first shoot see how it goes
like how do you pose how do you go
there's a lady like oh my goodness it's
so warm today as well I'm gonna be
sweating so we just finished the second
shoot and we've been shooting down this
amazing road I want to live here so
sunny and amazing and it's been like an
English ok pulling the most awkward
faces but yeah we're gonna have some
lunch now and then we'll do the third
and final shoot and then it's actually
only lunchtime so I thought this is
gonna take all day and apparently not so
maybe get some like a manicure or
something I don't know
Becky's actually escaped and gone to the
beach in Santa Monica she wanted to do
some roller skating it's how much I love
Becky she's like a roller skating fiend
so hopefully we'll be able to go back
and catch up with her I'm actually
wearing shoes now which I technically
can't show you because outfits a secret
but they're like two sizes too small and
they've had to but the sun is shining so
it is so I rapped at the shoot and I
have some crazy 60s makeup on if you
guys can see it seriously bright out
here and I'm waiting for Becky to come
back
she's been rollerskating on the beach
which it's so Becky I can't even quite
describe it and we just spotted this
sign and I wanted to share it with you
all
it says warning chemicals known to the
state of California to cause cancer or
birth defects or other reproductive harm
may be present in foods or beverages
make sold or served here I don't think I
want to eat there really it's in a nice
hotel as well quite worrying really
quite worrying and I hope Becky hurries
up because it's hot out here
my located it was so good stand and they
like drilled into the coconut water then
skates it all down Beach she's loving
the Santa Monica lifestyle whereas her
Street Promenade now getting some dinner
in the true Food Kitchen my hairs have
been crazy crazy and I'm so tired we're
actually heading to CL tonight as well
but we're getting some food I'll wait
till it comes up I'll show you crying
sounds so I'm tired
I was married two days ago I dropped my
Danbury she would have been love did you
rock n roll and a man runs straight in
front of me and I literally almost
tripped and had to grab hold of them it
was a traumatic event was there any
injury in that situation no he was
probably left very shocked by my
dungarees but a boob grab almost by
definition is a probably a bit
Foods arrives and mine is looking so
tasty I have a feeling I came home with
Nikki Twila gonna have the exact same
thing but it looks really really good
teriyaki chicken avocado and no hot
sauce - made you - yep Blair's iPhone
the girls like hot sauce a March was a
taxi I was like hot sauce
we are
so we just got back to hotel room bet
he's just having a having a love affair
with her bed she's talking to it and
everything we just got back where she
had such a fun time at the Jazz night
with Elle and Blair was there too and we
met some other nice friends and it was
it was really fun I was a bit went
honestly on the way there we were so
tired we were like oh my god we are
gonna be such bad company but as soon as
we got there the music was awesome I
hope you guys like can hear some of that
I don't know I think he'll be super loud
but it was really fun and yeah I'm gonna
see you guys tomorrow for the second day
of the 17 shoot I'm really nervous about
tomorrow because even more nervous and I
said that yesterday but like it's a
video so it's the same outfits but video
form and yeah I'm kind of like about it
but I'm gonna get some sleep that's
about a half 12 we got to be up early in
the morning again to get to the shoot
and it'll wash my hair and stuff because
there's so much product in my hair is
that you like crispy and crunchy but
yeah that's it we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye so we're at the first
location for the shoot and I want to
show you guys a really sneaky applying
the scenes
quick picture of this camper that we've
been filming in because it's so cool
like a super retro I don't know if I'm
allowed to show you and have to check
but this is what it looks like on the
outside super cold and then inside it's
so cool in here there is so much space
look at this glittery like turquoise
seats sink there's a cooker this fridge
there's cupboards there's a wardrobe
there's a basket there's a table pretty
sure this turns into a bed too or this
maybe turns into a bed I don't know
quite how but that's so much space in
the world's smallest camper yeah it's so
I've just been filming in like a polar
neck top and tights and I am like oh my
goodness I thought I was about to pass
out but we're heading to I'm just gonna
get my hair makeup done for the second
shoot and then we're heading to the
Disney the Walt Disney Concert Hall
which I mean actually never been to
notice like a massive landmark in LA
it's not excited about that but yeah I
better go exciting coming a bit late but
the Walt Disney Concert getting ready to
film
and shot up today and it's so awesome
here I've never actually been here
before it's in downtown LA I'm gonna
show you the building from the front but
space is huge chrome silvery building
with these cool gardens and we're just
gonna do some walking around and being
all sultry and cool and see how that
turns out
and I'm feeling like really full of cold
right now and I don't have any tissues
so I'm like sniffling it is pretty gross
that's a good update for you to a studio
to film the last and final shot of the
day which I'm super excited about
because I'm so hot and I haven't had any
lunch yet or any water so I am very much
looking forward to that it's such a
beautiful day this is downtown LA which
actually I've been here I think once
before at night but I've never been here
in the day so it's a new discovery for
me and earlier so I finished the shoot I
have a little bit of a break in filming
because I was
I was just like when I got home but I've
been reunited with this sexy lady and
this sexy lady and we're eating some
sexy lady food in
we have crispy for the sweet and Terry
really
I think the poor thing looks amazing and
we have that anything out I think we've
ordered a lot of food
the crazy lady would like to provide
in a Panem Nostrum receipt we'll find
out okay so these are what is say like
the pork fries with the cheddar on them
and the salt and then you dip them in
this thing which I don't know what it is
but we're gonna try it it looks kind of
funky but tasty at the same time
so good so we just found out they're
actually pig ears not scratching you
just throwing to the same like you guys
are freaking out what's different about
eating the rest of the court my cat
wants to go through but it's just an
ethical thing as far as being freaked
out about eating ears I'm not that fond
of ears in general pig's ears the dogs
eat a period of time all we just got
SPRO brutality
