so we've arrived at VidCon guys we're
too early to check into our hotel though
so we can leave some of our bags you
right there love you lady the the blue
Mean Machine it's not green it would be
better if it was green because it would
rhyme actually made it here okay Baxter
drove we didn't die and now we are
heading to see the keynote speech this
morning and then we have a meet-up in a
bit and pit none of us actually we
haven't actually eaten anything so we're
gonna go and see if we can find some
food first I think but hopefully a wee
late few wants - on time good stuff
let's go find some food so we went into
the convention and went to the keynote
speech for a couple of minutes to watch
Stephanie who's the CEO firewall which
star network which is really awesome I
couldn't film in there cuz it was like
super quiet stuff but Becky and I hadn't
eaten anything this morning so we have
come to Bubba come Bubba Gump shrimp of
all places at 11:30 in the morning and
we are nailing and we're getting a salad
so good I'm so hungry I can't even deal
with it and then we're going back from
meetup I'm so nervous I get so nervous
people meet up taking our way back now
let's go to the Rita and
Tracy lady
we thought that was a lady okay so we're
on our way back to the meter and it's a
little bit further than we anticipated
well we knew it was far because we
walked here but it's hot as well and we
both made the mistake of wearing wedges
better than normal heels and still wedge
just approaching the main entrance well
we have to go in to get my meet up and
there are so many people here someone is
running and screaming there must be a
boy quietly insane in here right now
there are so many people I'm not
entirely sure why everyone's putting
their hand in here
not sure oMG you guys basically means
well but that's not
see
we're going to show you
there's a lot of people behind him
we just checked into our room and had
approximately 20 minutes to chill out
and now we're heading for a really
really early dinner with you looming in
the background with them the style whoo
ladies which I'm actually pretty hungry
it's also really bright out here I
thought oh we're going for dinner I
won't need my sunglasses actually it's
still five o'clock and I do probably
need my sunglasses we braved it and put
our heels back on
it's killing me that's why we're going
we don't only have to walk across the
street Martin's slate couch goodness I
hope they have cocktails that's all I
can say so it's the morning of day two
and we are in I hope me and Becca here
she dropped my breakfast down the sleeve
later love it we're about to head over
for a meeting and then we I'm actually
doing a Q&A which if I'm really excited
about kind of nervous because I've never
done that before it's like just like a
community of your name so I'm excited
about try and film a sneaky little bit
you guys as well we're just eating a
huge amount of eggs we had omelettes as
we thought frankly I had like creme
fraiche mustard all over the pasta so
much did you want a pancake so bad
waffle we were good as last night's
dinner was extreme and I also just
realized an involved last night because
basically we were super cool and like I
fell asleep we ate so much but super
awesome I actually got to catch up with
Eveline Eveline about she's like totally
awesome and really really nice to us
Amex have a dinner and couldn't really
low because it was kind of like a like a
formal environment but I managed to
sneak in and show you whatever yeah I'll
take you guys around today there's
another beautiful sunshiny day in
California I wish you sunshiny at home
all the time so I'm just going into our
Q&A and we've locked ourselves out we
come in the door apparently now I'm only
tired sure what this is going to be like
Carly's here she's amazing you have to
and if you have good skills so like that
off for you or for questions I'm playing
ho I'm just up now weird I'm gonna be
like next shoot the mouth oh yeah for
sure
so we just go out of the queue net was
cool it was good mercy myself I'm song
you cut it was good it was good we got
lots of questions
hello Hannah is this your favorite gun
with my best friend
Evelina this is her favorite gum and it
was in one of my blogs and she said that
it gets family and I ordered on eBay
this is from the UK right Airwaves yeah
there we go
it was crazy though cool someone just
gave me some hair bands these are also
this is Shannon and she came along Tokyo
Nana I just wanted to show you guys how
many rivers she has this is insane this
is insane wood which is your favorite
one I see I like this sweet one because
it was random and because it says the
word sweet and pink so that is a great
way ah in a cab right now I'm with my
two favorite people on the internet this
is Becky you may be familiar with her
from the rest of my life and just
hanging around like a bad smell we don't
have any lights so you're gonna have to
deal with this Paris party trust me
she's beautiful admitted you might not
be able to see her but you know she's
that and then there's me which you don't
wanna look at because I have some kind
of issue going on with my eyeball right
now it's just it's watery bad mess but
you probably can't see it because it's
so dark we are going to the collective
party in the House of Blues and I've
never been there before so I'm still
excited and you never know we might get
drink or two meet some people
thank you yeah we came too late
we're gonna go to Sephora because that's
what you do when you can get into a
party because you're too late
we were just chatting we could have come
earlier that you got it and now we can't
but look it looks busy it should look
busy you can't get in everybody look at
all of the people waiting to get in they
can't get in they over invited by about
500 people so I tracked down the deborah
lippmann stand because i met the really
lovely gem from head to toe from from
hips it's like from from deserts and she
was wearing this which is stronger by
deborah lippmann which is not focusing
it's basically amazing I really want to
get it and then I see this one and then
I see this one ooh and then toss he sees
this one so sparkly I'm not even letting
you near this standard so we're back in
the hotel after a party fail and we're
having a little bit of a girly sleepover
time my eyeball is freaking freaking out
right now I'm gonna take my contact lens
down take my makeup off and go to sleep
I actually cannot believe we've made it
to like it's at nearly 1:00 in the
morning
yeah I cannot believe it seriously and
I'm not even that time we're Oh matey
you got up what's what
what's happening there he's also fee
that is really disgusting where have you
been you dirty dirty girl I just this is
farm see such a pain but I'm just street
dirt on the face to hell
just remind me not to wash my face with
that lately yeah yeah there's the third
and final day at VidCon and Saturday we
are on our way I feel like I'm like from
Russia we are on our way to my panel
which starts at 11:00 it's currently
10:45 and we're just walking up to the
conventions burning fara I'm doing a
panel about starting a beauty channel
which I'm really excited about so I hope
lots of girls turn up and it turns out
well you're doing super faces and I look
at that game
giant kinetochore giant Jenga we need to
get in there and play some of that later
and also they have some kind of like
it's called mustache Mike but it is
definitely like some kind of ice cream
type what is that it's really good I had
it it looks great
okay we need to go there nice breakfast
good breakfast so how do I really well
we're now in the
a food truck area trying to locate some
food I was like I would like a whole
truck of food if I could take the whole
truck I went right now I'm really hungry
so we make city just bumped up into one
of the most and remaining like horrible
people on YouTube we're going to film
now so you're going to the motel of doom
I don't think I've told them yet because
I was like I felt like a princess but
we're staying a pretty bad motel like
just compared to what everyone else is
staying out of the Hilton we're like a
full-on like it looks like it could be a
dexter burger scene and we pulled up and
I was like dan this is what you booked
first time Dan's ever but every time he
gets blamed he felt so bad he literally
was like I'm so sorry like whatever I'm
only gonna ignore you the rest of time
I'm gonna go and see it yeah
so we're filming right now in Mickey and
towns hotel room has the setup here yes
stalkers and I just wanted to give a bit
of a shout outs down Phillipi over there
in the corner
he just went on a snack run for us and
look what he got us and so exciting and
everybody got snacks and dreams and you
are like addicted every time I see you
Daniel drinking that I know he just
admitted it he was just being nice to
himself yeah I did a monster right now
he's all favorite no cheap husband Maya
yeah and Mike we saw your Instagram you
know trying to rub it in Flair's face
but she wasn't at home and she was
eating you're eating sushi we saw that I
saw how much sushi you let me that much
to job and I'm for the exact moment he
wins and then you can win later yeah
there you go grabbing dinner in new
favorite places
I'm like no I've been here in years but
I saw them when you're driving my toes
like man this is a better place you go
to a pink lot when it's like not your
normal eating habit and you hungry
because of stuff likes it and you want
to eat this yeah and you want to eat
things which we are as we do
we are officially all gonna be really
fat by the end of this I got salad with
boneless wings on it and a hot sauce I
am in heaven right now
so we just said goodbye to Nicky and Dan
and we are reunited with a passion wagon
and we it currently like half 10 or
something like that and we're heading
back to West Hollywood
we're leaving Anaheim the same goodness
that Becky's our rudy is driving we're
feeling a little bit silly we had a very
very fun evening with can you wanna look
double unlike I haven't had any coke
like as in the drink or I haven't had
any I just had fizzy water I just feel
very hyper Nicki and dad are like
hilarious so he had a really really fun
evening and si and Emilio actually ended
up joining us I think I forgot to vlog
that but we were just like having a good
time and laughing and stuff and chatting
and yeah now we're driving back to the
hotel it's pretty late so I'm probably
gonna end the vlog here but it's the end
of VidCon I had an awesome time and I've
got a shoot with Seventeen magazine
tomorrow and Monday and I'm gonna take
you guys with me I'm really actually
really really nervous about it and it's
first thing tomorrow morning so we're
gonna get back and get some sleep and I
will see you then good bye
my flight to LA makan but before doing
some serious Batson help me
