hey guys so today I'm flying to LA for
VidCon but not before doing some serious
bouncing come-ons be without sin
bouncing about how high can you bounce
beat this okay we're gonna see how high
we can bounce how high do you hear you
can bounce me right in the airport and
be honest I'm really
there's someone here in school rubbish
chats not really we're having a little
chinwag
and looking these healthy salad and some
juice I finished mine slower as well I
know I've been analytic you finished
yours so long ago I mean this rat half
an hour seven talking I'd like to tell
me about this - how was the hell is the
coke it was awful
there's no air conditioner how long
we've gone there for almost four hours
and the toilet started so bad I had to
ask them to pull over didn't think I was
gonna make it to the airport but now I'm
here and I said we have perfumed
ourselves um let's hope the flight is a
little bit better
I'm feeling really tired because I've
got about three hours sleep last night
access to editing until 2:00 in the
morning and then spike jumped on me this
morning it's actually quite funny
because I was pretending to snore like
that actual like old man snoring he
thought was hilarious
maybe you had to be there like an old
man anyway I do not you do have to do
that he lucked out on the plank
I've been Suzy Menkes been
yeah
I've watched fulfill all my wishes
we made it we did and we now get to pick
the car that we want
apparentiy would you pick any color but
the gray one is like leaving so I've got
to say I think it's gonna be the blue
the lover love it let's see which one's
nicer inside which one's which one looks
newer there's that one or this one
what do you think guys you need to get
into the right-hand lane all there's
someone there who knows like human only
red
thanks very much nice over there are
many nice drivers in LA there are very
scary and we need to go right here think
we're going back onto the freeway the
best I'm directing Becky's driving I'm
gonna be driving tomorrow guys so beware
to really wear la oh yeah you can can
you turn right I think you can turn
right I like but it's all good kinda
blue mask yellow and I'm really hungry
and it's like 6:00 in the morning our
time this is crazy and we also bumped
into some of my friends in the airport
I actually just uploaded to get ready
with me for a wedding we bumped into the
people that just got married
in the airport on their way to their
honeymoon which was so cool except for
this such as my world except for the
fact I think you can go me except for
the fact we just got beat up except for
the fact that they got their bags laughs
I think it's probably gonna be really
dark right now they got their bags lost
rubbish on the honeymoon
two blondes in a Mustang trying to
negotiate their way around the lake I'm
not happening sorry sorry I apologize
everybody I'm so sorry
so we made it and we've checked in and
we were quite Guses find out that the
restaurant is closed because it took
this quite a long time so Mike moaning
out and so far so comfy and everything
swayed and I'm
like suede so I think we're gonna order
some room service and hit the sack not
hit the sack in that way we've actually
got two beds guys they're not gonna hit
the sack
hit the hay well you can be role in the
guys boom if I get lonely
okay okay screen button your five little
sweet okay I'll be king speech we're
gonna ask your mic mic actually always
makes me be big spoon how much stuff is
that guy is if you don't follow Mike on
Twitter just or if your alters just
going tweet Mike and tell him it's weird
that you make Fleur be big spoon because
she's so much smaller than you I'm a
little person Mike is a big person yeah
I'm like this short one I'm so tired I
am slightly delirious I'm gonna call it
a night
it's day one proper in LA and I'm
feeling really weird like jet lag weird
it's about and a half night we just went
for some breakfast and I forgot to vlog
typically clothes literally like this
but we FaceTime right this morning and
he was so jealous that we are here
because this is his favorite place to
get breakfast ever in the world like but
today surprise surprise guess what we're
doing I bet you can't guess we're going
shopping huh okay so different now we
wanted to go Viking the summer forgotten
trainers always gonna hiking flip-flops
rock climbing up there in Hills
so yeah we're hitting the shops today
and you guys coming with us
obviously bearing it for my life right
now I'm terrified driving the big blue
machine driving the big blue machine
on the opposite side about I really want
to go on a tour bus as a side note there
but she's doing really well I'm giving
you don't speeches and nine out of ten
we can drive them don't speak too soon
I'm so scared
no I actually have a bit scared I'll
start we are driving in the dark and we
managed to do that just five look at you
saved in your hair and we just need the
UH the head scarves and then we'll be
away so if we survive we'll see you at
the air shopping center so we've got a
little bit of a problem with the Blue
Beam machine right now in the fact that
when you go to check out the door we're
gonna leave it okay we're parked up I go
to lock it oh and we don't know how to
fix it we're basically stuck with the
window open what do we do is slightly
ridiculous it's locked but the windows
open maybe we can pull the window up or
something locked myself in the collar
are suits to fix that out so we worked
it out guys basically you have to get in
put the window up lock the car climb
over to the other side of the car and
then get out the other door and then the
window stays up great it looks good but
the quality of said Mustang is
potentially a little bit it is tricky
tricky blue which stops at the
Cheesecake Factory for a little bit of
London slash monstrous
besides not finding the demo by without
it lately
must be like its biggest to say goodbye
and we have some fried tuna rolls which
we're going to share I think you'll be
too spicy and then this is my favorite
salad in the whole world the kale salad
at Tutte factory is I've never stuck my
face right now I'm feeling really tired
check I could start it's like chicken
so it's job to get some lunch and then
we're gonna commence the shopping Oh
lunch hopefully feeling refreshed
so we've migrated to the Beverly Center
and I'm not gonna lie Jack likes hitting
me like a bag of coal in that face I
feel look at my eyes I feel so tired and
Becks has got an alternative problem
you're lucky of the other end of the
body I
really dying right now we're in the car
outside I've got to leave the restaurant
so we're gonna hit up Victoria's Secret
and Sephora and then I think we're gonna
go back and have a chillax maybe go onto
the roof and go for a little swim swim
swim I'm not gonna lie the idea of
getting into a bikini right now makes me
want to die
I'm not feeling in my best shape I'm in
a dream
and we haven't even been drinking warm
and drunk without drinking it's so good
so good are we even making sense
probably not
we're having a bit of a pretty woman
moment right now this is our boot let's
see
I nearly chopped your hand off
let's go we're gonna be cruising back
we'll try not to crash into anything but
we just got back we're about to head out
again we've had about five minutes or
ten minutes to get ready and I just want
to do a really quick outfit of the
evening to show you all world America I
don't know why something that this is
what I'm wearing this evening I have on
this ship phony top from Topshop and I
actually put my phone down over here so
that I don't drop everything on the
floor I actually just bought this
necklace I'm actually filming like this
which is from House of Harlow focus
focus it's not going to focus but it's
shox with anyway and I have won a couple
of other necklaces some awesome
bracelets from Kate Spade and Henri
Bendel and then I have on this skirt
which is kind of he's adjusting a little
bit this is actually from the Koopas I
got this in a sales before I came out
here and I love it it has these like
leather panels on the side and I really
really like it then I have all on my bag
where I'm holding my bag this is from
carrying my bag that's what I meant to
say this is from and other stories and
again I got this in sale just before I
came out for like 40 pounds bargain it's
amazing leather as well and then I have
on my old next wedges which are like
three years almost like that and
is my outfit tada I'm also taking my
leather my leather my denim jacket in
case it gets cold in the air corn you
want to do an outfit of the day tell me
I'm taking this ugly mug what are you
wearing mrs. summary coming out
regardless I've got such chapped lips on
the flight and out really killing me
this is Becky's outfit it's nice and
turquoise that is the sexiest 12 I've
ever seen Chum and yes we are going for
sushi sushi dinner
Oh
in the countryside
we have to get permission from him for
so long when I start
do we have your permission to put this
on YouTube
that is it the GW kid so we're doing a
bit of a late night Wolverines session
I've got one contact lens in like a
crazy person just casually looking
through their beauty within this is the
Walgreens own fair like in-store
magazine
look who we find in here Oh famous
friends Oh sunglasses too famous for
Walgreens James actually went up to
reading the magazine what does it say is
a one-woman show
oh yes yes oh yes so we're back in the
room now and I probably look like a
crazy ghoul but he's there in bed over
there and they're just having a nice
time they're so comfy I've just scrubbed
moisturized tanned now I'm taking my
nail varnish off and I was gonna paint
my nails but I'm so tired I'm gonna have
to hit this hit the hay and go to bed
and we will see you guys tomorrow for
day one of VidCon I'm super excited kind
of nerve I've seen her mister nervous
I've got a bruise to cover up on my leg
as well a big fat bruise a big bruise
looks like I've been kicked
well you kicked what fell off a bike
under the influence of alcohol I'll have
unis right we're going to bed now we'll
see you guys more a fig on day one
