good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog I didn't really know what I was
going to say there it just kind of came
out it's lighting again it's crazy
I think it's Mike's car it's always
crazy me and Mike are off to the gym
this morning it is quite early as about
8:00 we are going to a gym and whilst
we're out our sofas are getting
delivered we're getting newspapers for
the conception which is so exciting and
my mum's had to go over and like take
delivery of them so we have a surprise
when we get home are you going straight
to work very quick so you won't a chance
to squish the news no then we just got
back from working out and the sofas have
arrived this is literally the first time
we've seen them oh my god they're
amazing eyes these are the old ones
which we're going to auction or put
money where we haven't decided yet but
they're the old ones and dun dun dun dun
oh these are the new worlds so this is
what they look like with Mike passed out
from working out I'll show you the other
one because it's not so okey
they're the Gower sofa outside they are
the Gowan sofas from DFS and I really
really love them there in the natural
stripe as you can see not very practical
for dogs but I think I think they're
gonna be good and we actually got
stained prevent some stain prevention on
them as well which is awesome
we're gonna add some cushions and I'll
show you guys later I think cuz I'm
gonna haven't play around with them and
see what looks best but here they are
I've dragged my mom tada
who is back she's been away forever well
two weeks feels like forever and we are
on the hunt for cushions for the sofa a
very heart maybe hmm I'm not sure I do
actually really really like this thing
but I don't think it will go that stripy
one we could have it has for years I'm
not sure about that there's a rabbit
like we will see so we've stopped for a
quick Starbucks break I am having a
mango passionfruit Frappuccino because
it's so hot today it's like 23 degrees
which is amazing mom's got a coffee and
as you can see in the back we did a
little bit of cushion shopping we
actually ended up getting what I ended
up getting two different kinds so I need
you guys to vote on it so I'm gonna take
you home and I'm gonna take you home and
then you can let me know like which you
think goes better because I just
couldn't decide you know when you get
into a real like fluster trying to
decide something and you can't see the
sofa so you don't know what it's gonna
look like so fingers crossed
probably mum says either of them
probably don't way but fingers crossed
one of them will look good I just got
home and we have the cushion throw down
in the works at the moment okay here are
cushions number one which personally are
my least favorites here are cushions
number two which are slightly older
maybe a little bit more grannyish style
but I think they're a bit more subtle
this these sofas like I'm trying to get
them all in there so big what do you
think guys we also actually got these
little tables to go by them and which I
really really like but they only had two
I wanted four but we're gonna work it
out and see if we can either maybe put
them like at the end or not I don't know
what do you guys think let me know about
the cushions and yeah I'm just gonna
relax and have a cup of coffee on the
new sofas now a little bit of an update
for you guys I'm currently lying on sofa
in the snug writing a blog post and I'm
feeling a little bit smoothie it's 10:00
to 6:00 so I'm gonna try and get this
finished by 6 o'clock and then we're
actually going over to mums for dinner
tonight in unknown news
look who's back back again hello
look you lookin ruler cooler in your
sunglasses so it's actually probably
ever do you think it's been hard to save
the year so far I think tomorrow is
going to be the hottest day of the year
so far
tomorrow it's gonna be SuperDuper sunny
as well but it's very so nice today what
you know of course all day tomorrow
I'm gonna be so tanned look at you
you're gonna have the sexy girl for tan
to comb tensing those muscles I saw him
so taking the dog for walk and then we
have something super sneaky to show you
what it's something new and exciting and
scary so this is it guys it's a bike
I have not ridden a bike since I was
about 12 so I'm a little bit nervous
that I'm gonna fall on my face we've got
helmet safety first this is actually my
sister's bike it's very snazzy mountain
bike and we're gonna be cycling over to
my parents house only a couple of miles
I think it's like three but um we're
gonna see how it goes Mike is on his
bike which actually is like his and hers
can you see it and hopefully we don't
look too geeky we're gonna look Ikki
we're gonna look really really geeky
let's see
Oh God I love how you put on the same
sunglasses in me so we're like we're
even more twinsies and we both have neon
trainers on definitely my help job how
are you coping
do you think you've bitten off more than
you can chew so how you going on now my
love no well you're nearly there half
miles ago
push push we made it we didn't die on
the road and Mike is just putting on the
first game of the World Cup yeah Mama's
not impressed what we got for dinner do
you make juice oh you leave it in the
mike
we've got some potatoes that's all I can
see so far what else have you got
chicken heard it was chicken I heard a
rumor on the grapevine mom just picked
up spike shut off the auger thinking
that it was a tea towel to be honest it
did look like a tea towel about the same
size sorry I'm in the way ah burning
sunlight
who is it Brazil vs. Croatia oh my
goodness I've got a real headache after
that last bit was so buhbuh buhbuh
buhbuh buhbuh bumpy it felt like it was
shaking your brain oh that looks
delicious look at that oh yeah I just
tried it it's super spicy and we've got
some quinoa and lentils and wheat I
think and some tasty oMG I'm so hungry
we're on the way back now is in front we
are full some snacks and we're trying to
get back in time to watch the World Cup
so can't you do it well you up it up so
guess what guys I forgot to finish my
vlog last night because I was so tired
from cycling it was actually super super
fun though
I'm hoping maybe Mike and I can do a bit
more cycling this summer and like get
into it all I'm trying to really have
like a proper fitness kick as well and
it just yeah it just makes you feel so
much better especially in the summer
when you're gonna be wearing like skimpy
clothing and all that kind of stuff and
it just gives me more energy so
hopefully cycling can become part of my
thing I just noticed in the background
here squidge lying on this perf it
so ridiculous she squeezes herself onto
this little poop instead of sitting on
the chair she just likes hanging out you
a naughty girl squid right guys we'll
see you very soon in the next vlog bye
bye so it's day three in New York and I
have just arrived at beautycon the line
is crazy and it is about half 9:00 in
the morning and they have an old New
York taxi that says beautycon and
balloons all those
