hey guys so I hope you're all really
well and you're having an amazing day
today is a very special vlog I have had
a project in the works for a really
really long time over six months
probably yeah over six months so it's
kind of a long time and it has finally
finally it's happening and we're
shooting it is a cooking show on YouTube
I've partnered up with Sainsbury's and
I'm making a recipe every single week
first ones actually gone live today but
I'm filming today because we're actually
filming and I wanted to show you a
little bit behind the scenes now I'm
going to be doing a kitchen tour on my
main channel at the end of this week so
I'm not going to show you too much of
the kitchen but I wanted to do a little
bit of behind the scenes of cooking as
well as quick outfit of the day for you
all and just a general vlog of the day
so I'll put a link to the first recipe
in the info bar below and the link to
the channel as well if you guys want to
go and subscribe that would mean the
absolute world to me because like I said
this project has been in the works for a
really long time as you guys know I love
food I'm actually doing it with Mike
which is super super cool because it's
just nice to be able to do something
together like actually have a project to
work on together and he's so excited
about it don't tell him I told you he's
like ridiculously excited it's basically
just gonna be us like testing out
recipes in our kitchen as well
we're not like pretending to be expert
chefs because we're not math you guys
know you see this cook before but we're
just trying out like loads of new
recipes and showing you how to make some
of our old favorites I think one of the
first if not the first recipe is gonna
be spagbol which is like my standard
stuff like always always cook when
people come over but yeah anyway I'm
gonna get into it I'm gonna show you my
outfit and then I'll show you what we're
cooking in today's shoot this is my
little outfit from today it's like a
seventies style dress it can all all of
the mess in the background but yeah I
actually bought this from a vintage
market a couple of years ago and he's
pulling down a little bit like that and
I really like it I don't worn it in ages
the only problem is you have to wear it
with tights because it's shrunk and it's
like super super short so you have to
out the tights
even though it's actually quite warm
today and then I have on top shot a top
truck now Pasha contramar the name
put it in football below but I really
really love it it's like a perfect pinky
coral color I have my makeup
let me think Chanel vitami aqua
foundation I have on one of the urn
decay flush palettes that has like blush
bronzer and highlighter and the Omsk
naked3 eyeshadow palette and my mascara
which i am obsessed with at the moment
can you guys see is from Tarte it's the
lights camera flashes and then I just
have a fishtail bow and that's it right
let's go and see what's happening in the
kitchen there's other people here
filming it which is really weird as well
because they're like in our house so
today we're cooking something inspired
by a certain country can you guess what
it is it's related check out your flag
and I wanted to quickly show you as well
this sneaky little gadget that Mike is
obsessed with it's a laser gun thing
that tells you the temperature of things
yeah but you know why so you can see how
hot you are 28.6 hot how are you you're
31 I'm way hotter than you but the
reason I got this is because we cook in
this said item and we need to know how
hot it is doesn't tell you how
everything is so that at the moment is
because like food but the issue is we
need this we need the bottom of them to
be 165 and it's only 136 at the moment
that means we're gonna burn something
they know so we're gonna up the
temperature cuz you've got a little
darling or I've turned it outside the
temperature but then what if we need a
lower temperature you turn it down and
it's not very energy-efficient but it's
what the tree calls 27.8 so this is
Mike's workstation for today and this is
mine I know you've got the short straw
easiest recipe in the world and
condensed milk in it which I have been
stealing so tasty look at my pretty rose
they're having to go in the freezer but
don't tell so we're having a little
break from filming in the garden because
it's actually something today and
sampling Mike's cheeky recipe it
actually it's super super sunny outside
we're going to all the dogs but Mike's
force what are you doing wait don't
swing my explain golf in the garden we
had an awesome day fooling the best bit
Mike which was the best bit for you the
best bit was everything I did the best
it was when I ate in I was I showed them
you're paler
it was sneaky and tasty and delicious
and I'm definitely gonna I think we
should cook that again many times right
let's take these basically pounds for a
walk squid you what are you doing she's
dropped a golf ball in the pond and now
she can't walk out where is Oh old dog
when I was a kid used to duck his head
under and get it from right at the
bottom is upon me I'm guessing oh yeah
wreck the lily pad no problem so amazing
and sunny today so sunny I've got shorts
on I've got a hoodie on because it is
also a bit windy it's not actually that
warm it is so ba eautiful look at your
outfit of the day shorts and trainers
and a t-shirt
Wow how are you feeling about the day or
I've asked you that already
how do you feel that life at the moment
meaningful are you are you happy feeling
very busy am I good work I've just got
well what were doing today I've
obviously we filmed already and then I'm
going to the golf range
hi screech hi pussycat comes walking
with us
rally here she is I can't see what I'm
filming she's so calm Oh growler she's
like why have you stopped of walking
she's the coolest cat she comes on dog
walks with us can you spot the treacle
the naughty triki triki this is what we
call bumbling tree he likes to just run
off and she just runs
she's bumbling so I'm in the car right
now I'm poppin over to see my
sister-in-law and my little nephew for a
cup of tea my hair is looking cray from
the wind walking the dogs we were
actually meant to go to a personal
training session and it's been delayed
so it's gonna be quite late tonight so
no no eat for dinner and go for a copy
of the backing and work it out I guess
I've also got a massive ulcer on my lip
and it's so sore it drives me crazy did
any of you get ulcers I'm not the
Shakers very gross but it's just really
really sore
I always get them if I ever like bite my
cheek on my tongue or anything they
always like spread and they just get
bigger and bigger and bigger so much we
are on our way to the gym to the gym gym
gym gym gym gym that's all I got we
normally go
to the gym on Friday mornings but
because we are busy tomorrow morning
we're going to light and it's currently
half us eight so it's quite late there
is lightning sunshine and we are
listening to Ed Sheeran song saying
light on repeat because I'm obsessed
with it it's amazeballs this sum is
crazy
let's go get sweaty are you ready to get
sweaty you know like a football hooligan
I got my ass whooped Mike seriously got
his ass I've never seen you going like
on a rowing machine like ever
he's had his dinner as well I have had
no dinner it's currently 944 I thought
my thing I was about is that a joke it's
in any title at night I feel bad that
Ali did that Oh awesome
it was awesome I feel really good
actually that was like the best workout
had a long time ago like you did it
later on at night and it's so much
better working at 90 for the energy yeah
but then you don't technically it's
better working in the morning on the no
but you stuff like this and you actually
burn off more yeah but if you don't the
energy anyway I'm gonna go and find some
dinner now and eat it really hard how
you do that Bob you do it I just ate it
my is being super amazeballs
I'm currently shaking up an aerosol
paint with spray painting with stars you
guys my remedies from a whole video I
did on my main channel and I bought the
spray at the same time and mint spray
than like three months ago probably two
months ago and never got after doing it
so this is before this is during please
note that during this experiment as I
would call it I would be going Mike is
very precise and this is after they
really stink
hey guys so it's now the next day I
didn't actually finish the vlog last
night because we were up until like half
one hanging pictures I think
but I just wanted to show you guys
something else that we're doing today
before I say goodbye it's super sunny so
we're cooking a barbecue I have some of
the stuff here as you can see we have
some giant mushrooms because I'm gonna
be making a mushroom burger which I'm
super excited about I sort of understand
me when I can't who posted it it looked
amazing and then I got some peppers
sweet corn and heart-shaped strawberries
oh yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog make sure you go and check out our
new cooking channel if you have a time
it would be totally amazing the shadow
is doing weird weird stuff with my face
right now right yeah if you have the
time please go check that out because it
would be super awesome and Mike and I
would love it if you watched it because
otherwise it would be sad and we would
be on a rain say three in New York and I
have just arrived at beautycon the line
is crazy and it is about half 9:00 in
the morning and they have an old New
York taxi that bed beats bottom
