so it's day three in New York and I have
just arrived at beautycon the line is
crazy and it is about half 9:00 in the
morning and they have an old New York
taxi that says beautycon in balloons
although they're getting kind of blown
so you can't read it but it's so awesome
I don't know why there was a guy driving
it I don't know if maybe he's taking
people places let's find out Lorenz
found a unicorn unicorn in the world
there is giant hamburger sushi Donuts
pretzels aliens everything it's very
beauty related not bring a little bit of
shopping right now we found Amelia again
she pops up everywhere in New York guys
there are personalizable cookies what
are you doing Oh mother loves my tea I
love it I'm gonna do mine now is this
for me did you unwrap one yeah we are
here's the end result it looks a little
bit disappointing if I'm honest compared
to biscuit ears what about to go on
stage for my car
the blue cards in exchange we're gonna
go to communities soon but before we do
I actually want everybody down come out
still all the way down to the floor I
want you guys to sort of give your best
you know tip for an up-and-comer like
what is something that everyone here can
walk away with if they want to launch
something and be able to do something at
least started in the right direction so
clarification I would say two things if
it's echoing what can be said about
being consistent posting regularly and
being persistent because it takes a long
time and don't have anybody asking about
the two things I always say if you're
passionate about it you're consistent
you're consistent chances are so escapes
the madness of beautycon and we've come
to South Street Seaport and Fulton
Street which is next to it and we're
just chilling out we're gonna grab some
lunch in a minute but we've discovered
Shayan candy and it's 40% off and what
can we fit it in our suitcase lover look
at the rice crisps
we found a whole stand of the makeup
bags that they were giving away at the
party last night and we're getting a
little over excited about that and they
have to buy 65 of them we've got a
little bit over exciting I'm a little
ordering this isn't it yeah we have
visually it's with tasty-looking factoid
stuff kale salad back into use
she consumers then we also have shrimp
skewers skewers and the orange we came
to South Street Seaport in the hope that
we might get to go to Bath and Body
Works but the whole little mall shopping
center thing is closed for construction
I don't know what they're doing to it
but hey we're going to check out some
awesome boats and go and share by the
river for a minute before heading back
to beautycon because my meetup is in
like half an hour I'm excited I'm very
excited I think
to meet my subscribers in England I'm a
little bit nervous I'm at the soil booth
right now and I'm about how I meet up
I'm a little bit nervous because I don't
know if there's anyone here apparently
or a few people here but I always get
really nervous before meetups but I'm
excited to meet everybody here let's
let's do it
they finished the meetup and was awesome
and now I found Lauren and we're under
the umbrella and it's chucking it down
but we've come to Williamsburg to have a
little mosey I never been here before in
all the times I've been to New York
which is quite a lot and it's so that's
quite bad isn't it
this looks like a shop I want to go into
yeah let's go in here let's go in so
it's our last day in New York I didn't
finish blogging last like two sotai we
ended up going and getting some sushi
with some of the girls at work with
stylehaul which was really nice because
obviously I don't get to see them very
often which was it was cool it was nice
to hang out and have some sushi as you
know I'm obsessed today the Sun is out
yeah look at this it looks amazing and
we are headed for Sunday so we're headed
for Sunday brunch at the top of the
standard in the Meatpacking District so
off we go we've got our Oprah chai all
right you didn't get original yeah but
that Oprah one is really good you can't
get it in England so I thought one last
hurrah with Oprah chai and we are off to
stuff our faces once again so we've
arrived at the standard run and view it
and this is what we have a tiny and
scallops with little quails eggs on top
looking amazing and sunny I'm in the
toilet right now okay guys but let me
explain I had to show you this it's the
toilet and everything you have been
something yet but look at the view
outside of the toilet
can we see like a like that you can look
out on New York as you take a weed oh
yes you can
the coolest toilet ever and they have a
privacy fence as well just in case
you're worried about peeping toms we've
come up on the roof to finish our last
ring and look at this amazing view
behind me this guy's it's a two dollar
note have you ever seen a to Donnell
note before I have never I'm guessing
people who live in the states may have
or is it face we don't know we made a
little bit of a detour into Sephora and
they have a lash bar I've never seen
this before look Lauren I know on
marketing it's crazy crazy busy in here
these are all the things
mental we're trying to find the snack
because our brunch at the standard was
like teeny teeny tiny so we're looking
for something tasty
we're not sure what oh my god places
I love voices so much have these amazing
cupcakes
we've come up to the top of the
Rockefeller Center to sunset it's
looking pretty awesome the sunsets over
there though it's so busy so busy but
it's looking good let's go see if we can
find a bit more space so nice over there
so this is what sunset looks like
there's Empire and the Chrysler Building
such a good day so that's it for my New
York vodka I really hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you again very
soon who knows when and
