hey guys and welcome to New York today
I'm here with Lauren happy hum for it is
sooo beautiful getting embarrassed I
just love embarrassing and we are in New
York a few days and apparently it's our
first day and we've come from blow dryer
because it's raining outside
so we are in Drive in the Flatiron and
once abundant a while she looks cool so
this is the before and we'll show you
the after learns before it's actually
not bad pretty good dry shampoo you get
a feeling we describe our blow-dry
looking looks right now and we are
heading into urban offices that's
obscene
you're a Urban Outfitters addicts yes
like oh we have to go in so when I go in
and see without my glasses my still is
Chiltern and it's cheap in there too so
it's crazy crazy this is Lauren purses
it's in New York we're walking through
the East Village imagining whatever you
like to live it like I want that one I
want this little one over here be like I
want to live here I want to live there
that's the cutest house in New York yes
or no I think that's - this one is beaut
I think definitely
the ferry one so cool yeah this is the
point where someone opens the door we
made this sneaky little stop at the mark
by Mark Jacobs store there and I'd
normally show you what I bought because
I'm sure it'll make an appearance in
another year but we mostly got killed by
the door
lauren bought and mawkish hold on look
at this safety first guy is Mark J I
went all out and we're now going into
bookmark which is the Marc Jacobs bundle
this is meant to amazing I wanted to
come here for so long but I haven't so
here we go here we go it's kind of like
like a book carrier of Urban Outfitters
coffee table we've made the obligatory
stop and Magnolia Bakery yeah and I
don't know what I want but everything
looks amazing
she's really old-fashioned
Oh lost got coconut with the cards to
begin it it's gonna be good though it's
gonna be worth it we stopped hello
Sarang this excites us greatly
I'm yells it's love the bar in Soho my
excited
a little bit later now and I forgot to
vlog dinner but we went for a tasty
dinner and it was really good and we
have just got back to the hotel and they
have moved rooms because our old room
was so small you literally could not
move in the bathroom it was pretty tiny
and we just came in here and it's
massive we both came in at the same time
we're like so much palatial it is
palatial and there's a door I have to
talk we have no sexy shower time this
morning when you can see each other
through it through the shower this is
like a massive bathroom I'm Way over
excited hooray
and we did lots of shopping soft knee
we're gonna go grab some drinks
downstairs and I will show you those I
won't forget I promise so I made a
little bit of an error in ordering and
peanut butter milkshake cocktail which
is actually pretty much we're trying to
get those ones right the vending machine
seems to be deposited three dollars 75
in five cent coins we went we only put
in one dollar no and all that came out
so now we're going to another floor I
want to get my Cheetos from a different
machine look at that oh yeah baby good
morning everybody and welcome to day two
in New York we are going down into Whole
Foods to get some breakfast and then we
are going to the park on a side note we
just tried the new Oprah chai tea latte
from Starbucks life-changing it's good
stuff and I'm
so obsessed with oh my god that is
actually amazing we've taken up a perch
are we on a rock in Central Park I
currently it is Pride Rock and we have
our breakfast oh yes yeah what do we
have watermelon yeah lover lovely is
know Maggie Wilks at that but we'll get
there we've got some pumpkin muffin Oh
in the world 10 wellness we didn't ya
get it k up an eye on the Kiwi date
blueberries and coconut yeah late $10
each whoops didn't realize that was
Portland and I better be good fresh
they're gonna be good for an itch
watercress pear pineapple and coconut
and then I just got my station coconut
water I'm gonna eat this now and then
we're going for more walking in the park
is actually not raining so that's bonus
yes the king is actually alright day
it's not bad we thought it was really
storming so it could be worse fair fine
well maybe not fine so guys we seem to
be on the water right now in our own
room we are both knowing it's a bit of a
disaster if I'm honest but we're going
that way that way we onwards onwards I
wish I could slog the actual rowing yeah
you can me I just row okay if floors
just rows we will show you will show
that in a bit
I feel like I'm gonna fall off the back
Laurens actually the most competitive
person in the world as well so there's a
couple oh she's like wherever taking
wherever taking I'm like yeah because
they're having a romantic day good I saw
some turtles turtles that is so cool
we are about to go underneath the bridge
and try to zoom out weight loss forget
we're gonna we gonna crash right we're
not gonna crash we can save it we can
say I saved it you know she's really hot
we've come to the creepy dead-end that
reminds me of Cloverfield a little bit
and another dead end so we can go no
further
yeah very nailing it we beat all the
other rowers oh yeah we're the best
rowing team English laughs we got to the
end Sarge all the romantic messing
around smooching this is like pretty
good view too and the sun's come out
amazing good rhythm going
if you see another boat ran straight
into them and we found that Alice in
Wonderland statue I've never actually
seen this before
but yeah it's really awesome that is it
we're continuing our romantic date with
a glass of Prosecco by the river and we
actually have reservations to eat at the
boathouse in there in about a half an
hour but we're a bit early just because
we've been rushing around and we thought
it was wonderful it's actually 1:30 so
we have three and I had quite an active
morning I'm feeling quite tired but it
is we've earned which have earned our
learning finally got a team
we have many pretzels have you ever
eaten a person for like a savory
crimes in America are ridiculously de
they're so much bigger than anywhere in
Europe and I love it Lauren got two
burgers you know what one just isn't
enough
okay we'll resource resources because
once it's honor it smells amazing and we
have the view of the boathouse over
there all within the boathouse so you
have the view of the lake so we just
arrived in Greenwich Village for the
Maybelline and style wool party which is
super exciting but I had 15 minutes to
get ready so I feel a little disheveled
but we're gonna go in and there are
fairy lights in this little place called
the little owl coolest name ever
so we just sent out the party into the
crazy rain growing it down with rain but
on a plus side we're waiting for taxi we
found every street I think it is
actually a Christmas tree because it
looks very dead
yeah it looks sad a sad Christmas tree
anyway it is currently raining we just
saw the most epic Lightning and I tried
to switch my camera on in time and it
didn't work and now we're waiting for
cab which is blatantly gonna take ages
because it's chucking it down with rain
this is a good technique I didn't I'm
ready like yeah right we're going for
drinks in the East Village we're also
needed to show you guys the most amazing
goodie back in the world the party
tonight was with Maybelline and style
hall and they had these little makeup
bags as the goody bags says I'm having a
sale in New York in case you can't read
I don't know why I needed to say that me
and Lauren are both having an affair in
New York I mean Mike and Sam are feeling
unlucky at home
