good morning guys welcome to the fifth
of April today I am in the Panasonic
Center in Tokyo crazy and we're looking
at all of their new tech that is out and
is coming out of the next few months a
lot of it because we're in Japan is
Japanese and we can't get it
they have such crazy stuff there that
does amazing things so as we're doing
this morning I will show you a little
bit of what we're doing and show you
around what I can I'm not allowed to
film everything but I will film some
things to you guys and there's a why
don't like a cafe window in here and we
eat there's no Julio I was in a real
food at that time look at those
macaroons right yeah so this is
Panasonic's smart house basically like
their futuristic we cook all of their
technology this is the kind of like
storage area and then we have a living
room and a kitchen and a bedroom
upstairs it's very very cool
she's just shown us on and like showed
us actually how it works but we don't
know how it works but basically it tells
you everything you would need to know
about absolutely everything what is in
your kitchen how to cook stuff TV or
splash projector you need to up again
Mike this is a little bit better than
your projector so we're in Panasonic's
like futuristic house right now and they
have the bed here that displays like all
of your details when you lie down gives
you like your night sky or whatever and
what your body condition and then the
mirror does see you stand on and like a
precious hatch here and it gives you
like your weight and all the details on
the mirror and then the other side does
your skin condition so it shows you like
wrinkles smile lines pores like beauty
recommendations kind of hard to see in
video but very very cool
let me control money and BGM so that you
could relax this is crazy
check this out guys
you can move for checking out how
stressed oh you got a high smile level
ooh
68 blood pressure right there there we
go heart rate I think yeah fairly
relaxed like mid range not too stressed
rising blood pressure and you can like
test out makeup on this one how cool is
it so crazy fake lashes so funny club
style well that's pretty intense you can
flip things and make up simulation and
then you can do other colors different
lighting as well this is cool like
outdoor restaurant shopping it does
recommended exercises as well
do you like so presumably like it
recommends stuff to get you Basseterre
which helps should repel clothes
demonstrating thanks my Sun Hat me hand
back yet like our example is he's having
trouble yeah looking at oh yeah I'd be
wanting to been a frugal oh that's cool
so it's just less Panasonic Center and
we're now on our way to Ginza to do a
little bit of slicing we have four hours
till dinner we're going to try and do
Ginza Shibuya and go to the crossing and
also those how to view and Clairmont
bento well I mean what's it so much and
fell off my chair pretty much so we're
going to start anywhere now means I'm
allergic to fish enough yet just because
I've been trying all of my food just
like if their facial not semester like
no yeah so it's a pedal pushers if it
wasn't I kill you and then I would be
the blame will be sad you're in charge
is happening with the anyway you're in
charge of stabbing mood as you can which
I left my hotel room I got my kids but
the time I get back to be honest I could
probably pretend to be you they might
believe yeah but by the time I go back
to the hotel picked up the EpiPen you've
definitely be dead no I am NOT in touch
that no pressure I'm going to get out
translating instead on travel so this is
Ginza guys we're heading to a restaurant
called Birdland I'm hoping it is open
where I have apparently located the
tastiest yakitori in Tokyo potentially a
lot of the reviews say anyway so I just
asked in a short for directions and
apparently Sammy's secret
well it's the bird flu I mean apparently
no I think this is just one I think it's
a next step okay wrong secret stairs
Tokyo's the home of the secret stairs
guys I put on flowers three secret
stairs we're now going down on the
subway station we have they're going to
be like close is close
oh my god this is so random
is it close Oh what I think it's just
shot there's somebody in there on wait
hang on the people in that oh they're
making the foot old guys we're going
back to the shop after the guy if you
have any other recommendations because
we think you've got good tape
oh so can all this cuz I wanted mochi
before I think we might be able to find
some in there
so one of the top spies are traveling
with Claire's but she's not scared of
asking people things she's when a task
is to ladies we've made from Japanese
clenches we've made some Japanese
friends and they're showing us the best
place to get noodles so in Tokyo so this
is awesome
I'm always to get asked for help getting
close so our new friends showed us to a
local ramen and we met thinking I think
seeing people running I think a little
bit crazy because it's also about 4 p.m.
and nobody else is eating and we used as
I just to tell them that Claire is
allergic no shellfish fish wasn't that
there isn't that which has a translation
going on as well so we're getting over
in Tokyo turns out it works the same you
got gloves always that smell we're in
another pet shop and they have Winnie
the Pooh harnesses but they don't have
piglet we need to grab the piglet I want
the strawberry backpack really so cute
look at the sushi toys
frozen popcorn guys what be recognized
okay look I'm a Japanese Johnny Depp
we've come to the famous Shibuya
crossroad go guys go the light green
cross everywhere you can it's crazy it's
like Oxford Turkish on track I told you
check it out we're not being currency at
all right now turn to Instagram so now
there was a stopping madness
oh yeah is my favorite city in the world
so we've just arrived at a little fairy
station and we're getting on this boat
for dinner no one else is here yet
because we're ninjas and we got here
early on for dinner part yeah we're all
having drinks we have this magical drink
which is apparently plum wine but it
basically tastes like alcoholic
appetizer can't apple pies err kind of
like the best thing ever delicious and
we have all of this yummy Japanese food
including a lot of sashimi we have some
vegetables and maybe tofu kind of things
not sure what this is it looks like
mochi but oh maybe it is mochi that
strange if it is because everything else
is savory but some beans it feels like
mochi squishy and then we have I think
some kind of fish there's something in
here that is prawn and I'm not sure I'll
try it
and then that's something jelly ish I
have no idea
we have escaped to the roof of the boat
there is a Tokyo Skytree that blossom
everywhere
the really romantic setting I've just
got back to the hotel and it's actually
super late we stopped for a drink on our
way back at actually a really random bar
that was full of not English people but
not Japanese people like tourists
basically it was like right next to our
hotel so we stopped for a couple of
drinks and it was really fun and now I'm
back at the hotel and very tired because
it is half past midnight and we're
leaving for the airport at 8:45 tomorrow
morning's we're meeting for breakfast a
15 so Kalluri up at about 7:00 I'm going
to pack get stuff sorted some go to bed
now
I'm actually not flying home tomorrow
I'm flying to Amsterdam and I was
actually meant to meet Mike at the same
time that I landed but he had to move
his like a day later so gonna have to be
alone with an actual hair one of my
hairs hanging off my camera right now
and it's definitely mine because it's
like 5 million feet long and blonde but
yes I was meant to be Mike and now I've
got 24 hours of lunar Sam and he's
coming on Friday so that sucks a long
journey ahead of me so I'm gonna get
some sleep had a great time in Tokyo
today it was so fun we actually had a
really really good day um yeah so that's
it for today guys I will see you
tomorrow bye
