hey guys and welcome to Dubai I am in
Dubai for a couple of days with boohoo
to go on set for their TV ad shoot which
is exciting for two reasons first
because I've never done anything like
that before ever so I'm just excited to
see like behind the scenes of a fashion
shoot which is just really exciting kind
of like a dream come true for me and
secondly I've never been to Dubai before
so I'm really really excited I arrived
in the middle of the night so I didn't
have any idea of where I was it was I
think my flight landed at 4 a.m. so I
was super tired I had been traveling for
almost 24 hours on the way back from
Dallas and yeah I'm feeling a bit weird
right now I slept on the plane but I
only had like two hours sleep here
but I did get to wake up to this view
which is pretty awesome you can see my
camera reflection I might open this door
it's actually super super super hot
outside I think it's nearing 40 degrees
which for those of you who work in
Fahrenheit is about 100 so a lot hotter
than I'm used to anyway I thought I
would do a quick hotel room tour because
I arrived last night obviously because
boohoo is a fashion brand I'm here on
the shoot and they've really really
kindly offered to dress me for the day's
yeah I couldn't really get more excited
about it and I arrived in my room to
find it looking kind of like a shop more
specifically a shoe shop I'm so obsessed
with these issues I don't think a shoe
could be much more like me embodied in a
shoe rose gold and sparkly bits and pink
I'm loving it and then I put my bed here
I have a little pillow pet actually that
a subscriber brought me to the meetup in
Dallas and he doesn't have a name yet so
if you know or if you can think of a
name for this dude then let me know in
the comment section below I was cuddling
him last night wishing him a squidge um
yeah so that's my bed my laptops Eric's
uploading a video got my handbag here
which I need to put some stuff in some
cream makeup all that jazz and my
luggage is here and there's some more
clothes hanging out I'm obsessed with
this place as well I'm going to be
wearing this probably tonight and then
in here is the bathroom which is quite
steep me because I just turned
shower on for a minute to steam out my
skirt as you can see there is a whole
lot of mess going on on the toilet few
front I actually just had to like wash
out with wash bag because my fake town
decided to explode on the plane which is
never good I'm about to shoot off a
breakfast before I go I wanted to show
you a little outfit of the day what I'm
wearing or my first day in dy and as you
can see I'm wearing this really really
cute like grey and pink floral top which
has this little white collar and I've
tied it up at the waist because it was
cropped so you could tuck it in but I
think it looks better like this and then
I have long to show you this way so it's
probably easier to see I have on this
spike necklace which I absolutely love
and I think it's quite nice with this
top because this is quite um I don't
know like feisty looking and this is
very girly so it's a nice kind of
difference my nails are a Rimmel color I
think it's called fancied it I actually
picked it up in the airport but I'm
loving it and then I have on this little
scalloped hem black skirt you can see
all of my luggage and nerves and then I
have on these shoes which I am obsessed
with because they are super super
comfort like zigzag black and white
shoes all this is from boohoo and then
I'm also going to be carrying my
recommend coffe mini Mac clutch which
may have been a naughty purchase when I
was in Dallas whoopsy I'm gonna head off
for breakfast now but I will take you
guys along with me to the shoot I'm so
excited and I can't wait for you guys to
see I think the first shoot is like a
sunset rave theme so we will see what
it's like we're grabbing a little bit of
hotel breakfast
I'm with Rosie from booboo and I think
it took us a lot longer to decide what
to eat and it's gonna take us to eat
this because there is so much food but
yeah weird combination but I'm so hungry
I find when I fly I just get the most
bizarre like cravings for food in the
middle of the night don't tell anyone
what I did actually eat a packet of
crisps at like five
yeah we've just arrived on set in a
beautiful beach club the sea is that it
is so hot I am struggling to deal with
it seriously it's going to be sweat
tastic in a minute as you can see they
are already printing over here is a very
gorgeous looking model and yeah we're
going to see what's going on we've taken
a little break from filming come and dip
our toes in the sea it's so beautiful
and boiling boiling hot so we've escaped
from the heat to have a mocktail it's
not a cocktail it's too early for that
guys and we're actually by all of this
sneaky rails in the makeup and I've been
having a little sneak peak in that and
it is anyone anyone in here let's go and
have a look these are all the rails of
the clothes and I definitely have my
heart on this dress loving it absolutely
love it so much bright stuff there's
more here and the guy stuff and then in
here is all of the makeup it's where all
the models of me going
have done and they're all looking very
beautiful I don't know how they're
staying not sweaty because my makeup is
melting off my face hence we have come
in here to get a little bit of aircon
because I think it's a little bit hot
outside for me well I'm feeling quite
jealous of the models right now guys
leave the frame loser brain work born
and just like you said you just push the
place
I'm back in my hotel room now we popped
out from the shoot for the afternoon
because it was so so hot on set and just
watching the models we were like dying
of heat so we're gonna go to the mall
and get a coffee and have a look and
just kind of have a look around Dubai as
well because I'm really not getting like
we're in here for two days so I'm really
not getting to see like as much of it as
I would like so we're sneaking out and
we're going to check out them all and
I've got my jacket because it's so
bizarre it's so hot outside and then
it's freezing freezing cold inside
because the aircon so we're heading off
now I've changed my shoes to some flats
because they were not loving heels we've
arrived at the Dubai wall and typically
there's a Ferrari parked outside love it
we're in Dubai this mall is so big there
is a dinosaur in it this is definitely
the most fancy mall I've ever been in in
my life check it out guys and we are
currently on the hunt of a coffee
because jetlag is finally catching up
with me and I feel really rough but I
was like falling asleep in the car on
the way here like trying so hard to keep
my eyes open we managed to find a
directory but this is just a bee suit oh
no I have a feeling we might get lost we
managed to find somewhere to have coffee
but I think I made a bit of an era when
I was ordering thinking that it was a
very healthy option as it turned up
basically a bowl of cream loving it
I didn't know Dubai was your home look
guys there's a giant aquarium in the
middle of the mall so amazing it looks a
little bit overcrowded in there but my
favorite thing there's a starry ceiling
I want this in my bedroom it's so
amazing
there's a giant waterfall with many
diving men I'm not entirely sure why
they're diving but it's so cool pretty
big so probably we came on them all
exactly the right time to see the
fountains and the sunset it's looking
pretty cool kind of reminds me of the
Bellagio fountains in Vegas
just a little bit cheesy
I believe I'm blowing your mind right
now and vlogging whilst I'm facetiming
Mike how are you have you got message
for everybody
hey you want to check out my view see
it's pretty good showing these guys
actual camera it's pretty awesome
outside it looks way better on the
camera than it looks on your screen
anything else to tell my vlog it's
really hot here well you can say goodbye
because you've got nothing interesting
to say
I just got changed for dinner I'm back
in the hotel now obviously after skyping
Mike and I had the best shower oh my
goodness I have never felt so amazing
have you shot before I honestly don't
think I've been so hot in my life anyway
I thought it would do really quick
outfit the day before we go down for
dinner we're actually having dinner in
the hotel because as a big team we're
not kind of all going out anywhere so I
just thought I'd show you what and
where's right this is my little outfit
as you can see I have on this it's kind
of like an Aztec print jacket and it's
really lightweight it's actually quite
cold inside even though it's so hot
outside their conditioning so high that
you kind of need a jacket on your inside
and then I also have on this little
black play suit which is actually quite
loose at the bottom so it looks like a
little black dress so these are both
from boohoo and then I'm also wearing my
little Jimmy Choo wedges which actually
don't rego but I don't have any black
shoes I would have normally paid place
paired this with a black but Brown will
do and yep I'm off it in an hour I'll
see you guys later bye hey guys and
welcome to day 2 in Dubai today I am
heading to breakfast actually a little
bit late and I have a really sore throat
and if this is the air conditioning or
if I'm getting ill hopefully it's the
air conditioning but I'm gonna do really
quick out for the day before I go I'm in
a real
I am wearing this necklace which is from
boohoo and this t-shirt which says
Bonjour which is also from boohoo and
then I have on this skirt from new look
and it's like boho black bag also from
boohoo
and just some flip-flops and that is it
for my outfit of the day today's shoot
is going to be like festival Woodstock
kind of Coachella themed obviously
really really hot as well so I thought a
maxi skirt would be a good option I'm
gonna grab my sunglasses and we're gonna
go so we've made a little detour on
routes to the shoot today and we've
popped to you the beach Dubai is like
nowhere else in ever been before what I
think is really crazy in the amount of
construction that's going on is insane
one of the coolest things I've seen
there is this inflatable kind of
adventure playground
in the sea how cool is that if I was a
kid I would absolutely love that and
it's also there's this weird spongy
flooring that we're walking on which I
assume has been done for runners but I
don't know anyone crazy enough to go
running in the seat I seriously don't
know anyone can do that
so yeah that's what we're doing this
morning and then we're headed over to
the shoot which is in a park called
Safa park which we don't know where it
is but we're hoping the taxi driver will
so we've arrived at our sapa park for
day two of the shoot it's looking
awesome it's like a mini festival set up
so you can see the dubai skyline in the
background there are just a little
campfire which ajan isn't actually lit
and they've got a little teepee Hut had
10 things whatever they're called and a
campervan and we're gonna go over here
and take a few snaps and see what is
going on the models are ready I think as
well of extras actually as well Rosie
and I have got roped into being extras
we are obviously out festival right now
check it out
and there's action going on over there
and we're meant to be best mates
yeah it's good acting going on we like
each other so it's all good
so we've made another little detour and
escaped to the air conditioning of the
Mall of the Emirates which is the other
really big mall in Dubai not
particularly to go shopping because we
went shopping yesterday but we were just
so hot I did get a few cheeky little
things from the Zara baby section
because it's little Lulu's first
birthday today I'm so sad to be missing
it because she is my favorite small
little girl in the whole world and I
can't believe she's one I'm so excited
to get home and see her I'll probably
I'll show you what I bought her a bit
later because it's been hard showing out
like all have the cutest things and then
the pumpkin this mall is actually much I
could much prefer it yesterday's one I
think it's a lot yeah it's a bit more
like old fashioned looking even though
it is really really modern but there is
big dome check out my new ride guys I've
stolen the camper van it's so cool in
here
look at the green checked seats as a
guitar in the back it is seriously cool
it's bit smelly though we've broken into
the styling what would you call it
trailer there's a lot there would a baby
go and there's a lot of jewelry going on
right here it's sparkly stuff and this
hat was what Beth was wearing earlier
with little ears the boys are doing some
very technical walking right now final
shot of the day and all the models are
lining up in front of the palm trees and
the sunset it is so beautiful
hit the view of your eyes amazing I just
got back to my room did a quick change
and we're heading out for a final wrap
dinner with the crew and I wanted to do
it quick outfit today because I got
changed again and it's quite dark so I'm
hoping you guys can see but this is what
I am wearing this evening it's a bit of
an awkward angle because I'm really
close to the mirror because I've been
trying to pack but I'm wearing
everything I'm wearing is actually from
boohoo I'm wearing this black play suit
that has cutout arms I'm gonna throw my
leather jacket on over the top of this
as well and then I also have on these
shoes which I absolutely love and
they're also and they've got court keels
and these are we upside down for you
wait a minute that's probably better and
a little bit of snakeskin normally I
don't like snakeskin but a little bit I
think it's good and then I also have on
and loads and loads of chain necklaces
and that is it
I was wrong my leather jacket now I
could go because I'm a little bit late
I'm feeling really really rough I didn't
have time to wash my hair cuz I got back
and I've been trying to pack and my room
is honestly it looks like a bombs
dropped hey guys so I'm back in the
hotel room now I didn't actually get to
vlog any of dinner because I really
wasn't there for very long I have
succumbed to a cold I had a really sore
throat this morning and I just knew it
was kind of coming and I feel really
rotten but I'm actually flying home in
about 4 hours time so it was good guys
leave early anyway I'm trying to open
the door so that I can say goodbye to
Dubai with you all I hope you guys have
enjoyed this vlog it was so awesome for
boohoo to brought me along I had the
best time of such a fun kind of couple
of days such a whirlwind though
literally like two days in Dubai is
pretty insane but I had a great time and
a massive thank you to you guys as well
because without your support I wouldn't
be able to do awesome things like this
and yeah I really appreciate all of you
watching my videos and I hope you guys
have a really really lovely day and I'm
going to leave you with this beautiful
view of Dubai and I will see you guys
again very soon
