hey guys and welcome to my Dallas
adventure part 2 as you may be able to
tell em currently in the gym it is 6
o'clock in the morning and I got 1 hours
extra sleep or I woke up one hour least
then I woke up yesterday so it's all
good I woke up at 4:00 Hey
I did some work for 2 hours and now I'm
in the gym and I'm actually on my own in
the gym this is cool I love being alone
in the gym because it means I can float
without feeling like a weirdo this is
the gym at our hotel then get some water
do some running and then hopefully by
the time if I get back to the hotel room
the girls will be awake I hate waking
people up it makes me feel SuperDuper
awkward and I also hate jetlag but hey
let's just roll with it and go to the
gym so I'm looking distinctly more put
together than the last time you saw me
me and si have gone on a bit of a
mission to find the harbor I'm in
ridiculous wedges anyway we are going
back to the conference now everything
was one running late so we were meant to
have like an hour break but actually we
had like 10 minutes break well we got
iced tea and Amelia has escaped and gone
we head to the room she didn't she
wasn't enjoying the tour
yeah so she went to do some work in the
room I have hair all suck in my lipgloss
and it's really uncomfortable so I'm
gonna go now but it's actually a nice
day today there is like the risk of
storms tomorrow apparently and we're
really worried what's gonna happen with
the meetup however there was also
mentally risking storm today and it
hasn't happened so I'm hoping it might
just happen on Monday when we've gone
that's hopefully that's what we're
hoping anyway we just don't want to get
there to the meetup and there's like a
tornado warning or something that kind
of is yeah but yeah I'm gonna do like I
really won't put out there today
dad dad sir I'm wearing a jacket from
you look right here a t-shirt from
Topshop that's slightly see-through so I
have to wear the jacket so you can't see
my bra and then I'm also wearing these
shorts which are from River Island which
actually do not look they look a bit
awkward upside down but there you go
they're valuing my wedges my wedges are
from Jimmy Choo I've had them for a
while and I have
Rebecca Minkoff back to the least
flattering angle for an outfit your
little suits from I love the shoes the
shoes right we're gonna go back now and
listen to more lectures and then I'll
probably see you at lunchtime yeah can't
wait lunchtime and we couldn't really
find anywhere around to eat so we came
next door to Neiman Marcus as you do
having a very unexpected very fancy
lunch sitting here piano wave eating
what is it's like a way that you're kind
of your branding but then we also have
strawberry butter strawberry butter
because our I mean it just presented us
with a shot of something try a thing
is it really good okay we're worried
together anyone from Texas can you tell
us if it is normal to be served a shot
of gravy with your meal is it nobody
because it's awesome it's awesome but
I've never never seen it fall this meal
looks decidedly like my meal did last
night but hey I'm just replicating it's
a salad that I'm gonna make it really
unhealthy by doing this oh yes I am but
back in the mall and we're in the
section of the mall oh we didn't
discover yesterday when we came to the
mall it's the super fancy section I
don't know how much shopping we're gonna
be doing in this section we just had the
most friendly cab driver in the history
of existence and it's put me in such a
good mood like when people are friendly
it just makes me so happy and we were
talking about the cab drivers here
versus the cab drivers in New York who
are like the grumpiest ever and
sometimes don't even speak to you like
you asked where to go and they don't
acknowledge that you've said anything
you know like did you hear me um is that
okay kind of thing and they just ignore
you you're like okay well I guess you
heard me cuz he's driving but yeah we
met a super nice guy and now we're going
shopping and we're gonna get a snack I
quite fancy some frozen yogurt if we can
find some
and intermix fans getting too intimate
oh they're guys they was on the hunt for
yoga and we came in here and found
yummylicious I'm a big fan of the
do-it-yourself self-serve frozen yogurt
because I like mixing my own toppings
because they never give you enough
toppings anyway they have really really
cool flavor I've never been to this
chain before I got avocado which sounds
disgusting is actually brilliant at the
to select our avocado
I got habanero mango which is like spicy
mango and peanut butter so I've kind of
divided it's like the fruity side with
the Club Penguin and the peanut butter
side with like the caramel toppings and
stuff yes they got like vanilla yogurt
sprinkles cookie dough chocolates I went
all out I didn't know it was by weight
so I was Mel's gonna take advantage of
this but yeah that kind of screwed me I
know and for anyone we're gonna eat this
so when now maxin relaxin in this 52 at
the mall touches really snappy in here
these are all of essays by excited no
shopping after all she just she just
mailed them to do the party though
that's all three of our bags
Amelia couldn't even stand that she had
the bathroom
unbelievable we have a problem we have
problem what do you expect though when
oh my goodness guys don't tell Mike hey
boys do I tell Mike anyway we I'm joking
Mike loves it Mike loves it yeah we need
some food now get a drink now just
generally chill out now I feel like I
should that should be so
Tsang y'all should be sent outside I got
shrimp again but this time I got it with
pasta I have a thing about shrimp it's
one over in America because they are
just so big and juicy at a co here if
you ask the prawns in England they
either really expensive so guess what
guys were back in CVS is Sunday morning
I last day in Dallas I am sad but we
have popped in here to get some earplugs
for the flight because it's an overnight
flight I'm actually doing two overnight
flights in a row because I have to go to
Dubai with boohoo
tomorrow so it's really exciting but I
definitely need my sleep on that plane
so we're getting earplugs and hopefully
a face mask if I can find one and I also
found these which I'm super excited
about these are the Arizona iced tea
like water enhancers I'm always a bit
skeptical about these because I know a
lot of them have ausfahrt shame in them
I think they've just brought out like a
squash version of these in the UK but we
don't have these feisty ones and I just
think they're so cute for traveling and
just having your handbag and making
water taste better so I'm getting the
green tea peach with Jen Singh and honey
and the lemon iced tea one too so I'm
very very excited about it we have found
the giant trial size section this is
dangerous dangerous stuff look at the
mini lint roller I need one of those in
my life
we're checking out we have a lot of
luggage I mean it's just in the room
waiting for video to upload we've been
editing basically real phrase
this morning as we film lots of videos
here and we are getting ready to go on a
Texas experience excursion adventure
which is actually at the place where
they film the original Dallas it's a
ranch called Southfork wrong I'm excited
we will stick it again we will see we've
arrived Ron it looks like like buying an
event you throw the ban rockin it
we're gonna be native Nam a time
mostly which I left on the table cause
we just went to loo and yeah there's
lots of stuff to do in and there's Fuji
the salad bar is a little bit more
popular than the burgers maybe for like
the guys so we've got a proper southern
breakfast going on right now we've got
biscuit apparently this is gravy but
it's white
I don't know let's try it
tastes pretty good how to dislike white
sauce is definitely not retouch the
rainy so I think that could be a bit
sketchy the back display loud warning
amazing oh my god guys we've just come
in here and it's a scariest book I've
ever seen in my entire life
presumably this is a Texas Longhorn
maybe he's scary we may not be in here I
don't know whether those horses I don't
know like the barns and because
obviously I've grown up in the
countryside and I got a farm
it's so weird coming to an American rock
and seeing like how different everything
is and the house behind us is none of us
have ever wanna really say much for us
it's so hot and humid I can't even cope
with it I am very very hot right now
it's so cute in here there's some mowers
we go and see their little little parrot
it's so hot there's a little Shetland
pony down here we're gonna go and see
him and say hello hopefully he's more
friendly than the other horses the other
horse tried to bite me hey dude you look
like so well he's cute I love him it
he's all on his own don't horses hate
being on their own you need a chum
we're in the house and we snuck in the
secret door in the kitchen and there's a
dining room this is so weird
this is really bizarre it's so 80s right
now
this could they'd like to take but they
were in the horse business read and
write sport horses and it was a 200 acre
ranch originally okay and I had three
sons and Joe also was a hunk builder in
the area so he designed and physically
built this for his family
okay it was honey and the real people
went to you we're going upstairs look at
it guys I think she is probably the best
she has won an award for being a tour
guide apparently but her accent I just
you can still hear her I love it a
little bit I want to hear I talk all day
long and that view out the window
currently in the most bling-bling
bathroom in the whole world it looks
like a jungle they have separate toilets
and just in case you need to make an
approach or is it telephone in the
toilet we've got some murder going on up
in here there's blood and mass and this
is all about
we need like I think we should download
show him what you're not playing oh it's
because it's like shameful we're here
and we know nothing about the show looks
pretty gross I wonder how long that fake
blood is back 20 years but on our way to
the meter
it's friggin hot and ours today I've got
a nice TV and Esther day has lost her
voice yeah it's an emergency
yeah well almost lost it don't speak
don't speak conserve it conserve it
otherwise we might get in trouble okay
the lights about to go so let's go
and that across who smells amazing it's
you smells amazing
yeah so we're on our way to meet up I'm
nervous that no one's gonna be there and
also that I'm gonna be a sweaty
frizzy-haired mess because it is so hot
and humid but I will show you where
we're going we're approaching eyes and
we think we're in the right place
however we're not sure if there's anyone
that's actually here to see us or if
they're all just chillin in the park so
yeah it's gonna be kind of kind of
awkward what do we do just walk up
you're like oh hey here we are yeah we
can go this way let's go okay so some
people turned up they're really awesome
and I want you to say hi to them we just
finished our meetup but we've come and
sat down in restaurant because it went
on for a few hours and we were out in
the super super hot Sun it was so much
fun we were so many people there was so
many people where I was worried that
like no one would come and they brought
so many amazing cards and gifts and hot
sauce and Tabasco jelly beans and my
favorites of thing ever
how awesome is this guys I got an i
cowboy hat Dallas by heart dollars -
sure coolest thing ever I had the best
time everyone a dance is so friendly it
was honestly like amazing and one girl
drove for like three hours to come and
meet
and it was so fun and now we're gonna
get a drink
guess what I'm eating guys it's time to
shrimp again so we're in there for now
as you can tell take my makeup off have
put my snuggly clothes on and we are
ready to board our flight back to London
I am really tired than the girls are
exhausted too so it's it's gonna be
asleep asleep with flight I think our
seats are not very good but I'm at the
gate now so I'm gonna get on and I'm
going to end this vlog here I will see
you guys again very soon for a dip by
vlog so I'll see you guys bye morning
guys today I'm in the car with my mummy
she's dropping me off at Heathrow
because I am going to Dallas but were
super excited
I'm meeting
