good morning guys today I'm in the car
with my mummy she's dropping me off at
Heathrow cuz I am going to Dallas where
were super excited
I'm meeting Amelia and esday here don't
know where you can stop and she could
stop in this gap maybe he might get
annoyed Heathrow craziness we're going
to Dallas one who made it through
security they didn't arrest me and I
found FBI I'm Amelia do the way people
will do it and we just stopped for some
ten o'clock in the morning sushi
actually it was just me they sushi in
the morning because I'm weird like that
yeah so we're waiting for our flight and
a couple of people not getting flogging
right now staring at me like I'm a crazy
purpose we're on the plane right now
and I'm going to show you this is a Live
essentials Sara chef Chapman's Kinesis
overnight facial I thought this would
give the clean face white deodorants
dirty face way that I just use got this
stuff is the best stuff ever it smells
amazing perfume from Lipari this looks
pretty gross and some lip balm and
shantabai just skin and immediately she
prayed and I think si is going to show
it to us any more troubles yeah I don't
know how to talk to a couple of lip balm
and cream this is a really cool little
product it's a hand cream and hand
sanitizer I want it and some wire at
Meadowlands and some more concealer this
is like this origins doesn't helps you
calm down so I'm gonna have a little
sentiment you're a bad liar
no I like to just oh yeah then yeah and
some boy perfume Nick's ripped me off
you know standard standard this is what
it looks like how smoothly
actually about a nice day
Dallas hotel the good
how you carry our what you do well
technically I am really I'm talking to
have a hair only camera
get it yeah
we had just when I fly with Mike he like
does not
so I'm going like an antenna off I would
like and it's like okay
like I've had has been my eventful chat
what we're looking at right now that's
very organized
and sunny
here's Dallas guys from the highway
which looks like this we are stuck in
traffic right now and it's really helped
I'm like sweating a bit slow
we're nailing it in the drugstore right
now so first off is the sweet aisle
obviously obviously not clearly we went
to make up first
literally like alphabet strong after the
airport and now we're going to get food
because I am so hungry
I might start chewing on someone's arm
this is where we're going within a and
there's a bride I'm just going to really
quickly walk along the street I excited
speakers there's just the two of them
and they must be over the tops with them
with the car look at that comes with me
saying we're going to just like watch
them a little bit I think just like stop
them so it turns out we think they were
actually on a photo shoot and they had
an Ashley pop my reviews we've got a
little bit of exercise I'm like oh and
then there's like a fog refer and
they're just not really acting like
they're married so
yeah should we have a look at them out
the window there they are the car is
cool we are going to go locate it smells
great in here
smells amazing in here we are officially
in Texas right now it's food time guys
and the guy singing has given us a
little bit of a break for a few minutes
which is autumn and this is where we are
sitting right now
in central Dallas and it's so warm and
nice and loving a bit of sunshine I have
to be honest I am so sick like average
weather in England
it feels good feels good so I'm vlogging
in bed right now I'm actually going to
get out of bed and show you outside
because Dallas is freaking awesome it is
like going back into the 80s look at
this I officially love it it's the most
80s city at night but I've ever seen
it's just neon everywhere and flashing
and pinging it's just generally awesome
I'm gonna get back into bed and say good
night to you all because this is the end
of the first day of the Dallas adventure
I'm not entirely sure what I'm gonna do
with these vlogs but I'm gonna put them
in like maybe I'll do two vlogs from the
four days if that makes sense cuz I
think I don't know I don't think I'd
even explain to you guys why we're here
we're here for a conference which is
kind of exciting but it's gonna be lots
of like seminars and stuff which
obviously not gonna vlog about it's like
a blogging conference so hopefully to
improve my blog because to be honest
with you guys I am looks a bit lazy with
my blog I need to get more into a
routine and like learn how to optimize
and SEO and stuff like that so yes it
hopefully will be useful but not very
interesting for vlogging so we're gonna
like vlog around it I think an essay and
Amelia who are here as well hello can
you show everyone your nightshirt yeah
is that like too embarrassing or now it
says I must wake up I love it I
officially love it it's the best night
it's huge I love it I'm Amelia doing her
nails
Melissa polishes at worst it is the
worst but yeah so these guys are
vlogging as well so if you want to see
like a different version of our days
then go to check out their channels as
well which you guys should know by now
if you don't then you suck
yeah that's it's a night asking tomorrow
bye hey guys welcome today to in dollars
current maybe I'm just past 5 a.m. I'm
in lift this lift really stakes and I
woke up at like 3:05 this morning I was
kind of dozing until now I can't really
bad Jedi but I tie it now much can't
sleep so I was like I want to go to the
gym I'm like really make an effort lost
in a way to kind of keep fit because
it's really hard like to not be really
tasty fatty food on your way so I'm
going to the gym and yes I look and feel
like death okay so Jim done I'm feeling
like a sweaty hot mess right now but on
the plus side I've actually watching
some YouTube videos when I was on the
rowing machine I start off listening to
like heavy metal to like get me going
because it's 5:00 morning and I'm
running but then I was watching some
YouTube videos and I was watching my
friend Elle's video blog listens to
anyone and she was mentioned me and her
videos I always find that so weird when
you're actually watching was the one
video I watched this morning and she
mentioned me twice in it so hey L if you
watch this I'm feeling really really
sweaty right now so maybe she would want
to be watching this but I'm no that's
cool and hopefully they're going to be
awake now
although maybe not hate waking people up
when I stay in a room with them but I
hate it so that creep around like a
creepy creepy rooster when in America
now unhealthy food I love how we were
all like let's give a gravid X and ate
the hot sauce two years it's happening
right now I think we're gonna be a
little late so I eat this so when you
come away as people on trips you learn
interesting things about them Emilia for
example not only eats her cereal dry
strange child but she eats a banana with
a microphone this rolls her own way so
we're just taking a little break from
the conference esta is in a meeting so
Amelia and I are enjoying some ice cream
we're being very southern and yeah peach
iced tea which is tasty and for some
reason I don't drink iced tea when I'm
in it with water I'm like ha have some
iced tea it's great so yeah we're
sitting in this community in the hotel
there is a little shop which actually
looks an amazing hotel shop I don't
think I've seen such an interesting
hotel shop ever we just chill in by the
giant eyeball right now have you ever
seen anything quite like a giant eyeball
it's really quite unattractive I have to
say got like a red meaning it's quite
creepy but this has to go up there
this is Dallas it's an absolute
beautiful day so no storm today which is
awesome we are going to the ball and
surprise surprise a little bit of
shopping and maybe some lunch I'm so fun
and we're waiting for our uber which is
taken a while however you guys it's
major sushi time look at this this is a
pig casserole lobster roll
Amelia's got some sushi going on
yesterday's got like everything going on
love it
I cannot wait neither hands wanted to
just update you I've got a text
conversation going on right now with
Gary our uber driver so you sent me some
tips
Dallas how cool is that he he was like a
cool old dude born and raised in Dallas
giving us tips I'm just generally being
awesome so you'll never watch this Gary
but we really appreciated your tips and
it was nice bye Sephora time here's
a sneak peaks on something looking at
Estee has a little fast yet yeah
couldn't not come Sephora clearly then
it's the most disappointing let's stick
with the next category and this is the
Tom Ford let's color share which is like
funny but we're back in hotel room now
she didn't say we switched hotel rooms
because we couldn't get into the same
hotel culture but we have managed to
create like at like crazy havoc in this
hotel room within about two hours and we
are having a filming marathon right now
so we have a camera set up here
Amelia's eating M&Ms really I'm eating
snacking what oh I saw these Lucky
Charms with me oh yeah you were like oh
sorry guys already camera
and then we have this weird like frosted
glass bathroom where it has like sexy
time curtains that you can like you know
be sexy with has this little wardrobe
has the toilet with the plastic glass so
you can then check people out on the
toilet love it it's got a nice oval ER
area that's me hello and there the
shower looks amazing guys to be seen in
here it looks great it looks really
great the shower in the last tutorial
was not fantastic so I'm looking forward
to that we are now going to be filming a
drugstore - the essays Channel I'm
really excited about this because I love
this kind of video I got really
overexcited when you told me about it so
yes that is all the updates I have oh
and we're going to a party tonight so I
think I might do an outfit that and show
you guys why more because I'm gonna get
changed
because I feel a bit hot sweaty it's hot
in Dallas it's really hot but I love it
I love everyone here everyone in the
south is like yeah we keep talking about
that I want to be southern American I
just want to be here all the time and
experience the amazing southern y'all
the almond
everything is great you are so free but
when I want to waste the Cates made
party which is there I've never seen
such a large group of very dressed up
skinny good-looking girls in my life
this is what happens when you go to like
fashion blogger conferences apparent
they're like a different everybody is
like super beautiful
and we just feel like the bumbling
idiots basically well I do anyway you
guys looking considerably what you're
looking for don't be they have umbrellas
not a bad side and I might be a bad side
hey babe
I love fake bra we're even closer to the
giant creepy I will and this is what the
Kate Spade party is looking like right
now
very beautiful fascinating people and I
think we're gonna head
to get some food soon I am hungry
not many of these people need a lot of
food means to me
this is done
looking beautiful I see if you look up
bad you can see
cool of the hotels with paying a me
I'm like jacked out how cool is that
formal way to get food now we're in an
uber here is maxin relaxin in the lap of
luxury Calais so 80's glam rest I'm
wearing my bling-bling rose gold jacket
in honor of the 80s that is Dallas with
my rose gold nails and my rose gold bag
I've got just a bit overly bling today
but club
a little restaurant or cafe Pacific
which sounds very snazzy why does the
restaurant turns out like the most fancy
restaurant ever but it is like we have
snap back in time
it's awesome fish restaurant looks
something like this on the front facade
which is really awesome
we are currently eating whatever these
are are they good I think that like
sweet potato like really good look good
and we have some pickled everything I
love everything pickles that's good Brad
water holy shrimp crab shrimp so we're
his only move right now we've just got
back to the hotel room and there is no
pullout bed which there was meant to be
I'm gonna call it rehab I'm gonna get a
different angry yesterday I'm gonna call
it a night and this is the end of part
one of the Dallas vlog I was just asleep
in the car as they busted me see me like
this I work I'm just like you sleep like
me I was like what you mean last night
it's just like no just
anyway I will see you guys tomorrow bye
No
laughter that trip so
