good morning everybody it is currently
2:57 a.m. and we all the way to the
airport
I'm here with Lissy who is a very
hyperactive at this fine hour in the
morning and we are going into sorrento
in italy for a couple of days meal is
here in this car and then Jess and
Bailey have gone in the current well
they weren't in front to start but this
is car is not fast so far so we have
ended up behind and I just had to blow
him because Lissy has got feet Taylor
Swift you say for worry it's not fake
it's like illegally downloaded and it's
Taylor sound like a chipmunk okay I just
I can't deal with it I'm too much from a
severe ecosystem I have yeah we were
talking about list he was like guess
what I've got 52 Taylor Swift songs on
my iPhone as like me I've got 112 didn't
even release two hundred twelve songs
it's like every every live version okay
I sound really sat down and young
someone made us leave very very early
this morning because apparently
counselor for at this time a day at this
weekend Easter weekend is rammed screwed
me right now
there's no one here so basically we got
up at two for no reason
brilliant
we've arrived in Sorrento it's sunny but
cold babies here having love Jess is
behind me somewhere with with Lizzy as
well and yeah so far so good we are
going to find some food the drive here
was honestly so beautiful I was like
right in the back of the car to film it
so hopefully I'll get straight on the
scenery later we found some Tamar
survived just a small a small selection
can we get here a flavour coming up one
sweep of everything I can't even
describe my excitement here caramelize
fig kids away no flavor which I already
tried justice on it is amazing God and
toasted almonds Jess what did you get
mmm don't men know after eight Kinder
Bueno and white chocolate which is the
best probably the Kinder Bueno fails
Roche oh is it good Kinder Bueno
and then typical bacio which is like
just chocolate nacho of their sweets
right that's so good
Lizzy did you get the same as me can't
be me I didn't like programmer to me and
the granite and the almond I'm now all
together and it's fabulous
so this is the main square Sorrento
Bailey we're starting to consume how old
do you think how office to you doesn't
know about I be worried about babies
good yes this is an experimenter and
we're currently going to look at a big
chasm type thing that Lisi says is
amazing Gorge Gorge
it is apparently up here this actually
is really awesome but it's making for a
really bad blog it's basically just
black so I think we're going to come
back here in the daytime and show you
then tara misu time guys who come to
this really cute obvious lesson yes
sorry guys guys eating all film instead
we've had some nice pasta and now we
have turreted three of us out for two
more two and I got the best one yes so
today is Friday guys and we are getting
the train to Pompeii which are very
excited about Christmas rain it's a
pretty cool looking it's got graffiti it
looks like something out of a horror
movie if I'm honest but I think how long
is the train list like an hour to an
hour and a half we have lunch packed
though which is super exciting my dress
is the inside of the Train
these guys are ready with their plastic
bags with a king item yeah I'm going to
show you around okay we hope if we get
there if we ever get that so we've
arrived in Pompeii and we're now in the
forum this is been giving us a bit of a
history lesson especially what was at
the forum for the marketplace where you
sell slaves and other goods and also
people meet and have like little war
meetings or business meetings
transactions to be held and lessons guys
this is seriously the advantage of
coming away with a teacher in somewhere
like this because it's great she's full
of knowledge and yeah so this is what it
looks like right now and we are just
doing a little bit of a walking tour you
can see Mount Vesuvius in the background
there pretty incredible we're now on the
road like leading out of Pompeii to
Lissie we're going to the house of
mysteries yeah villa of the mysteries
and this road is where all of the tombs
were and apparently they used to put the
tombs on a selfie with the tombs
apparently they put the tombs on the
road out of town because they wanted the
spirits to stay out of the town which is
from teacher listing but um yeah this is
the tombs so we're in the house of
mysteries now this is the atrium there's
the hole in the ceiling where the rain
water used to come in according to the
see look at this guy
he is a loving life these are the
rooftops of Pompeii you can see lack of
rooftops they're off and you can see you
also motion coming up we can see
everything from above and obviously
there's excavated out Pompeii is
actually wait the girls are up there
because I just slowed down the Pompeii
is actually way bigger than I thought it
was gonna be and it's been really really
interesting it's we're currently in the
process quite busy in the battle so what
is this I bet they even still have fine
just how small and uncomfortable of
these beds they have mmm like give it
time Stoker's imagine imagine getting
you know busy on this bad place and it's
quite small but you can see on the wall
says lots of lovely pictures of people
getting jiggy with it that's such a nice
town there we go there's a lot of people
in the bottom as well popular even now
we're now in the theater was it was
between an amphitheatre at a theaters
that's the type of theater a fitness for
the finisher and I'm traditionally to
have games and stuff though so this is a
theatre here is it's pretty amazing very
22 picture of us you smile bales
why are you dance for those people
she doesn't know those people are right
behind and are laughing at her um so
we're hoping this tour guide is now
going to speak and hopefully the good
acoustics are gonna mean we can hear him
and get a free tour guide of the theater
and the trees are amazing
why don't you try Street in London in
London in England so it's day three in
Sorrento Lisi is a little bit excited
and cheery considering it's rainy
McLeod don't dye my zone guys we did not
pack for these conditions therefore I am
wearing pretty much the same outfit
every day I'm changing my top but I only
bought one pair of jeans and I actually
luckily I brought two jackets so I am
layering them up I've got a denim jacket
on underneath and then the leather
jacket on top and yeah so basically
we're all looking a little bit
mismatched aren't we we are a bit we're
shopping I bought like nice dresses and
some sandals and it is really cold much
colder than England not good but we're
going to get some breakfast now we were
going to go to cat for you today and
we're about to get run over to the Blue
Grotto but because the weather is not
like great we're thinking maybe not
because it involves getting a boat so we
will see we're going to assess the
situation over snacks we've eaten a lot
of pasta down and we're going on a hunt
to get to the ban arena and hoping that
there's gonna be some gelato yeah so we
can maybe get Kinder Bueno flavored she
lost again we're currently walking down
this little cute little what would you
call it an alleyway it was tiny Road and
jessebella way in front cos mail is here
too busy waddling at the back light
pasta we're going to go to Capri
tomorrow because of the weather and
because some of us may have woken up
late yeah wasn't me wasn't no no I was
awake at 7:30 these guys in makeup till
10:30 dude over up tubers do you jump
I'm like I didn't tell you about the
tubers basically it's Easter weekend in
the world not just here in Toronto so we
can everywhere if you celebrate said
event and in Sorrento they are obviously
it's quite a religious town and they
have a procession at 4 o'clock in the
morning presumably for sunrise on Good
Friday so yesterday we were woken up
outside of our house by procession like
all big band tubers like big foreign
morning we literally did not know what
oh my welcome trap this
was I I'm scared I'm scared enormous
dude and then the procession was
followed by people in gowns which looks
slightly like the Ku Klux Klan but black
yeah they had pointed yeah they're older
apparently but they had pointed hoods
and they were like chanting and this at
four o'clock in the morning when you're
in a strange city and it was just quite
scary very moving and I'm sure like
you're amazing it was just quite scary
it was the thing about Andrea like four
girls in in an apartment by ourselves
feel like oh my God we're gonna die but
we didn't die it was all fine and and
yeah okay good true story
we found the marina with all the little
ships
yes it just said something quite rude
I'll cut that out and we're gonna go
down there and see if we can find some
ice cream so hi guys hi
that we're M god I'm just so tired I saw
where the old marina grande let's get my
hair this is on my hair um where this is
Bailey Jess unless EDA force forces is
what I see this is why we blog because
we're really gonna say really no no so
we're actually getting really not about
the fact that flowers getting ocean
squirrel from the street and we're not
and we'd like to also point our you're
equally as famous like we're celebrities
in our own right you're not own right
and also look how fit it is guys what's
that smell okay suggest what's been the
highlight your surrender to it um my
highlights been all the food that we've
eaten feeding some really nice meals
been I've been the highlight of your
trip mine was when I'm flooded a massive
food no no really
she doesn't see other um nine was going
to Pompeii seeing the ruins I'm really
conscious Bailey it was missing you bath
your Papa John Bailey my favorite parts
Scalia same as you Jess all the yummy
food
food and conversation and the wine was
first yeah my favorite part is being
here with all of you is this not one of
the creepiest things you've ever seen in
your life my creepy I'm actually scared
this I'm not going there huh
so we've come back to show you the gorge
in the daytime that we were here the
other night
and it's actually amazing it looks like
it should be in Lord of the Rings as a
little drainage system I think you must
have used to have been able to walk down
there yeah that's very cool very cool
guys are here looking at it
and here's like the main square up there
its food time guys how much these vlogs
where we are but when most amazing it's
like this is through plastic
it's like garden place these guys are
started eating ready but you know oh my
god this lighting is very flattering
delicious y'all look very beautiful
right now guys what I usually wear is
usually look awful that's why you take
naki spinach sake with some smoked hot
smoked salmon a creamy sauce delicious
nice rib
oh yeah fales lemon ravioli brought two
new mushrooms and color finishes don't
rush the Kuroshio is missing
um mine is at capacity ravioli and it's
got really nice precaution inside it's
got no meat in it which I'm pretty proud
of myself for this is normally a big
meat eater yeah it's delicious
it's actually really lush and I actually
meant to order the pasta with swordfish
but my bad Italian meant that I just got
rich but it looks really delicious so
it's all good and this is my sauce and I
feel really healthy now because there's
no pasta with it but I might have it put
egg me where you get changed officer I'm
just gonna get pudding afterwards I
think I think it's good idea so I just
finished eating some fish and then just
when I had finished eating it they
brought me one of the actual pipe it was
meant to ride and so now we're all
having to take one for the team whilst
we're really full I need a little bit
better super super nice and then feeling
a little bit better so today is our
final day in Sorrento and we are off to
Capri and we are running potentially a
little bit late for the boat clearly
down these steps here jessebella Lake
and it's actually sunny which excites me
greatly and it looks really cool
actually and for you guys very pretty
and we're going on a boat I don't really
like those very much they get their
nervous but don't tell anyone happy good
yes she has a good but there was it was
touch-and-go for millinery you can see
where we come back there in mainland
looking a beautiful so far look how
beautiful it look that swim yeah jump
off the side bail yeah no my hair is
feeling a little bit disheveled after
that trip but it's so beautiful I can
see
a water-cooled
well I know that one ready turn it when
it's like frozen lemonade Caffrey is
officially the steepest more playsets no
it's actually not too bad but we are
getting a bit of a workout walking up
here the other person increase that
island I haven't been there but donkey
island anyone else mr. donkey Island let
us know um I don't know where we're
going but everyone seems to be going up
here so must be something good an end
the way to do it capri central ahaha
you're pretty we get drink at the end
yeah I know yeah
Glen meter it's the best thing ever many
vineyards guys iris where these are like
in people's back gardens that's so cool
and lemon most bleep selfie run to the
lemon fifteen minutes later
everybody has stripped off significantly
and we're still going it's like a proper
workout guys you think we're really
going up to the top yeah oh my goodness
it's so hot we made it
- the granita is a good list have tried
mine yeah it looks amazing I'm wearing
this it's very beautiful
we've had to stop for an essential food
break again well it is lunchtime but
look at least about is actually amazing
I got clam pasta so digest this you got
a fried plate of seafood loving it and
there's seaside in the background
general he is amazing I wouldn't say
ever ever downhill is definitely better
when it comes to Capri I have to say I
have the little thing around my wrist
hang on a sec me and Lisi are on our
lonesome now we've deposit although I
think we might see them later we're
getting a slightly earlier ferry so we
can go back to the flat and get our
stuff together but it's all really trip
to because we are going back to my only
guys are staying for another two days so
yes on my way my god Capri is so
beautiful so it's so great you're here
habit is actually a good if you guys
ever come to Sorrento like definitely
take the day trip to Capri because it is
just stunning and I have to say a lot of
is to do with the fact that together
today's weather
it's been amazing um but I didn't get in
his beautiful yeah crossing and we
didn't get a chance against the blue
Dragic and apparently the tides too high
so you can tree get into it you can only
get into it at certain times so you
never know me maybe one day we'll come
back next time and we can go to the
Bluebird also probably not but I hope so
I really hope so cuz it is beautiful and
rather expensive as well I have to say
our lunch was like quite present but it
was lovely so lovely last meal this is
the view right now it's all good that's
salutely loving it Lisi and I are back
in the flat now and before we go I
thought we would do a apartment tour for
you all and the apartment were in
Sorrento is actually it's quite old like
dated inside but there is a feature at
the ends rather special I'm going to
show you so this is the front door you
walk in oh we do have the hallway down
here as well which smells a bit gross
but it looks cute doesn't it so you walk
in the front door
and you are greeted with a beautiful
dining table and as you can see there is
a rather nice view outside but I'm gonna
wait to show you that and there's a
teeny tiny kitchen here as you see we
have dirty dishes haven't been using
this because we've been eating out and
it is also time you guys like a
microwave in there there is also another
bedroom in there that is locked
presumably like the owner keeps that for
a private but it's quite great because
there's also a big head up there as well
that's the creepy end of the apartment
but then if you go the only thing is in
here as well as there are mirrors
absolutely everywhere and it is creepy
so in here is the other girls Jess and
Bailey's room and then there's a
bathroom which is quite messy because
there's been four girls staying here um
nice Brown toilet and bidet ah and then
in our room Ulysse oh the cupboard sorry
Trevor only cupboard and here is the
cupboard which is like a walk-in
wardrobe which is actually quite snazzy
but you actually listen you've been
using this haven't you and and then
there's this weird outdoor shower kind
of area which is not an outdoor shower
it's just like a area to have a window
but there's no real reason for it is
quite old and then in here it's our
bedroom which is normally meant to be
the sitting room as you can see we are
packing so there's stuff all over the
place it's quite cool in here and it's
it's very light and now I'm going to
show you the very special piece de
resistance of this flat okay so this is
the side view and you come out here and
there is a massive roof terrace or
technically lot roof terrace just a
terrace that looks out right onto the
sea the chairs are all over the place
here and you know what has been a real
shame is that it hasn't actually been
very nice weather until today and you
have a view of Mount Vesuvius right
there it's a pretty epic view so I have
to say waking up to this every morning
has been incredible but today is
especially amazing because it's
SuperDuper sunny I think that's probably
gonna be it from my utility blog this
vlog is probably gonna be really long
time
but I will see what happens when it
comes to editing I'm going to leave you
with this beautiful view and the Sun in
my eyes and I can't see but I will see
you guys again very soon bye bye bye
Vesuvius but
