oMG you guys what is going on our
bathroom has been ripped apart looks
traumatic but actually it's awesome
because we are redoing my bathroom I'm
so excited I didn't think we'd get the
chance to do this until like next year
but we do and I'm so excited Mike and I
spent the last well yesterday evening
ripping out the bathroom and it was so
much fun we're like pulling up all the
carpet taking all the units apart
lighting the shower off and we have a
little problem is there no hot water in
the other bathroom we have a grumpy
divorce right here we today by the way
I'm in such a like good hyper mood
today's vlog or this weekend I'm going
to do a weekend vlog so I'm gonna do
Friday Saturday and a little bit of
Sunday and then hopefully get it up on
Sunday night if I can if not probably on
Monday but welcome this is our bathroom
yes yes yes and this is my bath and this
is the kitchens getting ripped out well
I nearly fell out the bath and basically
this is the butter and it's really comfy
it is actually genuinely really comfy
because the back comes up high but it is
teeny tiny it's just big enough for me
and my small legs but mike has to sit
like this because previously we had a
bath and shower together and we're
having a separate shower so there's
gonna be a lot of work we've got to find
find a wallpaper stripper we're gonna
strip all in this orange you see this
orange is actually happy we have a mess
I'll help if you don't with Sunday I'm
going to hen do tomorrow because we're
busy
uh-oh you might have to do it then I did
help with ripping oh yes
they found the live wire
the shower a little bit dodgy but anyway
because all of this orange stuff is
paint but they painted it on top of
wallpaper and obviously the walls on our
mess up after stripping all the tiles
off we've got to strip all the wallpaper
off before replastering and then the
plumbers coming back on Monday to like
put all the pipes in probably to plumb
to do the plumbing stuff there is so
much exciting house stuff happening I
cannot contain my excitement this room
is so much bigger now it doesn't have
all of the stuff in it and we're gonna
paint it white or like off-white and
maybe slightly gray mike tells me off
because I want everything crating the
whole house is gray but I just oh my
goodness I'm so excited like honestly I
love the bathroom and having both so
much it's like my little sanctuary
anyway I'll shut up now bye goodbye you
know keep setting up
having a super nineties moment this just
came on on shuffle freaking love it
so we're in home base looking for a
wallpaper strip and then I can only find
wallpaper wallpaper paste not sure if
they sell like the steamers we might
have to borrow one from a decorator or
get it we don't want to get a decorator
to do it you know we should ask I don't
know a Mike Scott he's disappeared
useless nobody likes a smartass where
did you find that it wasn't wit some
wallpaper that's official tool to find
it look what I found
I found painted guess what karo on kind
of white gray do you like that one yeah
you know that's why you're
around with all these great paints then
less time you get to okay so nice I like
this one yes I happen to be great it's
perfect
Easter well it's not bad gray it's great
it's kind of great this car park smells
like burgers and I'm so hungry it smells
so good I can actually eat the air but I
can't work out why I smell so burgers
because there's not an restaurant or a
burger man anywhere but it just smells
like burgers much chicken legend meal
please with mayo water please and then
what do you can I have a quarter pounder
with cheese meal please just a regular
one please can I have a diet coke please
so we stopped for the naughtiest of
dinners because we had to go and upload
some videos from my sister's place and
we're gonna be late for the cinema
because we're going to the cinema
tonight so it stopped at McDonald's oh
three barbecue sauces because I am the
barbecue sauce Queen I'd get my Jack
she's kind of Noah and I have to say I
was really quite disappointed we should
have gone to see Avengers to America
yeah I was like so confused by that film
because it was oh like okay and verging
on really good at some point and then
some parts we're just so bad and I'm not
gonna spoil it for anyone who wants to
go to see it or whatever but I
personally didn't think it was very good
and I mean there's been a lot of
controversy around it as well and I just
thought I don't think there's any need
for the conference I don't yeah
different tonight you know yeah and it
is also actually quite a like
blockbuster II films well it's not but
yeah I was really disappointed I thought
it's gonna be at least kind of oh it's
so cold in this cassis on that I want to
yes please thank you it's currently 7
a.m. on Saturday and I'm not gonna show
you my face cuz this isn't a horror
movie I've woken up I don't know why I'm
even awake but I'm making a green juice
for breakfast because after last night
I'm feeling that really unhealthy so I
thought this can help kick it I've got
probably not I've got some kale some
broccolis mine cucumber Apple fennel
I've never had fennel in juice before
I'm liking it to eat at the moment my
love fennel but I don't know if it'll
taste good and juice we'll find out
celery ginger there it is guys I'm
thinking I need to get any juicer
because this one is a little bit
temperamental I bought it for like 25
pounds from Argos thinking I may need to
invest in a better one
I still haven't put the kale in so it's
kind of like green right now I think I
hope it of an apple blockage uh there it
is guys it's actually really good I had
to add a little bit of stevia though
because it wasn't very sweet because it
was only the Apple in there that was
sweet but it's good and spicy because of
the ginger apparently on my way to the
train station because I'm going to
London today because I've got a hen due
to go to which is super exciting I
haven't been to a hen do since my own
hen do so I'm excited it's my friend
Anna I'm probably not going to vlog
tonight because there's no two people I
don't know and that would be major York
one
so my Hanna's now and I spent the last
and you have you got it does it help
having your goggles on upside down does
it when you go faster they make you go
slowly red turn them around then I've
spent the last couple of hours playing
with speed who has been thoroughly
entertaining and me and Han are now
heading out to a hen do so this may be
the last time you see us today but I'm
gonna do an outfit of the day this is
not this is compulsory for Hannah what
are you wearing cool I wanted to show
everyone Dorrit oh yeah with a really
horrible top underneath you've already
told me awful no and some All Saints no
the trousers yeah and My Fair right then
variola boots the Bouton's
hello I'm stupid you look very spangly
and hair I gave her a little bit more
beige gray I like this it's so good it's
so good but it's a expense yeah expense
and I'm wearing I'll take the mirror so
you see what you see I feel like I put
this on Instagram this morning and I got
so many comments saying you wear them so
much I actually don't I probably worn
this like three times but I've logged
every time I worn it so it looks like I
don't stop wearing it I do wash my
clothes I do occasionally wear different
eyes I just live in it
so I'm wearing my sour jacket as usual
my Zara necklace as usual I freaking
love this necklace it's so sparkly Luca
also loves it she's been playing with it
alright and then I have on my Topshop
play suit I have a llegar belt some
tights because it is cold still and my
dragon bone boots of course and then I
have my Zara studded clutch bag and
hands taking this little number which is
also how do we have this hand really
long time 10 years still Balenciaga
isn't it cute its mini anyone yeah so we
are off now and it's such a nice day in
London well it's a bit cloudy now but it
was hot I gotta hurry make it on the
trampoline spike and I just taking shoes
off what are you doing speak Benny he's
got he's got his his goggles round his
legs you taking him off
it's not that kind of videos be he's
wearing green cords and what's your top
motorbikes born to what a race born to
race so it isn't actually Sunday and it
isn't Saturday it's now Monday
this weekend bloke has turned into a
long weekend vlog and you may wonder
what this is I wonder - I have no idea
so while I was gone Mike's decided that
instead of just doing the bathroom we're
gonna knock out the kitchen as well go
cray I look pretty bad mad scientist me
too go ahead
so today Mike and I have been literally
clearing everything out of the kitchen I
don't know if you guys have noticed for
our kitchen looks like this
so those windows don't actually go
outside they go into another room so
it's quite dark so what we're doing is
knocking out some walnuts because next
to our kitchen I look totally mental we
have another kitchen which looks like
this the lighting is my studio lighting
at the moment because the electricity in
there is off so I'm cleaning out all of
these covers at the moment the stuff on
the floor is like the last stuff to come
out so we're nearly done and today if I
move
like I've been clearing all this out
which was our old pantry which as you
can see has shelves on the wall Mike's
been taking the shelves off he stops to
do a bit of work but oh I'm going to
show them in a minute so basically this
is happening this week which is so
exciting we aren't like putting a new
kitchen or anything and we're just
knocking these walls out and obviously
we're gonna have to redo the floor
because all three of these rooms have
different floor so it's really exciting
it's something we wanted to do like as
soon as we moved in we were like that's
like a big project we really really want
to do so phase one is gonna be knocking
through and then phase two I think we're
probably going to paint the units cuz at
the moment they're like bare wood so we
want to paint them so it just lightens
up the room even more so that's what
we're doing on our Monday night head so
look freaking crazy and I'm going to
show you what's happened upstairs in the
bathroom because Mike is very proud of
himself so the cat is in the bathroom
thinking what on earth is going on I'm
hoping I'm gonna shut the door so she
can't run floorboards and stuff this is
what the bathroom looks like now so the
other day it was orange Mike stripped
all of the wallpaper off on Saturday
night and it looks amazing
well not amazing yet the plum has been
here today as you can see there are like
holes all in the floorboards and
everything so he's hopefully gonna come
back and finish tomorrow his always a
kit and then we have we hopefully have
to resurface the walls before with paint
and stuff as you can see we also have
some new lights that in today the
electrician came as well and these are
like LED lights so they're super duper
bright and like super I don't even know
why I showed you that they're super
economical to run before we had one
light in the corner there and then we
had in the big vanity thing we had like
a few lights in there as well so it was
super dark in here as almost being as
well as being Tara
to college so yes at the moment this is
what our revelry bathroom looks like and
in our bedroom we have the bath and a
toilet we have our bath in our bedroom
we have the vanity like sink cabinet and
there's a toilet over there obviously
it's a new toilet we also have a light
because the lights in there weren't
working yesterday so all in all the
house is pretty freakin cray
but it's all good and I cannot wait to
show you guys at the finished result
because it's just been like this month
who just had builders and decorators and
stuff in a lot which is so exciting
because we've been here for almost a
year now and it's been like we really
what we would love to redecorate or redo
the whole house because none of it is
really to our taste but it's gonna be
like a long process so it's amazing to
actually be getting stuff done is so
exciting and my office slash filming
room is almost done it just we're
getting the floor changed in there cuz
at the moment it's green carpet and then
so that would be the first one done and
I'm definitely gonna do some more like
house related videos tell me if you guys
like this or if you would want to see
like a before and after so like
talk-through video or something like
that I don't know let me know if you
like that kind of thing in the comments
below and I will do some when they're
finished I'm so excited I think I'm most
excited about the bathroom because that
is like a complete change like totally
gutted and redone so yes those it for a
weekend vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
this crazy like four day vlog I'm
apologize for looking like a crazy
person and I will see you again very
soon
Sunday you know what today's Sunday
