hey guys today is Sunday it's Sunday
do you know what today is Sunday about
Mother's Day Sunday so you can mother
your mother your mother your mother
beeping mother's mic is here oh yes he
is today Mike and I are going to London
which we should really be doing some of
our mums will do that tonight instead we
are going to the divergent premiere I am
super duper excited because I am a
massive fan of the divergent books as
you guys know I've done like till it
bumpy it's my traveling a little bit
faster surprise surprise we're a little
bit late slow down yeah so safety first
so today we are headed down to the
premiere in London and I am excited mike
is not excited excited I have no idea
I'm basically not into any train there's
not another thing because I know it's
gonna be full of teenage tanks I was
gonna get very stressed it was kind of
vampire slash hunger the dogs there's
like a million dogs on I don't look at
this can you see them can you see them
the dogs dogs wait forever oh she's no
she's not like me
so squeezing trigger going back and
we're dropping them off at my parents
before we go because otherwise there'd
be no melee all afternoon and it's an
afternoon premiere as well it's at 3
o'clock so it's currently 6 minutes past
12:00 and we have to be there about 2:30
I think
yeah it's gonna be a little bit tight do
like things time just as long as there's
no traffic getting across London we
should be able to do it I reckon I
raccoon anyway we'll see you
everyone loves raccoons I'll do it a lot
for today if I can as well um might be a
bit crease from sitting in the car but
we'll see I reached out for the priest
outfit so we've made it to London but
we're encountering a traffic problem
there is a lot of traffic we are
currently not late but oh wait okay Mike
is going we're currently actually not
late I think we're still gonna make it
and there's now 138 so we as long as we
make it so Leicester Square for 2:30 I
think we're fine
no pressure it normally takes like five
minutes to get from here and then we're
gonna park at the tube station to get
the tube in we were gonna get a taxi but
we thought we might miss if we no taxi
so that is the situation and we forgot
to eat any lunch so now we're hungry and
we don't have time to get lunch so we're
hoping you can buy popcorn oh snap chest
actually wait before that you we are
pretty sure we're gonna make it which
was pretty sure
through the mouth of the day
right now I want to introduce some of
the people that were involved in this
movie I'm going to introduce them in
alphabetical order by their first names
everybody so first of all been Louis
next kate winslet shailene woodley the
OG
and and we're all really here because
somebody wrote a book and her name is
Veronica Roth so many people for pumping
and I hope you really enjoy the film
we really had a fun time making it my
even said acceptable we didn't vlog on
the way in because we had like absolute
patience kids scurrying pigeons we had
like absolute pandemonium so you can see
behind me there take me all found out
where they had like a fan experience in
the center of Leicester Square and it
was rammed there was like thousands of
people so it was kind of stressful
getting in but it was awesome now we are
going to find some food because we
haven't eaten anything that's breakfast
I'm just trying to eat my Hannah no I'm
taking Mike to my new favorite
restaurant which is robe Jackson right
in so which is just up here but it's
honestly the best they do the best
shrimp roll ever which I'm gonna have
and I'm gonna eat all in it because I'm
so hungry ID Oliver anyway probably to
be honest but I thought the film was
really good I actually I always get a
bit nervous when I go and see book kind
of adaptations film adaptations of books
because it's difficult to know whether
they're actually gonna like live up to
your imagination and stuff but it was
really good I really really enjoyed it
and it was quite huge in the moment
I was trying not to cry I'm a I'm
actually like a big softy
Mike put light in films and I cry every
difference moments if there's any dogs I
guarantee there weren't any died in this
is a green juice which it's not my
favorite green juice it has avocado and
then it makes me kinda like a smoothie
instead of a juice it's still
oMG the best burger in the world is a
burger made a promise an actual burger
made and then you make it even better by
putting hot sauce all around so we've
stopped for a little bit of pudding I
went for the healthy portion the healthy
option for the unhealthy portion I got
talked into having a larger one I always
fall for these things you know and
they're like oh you can have a larger
size for just ten be more like okay I'm
not gonna lie
English frozen yogurt tastes like ass oh
really I'll eat yours as well then what
do you get chocolate shock thanks for
rubbish oh please everyone I just see
hasn't said I'll eat both of them
someone's rather unimpressed today
yogurt where are you putting it is it L
ello guys with by the canal how pretty
is that what have you got there I say
apparently you wanted to keep this to
keep the novelty spoon I need to find a
bin for this okay well I come around
here so we're gonna go find our car and
then we need to establish whether or not
we can drive to my sister's because I
don't think she's back yet
I left my Mother's Day present well
quick quick quick don't get run over
I left my Mother's Day present at my
sister's house and now we don't have a
key so it's a bit of an issue really my
Mother's Day present from my mother I
didn't well you know a present for your
mother is in the car for the card isn't
and it's used me but I bought the
present get on with it
we'll have none of that complaining
about my present buying services yes you
never buy any present I won loads of
presents only for me have my straw any
present since we've been together
this is almost 7 years have you want any
presents for anyone I can think of a
lawnmower that I bought myself friend
not presents for yourself and for me
don't count
are they do you remember any other
presents we bought for anyone I bought a
card for a friend yesterday
whatever I was with you and I had to
remind you to do it huh it's it's
outrageous I bought that I picked it you
are a rascal that's super cool
I want a garish like that anyway it's
super nice and it's actually quite
chilly but it is very beautiful today's
been a rather beautiful day and now
we're going home via my sisters maybe if
we can get a key to see our mothers
because we have neglected the mothers in
favor of film watching mothering
something on Mothering Sunday but there
are still as a few hours of Mothering
Sunday left and apparently I was
tweeting today apparently Mother's Day
isn't the same in the States and I gave
some people a mild heart attack by
suggesting that it was murder she live
in England I know um and people like oh
my god it's Mother's Day have a goin
mother present and then they were like
oh wait what are they doing why don't I
just have British Mother's Day we did
you've got a holic British Mother's Day
well that would just be confusing
wouldn't it have a British mother vented
they really call you why are they no
bins to put this in my ate all of mine
Mike threw his away what happened here
look at the paint
it's a wiggly paint lying all on the
floor anyway how is that has that been
there for ages right someone was being a
bit stupid when they were doing that
clearly right without the car now I'll
see you later go back but back home to
our humongously messy kitchen can I have
some push that apple juice Oh some milk
check you out
can you do my outfit today oh I should
alter your outfit of the day come in
full outfit on oh I just Mike's
outfitted a black shirt from j.crew yep
belt from Ralph Lauren
skilling these days might divorce
Blackie's all see very slight genes from
several my client for them and she's
from churches no Cheney yeah what about
what what else economy a jacket j.crew
wishes tweet what what am I worried part
from my makeups probably not so I just
been asleep in the car
you're wearing your in hair yeah that's
quite hair like yeah yeah you're wearing
a jacket there's quite leather like you
know it's came from you bought this for
me is about six years ago yes yes a long
time ago I'm guessing was it like
Topshop Zara clothes necklace from
somewhere Zara Zara playsuit Zara no
this is actually from Miss Selfridge I'm
a selfish fan my little boots which are
never may sauce I try to reorder them
and they're not as good rubbish a sauce
how come I've never bought it the always
open because you never find or anything
from a sauce is it causation is like a
sauce I eat your rubbish right I'm going
out I will see all my office I'll see
y'all tomorrow Mike's gonna drink his
apple juice I'm gonna drink some too
don't bring our cars and you broke
