hey guys so I have a very very exciting
vogue for you all today is currently
about half plus 3 and I have half an
hour to pack for the entire week because
tonight I'm going to London to watch
head share and play I'm so so excited
I'm such a massive a chair and fan and
the body shop actually invited me along
to this kit which is part of the Teenage
Cancer Trust gigs so I don't know if you
guys know anything about the Teenage
Cancer Trust gigs but every year and
they organize a week-long kind of series
of concerts at the royal albert hall all
in aid of the Teenage Cancer Trust and
the body shop with the sponsors so
they've invited me along as part of
their self-esteem promotion which is all
about having an animal Mike's key which
is all about improving your self-esteem
and obviously supporting the Teenage
Cancer Trust which is an amazing amazing
cause and I'm gonna put a link below
where you guys can donate because it
really is a great charity and you should
donate a mate so today i'm waffling i'm
going to see a jirin but i am staying in
London like the whole of this week
because I have some meetings tomorrow
and then I'm going to Berlin on
Wednesday overnight which I'm really
excited about as well to know than to
Berlin before so I'm going to take you
guys along with me today and we will
have some fun at edge here and I'm
actually taking along Mike who's
currently moving tiles into our bathroom
should we go and see what he's doing
we're having our bathroom redone which
I'm so excited about and the tiles that
have just arrived look a little
something like this which is kind of
happening see underneath here they are
polished white marble hair exciting
anyway you guys probably honest it in
that so I'm taking Mike along with me
the tile man here and I'm also taking my
little cousin Luke and his friend Jacob
I say little cousin he is 16 but he's
about foot and half taller than me so
he's not really little anyway how are
you feeling today Mike you feel about
your head here i have used tiles new
tongue
um tiles are heavy gee whiz we're no
longer you're gonna have a terracotta
bathroom but what if I liked it maybe if
I just paint the bathroom terracotta
still and you just do the rest of it no
we're getting rid of the terracotta like
the terracotta going white or gray you
suck everything's great anyway so
packing wise I basically at the moment
have just a pile of clothes on the floor
and I'm going to try and get five
outfits together and get packed yes so
that is about it Oh an outfit of the day
as well I have actually done a get ready
with me video and which to be honest
it's probably better than this because
it doesn't have the pile of clothes on
the floor but um this place ooh I
actually really like because it fits me
really well it is from boohoo and my
necklace is also from boohoo actually
funnily enough which is weird because
normally i'm gonna wear a mixture of
stuff and then i have tights on i'm
gonna wear my little rag and bone boots
which are there and then that is my
outfit of the day and obviously i'm
gonna wear a coat because it's freaking
freezing even though it's spring on the
sun is shining it's so cold right I'm
gonna pack now okay so I'm just showing
you guys how I pack this is like my
process of packing I put together
outfits on the floor and then like see
how they all look together so I've got
Tuesday's outfit for tomorrow then I've
got wednesdays for traveling Wednesday
night going out for dinner and thursday
to come home I think that makes sense
and then I'm gonna pack one spare just
in case you know something happens that
sounds really dodgy just in case i
spilled ketchup all over me or something
like that right i would go and pick up
the boys now i am in such a hurry and
I'm so late all the time I'm just like
all the freaking time and it kills me oh
look at the tier kids oh yeah edsheeran
and special guests which i think is
passenger which is super exciting
although do you know any other passenger
songs apartment that one song ya know oh
well it will be an educational education
how delightful you excited I am quite
set it up I really am fine clear to
consider constant since your last
concert you have intercourse essence
Hammerson no well I've been 22 Taylor
Swift com
since then haha i think i need it i
think i need to book some francis that I
wanna see ya how come you need to book
them there I bought one that's a glass
head cheering we made it to london and
we're now having a nice intimate
romantic meal like nine apart from the
fact that loot my cousin nice much
better i got casa with bronze an
asparagus my car burger and possibly the
best chips in the world actually in the
world so we're eating this too quick and
then we're heading over to the royal
albert hall which is frowned upon here
it is the Royal alcohol it's pretty good
looking and there is Albert himself
sitting on his throne and I'm trying not
to trip over also trying not to get run
over and we need to find all six
Oh
now say if this is one man who kept his
word and that means an awful lot to us
because this is not easy to do these
seven nights that one week of one year
every year is our 14th year we're very
happy to sign in that time we've now got
29 hospital wards for the you teenagers
to go on our way to 32 and then we've
got the outpatients and then we're going
to look after the appearance and we're
going to go on until you teenagers get
recognizers be very different from
children and extremely different an old
farts like me and even getting on their
way over the fast like this one minus L
a big hand
you
town breaking a new sound and show
everybody please repeat off the man's
against as you can here we go sing hell
yeah dude be louder than that signal
yeah
moving truck
the owner is
get it okay nice one
so I just got back to my sister's house
I don't have to be really quiet cuz
everyones asleep but I've got a little
friend here this is my sister's dog
Charlie um and he's decided he's going
to sleep downstairs with me feel like he
only sleeps up all my sister's bedroom
floor so and the big old bear is curled
up next to me I had the best night I
honestly think and Sharons probably one
of the most talented people I've ever
seen play live it was just amazing and
really perfect for a Teenage Cancer
Trust key because I think the music was
just so moving and I just yeah there are
any words to kind of say how awful
cancerous and the fact that it touches
kids and teenagers is just yeah you
can't really explain it can you really
but it was an amazing night and I think
lots of money was raised which is always
a good thing and yeah I had a great time
if you guys want to donate I'm gonna put
all the links below to where you can
donate for the Teenage Cancer Trust and
also for my cousin Luke who is currently
fundraising his friend that you saw Iran
Jacob actually is suffering from pants
at the moment and they Luke and all his
friends shaved all the hair off to
support him so they're also fundraising
and if anyone would like to donate to
them that would be amazing and it's just
amazing to see big companies like the
body shop as well getting involved with
such awesome charity events so yeah that
is it for tonight guys I will see you
again very soon I'm not sure what my
next log is going to be about you never
know on this channel but I hope you guys
subscribe if you want to see more and i
will see you next time bye and choppy
said bye bye Joe be
