hey guys so today I'm outside in the
glorious sunshine yes it is sunny in
England for the first time in like three
months and it's freaking awesome I've
got my sunglasses on in case you
couldn't tell
case they're not big enough for you and
today I'm going on a road trip with Mike
who's here acting creepy standing next
to me but off-camera and before we go I
wanted to do an outfit of the day
so mr. Mike divorce because you hold my
camera please Michele today today I am
wearing my hair which I grew myself it's
a bit like messy because it's quite
windy out here away my Chanel sunglasses
hello they're quite large and then I
have on this floaty from Kirsten Ashe
this one is from my own shop and then I
have a little root and then I have on
these jeans which are from forever 21
and I freaking love them I love forever
21 Jesus but they always go baggy at the
knee after wearing them for hours and
she's quite annoying and then I have on
my rag-and-bone booties I also have some
flats in the car in case my feet hurt
and my nail polish is really chapped and
gross but it's like the lilac color I'm
just gonna do that so you don't kind of
get to see all the chip adidas and
that's it for my outfit today what are
you wearing Mike Fossum and you're gonna
do the commentary or shall I do the
commentary if you want to good today
Mike divorce is wearing its oakley's
these are the oakley holbrook version
they are the tortoiseshell ones and I
think they make him look rather handsome
he is then wearing this t-shirt which we
bought in Bangkok which has a
hand-painted Spitfire it's not a
Spitfire his bracelets which he calls
bangles can everything I'm like in the
comments alone they are bracelet not
fangled thank you and for his watch and
he's got his jeans on look at was my was
your shadow this bad when you were
filming
the camera out and then you're wearing
number of artists John Varvatos which is
white America all in all you look rather
gorgeous anyway today we are going on a
romantic I have serious serious hair
stuck in my lipstick
we're going on a romantical road trip
basically Citroen have lent us a car for
the day
there is looks pretty shiny and you
might think that's really odd and when
they emailed me I was like that's quite
weird yeah but they're doing
collaboration with benefit makeup and
they've designed two different like
limited-edition colorway types style
things this is inspired by the benefit
mascara and it's called the D style and
we have it for the gear and we spin Mike
is annoyed though because I forgot to
register him to be able to drive it so
I've got a drive I'm taking you on a
romantical road trip and you don't even
know where we go it's normally the road
trip I can't even do that bit I like the
driving let's go let's go let's go just
so you know there's a speak coming out
it makes you're not speeding
I was gonna say concentration aging
lanes I'm just changing lanes at this
nasty Namba he goes away we got in the
car and one direction we play and I
turned up really loud son of our bike
hated it and I just think you don't want
to sign that today is gonna be a
freaking good day and our first stop on
the NASA road trip is Woodstock now I've
logged in Woodstock for some of my
American friends but mike has never been
there and is one of the cutest most
amazing villages like ever
when I booked him for a spot of lunch we
voted in for a spot of lunch and a fancy
hotel restaurant where you'll be
romantic and then we are going to
explore and guess what is next origin or
else of Woodstock Mike I think there's a
certain Palace that's around which is
freaking beautiful so we're gonna go for
an afternoon whoa oh and you know who to
people that are like an afternoon walk
that aren't in the car look empty not
there not there
then where we going after that what yes
I reckon we just get a go straight home
yeah that was a big bump no this
remembered something about this car what
do you remember this car I should be
really weird
watch me a bit worse I just remembered
something about scar also apparently is
many come with makeup in the glove box
want me to show you what's in the glove
box there's nothing in the cloud for her
yeah where's the makeup and I think they
trusted me with the Baker but they
didn't trust nothing because I think
they thought I was stealing would you
have stolen it
what do you give a jabbering about how
much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a
woodchuck could chuck wood and look so
do you how much wood chuck chuck wood if
a woodchuck how much wood would a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck
in Woodstock
there were Chuck's chat with in one
stock and we are going for some luncheon
a nice hotel restaurant called the
feathers which my mom recommended but
it's actually only what my other jacket
but this is Woodstock anyway a very
beautiful old stone town imagine how
much better it would have been before
cars were invented
it's apparent so much better let's go
let's get Lawson carriage junk it's a
fluffy dogs bum so this is apparently
where we're going for lunch and there
are people all afternoon tea there's
people having afternoon tea not only a
million cakes then afternoon tea that's
my favorite house I think it would start
with the black door there it's so cute I
love that all the houses are like wobbly
it makes me really happy
amazing creations and everyone else is
gone too what have you got
I've got a fishing it's such a girly
order Yellin who's not the best older so
far I got lemon sole which looks really
really taste is coating capers so we
just had a very delicious lunch although
I have to say my god did better than me
on starter because his was amazeballs my
main was actually really really good
your mother now my ex was looking
through some scaffolding
oh it's Pinterest and went on our way
you go and have a walk around the
gardens of Blenheim Palace we're not
actually gonna go and look in the palace
because I've done that quite a few times
already but I thought it's a nice place
to walk off all of that food have you
saved up enough pennies yet for it no
how many men maybe shaved off enough
penny survived this map stone it's very
understated well I personally find many
many acres like a million it's so much I
hope it's a long time really bad from
the well but basically now we're trying
to walk round this side of the lake
instead of going back I've just seen
that it actually goes on for quite far
and I don't know if we're gonna be
walking for like ten years now so back
in the car now my hair is probably
looking a little bit windswept because
it took us a bit longer than we
anticipated it's a bit long dissipated
what happened no only ten minutes what
was it why did we go to
is very magical it's very romantic stop
now well what do I put in next surely
she's home well there's one more place I
would like to stop out that is in this
area
no we go to fairly often or we used to
before we move and now we're quite far
away from it surely that's just sister
village let's go put it in the sat-nav
that was thoroughly delightful they're
still really can you see it's a really
beautiful day today and Woodstock is so
nice there's a lorry but it was really
lovely and I've had a delightful time
and now it's time for some shopping this
car is very shiny how shiny it is I like
it
hurry up we are twelve point two miles
away 22 miles from shopping
so we have arrived in this town and it's
freaking busy well I just said that I
just said should we go left right I said
left and then went right but I got
shopping delirium there's a Miller
Harrison out I did not know that loads
of stuff has changed here since we last
came because we used to come at times we
lived a bit well all the time we just
felt like once in a few months but now
we live really far away we never come
here so we stop for a quick drink and
I'm actually obsessed with these at the
moment I've been getting them every time
I walk past a prat they're the Green
goodness juices and they're not actually
as good as you would think they are
pretty much mainly apple but they taste
really good there's Apple cucumber
celery spinach lime and ginger yeah
Mike's comment on that flavor
combination was we've been all the way
around Buster and we haven't bought a
shoot shoot shoot anything well it is
technically and we only bought ice cream
yours sucks
is a small clone clone a small cone it
does look pretty good Nutella because
I'm feeling like a big fat pie I got
four flavors
I got tiramisu hazelnut pistachio and
coconut you're great oh yeah did and now
it is just something on Vesta Berlin and
it's time to go home to the poopies
because they will need a war heating
oh yes they went so we just drove up to
the top of a hill to see the sunset I'm
actually really really cold now but
driving back it was honestly the most
amazing sunset ever in the whole world
Mike's taking a picture but I'm gonna
show it to you without trying to get in
his picture look at that can you see it
can you see it so awesome it's pink and
it's purple and it's orange and it's
amazing and I'm freezing now so we are
home sweet home and I am quite tired we
stopped at Mike's parents on the way
back and uploaded my draw my life video
draw your life wish
did you like it - it's very good I'm not
doing actually what does it say I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog and we'll see
you again very soon
lots of love Mike just are you okay Mike
just fell over we will see you soon bye
