so today ladies and gentlemen is a
Tuesday on the mountain we are all oh
yeah these sunglasses are not really
very 80s but we are all rocking the
all-in-ones I have to say the boys have
done slightly better
apparently male skiwear in the 80s were
slightly nicer than female ski baron 80s
but we're gonna do a little outfit of
the day for everybody starting off with
Mike the force who is wearing the best
outfit in my personal opinion this is a
beautiful vintage 80s all-in-one it was
worn originally by my dad it's quite
shout out dad it is quite cheap for
riding my dad was a little bit smaller
than you in both stature and waistline I
believe so it is quite tight snug it's
snug but epic I am wearing another
authentic 80s all-in-one this was
actually my grandma's and there is a
picture of my grandma I'm not gonna be
able to insert it because I won't be
home by the time I did this but there's
a picture of my grandma wearing this
holding me as a baby
in 1988 the winter of 1988 so it was
authentic 80s ski wear bright yellow not
gonna lie it's quite unflattering on the
old stomach area but we're gonna rock it
anyway we have a vector in her turquoise
number lookin sexy yes what you have to
say about it Beck's um well the waist
belt is my personal fave when you too
much with this on look I've got little
flaps on line yeah we should it looks
brilliant yeah I was discussing with her
earlier imagine like a guy in this like
trying to shut a woman over okay next up
Samuel is just relaxing a bottle of
pause okay that's not normal that's not
normal
this is this is can you give us a favor
interesting to work executive and what
is your what's your outfit today my
outfit is inspired from a Swedish House
Mafia trip to Paris and picking this bad
boy nice a bargain I think you can
resell it for a hundred that is amazing
and last but not least Lauren is King
Delilah my sickly powerful number
I like the diagonal zipper thighs a
little way diagonal oh you got to show
everybody that that is great a bit stuck
in but yeah great
it's looking good the only problem we've
discovered is that they didn't wear
helmets in the 80s or have rucksacks so
that's why we showed you this before we
get out in the snow we needed fanny
packs basically so it is looking a
bee-utiful today this is the backdrop of
the chalet it looks like the Sun is
gonna be shining I'm gonna need my
sunglasses and yeah we're ready for
glasses glasses Mike sorry we are it's
so nice we're ready for a day of sexy
eighty skiing as you can tell we're a
little bit excited I've actually got a
tee style skis as well I've got white
skis these are mine the short ones
because I'm the short one but yeah let's
let's let's go let's do this thanks can
you explain why you're doing this dance
I just powered repair services up says I
forgot I brought with me I actually just
base what about stairs I was like all we
need now is a perm yeah that can be
arranged
yeah I love this Sam actually looks like
you stepped earlier if there is a horse
on the piste there is officially his
Beckett there is a horse on the piste
just rocking it there's a load of other
horses over there too but this one is
just rocking over there it is a freakin
a beautiful day can you spot Mike in his
luminous eighties onesie
eighty style on the ski lift yeah outfit
combination strong everyone's looking
below like oh I know time we have had a
fantastic mornings here for morning
this snow is incredible best day so far
without a doubt what's the time time is
two has possible it might be time for
time a suit on shall I get the older
many tens twelve Qatar well maybe we
should wait to get together
it's got back from skiing and we have an
injury can you guess who it is
surprise surprise thanks what happened
back he was like laughing I was just
literally at the bit where you get off
and then I don't know what happened I
got my ski core and I fell and all my
weight went on my hand
so I buried my arm and I couldn't get my
arm and my wrist out of the snow and we
walked past and found her wailing and
they may get my boots off I rested a
little ice oh my god oh my wait my hand
oh my wrist is like that in snow like
when I dug out my whole body way of my
arm has got it sorted
well God rest ice compression
compression elevation elevation rice
rice when it arrives with iced it
but it's compressed and press and then
hands it up you have to go up there you
go guys cheston's I say it's stupid for
we've done like maybe now you can we
have ski tomorrow no I'll be scared I'll
just be yeah I'm just gonna do this I'm
currently in the situation and 30 edit
enjoy we're in the process of trying to
find for heat one issue I know to be
Brent and everything's a French but
handy when you're in a supermarket that
has English I amazing what happens when
Cosby French and you're in France have a
French what is sour cream
creme de c√®lle just sour
yeah no that's not mean this sauce we're
going for this we're saying is creme
fraiche because it says action all
stations in the kitchen right now
chapter 4 is here cooking his fajitas
super Marcia logging I haven't watched
that footage yet everything is ready
I've just done as the cheese board which
is next to the goggles and the marmots I
bought this them day the music is quite
loud over here so I'll go I thought this
is my souvenir from Morsy and as you can
see as a marmot who whistles and your
little if we borrow one of these and
like music for any luck we buy one of
these every single year that we go
skiing well four years in a row so far
me and Mike and I also love marmots so
much I bought this moment mug which I
thought was really cute and it has this
little spoon in the side look they use
and conveniently the little moment fits
right in there so
little package I fell asleep on the sofa
last night didn't finish my vlog but now
we are enjoying the beautiful sunshine
Becky has not been skiing today because
they hadn't how's the hand the cloud the
claw it's really hard actually what
happened it to try and do things like
it's your right hand - yeah I know
you're not getting steak right because
then I won't cut it we're sitting here
in the sunshine with some mojito I'm
having a rather nice time that's gonna
be it today's vlog oh my god see you
guys very soon say goodbye to everybody
bye guys
god it's awful Mountain and we seen this
sign
basically means that you can't go yeah
