here with my charm in the snow there's a
snow train over there and wait for it
there's my hotel it's called Shawn
flurries I think we should live there
forever as you guys can tell it's
snowing quite a lot today we wrapped up
warm we're a little bit in between us
that would be weird
oh the minions look like the minions
with the bubble heads yeah so we are
behind now and just go catch the boys up
but look at the Train it's so cute
there's no never ETL ocean oh I'm
worried I think we run over is what I'm
worried about
my feet hurt a lot today ow
these boots are uncomfortable in a
blanket in a fluffy blanket let's go
before we get run over by the train the
train drivers brushing ahead love it
I can we get the train one day look
right we're well behind now let's catch
up
so the top of the mountain and we've
seen this sign basically means that you
can't go right yeah this piece is for
good skiers only good skiers only guys
not no one's allowed down here on the
top apex top fill up with lunch I'm
feeling some extreme foot pain right now
my father be sick my boots are a little
bit too narrow and it's happened for the
last two years and you take them to the
shop this afternoon getting wide anyway
to resolve the problem it's stopped for
a photo hot wine break this one is
really good as many overs
we're sat outside which it's quite cold
but large
it's officially pancake day today and we
are celebrating me and Becca here in our
onesies Becky is a cow it's the only
time I can really call her a cow without
her getting upset because she actually
is a cow look I'm in my one-piece onesie
you dozy cow and I love it it has a tail
and it is sexy daytime cake day but as a
main course we decided to get takeaway
so we have Thai takeaway up a mountain
in France as you do it's the best place
to get to I take away
Lauren however has decided against the
takeaway and is cooking a salad well
yeah but if I get a vegan I'm going
healthy and then yeah we have the
pancake setup oh she's cheating setup
and Nutella this oh yes we need that
much Nutella I'm gonna have a cheese
board as well it's just all about the
food what else have you got
oh yeah squirty cream squirt it directly
in the mouth that's the best way to eat
squirty cream Chester force is ass first
one is always the nice
all right the first one oh just why do
you put you gonna flip it Mike come on
come on
flip it flip it is it ready yet
you're shimmying enough look watch Oh
put you to shame here we go Mike look
I'll take one for the team because yeah
you need this one this is my call form
what are you gonna do to it that's how
their staff with us to solve this is how
to do a crap by Mike course Oh Nutella
look at that smiley face and it meets my
not a smiley face four ways but a bit of
a grimacing face forever oh yeah eyes
give us yeah happy happy Bank idea Mike
haha
happy Pancake Day everybody that's the
end of this very disjointed crazy vlog
but I will see you
do you know what it is later is
currently 5:14 someone for that refers
one douche bag and we're on a road trip
right now
