my guys so I am on my bed again during
when I wake up bright and early
it's actually not as early as yesterday
at 7 o'clock now and we have to be out
of the room 8 ready to go to Tokyo very
excited yeah we've got my makeup on and
then I'm not entirely sure about outfits
I'm wearing this dress which is a bit of
a self-portrait inspired number but I
really wanted to wear something kind of
personally or colorful for going to
Cherry Blossom today we're basically
going to cover the name that the psyche
of the park in Japan's or the cherry
blossoms take some photos I wanted to
wear something like craftily for that um
but yeah it's quite formal for like 7
o'clock in the morning but oh well yeah
I'll show you guys the bullet train when
we get on it
so we've just got the station and we're
about to get a bullet train to Tokyo
then how long it takes maybe like two
hours an hour and a half Lucy knows
everything you see an hour and a half
here's our train guys early this doesn't
happen in England early train
guy hello Johanna Cooper has just shown
us this mystery trick on the bullet
train check this out the seats turn
around
it's magic look oh wait Fred that's
amazing and now we can talk sociable
here anyone want to sleep No
we've arrived in Tokyo guys we're now on
our way unitary book them I take
pictures and an amazing day secret funny
I love Tokyo's only the second time I've
ever been here but it's one of the
coolest things ever happen we're in the
park guys on the hunt
yeah a quiet spot underneath the cherry
tree somewhere but there are so many
people here it's absolutely wrong so
quickly though so me and Claire we're
twins
bo Willie in our hair a few houses tops
Chloe and loose your hair stylist in
photos Walter we'll go we have like 10
minutes left in here but have you got
behind the scenes of an Instagram so we
just had the most stressful like 25
minutes ever trying to get Instagram
photos in a designated time frame for
every person with the cherry blossom
walls trying to keep all of the tourists
out of the background very hard guys
trying to get a good Instagram shots not
easy around here thing about this tree
is the most blossomy look at this worm
this is a great one they're coming
through like wherever you look there's
just a person somewhere well that's
class but they're the people like that
get in the back of every single photo so
you're trying to get a little angles and
stuff in it so hard
these ladies dressed up as geisha so we
just turned the back of the bus into a
changing room and me and Claire have
changed outfits now I can open the
window again we're now going to electric
town electric town I don't know the
actual name of electric town not
actually called election calendars or
something else where all the lights are
anyway we're gonna take more photos
this bus is also got the best seats I've
ever seen of us like poochy poochy guys
it smells like got this far seriously
it's just everywhere sewers we just
designed romantic another half an hour
shooting and we're now at Tokyo Skytree
that's just the gift shop so I'm gonna
go there yet it's going to go up and see
hopefully see this check out this
massive picture of it on the wall where
you have a cheesy photo taken hopefully
that is the view that we're going to see
if you love puts all the vlogs on tour
in Tokyo
because that's some guys are made
and listen Greg cherry blossom who needs
to focus tough when you got the risk
check this out they have like an
interactive touchscreen map thing you
can like zoom in we were just trying to
work out what this is it looks like a
giant muscle nut squash apparently the
super dry hole
who knew pretty cool Tokyo's pretty
massive maybe tonight you rascal let's
stay up here I want to need it Maya this
is when it's washing it up when did that
happen did you change that yeah oh you
can change on that
actually guys apparently it's the Asahi
beer annex
looks like a butternut squash or the
aubergine emoji but yellows yeah
please always make my summit go a little
bit to look for scary talks about this
is another layer one word there's not
another layer that makes me go
we've come to this epic Japanese
restaurant
this is others wellesley system and my
dinner look at this they having a tiny
little hole brawl and for someone anyone
plan some crab legs and sashimi yeah and
we have some sake on women which day
three these pawns are so good my new
favorite most rather than they're good
right
I mean yes we trying to be that's really
good for I'm gonna eat all of Lucy's
about me and like coral and okay the
next course guys is a mystery fish its
coffin everyone is liking and everyone
is liking it I don't know what kind of
fish is if you know let me know
it's very nice cute it looks like it's
got a stripe it looks kind of like
macaroni is it oily no this is the next
source guys it's a mushroom pudding Lucy
is this is not my abscess try it oh it's
like
it doesn't taste bad it's just the
texture of it is very attentively
already and I don't like you like well I
feel like okay guys so I am at the hotel
now we've actually moved Hotel obviously
because we're now in Tokyo and we were
in Osaka five checked into my hotel I'm
in my PJs take my makeup off I'm super
tired
right actually short ten twenty ten but
we left the other hotel eight o'clock
this morning so we've literally been
like non-stop all day we've seen so much
we've got loads of good photos as well
today which has been really fun another
busy day tomorrow so we're heading to
Panasonic centre in the morning
to learn more about their gadgets and
then we are going to I think we're going
to go to Harajuku and some type of from
that side model oh my goodness well
Claire Claire just came over to get some
sleeping pills because she has been
sleeping and the guy opposite it's
listening to porn really loudly in the
hotel so awkward and hilarious at the
same time she's just texting everybody
we've got like a group walks out and
she's like flexing and being like oh my
god but yeah so that is what is
happening tomorrow I'm gonna go to bed
now rushing into Skype mic and see what
he's up to
because I saw him test driving a Morgan
on his Instagram story today you know
Mike's an obsessed with Morgan just
don't what Morgan it's like a vintage
style car like three wheeler car Mike's
in test drive a Walmart in a way so not
cool um but yeah I mean it really
mustn't quit him on that but I'll see
you guys in the morning
brighten early for our first proper full
day in Tokyo which I'm super excited
about and yeah I just love it here I
love it here just so fun and yeah I hope
you guys how to get great day I'll see
you more
ah
