do you know what this is do you know
what it is no you don't it's currently
5:40 someone has pulled out in front of
us what a douchebag and we are on a road
trip this is the road right now yes here
we are here is Mike and Becky's in the
back I'm about to give her her birthday
present actually she's already opened
two out of three this one was so special
you know when you find find a present
and I nearly like like I let out a
shriek of joy and laughter about the
fact that this existed and I was gonna
buy it oh oh my god this is like a god
oh my goodness
Oh hundreds say that was a successful
present so the intro dealer didn't
really explain the fact that we're on a
road trip and we're going skiing
Lauren is now here and Sam is here
eating McDonald's Mike's Mike's driving
not yet so Sam's in mum it's like it's
the most lovely organized lady in the
world
she even labeled the hamper with her
name and mobile number there's a
surprise we all know about I wanted to
vlog I'm gonna turn the camera so here
we are we've got napkins and it's hot we
have camp ham and cheese and oh you've
got ham cheese or hammer mustard with
arrows arrows to tell you which Rose
which with his French service stations
are rubbish is brilliant satsumas easy
peel yeah we've got great no normal-size
grace giant is amazing extra crispy 74
from then there's five of us oh wait she
knew Mike a gun because she knows we're
all gonna smell after this experience
okay these this is what we are not
allowed to let we're not sharing these
with Mike sausage and bacon rolls okay
sounds pretty average until you open it
up and realize it's not such as you're
making rolls oh yeah
whole appears from nowhere so we have
just emerged from a really long tunnel
to this amazing view and if you guys can
see there are a lot of mountains I'm
gonna turn the camera around
so yeah even though I know I always will
be we are in what you guys don't know
yeah about so alone there's a few
specific things that have to be done the
right way
we've arrived and not only have we
arrived and it's a very warm and cozy
Chalet and you take my coat off but
Holly is here hello I'm so glad today
and her lovely boyfriend Sam okay
I tell you what
so what are we not going on here my
favorite food I'm loving it I'm very
overexcited
I'm Beckster more drinks let's reaching
a million subscribers this makes me look
like an alcoholic slightly but she
bought me a massive engine and then some
teeth when you put the hanger tea and
also also some chocolates that's two and
then chocolates and yes that is what's
happening tell me if you guys watch my
vlogs last year you'll have seen the
chalet because we're in the same place
and yeah we've got a fire going on
behind me here Lauren's
moseying around chilling out and I'll
take you upstairs and show you Mike and
ice room because I think she's unpacking
oh you're getting changed even better
guys he's naked
oh no he's not this is our room we
haven't unpacked yet this is our massive
suitcase Mike's put everything on the
bed and because we are in Europe we have
two single beds that push together and
we realized last time we stayed here
that sleeping on them this way
as you would think would be sensible is
bad because then I roll over and try and
cuddle Mike and fall down a hole in the
middle it's not because it really they
move way too easily like shift it back
shifted back to back they like really
easily move so what I'm gonna do is turn
the pillows that are the way and sleep
that way how does that work for you so I
get to cuddle him because he's so cuddly
and outside I don't know what you can
see there's no any snow there some
Chanel woohoo we've just had a
discussion about spice
he and Holly over here perhaps I have a
problem with size they think
Becky thinks that cinnamon cinnamon is
spicy okay so what we're gonna do we
have this stuff which is grace hot
pepper sauce
we bought this last year when we came
out probably got off but let's face it I
have hot sauce on pretty much every meal
this is like this is way hotter than hot
sauce so for today's vlog video I want
to do a much requested video to do a
review on my Nike FuelBand for your
