hey guys so for today's vlog video I
wanted to do a much requested video and
do a review on my Nike FuelBand for you
all now if you guys watch my videos on a
regular basis you will know I bought
this at new year as part of my new
year's resolutions I thought it would be
a great motivational tool I guess to
keep me fit in the new year so if you
guys don't know first of all what a Nike
FuelBand is it's basically a pedometer
so it tracks your steps and your
movement throughout the day you wear it
as a bracelet and you're meant to wear
it at all times obviously a problem when
you're charging it so that it can
monitor your movement throughout the
whole day they are expensive they're
around 130 pounds in the UK I have the
pink one and I have the I believe it's
the small or the medium it's the ladies
size one anyway there's only then they
make one for like women one for men and
then like an extra-large one if you are
particularly big with a big bulky man in
terms of how you put it on as well it
has a little button here that you press
it undoes and actually the clip that
kind of joins it together is a USB and
you plug it into your computer and you
can download stats on your computer and
export it and share it with friends and
stuff not a feature I would ever use
really personally but yeah so that's how
you put it on as well so you just put it
around your wrist and then clip it in so
it tracks your movement throughout the
day it has a little button as you can
see where you can track your Nike Fuel
Nike Fuel points are based on how much
you move but they aren't the same as
calories so you kind of get used to that
it is kind of strange to start off with
because you're like well what is that
what are these points that I'm getting
but once you kind of get an idea of how
many you are burning throughout the day
over a period of time you kind of get
used to what is normal and what is good
and you know what is good progress at
what point in the day for you so anyway
you press it once and you get fuel you
press it twice and you get ours one now
this system is quite strange and it's
one that I don't really think is very
good Nike said if you move
distantly for five minutes in an hour
you will win that hour and in order to
win the entire day you have to win seven
hours now this actually sounds quite
easy but if you do have an office job or
something fairly sedentary that isn't
moving around a lot
moving consistently for five minutes in
an hour is actually harder than you
would think because it's not like making
up-tempo stirring around you actually
have to be constantly moving for five
minutes so it's going for a walk going
for a run
being in gym and then it goes onto
calories and last but not least you have
a times as a watch essentially as well
it's ten thirty two right now
that is how the band works on its own
and you can use it on its own and just
have it as a pedometer however it also
has an app associated with it on the
iPhone so as you can see here this is my
chart for January and you have a target
for each day and it shows you if you
reach the target you get to green if you
almost reach it you get to yellow and
then red as if you've had a bit of a
lazy day so you can see on a few lazy
days and it can show you calories per
day which is on top of your base rate so
it's extra calories that you're burning
off steps per day goals hit hours one
per day on average average daily break
down and then it has something called
sessions now for me that was one of the
biggest downsides to this was it doesn't
track gym work very well so if you are
in the gym if you are on an exercise
bike and your arms aren't moving as you
know if you think about it it's not
going to track that if you're on a cross
trainer as well it doesn't track it very
well so for example if you are pottering
around the house moving constantly but
slowly and not particularly burning much
energy in comparison to being in the gym
you'll actually burn more ninety fuel
points doing that than you would going
hell for leather and an exercise bike
for me this was an issue because I don't
live a very active lifestyle in terms of
my movement throughout the day and a lot
of my exercise is based in the gym
especially during January when it was
raining all the time and getting outside
and walking and running outside was not
really an option I don't like running
outside anyway so that was a real
downside to this for me was the actual
tracking of exercising
you are in a gym and I'm guessing most
people that would buy this type of
device would do a lot of their exercise
in the gym as well another thing that I
was slightly disappointed about was the
lack of being able to link this to your
diet I find if I am looking to let
maintain a healthy diet if I link my
exercise to what I'm eating and using
apps like my fitness power my diet diary
things like that I find them really
useful also even just a food diary where
you write it down essentially that was a
big downside for me and I know some of
the competitor products to this do offer
that and they do link to my Fitness Pal
I know jawbone and my sister-in-law
actually just got one of those and she
seems to like at the moment there are
downsides to all of them with the
jawbone in terms of the actual hardware
it seems quite unappealing to me and it
also doesn't have the display on it like
this one does so you can't track it kind
of as you're going so all in all if you
are thinking about buying one of these I
would say don't I really think they're
overpriced you're essentially paying for
a pedometer yes that is nice but it's
not as good as I had hoped it would be
it doesn't have as much functionality
it's a lot based around rewards and like
medals and stuff that I just really
couldn't care less about in terms of my
progress I wanted it to be more kind of
interactive in terms of being a
motivator to get up and move yes it does
work that way it sends me a reminder
every hour on my phone when I'm wearing
it and it also reminds me by lighting up
every hour to move and you know get
going which is good especially if you
are based in an office job when you are
sat on your bum most of the day it's
good to have that reminder however for
the price I think this is just so
overpriced it's essentially it put on
myself I had a pedometer when I was a
kid that I think I've got free by
collecting tokens on cereal boxes I
sound really cool I think if you do run
it might be nice if you run however you
can get the Nike I think it's the Nike
running app that has like the GPS that
you have on your phone that will track
your runs as well that tracks your speed
and just gives you more information than
this does
anyway so if you are in possession of an
iPhone or a smartphone which most people
are these days I would say save your
money and get a couple of apps instead
of this gadget it is nice but it is a
gimmick it is an ulti and I think it was
a total waste of money that is it for my
review of the Nike FuelBand
I hope you guys enjoyed this video sorry
Nike it's not more positive people at
mic you watch this I'll be back on
Wednesday with a vlog I'm going skiing
this week so hopefully I'll be able to
take you guys along with me
and we can have a nice time and I will
see you next week in the red night and
it was freakin awesome I don't know if
you can hear us happening right now
