so today is supposed to be fleurs vlog
of the Brits but she is really ill at
the moment and not feeling well so I've
sent it off to do the Brits but she's
not well enough to vlog
she may have here at some point but as
you can tell by I'm a little out of
breath that my lovely attire now I've
gone for a run and now I've never been
to Greenwich before this is my first
ever time here which is pretty cool and
you've got behind me because I suck it's
just pretty epic or battleship and then
you've got Thames behind me which is
pretty badass now I'm gonna just go on
some random little adventures take you
with me on a bit of a run and then
hopefully little fur can make it through
brave little soldier boys you can add
towers I'm quite out of breath but I've
reached the top I've done one lap of
Greenwich I'll go to another she's
pretty cool you see behind me look
that's the millennium down or the o2
arena as it's now called that is the
first time I've ever seen it that's
pretty sad you can stay up late in
Bristol my whole life it's not for like
14 years now crazy but that's pretty
cool
and that's where the monster is right
now okay later this is a view oh the
rest London which is awesome and I think
it's now time for some more Metallica
and another lap just your random so I've
just finished more on coming through the
hall on down and
Thor hammer has dropped into another
bottle
I'm not sure what this is about but this
is pretty round again I don't know why
but everyone seems to be pretty excited
about it too but they thought it hmm
let's hope he comes pulls it out the
ground saves us all so one last thing
before I head on in fresh out is just
check out this this is the Maritime
Museum how epic is that that is amazing
they look behind me wow thank goodness
is a pretty awesome area I can't believe
I've never been here before
that's a real crime but I'm gonna have
an afternoon of probably watching a bit
of curling how exciting a little bit of
work before I head off to the side Brits
things are getting pretty crazy I've
just about finished work and as you can
see in the background I'm watching
curling Wow
I'm cool Jesus well got myself a nice
little tasty bracha fizzing on the go
yeah so I'm gonna have to go get change
hop in a taxi and go listen some music
scene as the flow is not here at the
moment and I'm not sure whether you're
gonna get an effort of the day with your
father maybe maybe not I thought I would
give you my outfit of the day as I've
never done this before this could be
disastrous but I am wearing a Tommy
Hilfiger jacket I'm wearing a William
hunt shirt I'm wearing my Ralph Lauren
buckle belt which I bought for America
which is cool I wear my 7 for my client
jeans which I'm not sure whether you can
see down there I've got my Oliver
Sweeney shoes which Fleur bought me as a
very nice and so will now head off
I've arrived I had no idea were supposed
to go once his new fur but look it was
freaking awesome I don't know if you can
hear us because this is happening right
now
looking good it's a good view I'm here
with my song vinegar crisps and like
who has been taking over the vlog he's
coming
blog today because it's been a little
bit busy but it's been awesome and
really coolest things found our seats
sat down one of my best friends from
school sit next to me what are the
chances this is men this is Jesse and
we're at the Brits pretty awesome
Bastille just won something respirate
something something a breast break the
rest regress break I bet they're wishing
they did win for us breakthrough I think
oh my god was so also I met so many
people so many so many people it was so
not least as well I was so scared I
thought they were gonna be like really
scary but they were really nice and I am
on a massive adrenaline high I was
feeling so ill before and now I just
feel shaky and I have greasy hands from
eating crisps because I felt so sick
this morning I couldn't eat anything so
as soon as I came off the red carpet I
was like I need food but here we are and
I'll show you some of the breads it's
really really so this is what the Brits
looks like right now I can tell you one
direction
anyway
look who's here oh I'm so happy I did it
you did it made it back what are you got
seven and what a song bird pajamas and
tissues explanation as to why I didn't
okay
because actually made me really really
sad that I couldn't but I without being
to win gee I've been more ill and I've
ever been in my entire life and thank
you to this one here for literally being
makes me wonderful bit of it crying but
like being amazed I haven't cut my hair
by the way guys that's just top tips
get my try new stuff you've got all your
hair off this I didn't think I'd be able
to do tonight I've basically bullied you
into it
yeah I've felt so ill for like a week
straight and there's been no new videos
or anything because I've just been been
dying a bed and having to do a few
things I have to do she's also like
twice tonight
kippis wife like it's some kind of flu
is definitely flu so I had I thought I'd
had flu before
oh no I have not had flu it wasn't fun
anyway we're back now I've taken my
makeup off and I feel awful but I feel
great but it did it done so now you can
myself she had a really fun night and we
were just watching a re-run of Jonathan
Ross from the other night and John
Newman was playing and I met him on the
red carpet he's really nice it gave me a
big hug and it was great hayri tickle
people she's a question favorite person
was another favorite person everybody
was so nice oh you were give me your
you're missing toy going to you then
Danny Widow she was like really nice to
show me her shoes and like everybody was
really nice there Ellie Goulding was a
little bit she wasn't not nice at all
she's really nice but she was a little
bit like shy and cuz I'm quite shy as
well it was a bit awkward but everybody
like there wasn't anyone that was like
I'm not answering your questions Johnny
who my worst person that I saw on the
red carpet
I read a cop was in the press Oh press
but I wasn't ready I was that on the red
carpet talking to people but I didn't
like walk through I did go outside I was
all inside so also experience actually
very very cool I thought that James
Corden was really good considering I
almost got to speak to him he's right
next thing and then he went back oh
he's seen her star he actually walked in
behind me when I walked in yeah I was
gonna say yo what's up yeah it wasn't
really nice and I thought it'd be way
too cool for school
Pharrell he was like wow nice yeah I
thought he would be like I'm so cool and
Pharrell but he was really nice it made
me all like happy inside cuz you know
when you're like think the celebrities
something's not gonna be that like
especially when they're like Pharrell
like super world famous it's pretty cool
right we've got some Pete's from bet now
speech on the Birdman is eating it
doesn't bead yeah I'm gonna sleep I
sleep a lot I don't know when we'll
resume normal programming once we are so
we can't kiss I've got a bit of recovery
required play to the camera well done up
say goodbye dear about idea goodbye dear
