hi guys Polly was just laughing at me I
am in hotel room right now in London I'm
feeling super super flustered today I've
been on a shoot with blogosphere
magazine and it was totally freaking
awesome it was so much fun but we ran
over by two hours and we were meant to
be filming again ready with me video in
our hotel room and it's turned into more
of an outfit of the day I think because
we are rather late we're heading to
Tonya's makeup launch tonight which is
super duper exciting then we're gonna go
and get some dinner and it's just gonna
be really nice evening I'm here with
these two twinsies Holly hello Becky
with her new center passing which may
see I am an Ikea
loving it you look fabulous it looks
like a different view just try that is
so weird cuz you look so different weird
I look like it did not look good on me
I'm rocking it for today we'll see how
it goes you are looking great when I
hold up this is our cute little hotel
room we're staying at the W we're
staying at the W in London and can you
open this window
oh you can't make out oh it only opens
that way if you were skinny enough
no that's class though I know there's
not you could go down there is London a
13 years
psychedelic lights this is a room I love
these curtains and we got in here and we
were like right where's the bathroom
do you like the dongle alliance it's
beautiful I can afford one yeah where do
you think it could be guys guys have a
look around where is the bathroom okay
so initially you would think maybe in
the entranceway like behind this
wardrobe no so that it's not here it's
not in here
but wait a minute dun-da-da-da
it is a plant and that's the toilet away
I thought that was the shower and the
showers are there it's like a it's in a
cupboard that it's so cool I want that
in my house it's like hidden away we
have to drink we have some makeup
mirrors going on hello my house gonna
sink this is so cool and we have some
cheeky drinks to drink some is it vodka
soda though not in your life I could
trade there's a bit strong and Tommy
have you been doing dry January as well
so we're breaking it already broken it
oh well I'm breaking it tonight one day
early but I'm still calling it a success
right we're gonna get ready now and
shoot some videos is that what you're
wearing
spangly oh it's a bit short
oh maintain right let's get ready we're
way too far Lynn and we have found a
wall of disco balls as you do yes we are
Amelia with the piano wave hello and we
are off I feel like I'm about to take
off with these eyelashes on I get so
itchy I don't have any wear them every
day don't know how you went over there
so I'm sorry we didn't vlog anymore
after leaving the hotel last night we
actually ended up we went to Tonya's
launch but the music was really loud
and I didn't want to vlog there because
you won't be able to hear me but we had
a really nice time and we went out for
dinner with some of our friends after us
which was lovely as well and now we are
going on a girly shopping day so you can
get two days for the price of one vlog
even though it doesn't cost you anything
two days for one viewing pleasure you're
right there I came with exactly the same
amount I can't shut it so just it's
always the way it's always the way we
are trying to clear the hotel room it's
actually looking quite neat and tidy now
last night it looked
like a bomb had dropped three girls in
one hotel room is carnage and this is my
little outfit for the day I actually
failed to bring anything else casual to
wear for today I kind of forgot about it
because I was doing the shoot I was like
oh I actually have to wear something
kind of smart for shopping but oh well
um I left my house this is like second
day hair from the shoot yesterday
because I thought it still looked all
right it looked amazing all of last
night
I seriously loved my hair and she it was
amazing
probably like the best hair anyone's
ever done on me like anyone else has
done on me I was really happy with it
and then I'm wearing my little top shoot
chop soup my top shot play suit and my
old Zara leather jacket I've kind of
fallen in love with again and some
tights and my little booties and my
handbag and there's at his hips and I
have my glasses on because I have sore
eyes and we're gonna go and eat some
food it's midday and we haven't eaten
anything yet and I am gonna get hangry
in a minute if anyone doesn't know what
hungry is it is hungry and angry mixed
together oh yes it is stop talking about
naked boys
just talking about naked boys we are in
a restaurant called Jackson right so and
we're having some well it's kind of
lunch is kinda breakfast but it's not
really right because it's not a week
master like that but why it's got fried
chicken some coleslaw
oh that's my mayonnaise good they were a
cup of tea it would not be a day without
you and your teeth Paulino to eat i had
my tea although I'm reversing nose not
having that thank you so much I have
shrimp and grits and I actually call
appetizer and it is quite small so I may
have a little smack later on as hungry
and it's very nice yeah I'm sorry I ate
some of mine already I couldn't resist
if I'm so hungry so guys we've done a
little bit wrinkled a few bags down
there surprise surprise it's me I also
got rain on my glasses it's just not
good luck rain and glasses are just a
bad combo when I do meet with room I'm
you know what else is or a charm didn't
the Harry Potter charm his glasses so
that they like pearl water or something
maybe not I don't know I'll tell you
what else is a bad combination this
weather and a frozen drink oh yeah look
at your bravery and I can ask mo but I
don't care good I have a cost prediction
it's like blended ice but they are so
freakin good
even in the rain summer drink outside
looks like this there's Topshop it's
ready and we are actually go to three of
us we thought you know let's just get
carved and self done it suppose
mooshroom it is so that and my feet hurt
do these boots hurt your feet yeah yeah
no I've done the no one else see that I
didn't notice yes off we trot I'm votin
free and they are so yummy and guess
what was a big weight is it Louis oh
thank Mary even though it's bad then you
can eat it inside that's we have to do
this nicely so I am home now and we have
one poorly Mike before say feeling
rubbish and squidge is not feeling too
great either because she is having to
have birds pulled out their ears is oh
so rubbish so rubbish so that is it for
today guys and squeegees gonna say see
you on Wednesday
bah bah if you could talk yes
it is that I am going to be red-carpet
presenting at the three Awards this year
for the Brit Awards YouTube channel ice
