hey guys and happy Wednesday I hope
you're all doing really really well
today is a vlogging day as you guys know
my new schedule is Wednesdays and
Sundays and I'm gonna try and stick to
it as best I can
even though my internet I'm a little bit
out of breath actually because I just
ran upstairs even though my internet has
been so bad recently most of my uploads
have ended up going off at like midnight
so I'm gonna try and get them up on the
right day even if it is like an hour
into the next day I'm thinking that
still counts anyway today I'm at home
I'm actually filming today I'm having a
filming day for the third day in a row
because I'm headed to London for the
next two days but also because I have a
very exciting announcement for you all
and I've been dying to tell you this for
the last like month ever since I found
out that I was definitely doing it it is
that I am going to be red-carpet
presenting at the BRIT Awards this year
for the Brit Awards YouTube channel I'm
so excited and I'm also going to be
making some videos for the Brit Awards
channel before the event so today I'm
actually filming one of those videos
it's gonna be an Ellie Goulding inspired
look which I'm super excited about I've
already done a Katy Perry inspired look
which should be up just before this
video goes up today fingers crossed it
all works out timing wise and it's just
I love doing like get ready with me get
the looks our videos so it's been super
super fun obviously Katy Perry and Ellie
Goulding are performing and hopefully I
might get to meet them who knows who
knows anyway I have no makeup on at the
moment because I am about to start
filming I've got to take the dogs for a
walk first though so come along with me
here they are the little red parade's
hello squeeze right ikki come on guys
let's go I've got Mike sexy hat on and
his sexy coat because it is raining the
weather has been so miserable for the
last couple of weeks so yes this is
England in January guys the puppies are
going cray cray right now I just had to
show you this in the mud amongst all the
mud and the slippery gross mud snowdrops
are coming out yay look who I just found
hanging out in a tree you can't have him
tricky Oh No I think Mike may have found
him and put him in the tree but it was
so funny this is
squit one of us quidgits favorite toys
and trickles apparently stay
treacle yeah I'm gonna take him inside
and putting him in the washing machine
Oh shrieking you can't have him now
later he's got to have a bath first and
a blow-dry and another toy left in the
garden that probably needs throwing away
because I'm not sure I can wash this one
it's swimming time for the mucky parks
which actually can't swim she's a bit of
a wimp I don't know what treacle is
she's over there in the reeds three
girls are really good swimmer squid just
too much of a wimp ah another thing guys
as you may be able to tell by the color
of my background in this room we've been
doing a little bit of home improvements
over the last couple of months so I'm
gonna wait for Mike to get home this
afternoon and then I'm gonna vlog back
to like what we've done because it's
honestly so exciting because we moved in
nearly nine months ago now and it's the
first actual kind of painting and
changing some fittings and stuff that
we've actually done because we wanted to
not only like moving houses obvious
expensive so we wanted to save up so we
could do everything properly but we also
wanted to live here for a while and kind
of decide what we wanted to do so we've
done a few things and I'm gonna show you
when light gets bright afternoon after I
filmed so to give you a little sneak
peek at my Ellie Goulding outfits I've
got to because to be honest the stuff
that she wears in the look that I'm
recreating which is from the goodness
gracious video her newest one is not
stuff that I would wear so I got two
options just in case and which one do
you think I'll end up wearing we shall
see so my mummy is here hello are you
having a fight with the sewing machine I
lost I lost the thread by the ball and
mum just undid the whole reel and then
have to do it again because I couldn't
find it fail anyway mom has come on over
cause she's being super amazeballs and
adjusting my place if you guys remember
my vlog from last week where I was
trying this on I ended up getting it
and I ended up getting the right size
because they didn't have the smaller
size but mom has taken up a little bit
of height off the shoulders just so that
the like bottom crotch area doesn't hang
too low so this is what she's done so
far we're gonna cut these off and then
iron it out and it will be perfect dogs
I'm gonna wear it tomorrow so I'm just
on my way to have my eyebrows done
because I've got a shoot tomorrow but
look who's got home but you ready to put
some DIY when you get back - I don't
even gonna be him to get back to do some
more work I saw you were home for the
afternoon maybe tonight maybe tonight
think about it but I am back home now
I've had my eyebrows did I think they
look pretty good I had a new person
doing them I went to the same salon
behind me person and I really like them
and then I proceeded to have the most
stressful time ever in the supermarket
because I didn't have a pound to get a
trolley and they didn't have any
trolleys available that didn't take the
pounds so I basically had to have one
basket I had my massive handbag and my
basket and I needed like a full shop so
I was like carrying everything and my
basket and like staggering around
everyone was looking at me funny like
why didn't she get a trolley duh cuz I
don't have a pound coin anyway squidge
is what she's just disappeared Squiggy
Squiggy she was doing this to me a
minute ago because she wanted
desperately wanted cuddles shaking
because she's so cold Oh screech OH
squeak oh it was greed and tricky
thunder a team era shall we show them
the cool stuff we've gone to the hallway
okay so as you guys can see the color of
this room has changed now this room was
actually if you guys remember nine
months ago when we first moved in this
room was bright green and I'm gonna
insert some pictures now it was the
first room that I was like oh my god we
need to change this because it was so
much it was just way way too much bright
green so we've gone for this
which is actually a columnist for a
fireball color called elephant's breath
which actually is quite a popular color
if you guys if anyone knows it has
looked at from the fireball color chart
it's actually the same color as our dog
bed which is here as you can see where
they meet in the wall it's not an exact
match but saying the color match is
slightly slightly more of a lilac tone
to it but I still really really like it
it's just totally made the room a lot
more neutral as you can tell in here at
the moment it is still very much a work
in progress we have my studio lights in
the middle giving us light because we
have no lighting on the walls at the
moment we took the old lights down they
were hideous like white bauble things
that I will also insert a picture of
here and we actually managed to get some
half-decent wall lights which looks like
this they are basically ceramic up
Lysa's and these are really cheap they
were I think 15 pounds from home base so
they're not expensive at all but it's
actually really hard to find nice wall
lights because nowadays everything seems
to be spot lights or ceiling light
lampshades rather than lights on the
wall so we are replacing those next week
when the electrician comes and we're
also going to be replacing all of the
switches and plugs now this is something
we're actually doing I'm sorry for the
lack of focus guys I had to use my DSLR
instead of my other camera because the
lighting was sending the the picture
really crazy so these are the switches
we've decided to use there are antique
brass ones and what we're doing is
replacing all of the switches as we go
around the house now the ones in here
aren't actually that old but they are
they're just a plain white plastic ones
and we want to change into metal ones as
you can see in the kitchen if I take you
in here the rest of the ones around the
house are these ones which I believe are
the original ones from the 1970s so they
definitely need replacing because
switches are actually really expensive
especially the metal ones that we've
chosen are fairly pricey when it comes
to switch kids I didn't realize how much
which is cost before we're actually
doing all of the hardware as we go
around decorating the house so when the
painters came this time they decorated a
few different rooms so we're replacing
all of the switches in the five room
tree we redecorated anyway this is a lot
of chaps
there is the doorstop that's the dogs
have chewed and we need to buy another
one this is the second one they're tuned
but it's hard to find door stops that
are good anyway we also painted Mike and
I actually did this ourselves we painted
the well iraq which is here this was
actually left by the previous owners and
it's a really nice piece of furniture
actually I really like it but again it
was bright green before and we actually
painted it a color from faroan bull
called Charleston gray I thought this is
gonna be a lot darker than it turned out
cuz it looks almost the same color of
the as the wall and I wanted it to be
quite a bit darker but either way I was
happy with the finish when we were
painting it I was a bit worried because
it looked a bit blotchy but it turned
out really well
and then in here we've also as you can
see by the difference in the tiles
obviously these ones have had 15 years
of hard wearing and these ones are brand
new so in here we had a carpet but it
wasn't like a normal carpet was almost
like a doormat you wipe your feet on and
when the puppies were younger
squidge and tricky when you were younger
what did you do treats you peed on it
a lot so it was really really smelly so
Mike here hello Nana Lolo Mike has taken
on his very first like extreme DIY task
for the house you're not supposed to be
any and come on squiddy out and decided
to tile the floor and it's gone really
well so far we are at the grouting stage
at the moment and mike is going to grout
in between the tiles screech what are
you doing thank goodness you have a
builder's bob hanging out my
because that would be really
embarrassing wouldn't it come on screech
I also got this lampshade it's actually
like a pendant lamp shade this is from
next home and I picked this up when we
moved in for the downstairs loo and I
ended up switching it round because I
think it goes better in here because
this was just like a little old like I
think it was like a cream lampshade
before a really old dusty want to
replace that as well I've just been
packing for the next couple of days in
London because I am headed down first
thing tomorrow morning and in my onesie
hell yeah I have got totally addicted to
my onesie again over the last few months
I when I think I've got it for Christmas
last year so Mike what a favour for
Christmas anyway so I've got into it
again and I actually have a discount
code for onesie if you guys fancy using
it's 20% off I'll pop it in info bar
below anyway Oh mister I've gotta where
the wild things are onesie how's the
grounding going you know
look at that grouting he's done all that
and there's this bit to go I'm very
impressed with your manly man skills
whether they like wha what would you
like for dinner
he's like it could be some kind of
meatballs you would like meatballs
spaghetti I'm gonna get along and cook
you some meatballs but yes I'm doing it
in time before the football starts
please wait what's that I think it about
7:30 okay that's in an hour no problem
but you get on with your manly jobs I'll
gonna do the womanly jobs yes I'll see
you guys on Sunday hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and don't forget to check out
my case poster which I'll put a link in
info bar below it's on the Brit Awards
channel and you guys can check that and
I'll see you all very soon
you
