everybody I'm here with my best friend
in the world which Becky it's going to
someone laughs you can't see her but if
she gives up hello singsong stinky
shocked that isn't really so we're
slightly hilarious today and Becky here
open it I got her I got her some rules
burger of the day well a lot of we
do what should we do today and one of
our favorite things to do is have our
sanity so like you know what let's make
an afternoon tea and film it so that's
what we're going to do we're going to
make cakes and sandwiches and exciting
stuff and we're going to film with you
and then we're going to eat it we're
actually gonna bake that like a fun
thing if they get that much I do not
he's ignoring us like fully I think
we're going to cheer up with our baking
oh yeah we should make him like an Elvis
sandwich yeah and then I'm sorry who's
going out right let's go shop so Becky
has gone off to locate a snack because
she's super hungry
I found the baking section and I'm
looking for
look at these oh my god rose gold or
bronze but I'd like to say rose gold
crunch so we can put on top of our
cupcakes I think that might be a winner
mixed win
white chocolate star there she is what a
newfound kickstand because we don't have
I don't sample here I'm not as I'm not
as a dedicated to our duties its Becky I
think this is perfect it's bright it's
on sale and it's on sale and it's a DIY
and you know where can you go wrong with
you and DIY it's bad going in the
trolley
we got a lobster and now it's time to go
back and cook it up and we're not giving
away as I get we're gonna eat them
I love dissection we can eat all of them
getting out of here before Becky
realizing that there is silver and gold
shimmer spray oh no what she found now
Stardust I've already got a holographic
glitter at home so I remind section I'm
her love each other you got the bling
but bling candles just in thousands but
shiny yeah pearl pearls make eternal of
these pinched in these circles too much
netsertive cook sister so we've got
three different stations guys we've got
the cake station we've got the Eton Mess
station we're doing it with a twist with
some mango and lime coulis and we have
the sandwich station and we have the
recipe really makes that which station
do you want to do good you want to do
cake I will no I just think something
that's not as messy because I feel like
you're neater person than me and maybe
if I'm with meringues
I just won't be able to be held
accountable you know what Eton Mess is
don't you know the name of it yeah the
pulp is off we'll be eating more a bit
than then we'll go yeah this is my
property I eat with the raspberries
right using a case I'll do the other
tooth I think we can't see gonna take
long
like smell of salmon oh yeah they don't
let you do the fishy bit okay okay
thanks for your consideration here we go
we've got your ingredients ice where you
gonna start
okay we need all of this stuff and we
need to basically smash in that this is
a nice bowl my mixing bowl of it reminds
me that something someone would peel I
don't really know why it's just the
shape of it Becky is currently having an
interesting line right with the butter
try to use the voice let's just say what
we're store I was like what are we don't
need a Victor are you sure you don't
need a mixer
are you sure upset he was like no July
on the other hand have finished the
sandwiches oh yes I have and I'm now
actually gonna build this would you look
at that guys I'm actually gonna put that
I know you're going to put sandwiches on
the bottom we're gonna have a lot more
cupcakes and sandwiches so I think I'm
going to do is put the sandwiches on the
middle is that all right with you Baxter
it's technical stuff you know what this
thing what's happening over here
look what round things are sugar uh yeah
the lemon is headed instead add a
teaspoon I put like three okay it's
gonna has lemony caves but it's stuck in
here I'm just trying to get the old
mixture out we've got some hopeful
workers hanging around right now there
might be some leftovers not for you
though check these bad boys out when
they go treaties like drop one drop a
drop one now we can't actually set this
temperature yeah you can't set Argus's
Oh get put on bottom we've gone for gas
I may I'm thinking mind using to go do
the other way I'm told it get that way
Oh Oh watch your fingers like a treacle
I'll just take one of those so we're
just setting it at gas mark 5 it's
Martha mark 5 see how it go this year
yeah it's going to show us for a nice
it's my shame about that smashing
technique a bit messy but it's effective
guest chopper brilliant so it's not
conventional but we can add a little bit
of the mango and lime coulis in here as
well so what I want to do this is
experimental guys just to warn you is to
put it around the edge oh I like your
style it's a bit it's a bit gloopy
put around the edge so it goes down put
in the middle as well let's face it
looks really tasty with more lots of it
in there still good so it's kind of
coated the edge go around here
you know what you doing I'm making it up
as I go along so there might be my shaky
Hartness be all over the place and then
one do nicely feeling usual yeah that
was the key I take the cream and lift
cream in there you went to mix this up
before that we're we're doing it my
style push them around this is the lemon
cream cream
I show a special strawberry's energy
strawberry's openness next what I want
to do yet and then more cream oh my gosh
it's so good
Oh meringue oh I see we're gonna have
Becky cut this video no strawberry you
go on ahead
Oh oh yeah then I'm gonna add some rose
breathes this is a new version of Eton
Mess this video here I can choose enough
and then put a little bit more on this
on top this looks so tasty too right now
so good
this looks like caramel yes it's mango
lime oh my god literally dripping down
and then when you put that on top of
here that actually looks awesome I
actually done it as a whole thing for ya
so seeing as my favorite chalmers here
who likes July she's a little bit
partial to try we're going for the
former Mason famous chai so I'm gonna
put two tea bags in this is the
technical art of making tea guys I think
we've skipped over the actual tea I've
had actually stick me back it to Bob's
I love a good teapot this one my grandma
gave to me antique it's got little tray
isn't it pretty
anyone want so I'm gonna put two teeny
tea bags in X we like it's from but in
this castle all different colors
that's like here we've got uploading
photos like it's cool it's like a disco
candle wait when it finishes it like it
goes it goes always phone beeping yeah
it goes pink and red and it goes green
lettuce changing changing wouldn't be a
Larry so my picture you might came up
that's the derivative are T is in pestle
is boiled we have a little milk jug this
is any match
in resolution blur the tea right there
hell of tea so much you know I don't
know why I would do without it
I think you've got a problem I filled it
up it's not an illegal substance you
know if you ever see a t-shirt say I
love tea can you buy me up quite a few
you never found one by Utley is this an
acceptable oh please
not because we could have these at one's
but I think they're more for coffee
because the cups are a little small yeah
I think we should go for the house I
have to you yeah the cake burning case
not a chef on the cakes
Lucy tree glaze hard at work you girls
waiting come out lilulu it's hot
oh my goodness that is hot this is what
it's awesome you're ready to come out
oh my dad look so good so you put it in
the wrong way
oh my I can't get silent Helen see I
failed epically yeah oh my god they look
good here they are again they are busy
washing up clean after yourself and now
we have chosen the fairy cakes these
made the cut they've got a bit of brown
them you will need one knife sharp tech
and you're going to cut a hole in the
middle
easier said than dealt me to hold the
camera yes okay right
anyone can do this even though the way
around the pans I feel like I should be
doing this did some to eat my work I got
the fit cream there honey it's coming
no she'll make a butterfly outfit are
they calling you cut in half
yay cut in half then you put a dog
scream in there know what cuz anyway do
you want enough food Oh me I think
that's gonna look homemade then you put
the butterfly wings on earlier do it
alright I do the wrong way total roar
where I think let that on you yeah
that's right might look like a devil
cake well and then what we're gonna do
is add we have not only a bronze fudge
but we also have white children stars
and holographic glitter let's see what
happens okay so does that finish result
as you can see it is quick and sparkly
my verdict is that we need more premium
for the star system
need to like squish outside there and
there we have it guys are you proud of
ourselves
give me five oh yeah just stuff up I'm
not bleeding though but I'm not little
little cope with the knife
um are you joining us Mike has been like
every time there's a knife involved
special day ver what was that Mike did
you say something actually try and talk
like love your voice do you not want any
food it looks do we made you an extra
sandwich
oh wait am i leaving at a servantless
I'll just put one leg on your chest
you
