good morning everybody and welcome back
long time no see in this whole vlogging
formulation type thing today I've
decided I am gonna vlog I've decided
that my new vlogging set up is going to
be Wednesday's I'm gonna upload a follow
me around flog and then Sundays I'm
gonna upload another vlog now it might
be another follow me around it might be
a request it might be a fitness video it
might be a food video but basically
Sunday's are gonna be another video and
you guys get to decide so if there's
something that you want me to film then
let me know in the comment section below
anyway today I'm going to London the
left today I'm going to London for the
first time in absolutely ages I can t
remember the lucero Atlanta Mike many
many moons Mike is here he's driving me
to the station and it is super duper
early in the morning well it's 8 o'clock
it's early for Mike to leave home
because normally you don't leave home
till 9:00 so we are on the way but on
the way to the station Mike's going to
normal work today and then you're going
to meet me in London this evening aren't
you dude I am exciting stars I remember
the last time I went to London it must
been waiver for Christmas anyway so I'm
super duper excited and I'm taking you
guys along with me and it's a freakin
miserable rainy day because I'm in
England I've made it to London right now
she realized the Christmas lights are
still up I'm pretty sure they're not
they don't still turn
but they are still up anyway I actually
found out on the train at my first
meeting which is the reason why I left
super early has been rescheduled for
later on so now I have some cheeky
shopping time and I'm gonna pop into the
giant Topshop this is actually the
perfect perfect time is going to top top
because it is dead
for the pink lip glosses which I did a
blog post on freaking amazing and I have
one color and I want to go and find the
other guys what color do you think I
should get that one on the end there
this one is the one I have already hmm
I'm gonna talk shop train you in for now
and I never normally like anything and I
have this much that's wrong for you
my hair fans are the king of interesting
right now cuz I have a dangly thing
about pick one I don't think this is it
a twig crease it's really easily like
that what do you think giving up for -
this is actually my skirt but not so
sure about this one
talk to me number three this is probably
doing funny things to the camera and
also sure about this money for the
necklace I know from the security type
t-shirt for us I think this is a little
just right on the first ever police food
I tried on in my life and I'm totally
not sure about it it's just not I don't
know I'm not sure how I feel about them
this is it what do you think the back is
cool but I'm just not sure about the
front I kind of want to try it because I
feel like I should it so many people
love places like once they get into them
but I just I don't know I can deal with
this bit this bit this was the house I
was most excited about trying on and
totally ain't not sure about it like the
skirt just seems to fall kind of funny I
like the top thing I'm not sure I'm
going to try this on a different size
and see if I can eliminate the baggy
tummy pouch area I just did a little bit
of damage in Topshop whoops
and now I'm headed to boots to get a few
things for video that I'm filming on one
day and just have a little look because
I haven't actually properly had a look
at the new stuff in ages so here we just
got out of my meeting and I'm on my way
to see my friend Mimi over which is very
exciting but I'm late
we ordered some coffee after lunch and
it just took ages to come and you know
when you're like oh I'm late I make
something literally downed it and now I
am off and slightly out of breath
because I'm clomping along in my shoes
that are suede you can see them down
there but they've stretched so they're
like half a size two because you only
feet are like slip-sliding so my camera
ran out of battery he's wearing a really
nice story
she'll like the Stars I've got something
wrong with me we're having a nice drink
I've got ginger beer and you've got
living on the edge are you doing
typewriter tune which has been serving
goods like so far dry January if they
want to stop drinking for all the
January it's been really easy so far
until tonight the 17th I'm going out
with my brother my sister and a few
friends and I know it's going to be like
oh you're not drinking
but yeah I wish I had an excuse I was
like driving so cuz we like it we
Stephanie carts I know it's gonna be
tempting especially those cocktails
I have liberties behind me now and a new
person in London made it down survive
might never come to London are you sure
are you sure you're feeling all right
I've got a pass out oh you were late I
was late just left me stunned super
super exciting meeting about something
really cool that we can't talk about yet
but we might be doing this year together
watch this space guys and yeah so that's
fun about that business yeah yeah so
what we're doing now is heading back to
Hannah's yeah we're going out tonight to
either have a we're going to eat amazing
I think we might be going to me like the
mega burger I don't think I think we go
into another burger place oh it wasn't
anyway so I come say oh so you can ask
you see this what have you been doing
today you have my site work I am ready
for a meal and a tasty beverage because
I've had sucks to be you but I went
shopping today I knew initially because
I thought it's somewhere near you you
didn't do any shopping no I wanted to go
to Nike and what's in shorts but I
didn't well should we go now cuz I quite
want some new trainers because I bought
them and then took them back because I
bought them in the wrong size I've got a
feeling are we just ordered a halo and
if you cancel they charge you ten pounds
maybe we'll have to do it another day
another day we've got a special little
guest in the vlog today it's little new
because she's just had her bedtime milk
which I gave her feeling like a good
auntie right now and there's a good
uncle over there Oh with me Mike and
speed are watching while we're all
watching I'm not gonna like us this was
my favorite film when I was younger and
my favorite TV series we're watching
Power Rangers movie how excited to use
be excited to you know excited that's
what are you not excited to watch Power
Rangers are you excited how much this
much that much that's pretty excited he
doesn't seem very excited though so yes
we're having a nice little cuddle with
the babies before the babysitter arrives
and then we're going for a meet first
not gonna lie actually want to watch
Power Rangers the movie I think I must
have watched was about 50 times when I
was a kid I love it it's so 90s thumbs
up this video guys if this takes you
back I wanted to be Kimberly the pink
Power Ranger so bad is happening right
now guys
it's loud and ominous I'm gonna call it
a night we're gonna get anyplace we just
go out you just get me out we have many
we have
