hello there everybody and welcome to
2014 on my vlog channel I hope you all
had a lovely amazing incredible fun new
year and I wanted to make this video
today just to ask you guys your opinion
so I've been vlogging every day every
other months for the last two years and
I've made a decision that I'm going to
stop doing that but I'm still going to
be vlogging but I wanted to just change
up the format and there are a couple of
reasons for this firstly because
vlogging every day for a month is quite
tiring when I'm trying to keep up with
my beauty videos and everything else but
also I feel like the content gets a
little bit repetitive so I tend to do
similar things in each month of the year
and you guys have seen that for two
years in row and I feel like it might
get a repetitive if I do it for a third
year so I've decided to change up the
format and what I'm going to do is vlog
less frequently but more spread out so
either two or three vlogs a week on this
channel but I also want to give them a
theme to and instead of just going ahead
and making these up I wanted to ask you
guys what you wanted to see I'm
definitely going to keep doing the
following me around Conor vlogs and I
would also be interesting doing maybe
some fitness vlogs things like that food
if you guys want to see things about
food maybe what I eat or cooking or
recipes or things like that then let me
know if you guys have any ideas of stuff
that you've seen me do in the past and
you like and you'd like to see more of
also let me know any original names as
well cuz i know people have liked what i
ate wednesday is on instagram and things
like that um I don't know if that's a
bit dull i was thinking like food and
fitness friday or something like that
instead of following me around friday
but then I couldn't think of a good name
for vlogging on Monday Wednesday so
basically i'm thinking monday wednesday
friday and i need ideas of me names nice
to know what you guys want to see on
this channel because I make these videos
partly because I love them and they're
really fun to make but also to entertain
you and because you like watching them
so what do you like to see what would
you most like to see in 2014 and yes if
you're a very very happy new year as I
said and I will see you very soon
hi
you
