hi guys its blog Thursday 24 it's
Christmas Eve
I'm so excited and what can I say it's
currently quarter past twelve I've been
up since 6:00 scrubbing and cleaning and
tidying look through the kitchen it
surged Bangla
Mike and I having 17 people around for
breakfast tomorrow so we've had two very
organized Mike's been outside doing leaf
blowing and garden stuff the puppies
have obviously had a very exhausting
morning to tree colors their school a
cherry boo is exhausted as well as a
 Canyon IP and my is cooking me Oh
delicious
had any breakfast yet so Mike is cooking
some deliciousness and after that we've
got to cook ham and for tomorrow morning
because we're doing smoked salmon ham
scrambled eggs a couple of pastries and
stuff and some grapefruits and what else
champagne and juices to make Bucks Fizz
and yeah so that's what we're doing this
morning and tricky you are a stupid dog
look what just arrived guys a massive
bunch of red roses with a Christmassy
festive bit in the middle from my friend
Amelia and her little doggy Duke I'm so
excited about this because I was just
thinking how we could do with some
flowers in the kitchen because there is
no there are no Christmas decorations in
the kitchen soon thanks Amelia yeah
because we don't actually have that many
Christmas decorations our last house is
much smaller than our house now so we've
only decorated the hallway and the
sitting room so the flowers ain't
staying here I'll show you actually some
I haven't shown you the decorations in
here so I put it up on here I've put up
lots of cards and some of my Christmas
lights and then over here I've covered
up this chair in the corner is like the
world's ugliest chair it was left by
people used to live here before so I've
covered that up with a throw that we got
for a wedding present and I've moved a
lot of the decorations from my office
into here so you might recognize these
if you've seen our or my office tour my
Christmas office tour whatever it was
whatever I named it those are from there
as well and I have this candle burning
which is a wood wick Christmas candle
smells of cinnamon basically and then I
also have on this window I have the
Stars which are also from my office and
some candles and some more cards in the
sitting room I have my little wreath
hanging on the door that was also from
my office and then the fireplace has got
this fake foliage stuff which we
actually did have on our fireplace in
our old house as well but I bought
yesterday I got these little fairy light
ball things from Asda and they were like
five pounds and I think they look really
good with this because not only do they
light up and make it extra sparkly but
this has also got like some baubles and
stuff on it already so I thought that
looks really cute and then I've got some
more cards over here and that's about it
for the Christmas decorating and let's
take one last look at the Christmas tree
because it's so amazing
okay it's halftime what are you doing
first attempt so it's gonna turn out but
the only thing that's annoying is
because we often have a breakfast
tomorrow morning but we're saying that
those berries means I can't put the ham
overnight because I think it'll overdo
it
yeah and basically I yeah go try on
rubbish so I'm cooking it tonight and
then I'm then gonna roast it in the
mornings to make it golden brown with
Christmas ham but say you've got a ham
and then you put in some apple juice
that's orange juice oh that's so we
don't we didn't put that I wouldn't put
that in if I did you buy any Aquajet yes
is in use as the apple juice apple juice
and then I'm basically gonna put half
this helped reduce in I've got some
onions in there leave this ring on yeah
I'm gonna leave the string on was it
cooked that's not gonna do any more
you're not gonna point that in and then
water in there so you fill it up to this
it's just kind of 3/4 up to the ham so
to about the probably that woman yeah
and then I'm gonna boil I've got to
bring it to the boil on the out of them
and then put it in the really slow cook
oven for about two-and-a-half hours yeah
then this skin in the skin here should
then peel off
not if it's got the string on it Wow it
was fun okay and then sort of skin
should peel off and then you then just
put an etching in the fact that's on the
top cover it in marmalade and they
should be golden brown you bake it so
you're gonna bake your Christmas Day
yeah that's the Christmas Day so this is
our first time Christmas ham that we
cook okay let's hope so the same oh look
at it bubbling away I love so a couple
of months ago guys I bought the dogs
Christmas outfits now this one was
originally for squidge and it fit her at
the time but she's now growing out of it
and trinkles growing out of the one I
bought for her so squidge is now wearing
treacle Santa outfit I think squidge is
very happy there treacle is trying to
pull it off squidge as well I just don't
think I'm putting outfits done ooh tasty
removed from its chew now I've got to
remove the skin and get the marble later
now we have to do the stealth make the
diamond technique so my hand is
Marmalade up very tasty and it's now
gonna do that for sick normally I would
now put this in the oven for about 15 to
20 minutes and it would be nice and
golden brown and ready to eat but sadly
because we're not staying here overnight
I'll just have to wait until the morning
to eat it up and it'll be extra
specially tasty and ready for Christmas
back at mums now stress levels are
getting high mom's having people over
for drinks it's getting wet
Manek the mold wine is ready you ready
mum
we just know I need to change my clothes
and I need to clear up all the debris
all that I feel home whatever it wasn't
me I promise
cobalt so Mike is located a rattle but
it makes the belly sound we tend to be
10 what you're actually gonna go up on a
reindeer with that this is so exciting
guys we haven't had like pretend
Christmasy stuff no one somewhere us no
comment wearing it all day she wants the
boy no Santa times bitch so we did the
father Christmas little ceremony with
spike and it was so cute and then he
cried because he was so excited he
didn't want to go to bed who says we
excited it was really fun and now we are
making a little detour after my friend
Lizzie's house to drop off presents
because I haven't been able to see her
since oh my god weeks a long time
because she's been away for ages and
then when she normally comes home in her
Christmas break she's been in New York
but not actually New York City just New
York State so I didn't get to see her in
New York either so we're taking presents
over and a few other my friends are
gonna be there as well so gonna see them
and then we're gonna head back to bed
and then it's Christmas what are you
excited
well more sleep I'm so excited I'm gonna
end the vlog here guys because I think
later on it's not really appropriate to
vlog at the party were going to it's
full of
like my friends Patterson stuff so
you're not gonna do that but what I will
say is a huge thank you for watching
vlogmas I love you all very much and
I've really enjoyed it and I hope you
guys have - and I will see you again in
the new year or after Christmas I don't
know where there's some time soon
goodbye when they see you I hope y'all
have a Merry Christmas
mom's got character
when his dopey fellows from Mike
