hi everyone and welcome to vlogmas day
23 is more sleeps til Christmas I can't
get over how excited I am today we are
running a few errands it's actually just
passed it was nearly nine o'clock now
and we're gonna be leaving at 9:30 we've
got a ton of different errands to do
today I've got to pick up my carts it's
been in for a service and a few bits and
bobs and what else might it's gotta go
and do the rounds at work and bring
presents and like mince pies and stuff
to everybody and that is it I'm gonna
sleep better today as well I'm having to
feed the dogs because Mike's gone to
Morrison's to collect the mince pies and
stuff treacle
that is naughty what do you think you're
doing tricky get down
so yeah I've got to take these
reprobates for a walk now come on guys
finish your breakfast squidgy and
another thing that made me laugh this
morning guys was this as I was sneakily
drinking my tropical juice out of the
carton don't worry an N share my drink
this I noticed on the side it says in
other news here's a wombat whose wife
has forgotten to lay out her socks
I've said it once I've said a hundred
times four legs for socks
it's so stupid it is hilarious but yeah
that made me smile oh gosh the weather
today is horrendous it's so cold and
it's actually stopped blowing now but it
was so windy when I came outside my
glasses just flew straight off my face
and we are now playing tennis ball wars
are you gonna drop it squidge drop
Swedes drop drop it drop it
this is what I have to deal with on a
Monday morning oh my goodness that was a
bracing experience have fun guys we
played and plane until squidge lost the
ball you lost the ball in the East Wing
whoopsie so I picked up my car and I met
this reprobate along the way we stopped
we couldn't be a part of more than two
days midnight and I was up at like 7:00
this morning
do you crazy Italian your prezi's yeah
so I've done a present exchange it's
cold it
and it was in new audience - okay free
and I just had new brakes but on my car
so apparently they won't work properly
for 30 miles
I was like great thanks I felt like I
missed you after a day I got really sad
did you get my sloppy tweet oh I miss
you so much unlike me I'm going to see
you in two days
you're making half a diamond house today
I have not much of my house up in the
tree no decorations on just a bare tree
and yeah and I'm moving out and we had a
mouse stuck in the oh I know if my I
know but it was so sad because it went
in the van and it's tucked down the
woods so we're trying to entice it out
oh yeah I don't want it to be alone on
Christmas in the back have you named it
no squeak yeah I'm off to buy some
Christmas lights now Merry Christmas
we say goodbye to everybody bye it's
been a pleasure
Merry Christmas you all have a good
Christmas you know and a good New Year
these loads have fun drink ah yes very
important Marika's merry Christmas to
you chum you made my say that really
enjoyed myself why do I notice missing
you by the way I don't know you know
missing what I do yeah I'm in London
with London lies
see you in I don't know some time
obviously by tomorrow but we tomorrow
will be back together again sorry we'll
see you soon
so I'm with my mummy now as she's
driving in our matching boots
she got his first on copy pants and we
are driving to town to get oh my
goodness is so windy it's apparently 70
mile an hour winds today is mental but
the rain is coming down it's really
really unpleasant how she doesn't look
that bad but it is not nice and yeah
we're going to get a few last-minute
gifts and gift wrapping quantities here
food food it's gonna be like a war zone
in acid or I think guys is gonna be
crazy but I just picked up my clothes I
got super excited because I don't know
if you guys have seen me talk about two
scoops basically I found this portable
charger called a juice Cuban John Lewis
one day and I thought was brilliant and
I spoke about in a few minutes
and they said be Christmas presents they
sent me this which is a limited edition
silver juice cube which is awesome so
thank you to everybody at cheese cube
sending that but they also send which
I'm not gonna lie I got very very
excited about this 5 iPhone 5 cables oh
my goodness I don't know about you but I
always always always lose phone charges
and these are just amazing though I had
like every color and I've got five of
them and I'm never gonna lose all my
phone charges ever again this one is
especially cool because it is like a
rose gold color loving it blue pink
green and plain white so very excited
thank you juicy people so we're braving
ouster two days before Christmas it's
like pandemonium
mum's got current sources and I'm
looking for last-minute stuff you fellas
from like so I'm hoping they will have a
good selection of ps4 game Christmas
lights this is what we need as well
Christmas lights for our bare Christmas
tree it's at the last one 200 sparkling
whites that's that's what we want 200
how long is it though so apparently
those ones with battery operated so I've
had to go through these and we have to
get four sets of 44 couple oranges and
they were sold out in Tesco so fingers
crossed
thumbs currently looking for an adult
Batman costume for my dad stocking why
man why I think it's something to do
with buy and I hope it's something to do
with spike nailed it
still no chocolate oranges though still
no chocolate oranges what batman's well
cuz everyone wants a dog Batman costumes
clearly so mission accomplished we got
everything but the turkey I've never
seen so much food in my life mum's
cooking for 18 people on Christmas Day
and we have a lot of food and just as we
were checking out I had like a little
section of stuff that I was getting as
well the til crashed so we had to wait
another like 15 minutes to pay it's
pandemonium that guys trying to get out
it's he's going in Ozzy it's pandemonium
in the carpark there's a queue to get
out of the car park let alone get in and
park and next stop to you max that's
good
like not loving this last-minute
shopping normally I do everything so far
in advancement because we've been away
it's just this not good it's not good
mom
okay mission accomplished guys
conditions apparently driving it I've
got a half an hour before Mike gets back
and I'm just gonna wrap his Christmas
presents as quickly as I can so I'm
hoping he doesn't see that I want to
show you guys what I've got for him
because I know he won't watch this vlog
tomorrow so here is this little spread
I'm gonna start with the pictures
because as you can see I personally
think they're the best I am so so happy
with these portraits of the dogs
especially treacle I just think it's a
really great one it's not actually
showing off as good on camera as it
looks in real life but I just frame
these myself which took a while hence of
what I have now to wrap everything but
that's one of his main presents I also
got this one for my sister which is of
her dog Charlie and I think she saw the
ones that's a better angle she saw the
ones of my dogs today I was like oh I
wonder if we could get Charlie done
because he's all black sometimes it's
more difficult to either take pictures
of him or to draw him but I'm really
really happy with how that turned out so
that's my sister and then he's got a
Playstation for his main president which
is gonna mean anti-social Mike on
Christmas Day but that's what he wanted
so that's his main present and then in
his stocking I'm so excited about these
because I managed to sneak them in when
he wasn't looking in Ralph Brown when we
were in the states they are socks with
Springer Spaniels on them and then he's
got a DVD two guns I don't know if this
is actually any good but he's really up
treacle what are you doing in the
Christmas tree get out of there he
pretty much has every single new film
out because he downloaded them for what
our trip when we went to the States so
I'm hoping he doesn't have that one then
I've got him a game for his ps4 he knows
he's getting the ps4 so he's gonna open
this first that doesn't really matter
and then I've got him two chocolate
oranges and some of the Starbucks
caramels and then I'm gonna actually
give him some of my cables we live
together we're married like they're
basically shared but he's always saying
how I steal all the cables so and I'm
giving
blue and green one to him in his
stocking and then that is it from Y its
presence and I've got to put the lights
on the tree then I've got a Hoover or
the mess from the tree this is what the
tree is looking like right now
here are all the presents I've seriously
unwrapped out guys I'm totally wrapped
out and treacle is being a little tricky
aren't you tricky bum squishes here as
well being a nuisance you're a nuisance
yes you were
Operation Christmas lights is commencing
we have four sets and with three bubbles
down so far yeah prequel is freaking
love in this tree she's after the
bubbles she's after the presents
oh no tweaking squids lights the lights
Sparky oh here is the tree complete with
lights finally with only one and a half
days to go not even half one and one
evening to go but I am mighty proud of
this tree I think it looks rather fancy
and the raving Fairy is having a great
time we're heading to my mum's for steak
night wood blue are you ready Mike a
whole food feed you guys come in here we
go don't try this at home guys we're
covering up the smoke alarm so there's a
little smoke in here the steak emergency
it's gonna be tasty we've opened the
door and even that doesn't work I love
steak potatoes of the red wine and
there's a distinct lack of vegetables I
am very happy Christmas so we can get
away with no vegetables we got elf on
the big screen space hanging out as PJs
and these two reprobates looking like
they're new
ever snuggle Liebchen
that's it for today guys I will see you
tomorrow for the very last day of
vlogmas I can't even handle it neither
can sweet
very much
