good morning Japan how beautiful does it
look early start phone worth it
so because the view is so nice this
morning I decided I'm gonna do my makeup
from bed now I'm on my way to the
colonic factory and a little bit of
drama this morning to get breakfast and
everything we shot so I'm really hungry
and I really need coffee if I hope to
heaven somewhere on the soft side you've
been I say Sun is out I would show you
coming with the moment we're on the road
and it's all I can see but once it goes
away I will show you
only in Japan guys this just came out of
a vending machine hot amazing we've
managed to sneak up to the employee cafe
to find some food and they have the most
crazy selection of snacks guys look at
this one that's my particular favorite
noodles in a bread roll for our second
Factory she's on to breakfast stitching
right now
Pringles all wrap they were in a
Panasonic showroom right now and they're
showing us through all of the products
they've made since the company started
and this is amazing guys this is a horse
riding exercise machine I've never seen
anything like it before this is the
original one which looks a lot more like
horse and then you can actually like
have this in your gym and workout don't
tell Mike guys don't tell Mike he will
need it this is the first ever hairdryer
from 1937 old-school massager from the
sixties getting ready to go into the
factory guys got some sexy hardware this
Rolex actually is quite easy really big
head
I'm sorry we're not allowed to film
we're going to miss it in this in fact
everyone got my high tech ear singing
we're Bobby oh I can hear now group
photo time go get your flags out guys
look at all the gadgets they have in
Japan that we don't have in England they
have head massager and I masks so
jealous I think everything clarin action
filming filming the hair dryers busted
what is that massage
when gesture is in Kyoto we all just
fell asleep on the bus I got the
batterer very literally crawled out and
we are on our way to you a Japanese tea
ceremony
there's one loan cherry blossom on its
own and yellow one anyone know what the
other one is Magnolia is that oh you
know probably keen gardener Clare knows
everything about the old blossom like
we're just leaving the temple geysers in
super busy but look how beautiful it
looks right now the Sun is just setting
it's like pastel pink and there's cherry
blossom it's so busy here that's so so
beautiful so when I want to wait to
dinner we're going to place called ninja
Kyoto which i think is like has fake
ninjas in it such a beautiful evening
pretty rare guys I get given some foods
I don't know what it is this I don't
know what it is anybody knows let me
know going to try it anyway so like a
sea snail are you making at anything
looting malice entirely from garlic at
its war I think it's like a fish yeah
yeah are you guys going to eat those I'm
going to let you fire going to go
through Chloe is going to be the
beginning
sly man it looks like a snail I think a
giant snail oh and it go last night
good ah very garlic and oh my guy I
think I make my tree house try this nail
guide I like my own I mean some cups
egged they're like Jimmy and say yeah I
want to get out jealous
look at this little guy is a frog
cheesecake I think it's a frog either
that or something squashed so we just
got the bus back from Kyoto to Osaka and
I totally fell asleep while you were
asleep sighs oh you fell asleep for the
back of the bus like properly I think I
was probably snoring and up in back in
Osaka and is 9:40 and we've come to have
a look at the castle myself at night
which actually looks really pretty and
check it out guys
it's got a proper moat so this is the
actual castle and where I was just
looking at or just walked round is now
there and you can see all the way across
a sack so just got back to my hotel room
it is now oh gosh it's 11 o'clock I say
I just got back I actually just finished
off and doing all the edits for
yesterday's vlog but I just run my
couple far because I really fancy the
bath might got really sore feet after it
today because I stupidly wore heels and
we walked a long way so I just ran
myself a bath I'm about to hop into it I
thought it would catch up with you guys
because I'm not sure how much vlog
footage is going to be from today
because we obviously weren't allowed to
vlog in the factory which I wish I could
have shown you guys because actually so
awesome like I said yesterday I love
watching how it's made
literally like that where they have all
the little robot machines cutting
everything together and we saw how they
make the Panasonic men's shavers so
interesting we left at 7 o'clock this
morning and we got back at about about
half an hour ago half past 10:00 so it's
been a very long day a very fun one I'm
going to FaceTime mic again now so
actually I wonder where he is should we
find out this might be a thing when I'm
away from like true FaceTime every day
what do you guys think do you like face
climbing like or do you think it's a bit
weird I don't see if I can hide the
camera as well that he doesn't sees on
camera hello what are you doing I'm in
just about stop eating
oh okay oh you at work yes haha hey
you're being blogged you didn't know
gone oh I get this hey this is cool
mics and work for once come on occasion
you have a job say good night to my vlog
good night
isn't he cute you look so cute today see
you tomorrow bye
