good morning guys it's vlogmas day 22
it's nearly Christmas today we are home
and I'm actually awake and we're going
to cut a Christmas tree most people did
this in the vlog must a ones but you
know we like to keep it a bit last
minute we've been away for the last
couple of weeks so we're getting a
Christmas tree and there's a serious
debate over where this Christmas tree
goes okay guys because there are two
potential options either we can put it
in the hallway which means we can have a
massive ginormous Christmas tree that is
in between all crazy or go like 20 foot
tall because it's go straight up to the
ceiling on the second floor or we have
it in the sitting room where we can have
a smaller tree but it will be there
where everyone is opening their presents
the problem with having it in the
hallway might want to in the hallway is
that we'll have to then like be like oh
I've got a present for you go out the
room just put it right a whole host feel
festive I think men sitting in the
sitting-room bullen's if you have what
are your arguments I'm not having
anything we have in the sitting room
all in this is you know more feel
Christmasy whereas you have it in the
hallway what about if we decorate the
hallway with other Christmasy festive
things we do you have some but we could
put it up the stairs
we don't have to be in the hall
I make I'm making money well I think it
has depended depends what trees have got
left if there's not got a big enough
tree to put in the hole but my one
decision well I've said my reasons I
think I think it would be better in the
city but you're wrong I'm right you're
not and we have a good knowing real yes
we're both probably the most humble
people in the world we could get to but
we don't absolutely so now we don't have
enough decorations that they're the two
big poles are getting two trees well you
get one big one than one really small
one that's disappearing but then it
would look stupid I think just won't be
more specific
no I want to put in the sitting room
got a fire in the sitting room it'll be
Christmas enough and you can put things
out of the fireplace we're gonna kill me
this argument your camera
seoeon's are we pleased to know guys
that I won having it in the sitting room
on the basis that it's not up yet but on
the basis that the one in the sitting
room could be like half the size and
therefore half the price ah it's not one
yet oh my god guys Mike just put his
iPod on shuffle all songs and Mariah
Carey all of what for Christmas came on
which is not only my favorite Christmas
song but what are the chances I was like
Oh Mike you put it on especially for me
it was like actually it was on shuffle
it's a sign guys we're gonna find the
best Christmas tree so there's a pretty
limited selection at the Christmas tree
farm I think what a bit late I think
we're a bit later than everybody else
came that one still looks okay yeah I
know they're a bit one-sided aren't they
it's going to be one side could be this
one there's literally nobody else here
everyone else gets that Christmas tree
before Christmas not a Christmas spirit
found isn't pygmy goats she yeah that's
a nice-looking sheep isn't it
it's waffle sheet which one do you like
the best
I like that one too baby stews
they've got baby pigs look and you see
that under the heat lamp keep your meal
see that red lamp that keeps them warm
we also have to get a Christmas tree
stand because we lost ours in the move
and I think this is the most festive
option maybe a little tacky
but I'm like why it does ooh I think
it's cute you have an issue you have an
issue it will only go up to 7 foot
that's not that's not good enough it's
not gonna work
father Christmas got snow magical
Reindeer what more could you ask
ah I was a nice he wants a kiss they
really smell I think were but should
give him a kiss the devil goats he's be
look free gummi bears
free sweeties and free mince pies and
free mulled wine we have our trees
slightly interesting shaped tree it's
official we're probably the last people
to buy or trade
an interesting fact you folks that
apparently the Polish people put their
trees up ah Christmas Eve do they whoa
that was a very good cat guys know
they're gonna win
McDonald's paraphernalia where have you
been we're beating my sister because
they're coming to help us decorate our
tree we've only got like five minutes to
decorate the tree because then we have
to we're going up Sunday right yes
oh god 3:30 and it's 237 now you sure
it's 3:30 not three oh we won't be
decorating our tree at least I'll throw
up
we're basically just having a Christmas
fail the sea-air cut if you like some
babies yeah I got Munira oh yes
McDonald's milkshake makes it all then
it's the unleashing of the tree and I'm
not gonna lie it was a little bit tall
we have to cut a bit off but it is
looking pretty tree like what do you
think squidgy first Christmas tree ever
are you chasing her you'd be nice
looking good perfect fit now just fit
this is gonna be a big job Oh before we
start decorating I want to show you guys
my special decorations this one actually
is the new one every year Mike's mom
buys us a Christmas decoration and this
year she got us happy Christmas mr. and
mrs. because it's our first year being
married and then every year as well I
write the year on the bottom and sadly
we just open the box to find the one
from 2009 which i think was the first
year she gave us one is broken and I am
really upset about it because this is
the one from 2012 I love this one
snowflakes this is the one from 2010
which is pretty as well this one I think
is from 2011 so 2009 was our first one
and it's broken and I am really upset
because that really sucks yeah and they
were in a box and everything so I don't
know quite how it happened this is
actually a new one which was a gift from
Phillip who lives in San Francisco he
bought us this which is actually from
Starbucks I don't know what is wrong
with my camera and focusing but it says
some discs on it which is cute and then
we have a couple of these ones this is
actually a scented one which still
smells from last year and I can't
remember who gave that to me I think is
one of my mom's friends maybe this one
was one from my friend last year which
is funny it's like one of the three
kings this one is new actually and I got
it from as a Christmas chick gift from
the girls at Rome alone which is super
cute look at that it's got Christmas
trees in it and it's not actually glass
it's plastic which is good because it
means you can drop in they won't break
and then I have my little Guardsman this
is a Scottish one which we got in
Edinburgh and when we went up there in
the summer not this summer but last
summer and then this one is
one I got when I went to see my friend
at Windsor Castle and then I have these
little ones which these were gifts from
my friend
Alec and then I have two from Henri
Bendel as you guys will have seen if you
watched my vlog the other day this is
the new one with dog but this is the one
I got last year when I was there with
the Christmas tree in the middle I love
these he's like my favorite ones and
then I have this which was a gift from
our friends Matt and Lucy which I really
like and these ones in here are actually
from lots eat are these are the second
ones we've been sent actually I got sent
them at Christmas last year I've got
four but two of them smashed in the post
and then they sent the same ones this
year which is really nice but none of
them smashed so now I have six which I'm
really happy about they're lovely these
are filled with lavender and then the
other ones are filled with rosebuds
so they smell really amazing as well I
need to put some string on these ones
because I haven't been hung before but
they're really pretty and they smell
good but they are very very delicate so
these come off quite easily as well so
you have to be really careful with them
they are our special Christmas
decorations and now we're gonna put on
some Christmas music and decorate the
Christmas tree so we've got options for
the top of the tree we've got the raving
fairy which we usually have and this
awesome gold star however I think the
star doesn't stand up straight so we're
gonna try the star first and then see
about the drunken fairy what do you
think Mike that's great ringing Carrie
the drunken raving fairy might likes I
think it might end up being her let's
try it so here we go Mike is placing the
star on the tree is it gonna be too tall
still we need to trim the tree that's
not going to learn can we trim it a bit
smaller
I don't know absolutely gonna work this
way put it on the next one now this star
is from John Lewis and they can't have
produced if it doesn't work I know it
never works
you can't see that never works here's
the reigning fairy because she's got her
hands on me I like wavy you okay
shove it up her knickers see look she
just works and she smoke oh she yeah
done a fairy this looks so much nicer
but it never was so the Christmas tree
is almost complete what do you guys
think we have one problem squared drop
that pinecone we have one problem though
is the fact we don't have any Christmas
lights because ours were broke and
obviously last year we threw them away
but we'd forgotten that we throw it away
so we don't know any Christmas lights
so we've decorated without lights I'm
gonna have to put them on super
carefully tomorrow and yes I'm wrapping
some last-minute presents we've got
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation on
which is this most super Christmassy
film ever in the world
Mike sitting here a treacle I'm having a
nice time I'm tired you sleepy I'm tired
too jet lag is hitting us hard
would you believe someone is failing
again what a fail someone else is
bathing on the sofa
no skills saying hello to my little
friend
I fell asleep woke up and it's changed
from a nice Christmas movie to wheeler
dealer so I got busted having a snooze
on the job watching Christmas movies
it's bedtime now ah Mike made the bed
while I was asleep
do you ever tell you how amazing you are
Mike he's such a good husband yes I'm
gonna call it a day and I'll see you
guys tomorrow I feel like these few days
I don't know if anybody agrees to meet a
few days before Christmas or sometimes
it's kind of awkward because you've got
a lot of stuff to do but it's like
almost like you're waiting for Christmas
it's like it's like the final countdown
and you want it to be Christmas so bad
you're kind of like come on time for my
past because it's not Christmas yet but
the Christmas Eve is officially like
Christmas for me because when I start
stealing all my friends and stuff but
yeah this today and like tomorrow like
funny days you're just doing errands but
um yes we'll see you then good bye
we are having goodbye bro
