and welcome to vlogmas day 20 it is a
last day in New York sad times we are
having a goodbye breakfast with Beckster
and Holly and Mike and we have all just
got my attitude you guys are staying for
another look at my stop being rude you
look at my tasty breakfast I got salmon
and bagels and cream cheese oh yeah I'm
hungry so I'm gonna eat this now we just
decided to hit the mega pandemonium that
is Macy's it was a great person in that
I want either one of those but the
windows actually have a look what's the
story behind the window a story is this
guy that falls asleep
and a little boy and then when he like
he has all of these dreams and then when
he wakes up his dream has come true and
all the things that icon the tree and I
read all about it
looks like a girl to me I'm excited
Wednesday where she read about it I read
it on the plane on the way over about
the guy that does the windows I was we
cool about it I need to breathe
why do you think they look fantastic oh
it's like mr. Selfridges
compared to Selfridges not good we're in
the airport waiting we were super early
because we left a really long time to
get to the airport because it's Friday
before Christmas does and we thought it
was gonna be manic but actually the
traffic wasn't that bad so now we're
here pretty early and we have like two
and a half hours to wait like we've been
here we do it for two and a half hours
and we've been here for a while as well
we have some dinner and now a lot of
your stained Oh like abstain from the
scanning machine so a full manual
pat-down and they shout mail abstain got
an abstainer
so yeah I'm stayin that's what a movie a
movie of my choice see them I missed a
little bad wage my squeege we're
reunited with the Bears Oh squeege we
have a mountain of washing to do and
squidge have the dirty sock because
she's a dirty naughty but shrinko bombs
here - oh we missed you guys so much
are you happy with home oh yes oh yes
vlogging for hell guys I just fell
asleep for the last two hours like
failures as well yeah you're gonna be
fair where I've been out and about
someone's been buying Christmas food
groceries preparing I am I do get when I
wasn't there obviously we're having
dinner at my mother's house I'll be
staying for dinner
I don't know do you want to say that I'm
quite tired
but yeah we're at my mom's it's very
festive feels not really Christmassy and
everybody is home and all the kids are
home dogs are here and that's all I have
to say I'm so tired you like my heart I
didn't wear it when I was in America so
I thought it might be enough
we've both got very festive hats on oh
yes we do fester laughs I'm being super
weird and having very granola for dinner
and a Coke or a diet coke jet lag is not
good for me guys but I'm so so happy to
be home what's up guys you want to go in
there hey Rose we missed you guys
nozzle central in our sitting room right
now
I officially fail at vlogging because my
camera ran out of battery yesterday
hence I was blowing on my iPhone and
then my phone ran out of battery in that
last scene guys I was in a tiredness
induced semi-coma like state last night
on the sofa I was so tired now however
it is Sunday morning and I am wide awake
and today we're going to get a Christmas
tree so if you guys want to see that
you're gonna have to watch tomorrow's
vlog because I'm not just going to
continually keep vlogging and then it
would be like one hour long video for
the next five days so yes I will see you
in tomorrow's vlog and thank you very
much for putting up with my stupid crazy
vlogging action in this vlog because jet
lag does weird things to me seriously
guys I'll see you tomorrow I can't do
this
I'm glad I'm glad we do that
