Central Park in the snow we're going
ice-skating welcome to vlogmas day 1619
just three days out pretty epic for you
going on right now
Mike's enjoying the view trying not to
slip on this icy icy round beating one
central park in snow what was that Mike
what are you just announce it
they are resurfacing what so it's close
especially special Emma just for ice
game I'm okay with this view though to
be honest cut all the ducks the
told you this guy feeding the one dr.
dark invasion in a weird way right now
guys there's Mike magically fell into
watering there try and eat your horse
you're actually not like close but it's
a small slip so it looks to us guys like
the ice rink has been closed for
resurfacing and there is a humongous
queue of people waiting to get on it
which does not bode well for our success
at ice skating they've just reopened it
and it looks like absolute pandemonium
look at them all coming out there's
still like a hordes of people coming out
okay we do it guys I'm facing my fear
I'm really nervous I'm just not I'm
scared I'm scared it's happening guys my
they come me how do they feel Holly
rock solid right there on
long as it asked our last very long he
fall over or not
Santee make it out live guys he's on
he's still on she's doing a lot better
than me she's still going they've made
it
they've made it Mike is now on the ice
he's struggling a little bit on you Mike
I can't do this this is not what I meant
no no I want to go home
there he comes speed demon
he's literally like an old ground for
another the wind is blowing him around
that was actually so much fun I really
liked it I was really scared did you
hate that I just discovered I'm not very
good at it why they discovered oh we are
good at most sports
Becky and Holly are being speed demons
together now where are they on the other
side oh I can see them when they're
matching outfits making a quick detour
in the Christmas market change Mike does
not look very impressed by its partial
to this shop we got some fire cider from
the German stool mais Bulls what are you
two like braces
so we've abandoned the Blondie's and
Mike and I heading back to our hotel
room to film and get ready with me for
tonight so it's about two o'clock now
we're stopping off at Whole Foods on the
way to get some snacks for later because
it's crying lunch is fine but we're not
really hungry yet but I think we will
wait before we go out so I'm gonna do
that and then we're gonna film get ready
with me video and then to get ready
using the video and try and upload it
before tonight which I'm I feel
confident that that can happen because I
get too excited about the salad bar
I literally just walked out the door and
on always to Project Runway party cuz
he's fine but they managed to upload the
video and it got live on time awesome
way and I'm really really stressed out
now and now I'm really nervous she's
from London my heart rate is new vintage
Paris soft military I like to dress now
that I hear what you said about it
without hearing what you say about it I
think it's pretty but I think it's a
funny color yeah if you're wearing a
coat as a dress that needs to feel
evening because that's what it is and
that's you know what
I love it I have green eyes on me kaki
cream I happen to agree with Isaac I
think this lace in this color it's like
seaweed that has come out of this watch
I did compliment hey guys so we are back
in the hotel room now we went to the
Project Runway party I can read vlog
there because it was pretty intimate
there's only like a few people there and
I didn't want to be like for the awkward
one vlogging but the show was freaking
awesome except for two things one one of
the other designers liken me to Shrek
which was how rude what a bitch though
seriously though I'm really nice the
outfit yeah but but Shrek is a person
and I was person wearing the outfit it
was funny though and then like my outfit
got slammed but we didn't get quickly we
didn't get kicked out so it was awesome
and a thing sorry I'm just taking my
boots off I think I have some special
vlog footage to upload in the next few
days of likely when hopefully I'm
waiting for them to send it to me so
hopefully hopefully hopefully it'll come
through and I actually have like a vlog
from when I was last in New York filming
and like my thoughts and reactions at
the time but yeah it was incredible to
see on TV it was just like really cool
and we watched it with Carly and from
Carly Bell and her boyfriend who were
both like super super nice and it was
really fun to watch it with them and
yeah that's it now we've been on a
midnight runs Dwayne Reed we have a
snack pack because everywhere it was
shut and the what's the call room
service has just stopped so we got some
snack that's when Reed I got a
protein-packed with some cheese and some
nuts and an egg and stuff and then I got
a berry smoothie thing and then I got
some strawberries
and then I've got some mints for
tomorrow I stink
where'd you get nut hella on the go and
I got well did you get apple juice juice
and I got a Batman a Batman who's that
for
for me past my spike who's told you bite
we'd bring him a present this is America
there we go we've got them a Batman from
Duane Reade it's so glamorous we will
see you guys tomorrow
we've had a really awesome evening and
it's all because of you because you're
so awesome I'm joy is a new addition
