good morning guys it's lovers day 18 and
today I'm joined by Holly it's a new
addition to New York as is Becky who was
in LA last week so you know now we're in
the freezing but you'll have to clean
your face maybe a nose
we are in New York Mike's here as well
dealing with us three blonde line says
you loving it he's a lucky man so we've
actually come down this morning to the
9/11 memorial which I'm really really
interested to see it's not fully open
yet the museum is an open yeah but the
like parking
Memorial Park ro which is interesting my
friend actually came a month or so ago
and said it's all set money must go and
see it so I've been down here before
before all that opens but yeah I'm
interested to see it obviously it's
quite a sad emotional thing see but I'll
show you guys a little bit I'm not gonna
like properly vlog in there because I
think it's really disrespectful but I'll
definitely show you some of the stuff
limiting so another guy waving at me
thinking I'm filming the other way
brains
so we went to the memorial and it was
actually incredible really really
emotional I thought it was a perfect way
I just thought it was done really really
well and I thought the design was just
absolutely stunning as you guys would
have seen so now we are in Soho we're
going for a coffee and a little bit of a
mosey around you all right very special
it's got a little bit of motion to the
roast little chubby she's in touch with
her emotions in the gift shop in the
gift shop yeah
it was amazing then it was actually and
like I was saying on the way like even
though obviously it's so sad it's
amazing that it's brought so many people
together there my people found
remembered that way and that they've got
that there you
see ya amazing I thought it was really
very very well done and I'm glad we went
so now we're in Soho it's looking really
nice and Christmassy in Soho and it is
something it's still freaking cold
actually a real person doing yoga in the
lemon with her boots and calling out or
could they were in converse on the hunt
for shoes for Mike because his current
shoes wear encourages their pretty
scruffy being excited by new converses
if I get the ones I want them each one's
a cool they're like all leather and this
is appropriate for the snow even though
the snows finish now and we may have
just made a sneaky little trip to
support woodsy haha here's the
comparison what is your verdict
on a side note I love my coat I bought
it from Christmas last year and I think
it's badass
you like the red ones I think they look
cool they do have brown ones in that
style but they don't have Mike's eyes do
you think we should go on a hunt for
them what do you want red
that's a face that he makes when he
wants to buy something apparently Mike
has something to show us all they also
come with a sleeping bag they come with
the sleeping right that means they're
expensive Oh guys spending the day with
these two girls I just wanted to point
something out which one is which which
word is which yeah same leg a very
similar light-colored scar the same
shopping bag looking good ladies Mike's
gone into Jack's paid I think he's
having a man moment he's going crazy
with a chomping today Lisa uses a sale
on them just like that's like Beauty and
the Beast hello
so we've had a lovely afternoon you know
we're now headed to dinner I booked a
restaurant called the Dutch in Soho
which apparently is gonna be really good
we're just approaching in that hour a
little bit early so I hope you may have
a bar but it is freaking cold I forgot
to pack gloves on this trip and my
fingers are like
frozen like you doing something silly in
the background naughty monkey this is
the restaurant anyway and it has big
meats on the outside it looks cool yeah
it's got about our ladies so this is the
restaurant guys it is freaking gorgeous
in here look at the Christmas at four
and nothing yet it's like why you I
don't think they'll let you better back
room they come through my god guys I was
so hungry I forgot to vlog and it's so
delicious the food is right I got
oysters and clams and this awesome
squash and kale and quinoa salad thing
might got an amazing steak what's in
there what's the rice called again spicy
rice it's like fried with kimchi Becky
got the same thing we good we got a lot
of polygons I've got team yeah funny
kids so I'm just making the cheese
because it had cheese on it and she's
allergic to the cheese
but they're really nice the way to wait
us out here are super nice he even has a
Christmas hat on Museum over but
Christmas how amazing and yeah having a
nice glass of wine and it's a rather
delight with me we want some chai tea
latte and some other thing we had the
best - really Darjeeling we just had the
world's tastiest apple pie which has a
bit demonic it's so good and then I
stole a lot of my stuff so we're back in
the hotel and I'm dying in the food coma
right now of a food coma we had such an
awesome massive meal I was taking all my
makeup off so I might have him scar like
smeared down my face
if I do I'm so full I can't even
function it was so awesome the
restaurant was freaking awesome
and the food was great oh definitely
it was insane in the membrane I would
definitely recommend it and Mike's
folding up clothes ready to pack in two
days time talking of days time guys
you know it's seven more sleeps till
Christmas and by the time you watch this
it will only be six more sleep so
Christmas excitement overload I'll see
you guys tomorrow for vlogmas day 19 a
movie on Project Runway tomorrow oh my
freaking God I can't even believe it I'm
a bit nervous actually yes
Oh
it's
coming straight down in our faces
