morning good morning it's flown first
day 17 and today we're in New York Mike
is wrapping up I am wrapping up I'm
wearing a very bizarre outfit Mike you
look nice though
for some reason we did not pack up
remotely for me no I didn't you didn't
either I packed a look at this a little
bit but I'm not wearing hi Lululemon
hoodie because I literally have no clean
warm clothes but anyway who gives a
monkey's about what we're wearing it's
snowing outside guys hello New York in
the snow it is officially Christmas it's
freezing cold and it's snowing and it's
awesome coffee and it's time for a cup
of coffee cup of coffee that was stupid
accent a cup of coffee let's go in the
snow
no first of all of you no you better not
my coffee just went over my hand oh yes
it's pretty you know like Safeway but we
are at Columbus Circle this won't look
so right now wait for it to adjust and
we weren't planning on like walking
Fifth Avenue having a little bit of a
wonder but it's kind of like my face all
over it's kind of insane actually when
you're Shelton it's not too bad it's
just when you're walking it against the
snow it's like a blast in the face
so we've escaped the snow we're in the
Time Warner Center just off Columbus
Circle and I want to show you the lights
because they are freakin awesome and
they change color like every couple of
minutes
I'm hoping you might witness a change
now we get our thing and it's blue and
it's perfectly blue awesome I want these
in my house although it's not they would
go but they are so pretty Santa had too
many eggnog skies in this no it's
actually not as blizzardy anymore so
it's coming straight down not in our
faces so we're working to Fifth Avenue
which is only like few blocks away but
it's taking us a while because they'll
just because we are selectively lining
in this lucky we came prepared last
round we did not come prepare look at
this guys magical candy cane lights only
in America it's awesome look at the
trees too you look super cool up there
snowy so we've stopped for a cheeky
little ones and because Mike and I are
weird Mike's having this chalk
and it's a cup of tea and I'm having
clam chowder crab chowder and iced tea
which I already here we are in the
demand section of Saks Fifth Avenue
observing the native Mike in his natural
habitat he's hosting for bells that is
horrendous you're not allowed that look
at this Mike so many bells you've been
searching for a bell for ages haven't
you no maybe maybe 20% off hey guys so
we've just got back to hope our G
tripped over something my boot
we've just got back to our hotel room
and switch some lights on so you can see
my ugly mug and I've just put up the
video from yesterday announcing that I'm
gonna be on Project Runway and the
reaction has been so nice it's honestly
like oh it just makes me so happy I'm so
excited for it I can't even tell you
guys I've also had a lot of questions
actually asking if and when it's gonna
air in the UK I actually don't know at
the moment but what I'm gonna do is try
my best to find out and I will let you
guys know I'm it won't air at the same
time in the UK but I'll find out if it's
going to or if not if there'll be some
way of seeing it online because
obviously I'm from the UK I want my
followers from the UK to be able to see
it as well but if you are based in the
states it's Thursday night on lifetime
at 9 p.m. Eastern Time 8 p.m. Central
Time confuses me greatly because in
England we just have one time Mike's
here what are you doing playing
championship manager possibly this is
like my pet peeve of Mike's oh we went
shopping today surprise surprise and
bought a few things but I wanted to show
you something that I'm very very excited
about we actually got some really
amazing bargains in sacks for Christmas
presents but the one thing I wanted to
show you is from Henri Bendel my
favoritest job in the world and it
wasn't a box but it's fallen out of
course and it's still alive if you guys
watched my blog
was last year you might remember
actually I don't know if I don't think
I've locked it I put it in some kind of
video anyway I got one of these last
year from Henry Bendel that had a
Christmas tree inside it and this year
I've got another one with a doggie
inside it it is a Henry Bendel snow cone
snow cones nope not a snow cone it has a
doggie inside it with a Christmas jumper
on and he's carrying henry bendel bag in
his mouth and my camera's re rubbish at
focusing but this is going on our
Christmas tree which doesn't exist at
the moment but it will do when we get
home so that is my most exciting
purchase of the day I also might have
purchased something to wear on Thursday
night to the project run reviewing party
which I am rather excited about but I
think I'm gonna film and get ready with
me video and try and get it up that
night if that's possible it might not be
possible but I might be able to get up
on Friday morning I'm trying to think in
terms of like I'll have to get ready at
like lunch time and then film and then
it depends on the internet connection
basically so I can definitely edit it
and export it in time it's just whether
or not it will be able to upload anyway
we're gonna go for sushi in a minute and
I'm guessing we'll take you guys with us
cuz you just follow us around everywhere
like a bad smell
I have this great cell right which is on
a cucumber hi
and recently cucumber juice with some
kind of alcohol and honey it's really
really good it's really refreshing it's
like not sweet but really good my
husband and it's super noisy in here
because there's a group of a small bear
very large man it's super super noisy
makers as a group of hydraulic business
went down there if you can see them it's
very loud
have some Sunni sushi and a spicy tuna
roll my favorite and mike has family
backing Casey looking good
what did you just say the rest is wrong
no no what I say the restaurant do you
tell the tell every white that's not
Mike said I think there's a big very
next door I said no there's definitely
not I think very next that I would have
seen it but then we walk up a little bit
not the nails sign the next one
I bet it's shutting all right we're now
eating Pinkberry in - two conditions
it's so good we discovered the new
cookies and cream flavor yes we did
so we're back in the hotel remember
watching TV chilling the hell out which
is freaking awesome because we haven't
really done that a week and it's just
nice to relax we have been go go go like
seeing people and having fun and yeah
we're just having a nice night in
together which is delightful and also I
was gonna say something else I forgot
I've got the driest lips in the world it
sucks
we're waiting for Becky and Holly to
arrive as well because they arrived
tonight and then we are reunited with
the Becks monster and her little sister
you love her really sometimes a little
bit but yeah we're not sure what to
watch on TV making Barnacle could be a
trend for next year this challenge is
definitely tough but Lara seems easy
going and
so I'm really excited in all-new Project
Runway all-stars Thursday at 9:00 on
lifetime
