morning guys it's vlogmas day 15 it's
Sunday today and today we are headed to
Venice Beach to meet up with Phil for
breakfast before he heads back up north
San Francisco we are going to this place
called at the firehouse apparently it's
like an old fire station and according
to Phil Keoghan 'is there so if we need
any other reason to go somewhere whole
koga needs that come on which is it's a
must must see I'll say last morning that
last day in LA today so we are enjoying
the sunshine before we hit the apparent
Blizzard that is going on an eel or in
the firehouse when these guys and Philip
has a small sausage
my snakes in a bowl I got a nice omelet
which has let me show you guys inside Oh
tasty sasha has Benedict X - Lauren that
looks really good to eat and this looks
tasty
you like the firehouse do you know any
history of the firehouse use what I move
I came to back to America the first
night this was like our place of art
this is our fight our way through
working like 100 hour weeks and there's
no point going home to get those like
two hours of sleep at night so we just
came here party so we had to go back to
work so now we're back for breakfast
okay hey guys so it's actually the next
day now I came to edit this vlog and I
realized a piece of footage didn't
record so in this moment here pretend
that I'm saying that we have a little
bit of time to kill in between breakfast
and heading over to ingress for brunch
so we stopped off at the mall in hunt of
the NYX butter glosses because there are
only like three altars in LA and one of
them was on the way to English place
from where we were so we stopped off and
commenced the blogging we found them
guys they have every single color and
they buy 150 because I know but or buy
one get one set up I don't know if even
LD card for this either way I'm gonna
get we found this speciality bath
section it's no ordinary Bart's
especially a lousy bath so we have the
most amazing lunch slash it was meant to
be brunch actually but ended up turning
out to be lunch Ingrid
it was incredible she cooked like
awesome food and now I'm back in the
hotel I actually totally crashed out
when I got back we've had the busiest
week and we had just haven't really
stopped in terms of relaxing so I just
had about like half an hour nap and then
I am currently trying to pack which is
not fun we fly at 8 o'clock tomorrow
morning and we're headed to a party at
tonight we should be really cool I'm
excited to go but I'm not looking
forward to packing all the stuff because
I've started like fold everything up
and I have like my warm wear the stuff
ready I have my hat and my scarf and my
jumper I actually bought this Christmas
jumper when I was here so I'm kind of
thinking that I'm going to be wearing
this tomorrow in the airport yeah it's
kind of awkward because it's really
really hot in LA so I don't really know
what um to wear because it will still be
really hot on the way to the airport
tomorrow so Mike's in the gym at the
moment and that is all that happened
that's happening I think before we go to
the party I really want song yes frozen
yogurt I don't know what we haven't had
any since we've been here normally Mike
and I eat tons of this stuff on my hair
but for some reason we haven't been so
hopefully that might be happening I am
quite peckish now I think it's about
half five that is all for the updates
also I wanted to show you guys this
amazing gift that tarsi and James got me
and I opened this early because I
already knew what it was they actually
ended up telling me what it was because
if you guys don't know I'm obsessed with
things this color and they knew if I saw
it in Sephora that I would buy it
because it's this amazing like triple
duochrome brush set with the same went
matching eyelash curlers and a kabuki
brush which oh my god I'm like obsessed
with them I can't stop staring at them
yeah so I open the money because they
came in like a big box as well and my
packing is tight but I want to show you
guys these because I am obsessed they're
from Sephora if anybody wants to know I
would thoroughly recommend them they're
actually super super soft and I think
they're synthetic as well so I'm really
really nice and that's it brushes I've
never had Sephora brush in stores I'm
excited look who I have on my bad
Becky has joined us they ready to go to
this party I'm very excited you know if
they're doing a secret santa thing and I
got you a Secret Santa because you
didn't have time to go you ready
actually got me one no I know I failed
and you failed I didn't get why I even
wrapped it up for you yeah you're ready
to go shit my setting it's a notepad in
the shape of a sausage dog and the lip
gloss you don't know who it's Robyn
don't tell anyone
this is Michael hello I am actually so
comfy on this bed and we were just
discussing that I don't know if you guys
have seen it but their shower you can
see when since my college alma to dance
away I'm like I call it the sassy shadow
straight and I said when did you feel
very uncomfortable if you were sharing
with a friend so that's the other side
so you can see maybe people in there you
put without their clothes on I've stated
the other end of the room did you
oh we're married now you know I feel
slightly sad that you're going but I
know that I'm you know you're yeah Becky
you only like 12 hours behind bill the
other day right I didn't pick them up in
the morning and I felt like sad cuz
every morning I can see you for
breakfast and I felt a little bit sad
you know when you felt sad
we were no matter we weren't no work
might mean very sighs
I'm underdressed
when you post a picture a little baby
yeah we're about to play a game hey guys
so we've just got back from the party it
was so fun we actually ended up staying
till midnight we've got to be out of the
hotel in eight hours and we are now
packing so this is the state of affairs
right now yeah we had such a fun night
it was so fun to hang out with kal-el
and Anthony and Nikki and Dan Joey was
there tarty and Becky were there and
Megan her brother who's really awesome
yeah loads of people that was really fun
and we got loads of cool gifts from
everybody because we played Secret Santa
I won this damn good advice book which
is actually like pretty funny I like
reading stuff like this I might read
this on the plane tomorrow and I also
got some scratch cards but we scratched
them out and I didn't want anything so
actually I got $5 but I get started to
collect because I don't know where to
collect it from so I got that and then I
got a card from kal-el and then this
really really gorgeous Sephora sparkly
makeup bag from color which has a few
little bits and bobs in it make up
things that she loves which is really
cool because I always love getting
recommended stuff and then I got this
Ferrari throw this is actually our
wedding gift from Nicky and Dan it's so
soft it's like a faux fur leopard
heathrow and honestly this site I may
sleep in it tonight and Nicky's like I
don't know how you're gonna fit in your
suitcase though I'm like I can wear it
on the plane it is like so so soft and
Mike have you got your book
Mike's other cute book of this trip Mike
in his Secret Santa got a what is it
much loved teddy bear book which is like
old teddy bears notes and pictures out
there it's really funny
let's pick page pick a page oh not one
is the frickin page is there a cute page
it's kind of a weird book it's cool
though it's a cool coffee table he's 43
years old and it's big Ted is his name
big Ted on that note big Ted it's time
to call it a night cuz I am freaking
tired and we gotta be up early tomorrow
and finish packing and check out all
that stuff but I hope you guys are
enjoying vlogmas and i will see you
tomorrow I'm good
we are now at the beach in Venice we
have come for a little chill on the
beach and then I think I'm gonna grab
some Mexican sushi according to Bill
used to live in this area so
