good morning guys it's vlogmas day 14
and mike is trying to park today it's
Saturday and we're going for brunch with
my friend Phillip who you guys may or
may not know he's been in some vlogs but
not recently and his girlfriend we are
going to a place called 26b chimes it's
freaking good they do like breakfast
pasta and she have these tea cups too
these teapots awesome we need to like do
a little demo it's not breeze yet I just
want to show you guys cuz it's that
awesome it doesn't have a so how we put
it on top and you press it down and it
comes out the bottom and fills up it's
so cool but they do leak a little bit
which isn't so cool
Hey
so we are now at the in Venice we have
come for a little chill on the beach and
then I think I'm gonna grab some Mexican
sushi according to Phil Hughes to live
in this area so apparently he knows a
really good Mexican twist sushi place
which sounds good to me
it is a freaking amazing day we're not
quite at the beach that was in the
parking lot but it is an absolutely
beautiful a look at these lions seagulls
you know when I was eating my beef
eating my beach eating my breakfast on
the beach and I was here in October I
was at one way and the seagull was like
right next to me I was trying to get my
food it was really scary
but yeah so really nice day I know your
arrogance died for me yeah they are
dying for me we've just been having a
nice chill on the beach I don't know
what's going on there
Phillip me and Mike are you guys okay
yeah that's that kissing it's all good I
can't see we got to go down this super
steep hill we're gonna get some drinks
are we gonna make it like burnt my arm
slightly as soon as you've been sunny
today we just spent look you can see our
shadows yeah let's make funny shapes I
can't do much apart from do this wait
dude
in my camera but you're holding my
senior slicing the sound is freezing
cold like I see I mean ha ha tour guide
for the day Philip is taking us down
Speedway are you gonna give us a little
history ok Speedway is really epic
street in la Santa Monica where Venice
Beach we're just the other day I was
playing GTA and I came down this alley
to lose 4 stars and I came down here was
made it out of
whore Morgan we also ordered these goats
cheese grapes grapes walnuts
try try five it looks like a fair
assessment
must we just come out to enjoy the
beautiful sunset late now we've just
been for a delicious dinner and we are
headed to a cinema
exciting we're going to see American
Muscle and we're in around one more /
cinema and
we're in LA I don't know where we are
what have you been doing this afternoon
well basically after we left you after
that lunch we went for a quick shot me
and Sasha me and Phil got called over to
her friends is like hey I'm doing this
like a mini indie film but do you want
to come and help out so those are yeah
they then said oh all right well they
can fill step in so it feels like yeah
so then we then went there Phil dressed
up as a werewolf Phil I came in as well
and then after Phil came in as a level I
was in the smoke so I was on the smoke
button you were the smoke assistant yeah
and then we then just went crazy
we filmed and then we've met up and now
we're going to cinema is that frozen
you'll get in this cinema you started a
rumor you started a vicious rumor I
think there's a good chance I think I
think because I was really naughty
learned I ordered a half pound of burger
which I died luckily use I knew I was
course for harder it was so big I felt
really did you eat it you eat the bun as
well yeah I know baby Thomas we
intolerant it was a mess
it was so nice so yeah yoga I'm having
alright you will carry off in the
wheelchair we're on our way home to the
hotel I'm not the lie may have had a
little highway to all right sat-nav lady
shut to you trap know where we're going
to be quiet in Sonora
um yeah had a little bit of a nap
towards the beginning of the film jet
lag is not good for watching movies and
then I woke up and didn't know what was
going on so what did he it's good film
but like it just wasn't it wasn't what I
expected
I expected it to be like I kind of it
expects everything
action-packed and constantly got going
like mega like do it like sort of
hustling people here I'd like can I just
constantly stuff going crazy and it was
just really slight slow and boring and
didn't there was a lot a lot of action a
lot of acting Christian Bale did a lot
of a Christian Bale the opening scene
was actually fantastic this burnt us it
was fantastic but apart from that it was
yeah it was pretty average
I'd say it's I'd say it's a DVD another
DVD movie whereas I don't have it yet
maybe that's all
so yeah we're on our way back now this
is what the streets of LA look like at
night it's pretty cool actually we've
had pretty good luck with the old green
lights I say that there's a red one up
there but yeah we are heading back and
tomorrow is our last day in LA of course
where it's crazy it's gone so quickly
and I feel like I haven't really slept
with the Christmas bushes shop there's
Christmas lies they say shop it's like
my dream Christmas lights tomorrow yeah
go shopping tomorrow we're going for
brunch at Ingrid's which is gonna be
cool and then we are catching up we're
catching up with PK and Sascha for
breakfast then we're going to Ingrid's
then we're gonna catch up with some old
friends then we're going to a partay in
evening exhales risks so yeah we have
another busy day tomorrow before we head
off don't know when we'll get a pack I
think we're gonna have to do that every
Monday morning a super early Monday
morning believe me I just throw
everything in the bag yeah so that is
what's happening anyway got bruising
yeah it's just going crazy I'm so tired
I fell out we'll get over need to sleep
for a week and then we'll miss Christmas
that would suck so anyway I'm going now
because I'm talking gibberish and it's
one o clock in the morning and I'll see
you all tomorrow
Oh see mix I mean know where we thought
our
