hey guys it is vlogmas day 13 I am here
with Tati and we are in a place called
the OC mix I don't even know what it was
called I noticed on the way it's kind of
like Fred Segal right there like loads
of little stores we look at but then
there's also food and tea it's so good
in there I wish it was lunchtime it's
not lunchtime yet but it smells like so
garlicky it's so good and there are
really cool shops Mike's been here
looking at this man shop and there's a
really cool jewelry shop over there
there's a home wares shop here clothing
shop there and a tea bar over there
which i think is we're back here you're
getting a bowler hat yeah I mean she's
not getting the Magic Man she kidding
there's also a sheep hey by the way are
you getting one of those for a deGrasse
so if I was real or two new tea shop
that makes tea
and I have a chai and it's really good
what darjeeling the reason the reason
why he ordered that is because the film
he doesn't normally like jasmine tea I
super mm engagement but you very ordered
it because of the film who this your
favorite film so we found the most
amazing interior shop it sells the
coolest things Becky what have you found
oh cool is it super expensive $625 oh my
god Mike found this book it's a whole
book of underwater dogs just gonna be
amazed good entertain you on the plane
home and you're gonna be laughing out
loud too loud a lot of teapots of Exeter
there's lots of candles is beachy stuff
there's Christmas trees it's an awesome
shop I like it a lot but we have now
decided to make basically
and there's actually like separated by a
huge parking lot and a big road so
there's a mall on that site and there's
a wall on that side and it basically
Mike's own personal heaven
I mean I'm so much to this holiday and
I'm looking it sure this is a bit
awkward I'm looking for a good pair I
know and the owners kind of pilot slowly
America like not big pants I basically
sound like you know him like yeah the
color cause I love like bright I'm
really eight today and I just prefer
another if you think you're good today
straight out I'm fine
I'm making me carry them yeah well make
mine carry all right and you can add one
before in my life well you know another
$8 it's a bargain so we just found an
insane sale in heart Geiger redonkulous
amount of Christmas presents and
packaging it's the people I know I'm not
gonna show you too much in case someone
who shouldn't but we also discovered a
nice shop no I mean I can spell many
ways how many different types of knives
can you sell look at that like so zombie
people for that the girl signs some
videos do not feed the zombies if there
was a zombie apocalypse guys we would
come here oh these
having been argument were involved oh
sweet
he don't move and I keep sitting beside
everyone with three weeks they're all $8
we played a trick on me
for me cookie and just as he was about
to give it to me but the entire cookie
in his mouth it's already and now he's
big mean and telling me that it studied
tomorrow it is not today tomorrow maybe
I found him hiding is hilarious I think
I think use some candles in this room
quite a lot of candles and they're all
eight dollars how many of those nearby I
don't have anything yet we've stopped
off for dinner at a place called Xavier
and people beat and it's written I made
today just to clarify to anyone who is
in English we don't have good Mexican do
we have good Mexican anywhere there are
certain people that live in England so
we don't have good Mexican food
really we just have already quite a few
mentions but they just haven't played in
many restaurants maybe but it's not like
California which is like known for
Mexican food because it's certainly
Scott there
it is awesome in here and I'm not gonna
lie I'm not ordering much food because I
have my own con salsa well Mike can have
some but not really margarita time
cheers everybody
I got some sardines I'm not gonna lie it
could not handle the spice selves that
Mike doesn't like sour either because I
this is my second Bowl that I've had to
myself really have makes good I've got a
fish on let's compare Verona
makes you feel like you drink Corona at
home at all I got a strawberry margarita
tardy darkness robbery
makeup really similar to what it is it's
just not the same the food has arrived
guys I got shrimp salad because I ate so
many chips and salsa that I can't eat a
proper meal
Mike got enchiladas with chicken yes
they look really delicious you're gonna
try one we'll try a bite
delicious
winner winner chicken dinner but yeah I
got a salad oh wow tequila I don't know
it looks freaking awesome it's like it's
like the Church of tequila
hey guys so we've just got home back to
the hotel room is only quarters ten but
I'm so exhausted my eyes are like so red
but on the plus side today I've actually
felt awake like all day so I feel like
tomorrow might be the first day that we
actually beat jetlag Mike is here
feeling better now not cause it'll he's
not better
Mexican is crazy I would just feel so
like overwhelmed where we did some
shopping okay here's some baggy bags
still the best purchase that underwater
dog just lets go I'm gonna pick a random
page the whole book is just freaking
hilarious guys if you need a last minute
like stocking throw something a gift for
something the perfect gift for that oh
my god don't you say hey excuse me
no it's the perfect gift what have you
said to the guys all who met today what
we saw we met the cutest sausage dog in
the world I want one so bad squid she
would kill with it yeah if you want if
you need like a perfect gift for
somebody who has everything and who
loves dogs it's just so good and then
what else was there there was an amazing
sailing cut guide yeah I got a couple of
gifts that's my phone just ran out of
battery they're an amazing my camera
even so now I'm filming on my phone they
had an amazing sailing Kurt Geiger which
is weird because coke eyes is massive in
England and tiny in the States
like only just come out this year or
last year but they had this most amazing
sale on all the handbags stuff so I got
a couple of gifts there
Mike bought himself a ridiculously
expensive razor which I was not happy
about and then they had a sale on in
Bath and Body Works which they're all of
their candles were eight dollars which
was amazing I ended up getting one but I
did get some fluffy sighs yeah oh my god
Becky it think tarty got like ten or
something and the heels it if I lived in
the States audible like $58.00 kids me
you like like Jo Malone comes whatever
50 hey dollars is like less than five
the best can no they don't actually the
ones with those they burn down really
quickly but they kick off so much scent
yeah because the whole house smells not
six miles away don't be silly
we're gonna go to bed now even though
it's only 10 o'clock I'm so tired
we can watch a movie but really look at
my eyes look at my eyes guys they are
not awake eyes right okay we'll see you
guys tomorrow and yeah Phil's coming to
LA which is super exciting he's driven
driven he's driven down from San Cisco
especially so we're super soon I'm too
tired
might got french toast
