hi guys it's vlogmas day 11 today we
have found the Christmas only radio
station in the car
only in America would this happen the
American language yeah I know what you
want to say them and it was related to
what's that film Team America yeah
America beep yeah duck yeah coming again
to save the mother okay yeah mother
ducking day the mother ducking day okay
guys on this mother ducking day we have
to sweet oh I'm pretty sure there's no
like censorship for our videos because
know there's not but I don't want to
swear because it's rude um so today we
are off to Beverly Hills as a song for
everything today is analogous tis we're
going shopping with L party and Becky
and me and so I just crash into the car
in front so we don't have to like do
anything for rest of the day
yeah maybe no don't be as well so we're
going for breakfast at Cooper cafe which
does the best coffee in the world a Mini
Cooper cafe no it's not a Mini Cooper
it's a cool pack with a name not a
Cooper after 400 yards keep right Mike
thank you be right then stay in the
right lane
no the right lane guys look at this
cousin's house they have a zoo in their
back garden
they're not real animals but there's a
matter on the giraffe well the hell is
that about
crazy crazy people of Beverly Hills food
is here guys check out my huge omelet
and Ellis here and Becky is here and
tarsiers ill
which she likes initially as I was
saying she's taking a day out so cuz
we're gonna be going to Disney tomorrow
so hopefully she'll be better for that
be better in bed yeah I just got a text
message interesting if it was time to no
it's actually I think she might come for
dinner tonight do you think Tyler wants
to know if she's found out oh so yeah
we're gonna eat this now and I will see
you later
so Becky is empty heaven
we've called was an American TV is
American to you it basically I'm really
excited but I think this is really
exciting with the whole trip yesterday I
ran I ran install this team guys they
have like every single kind of team ever
and L Micra talking about tea
and we're talking about tea and trying
to you and they have biscuits and tea
and just every single kind of tea they
also have blood orange marmalade I
really want to get they have a brioche
flavored tea I know it's which is like a
signature one apparently and it smells I
can't decide you're gonna buy some to
you and I'm getting this but this is
weird though because it's closed up side
but then look when you just crazy
something's a drink yeah it's like it
says hello we've been shopping and it
wasn't incredibly successful we bought
some tea Mike bought a shirt and that's
about it but we have come to Lululemon
because I find I've had so many good
things about it I'm like guys I'm gonna
bite the bullet and vice and really
expensive gym gear
maybe apparently it's really tight for
that you could be in lycra Mike full
lycra or maybe like that underwear there
yeah that would sue Mike are you trying
things on my you didn't see this because
you look how many things you strike out
rude Mike's got his name on the door and
look who's next door it's me I have
smiley face you know how much my face on
your door that's cuz you need to smile
that's what it's telling man that's a
nice jacket looks like a ski jacket we
just spent entirely way too much money
in Lululemon well my organize it yes you
did
Michael was my gold more than me and he
was trying to bury two things of it same
thing Olivia so we have lost at all we
are minus one in the shopping team
because she had to go it's cooling down
that's right it was I think this is very
warm it's a nice temperature now it was
way too hot earlier yeah way too hot and
we stopped her for a refreshing
Starbucks great look at those festive
love those let's go one oh I've got
something sticking it into my shoulder
from this jumper I've got on it I so
meet she I like it too but it man
there's something so itchy and I keep on
me like just the industry's man-hunting
yeah love it love it so festive I've
found my Christmas present finally
something I think you'll really really
love just like perfect I think he looks
so hot
what do you guys think yes yes our
numbers are dwindling it's now just me
and Mike
Becky's gone to have a coffee meeting
we're actually just gonna get the car
and then go pick her up but it's super
Christmasy right now on Rodeo Drive and
I wanted to show you behind me as you
can see is the Beverly Wilshire the
pretty woman hotel all lit up for
Christmas how awesome is that and that's
really a drive down there all the time
looking really nice but up here looks so
awesome and there's a beautiful
Christmas tree up here as well if you
have a look because these tacky white
reindeer which kind of make an
interesting statement but apart from
that
and all of this stuff up the stairs I
love and then there's a big pretty
Christmas tree
almost like it's Christmas Christmas
what are you to explain the outfit
choices it's a little chilly and we
forgot to bring our coats
so we've resorted to actually wearing
Mike's workout gear that he bought today
so mike has his relay on and I have his
jacket on he bought it's actually pretty
warm I like it I'm liking it a lot
anyway the tree the second like big fat
tree and look it's really quickly down
here we are going I like the little
bubbles on the lab poster we are going
to pick up the car now and then we know
what's going on there so I was shouting
about something and then we are going to
pick up Becky and Dan we're hearing out
off the dinner at someone called rock
sugar which actually went to last I was
in LA with Elle we went there for lunch
and I wasn't really that hungry so I'm
excited to go there tonight so I'm
pretty hungry and we haven't really got
anything - no we bought some workout
gear and some tea a lot of is yours so
we bought some workout gear and some tea
and a Christmas present for Mike's mom
which we're excited about and then oh
yeah she might watch this yeah so we're
not gonna tell you what we bought her
cuz she might watch this but yeah I want
these boots that I saw and blue many
else yesterday but they didn't have in
my size but apparently they have them on
my size in the Century City one so we're
gonna look in there before we go for
dinner because it's only half miles five
right now and five we're having dinner
at 7:30 so we still had a bit of time
caught it's a sixer is it it's quarter
to 6:00 was 15 minutes out so yes off we
trot this is where we're going for
dinner guys it's called rock sugar
and it looks dark and inviting oh yes it
does it's coconut Mohito time oh yeah me
and Becky are rocking the coconut
mijitos tarty and James have joined us
how we feeling
we're happy to have her back we missed
you today we missed you it was sad time
we've eaten most of our appetizers
already but we had some really delicious
maybe it was squid but whatever it was
it was we're not behind that was really
good
Ben he fights
he has some flatbread with some meats I
would feel it now we have some spareribs
but they got and they were they were the
best dumplings you know brought dumping
today were really good as well it's good
so far trim or bronze if you're English
oh yeah so when my concept is super dry
some guy following us more
so he's still following
he's pretty not to wait yeah my looks
like wait my contact lenses are so dry I
just felt like shutting my eyes right
now everyone else is following us that
was really good
the service in there was great the food
great idea you had bear pad thai and
mike is such a nice husband he's given
me his hoodie because it's cold outside
you're amazeballs today we're going to
Disney tomorrow we'll see you there
Papi's here you guys know
