good morning guys welcome to my April is
fast April today I'm getting voguing
this month and it today it's five
o'clock in the morning fresh 20 plus 5
which has shot up I woke up I might put
you down on here again um and I'm
getting ready in the same room um
because Mike is asleep I'm going to the
airport to go to Japan today very very
excited numbers that there Lakeville
because my car is on its way
a little bit late leaving because the
driver got lost and he didn't have any
signal so I couldn't even bring him but
managed to find them 20 minutes let's go
to the airport I made it the Apple
scheduled first flight to Frankfurt
currently downloading this to listen to
Thomas language a microphone
recommendation goes it's s town which is
related to cereal in some way murder
mystery podcast any of you listen to it
is it good
I guess we'll find out now so just as
we're about to take off guys Sun comes
out typical also pick this up in the
effort which is Carrie hope Fletcher a
new book on the other side sounds kind
of cool I don't normally like romance
novels but I have a little bit of like
supernatural kind of vibe to it excited
to that also we made it onto our
connecting life you guys can see Lucy's
by me baby come on I've already done it
and I look like a nice greasy person
that's all good I thought it would talk
you through my little routine I just did
I took my makeup off with the estee
lauder double wear wiped you actually
really like packaging is very bling as
well the ordinary advance retinoid 2%
which is amazing and there hyaluronic
acid to standard which is also amazing
The Rock O'Neil therapy facial spray
this little bad boy which is the Laneige
bright renew capsule sleeping mask
because weirdly enough it is an
overnight flight and then my zelans eye
cream
beautiful I just got my breakfast
London Osaka guys and you know you're in
Japan when there is a giant blow-up
Pikachu in the airport hilarious so we
can't take into our hotel into like 3
p.m. minutes currently 10 a.m. after a
couple of hours sleep on the flight
we're now in a Japanese drugstore look
at everything to the lashes everything
so cute there's so many lip balm one-day
tattoo eyeliners how are you sleeping I
want to buy so much so they have
Maybelline guides but it does not look
like our Maybelline check out that crazy
packaging I don't know if we have this
mascara either lash and Easter Alysha
is what you need guys the flat skin
maker and going for it getting all the
crazies Japanese beautiful oh this is
where it's at guys the match and Kit Kat
are the bomb going in the basket
we found a Japanese pet shop that has
interesting look exactly looks like
dried tuna I mean lucky lucky dogs look
at me right an anti-aging spray and
deodorizing I really needed a
deodorizing one lot about anti-aging
because this is like the main free and
aisaka where will the shops and stuff
off guys like was like a big shopping
center here
and it's super sunny apparently this
sign as well is super famous I'm not
entirely sure why but there he is such a
beautiful day here's our blue skies
look at these guys looks to be dried
octopus not so sure about that
so we've managed to check into our hotel
room earlier which is an absolute
lifesaver because I'm so tired right now
it's only half past one but it's like
the middle of night it's the middle of
the night in England and I just yeah the
jetlag is starting to hit me in a big
way we just grab some lunch but I wanted
to show you guys the view out of this
window because it isn't in the same how
awesome is that we're on the
twenty-fifth floor and you've got this
feel right over Osaka and it's just blue
skies beautiful this room is so cute as
well it's really small like the bed is
right by the windows I'm stood on the
bed now and then this is the room got my
suitcases everywhere and then here is a
little bathroom and movies at the door
so I'm fighting this news guys I'm
trying really hard not to fall asleep
right now I might have a little bit of a
nap because we took off at like maybe
like 12:30 Frankfurt time and then we
landed 13 hours like we landed at 7:45
or something like that in the morning
here I did sleep I got like seven or
eight hours sleep on the plane
as she was really productive managed to
do like two blog posts and finish off
two videos and send a lot of emails
because there was Wi-Fi on the planes
that was awesome but now I just feel
totally delirious because we've
obviously been up for ages I also just
went into the Japanese drugstore as you
guys can see we ended up going to this
weird tax-free like tax saving drug
store which I didn't realize you had
like given your passport and they like
staple the thing in your passport and
then they seal it up so you can't go in
it but I got so desperate because I
bought some of the UM matcha kit kats I
like snuck a hole in the bag and ate
some of the matcha Kit Kats guys let's
hope they don't notice that custom I
might get charged the extra four
tax on my kit kats which i think would
be something ridiculous like about 10 P
but yeah I've got some good stuff
actually I'm going to do a whole video I
think so I've got loads of beauty stuff
see I'm going to have a little map and
then go out and explore a bit more so I
finally dragged myself out of bed from
my nap seriously I was gonna sleep for
like two hours I actually feel a lot
better and the getting ready to go and
have a little explore surface and make
fall I'm spending my hair and then I've
got change as well cuz I want to shoot
look but whilst I'm here so I've got
different outfit on and the Sun is still
shining it's actually starting to go
down Alex so beautiful so and we get out
here come on guys jet lag is not going
to see me today
so we found this little department store
and they have the cutest things in here
all really expensive but we're having a
nice window shop so this is by the canal
at night
the same side but Lissa definitely comes
alive and evening very cool so peeling
potatoes is one of my least favorite
jobs but if I had a Hello Kitty potato
peeler I think I might actually like
doing it goes so it just picked up my
second beauty drug straw of the day and
went out getting lost in a crazy maze of
Japanese shopping center and I'm loving
it it's so busy as well it's like seven
o'clock on a Sunday and they're still
saving here but what is this place let's
go in here so we found a sushi place
where there is zero English anywhere but
we managed to order this which I think
we may have ordered just a little bit
but I'm kind of happy about it because
I'm so angry
so we're just walking back to the hotel
and I'm so full right now because Lucy
only eats salmon tuna
we basically ordered like the massive
shiri selections and a load of sushi and
then I had to eat all of it a few more
times she tried something you know what
I only I don't judge people like if they
try it when we try it okay I tried
something specifically and she had one
bite but yeah I respect that it's Mike
is ever like super fuzzy and it like I I
hate it I'm not trying it I'm like well
I just have no respect me right now to
this you try it and hate it that is fine
yeah we are now on our way back our
hotel is the funny slanty one up there
this is like the main street in osaka
where all the fancy shops are actually
getting pretty cold nose super nice and
sunny earlier i've been such a fun
evening it's so busy as well this
streets on that when we put down that
our little shop will the little shops
are it's like nine o'clock on a Sunday
night and they're still like still DRAM
to people guys this is what it looks
like when you FaceTime Mike he puts you
on top of a car so that you're looking
at the garage roof are you where are you
I miss you okay where are you taking
that bike Oh will you drive carefully
you better go extra slow Donal I am
going on good this is a very great view
now of Mike's neck also really good
angular make sure that they have a
double chest we're calling him back to
see Peggy he's gonna pick up now hello
is anybody there et phone home where is
she then oh she's bottling somewhere now
what secondary zhis some of the odd
things to do got lunch to get you
piggy-wiggy happy we doing Oh guys
piggy gorgeous rubbish they never react
in my face time currently trying to
airdrop the outfit photos that we took
earlier today here's a little sneak peek
if you guys can see I was super foods
and we got outed just when the Sun was
that the best time yeah
so that is it for my first day of April
vlog and also my first day in Japan
ended up being a two and one because
basically I lost eight hours and we like
flew overnight when it wasn't actually
night so yeah we basically lost today
but it's been a two and one I hope you
guys enjoyed a little sneak peek into
the first day tomorrow's very exciting
I'm actually as I think I said to you
guys om here's Panasonic and tomorrow
we're going on a tour around their
Factory which I am really excited about
because I love gadgety stuff like that
like I seriously one of my favorite
programs is how it's made so I'm really
excited for that and yeah I have
actually introduce you to that other
other girls and we're either I'm with
Claire from I am sure ket and Chloe who
works at Look magazine and then
obviously Lucy who works with me as here
as well so yeah I'm looking forward to
tomorrow it's been a really fun like
first day really tiring
I might actually don't feel really tired
now I feel like wide-awake I think I'm
gonna take a few things that otherwise
no way I'm going to sleep and it's now
10 o'clock and I've gotta be up at 6:00
so I'm gonna take it soon that show that
was important wake up for 6 so yeah I'll
see you guys in the morning and that's
all for now bye
