good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 10 excuse me eating something I have
a cough drop in my mouth because I have
a sore throat today it is a beautiful
day in California and we are going out
for breakfast I'm taking Mike to earth
cafe last having enterthe cafe he wasn't
a happy bunny
because shocked he ordered lasagna and
didn't realize it was vegetarian lasagna
there's no point on the menu to this end
I'm a vegetarian I think it's like a
vegetarian place though that's probably
love me but it's good for breakfast
because they do serve it if it better be
good oh you're gonna be inside we're
going there for breakfast and then we
will see where the day takes us it's so
nice to like see some sunshine it's not
actually that warm today I'm wearing to
show you guys a bit of a mess and I tell
him now today I'm wearing my denim shirt
a scarf leggings and boots for this
morning but this afternoon I think we're
gonna go on a hike so we'll definitely
get changed for that I'm hungry let's go
look at that guys it's a beautiful day
does look like this in England right now
it's bubble tea time cheers everybody
so soil the breakfast not deny did it
they come out your melon know you like
melon
you eat it and I'll eat it like it I got
this which house lots of papers on it oh
yeah
so guys we I'm going to start with so
guys you know what I say so guys he's
not so so hi hi hi guys hi Shh ass cafe
was a success much better than last time
would you not agree much Tim proved
though you did panic me into a very
sharp decision which I didn't really
know what I was getting because we were
in there there was like a girl in front
of the cube was then a guy to our left
and then we were kind of in the middle
and then this girl came off was taking
orders but then Fleur went to the
council freaking crazy but we made it
through and it was freaking delicious
thing that I got wrong was and it's
purely my fault because I didn't know
how they cook it was there the egg just
I asked for them well-done because
normally when we've had them before at
the London when we ask them just
normally where are we going now where's
the center tickets no it's a bit of
shopping maybe just guys we've made a
little detour I just want to show you
this oh my god Mike you need this in
your life this is like the ultimate
Christmas jumper that can be worn at
other times apart from Christmas it has
a spaniel it has pheasants
it has countryside like what more could
you ask for in a jumper so Mike balance
of the bargain
one of you got there Oh Max and we
stopped for a tea break and they still
have the Maoris tea and coffee bean yes
can i just--can i have Michael the
biggest bargain ever heard a set of
courts and he is very happy good stuff I
have kept them in every color just get
them in like like a set of red cards
they would be festive Burgundy
as long as he oh my god we've found
something that Hannah needs on her weird
tree the furry wrap with a tutu rats on
the tree guess where we're going for
lunch guys
I believe this may be your choice Mike
in an out burger here we come baby
double double double oh yeah
then we head home okay guys so back in
the hotel room now and I didn't want to
do an outfit today but it's so dark or
an outfit of the evening considering I
did one this morning so we're gonna try
and show you what's going on but it is
pretty dark this is my outfit if you can
see it might be easier for my whole
camera
okay excuse thanks okay do we have more
light now
kind of yeah all right better I'm
wearing my AllSaints boots which I love
but now I'm more uncomfortable than I
can't really see them they are cool I
love them tights cuz it's actually
really cold at night skaters yes spangly
top from zara which is my fave my
leather jacket my Chanel bag and I was
it and I look super tired zombie-like
cuz I may or may not have had a sneaky
little nap evening you monkey I'm tired
and Mikey's wearing I'm wearing Mike's
gone in pharma tastic is without it this
evening looks very dapper
it doesn't your hair nice I love your
hair shirt from Ralph Lauren yes
jacket from j.crew great trousers from
Ralph Ren right belt from Abercrombie
correct and shoes from Cheney correct
yes I know you so well husband you let's
go eat some sushi
I need sushi no I'm actually really
excited because we're going out for
dinner with tarty James Nicki Dan Clell
and Nicky's for an hour who I've never
met before so I'm excited and we're
going to cut tsuya which is a super
fancy sushi restaurant array let's go
we're a bit late
how're you doing I'm good a new face
this is Albert we haven't met before no
but yeah we know each other but don't
know each other like each other
that's what YouTube's like waiting like
eyes I'm pretty much the only one that
has any food right now for some reason
we have like some appetizers to share
but then mine has come already hey guys
so I forgot to finish my vlog last night
vlogging fail I was super super tired
and hit the sack as soon as I got back
home so all back to hotel room but yeah
I had great day yesterday to explain
what I've just edited the vlog footage
together and didn't really make that
much sense we didn't end up going hiking
because I didn't feel very well as you
guys know I have a cold and they just
felt really tired and cold and not good
so we didn't go hopefully we'll get the
chance to go another day we have kind of
a busy schedule packed in but yeah
fingers crossed and tomorrow we're gonna
be doing a little bit more shopping in
Beverly Hills which I'm excited about
we're gonna be catching up with L and
tarty and Becky so Mike's coming on a
girly shopping trip it's gonna be funny
he's in bed right now watching stand by
me you know wave hello
see you guys
Christmas tree
