good morning guys welcome to vlogmas not
vlog kotoba you can film mike is filming
today we're in the airport it's too
early in the morning we are going to LA
today our flight is delayed so we're
having a nice giraffe do they sell drop
it I'm loving loving this because not
only do we have a scope and we have
sweet chilli this is like my breakfast
sorted I'm so tired can you tell I've
got three and a half hours last night
I'm getting what my videos ready this is
two videos going up we're on the plane
and I'm not gonna lie is this not the
coolest thing you have ever seen in your
entire life it is a miniature
heart-shaped Marmite amazing there's
something wrong with my camera focus you
suck mister camera you keep going in and
our focus breakfast has arrived I got a
super healthy egg white omelette and now
I'm slightly regressing it looking at
Mike's but this looks tasty avocados and
tomatoes
there's any butter on oh you have set an
egg army butter in three butter it looks
good though the salmon looks good oh
yeah look who found the snazzy new case
burns I actually really nice leather
case from Pipitone but by shots a bit
funny doesn't it say where each other
switch off oh that thing we are waiting
waiting waiting it's too late
the flight is delayed more than what I
forgive you I think the gate is open ask
opening so is she going
it's fine
we have a ride
we are in Yuna we are waiting for our
rental car shuttles go pick up our car
is this it Alamo
we are waiting and this is what it looks
like actually looks like it nice
and is a nice temperature actually yeah
which is always good
oh my god guys so we've just been
waiting in Hertz
hello Hertz if you ever watch this you
suck I hope we were waiting for an hour
and a half to pick up my car and then
they charged us like double the amount
that we paid for it in extra fees I'm
just so annoyed at them right now and
yeah this is a car isn't it snazzy
yeah that was a really miserable
experience and we have finally got the
car and we're gonna head off to the
hotel I quite fancy some kind of drink
it's now like 4:30 we were meant to land
at 1:00 and our flight was delayed as
well so it ended up just being this trip
it's been a lot longer than we expected
Oh Bert lease we've got a car now and it
has that rental car smell oh yes it does
are we ready to go captain yeah yeah
guess what guys we're in another queue
waiting to get out of the car park
fantastic start to the trip that's your
doing well I'm hungry
we have rented from these guys before
and they're really good but well today
today was now we're waiting and no one
appears to be moving it's people waiting
to you huh someone's moving there
holy moly so we've arrived at our hotel
thank goodness second time lucky with
the hotel room the first one stank of
cigarettes but they were super nice
without switching it oh my goodness
today has been a little bit of a pain in
the bottom but there's a siren as well
check out my snazzy surfer oh it's quite
small it's like it's bigger so forever
if you annoy me I'm gonna come sleep on
here and we have a casual server tan on
the table we are off for a semi early
dinner with tarty and James I'm feeling
it right now guys I'm feeling really
tired I almost didn't put any makeup on
but I settled for most I can't do that
otherwise I'll scare people so yeah
we're all fit in now we've come to the
groom for dinner and we're still in the
car we're about to park but Christmas
lights are great really great because
you get to the set of traffic you get to
the stop sign which is silly things
anyway you get to the stop sign this
mike has a zester you get the stuff size
ridiculous you get for the stop sign and
as you go to the stop sign it's a
massive zebra crossing and there's two
sever crossings but because it's just a
constant yeah it is a consular people I
am feeling so tired I'm delirious right
now so good all the pretty lies
so guys we've found the world's biggest
Christmas tree I know it's probably not
the world this is my gun show on topic
Oh can you go go stand in front of it
this is how big the tree is guys Mike
only just comes up to the top of it that
is insane this is what we're not telling
you guys Mike's actually three foot tall
yeah according to James
it actually takes two trees to make this
tree because they have to fill in the
branches to make it a big cone shape and
also apparently they die anyway when
they get this tool so don't feel too bad
for the tree I still feel bad for the
tree being cut down when they're that
big I think it looks awesome it's an
amazing lights as well with all the
trees
for the last five minutes of opening
time in half
at my that's fine
