good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day not eight I thought it was I've been
as eight I have a cold rubbish today is
today that we need to pack it is
currently about 8 o'clock in the morning
and I haven't packed
I don't like that I have a pack a single
thing so that's gonna happen and we have
to leave at about quarter to twelve so I
need to get everything done there's a
lot to do we're going to London actually
before we before we go tomorrow we're
not actually going today we're going
tomorrow because there are a few things
I need to return to some shops in London
and if I don't return before we leave
then I'll run out of time so we're doing
that and then we're going for an amazing
Sunday roast with my brother sister and
their families and yes that's what's
happening today look what we have here
guys crumpets
but breakfast my granny ate the other
two and he didn't cook me any so I've
gotta do my the world's smallest violin
is playing just for me didn't have
crumpets in America are they just an
English thing either way if you haven't
had comforts they are delicious
hello crumpets oh yeah so the clothes to
present ratio in my suitcase is
currently not looking very good
considering I still have to pack all of
this stuff yeah you got only space in
your case not oh someone is being a
distraction from pack if she wants
cuddles guids cu1 cuddles she's like
sitting right next to me oh I'm gonna
miss you little bear miss you so much
you're gorgeous you're gorgeous give
everybody a kiss wow the parking mission
is accomplished but the car mission is
something a little bit different this is
um what we've ended up with and yeah
it's taken quite a long time to get all
the luggage in there but we're off now
if this refers train journey and like
what four years yeah must be spiked I
used to the Train
he thinks it's a plane and therefore
decides to get a game just won the game
we've made it to London I see it's
showing us something he's taking Mike by
the hand
what is this beats a Christmas tree this
wasn't asking you did you do the
Christmas tree you put it up Wow okay is
that if I get my jumper size it spear
there chocolates on it yeah you eat
since I'm already yeah
were they delicious I don't think you
can reach that one have you have you
eaten all the ones down from the bottom
I love Hanna's Christmas tree she always
has crazy you be careful I did I always
do get here's the weird sheep from last
year hand is he allowed a chocolate
tomorrow wait wait till later
yawn later cuz we might be able to reach
it late if we grow a bit more is your
Christmas tree there bad one in the
world
Oh speed is your Christmas tree the best
Christmas tree in the world yeah forever
yeah I just I can find one more
mr. Shaye's be the chocolate modern stir
so we made a pit stop in Selfridges to
take something back and Mike just
invented word interpretated I like it I
like it language currently trying to
negotiate our way down the busiest
Regent Street in the world shopping in
London I'm glad we're not shopping today
the one day ever I'm glad we're not
shopping does it look like yeah based on
like the Christmas lights on Regent
Street because they always have like
advertisement of things in them at all
although actually they don't this year
they usually have like a film on
everything all minute round snowing in
the window oh look at that
oh snowed in my window
very hey what'd be good really who's
gonna win then
actually pumping out fake snow fake snow
hey you learn something new every day
learn where to shop next hey dumb yes
darling darling darling we're on our way
from America we stopped to get a year
throwing pen Halligan's for Mike's dad
and now we're a bit late but what's
going on this way this way we're going
to the Hawksmoor for a roast now Mike
and I went we went to the walks with my
birthday like two years ago or a year
and a half ago right yeah but it was a
different one and we've never been for
Sunday roast before apparently it's
amazing without me
you meanie well I've never had a Sunday
roast oh wow clubbing and super dry
today so yes that's what we're doing I'm
mighty hungry I'll show you our food
ie well swear just no longer available
she's still at home we said goodbye to
them and it made me so sad the food has
arrived guys I gotta stay oh yes
chilli broccoli and should be holidays
and bone marrow I can't help it I'm just
with homemade ketchup this is the rose
is this Mike bad we got macaroni cheese
it's not ignoring me it rubbed me today
someone got pudding you know for
I got coffee I couldn't fit anything
else in we made a quick pit stop for the
last five minutes of opening time in
Hamleys and Mike and Spike
heading downstairs Mike what are you
looking for the guns a certain point
you're gonna buy toys be look for
Christmas you guys don't know what
Hamleys is it's basically the biggest
toy shop in London so five minutes maybe
ambitious five minutes actually the
world's biggest kid I can see him aiming
for this section my holding behind what
I see there's a thing that goes
the PlayStation 4 I haven't been into
families any years but I used to come
down every Christmas and it's weird
being back in this mic having a trip
down memory lane right now how many of
these did you have my normal money I
have one set only 65 they also have this
really interesting flying Wow
right what is it
I love these things it's so good
do you like it's me we had a super fun
afternoon hanging out with my brother
and sister and their families and we
have now got back to my sister's place
and we beat them back even though they
got in a cab first our cab driver knew
the route to take on it I don't usually
that because it lights facing us okay
I feel really full of cold now ready for
the flight tomorrow
am I gonna sit next to you yeah I'm
gonna sneeze all over oh I feel poorly
it's your own fault I've got so much
editing to do tonight it's not my fault
it's peaceful
either it's at them no no no I'm gonna
call it a night for this vlog guys Oh
today call it a day well call it a night
because it's night time now we're
talking about half six well we'll see
you tomorrow and we're going to LA hey
we're going to we pizza or we're not
leasing it over here it's Martin
Christmas tree well I'm dad but you know
not if she likes that festive stuff it's
this is how it is
very big I'm very jealous mom we don't
