good morning guys and welcome to the
October day seventh day it's a little
bit later than I normally start my vlogs
it's currently midday and I have been
filming a video this morning my
background is set up behind me I've been
home helming I've been hill mning that
would be a new invention I have been
filming a whole video for the shopping
that I did yesterday so that will be up
on Monday and when it goes up I'm gonna
be flying in an aeroplane in the sky so
I am having ham what is it with the HS
today I'm having an H on everything I am
uploading it and setting it so that goes
live ready for Monday because I upload
on Mondays and Fridays on my main
channel and sometimes Wednesday's if I'm
feeling like I want to make more videos
so this morning I am heading off to run
a few errands we've got a couple of days
before we leave and I'm having to pick
up a few last-minute bits and bobs and
to be honest I have had a really small
amount of sleep for the last few days so
I'm just feeling super tired and I was
just editing the whole video that I just
filmed and I started to like fall asleep
so I'm gonna go and do those errands now
to kind of pick me up wake me up get me
outside and then I'll come back and
finish editing later so I am off and I
kind of need a coffee and guys today is
the day I can't believe I just didn't
mention that in that intro we're going
to see Hanson tonight all of my teenage
dreams are coming back true or not even
teenage all of my like age 9 dreams
seriously guys I loved Hanson so much
when I was a kid I'm so excited to see
them they're playing in Birmingham so
we're driving back to Birmingham a
suburban yesterday but the clothes show
so we're driving back to Birmingham to
see Hanson and I'm dragging Mike along I
don't think he's very excited about it
but that is the plan for today let's get
going guys so I've just pin Stevie Max
and got a few
things it wasn't as good as I'd hoped
Ashley and I'm now in home base several
places looking at paint because we're
hoping to repaint our hallway next
January or this January coming up so
yeah I'm not really sure I'm just gonna
get some brochures I think and then have
a look colors I don't really know what I
think I'm thinking like a stone color
but I don't know God painting we haven't
painted anything in the new house and
determined to get rid of that hideous
green in the black pool in the back away
as well I don't know what is up with my
speech today I can't speak properly but
yes that's what I'm doing so much paint
so I just made a quick detour to Costa
to get coffee and I wanted to show you
my coffee because it's kind of sad now
there yeah I really like that about
Costco they make it super cute we put
that in there very carefully and then
put glue back what I said but I also
found I had one of these last year and
actually bought one for my mom they are
syrup sets so the syrup that cost to
make their coffee with and they make
these little sets for like 500 $5.99 so
I got a couple of these for gifts
because I think they make really good
presents for people who like coffee well
obviously it wouldn't be good for people
who didn't like coffee they have black
currant honeycomb gingerbread toffee nut
and salted caramel and yeah this is
slightly different to the scent that I
got last year so I may have purchased a
sneaky one for me too
because I got super excited by the
toffee nut the caramel the honeycomb and
the black chrome because the only one
I've tried before is ginger bread so
yeah we're in the car on our way to
Hanson and look what we see in the
village look at this house that is
pretty awesome Santa and his little
train of goodies and a ringing Bell ding
dong we stopped off at mums on our way
to see Hanson because it's on the way to
Birmingham Birmingham for a second day
in a row mums giving me little festive
tour of what she is - she decorated the
house these are wedding
very nice mum dolls both they are just a
little
alik though really here's the other one
come here what else have you got
got some bodies called GLAAD poinsettias
I don't like them where the fireplace
looks epic it's also got a little
Christmas tree in the kitchen I say
little it's massive it's a big cone very
nice mum here it's mums Christmas tree
well I'm dads but you know mums because
she likes that festive stuff it's
ginormous this is how big it is very big
I'm very jealous mum we don't get a
Christmas tree for another two weeks
it's looking beautiful
you have nailed the Christmas
decorations this year well done Lukey
are you feeling very pleased with
yourself guys look at mums new friends
she's got three kings and I don't know
why the focus won't focus on them we
keep on going into focus and our focus
is really annoying but this is what they
look like anyway maybe if we go away and
then closer hello no no my camera just
doesn't like you King no it's stopping
for a little bit of dinner
the show tonight and stop to the
bullring if you guys have never gone
before it looks like a giant spaceship
inside it smells like curry
weirdly great wait girls like curry
himself just fine
surprise surprise so we're a
teensy-weensy bit early for Hanson so
we're coming for a little window shop
just an interesting shop the Selfridges
in Birmingham is awesome all the way and
then this is the top
 I managed to get a good show in the
stairwell but it doesn't look like a
station
swing takes us back to a great brother
company jeez
I'm not gonna lie it's not the coolest
ground that the handsome constant he's
dating me pretty cool oh my god it was
amazing they were amazing
yeah like seriously good but no I would
say late fifties at least he's like my
mom and dad's age he was on his own he
was going for it like new every single
word was freaking going for it and he
was literally like hands me yeah coming
shouting we're not many other people
were probably the most awkward thing
ever but it was hilarious he was loving
it
who's in love Annette but yeah so
awesome slightly much harder dream all
over again all over again freaking just
let's get in the car
hello puppies did you miss us
oh you've been on your own for a little
while I think tricky may have slumbered
on the lens then I hope not I'm trying
to look yeah she smudged it I have to
clean that I'll see you guys tomorrow
for vlogmas day 8 we are heading to
London tomorrow because we have a few
things to do but I'll tell you about
that tomorrow see you then guys
purge from the edge car is in fact
she's got mirror and she hasn't gonna
make them yeah you stole organized this
morning though Polly is here as well I
think
