hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 6
I'm super excited today it's quite early
it's quarter to nine I've been up since
6:00 editing and doing a few other
things
uploading sorting out my vlogs because
today I'm spending all day at the closer
live I'm so excited because I've never
ever been before and it's held in
Birmingham and I grew up in the Midlands
so it's kind of crazy that I've never
been like most girls either go on like
school trips and stuff I wish I'd got on
a school trip to close your life because
there's tons of shopping and things like
that so that's what I'm doing today I'm
meeting Becky and her sister Holly there
and as usual I'm running a little bit
late because I've gotta head over to my
mum's because I would leave some
packages with her to post because our
local post office is closed so I think
she's gonna go into town today hopefully
and be able to post some stuff for me
which will be good so I'm off and I
would take you guys with me look where I
am I'm literally perched on the edge of
Becky's car because in the back she's
got a mirror and she hasn't done a
makeup yet you so organised this morning
time Holly is here as well looking ultra
glamorous so it's freaking freezing in
the carpark okay I didn't think to bring
a big jacket because I'll have to like
lug it around so I bought a tiny one too
and it stripped my tights fail that's
not bad that's just a little a little
pill right a little and look what I've
got - the closer live actually you knew
that because I was in the car last night
I'm getting confused because I'm
actually doing two blogs today the
clothes show double
double the action action action on the
bed so the the clothes show TV YouTube
channel she asked me to do a vlog from
here as well today so I've been double
vlogging and if you guys want to see
that blog that we more of kind of what
is here and stuff just in the info bar
we did and if you want to see what we
ate that will be in the other vlog we
have lost Holly for the time being she
has facing this way we why is I swear
the last week everyone keeps on thinking
that I'm taking pictures of them like
out of the front wouldn't it be weird
like yeah anyway we've lost Holly she
went on a on a chase for look at hello
interesting eating bananas hey I'm
interested classics and classic penguins
there I'm I'm in the festive mood I'm in
the fire or like this one looks quite
cool be warned
weirdly my clothes blow up animals it's
all good here look this is what it looks
like it's pretty massive and it's taking
a while to get round although it's like
a little homey homey section over there
backs go and check it out I keep a B for
banana we've found a store that sells
dog outfits
as frogs and everything I think Mike
might kill me I've just found out it's
Christmas present
no mate this is my Christmas this is
what your dog is going to be wearing
when you get a dog
gangster puppy so if you didn't know
Becky's coming to New York next week and
so that when we're shopping we can see
where she is yeah good we have now left
the clothes show it was awesome as you
can see by the way I'm carrying my bags
I have a lot of bags holly has a lot of
bags it has a lot of bags and we are now
headed home it's Friday night and it is
awful sport it's actually it's it's more
than now than it was this morning I was
freezing when I tried to get into a car
and someone chipped Becky's car here
they came up park next to her open the
door chipped her door and then decided
to drive how rude I will show you those
evidence there's evidence it's not fine
there it is guys the chip it's a big
chip in the paint it's quite dark out
here sometimes here that's a black car
it is a it's a freaking big chip it's a
chip in the heart this is my new sink so
I'm gonna head off now and leave these
lovely ladies but yeah I will see you I
might be going to party tonight again on
a jumbo jet I don't know if you guys
watched my vlog from last year when I
went to the party on the ELMO jet it's
basically like a work party that my
friend has and they do it every year so
that may well be happening when I get
home so I did stuff say goodbye to the
girl or anything else say goodbye to the
vlog I've made it home to my gorgeous
popsicles and I'm currently putting
together a package for my friend James
you guys might remember him from some of
my vlogs in the last couple years he
in the army and he's actually just gone
out to Afghanistan and he is gonna be
there for Christmas so I'm putting
together a Christmas package for him
because we're going away on Monday I've
got to send it before we go so I'm gonna
show you what I'm sending him I'm quite
happy with my selection of stuff I think
it's quite cute and hopefully it'll put
a smile on his face okay so this is the
little selection I've got to send him
I've got some chocolate popcorn
I think this chocolate yeah milk
chocolate crunchy popcorn got some
french bread sticks he likes his food um
and some almond like what does it even
called butter crunch toffee with almonds
in it how yummy does that look this is
all from TK Maxx by the way
I got him some sweets and say keep calm
and eat sweets so in comedy sunglasses
which will probably end up in the bin
after pushing this but I thought they're
quite funny some comedy pants which are
pretty rude but quite funny and then I
bought him these two books so there's a
jokey book about insults and comebacks
and jokes every man should know and then
I also bought these the other day and
these were actually quite expensive
there are $12.99 Fassett reduced from 20
because they're in TK Maxx
but what I'm gonna do with these is
split them all up for Christmas because
they make really nice little Christmas
presents so I think I'm gonna send him
the milk chocolate flakes now my last
friend went outside Afghanistan said
don't send chocolate because it melts
but I don't think it's hot this time of
year so I I'm hoping they won't melt and
if they do that that's just a shame and
then I'm gonna send him one of these
chocolates as well so a little package
mainly food I asked my other friend like
what was the best thing to send and he
said like food and just stupid things to
make you smile so that is what I'm
sending them I'm gonna package all these
up now and I'm gonna take them to the
post office tomorrow morning who's home
I missed you bear look at your hair
Mike's just had a shower where have you
been this afternoon playing football
have a good time no my friends got a hat
trick past me did you go to the clothes
show though did you we're gonna go to
the party tonight well that's your fault
I'm really really tired and I still got
editing to do and it is half past 8 and
we haven't had anything to eat yet and
my feet hurt and I'm just useless
I really want to go but I've got so much
to do I've got like loads of stuff to
wrap as well we are leaving for LA on
Monday morning and I have about a
million and one things to do this
weekend
seek a TV some lucky duck has got a
brand new song is called plugged in
Sinking iPad Mini you spoilt monkey
upgraded upgrade from a 2 to a mini mega
marry what they write yeah okay good
otherwise he buying around Christmas
present
that's actually pretty cool it's fitted
my handbag quite nicely I think you've
got your own iPad is that what's this
list of of that's films films you've got
going everybody your list of films look
at Mike's writing is super messy gosh
are they ones that okay so downloaded
some of them I have some I haven't read
to you I haven't seen red one Despicable
Me 2 I want to see that download it X I
think the world end that looks amazing
yeah we'll probably will be Alan
Partridge amazing this is the end this
is the end I think this is this is the
end you'll like who's in it what's it
about we don't play the trailer after
God it's basically about a load of
celebrities I'm trying to think of the
name of the trap sale in my face you're
an effect RT yeah one second where is
this is he and the bridge I don't know
any of these the bridges feel really
warm in they've got wet hair my neck was
this is the end are you cooking dinner
tonight okay you've got a cook Wow the
end and it has all these dudes in it
what dudes Mike's not very good at
blogging he starts talking about
something else it's good well we're
gonna go now cook some dinner
you mean you're gonna go and cook me
some dinner fancy food for dinner as
well funny that oh also I also got
premium rush Joseph gordon-levitt movie
where he's on a bicycle oh cool that was
a cat tail by the way haven't opened my
advent calendar yet you may be able to
see I have opened a few doors in advance
Mike's taught me off basically we're
gonna be away from the ninth to the 21st
so my theory was I could open a few
early because I'll be away and then Mike
told me off but anyway I haven't opened
the sixth which is today's one what is
in here Oh what is this
it's a hair slide how cute is that it
reminds me of um Henri Bendel the little
bows you get handle in New York I love
Christmas that is very cute I wonder if
you know what I might actually give this
my sister for Luca my little niece
because I think it really cute because I
hair still really short so she has to
wear hair clips to like keep it out of
her face because it's not long enough to
like tuck behind your ears or anything
yet and then as you can see on here I've
opened a few in advance well for when
we're gonna be away but number six is
here mango body wet I've never seen body
width before but I love the mango
collection for body shop that is
exciting have you opened your advent
calendar yes slightly melted chocolate
you know why because I put your advent
calendar there on top yeah it did
so you've ruined my event calendar again
for the second year running first year
you didn't even buy me on second year
you ruin it will you ever forgive me
now half past ten and we still haven't
had any dinner Mike is over there he's
just made a trip to the supermarket
because we didn't have any food and I'm
doing some late night editing on
operating late night but later Mike then
I want to be editing and
he brought me these to keep me going
because he is wonderful look at that
olives and peppers and olives and
peppers and Diet Coke because he is
wonderful that is it for vlogmas day 6 I
love you all very much and I will see
you tomorrow just kidding we're not
really going Mike said he wanted me to
vlog this what have you done
serves you right for buying such a
naughty treat oh dear fish good morning
and welcome to birthday day yeah weird
you ruin the bag
