good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
5 today we have the squidgy roux in the
bed we have a sneaky sneaky pussycat in
the bed and we have its really bomb in
the bed and exciting stuff guys Hanson
I'm gonna be on BBC Breakfast in a
minute I'm very excited because we're
going to see them this weekend oh yes we
are
crowler has found squids tail and is
playing with it hey we're out of bed now
and we are off to personal training
session but today my trainer health
moved house so we are doing in oh hello
we're doing an outside training session
and what has there been warnings of
today a storm severe winds it's also
freezing cold so I've got my thermals on
from skiing it's actually not that cold
but it is windy that's why we're off to
you this morning and that is it for
update we're now back in the car after
running not go lie I am still standing
my ground on the fact that I freaking
hate running outside and it's the worst
thing ever ever ever ever ever ever Mike
ran off like way for us than me and I
was just raining you my head hurts it's
so cold outside a my my hats like not a
really thick mix it's got little holes
big beanie
but I did get weaker than a sweat on it
went really quickly actually anyway
off we Travis got home Mike's make it
two eggs here have you opened your
advent calendar today I just open mine
and I feel thoroughly spoilt by having
like makeup advent calendars because
today we're the fifth I got this thing
what you didn't open yesterday I've got
this cheek and lip stain from the body
shop which like rose gold how nice is
that I'm excited to try that may be a
bit shimmery at it see how it works it
looks so nice in the tub and then I got
a mini benefit Benetint time for eggs
and I put chilli sauce all over mine and
Mike has ultra taste with no bottom I'm
go for low carb breakfast I'm just
having chilli sauce my eggs
currently in the process of trying to
film hair tutorial as you can hear I got
Christmas music in the background
don't tell the copyright people Mike's
here and for once I'm filming with
cameras and this really excites me so I
need Mike's help I'm doing a call to a
hair tutorial and I need two angles oh I
just want to show you guys two cameras
so technical for me somebody just took a
delivery the coast just arrived and mike
has ordered how many four full pipes for
Christmas dinner Mike doesn't smoke
neither do any of my family dad maybe
smoke cigars every now and again but
certainly nobody smokes pipes last year
we had monocles on Christmas Day this
year we're gonna have pipes how much
were these Mike 150 and do they actually
work actually work about everything one
pound fifty obvious of it I have tobacco
what a bargain
show us your pipe smoking technique
smoking pipe oh yeah it is currently 651
and I finished filming my videos and now
I'm editing my videos so I've done one
which is going up tomorrow and I am now
editing the hair tutorial that required
two cameras which it turned out pretty
well I'm quite happy with it like I said
before I don't usually set up to SLRs
I'm quite lucky in fact my cat she has
an SLR as well so I didn't actually know
we had two tripods though he was hiding
his own tripod that sounded really dodgy
yeah we're meant to be going out for
dinner and to the cinema tonight and I'm
not sure what time I think the film's at
8:45 there's one a 7:45 we're not gonna
make that I think we're gonna eat I'm so
hungry
we ended up having like brunch today
because by the time we got back from
working out it was like kind of a bit
late so we just waited a bit and then
ate our eggs for brunch brunch and I'm
sitting here in a coat because it's
freezing cold in my kitchen we're in the
car we're in the car were in the car we
made it to the cinema but we have made
it to leave to the cinema and we're
going to see Catching Fire I know we
haven't seen it like it's been out for
how to be aged it's been it seems a bit
bumpy down here seems a little crazy
that we haven't seen it but we are going
now rubbish
well that's what youth the first one
wasn't rubbish I was quite disappointed
with the first one because I loved the
book so much and I didn't think the film
like connected you with the characters
quite as much as the book did like I
remember when when and what I won't ruin
it by I don't know everyone seen the
Hunger Games right when rue dies in the
first time of the games but when a
person dies it came out like a year ago
so um yeah I just in the book I cried
and cried and cried whereas in the film
I'm like
sad but I didn't feel that connected
with the characters anyway I'm hoping
this one is gonna be really good I
really like Jennifer has a lot of
actresses female mrs. belt rack we're
going for dinner I am so hungry so we're
currently waiting for our food and
getting really excited about America
next week because we're talking about
all the stuff we're gonna do decide
we've decided we're compiling a list of
things we haven't done in LA some see
I've gone to LA quite a lot it might be
quite a lot to you so I might leave in
about some amount of time terribly some
amount we're gonna do some really fun
different stuff this time
and I'm oh yeah baby I've got the
world's biggest pastor in the world it's
like that's my hands that's her pasta
and why I wasn't gonna get any ice cream
but then they had butter Scotch almond
flavor I'm showing you a little closer
how could I resist and we're just in
time and it's dark in here
so Michael what was the verdict on that
one you didn't think it was good
why not it's just not my kind of film
any particular faults lack of emotion I
thought it was quite good actually I
thought it was much better than the
first one I enjoyed it and it did have
me welling up a couple of times
and I thought that animation thing at
the end was kind of weird though you
know what this lighting is probably the
least flattering lighting of any
lighting I've ever vlog myself and I
think what you know what what what the
only person I like is to do he's the
only good thing he is good and she's
Jennifer Marcus is awesome yeah she's
good like it's like I would say anything
else
mike is so grumpy yeah every time I
would look across it'd be like oh it's
like I'm only sitting here because of
you yeah we're off home now
so like Mike really is that better but
blurry yeah we're off hope
and tomorrow I'm going to the clothes
show which I'm very excited about with
Becky and her sister Holly which is
we're going to join today's vlog what
you doing - oh
playing football you know what that
means that means I'm cooking dinner
see you guys tomorrow get ready for the
morning guys and welcome to vlogmas day
for today
