morning guys and welcome to vlogmas day
4 today i am up bright and early and
heading off to a hotel in central london
where they are having a judging panel
for the Dulux collar awards as in Dulux
paint I was asked to be a judge for the
fashion and beauty category so I thought
well I know what let's do it
so that's where I'm going today and I'm
hoping it's not gonna shooter scary
because I'm the only like blogger /
probably young itch person on the
judging panel I think so I'm hoping
everyone's nice I don't really know
anyone and it's kind of spitting which
is not an ideal scenario I was about to
go down there and my hair from yesterday
I ended up falling asleep without
brushing it I was so tired I might to
get the pins out but I didn't manage to
rush it so that is what happened and
I've managed to go for this kind of like
fishtail looks similar to what I had in
at the shoot yesterday but I just
thought it was better than what my hair
look like because I didn't have time to
wash it this morning so I'm now walking
through Chinatown and there is a huge
Red Lantern in the sky which is pretty
cool and yeah I'm hoping there's
breakfast at the sinks I'm so hungry and
the rest of today is looking pretty
similar really I'm at this thing until
like 3 o'clock this afternoon and then I
have a meeting this often and I'm really
looking forward hello mister man staring
at me I'm really looking forward to
getting home see Mike in the putts as
well because I miss them and I say
goodbye to Baxter and I'm so jealous cuz
she's spending the day shopping with her
sister so and I have to go do this which
it should be good but let's go shopping
I've just got out of the color Awards
the Dulux color awards and it actually
finished a little bit earlier than I
expected which is awesome because now I
have an hour and a half before my
meeting so
I'm gonna try and do a little bit of
Christmas shopping because I've got the
majority of my Christmas shopping but I
actually haven't got anything for Mike
like in terms of smaller stocking fellas
I've got him this big present but yes
I'm gonna try and find a few things for
him near was actually went really well I
was quite nervous because I think I was
the youngest person there it was maybe
one or two other people of similar age
to me but most of them were a lot older
and kind of more experienced in the
world of color and art and things like
that but my nominations went down really
well I can't say like what happens
because the nominations haven't even
been announced yet but you basically
nominate two people in your category and
then you discuss it and like debate who
would win and my two nominations one of
them particularly went down really well
in terms of like people agreeing with me
which was awesome and also there's a
giant snow globe there by the way turn
to Statue into a snow globe now that is
awesome
it's freaking freezing now it wasn't as
cold earlier I'm so cold
and I'm going on a prescient hunt and
maybe a coffee hunt - I'm so tired
at the end I was like falling asleep it
was really I can't stay awake exciting
stuff guys they appear to have opened a
j.crew in London I had heard rumors
about this but I hadn't actually seen it
before so super exciting I did just go
in there and it's really expensive and I
am going to LA a New York tomorrow so
tomorrow next week so I'm definitely buy
anything from that but still it's pretty
cool so I don't find anything
rubbish yeah oh well I have to find
something I'm gonna look online I think
he's so hard to buy for he literally has
everything so also I found out that my
mom and Mike's mom are in London today
so they're giving me a lift home which
is really exciting it means I don't have
to get the rush hour train and he just
tried waving at my camera and it's
pointed at me I don't think he got that
that's quite funny it's actually the
second time someone's done that today
but yeah I'm off to a meeting now and
then I'll be heading home which is good
because it is I just feel really tired I
think I just really sleep very well last
night because I was trying to edit my
vlog before I fell asleep but then I
just couldn't do it I just I just
couldn't do it so I had to wake up super
early and do it this morning so yeah I'm
looking forward to getting home and
being in bed and for some reason
everyone is finding it so bizarre today
they might be was turning around and if
you guys can see the background on my
vlogs everyone and normally quite a few
people turn around when I'm vlogging in
street but not as many today seems crazy
and I've said it before and I'll say it
again England is the worst place to vlog
people are so judgy and unfriendly about
it so I've literally just walked in the
door
stripped my dress off put my pajamas on
and someone here is the best boy in the
whole world because look what is waiting
on the table for me stew with mashed
potato and beans and broccoli a nice
glass of wine oh yes did you miss me
that means a lot
well hurry up eat your food I'm hungry
look who I'm juggling with little spotty
nose here sweet we know huh see here oh
I missed you guys and we've got these
two reprobates
hello streaky there's my feet there she
is
hello you should make there are you
she's in a bit of an anti-social mood I
just tried to put her on the sofa and
she was like no I'm not having any of
that so that's probably gonna be it for
today guys I got my crazy hair we are
sitting on the sofa
Maxon relaxing and watching I'm a
celebrity get me out of here which I've
never watched before and I've always
been really auntie but this year I think
it's really good and these guys are
having a little a little cuddle go squid
you're so sweet you're such a goody
two-shoes and this little monkey here is
such a not goody two-shoes you're the
perfect duo aren't you popsicles say
bye-bye
