morning people's it's vlogmas day 3 and
we've just been having a little bit of a
Christmas festive I won't say bougie
there was no dancing but there was
definitely did you
there was definitely festive cheer and
Becky had a boogie we're going super
early right now it's just before 8 it
was not super early we woke up super
early but we're off to get a cheeky
Starbucks here's some light woohoo not
much like though because it is pretty
miserable in grey today we're going to
get cheeky Starbucks before the shoot
because I've woken up with a god-awful
sore throat which I blame you for I
really hope I'm not getting ill I
haven't been ill in ages I feel like I
always get ill on fogging months and I
haven't been ill I can't remember the
last time I had a cold so I'm like
determined to fight it off so we're
gonna stop in at boots and Starbucks and
then we're gonna hit this shoot the
shoot is actually for L'Oreal and we are
gonna be doing some fun festive hair
stuff with them which is really exciting
it's me yeah so yeah we're gonna be
doing some fun stuff with them today and
Amelia's coming along as well and that
is about yeah we got some festive
foliage it's in fake foliage got some
festive candles lit got some festive
look at this I want to live here and
film that all the time
can't be a good fairy light hey guys
guys my take about and she's going to
have just seen a super interesting sign
on the door to the hotel what is that
this is sleep that spell this looks like
a pregnant woman Atrus a I thought it
was a pregnant woman oh it's gone off
now the girls are like having chat about
turtles well to being slow-mo film
talking about turtles and dogs its food
time guys
Amelia here got a little bit hungry how
many cakes have you go in there I have
grass all raisin and muffin oh and a
banana muffin because that's what I've
actually don't know bit hungry I've got
this like mixed salad thing which next
to that sounds really healthy and boring
but it actually is like filler it's like
it's a weighty it's like I know it's
like a big dumpling dumpling Becky's
eating a Guinness Guinness cake
what there well obviously those Guinness
but is it tasty it looks disgusting it's
like chocolate fudge cake I actually
hate Guinness and I crime and tastes
gonna say it's so good so good action on
the birds so I this is the we've changed
our look guys do you like my evening
look hey actually really like this dress
yeah I'm vlogging and they're filming
live let's say hello everybody this is a
sneaky peek of what is happening next
week and I'm probably not allowed to
post this blog but
but just here I don't think that
actually I meant to do this when they're
filming you think but who knows we have
a heart
Amelia looking or could like Wendy
you're like ready for action the best
part is when they say action on the bed
we're ready for action on the bed action
on the bed so now we're actually filming
and only here has joined this on the bed
getting some action
no semester is not in the other shot
should we take some selfies we are now
at the London oh hello the London I'm
ready to film some more we're going up
in it which I'm actually white flash
about hand on it since do you need or
did you get out of that I think I have
this conversation I think we have this
conversation this blog earlier it's why
is it stopped that would freak me out if
we stop at the top we're just discussing
how freaky is to look that in the London
Eye I'm not gonna look at my look at my
phone it's really freaky look at that
you can probably see up on those is
which might be freaky too it's just
regular whoo but yeah we're on the
London Eye now it's quite dark but I'll
put the lights on in a minute when they
start filming and I'll show you look
pretty of you I'll show you when we're
at the top I think it'll be much better
look how awesome London looks guys oh
it's gonna look more awesome in a minute
when we get higher up because we still
have quite a long way to go pretty much
at the top right now I'm gonna do a 360
done better
you scared don't worry we're gonna die
this is where almost the top there's the
top there it's pretty cool I love doing
touristy stuff
look this Big Ben can you see him
there is houses of parliament we are
waiting for the food in crazy van we're
so hungry actually don't care what eat
right now I can eat a scabby dog so or
maybe just yeah waiting I would have
some sushi delicious we'll just we just
eat that laughter his glasses
No the food has arrived guys we have a
tie which is in paste and egg hello
which are also Amelia's jealous which is
mine Morning Glory
the vegetable kind then more is to come
back he doesn't have anything yet yeah
we've just finished dinner and not gonna
lie I'm a little bit full I feel like
I'm like we hate that much Wow we got
picky nice dinner for free because it
was half an hour it was half now it's
pretty good I ate too fast lady rice
really and now we're in Tesco on the
hunt for drugs not illegal kind of drugs
but they're legal medicine pain-killing
kind of drugs because I strap so she's
stronger strepsils and lemon we found
these teddy bears
we found the drugs guys hi guys so we've
just got back to our snuggly hotel room
what you doing over there walking up
those stairs I'm going to take some of
my strongest where is it
strongest wrong I feel like so tired pee
Ultra all-in-one I feel like I'm wearing
worse but that I fell really bad this
morning so maybe it's an evening and
morning
I feel super snoozy right now yeah so
we've had a really good day actually it
was really fun like the shoot was really
easy sometimes if you do things like
this is what I have to deal with oh
she's just show you a little dance now
this is my crazy friend Becky but yeah
they were really nice like all the
people on set was super friendly and it
was just like a really easy day which
had a great time and I think the video
is gonna be up on the 11th of December
so pretty soon like next week so I'm
excited to see it because it's nice as
well that we can actually do it as all
friends you know what I mean because
Becky and Amelia like literally like my
actual friend actually you know I hate
you but no it's nice to do it because
initially they were like I am like let's
do this fun video and let's have models
as your friends I was like way for fun I
conquered a fear as well I went on the
London Eye and if you did you were
looking a little bit scared you kept
talking about it falling off I'm just
joking
I was no but you know what I was like on
the plus point bags if it falls off at
least will fall into the river
yeah only well guys I will still
probably die but we've got more chance
than if we win do it wasn't you know the
wobble was when they stopped oh so when
they had to pause to let people off they
like wobble I was trying to smile I just
look very afraid I had fun you know what
I'm so tired I'm gonna go to sleep now
I've got more exciting stuff happening
tomorrow my hair is in the fold still it
has about 500 pins in it and I'm gonna
take them out now and go to sleep and I
will see you tomorrow
