hi guys and welcome to vlogmas day 2 I
am in the car and driving right now but
I'm not moving because I forgot to start
blog miss day two before I left the
house because I am a little
scatterbrained I am on my way to the
post office to pick up a package because
today I'm gonna be filming a video for
PopSugar if you guys don't know I do a
series for them and I'm doing an extra
sneaky gift guide if you haven't really
seen my gift guides my normal ones
they're on my main channel I'm not
giving everything away but I'm doing an
extra one for PopSugar today and one of
the things I really wanted to include
were sent in the post but it hasn't
arrived yet so like they tried to
deliver it on Saturday but we were out
so basically I couldn't film on Sunday
when I wanted to film when I'm having to
film today so I'm going to post office
to pick up the package and then I'm
going back to film and it's pretty
miserable day it's really great today
actually which it's not good but I gotta
go cuz I'm just sitting here
generally chatting nonsense so I finally
managed to get the package I actually it
got delivered by accident to Mike's
parents place so I don't quite know how
that happened but I went to I rang up
Mike's mom and she was like yeah they
missed the delivery so she wants the
person picks it up and I met her halfway
super nice of her and now it is filming
time but I haven't actually eaten
anything yet so it may be
snack time first but I don't know if we
even have any food maybe make some
porridge or something squidgy is out for
the count down here
hey squeege she's died Mike just take me
for a walk so I'm ready to film I
thought I'd show you quick like view of
what my little filming setup looks like
I know you guys have seen my office like
hundred times but here's my camera and
here's my lights and on the bed is all
the stuff that I'm gonna talk about it's
a lot of stuff and here is finished
filming hooray
and look what just arrived
a big fat a sauce order and I just
wanted to add to this video because I am
so obsessed with this right now
I know can
I took my candles all the time but this
candle it's lit so I'm try to be really
careful fresh balsam from Alton Body
Works it's I've actually got two of them
and I wasn't letting myself burn them
until December because they smell like
Christmas trees they're like I have
crazy hair they have they like are a
straight-up Christmas scent and I didn't
want to burn them before December
because they only have two but because
I'm going back I actually have the
chance to get more of them hooray
I know Ingrid actually managed to get
ahold of someone Black Friday for me
because I texted her she tweeted saying
she was going Black Friday shopping and
I was like oh my god
are you going to Bath and Body Works
because if you are can you get me some
candles cuz whenever I go there just red
whenever I go that I always miss the two
for 22 deals so I end up spending like
$20 on each candle which you can get
them for 1211 dollars instead so yes so
she managed to get me some and she has
one of those but I'm gonna see if I can
get more honestly I get through them so
quickly as well Bath and Body Works
candles although they're the best ones
they burned down the quickest out of all
the candles so I think they'll ask me
usually like five or six days which is
I've just taken a break from editing
I've done like the first rough copy and
then I need to edit like watch it all
through again just make sure it's fine
so I'm cooking myself some pasta for
lunch and I'm making some tea I got this
tea I've only got one of it but it's so
good in my Birchbox this month it's
pockety and it's called
three cinnamon and it has organic Indian
Indonesian Vietnamese cinnamon tea to
warm and invigorate which is what I need
because I feel cold and tired so I'm
gonna drink this eat my pasta and I back
on the editing train before I have to
get on the actual train this is my
luncheon now I'm going to eat it I am
currently packing for the next two days
I'm headed down to London for a shoot
tomorrow which I'll tell you more about
in tomorrow's video but then I'm there
for tomorrow and the next day as well
because I've got some meetings on
Wednesday so I'm trying to pack I'm
actually gonna try on all of this I saw
stuff that I ordered which is on my bed
find me I always order a lot of stuff
from a sauce because I find I send a lot
of it back when you're shopping online I
feel like a lot it's not gonna fit or be
bad quality if like that so I generally
order more than I need so that is what
I'm doing now and I think I have about
an hour before I have to leave and I
finished editing my video it is on his
way over to PopSugar and I have another
video going live just before I leave my
monthly favorites so it's been a busy
day I wanted to get a blog post done so
I'm hoping I might have time to do that
before I leave as well and squidgy
Rooney has just joined me for those good
Fuji snog who's home from work three
young pink mustache you look so much
better without a pink with starfish good
job good job what have you got there an
exciting delivery arrived for Mike today
some kind of canister can I say it's an
oil catches so I can drain the oil on my
movie bike are you coming circus night
on your way just like that just like
that
no mums going to pick me up to take me
to this tissue on there and then I'm
going for dinner with Becky woohoo
say goodbye to Mike for a couple of days
goodbye so I've just got time to paint
my nails before I head off and I tried
painting them with this which is illa
massacres blizzard which is their new
one it looks really cool but it's
actually quite sheer and it ended up
going quite blobby so I took that off
and I'm gonna start again are you
laughing at me Mike's laughing at me so
I'm going to start again with Lancome
this is number five twenty can you see
that number five twenty was also from
their Christmas collection and I think
together this is gonna be a winning
combo and I've also been writing
Christmas cards which stupidly I didn't
leave one spare to actually show you
which Christmas cards I used this year
but they're really cool they're from
Paper Chase and they had like little
woodland scenery on them with little
glittery like deers and stuff
Mike's laughing at me again okay so
here's the first layer this is two
thin coats of the Lancome and then I'm
gonna put the Blizzard over the top when
it's gonna turn into a snowy blizzard
look at the blizzard nails my nails
mushy like really dry like around my god
guys we just had major mouse trauma so
the cat's just brought in a mouse and
this is where the cats like to hang out
on here and Beaver who's there as well
naughty beaver brought in a I'm like
seriously like oh my god she brought in
a mouse okay and the mouse was still
alive and she had it on here and it was
like squeaking so Mike and I like ran in
here like we'll catch it and let it
outside so because the cats don't
normally kill the mice they normally
just bring them in and then the dot if
the dogs get them that's when they die
so the mouse was like running away from
the cat or there's blood on here as well
it was a really gory mouse that Mouse
story guys so the mouse was really
scared and they ended up essentially
committing suicide by jumping off here
because this this thing here goes down
into the cellar if you can see down
there it looks really creepy but the
mouse like fell off here and I don't
know if you can see on the steps there
there's blood there's blood so basically
Mike's going to clean up the blood now
but the mouse like committed suicide but
then it was still alive so it was like I
know the cat lost his dinner it like
jumped off obviously like broke
something but it wasn't dead and it was
still squeaking and then treacle ran
down there and ate it and was she was
like chewing on it I get really upset
when the cats bring in mice because then
we have to catch them and let them
outside and they're so cute
I don't know why people are scared of
mice because I think they're really
sweet and it really upset me and now I'm
just gonna do a really awkward voiceover
because I'm sitting on the train going
front of me smells so bad Bo but I had a
coffee so I lost the smell and yeah
generally just bored I made it to London
Becky is here hello this is our room
with our sexy twin beds
she's pretty cute we have yeah I see
you've sat on that one already a snaffle
I got ya I was so hungry and ate my
green apples I start watching the
funniest program just eating an apple
I'm so hungry let's go get some food to
see she oh yeah have you been to hair
until twister for no are you saying that
we know cheating no but I can go with
you I went in my first year at uni all
the time I'm really hungry
let's go any insight eat now I just made
you walk through the door but let's
leave again look we you can't tell what
hungry can you guys oh my God look at
all this so festive guys can you see the
star in the Brunswick Centre in
Bloomsbury in London Christmas I'll show
you how big this tree is that stuff it's
pretty big it's pretty damn big
no it's so pretty up here it's actually
I used to come here all the time we just
went to a sushi restaurant called Heron
taught toys I used to go there all the
time when I was at uni and I haven't
been have been then we're at the same
uni in different roles and we didn't
meet until this at the end of second
year it was it was tragedy total tragedy
happens it's really but we're walking
along she was really nice I ate fish
eggs for the first time yeah the
my preferred and also more quantity yeah
I'm like I miss it but like when I'm in
the States
frozen yogurt oh no well there's a press
up here if it's still oh I could do with
it I'm actually really full if I'm
honest which is like a little bit of
chocolate a festive a festive sooo sort
of chocolate yes stop for a cheeky try I
was thinking hot chocolate and then I
thought then he said peppermint tech
mint tea and I was like from the really
unhealthy to the too healthy
chai short one you're the tall one
Tweedledee and Tweedledum yes you're
taller than me we all do you can be oh
so we're back in the hotel room now guys
and we've just been chilling out having
a good old catch-up we're on our sofa
and we've just watched the full at the
extended version of my wedding video old
softie pads in the cornea we've just
been having a nice chat and we're both
really tired we've got a really early
start tomorrow for this shoot and yeah
I'm quite excited about it though I
think it's gonna be quite fun we're
filming with Becky here and then Amelia
from Amelia at Liana and yeah it should
be good so we're gonna we just found it
yeah we have to go to the shoot like
semi camera-ready so like with clean
hair and with like a normal amount of
makeup on but we have one of those
little hair dryers it's like so we're
gonna wake up at like 4:00 in the
morning to
Efrain no yeah well wake up at 6:30 soon
probably yes shut-eye we did do a little
bit of lap around blocks if there's a
Starbucks like within the facility by
talking there is this Byron burger which
is pretty awesome
it's very for breakfast so yeah we will
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching vlogmas day two and yesterday i
didn't include the jingle but i've got
it back
