it's vlogmas day one oh yes it is what
are we doing we're shaving off the mum
it's no longer remember we're shaving
off the mug the pink mode are you gonna
shave it off kind of wait you don't
understand that is it so annoying
here it goes by spirit guys I think we
may have died we've died Mike's face
pink it's pink underneath no go maybe
you should say like I'm really scrubbing
you leaving like a Hitler moustache I
think you shaped the whole thing off
Mike I don't think that's a good look it
still looks like you've got a full
massage away just get it off turn it off
it's not a good look like another note
so welcome to vlogmas did I say blog
Faber at the beginning of this no I do
you still have a Preakness awesome by
the way I mean you need face scrub oh my
lord does it feel good you are more
attractive now well to be honest the
pink top lip is not the best of any key
snip clip sneaky peek at vlogmas day one
I'm gonna have to stop saying October
it's hard for most can I just say it's
massive thank you to everyone that
donated to me during this incredibly
trying time for me I think very well I'm
very proud I'm very scrub your face now
my face now I'm will see it well good
morning again it is officially fog must
now have no mr. - oh it's so handsome
sous chef - force here - effed up an
amazing breakfast I didn't frog it
because I'm so hungry I just devoured it
the
he's having scrap right now because they
happy they want to go for a walk and
what have I got here they're like don't
move so we just went on Almighty family
walk like the whole of my family plus a
few family friends came over and we went
on a walk and I didn't forget because it
was mental we had like 15 people on our
dog walk which was rather nice I'm
feeling so festive already it's just
warming the cockles of my heart it is a
freaking beautiful day as well and it is
what was that like glorious nice hat
it's like Indiana Jones himself not
really he wishes
but let's look out the window look at
this cool all we can look out the
sunroof carisi blue skies correctly out
there either let's can we look forward
how does this work
it's looking good it's looking good guys
it's a beautiful sunny day and it's the
1st October
or else so a few of you might have
noticed in my last but youichi video or
new to all the I think was like three
videos ago actually I mentioned that
Mike and I were well there's corner I
mentioned that Mike and I weren't
actually going to be at home for a big
chunk of December if you guys want to
know why it's not actually like I feel
like I'm really excited about it but I
go to the States so much you guys might
not be as excited because it's happening
again and we're going to LA and New York
I am SuperDuper excited the reason
behind this basically if you guys
remember a secret project that I spoke
about back in June the end of June I had
to fly out very last minute to New York
to film something and I'm still not
allowed to tell you what it is still so
yeah it's still secret but I'm we're
having to fly out again
now the flights there is a Christmas
tree farm like right there oh my god my
Christmas tree
so the flights to go out to New York for
that specific date was super expensive
so I managed to wangle my way around
here and find a lot cheaper flights for
me and Mike to go to LA for a week see
our friends and then New York for a few
days at the end to go to this top secret
thing that I can't tell you about so Wow
the Sun is so bright so that is what's
happening we are leaving on the 9th
which is super super super duper
exciting if I put this down that might
help it's like seriously bright kind of
a block out the Sun so yeah that's
what's happening Mike's coming with me I
am so excited we're gonna be in LA for a
week and then we're gonna be know we're
hiring a Ford Focus actually Mike not
Harley Davidson so I wouldn't sell the
bank and then I'd have to drive
separately and I would just be totally
stupid so that's what we're doing in
December which is super exciting and
today we've had our friends Samm and
Lauren staying overnight which is really
nice to catch up with them because we
haven't seen them in a while we're
heading for a good old Sunday roast
actually I won't eat roast I don't
usually eat roast weird that I don't
like I don't like roasting us
everyone else in England seems to love
them if you don't like restiveness let
me know in the comment or gives just
give me a thumbs up sunday is not the
teacher boast sunday is the day to eat a
lot of food but not necessarily roast we
had a really late massive breakfast and
lunch is it well our tables at 2:30 so
by the time we eat probably 350 you know
something so very lovely yep oh well I
might have something light like a salad
you know I'd be surprised I'm dead this
is really really rubbish chat Mike we
talked about for you too much like that
this is Mike's hat I think it suits me
you know kind of like it's actually too
small for me I've got really big hairs
at large as well yeah it's really tight
I like it oh maybe I should see it
Mike's really possessive over apps so
yeah that's what's happening and I'm
super excited to take you guys with us
as always and it's gonna be you know
what it's so nice because I've done so
much traveling this year but Mike hasn't
been able to come with me for a lot of
it and we've never been to New York to
get the read that I feel like I go to
New York all the time for YouTube stuff
and also I went last Christmas with my
mom and for my mats and things like that
but light doesn't come with me I'm so
excited
what was that motorbikes why you seized
my trike sparks inside regicide motor
bar you're like a five-year-old so yeah
I'm excited for us to actually go
together and like do some Christmas
shopping and generally romantically and
one other thing that's cool is my friend
Becky is gonna be there as well if you
guys don't know who she is she's been a
lot of my videos talked about he talked
on at YouTube she's gonna be that she
can talk even more than me which is
surprising considering this is a four
minute 53 video clip right now I'm gonna
go and eat some roast you know I really
fancy a pint of Diet Coke bitter no I
don't fancy but you kind of die okay we
ate we drank a bit too much mulled wine
is today because no we
what I just had a beer in a glass
basically it was my sister's little girl
Luca and my brother's son had like a
joint christening yesterday and it was
really lovely but it was because it was
the last day of November it was kind of
too early for Christmas stuff we're like
ah doesn't matter we're just gonna have
a Christmas tree up we're gonna sing
carols in the service and we're gonna
drink mulled wine and eat mince pies and
it was basically like Christmas but in
November it was awesome so I am feeling
so faster this weekend we've had like
all of our family back in the area and
it's just been really nice hasn't it
like it's really delightful so I just
got back from the pub and I had a really
nice time actually catching up with some
of my friends we met another friend
there as well I'm sorry I didn't vlog
but it's just really nice sometimes to
catch up with my old friends and
obviously like a lot of them don't
really not want to be in videos but you
know we're just catching up and having a
kind of nice time or we don't like they
don't make youtube videos so sometimes
it's a little strange
blogging around my friends but yeah so
that is what happened when we were out I
had a really I don't know what that
little dance was about I just thought
I'd do a little dance and yeah I had a
really lovely like Scala I actually had
a starter an aside and then I had
pudding which was Eton Mess it looked
like this and it was freaking amazing
so so tasty Eton Mess is like one of my
most favorite things ever so I am back
now as you may know I was telling a
dressing out and I am running a bath and
I'm having a lush bath I'm actually
using my I can remember the name of it
but like the orange bubble runes so
they're like they look like macaroons
but less so this one smells so good I've
been wanting to try it for ages but I've
been using up some of my Christmas rush
stuff I actually I'm getting a little
bit depleted can you guys see my little
lush stash here there's a few bath bombs
like left but I feel like I may need to
go back to lush and have a little bit of
a restock of their Christmas stuff
before they stop selling it my nose it's
really rare that's pretty weird I just
blew it that's probably why so yeah I'm
having a nice lush bath now and then I'm
gonna chill out because it's Sunday
night it feels really weird starting
vlog was on a Sunday but
I don't know I feel like Sunday's we're
live vlog like pretty boring because I'm
just chilling out and eating lots of
food and just like spending time with my
friends and stuff but yeah there'll be
more exciting stuff this week guys I
promise I have from a gasps and there
was no hot water so I had to stop so we
just hot water on and then wait for an
hour for the hot water to heat up so
that I can fill up the rest of my bath
with hot water without wasting my lush
bath bomb that I already put in without
testing the water stupid well whose
faults that how mine totally mine just
the water yours cuz it's the hot water
drop excuse me where's my cup of tea
that you were supposed to make me I
should just have one automatically how
rude we are here sitting on the sofa
Mike is looking at grappling hooks what
is a grappling hook grappling hook is
that actually kind of like James Bond
yeah it's like a four pronged attack
normally I said Clara buildings and
stuff but I'm basically using it because
a little bit of water that we have has
too many weeds in it so I know we DP
gently pull the weeds out not so only a
few bits like this or percentage but
it's a thin it out a little bit but do
it really slowly
so let's anything that's in them this is
gonna be entertaining our next summer no
it's got to be done in the winter when
it's our so it's and there's not as much
in there so that's well fair enough so
we're seeing here that's a crazy high on
this this is poppy number one three good
Rico's and we have popping over to
where's Bobby no hello
some thoughtless government I'm your
weed and we're just chillin I'm gonna go
and have the rest of my bar or actually
have a bar and read my book I'm reading
Dan Brown's Inferno which I love Dan
Brown when I was at school squeegee and
I used to read his books in like two
days now I don't have so much time to
read I literally used to like get our
blessings read yeah bit of a geek anyway
so it's taking me longer but it's really
good I'm really enjoying it I've already
read it mom I can't read it on our
honeymoon he
loved it so yeah we crazy and just
country farm watch country file there
was some great stuff about aliens just
going on on the TV just now yes and then
after that we're gonna watch The X
Factor results so all the sex factors I
like to call it for no particular reason
other than I'm immature and think it's
funny to add you know will be always
again what that crazy granny program
there's a program what is it called it's
basically like they have it's a comedy
program where they have loads of really
old people that are like in their 70s
and 80s their rockers off their rockers
they basically like trick people's like
grannies doing pranks and pretending to
be crazy vampires and pretending to be
really rude anything like it's like a
hidden-camera shows it's like monitoring
people's reactions in the street he's
like crazy
apparently crazy old people like doing
mad stuff there was one last week where
she was like being a snake charmer and
there was actually a snake in the basket
and the guy freaked out my favorite is
my favorite ones when she asks can you
pull my finger oh you're humping my
finger and then lets out the massiveness
rip-rip trump I don't know why I call
that far Trump I read oh my god I can't
even speak I don't know why I called it
a rip when it's obviously called a fart
I think I meant to say let's see let's
rip yeah you just get too excited I'm
getting too excited about granny farts
yeah that's more about granny's getting
crazy cry he's farting not farting it
was more money like and there's my booty
scooty any crashes like drops didn't
work control he said don't touch don't
touch it don't touch it and then I said
they pick up the remote control anything
smashes into it like a kind of big pile
of cans and stuff it's really what I
wasn't like it's controlling ears
control again oh I'm gonna pass out
we'll see you tomorrow guys ba ba
