good morning guys so today's vlog is a
little bit unexpected because oh hello
but we're still in South Africa I
actually wasn't of Lagos portion of the
trip that's all really but I got so many
requests from you guys for us to vlog
our safari trips I'm going to vlog today
we actually arrived here in the camp
yesterday at 3 p.m. we went on one drive
already but today is our first like
proper day like we should have lost
yesterday because yesterday's one drive
yet produced any calculus so our first
ever drive on Safari we saw like pretty
much every single animals are from
elected for oh the big flower we saw
like Oh like everything we saw a lot of
lions elephants we saw what else did we
see Buffalo anything spiders
we saw cheetahs which were amazing this
is like I'm not wearing that oh yeah I'm
gonna vlog
today's trip on safari in a currently
half of five we're not late you know at
least one 5:45 we're gonna have a coffee
but first we have to brave the outside
so the camp we're saying is ungettable e
norman dad actually economist Chris
Hedges staying next door and I feel very
dad actually quite a long walk as well
so down there is where the swimming pool
nervous and last night when we eating
dinner
there were elephants like brushing
around in the pool
so we just got back from first ride of
the day and it was amazing I took some
footage but I didn't like talk over it
cause it's quite like intense situation
and you're not really supposed to talk
too much anyway so I'll put it like to
music and I hopefully like I hope you
guys will be able to see what it was
like it was awesome we saw two rhinos
like really close up and at that point I
was actually pretty damn scared and then
we saw a leopard kill a baby warthog and
it was pretty intense and pretty awesome
as well like even the Rangers were
taking photos but like oh my god this is
amazing but yeah I thought I would show
you around my room whilst I am back here
because we're going on another Drive
this afternoon we have a few hours if
you're wondering what happened here
I've got bitten on my face and it
actually probably like it's kind really
gross it's like probably got a little
blister on top of that microphone don't
pick it don't pick it don't pick it I'm
trying not to but yeah I'll show you my
room we're staying in a place about
three hours outside of Johannesburg
called MIDI Quay Park and the place
we're staying I called him in pidemo and
it's really cool it's quite rustic but
it's awesome because like I said earlier
like please ignore like all of our stuff
everywhere but like I said earlier it's
not gated so you can see out here like
all the decks and stuff all the animals
can just walk past if they if they
choose to so we might not see anything
outside on our deck but we may well so
that's the deck and then there's just
windows all around and this is a
beautiful bed with a big square mosquito
net if you get wondering about the bites
well I got the bites a few days ago
before we had in that so yes that's why
I have them but this is the bed and then
another window out here actually which I
haven't looked out of I can wake up in
the morning and see scary things out of
the window is actually a little fire
which will not be using because it's
boiling hot and there are two little
chairs but like the ceiling
like such although I'm slightly nervous
about spiders because my friend Josie
told me that when she went on safari she
saw the biggest spider in her room and
had somebody call them and get them to
remove it which yeah I'm a little bit
nervous about that happening and I can't
show you the bathroom because mike is in
the bathroom on the loose so yes that
was about it they do have an outside
shower as well I will show you in a
minute I'm going to some work going to Y
the pool probably for a bit and then go
and see more animals I really want to
see giraffes and I know that sounds
really lame because we've actually seen
the big five in like the two drives that
was done already
I really want to see giraffes they were
like my favorite like my top thing that
I want to see so hopefully we'll see
some later ok so this is what walking
through the camp is like in the daytime
where you can actually see stuff I am so
paranoid there's going to be a big-ass
snake hanging for one sec it's like the
only thing I look for him like so the
Lions saw the elephants all about the
snakes I just brushed my hair and it's
gone I'm crazy frizzy I'm now on my way
to find the pool Mike is at the pool he
has a diet coke for me and yeah I think
we have about an hour until our second
drive we both just fell asleep on the
bed we like lay down were like whole
just five minutes two hours later he
found this one and his hat looking very
far like fur
nice t-shirt you're a joker and really
hoping that a lion or something
now Saunders passed and Mike jumps out
of his skin he's sitting on the deck
having a casual coke or sprite are you
having a casual elimination can you dry
lemonade you look like you're about 90
at this point Mike is fitting in with
all of the let's hope that doesn't lock
to that log yes oh
it doesn't want winshuttle okay locked
ourselves out back you're fitting in
well would be a safari crew mister but
yeah there's no action out here so far
yep no action yet and I'm hoping there's
not like a black mamba underneath this
decking right here
I hate snakes that's the one thing I
hope we don't see this week is make sure
that we not scorpions
I'm not that but they go yeah okay
gardening is run away scope will do this
they never get yeah just like that
Mike regression is a scorpion um kami
also now that Mike isn't in the toilet I
can show you the bathroom here's the
outside shower which we have your bike
insurance through the windows Mike we
can't actually use the outdoor shower
yet I haven't been brave enough because
I feel like there might be something
interesting down there might can bite
your bottom last having shower and then
this is our bathroom we're going to show
you through the window like a peeping
tom we aren't actually supposed to have
baths so we're not going to we're not
supposed to and we're not going to
because drought and South Carolina say
no baths but it does look pretty and
then the toilet in there as well and
some things and then an indoor shower
just in case the outdoor shower is not
your vibes indoor shower and then this
is all of the outside and then I don't
know can we see mom and dad some huh
yeah we can that's mom and dad's out
there isn't yeah I just did the trees oh
yes can't see them but no I can't do
that
they definitely will be my dad is an
exhibitionist ah such a nice day I'm
excited to go on his final drive what
are we going to see we're going on the
hunt for wild dog we're going to find
wild I mean we've had this apparently is
very rare what happened this I see a
leopard killing or something the super 6
I'm calling it the city my sex it's out
of the Magnificent Seven
so I know they're all safari before but
apparently the big five is a thing and
then they have the Magnificent Seven and
then they have the ugly five and then
they have the
small five or something I have loads of
different groups of animals either way
we have seen six out of the seven
Magnificent Seven and all of the blue
flies in like 24 hours so incredibly
lucky but the last out of the
Magnificent Seven is the wild dog witty
long drama which we're leaving early so
normally the drives leave at 4:00 and
we're leaving at 3:30 or 3:15 to go and
try and see the wild dog which I'm
actually if I start as you guys know we
love dogs and wild dog apparently quite
hard to see in quite rare to see so yeah
that's what's happening going to see
some dark hopefully hot dog hot dog hot
dog are you ready for a bit of crikey
I'm ready for some heiny are you ready
for Heidi he could have like it ready
for Heidi to show you guys what I'm
wearing this is another thing about
coming up Safari like what the hell you
wear for Safari but I'm wearing just a
little outfit of it oh you hold it just
keep the street this keeper
so I can see you're not going onto my
look
okay so I have on this Sheraton rails
and I have all my hmm t-shirt and I have
almost Safari mind dad I'm sure so now I
have know how many times on certain if
I'm filming them and I've kept my feel
real what now you got your sunglasses
now you don't grow a job come back into
the light my sunglasses larger for she
um so they're the only non like
reflective ones I thought animals might
not like reflection I look out before it
wasn't one more name I forgot my
sunglasses and Mike because he is
officially the best husband in the world
award here if I could draw a crayon if I
was that good at like little things me
like saying you might get the crown
we've got a hat like that why do you
clown let me hear sunglasses because he
had a hat legend must be something good
over there he's joining the god first
off of everything in sentences Oh what
is young one
very beautiful
you can feel the world dogs guys there
in this bra now you can't see them
