good morning guys and welcome to our
very messy kitchen I am filming at this
angle because it is secretly an
absolutely crazy mess behind me over
there is a mess down here's a crazy mess
and all around here is crazy mess
because I'm messy because you cooked
last night and didn't clean up your mess
yeah I'm gonna come only thing up now
anyway and photo done that before I
filmed I wanted to do a video with some
updates for you all because I haven't
vlogged since the last vlog toba vlog
and the first update is its of st
kitchen and the second update is that
i'm gonna be doing vlogmas i've been
getting tons of questions saying are you
doing vlogmas how you doing wrong bus
yes I done wrong miss for the past like
three years traders two years don't I
yeah so I'm gonna be doing vlogmas when
you're vlogging every day in December as
you guys know my internet is pants and
therefore I may not be uploading every
day I still get rubbish for this I
wanted to say a swear word then but I
didn't because I'm good but i always say
at the beginning of vlogging month I'm
not gonna be out of luck upload my
thoughts every day but I will vlog every
day I still get like where your frogs
there five days late when I get behind
I'm like oh so yes another pre-warning
i'll still get house before it anyway so
i'm going to be doing vlogmas i'm
excited for that because christmas is my
time of year it is the best time of year
in the history of more times this year
what what Oh Mike had to buy his own
ethnic kind of his last year I forgot to
buy an admin calendar and this year he
is already bought one and is the 18th
19th of November today I will tell you
my eyeballs are dry in 1995 november and
mike has already bought this Advent
colonies actually had it for a week as
well just in case I forget by one and
can't find one you as usual so vlog was
this happening and the second update you
guys may be happy to hear is that stick
aid Oh is happening again this year now
it didn't happen last year we had like a
mini thing last year but it wasn't the
whole 24 hours you remember that we went
to you to you space so Mike hasn't
actually been part of seek aid before
but he is going to be part of decayed
this year are you excited
did look at that outfit and that
mustache that's why I married you oh
yeah he is actually coming along to
stick a with me if you don't know what
stick it is it's basically like a
24-hour video fun charity raising event
which is run by my friend miles dyer
who's been doing it for years and years
and years and I think the aimless years
to earn or to raise 30,000 pounds for
UNICEF which is an awesome cause so I'm
gonna be hosting it from five till seven
on Saturday the 23rd of November which
is going to be really fun if you guys
know Stephen burn who's also a youtuber
he's going to be hosting it with me mike
is going to be there we may or may not
be doing something to Mike's mustache my
porn mustache so yeah that's what's
happening on Saturday another exciting
thing is if you are based in London or
in the UK and you fancy a bit of a
travel or in Europe really fancy flying
over which probably there are 50
audience tickets available to purchase
all the money goes to charity and yeah
you can come and join in the fun with me
and Steven and I think that if you buy
we're slot B so if you buy a ticket I
think it goes over like the next session
as well and I think it's Emma blackery
and somebody else I can't remember the
exact list of who like will be in the
same slot as US but if you want to come
and see us we're going to be doing some
fun challenges and we are going to be
potentially doing makeup on the audience
so if you want to come and join in then
get a ticket and come along next
Saturday and it'll be really fun and
that is all for my updates squidge is
being really weird right now appears to
just be sitting by her bowl a minute ago
she was actually just staring at the
ball with like her head hung to be
honest what I think her plan is is that
she's eaten this was treacle's breakfast
at empty bowl she has eaten as much as
she wants but she doesn't want treacle
over there to eat the rest of her food
so she is defensively sitting next to it
staring at it you are weird squidge
squidge
you're a psycho you a psycho if you
don't want the food give it a treacle no
she worked through monkey poor old
tricks she won't give you her leftovers
like a nice sister huh look standoff
standoff these to your weight recall you
being a good girl today aren't you oh
yes you are right that is it for the
updates guys we will see you very soon
hopefully that's decade if you tuned in
all the links will be in there for our
below and yeah
