hi guys it's the very last day of
October welcome it is the 31st of
October today is Halloween and I'm
actually not doing anything Halloween I
feel really sad but I know a lot of my
followers and States but in the UK it's
just really not that big a deal and it's
actually on Thursday so yeah today it's
actually I'm starting this vlog quite
late it's currently 12 o'clock
lunchtime 12:00 noon shall I say and
I've been filming this morning hence
I've got makeup on and my hair's done
and all that jazz
I don't like a hot mess like I normally
do my vlogs and I've managed to film two
videos before 10 o'clock export them
write a blog post and have all that done
so that I'm actually going to London
today for an event like a skin
consultation thingamabob with my mum
which is really cool because I get
invited to a lot of like branded events
in London and to be honest I don't go to
many because it means that it's like a
day out of actually doing stuff and
making videos and stuff so I don't go to
many but this is like a mothers and
daughters one and my mom is obsessed
with skincare and it's with Lipari
so I just thought it would be really fun
to take my mum because yeah she's really
excited about it we're gonna have some
kind of skin treatment and like a
consultation at the counter in
Selfridges and we're gonna go out for
lunch and just generally have a nice
girly afternoon so I'm leaving now and
I'm meeting my mum just in time for
lunch which is exciting and that's about
it I've got to say and that's not a very
good way to spend Halloween is it really
am i I need maybe I should be wearing
some kind of costume but I'm not trying
on Hannah's
I want this hat so bad isn't the cutest
thing you've ever seen but it's 100
pounds so I'm not gonna buy it
all of some wooden stairs and liberties
this is probably one of my favorite
places to go and we're going to the
Christmas shop oh yeah we are fallen in
love guys with a rabbit and going crazy
so cute but you know what they don't
have Springer Spaniels otherwise we'd be
buying ten million of them inside
Christmas guys look at the ceiling
it's Halloween but we're doing Christmas
instead I couldn't it looks so amazing
look at this seriously guys if you come
to London like before Christmas you have
to come to Liberty's Christmas store
cause it's just amazing the reindeer
what do you want them getting all
festive
that's not tacky at all is it was some
crazy-ass website we stopped for a bit
of dim sum and ping-pong which is on my
therapy City and I've got a mint and
lime I see it basically like I'm a
heating flavored ice tea and mums got
one too
we may think my good it's kind of like a
cocktail but we're tea incident alcohol
so it's gotta be good for you right
tasty dim sum time I'm struggling with
us a little bit pulling back we just ate
the spicy chicken I mean this one in
there still spicy chicken toasty buns
eaten sticky rice is there and we have
some broccoli at the bottom which I
can't pick up yeah I'm in the changing
room azar and I've totally although it
doesn't really go wearing right now I
mean you look amazing with like a
high-waisted flippy skirt for Christmas
maybe this can be my Christmas outfit in
the back too
I do have a strap-on
I love it it's so sparkly and you can
see like a million of me right now I
just had a lovely skin consultation at
Lipari which was amazing and mums headed
back to my sister's now to have dinner
and I am in lady gap because I found the
cutest can't fit for Luka I'm going to
show you what I'm gonna get it's
basically this little star dress and
I've got her these sparkly Hana I hope
she doesn't watch this
this little star dress and I've got her
silver sparkly leggings and like a
little vest with a silver sparkly like
babe neckline on it
baby clothes is the best thing ever
that's what Christmas is made for and
yeah it's getting pretty late she's
about seven but my trains not till 9:00
so I just got home happy Halloween
there's we're not doing anything for
Halloween because we're losers well I
went I went for dinner by myself you
crazy because mom had to go to my
brother's for dinner so I went by myself
because my train was and I'll be really
hung about don't get home anyway here's
my bears bears say hello we are snoozing
but I just came home and discovered
something all mighty tasty looking on
the side look what Mike bought just in
case we had any trick-or-treaters which
we're not gonna have guys we're like in
the middle of nowhere so yes no
trick-or-treaters which means I can eat
or - sweeties huh can I eat the dine
bars
please okay I'll make you coffee if I
can eat the dying boss yes don't with me
someone's been snacking already that's
it for today guys and that is it for the
well-dressed over talking part - guys
what do you think
but please please please please please
try and support me any way you can if
everyone donates five P and a hundred
thousand people watch this one then
we'll have five hundred thousand pence
which is how much money fifty grand
no it's not good but it we'd a lot of
money so donate five T P donate a P or a
piece of broccoli if you can thank you
for watching vlog Toba guys I love you
all very much and I will see you shortly
in the not-too-distant future
and Mike and if you hear that noise in
the background you stop
