good morning guys it's Flo kotoba day 30
and today I am in the car I have some
crazy lighting going on because it's
super super sunny outside I don't have
any makeup on right now because I
remembered really last minute that I
actually have a doctor's appointment and
I had set an alarm on my phone for like
half an hour before and I'd totally
forgotten and it went off tonight like
so I had to like run out and I want to
just clear something up for everybody
he's being like oh you're pregnant
you're going to the doctor's I'm not I
have this lump in my thumb pee see it
there which it was apparently like a
buildup of fluid so they're gonna inject
it today with something and it's maybe
gonna like pop I don't even know like
it's horrible it's like this hard little
ball so yes I'm not pregnant guys thanks
for the enthusiasm though and yeah so
that's what I'm doing this morning and I
left my porridge which are just finished
cooking on the side I was like no it's
freezing cold today but super sunny is
when there's like really nice more like
winter days where if you're in warm
clothes it's really really nice because
it's bright and sunny anyway I gotta go
now otherwise I'll be late for my
appointment but I will see you
afterwards she's cutting out the doctors
and he stuck the needle in to my thumb
and then proceeded to like squeeze out
all the stuff it sounds really gross
basically what I had in my phone was
called a ganglion apparently and loads
of people get them I'm sure there'll be
loads of comments on this video once I
say it because apparently they're really
common like it's basically like a little
cyst so he was trying to drain it but he
said the problem is cuz it's so small
because it's in my thumb
you can't like get rid of all of it
because it's tiny so it's basically like
half still there is definitely like a
lot of it has gone down it's probably
like maybe a third of the size but it
freaking hurts my thumb's I really read
it did actually really hurt and I was
trying to be really tough I was like
yeah that's fine I was like secretly
trying to be like not making a noise so
I didn't make any noise but then what
was the worst part about it as he did
that and then he was trying to squeeze
it like it a spot that he was really
using as nails like really but yeah now
I have a red thumb
but yeah he said it was one of those
things really that you just can't really
get rid of them sometimes they'll just
go away if they want to but if you're
prone to them you'll probably get them
back again as well so now I'm just left
with the red stinging thumb and that is
it and I am off to eat my porridge which
hopefully will actually it'll probably
have congealed so I'll probably have to
make some new porridge so overall this
morning has been not very exciting but I
did actually see my grandma even the
doctors how weird is that I walked in
she was like hello granny how you doing
which was quite nice so yeah off I go
with my sore thumb as expected my
porridge is a total goner
sweetie and Mike I mean if you can hear
that noise in the background you stopped
now Mike claimed the drums down in the
cellar and we're having a little test
out aren't we squidgy to see if you go
crazy and you've been so good who's
Benjamin in with me entry key hanging
out all right Rico she seems a little
more bothered she's oh hello give me a
kiss then give me two Stan you were so
cute
she's like standing to attention being
very good being very good girls and Mike
and I gonna go out for dinner tonight
which is cool and yes I've been writing
some blog posts about a new foundation
which I'm wearing today mmm do you like
it it's probably half off now but um
excuse me squidge I did a live stream as
well with Company magazine earlier which
was fun if any of you guys saw that and
that's all from me and squid squid juice
little update look at my gorgeous bears
on this sofa
haha we're watching Haven whilst waiting
to go for dinner I think we should go I
think they'll be nice to go on a
romantic date with you going out for
dinner twice a week with you it's not
like you married me
at stake oh yeah we're on our way home
in the car after a tasty meal meal can't
see you over there hello tasty it wasn't
that tasty my steak was cooked very well
but it was still overpriced but
listening to reggae of champagne
cocktails
there's loads of pop around truck and
their family yeah maybe it's cuz it got
the reggae music on everyone's like that
you had a nice day today gonna say
you're busy and stressful yeah my house
in the yesterday so that kind of had its
jobs to work how hilarious is that so
hey guys so I'm in bed now and there's a
little fugitive that's made it up there
you're meant to be downstairs
no II guess she's purring so loudly yeah
she's like haha I escaped upstairs right
guys we're heading to bed now and I'll
see you tomorrow for the very last day
of October goodbye guys so today me and
treacle they're taking up the vlog and
if you can't tell by this sexy mustache
that I'm sporting it is Movember
