hey guys so today me and treacle here
have taken over the vlog and I have a
very special announcement and if you
can't tell by my facial hair already
it's Movember and I am partaking so if
you guys don't know what Movember is it
is to raise money for charity for men's
health issues by refusing to shave off
your men must Josh you don't know the
rules of November it is supposed to be
clean-shaven at the southern month but I
have such an epic beard growing is
you've been following as already through
the month but I thought well let's just
keep going let's roll with it
let's see what we can get and hopefully
by the end of this month I have some
crazy and stuff says all for a really
good cause
whatever you can donate me at one p one
pound one hundred pounds of million
pounds they took the 1 million whatever
you can donate would be amazing I'll put
all the information in the little oh
yeah I said well in the loops between
the loops below please support me during
this month of hellish torture for me and
having the stuff you tune that don't do
that once there maybe maybe chica let's
go self so Row one but please whatever
you guys come tonight it'd be amazing in
me the world to me and it'd be so cool
to see what we could raise and I will
keep you updated via my Instagram if you
don't already follow me in some like
force and you can see what crazy facial
hair comes during this month as for vlog
Toba
I will see you again soon
