guys it's locked over a day 29 27 28 I
can't even remember it's Monday anyway
and today before you let them out we are
commencing puppy training 101 well this
is like the comedy part here we go I'm
going to show you what what's happening
right now we have the two reprobate dogs
in their harnesses which high-resistance
musk which we just got hive is a little
small I think we need to question
they haven't worn them since they were a
lot smaller so I think we need to invest
in some larger ones they'll do for this
week and we are going on a walk but yes
walk anyone want to go to walk I think
you do that's probably that's not a good
training trait
you're not going to excite them so what
we're gonna do is have to put them on
leads because treacle is so naughty and
runs away mike has his whistle suit
good Jules
oh good girls good step one here we have
a slight problem treacle has been I
don't I just don't do leads Oh
conclusion of the dog walk training is
the squid is still the better dog Mike
is blowing us nose and treacle is a work
in progress
indeed so yes I already tired I don't
have coffee I feel like all I say and
blog is that I'm really tired I'm just a
generally sleepy person guys you should
realize this mike says that there's two
things that make me happy in life feed
the Webber and she will smile is
favorite saying and then also your you
need to go to sleep it's like food and
sleep I'm an easy piece to please guys
so I'm just editing some videos in my
office and I'm actually sitting on the
bed that you might see in the background
and this little creeper here has been
gradually creeping her way over getting
closer and closer and closer until she
is snuggly wuggly rumbling and her next
move she likes to go and put her head on
the keyboard it will get closer and
closer she started off outside the room
these guys were not meant to be in here
when I was filming so they were trying
to get in they got in she was then on
her bed opposite and she comes closer
closer closer jumps on the end of the
bed down there and then she's just been
sneaking up like a sneaky sneaky sneaker
you should agony my little monkey and I
think tricky I'm sorry I just I'm sorry
tree girl oh dear Jesus link down there
and squidgy is now getting jealous
because I'm striking tricky but I think
I'm now upside down as well but I will
leave it flip it oh dear oh dear guys so
I'm currently cooking a little bit of
lunch right now
I have you can see in here some spinach
and ricotta tortellini and I'm gonna be
putting it with this chili pesto which
Mike actually found and he thought I
would like because I love pesto and I
love chili and it's in this weird bag I
don't quite understand why it's in oh
it's in the bag because it's the fresh
version instead of a 10 version but
needs a little bit shake up the looks of
it and yes I'm gonna be trying this out
and I am hungry chili pesto is a top
notch and this is my lunch put some
cheese on top too and I am watching an
episode of havens
Oh miss you know maybe a bit we are just
going on a work permission form I can
show you how to bring a car back for
your mom today
so we're going to pick up your car now
and we might go for some sneaky sneaky
sue did you see what I posted on
Instagram earlier no there's the cake
where is it I gave it to everyone who
worked oh you didn't I thought we were
gonna take him for spike oh my oh there
was what an auction chat it was a
charity auction I'm tell everyone what
you bought I bought a very tasty cake it
was a pumpkin cake and it was very
delicious
okay cool amazing if you haven't seen it
look at my Instagram but then you will
see it then you will see sushi so it's
super duper late now it's actually
quarter to 1:00 in the morning and I've
just finished a Google hangout with
Hello style and Ingrid and Tracy and
Stephanie from eleventhgorgeous it's
actually really fun but I'm so tired ow
Mike's already gone to bed
the puppies think it's their lucky day
wait treecko's not here anymore she
wasn't going to go and that they can
sleep on there but I'm afraid they have
to go into the kitchen because they're
not allowed to sleep in here because
it's got carpet on the floor and
sometimes they whee
so yeah I'm gonna go to bed now it was
actually really fun to do a Google
hangout like in the middle of the night
it's really cool that like all three of
times I awake at the same time and it's
like it's nice to hang out and all sorts
of questions and stuff I'm really sad
that the seventeen Beauty smartie things
finished filming actually because it was
so fun filming it I wish there was like
another shooting session but there's not
yeah we all had to that like film or
fake film that we weren't as well
because we're not we don't know who wins
every week because it's voted for when
we were out there last time we all had
to like pretend we were winning so
they'd like the whole thing like we won
and then am i spoiling this ha
but yeah it was quite funny because if
we react like we haven't really won then
you'll know why or if we don't look too
convincing cause I'm not a good actress
like seriously anyway I'm gonna go to
bed now I'm gonna be up early in the
morning cuz I'm heading to London with
Mike's mum so I'm gonna head to bed now
and I'll see you guys
