good morning everyone its vlog Toba day
27 and today we all woke up what we
thought is fairly late but actually we
gained an hour so we had an extra hour
in bed which was freakin amazing so it's
like telecom now we all had breakfast
we're up and ready for a dog walk and
that's about all the information I have
to share this morning I will show you
the walk actually the weather was super
nice this morning and now it doesn't
look so good what have you got there
mister whistle oh yeah puppy training
there's a storm coming crazy but we've
lost treacle she has gradually been
getting worse and worse and walks and
just been buggering off basically and
not coming back so she's done that now
you might be able to hear Mike's whistle
squidge is really obedient this whistle
but I think it might change if you blows
it so much when treacle goes missing
spirits would be like wow why should I
we're just so good she's so good on the
whistle and treacle is like the worst
dog ever she just doesn't listen so
we'll try and find her I mean I can't
see her anywhere
thank you see squidge I see Mike but no
treacle
she's like leg did she's liked it into
this countryside behind us and is not
coming back found her the little
rapscallion squid she's been very good
you are a cheeky dog you know obviously
been back for a while because she had Oh
Mike just wiped it off she had paw
prints all over the back scratches some
kind of intense training like she just
needs it too damn good discipline I
don't know if she'll respond to that
because she's such a funny
listen dog's dressy and squidgy Roo who
knew a sitting in the conservatory
squidgy I hadn't having oh he's here -
hi TWiki I thought you're outside and we
are gonna be doing a bit of catching up
on the old TV shows Sunday daytime
chilling I've just painted my nails with
ESI's Bahama Mama and I've decided that
I've got a dodgy topcoat and it goes
bubbly every time and I thought it was
that I hadn't waited long enough when I
between coats and the last time I
painted it but I'm pretty sure it's a
top coat because it's done it on this as
well how annoying because they look
really good from afar and then you put
them up close and you're like oh no so I
think I'm gonna have to repaint them but
anyway there's the lizard on the wall
how not very nice is that lizard I
really hate it but the only problem is
it's plumbed in so you press the button
on the other side of the wall and it
pukes out into that little pond and it
like yes spits water out and we can't
pull it off the wall because then we'd
have just have a pipe sticking out so
we're stuck with the lizard for a while
true story
anyway I am going to watch American
Horror Story Vampire Diaries and then
I'm gonna watch them Haven and then I'm
gonna read some of my book and I'm just
generally having a good old chilled out
Sunday afternoon the weather is actually
super nice and if you guys can see out
there blue sky it's looking really good
but there's actually like a like I
wasn't joking earlier there's a storm
coming so Mike's just putting like the
cars in the most like safest places I
guess he's worried about trees falling
over or like roof tiles coming off and
stuff because it's meant to be like
biggest storm ever so yeah he's just
putting them away and then we're going
over to my mum's for lunch I think which
will be nice because she's just got back
from being away for a week and squiddy's
here she still got a poorly leg and we
thought she was better so we took her
for a long walk today and she's come
back so I don't know what to do whether
to take her back to the vet I don't know
whether she it seems like it's coming
from her hip because she's kind of
limping the problem is whenever
we took it to the vet last time she gets
so pumped with adrenaline that she
doesn't walk funny
so the vets like well there's nothing
wrong with her and yeah so but last time
we went she had a good feel of like all
her joints and none of them were hot or
anything so she didn't seem to think
there was anything wrong but it's been
well nearly three weeks now since she
did it and it was it two weeks Mike Mike
okay that wasn't him that's where that
was just the door shutting yeah she's
had it for at least two of the weeks it
might be three and isn't that weird that
I can't remember that's not good as it
but yeah it should be better than it by
now if she'd just pulled him us also I'm
worried about her cause she's my little
baby she's my baby boy say hello to
everybody squidge isn't she gorgeous
good girl trekkies wandered off
somewhere she's paying so naughty today
she's into everything so we've just been
for a nice Sunday roast at my mum's it
wasn't it was she did like slow-cooked
lamb oh my god it was so tasty that was
really tasty and now I'm home with my
little family right here and we're
watching X Factor or sex factor as we
like to call it because we're so mature
and funny dancing technique it's a
little bit rubbish this year I'm not
gonna lie I don't know really good it's
always been rubbish yeah I like the one
that they the little lad that they
likened to Michael Buble last night oh
yeah I quite like I quite like Luke with
the dreadlocks think he's cute but it's
apart from that
Tamara's good but I don't like that
whole you know the controversy what I
heard tweeting about doing drugs and
stuff not a fan of drugs so don't say no
to drugs say no to drugs
squiddy's moss which is a real druggie
on this fish hook that is all she so
squid sorry if today we're gonna watch
this and then Downton Abbey's on
chilling out a thoroughly relaxed Oh
squid you got your bone happy dog we've
had a really nice Sunday actually we
just been chilling out and it's been
awesome
we'll see you guys soon or tomorrow and
yeah hope you all had a lovely day
made it to the Seas all good
are you guys are you going to describe
what we're doing basically I think we
need to live an outfit of day
