wanting people today is the 26th I think
I have care that my teeth because I've
been munching on it and mike has behind
the new ingenious way to cook eggs again
on top of his other egg cooking thing
look at this egg poaching things is it
working
you like crack the eggs in there and
then they may be inducing to me to keep
all of the egg you keep all of the exo
you get more egg today I'm going over to
Lizzie's house and we're gonna be
pressing apple juice I'm very excited
about this I have also made more kale
salad I do feel a bit sick of kale salad
yeah I just made it cuz I'm going at
least he was our audio supers I are
doing salad so I have more kale salad
and I have been munching on the kale
weed-whacking yes an American term is
trimming I didn't realize this does I
tweet to the other day saying I've been
streaming a probably not that's trim
trim under here by the looks of it it's
working there gonna be a weird shape
when they come out yeah they're gonna be
kind of like cylindrical
cylindrical I'll see you later cats
later alligator
in a while what made it to the Seas all
good are you gonna describe what we're
doing basically firstly I think we need
to a little bit outfit of the day oh I
think we do hello sexy past your knees
also hey I actually have some but Missy
has this old-fashioned apple press which
she's going to describe to you now what
it looks like what does it do this whole
we put them into this little grinder
thing here my grinder where we know I'm
n the Apple where it's going to sell bit
here and what we'll do is take this off
now we put that on top there and then we
bring this down and it pushes all the
apples down so we get some juice coming
out of here
through this little hole and we put this
is exciting stuff yeah seriously
old school yeah I did say to you before
have you ever thought about getting a
juice electric juicer it's more fun this
is old-fashioned apple juice guys here
we go we're gonna do it got our actual
guys and we're now washing them ready to
be press oh yeah we're doing some
grinding guys not that kind of grinding
I have got apple chopping duty and we've
got a lot in the right spot oh yeah oh
wow you have to turn it and everything
just take ages cheering the first drop
is about to go in this is proper
countryside Apple making dude and it
goes oh yeah we're gonna drink some of
this now with some soup okay lunch time
we've got so much kale salad some soup
which Lizzie made but we did bring the
apple juice yeah it's good and I made
this here so basically so I'm home now
and I am currently preparing to cook I'm
chopping up all the veggies so that I
can actually be sociable when everyone
gets in because Becky's getting here
early
and I haven't seen her in ages so I want
to have a good old catch up with her and
I'm trying really hard not to snack on
this little snack trailer I've got oh my
goodness we got this book one of our
wedding presents I think it's the cutest
thing ever in the whole world slight
little heart-shaped dishes and another
heart-shaped is for the careers switcher
mics look at all this sure it's oh and
olives rice and manchego you can see
that I've actually been eating that
because this one is a lot more full
without the spice and it's kind of a big
deal is that but that's very yesterday's
father I ask you to do something what
was that remove objects from the team
remove my object one of which is my
handbag the other one is my camera I've
imagined this is actually yours I gave
this to you him because he wanted a red
marks get rid of those stinky black
hands a clay mask you're so manly might
a man buy finished off my cooking
preparation and look who's arrived how
have you been I am fine we've been
talking houses I've just been given a
doorknob witches babies just bought our
first house it's very very exciting
and we're having a catch up which we've
been talking about a million miles an
hour for the last 15 minutes and we've
got a little bit of pink champagne in
these old-school vintage I know they're
really awkward a drink out of as well I
like wobbly or like we have the we have
the amazing snacks that now I can eat
after trying to avoiding eating them so
I finish my cooking the green correct
it's not looking very like in like yeah
I spilt a bit there just ignore that
I've got a giant amount of Pad Thai
right here and some rice and the secret
ingredient chili sauce oh yes I'm gonna
eat this now guys and then we are going
to have a nice evening and drink lots of
and I will see you all tomorrow goodbye
rich he's squidge
we actually did you look a lot like
tricking too much seriously that's
