hey it's logged home at the 25th and
today we are night vlogging because I
have been editing filming editing and
uploading all freaking day long you're
crazy and we are going to wait rows this
is how we spend our Friday nights
because we are cool this is what happens
when you're married oh okay this is
what's happened this is their little
Luna Luna this is what happens when
you're old and married but I've got
curly my curls have lasted well today
have they did you know what I just put
on the radio what some kind of heavy
metal Deftones so yeah we're going to
wait rose to buy some food because you
have no food in the house and nothing to
eat well like should we go out for
dinner I just feel a bit tired to be
honest yeah Mike was like to go out just
like that that's how you dance so we're
going to wait rose and to get food for
tonight but we're also getting food
tomorrow for tomorrow night because
we're having a dinner party it was meant
to be like a big dinner party but
there's been a few people that had to
cancel Matt and Lucy and holiday so they
can't come I'm not sure if Becky can
come now because family stuff and then
another friend's got family stuff so
there's gonna be at least five of us
though so we're gonna be fine
we've got to decide what to cook what do
you think we should pick I'm you think
stew because you always I think we
should cook something different maybe we
should walk around waitress and get
inspiration of what to cook watch me eat
for dinner tonight can I have can we
have like top I see stuff like a picnic
you must bait I won't know what's new so
welcome you see anything it's too low we
tried we tried guys the trolley cam
didn't work
I want Caitlin let me get some
vegetables I'm gonna make an amazing
kale salad like the one they doing the
Cheesecake Factory in America it's so
for some reason they don't have dried
cranberries anywhere I think they're
having like a rearrange for Christmas
with all their mince meat annoying so I
have to get these instead these are like
kiddy it spike has these cherries and
strawberry dried cherries and
strawberries and replacements bet on my
salad I want to strike cranberries and
they never have any but this dog food
it's got to be fun squidge he's squidge
actually did look a lot like chicken
switch seriously that's oh she's brown
she's brown she's definitely brown
whatever what have you got there give
the dog a bone
look we're going for tomorrow night we
decide let's go tie and use our Thai
cooking course put it to good use which
they use and we're doing I'm gonna do
I'm Thai green curry and Mike is doing
dessert
what's that said I'd sleep for hours
I've been working so far it took me
hours to package it cheating
so yeah tonight yes no yes what are you
having tonight my salad
I've got kale so are we gonna have some
kind of chicken prepared chicken oh yes
you can eat wanna do this my kale salad
what are you gonna happen it's raining
wasabi peas it's raining we've got
sweets for you do what her robe you
unwrapping them he's taken awhile love
it's got the treats and these guys my
whistle yes I know these guys are not so
in ruling the we have now got a whistle
we have a purple one for the good lady
himself and I have a black man for me
obviously mine is in my jacket so we're
going to see if we can make them do what
they're supposed to do okay you're a
cool one sadder squeaky oh they got
there in the end
she's never had one of these before you
doing the same thing
all right squid Oh you Tuesday to to
choose I may have won a little cray-cray
with the amount of salad that I made but
it's tasty I'm gonna eat it all and it's
and it's delicious and this chicken with
asparagus and prosciutto and some butter
with Braille and filled you there hey
guys so it's past midnight now and I am
in bed I had a really nice night
chilling out with Mike and I'm just
reading my book now I finally got my
video live that I filmed and edited and
uploaded today and I've also been
uploading my new video for PopSugar
which by the time you see this that will
of gone life too so I'll put a link in
the info bar below and like in an
annotation thing here if you want to see
it because I put lots of effort into it
and it took me a long time to get
uploaded and send it over to LA to the
people that PopSugar too because my
internet is not so good however it is
better it is better I managed to do two
videos in one day but yeah I got I'm a
bit behind in my vlogs but I feel like I
did say that at the beginning of the
month that I wouldn't be able to upload
them all the time so and it spreads it
out spreads to October out I guess which
is good
maybe yeah anyway so I'm gonna go to bed
now I am having a nice dinner party
tomorrow like I said we're gonna be
cooking Thai food and I'm gonna be
making apple juice with Lissy in the
daytime I think which is exciting
because I've never made proper apple
juice I with a press and everything so
exciting stuff I see tomorrow like a
really long time since we saw each other
so we are now
