no my lovelies I'd never say my lovelies
but hello you are lovely and welcome to
vlog - every day at 24 today I'm sitting
in my kitchen as you may be able to see
and I have no makeup on I just woke up
and I I didn't just wake up I woke up at
5:30 I'm downstairs now trying to edit a
vlog and set it to upload before I have
to leave for London I'm going to London
today to get my hair done by the people
at Dove because I'm doing something on
my blog with them which if you guys
follow my blog you will see probably I
think it goes up it will be up by the
time this video goes up because I move
it behind it's uploading but yes I'm
doing that and then I've got a meeting
and then I'm meeting Amelia again who is
really awesome if you guys don't follow
her YouTube channel I'll link it below
because she probably be in this video
later so that's why I'm doing today and
I'm now currently sitting here and I
feel like I hate waking up early I need
to get coffee
but freaky things have been happening
this morning okay the dogs like freaking
out tree killers like running like to
the door of the cellar and like sniffing
and barking squidge is like barking at
it and this morning when I woke up as
well like the light the light in my
bathroom is temperamental anyway because
it's like a touch on and off thing so
when the shower gets really steamy or a
room gets really steamy from the shower
it tends to like act as if you're
keeping your finger on it so it like
gradually fades like to dark like to
doctor that happens all the time anyway
but not usually after I have a shower
because I have quick showers usually
after Mike or both of us have had a
shower and it's extra steamy anyway so
this morning it was like going on and
off but it wasn't like fading it was
just like on-off on-off and it was kind
of freaking me out I was like I'm
supposed to the lights won't go back in
our room that's kind of freaky and now
this I'm a bit freaked out what Mike to
wake up which is weird cuz I've never
felt scared in this house before cause
it's not actually that older house it
was built in like 1975 or something so
it's not like super old
I mean people could have died here but
not like a lot of people because I think
there's only been like two previous
owners so yeah that's what's happening
this morning and yes I also have this
weird thing with my feet do you guys
have an after like a night out if you
heels or if you've been to a party
wearing heels and the next day like your
feet feel really swollen and tired my
feet feel like that this morning and I
did not do anything strenuous last time
and I was wearing ugg boots so I'm not
entirely sure why my feet feel like that
they feel like you're super weird really
weird anyway I'm gonna edit this video
and then I'm gonna get ready and I'm
gonna go to London and hopefully wake up
a bit more because I could actually fall
asleep on the table right now and I'm
tempted just to eat this entire thing of
Nutella with spoon really I am I'm not
going to but I want to I'm not putting
this in my porridge ah sure but it'd be
really tasty she always greedy wake him
up
were you already awake yes no Nutella
porridge oh yes I did
hello really train journey was round I'm
eating so I'm gonna pop it in which is a
true iron it's Primark that is on
Tottenham Court Road cuz that's near my
meeting and I'm gonna have a sneaky peek
I'm in his prime admin agent hey guys
it's quite a lot later now actually
because I ended up in a mad rush I went
to see a friend and we had sushi and it
was really amazing and people are
looking at me like I'm crazy look that
woman there turn around and everything
um
I am now with Amelia again it's been a
really long time since we saw each other
I think 48 but so we are now having a
little shopping session we haven't
bought anything we actually know you did
my necklace okay this is alive like
which I have this or I've worn it a lot
I wear it long
it's like the bloggers uniforms are one
of those things but um yeah we're hoping
to space them cane out and having a
little nosy no look this is is it Brook
Street Street it's a solitaire why does
that say Brooks you're on South Molton
Street mister building why don't you say
Brooke Street yeah we're gonna go up
here look how pretty it is for you
people that don't live in England to
London it's really nice and it has lots
of myself shops so we're gonna have a
little mosey and then my hair is
actually holding up pretty well did I I
don't think I've showed you guys my hair
yeah look about plaid I wish it knows
alright alright I brushed it out as well
but I like this plat I'm not very good
at doing French yeah I need to learn I
need to learn and me a proper beauty
guru yeah you do fishtail
I should have never been able to French
braid yeah so yes that's what we're
doing now and that is it stop for a
quick think very guys and clearly we
both went for the most healthy option
nice little treat so I'm home now my
hair is and Mike has cut some mints yum
tastic the chef this week sorts of stuff
when I'm out there super fantastic
he has good cement me very tasty
right I'm gonna call it a day now guys
cuz I am sleepy do you like the hair
very nice I like the funny huh very cool
bit messy now cos it's been all day yeah
I had a plat in my hair when we first
met I gave you
hey guys and welcome to October 23 I
can't believe how quickly October is
going it's mental
today I'm at home and I
