so another beautiful day today day two
here and we're just sitting down some
delightful granilith
oh yeah did you feel better dad is not
sitting down to breakfast with us we
have a lot going on here we have some
fruit we have eggs we have some toast
some watermelon juices and stuff are you
and this is yummy board a hideous view I
mean it's passing my eyes so guys we're
in the car on the move got Mike and
Kelly here five years I know your macaw
okay we've already been for a run today
whom I only wish I had wonderful we're
going to do it guys we're going to get
to a thousand we're going to make
caramel sauce oh but we're now driving
down the main strip of campaign how
gorgeous is the hair guys today we're
going to go all-out action and we're
doing a skydive and she doesn't really
like thought about this like I think
those seriously loving without throws up
our plane casual a little bit scared now
and yeah crap good way to be dispensed
on there right almost down to my bang I
mean potentially just die
go out with a splat let's hope they
attach the parachute
i diving play and looking all the pages
on the wall it's not really nervous I'll
know the plane is there I don't want to
die can I change my mind please looking
for look at these guys
these guys all look happy because their
parachutes gone up he doesn't could be
falling looks like you this is hard you
guys what are you guys even if you look
this is the non happy coin Oh what
Oh
looking a little bit wins but right now
just that was no one has ever done
Escada before I can highly recommend is
the most fun the rush when you got that
place I have to go out first and when I
was in the side I like put my legs out
and I was like I'm not going to put it
I'm not really got my eyes also some
legs out and then basically like I'll
don't open your eyes now
like don't shut your eyes amazing it was
cool nice I don't throw you out of place
your groin intraspinal are my hair is
looking a little crazy
she isn't following her hairbrush and
some person make quality realize how
much would be filming and taking photos
and stuff and I'm like this morning
we've done soon a bit more run we've
done a scholar in my run scared of
what's next table mountain on jump
bungee jump I think scarier than that
it's definitely in fact he carries on
that run rush yes could you get the
ground much but you also you have jump
off with that they like you have no
choice is basically to push you out and
yes we have a problem
flat tire in South Africa we're all
watching Mike was drinking none of us
there are the changes higher except for
like waving the cable car like stuff in
my body
we made it before thunder
on top of Table Mountain Sallisaw really
terrible
you
look at this amazing view guys this is
taking the cable car down oh not really
looking forward to this drop after the
most hectic they ever will come to
dinner at the Wolf Run and we're in a
restaurant called Balthazar I have a
little bit food going on right now
Serpentor a little bit of food got some
calamari some giant prawns some cotton
some steak mike has the biggest Phillip
thing in the world
Cara hello yummy so we've just got back
from our amazing dinner what a crazy day
guys I've honestly had such an awesome
first full day in South Africa and even
though this is the end of daily vlogging
I'm going to be sharing some snippets on
my blog and on Instagram and we'll do
some stories if you want to see more of
South Africa then follow me on there but
we're having such a good time so far and
super tires I feel like I'm like boom
I've just taken away my CrossFit oh so
good how much you like yeah and crazy I
don't have a plane today that is mental
can't quite believe it I will see you
guys very soon
I am undecided my weather I might do a
vlog from when we go on safari but if
not I'll be on all my social media stuff
during that time so you guys will be
able to see what we're up to anyway but
you'll see and might see something from
me quite soon on this channel you never
know thank you guys as always for
watching this one and sorry it's been a
little bit disjointed and I was ill
halfway through never ideal but just one
of those things that can't be helped and
yeah I will see you guys again very soon
bye
