hey guys and welcome to vlog Toba day 23
I honestly can't believe how quickly
October is going it's mental today I am
at home and I am filming some videos the
first video that I'm filming is my new
video for my PopSugar series which is
called fashion 101 and it's all about
shoes so I have a big pile of shoes here
a squid scratching yourself delightful
and a whole lot of makeup mess on my
beauty table as well as you can see and
as you can see I'm ready on the top I'm
ready to film with my makeup and my hair
and stuff but I still have my leggings
and my ugg boots on on the bottom
because comfort comes first guys and I
have my little heater on because it's
cold today it's actually super sunny
which is nice but it always gets cold in
this room because it used to be a garage
I don't know if I've said this in a vlog
before but my office room used to be a
garage and then they converted it to be
part of the house so it's always a bit
chilly so I've got my little heater on
but it looks like a beautiful day and
I'm here with the poops they are being
very good company today are being very
well behaved aren't you babies oh and
yes that's about it for now
hello everybody I'm in the car now with
Mike Mike is driving it's very dark so
I've got all these lights on which is
I'm sure very distracting anyway we're
off for dinner with Matt is Lucy coming
with our friends Matt Lucy I'm seeing
Lucy in ages cuz she's been working up
in Norfolk and now she's back and that
was a good story it wasn't it have you
had a nice day Michael a busy stressful
day well I had a stressed time filming
today one of those days where the
sunshine is like out the minute goes
away anything us out and then it goes
away I think it's when it's like
slightly cloudy and windy because
there's a few clouds and the wind like
blows flowers in front of the Sun and
create shade and then all of a sudden it
goes away so I was having to be like the
sun's out have to be like stop wait for
the Sun to go in and they'll be like
blue and the Sun comes out and I have to
stop again and wait if it's fun
yeah basically that's what it was like
so it was very stressful it it took me
like four hours to film something that
would take me like normally half an hour
because it was just very very annoying
so that's the frustrating part of the
day and yeah my eyes have been really
saw recently this eyes are really
bloodshot and I just I'm so sick of
wearing contact lenses I've decided but
I really want laser eye surgery so if
anyone has had laser eye surgery
watching this in the UK who would you
recommend have you had a good experience
a bad experience who did you use did
your eyes fall out
did they bleed like Halloween start no
I'm joking guys um yeah if you have bad
experiences don't tell me
yeah no do tell me as well but if
there's any way that you guys recommend
to look into I'm probably not going to
get it done soon because I will have to
find the fun somewhere I think it's like
few thousand pounds but I honestly the
last couple of weeks my eyes have just
been killing me from contact lenses and
it's been something I've been thinking
about it for a really long time and I've
decided that I'm gonna sort it out
sometimes it probably next year anyway
that was a waffle emic waffle love a
waffle fest and I'm gonna go back to
listening to Selena Gomez Mike is loving
it you didn't actually know this on
there I could come and get it on he was
like oh yeah I know this songs like well
do doesn't the radio yeah
you normally play your music radio my
car it works
yeah but normally you play your phone
anyways oh not always well we're going
to ZZ for dinner and I'm gonna eat a
slice of fried tomato no I'm not gonna
eat your piece of egg oh my just went so
badly when you're driving when you go
for a bump you're like normally I make
this Mike always makes fun of me because
normally good you go over and they're
like two seconds later can't handle the
stomach you g-force yeah I'm not sure
what I'm gonna eat they do good salads
but yeah maybe not well well it's
alright for some but I'm going to Italy
soon I'm going to Florence for the
weekend I'm super excited about
I got flights 450 pounds and I'm going
with my mom and Mike's mom I'm gonna
have a girly weekend and Mike's not
coming because he's a smelly boy boys
are stinky
boy stinky with beardy boys a beardy so
whilst you'll be growing your mustache
for Movember I'm going to do a video
okay he's going to do a video so we
don't need to say this okay bye guys
back home now we had a lovely dinner
with Matt and Lucy it's really nice to
catch up with them and I've got my glass
songs my eyes have been like Oh driving
me crazy but anyway I've got them on
we're home chilling out I'm gonna read
my book I'm currently reading Allegiant
by Veronica Roth which is the last one
in the divergent series and I'm trying
to read it as fast as I can so I can do
a review for you guys because I thought
that would be cool because I loved the
other two books so yeah I'm reading that
and Mike is watching some kind of
stand-up comedy which I don't like
stand-up comedy's that made me really
liked unfunny and boring I just like sat
on you in saying like yes that doesn't
make you really unfunny and boring I
like funny films and stuff I just don't
like stand that lovin it I just don't
like laughing currently having a fight
over a toy there little rascals little
monkeys
crazy stuff going on here guys we'll see
you tomorrow good bye I'm going to
London again tomorrow you are not going
to London and well we should come with
me well stop this antisocial
school nights I'm busy
we have discussed yankie now I am off to
another meeting exciting
