hey guys it's SuperDuper early in the
morning right now on vlog Tober day it's
at 22 today yes 22 and today it's
Tuesday I'm off to London for some
meetings and also to speak on the
company magazine beauty forum tonight
which is exciting as you can tell by my
distracted miss I'm a little bit late
trying to get everything packed in my
handbag I need an umbrella because the
weather it is horrendous I was up at
almost 5:00 this morning a puppy escape
puppy incoming yeah so the puppies are
going to wake Mike up now it's our
actually 7:30 he needs to wake up anyway
what am i coming in here for umbrella
smallest one available this one and I am
ready and I'm off and I'm not late while
I'm like two minutes late but I doesn't
even count bye I've made it to a rainy
London and I've actually just got out of
a couple of meetings that I went
straight into after catching my train
which I almost missed because after I
started my blog and going AHA I realize
I forgot my real card this is something
this happened like three times and I get
fined like 120 pounds picked it up and
then it may be late it's hard to run for
the drink but I made it and I'm now have
lip gloss in the pyramid applause I now
on my way to meet Tom and Jana and have
a lovely cup of tea with her
hey guys I'm with Tanya burr we have
just had some yummy tea and now I am off
to another meeting and you going to an
exciting ages and just fine oh my God
look at this construction thing it's
like one of them it's like a bit of
black isn't that creepy maybe that's
just me that finds that creepy but I
think it's been anyway so I am in those
latter a with yeah very long time and
I've just been sitting here the last 10
minutes and we've just been motormouth I
feel a little bit flustered I haven't
eaten anything all day and I've had
about five coffees
so to remedy this situation of being a
little giddy I am having an afternoon
tea I feel a little bit indulgent you
with your green she is eating about
having a salad but I have this could be
look at the size of these it's like a
whole you might get I love how you like
sandwiches but then like a lot of pace I
think normally the sandwich the cake
ratio is higher yeah
anyway I'm gonna eat this now because I
may just jump out the window
I feel a little shaky it's much they
sound I probably look totally frazzled
could is it it's pouring the brain I'd
like to Rachel ready and the taxi driver
just told me that it's going to be
continuing for like two weeks or three
weeks or something which is not cool
I've had a really really rushed
afternoon so after I left they love the
Amelia I went straight over to the
company Beauty forum which was awesome I
was speaking on a panel there which
actually went really well I thought it
was gonna be scarier than it was because
it wasn't to kind of like least a burden
like lots of kind of important people
like the director the director the
editor of company might see and stuff
it's actually really nice and informal
and I got to meet lots of bloggers who
had been reading my blog for a long time
which was really cool because I love
meeting people and yeah then I headed
over for a quick dinner with one of my
oldest friends and his new girlfriend
which was really exciting and she was
lovely which is always good I think with
friends you want to get on with that
partner so now I'm in a train station
waiting to train and I probably look
like hell
because I feel like it that's before but
yeah I am tired now I mean 10 o'clock
train home so I won't be home till quite
late hopefully Michael still be awake I
hope soon and I'm gonna go and try to
find a book for the train as well
because I would like to read on the
train yes hello hello hello hello hello
my puppy one party two's left the room
and excuse me puppy 3 somebody I know
has had a snazzy new haircut today
please it's very very nice haircut but
only because I've dragged through a
hedge backwards Oh any lovely look at
that beard I got to say is accumulating
underneath the chin there quite heavily
like a thick rug
I'm gonna relieve this now I got it in
my little miracle you know Yosemite you
get me an apple juice nothing like an
apple juice I'm enduring this because it
looks healthy I've got oh my good back
probably company thing how's your day
been top banana
Oh
you organize be some brushes to the
bottom the gerotor something's burning
you are just about cooking within about
five minutes
