hey guys it's vlog Toba day 21 and today
is SuperDuper early I have to get up
early today it is Monday everybody hates
Mondays
but today I am going to take my grandma
to the hospital this morning she's
actually having like a slight laser
thing with her eye cuz she's already had
one done and it didn't like it needs a
little tweak of something like that and
obviously she can't drive after having
laser so I'm driving her to Azir
hospital and then I've got lots and lots
of filming and blogging and all that
jazz to do squeegees just finished her
breakfast haven't you switcheroo you're
just checking out where squeak oh boy
squish says good morning Treecko okay
you're slightly weird tricky what you
doin pinky you've been you just hoping
for more food I think she's just hoping
for more food anyway so that is what is
happening today Mike is somewhere
upstairs I think he got up late oh my
god last night I started watching Haven
and I think I'm like 5 years behind on
this because I watched the pilot like
last year and I finally like managed to
get around to watching the rest of it
cuz I just downloaded the one episode to
see what it was like liked it and then
totally forgot about it and then I
remembered about it came up in my like
recommended I choose something whatever
it's called generator I've been watching
it like super late last night sayin I'm
gonna make some coffee
breakfast hey guys so it is the
afternoon time now and I have been
writing blog posts all afternoon I'm now
gonna take some pictures here is my
little crazy camera caught
I have assistant number one looking out
the window it is a miserable rainy day
and I have assistant number two licking
her leg or biting her leg like a sweet
corn how delightful and I have no linen
on my day bed that normally has really
nice cushions all the cushions down the
side here I wonder why that is
treacle I wonder why they
no stuff on the bed was it because you
had really muddy paws and jumped on it
who me you was it you was it you it was
you I know it with you you little
monkeys right I'm gonna take some
pictures that is a sneak peak and what
you can see on my blog this week if you
don't read my blog then you should good
bye
I'm just taking my little angels aka
Devils for a walk I don't know where
treecko's gone but squid guru is there
Daisy she has got a smell and it's
smelling the smells you pork in the door
and got cooking within about five
minutes longer you cooking today Michael
meet the Bob meatballs with spaghetti
spaghetti Spanish Spanish
you just have to wait she's gonna go
crazy when you fall out
I'm not gonna do that with lying face
hey just making it up as you go along
there's a little predator down here
she's like 50/50 do I go for scraps or
do I go for the dishwasher oh yeah it's
the spicy meatball I don't think it's
spicy I'm gonna put some cheese on mine
this DIY dessert tomorrow I basically
thought you know what I'd like a dessert
I I wanted to chop a biscuit and my
biscuits the plane so I thought you know
what I know where I've got some
chocolate what he doesn't know is that I
was doing the exact same thing earlier
this year so I'm currently running an
ice bar you guys want to see my bathroom
and my bathroom tour video running
mighty hot steaming and also could've
been with I also have my candle lit and
I'm going to go in my little cupboard
and use up my very last look the labels
even faded off golden wonder bath bomb
this is from last Christmas not this
Christmas and I believe they haven't
continued it for this year the golden
wonder I'm gonna unwrap it for you one
set it's so freakin cool it looks like a
present and when you shake it it like
has something inside that you think it's
a present which is really awesome and
then when you put it in the wall up
there it does
I'm gonna have a bar and then probably
gonna watch another episode of Haven cuz
I'm totally addicted and that's gonna be
it for this evening I think I believe we
have two naughty little puppies that
have snuck their way upstairs onto the
bed with Mike hello puppies what are you
doing what are you doing I might come
and chill here with you guys
hooah squid is like oh yeah this is my
favorite toy new favorite toy I'm having
a nice bath it's all relaxing up here
and yes great but I'm actually wasn't
really it's about car safety that's not
good
I can't watch this kind of stuff you
drive too fast it makes me worry
interpellation anyway like guys we'll
see you all tomorrow bye goodbye is
based in a futuristic dystopian version
of Chicago and is based around this
community people who are living there
and their society is
