hey guys so today I'm going to be doing
something a little bit different for
this channel I'm going to be doing a
book review of the third and final
installment in the divergent scenarios
by Veronica Roth which is Allegiant this
video was actually being filmed a little
bit later than the 20th of October this
book came out in the 22nd but I left a
gap here because I knew I was wrong
running about a week late in my uploads
and I really wanted to post and review
this book as soon as I could and as soon
as I finished reading it which I have
done I finished it this morning and I
thought I would do a review for you guys
if you are not familiar with the
divergent series I will give you a
little bit of a rundown first of all I
should mention as well I am a massive
massive fan of the first two so that's
the reason why I'm doing this book
review the first two books I absolutely
loved and I read them super super
quickly as I did this one Veronica Roth
I didn't actually know this until I
started reading this book he's younger
than me which is pretty incredible she
has like three well this isn't
best-selling yet but I'm pretty sure it
will be bestselling and yeah she has
three amazing books that's pretty that's
a pretty incredible accomplishment for
somebody of that
age anyway without further ado a bit of
an intro if you haven't read the
divergent series if you like The Hunger
Games or Maze Runner
any kind of teen fiction dystopian
society based books then you will
probably love this series this is
actually I think this is my favorite out
of all three of those because even
though I love The Hunger Games I thought
the first book was so much better than
the next two books then it kind of made
me a bit I don't know it left me a
little bit disappointed anyway so
divergent is based in a futuristic
dystopian version of Chicago in a night
exactly sure and of when it's taking
place but there's a strange Society
which is built up on the basis of five
different factions and these five
factions are based on the fundamental
kind of attributes of human nature I
guess as they've been identified by this
society so there is dauntless which is
based on bravery there's Amity which is
based on kindness and friendliness there
is abnegation which based on selfless
there's erudite which is based on
intelligence I'm not sure if I'm saying
that right I never know you know when
you read books and you never have to
pronounce something yeah like that and
then there is candle which is based on
being truthful so obviously with any of
these kind of books it's a little bit of
a strange setup and you do question in
the beginning like why do they not kind
of wonder what is outside the city which
they do by the third book but in the
beginning you're kind of just learning
about the society so the story is based
around Beatrice who later becomes Tris
she is sixteen-year-old girl who is
going through the process of choosing
which faction she is going to be part of
because they have a choosing ceremony at
sixteen
so you see Tris having this kind of
emotional dilemma of whether or not to
leave her parents which faction to join
she ends up joining dauntless and the
first book is mainly about her kind of
development and her experience of
joining this new faction and what
happens in the second book you see more
problems arise and a kind of a war kind
of starts to begin and in the third book
which is Allegiant you see the war
within the city kind of starts to
develop but you also see some of the
characters leaving the city to see what
the lies beyond and I'm not going to
ruin it for you guys if you haven't read
it before however just a little bit of a
like run through the book I personally
love this I thought it was a bit slow at
the beginning but I think this is mainly
because I haven't read the other books
for over a year so I was kind of
reminding myself the story and
reconnecting with characters because I
feel like when you've read a book
immediately afterwards you feel so
attached to the characters but you kind
of forget about them and you forget kind
of who's done what in the past
especially when you're reading a series
like this where you've read two books
before but you haven't read them for a
while and trying to pick up where you
left off because this actually starts
immediately after the second book has
finished so you are kind of expect to
just pick up where you left off which is
why I would recommend if you haven't
read any of these books at all yet I
recommend reading them now because they
make
so much better seven when you're reading
them like right next to each other so it
took me a while to kind of get into the
story I got totally hooked about a
quarter of the way through and read the
rest in like lightning speed because you
just want to devour it it's one of those
stories it's not that hard to read it
isn't actually that long a book if you
look at the size of the print it is
fairly thick so it didn't take me too
long to read it but I did really really
enjoy it
I felt like she could have gone a little
bit further into the history of why
their society exists there was a lot of
kind of without ruining the story I'm
trying to like think how I can say this
but although they do kind of learn a lot
more about why they're there and why
their society exists it doesn't go much
further into the history of the world
that they're living in which I would
have really loved it to do I feel like
if there was a fourth book it could do
that
although the end does kind of around the
whole story up very well I saw on
Twitter and online in general that there
has been a lot of kind of bad feeling
towards this book because the ending
without ruining anything the ending
isn't all roses and I feel like a lot of
people when they're reading books want
there to be a happy ending which is fair
enough and this book doesn't have the
worst ending but there are sad things
that happen and I wasn't too
disappointed by it really I felt like I
don't know I felt like the author was
quite brave to feel strong enough to end
a book in that way without giving away
what happens because I felt like there
is a lot of pressure to it for it to be
you know all oh and everyone lived
happily ever after
so I think she was quite brave to finish
it in that way and I still really really
enjoyed the book what I do think is when
this is made into a movie which it is
going to be I think it's this year or
next year the first one's going to come
out I think they're gonna struggle with
keeping the same ending when they make
this into a movie because I feel like
there's even more
in films to end on like a happy note so
I'll be interested to see if they change
the plot of the movie actually but all
in all like I really really enjoyed this
book I would definitely recommend it and
the divergent series in general massive
thanks to El from all the glitters
because she was alone introduced me to
this series way back when I started
reading it I don't know when it was it
was over a year ago I'm sure but I read
the first books within like a day each I
absolutely loved them so a big thanks to
her for recommending them if you haven't
read them at all I would definitely
recommend the series because it is
really really gripping and it's I don't
know I feel like in a wedding I'm too
old to be reading like teen fiction but
I just absolutely love that genre of
writing I just find it really
interesting it's really easy to read and
yeah just generally really enjoyable and
I can't wait to see the movies and if
you have read the other two you
definitely need to read the third one if
you loved the first book enough to read
the second book you're gonna love this
one so if you read my blog well if you
don't read my blog then I am actually
having a giveaway I'm giving away 20
copies of this so if you do want to read
it and you want to begin with a chance
of winning a free one then over the link
below and you guys can head over to my
blog and find out how to win one all you
have to do is write a comment basically
but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I will see you tomorrow when I
will be back on my normal daily vlogging
form it's actually the order either
I'm late started my blog today
