good morning guys it's vlog Toba day 19
it's actually not morning either good
afternoon guys I am late starting my
vlog today because I woke up late and
then I've literally been sitting here
editing and writing blog posts and I am
having a nice cosy relaxed Saturday
morning I am under my snuggle rug with
my squeegee Mike is here usually make me
a cup of tea did you really not just
make me a cup see what okay so I just
went through a rollercoaster of emotions
right then because I thought Mike walked
in like this holding tea and biscuits
and then reach down next to me and put
something on the floor so I thought he'd
made me a cup of tea well I got a little
Sequoia teeth is it gone thanks for that
Mike hope you guys didn't mind but I had
some lipstick on my teeth so I'm gonna
put like this for now just cuz I'm
smiling too hard anyway I'm having a
glasses day today and giving my eyes a
bit of a rest but talk back to the story
I thought you'd made me a cup of tea and
I was like oh that's so sweet and I I
don't really drink that much - usually
when people make it for me I drink a
couple of sips then leave it but I was
literally like oh that's so sweet of him
he just made me come to him brought it
in and then even so I went from being
thinking it was so nice to thinking he's
a big fat meanie
and by the way sexy get up you've got on
today so what are you putting on oh
please not golf Oh football that's even
worse oh dear Mike right I am carrying
on with my videos I'm just putting up a
new video on bribed door falls yeah
that's about it for now
hey baby
everyone says I don't love tricky
because I don't show her in vlogs very
much and honestly guys like you couldn't
be more wrong I freaking love treacle so
much but well she is your dog for starts
quizzes like my dog and treacle is like
Mike's dog so obviously I'm gonna show
squidge more and I'm vlogging but also
Chico's very very independent she is
constantly like running around doing her
own thing
squidge is just with me all the time
like this all the time she follows me
around like a little shadow and treacle
is always a bit like I don't want to be
in your vlog yeah
so that's true story true story see you
later so I'm off the sofa now and I'm
heading off to visit my uncle in
hospital very sad and worrying that he's
in hospital but hopefully you'll be
coming out on Monday I think yeah I'm
going to visit him with my mom and my
brother so I thought I would do a little
outfit of the day that sounds quite
weird doesn't it Hospital outfit of the
day
but hey hey this is like a Saturday
outfit of the day not just a house
laughs the other day if Mike could hold
the camera that might be quieter what
are you doing he just not cause I always
cooking a pizza for himself for lunch
can you show everybody my outfit once
that's more than one seconds as at least
30 seconds don't melt your headphones oh
look at your pizza using turn this way
so I can see so basically if you go down
I'm wearing this scarf which I'm
obsessed with I got this nearly three
years ago now from Free People when I
was in New York and I've been wearing it
loads recently as you guys were probably
but been able to see in my vlogs but I
love it it's like purple it has a little
green and a little grey a little white
yeah and then I'm wearing this huge
baggy jumper e-type it's actually not
like t-shirt material but yeah I got
this if you go down a little bit from
ASOS there treacle what are you wearing
today
spots a fur coat and it's real
how rude treacle awaits attach these so
yeah I'm wearing this on braying like
loose jump I think which is huge and
baggy but it's so comfy and I love it
has like cold shoulder details there and
then I'm wearing with our leggings which
I haven't taken off and wear Chanel
boots and I will need I will definitely
need a coat because it's freezing I'm
gonna get my coat
I'm gonna eat something actually before
I go yeah I just eat Mike's pizza we
have some chicken
I could make some soup really quickly
and take it in the car my almost coming
to pick me up who knows I think I'll
need some chicken see you a bit later
alligators okay guys so Mike and I are
currently in the park we have had this
issue with our new car for the last week
okay there's been this rattle this
god-awful rattle which I wish we had
recorded because just to show you how
annoying well every time you turn the
corner or brake or accelerate it it
sounded like there was marble like
rolling around under the seat and last
night we were just like I can't deal
with this anymore we've got to find this
Marvel so am I can I being as crazy as
we are decided to determine where this
marble was and I'm not gonna lie it was
dangerous driving last night when I was
sticking my head like underneath the
passenger seat trying to work out where
it was however we found out where it was
it was in a fuse box under the back seat
down there if you guys can see you can't
see it was down there but we've just
been driving round and around to our
driveway trying to get it Mike's had his
hand down there he's had a magnet down
there and we finally managed to find it
lo and behold what the effing hell was
it a marble it was literally in a few
underneath the passenger seat mr. marble
you are the most annoying effing marble
I have ever experienced in my life and
you know what I'm gonna do let's throw
you out the window
I'm gonna throw it into that Bush let's
throw it on the grass but you guys
marble was killing me drive around so I
can see whether we've actually it's
I'll come on it it's gotta be that okay
you hold we're not driving on the road
but yes really okay oh it's gone it's
gone it's gone
yes it's day 18 I'd say I'm doing
another time video today so I thought
you guys might like to see this tag
