hey guys today's vlog hope a day 18 and
today I'm doing another tag video
because I'm not doing anything very
interesting today so I thought you guys
might like to see this tag and I thought
seeing as Halloween is coming up I
thought it might be quite fun to do it's
a scariest thing tag I found this online
I don't really see many people do it so
if you want to do it I tag you and
without further ado there are seven
questions to answer now they're all
about being scared and scare scary
things and I'm not very good with a lot
so I thought it might be quite if I want
to do the first question is what is a
scariest real-life experience and
actually don't have that many scary real
life experiences personally I'm quite
scared of flying and I've been on a few
like flights from Hell where I actually
thought we were gonna crash everyone on
the plane start screaming it's just
turbulence but everyone thinks we're
gonna die like just awful so for me
that's probably the most scared that I
get in day-to-day kind of real life is
if I'm on a bad flight I've only ever
had two or actually three I was on a
flight once when I was a kid that got
struck by lightning
that was scary and just like dropped and
then just carried on but yeah that was
scary all the lights went off um number
two your scariest paranormal experience
I've never had a paranormal experience
by always I'm like imagining that
there'll be like a ghost or something
what was quite scary in Mike's parents
house it wasn't didn't happen to me so I
might not exactly I'm just gonna tell a
ghost story is Mike's sister is actually
like gets up really early and goes to
the gym every day and one day she was
sitting at the kitchen table facing the
window and in the window behind her she
saw a figure walk past behind her and
she was like
and in the same house she's also gotten
an says really early in the morning as
well and heard the door open and closed
and the door in their house is this
really distinctive sound because the
doorknob like is really noisy and the
door like makes a heavy sound when it
shuts and so she heard the door open and
closed and then no one came into the
room she was like oh that's weird and
then her dad got up ladies Herman came
down to breakfast
squiddy's growling right now her dad got
up later in K squared you're freaking me
out her dad got up later and came down
to breakfast and she was like oh dad did
you come downstairs open the door
earlier he was like no I literally just
woke up and your mom has been smoked
morning - yeah so that's pretty spooky
but for me personally like I never had
anything scary happen there but I would
always like run through the hallway so
being scared if it if I'm on my own and
it was late at night but apart from that
I've never like seen a ghost or anything
and I don't want to number three have
you known anyone convicted of a violent
crime someone I was at school with this
is like really like scary some when I
was at school it actually got put in
prison for murdering his dad and
chopping him up and bury him in the
garden which is pretty scary
like I mean that kind of stuff doesn't
happen to anyone else I know I didn't
know him very well but yeah that was
kind of scary
and number four are you afraid of the
dark why or why not yes I'm afraid of
the dark whenever I'm on my own
I sleep with the light on and I know
that makes me feel like the lighting has
gone way dark in here let me switch my
laptop the lighting I've been trying to
film videos in the morning and the
lighting is just crazy
you know those days where we go super
bright and then duck and then swim right
in the dock not cool anyway so I yeah I
always sleep with a light on when I'm on
where where Mike's here I think we're
like off because I like to feel a bit
safer but if I'm on my own and all the
way through childhood and adulthood when
I've been on wearing life
parrot ass and stuff I always have a
lifestyle not necessarily the main like
just like a side like all the light in
the corridor so I can see something I'm
a very like easy sleeper so I can sleep
with light in the room I know a lot of
people have to have like full blackness
to sleep but I also find it easier to
wake up if it is not really dark in the
room especially in the winter when it's
dark when I wake up and your alarm goes
off it's a pitch black I just feel like
I've been dragged out of the depths and
sleep surface a little bit like I feel
much better about myself so it's not
really that much to do it's Gary boogie
man but then I do if I'm on my own I do
worry about that I like worried
someone's gonna like and once this time
gave me number five does your hometown
have any scary stories or legends no
that's really boring isn't it
I feel like dice I feel like that's a
weird thing I know the feel like I don't
know many legends about many towns like
London I guess they could Jack the
Ripper's up like that but I don't know
number six what is your favorite urban
legend I don't believe it put the whole
like Bloody Mary thing in front of a
mirror I still would never do it I'm
sure there's like a load of variations
on this like this I think Sandman is one
all I got I I would just never ever do
it also
Ouija boards scared of freaking bejesus
out of me I would never do we do board
my aunt did one once and I think one of
the people who was doing with her died
the next week or something like that and
I just wouldn't ever do it too scary for
me and number seven what is your
scariest nightmare
I have scary nightmares all the time a
lot of time live all the zombies I'm
really into zombies I like zombie films
and stuff when I find them really scary
but I have a lot of dreams about zombies
and also of people like murdering people
people and you have to fight them off
with Mike or with my friends and stuff
which is quite weird but it's zombies
are like my most frequent like scary
nightmare and I have like zombie
apocalypse dreams and it always ends in
like that situation where you're making
the last stand and you're the last ones
there and it's all looking bad and then
I like
kind of like we're all gonna die there's
always I get again this but then I'm
like oh I actually I'm awake in my bed
so yeah that was the scariest thing tag
if you guys want to do this and leave it
as a video response that would be
awesome
I hope you will have a cool Halloween I
will see you know I just went oh right I
was watching the boat sinking in that
you thought
