hey guys today's Thursday the 17th day
of October and I am getting so sleepy
well so I'm editing I have been editing
since about or filming and editing it's
about 9 o'clock and it's now half past
12 and I'm quite smoothie for some
reason I find everything like a really
therapeutic thing to do and it does
quite often make me feel sleepy
especially when it gets the point where
I've watched the video over a load of
times whilst I'm addressing it and then
I'm like adding little final touches
here and there I'm just like this 500
times before I could go to sleep the
sound of my own voice is that a worry
anyway today I am going to see Lizzie
which is awesome it's her day off and
she's coming back to the area for the
day and I'm going over for lunch which
is exciting
after I've edited which I'm gonna finish
off doing that hello guys I am at Lucy's
house now it looks like I am in the
center of the Sun because of the
backlight but I am NOT Lizzie is here we
just had the most delicious lunch which
I can't show you because we ate it
already so basically I left my camera at
home and my phone ran out of battery
just as I got here
so I couldn't vlog the food that we ate
but I can vlog my cup of coffee that I'm
drinking
it's a fleeting visit listings come home
for the day of their day off and I was
late I went to the doctor's and I had to
sit there for like half an hour waiting
even though I turned up on time this is
what we had some baked camembert with
garlic and quince jelly and rosemary and
it was good and we also had well so we
have some some bread smoked salmon pate
and we had
patter stuff with cheap nice sunlight
with me and there was also some salami
as well I wasn't usually healthy but it
was hugely delicious and any other
things to report on your endless you got
a haircut since you last saw her I like
it it does it looks okay and my forehead
looks big so yeah that is what I'm doing
not much else to report
really I'm gonna go back home because
this is holding off Oh wedding prick can
I open it I have an on camera oh oh wow
is it what is it is it appropriate to
vlog yeah it's not like too personal
okay this from Lacey's mom and dad for
our wedding I'm opening it without mic
look guys that's cool I wanna eat it
where do you think I should put this
guys let me know in the comments section
below and thank you too Lizzy sparrows
you will never watch this my lovely
husband appears to be cooking for me
this evening I've just been editing in
the sitting room and I'm a little
bleary-eyed cuz it's just bit in one of
those editing days you know and you're
just like what you don't know where eyes
anyway what are you cooking MDF
chef chef before so that's a lot of
butter for it doesn't look as big on
camera but in real life as a lot that's
not butter and mashed potatoes yeah you
thought was an easy active Vitamix yeah
because you always make that but a
healthy option in fryer that what is
actifry I thought what's good an
airfryer could be enough run yeah well
you just made it up as an acci fryer no
there is something called a nancy fryer
it might be the name of the creatures
from their fire anyway what's nice
potato ricer take a ricer
what you do I'm gonna use the tongs
you're so you seriously have OCD I think
it's the way to do it if you don't do it
properly then they don't come out well
so check out this you ready yeah I'm
ready nobody can handle this so just
come on man
oh my goodness that smashed
straightaways mashed that's really
tedious mind you it doesn't mush the
smooth this mash in town and then he's
got a few veggies there that's in here
carrots
oh yeah what a good guess we got some
carrots and then what is the the meat
feast this evening his shoulder of pork
with rosemary check you out
that's why I married him look at that
tasty man would you look at that first
slice of fried tomato or lack of fried
tomato tasty oh yeah
what are you having for pudding whatever
what am i putting cheese someone's got a
little fan there treat you're not
allowed to use game but I love cake
we're gonna guilty little lies and
someone again is on let it'll heated rug
and we are watching Argo which party is
amazing according to my campaign please
pause it whilst I go to the ladies room
Oh start again what are you doing yeah
what are you doing
do you have a cup of tea people yes
did he catch chilling Holmes is on
someone's ignoring you in the corner
hello you what you feel me
no I just plenty camera someone on the
phone I was watching another photos
hanging in there Instagram
you thought I was on the phone sold a
half 11:00 at night well you did ring
your dad right not that long ago dear
well someone's cuddling someone I think
someone's got a bit of an addiction to
the Tillamook lava rock she's got a
problem she sits on it so long that she
like almost passes out she'll then get
up and be like hey their eyes go better
funny I'm like squidgy you need to go
and settle the floor for a minute and
she won't she'll just sit on it
so we have to switch it off didn't we
squidge did someone likes it as well hey
Ricky she's very very chilled
well good time now teeth see you later
my favorite perks of being an auntie
