good morning guys for October day 6 jr.
and today I am off to London with my mum
and my granny and I'm actually trying to
get a load of editing done it's
currently 829 I woke up super early this
morning and it was still dark and it's
so cold I honestly I got dressed and put
my dressing gown back on over the top of
my clothes and even now I'm still
wearing my coat my fake fur-lined coat
inside so yeah it's cold today and I
have a cold like reoccurrence I think I
don't know if it's gonna be a different
cold I hope not but I'm feeling really
sniffily so yes very wintry today but
I'm off to London like I said with my
mom and my granny which should be a nice
day out I've got a ton of editing to do
in the car on the way down there so I'm
gonna take my laptop and my headphones I
know that's really under social but I
need to upload a load of videos my
uploading speed at our house although
it's actually a lot faster than it was
when we first moved in because there are
actually some trees touching the wires
which we cut down and it's a lot faster
now it still takes about 5 to 10 hours
to upload videos so as opposed to 20 to
24 hours before so it's not ideal so I'm
actually gonna upload a load of videos
at my sister's because she has lightning
speed internet this is my porridge I'm
gonna eat it now and I will see you
either in London or on the way to London
oh and the puppies say good morning they
are currently terrorizing the cat come
on pinky come on leave her alone guys
animal pandemonium in my house so it
drops granny off with Hannah and I am
with mum
hello and we are in fret having a little
snackette and mum has the lighting in
here is insane
mum has a mushroom risotto soup really
good really I got a chicken wrap and
some green tea
so I've swapped mum for Hanna and we're
now in H&M looking at baby clothes one
of my favourite perks of being an aunty
look at all this what have we got for
you look at it got gloves to see hey
jazzy chords I think they might be a bit
jazzy I like the green ones the orange
or a little bright I think they're cool
bit spike has such cool style he's like
such a little dude yeah I think he can
he's got better style than any other guy
I know can we find something for the
Lukey what about this mm very
leopard-print juillet maybe not oh baby
clothes
I've just got home and I don't think the
puppies have clocked yet because they
haven't started barking or anything so
I'm going to Surprise them
hello hey guys hey guys I missed you
yeah nice day hello twiki bear no oh
guys how you doing how you doing how you
doing
are you watching something like Ice Road
Truckers
car thing yeah how's your day been well
it's nice to be home look at that beard
beard and you can remember no I don't
think so
I think you should do it what about just
in the American No Shave November No
Shave November so much better
Movember sounds so much better than
no-shave November do you not think guys
comment below I think you should do it
to raise money like a fool enough of the
big rascal oh you don't you want to do
it not particularly looking like a silly
Billy I think you'll be good same your
month you pretty much got it sorted
already look you just shaved the rest of
the beard off - if I could make it go
like that and like works it long but
that would be so good nothing no I think
you should do it though for charity you
miserable monkey it's gritty what are
you doing
cheering Killian this one is certainly
killing today what are you building
around the room Oh Wicky with the boy
naughty poopies right guys I'm gonna go
and snuggle with my three bears
sounds like Goldilocks story I will see
you tomorrow bye over day
today we're halfway through October ha
wonders did not miss Bonnie months it's
actually pretty late now letting me
smell
