morning guys is flog Toma day 15 today
we're halfway through vlog Toba how on
earth did that happen the month is
flying past it's actually pretty late
now I think it's about half 11 and I
still haven't had my breakfast I'm gonna
make some porridge yeah with almond milk
which is here and I hope don't really
have much more to say about that I'm
burning when you Campbell my frosted
cranberry candle which smells oh so good
it is officially candle season and Mike
is outside doing something that
thoroughly proves that it is the end of
summer I'm gonna show you what he's
doing it makes me immensely sad what are
you up to Michael I'm putting the bar
board the stuff away from summertime I
took this out which is all the fat
catcher I'm not kidding it was a
perfectly layered so there's no squidgy
like the smell of that yes yeah we have
a lot of barbecues in the summer guys
then Mike is Cheech are calling all very
clean if this is a gas barbecue so that
is just dead just filled fuel and food
moving
are you putting the garden furniture way
everything the way everything is going
away because it's now rubbish time of
year so we don't get system Mike's not
working today he's got day off cinema
later well on the basis I've got a lot
of jobs to maybe maybe is that a yes
maybe I don't know there maybe maybe
what's on I don't know actually find out
gravity I want to see gravity without
anyone yeah it was that when I was in LA
yummy is the new Tom Hanks movie oh yeah
is that that's this weekend captain
Phillips yeah looks amazing I'm cold now
I'm gonna go inside goodbye my part is
done I'm gonna sweeten it with a little
bit of this stuff if you guys haven't
seen this before its liquid stevia
so it's sugar-free and it is plant-based
it's not chemical and it's cinnamon
flavor so it's basically like cinnamon
sweetener so it's really good important
it's also really good in coffee which I
am currently making this is my new
coffee machine hello we actually got
this as a wedding present and I'm so
excited to have a coffee machine again
because our last one broke just pour
moved house so I'm very excited and it's
an espresso one too so we have these
capsules and the ones that I like the
most I think maybe a Patel because
they're all at the top are the vanilla
flavored ones which are really good
didn't used to be able to get flavored
coffee from Nespresso they're kind of a
bit snobby when it comes to that and I
feel like the K Cups or whoever makes
those people make K Cups in the States
though right they have so many flavors
and they're so good like honestly I made
one Ingrid's house the other day that
was like hazelnut cappuccino and it was
so sweet and tasty it literally tasted
like a Starbucks right out of your
coffee machine so Nespresso if you're
watching this you need to up your game
because you guys just make plain coffee
and it means that I add to her I add to
have I have to add tasty things like
cinnamon stevia so come on guys start
making some tasty coffee it is two
o'clock now so it's past lunchtime but
Mike and I
are going for romantic lunch date
together I asked in via Twitter if
anyone saw that I've just finished
filming my what's in my bathroom video
which involved a lot of organizing and
cleaning and filming and I'm feeling
tired I'm not gonna lie Jett like sucks
and I just walked in to find Mike here
is looking on YouTube on something
Reba's are and I've just worked out what
it is because you just brought it inside
my phone and your phone's ringing
what is it what it was it they say this
is how to close slash fold MINI
Convertible winter flex yeah see flirt
has this for her mini which is obviously
quite big and it comes I didn't realize
you can fold it up as the base falls and
the last year two years ever since we've
had this we haven't known how to fold it
in half fold it I can't remember just
lift it up apparently you do this yes
and it was taking up so much space in my
car when I had it in my car no loading
back up neatly total ready for the
winter can we go eat some sushi now sure
I can I just having a little Fall Out
Boy's sing-along turn music off just to
tell you that goodbye
it's so crazy cold outside guys I have a
nice miso soup spicy tuna an adult I'm
oh yeah you take curry your phone is
always ringing so popular it's Christmas
in John Lewis guys Christmas vlogmas as
much as I'm loving the Christmas
decorations okay when you look up there
all stars were that's so cool it's
purely for Christmas isn't it it's all
taking the early for Christmas
decorations never too early for
Christmas chocolates though I may have
stopped at a few shops on the way back
from eating sushi actually might wanted
to go to the Apple store to get a case
for his new Mac because no Mac Mac
because Mike has become a Mac man so I'm
gonna do a little caramel first of all
I'm gonna show you this but I'm not
going to show you what's inside because
it's a huge bag of lush goodies
christmas has arrived at lush I'm gonna
do like a proper haul with this stuff
but what I did buy for the car because
squidge was in here yesterday and I'm
not gonna lie it smells a tad bit doggy
so I bought two more they called air
fresheners that's the one in sparkling
cinnamon which is one of my favorite
Yankee Candle air freshener ones
normally I just have one of these in my
car but because I am used to driving a
mini and this is bigger I'm gonna have
to because I thought we can put one in
the back where the dogs going because
hopefully what also should have arrived
at home today is a dog guard for the
boot so the dogs are gonna sit in the
boot instead of in the front which is
gonna be a big change for them because
they're pompous anyway I got the lush
stuff and then and then we went to Apple
there's a few things I can show you in
here there's a couple of things for the
Christmas gift guide which I can't show
you but Mike and I went ahead and got
matching laptop covers mine is ping to
display when you say matching you
basically copied I basically copied him
because he got black one but look at the
pink one it's so awesome
anyway we are now leaving town at five
o'clock ultimate fail traffic central
who spells that yours yours pretty much
the guy in Apple that took ages ringing
us at all and then the guy he was really
nice but we were chatting away for ages
and then he messed up the transaction
had to redo it and then you got stuck in
o2 trying to fix your phone for ages
going from B to a 2 but hopefully we
finally fixed a year later a year later
your phone is finally working with
future we just got home to discover in
the utility room and rather lot of mess
puppies this used to be a suit bag from
Mike's suit and it was over there on the
windowsill and they managed to jump down
and chew it up thank goodness they
didn't chew anything else because my
boots are up there we've also got some
bath mats and towels and stuff so I'm
glad that they took this up but still it
is a little bit of mess we've gone for
about an hour two hours probably these
puppies are naughty pups and by the way
we do have very sexy mustard yellow
units in here which I'm going to shut
the door on those because they aren't
the miss tasteful
yeah the puppies are a bit frustrated
today because squidge is hurt Hellenic
she hasn't been allowed out for the
secret w words here she is and here is
treacle bum and they've created a lot of
mess in there as well with actually no
that's just leaves
that's just leaves what have you got
there
or the dog guard haha no more dogs in
the front
guys were you up to say Karev squeegee
tweak above I got a phone call from
Hanna today saying well I'm going to see
her tomorrow with my mom saying that
spikes nursery are having a dog donation
charity day where all the little kiddies
have to bring in old dog toys or dog
beds or blankets to donate to the dog
shelter so Hanna doesn't really have any
toys for Cioffi and she knows that these
guys have quite a few toys so she's
asked me to look through the toy chests
and find out which toys the puppies
might not be playing with so much these
are the ones that they've we've already
been through and we're coming up yes
petracles they're yours are they TWiki
bum yeah they're tree calls this is the
screegit
as you can see squidge has a pouch on
for the fluffy ones treacle more so the
big kind of boyish ones so we've been
going through this was actually tree
keys baby blanket can we search the
football off its mute it Treecko
okay so Treecko won't let get rid of the
blanket okay that's fair enough you were
born with that tree to them the cat the
cat this is my actual dog toy this is
also a fairly popular one squidge maybe
it's not so popular I think how we
thinking about you can't really get oh
no oh wait she's go for it so this one
is actually one of their favorites we're
not giving that away cuz they play with
it all the time they love that one as do
they love this one those are both gifts
from tarty this one is seriously whoa
seen some action this one
how can we give that one away guys
you know what I think we can give away
this one they don't play with this one
very often they also love that one
tricky tricky house scene that she
hasn't seen this it she's really young
they're tricky do you like that one
we're not even donate it for charity no
I think they can probably have this one
too calm and they don't yeah we do have
some home filler they don't actually
like you I'm gonna wash them all I think
we might also donate this one which is
also a gift from Tasha sorry Tasha
they don't actually like this one as
much as they'd like oh my goodness
tricky it's fair to say that one is not
getting donated
oh dear guys we've got a noisy night
ahead of us someone like imagine if we
buy her a full-size space hopper Oh guys
your spoils
you're very spoiled by who me I'm not
you are which is watching her oh my
goodness little wrinkles creaky bum why
don't you come cuddle with us you grumpy
one
hello cherry boy he's sleepy
someone has got herself very sleepy from
playing with her toys I have managed
finally to find a link to watch American
story American Horror Story cover I've
been looking all week I didn't manage to
watch it when I was in the States
even though I was there when it came out
which is so annoying but anyway I'm
watching online now with squidge
squeegees here I was lying just behind
her here in our little heated rug I
don't know why Ricky won't come and
cuddle she I think she's exhausted from
playing and I'm not sure why Mike isn't
he must
they'll stare but it's really really
creepy and I think I'm gonna like freak
myself out so ya squared you'd better be
brave and look after me yeah yeah
totally you could scare off any witches
huh not sure about that anyway that's it
for today guys I will see you tomorrow
when London tomorrow switches just been
to the bat I suspected she was
absolutely fine she was so much cheaper
