good morning peoples and welcome to vlog
2 or day 14 today I am eating porridge
for breakfast
it is officially winter it's freezing
cold the UGG boots are out oh yeah they
are
unflattering but cozy and the porridge
is out it's all kind of dried up now
because I've eaten most of any way but
porridge and I've got coffee in my
missus coffee mug if you've got T in
your mr. coffee mug
hey hey mr. and mrs. Mike's going off to
work today
I am staying here and I've got a few
errands to run and I'm gonna be filming
a sneaky sneaky video however we have a
little invalid somewhere here squidgy
someone's hurt their leg haven't you
quit you so we're taking you to the vet
just to go check just to get a check I
think - fine but we want to just make
sure because she's very anxious enjoying
the castle
she's very pressured aren't you and
treacle is is terrorizing the cat the
cats like semi enjoying it and then
freaks out runs away so she can be
gentle with her you guys you guys are
naughty are you ready for the vets she's
like oh yeah oh yeah so yes that is the
problem today and I'm sure there will be
other adventures on the way because
that's how much boring oh my goodness
really electric motor whirring that's
how exciting our lives are right now I
hate English winter just painted my
nails with this polish which is Sally
hunts and the lighting here is awful I'm
sorry for that it's the Sally Hansen
gold roses polish which I actually got
on recommendation the focus is crazy as
well my camera's freaking out from
Ingrid when I was in LA and I didn't get
the chance when they take it into the
light so you guys can see I didn't
actually get the chance to paint my
nails with it when I was there and I've
just used it for the first time and it's
freaking amazed
I think this is gonna be in your favor
I'm just about to pop into town State
squish to the vet and also to go over to
B&Q because this is how exciting my life
is and I want to show you guys my spare
room now you might actually recognize
the bears in here from my old videos
it's the same bedding and bed that I had
in there and this trunk as well and that
chest floor sorry I ran upstairs I'm
really out of breath that Chester drools
were actually on our landing in our own
house if you remember it anyway I put a
ghost B&Q to get these weird ring things
that make the lampshades fit on the
lamps because I knocked one of these
over and broke them so my dad put on you
whatever these things are called like
the fittings but now the lampshades
won't fit so we're gonna buy those but I
thought I would just show you this room
because I'm going to get those so they
fit on and I'm also gonna go and have a
quick look for some bedside tables I
doubt I'll find any because I've been
looking for some for absolutely ages oh
and the mirrors actually up here Mike
put this up when I went to LA this
mirror was actually the table plan for
our wedding which was so awesome and I
now have it up in this very room it's
kind of a shame it's not gold because
gold would have gone with this room
better but silver went with the wedding
better so it was for that purpose anyway
I'm gonna pop into town now I'm gonna
take squidgy with me I think my mom
might come with me too which would be
good so I will see you there we had a
bit of a fail in HomeSense I actually
got a couple of things but I did not
find bedside tables however we've
stopped for a Starbucks break squid is
in the car here with my mom who we
inadvertently came out wearing matching
outfits just how we roll whoa we'll see
anyway squidge is refusing to go and sit
in the back and is molting all over mom
you all right no squidge she's now
sulking she wants she wants some pumpkin
spice latte and some pumps and sliced
loaf hell yeah oh my goodness
squidge has just been to the vet I
suspected she was absolutely fine she
was so badly she barked at everybody all
the dogs in you
she barked and barked and growled like a
big ferocious dog seriously squidgy most
of them were three times your size but
she is absolutely fine as I suspected
but as a little treat for being well she
wasn't actually very good session we
deserve it but I bought it before we
went in there she has a new toy good
girl home we go look what the cat
dragged in the dog didn't fly in it it
looks really tempting and mom I thought
this leaves candle for Mom I gave it to
you yesterday and she's already used up
the day before yesterday
that's some serious company serious
camera moaning I think she likes it a
lot excuse me madam princess but yeah
Mike has come over with the remnants of
his stew he's made a stew pie stupendous
by a stupendous pie and I'm eating a
stressful because I've got a sore throat
which I have to say I think I've caught
from you you know you know I think
you've caught it from where me because I
was so brave I'm tricky have you been
dreaming sit sit we've had a few issues
with running off on walks she's a
naughty girl you gonna be a good girl
good good job when's dinner about 20
minutes Oh maybe 15 if you're lucky
still quite frozen on the middle of
service oh really
it's still fairly hard yes sir I'm gonna
take a while it'll be there in a while
crocodile stew pie oh yeah and you can
take the boy out of the north but you
can't take the north out of the boy
what have you gotten your plates right
bread and butter doesn't offer me any so
I'm just sitting down to edit some vlogs
when I look at my phone and I see
Rebecca Minkoff has tweet at me that's
pretty awesome isn't it
you guys don't know who she is she is a
designer and I have some of her bags I
loved them and that's awesome that she
tweeted me and there's a little pile of
fluffy cuddliness going on here is that
on I wonder why you have a cat and the
dog sitting on your lap if you have a
heated blanket on and you're liking the
YouTube blanket it's quite annoying I
didn't think you'd be using it I have
cold feet it actually looks a bit like a
giant growly look you can you spot the
difference
not you you look totally different you
look totally do
I did have treacle and beaver on here a
second ago tree he's hot sulking in the
corner in the kitchens because the cats
what you watching happy gilmore
happy gilmore yeah BV is there hi yeah
that's probably a tonight guys I'm gonna
go and do some editing and I've just
been sorting out the bathroom because
I'm gonna be filming a what's in my
bathroom type video they're always a bit
weird those videos like what's in my
shower but I love watching them so I
haven't asked you don't want a new house
either so I'm gonna do it and just be
prepared though because we do not have
the best-looking bathroom in the world
our new house I loved our through my old
house so yeah this one we haven't like
decorated it came pre decorated by the
people who lived it before I think the
last time it was done was probably like
90s late 90s
early nineties yeah anyway that was it
for today guys I will see you tomorrow
good bye
