sighs we've arrived in Cape Town
whoo-hoo we picked up the weasel helis
yeah Mike is driving the car behind it
if you guys will be able to see mom and
dad are in that we ditch them to school
around our listeners is so awesome and
the Sun is our very very excited to be
here we are it's SuperDuper hot we're on
our way to our apartment and yellow
flags actually awesome we got like a
whole row to ourselves but a whole
nicely I wish I had three feet Mike
everyone so guys we've just arrived our
apartment in Cape Town and I have to
show you this because it is so
incredibly beautiful and he has ever
seen anything that's beautiful in my
life let's get them so amazing I'm going
to give you a little apartment tour as
well we're staying here for the next
four nights and I actually I can't
believe how beautiful it is here because
our it's even nicer than the photos but
the photos looks amazing but it's
honestly we walked in and my jaw dropped
to the floor we I found it online with
company called luxury travel book so if
you guys are looking for somewhere in
South Africa well I would recommend it
straight to this beautiful anyway what
is that or the full thing makes you
funny noise like this is monster in the
pool but yes okay this is the deck with
the view and there's a pool it's
actually a really unusual shape pool but
I love how you can like walk up here
look it has like a little skinny bear
so amazing it looks out across the whole
Bay so beautiful and then we have some
Sun Loungers and some sofas and then
this is like the front of the apartment
there's a big table over there where we
can have like food and stuff and then in
here is a bedroom I think this is where
my mom and dad a sleeping which is
gorgeous all the artwork in here is
amazing as well look how beautiful it is
I'm like come on move em so so nice and
then the bathroom for here is in here a
little lights which might help there we
go yeah so gorgeous so much gorgeous
like gray and white everywhere and then
you come out into the main room here
where everyone is hanging out say hi
everybody and this is the living room
which is so beautiful look at it I love
this painting as well I like totally
obsessive it's gorgeous and then the
kitchen oh my god I want to move in guys
this is so amazing this white marble is
like beyond this is like the dream the
dream kitchen and then I have what else
do we have in here little utility room
it's a sonic this is this the fridge Oh
champagne woohoo crack that open after
that long flight
yes oh there's another table for indoor
dining yeah and then there's like a
little sitting room area I just a light
in here look there's a massive skylight
and then downstairs loo and it seems
rounded to show you but look at this
wallpaper isn't it beautiful so nice so
so nice and then there's a TV there's a
fire not that we'll need it because it's
like 30 degrees and then this is our
bedroom how cool is this guys I'm
obsessed with these mirrors by the bed
and then ours looks out onto that side
the balcony and then our bathroom is
back here
which is
gorgeous got baths can sit out and look
outside has a window open hope nobody
can see you and then we have this light
little walk-in wardrobe area at the back
of my luggage and there's Mike's luggage
have like his and her thighs and then
this is gorgeous mirror here as well
actually reminds me of the one I have in
my flat I absolutely love it
so amazing I'm just so excited to be on
holiday I'm going to show you can you
dream as well Cal do you mind if I show
them in your room were you just going in
there to get your taking I like yours
Mac organizers Mac I actually like your
color scheme the best Cal she has this
pineapple cushion how cool are these so
nice window wardrobe and then another
bathroom which is really similar to the
bathroom I'll show you just in case
ah it's amazing guy I'm so excited to be
on holiday we're going to go somewhere
and get some food mum was like we are
shopping yet week we are shopping again
food creative I'm like if someone hungry
okay let's go locate the food guys we're
in a supermarket my favorite thing about
being in the South African supermarket
older biltong why are you trying to end
once that I know things leave a tip one
sounds good to me
we're stocking up we're getting all the
food hell yeah we're sitting and welcome
olives and salad some chicken these
amazing gin and tonics which I basically
just made a gin and tonic and pops a
little bit of ginger lemonade in and
they taste amazing
so from commerce and a little Christmas
and roll and the sunshine so awesome so
we've just got back from having drinks
with my friend he's getting married and
then
otherwise going to wedding and then
Crispin out to dinner with some of our
friends and I didn't vlog it cuz it's
kind of related we haven't seen them in
a really long time so but it's just so
nice to be here I am wondering I'm
having the best time so far I've just
got into bed which is probably the most
comfy bed ever you know to a really long
day you just are sink into bed and it's
the best feeling ever but I'm so excited
to explore South Africa were actually
going skydiving and burrow which I'm
kind of excited for but also
exceptionally nervous like I'm going to
be jumping out of a plane I'm not sure
how I feel about but yeah we're going to
try get up any gopher run - so I will
see you guys in the morning and I hope
you're having a great day I've had the
best day ever and I'm just so excited to
be on holiday so yeah see you guys oh my
