hey guys it's vlog Toba day 13 and I've
got a creeper behind my shoulder
squiddy's hi hi anyway squids will be
making appearances potentially barking
twinkles being another girl and sitting
there and looking out the window anyway
today is not really the 13th you may be
able to detect that you might not be
able to either on the 13th I actually
had a bit of a cheeky day off heist
which I had a bit of a cheeky day off in
that switch and I pretty much slept I'd
like the laziest Sunday ever and I yeah
didn't vlog so here is a tag video to
make up for it this video is going to be
me my first time tag now I don't really
know when this video became a tag I
think Louise aka sprinkleofglitter
invented the tag but it she didn't
really do it as attack she just answered
questions that people had asked but
somewhere along the line it turned into
a tag with these set questions which I
managed to print are done conveniently
have on my life pretty to answer for you
I haven't actually read them and be
warned
I have endlessly all full memory for
things that happened a long time ago
have actually in theory why this is
because I was bullied when I was like 10
yeah but out about my age and I think I
kind of like deleted that whole area of
my life when I went to a new school and
like make new friends and was happy
again this is telling a bit of a sob
story isn't it um I kind of forgot a lot
of that stuff so anyway we'll see how
far we get with the first first
questions number one do you still talk
to your first love no no I don't really
my first proper love was boyfriend I had
when I was 15 and we're still in good
turn we have seen each other since we've
broken up the last time we saw each I
think was about five years ago I was
with mine and
is still with the same girlfriend here's
with that but I think she likes me
seeing him even though I'm now married I
would like to see him again because
genuinely it's a really nice guy he's
called ed you ever see this ed hey
you're nice and yeah I would like to see
him again but I don't know if his
girlfriend want to be able for that but
if she was I would still talk to him so
that is a roundabout way of saying no
but I would talk to him with his
girlfriend at me number two what was
your first job I didn't have like a set
job and my first job but I used to do
like odd jobs my parents I don't know if
that really counts my first like proper
job was when I left school I had this
job for my sister's company it wasn't
she own company she worked for the
company it was a marketing company and I
used to go around to university and set
up careers vents sounds really scary and
at the time yes it was quite scary
because I was 17 and I would go I rock
up at these you knees and I would go to
the careers person be like hi I am here
to set up the teaching event and I was
unload a little brochures and I was set
all the presentation up and make sure
the person was there speaking and make
sure that the attendees were all checked
in and that was my first job so it was
quite a scary one for a first job but
before that I used to do yeah I used to
do a little jobs for my parents I also
used to have like my own job when I was
about my dad I'm actually mentioned this
in my word it in the speech even at my
wedding it's basically like I think
almost like nine I start it with an
Amazon very first started up or was it
Amazon or was it eBay I can't remember
but anyway I used to sell books online
so I'm basically like sell all my old
books and then when I ran out of my
books I sold all my parents old books
and then when there were no more books
in the house my parents were like what
are you doing with all these books is
like I sold the one line and to be
honest though actually really happy
because my mom reads a lot and she has a
lot of old books that she never ever
read
obviously I don't sell like any valuable
once or anything they're just like old
novels and stuff
and yeah I used to make a little my
pocket money from selling books it was
really awesome so yeah I guess that
would probably be my first job anyway
that's enough of that what was your
first car I had a Ford Ka it was my
first car and it was silver and it was
really cute and it was small and like
cute and yeah who was the first person
you texted today I haven't text anyone
today it's only about 10:30 the last
person I texted was Lizzie because I'm
seeing her today but that was like late
last night at like 11 o'clock
who was the first person you thought of
this morning that would be Mike because
I woke up next to him because he is my
husband who was your first grade teacher
the first teacher that I remember is a
common name I feel like it was her name
obviously Karen her name but I remember
her quite distinctly and she was quite
skinny and I always think of her at
times being really old but looking back
now she was probably like 35 and just
because I was 486 was real but she had
these really like creepy hands and I
swear she's like wear foundation on them
or something it was creepy anyway that
was my first teacher where did you go on
your first ride on an airplane I can't
remember but I imagine it was probably
Portugal because my grandparents used to
have a house in Portugal and we used to
go there every summer and visit and that
was probably my first plane ride I would
think who was your first best friend and
do you still talk I can't remember my
first best friend from when I was like
really really small but I remember my
first best friend that I had when I was
about six maybe I must've had a best
friend before then but I can't remember
it is that bad
I told you I didn't remember that stuff
I mean if she's from Alice and yeah I
don't talk to her anymore because we
didn't get on later on and yeah that was
the whole
mm so no we don't still talk where was
your first sleepover don't remember that
at all absolutely no recollection at all
I just remember watching like 70 scary
movies that we used to think were really
scary at sleepovers and they actually
learn who was the first person you talk
to today
again that would be Mike because he woke
up next to me whose wedding were you in
the first time I was bridesmaid for my
uncle who married my auntie obviously
when I must have been about six seven
something like that and there's this
amazing picture of me at my mom's house
and I had like this miniature wedding
dress on no joke with like coffee a tea
sleeves and all that in deities sleeves
and like it was satin and after that
wedding I loved the dress so much I used
to wear it's like every party so I was
like this creepy mini bride running
around I don't really know why my mom
let me do that but I guess it was cute
at the time slash creepy um but I'm
below what was the first thing you did
this morning I rolled out of bed and I
got in the shower is that normal and
pretty sure it is and that was the very
first thing actually no I went to the
loo first TMI probably what was the
first concert you ever went to I don't
know if it was the very first one when I
went when I was a real like tiny kid or
not the first one that I like begged and
begged and begged and begged to go to
was Hanson in Wembley Arena and it was
freaking amazing
I made a t-shirt would like the Hanson
sign on it and because my parents didn't
want me to go on my own because I
thought you really young have friends me
but also my brother and sister came with
me who at the time would have been like
15 and 12 or something or like maybe
younger than actually because I must
know it must have been about nine so my
brother would have been like 14 Isis 216
and they took me to this Hanson concert
and they were so on
with it at that time and yeah I looked
just like Zack Hansen at that age as
well I was like a little chubby and I
had Cappy teeth ever had the same hair
and he was boy I was a girl and I was
like we just meant to be he's meant to
be he's the one no no first broken bone
touch would find some work I've never
ever broken a bone um and I don't want
to so that's my probably broken my tone
apparently break your tone like numerous
times a year I learned first piercing
was my ears and that everyone's first
piercing I feel like it'd be weird to
get somewhere else appears like your
earlobes are like a really safe piercing
aren't they but to say even doing a
piercing video because it would be very
short I have two piercings in each ear
low and my tummy button pierced and
that's it I used to have my tongue
pierced little-known fact probably for a
lot of you and I took that out when I
was at uni I've got it done on my gout
here I had it wrapped 18 months so yes
first foreign country you've gone to
again I think it was Portugal first time
on a plane as well at first movie you
remember seeing and that says you
remember single first movie that you saw
because otherwise I'd be like what what
are the first movies that really stays
in my mind actually there are a couple
homeward bound and you wanna remember
that with the dogs and the can it's yeah
really cool and sad I wrote I loved that
I absolutely loved that and I also
remember being traumatized by gremlins
at a young age because my brother was
five years older than me he used to love
gremlins so yeah I used to have it on an
iMovie scare so that's one of my first
kind of memories of watching the movie
as at home freaking out behind the sofa
watching remnants web with your first
attention I only had one attention I was
a good girl at school and here's the
thing okay I'm still bitter about this I
got detention for forgetting my
calculator to a math lesson
I couldn't believe it I like really sad
like are you kidding me like can I not
go and get my calculator or borrow the
person sitting next to me like please
don't give me detention
like tell me off or something but a
detention I was like what who is your
first roommate I never really had a
roommate I never had a roommate uni or
anything I've always had my own room
I've shared houses with other people but
never like a room so haven't had one
what were your first the first lessons
you ever took I remember taking French
lessons when I was like five but I must
have taken primary school lessons before
then but I guess they're not really
lessons because you just kind of learn
stuff you don't I don't really know if
you have lessons at that age you just
kind of have one teacher don't you say
yeah probably French and the final
question is who was the first person or
beauty-related person you saw on YouTube
mine I think it was Blair to start off
seven or it could have been Laura who
used to be lollipop 26 and I absolutely
loved her she still had a blog called by
now blog later but she doesn't do you
too many more and I was talking with
Ellen who was actually weirdly the
sister of Blair who I think was the
first person it was either her or Laura
anyway
I was talking with Elle about Laura the
other day and we were both saying how
much we missed her videos and how she
was like the best person on YouTube
having a little reminisce from like five
years ago we just loved her and
shouldn't make many more so it was
either her or Blair and yes that is it
for my first time tag I hope you guys
enjoyed it I will be back commencing
Norman programming tomorrow which is
actually gonna be a couple of days ago
if that even confuses you it confuses me
I'm even confusing myself I will see you
tomorrow guys lots of love good bye and
squidge says goodbye to actually no she
doesn't she's just asleep
and I can officially say hey it sucks
babe England
