sup guys it's locked Oh bird a 12 and I
feel like a zombie
it's about 9:15 here we had a nice lion
and woke up the weather is freakin
miserable it's rainy and it's cold I
don't even know where it came back to
England apart from the fact that you're
here very much husband so you and your
PJs I like a little French beard you're
rocking at the moment it's a bit bit
anyway so I literally slept for about 20
hours yesterday so tired I feel like
eight days of limited sleep and a long
plane ride it was so good but now I just
the more I feel like the more you sleep
the more tidy feel anyway mike has a
special trick that he's cooking up for
you today what are you doing here ok so
you'll notice I have four Iggy's oh no I
don't I haven't egg timer and he's he on
the timer it says where it's hard medium
or soft is that supposed to tell us what
yeah this is sir because obviously you
can't feel if an egg is you can't feel
it ok it's done so this is the way to
tell so this is a wedding present from a
very nice friend of ours and so
someone's taking over the vlog well look
you're gonna steam up the lens probably
can't see need be light
look she's going darker what are you
getting steamed up the leg oh yeah
that's weird isn't it
yeah you can't really tell camera sort
off kind of maybe just to show you there
you go see it gone just over soft so
they're probably going to be a bit
overdone fail come on you chop-chop your
keys are getting warm
oh you know you don't need Marmite don't
you dare get Marmite over there
don't show my sexy outfit Miocene that
place up to the day not as cool as my
job where they might yeah how to ruin
eggy's on toast right see the eggs well
done how is it it looks pretty perfect
actually my oh it's perfect the perfect
egg guys seen is worth everything how
much is it two pounds or something it
was more expensive than actually but
it's worth every single penny when you
get an egg you like that if you're bad
at cooking Amy's like me thank you
you're normally pretty good so I don't
think you really need it but we are
walking the doggie doggie dogs and I can
officially say it sucks being back in
England look at this miserable weather
yeah very but it's alright because I'm
with you
we're walking the dogs and then we are
going on a mission a Saturday mission to
get some exciting packages not really
that exciting but what is exciting guys
is that I've actually got a new car
we have swapped in Mike's truck for a
bit more of a user friendly car
now I someone actually suggested this ie
you I never thought you would suggest
that because you love that truck it's a
bit more practical than you one because
it's got back seats yes and it's good
for long distance driving keep you happy
so guys we're just hanging out we've
been on a few secret missions I'm going
to show you slightly stressful kiss not
gonna lie I was hungry and got hungry
and they got really icy because Mike
wanted to do other stuff
eating anna needs to eat so it was like
well were three strong food if someone's
got a bit to LA all this nice food and
all of a sudden now she comes out home
and it's all rubbish I had a nice soup
anyway we've discovered this new feature
and then you car so here's the front got
its ignore the cable that's just
charging my iPhone we have a heated seat
which is lovely love a good heated seat
but here and here as well but Mike's got
his on a cool seat now I'm not entirely
sure how necessarily that will be in
England because it's pretty rare that
you need a cold bum but I thought it was
quite funny to promote local oh oh it's
a hardcore sweaty bum moment hey you
know I said we bought something exciting
guys well this is it Deluxe faux fur
heated throat so it's basically like oh
my phone is ringing it's my mum Thanks
it's basically it's like a heated
blanket but you put it on the sofa and
you snuggle up in it this was we
actually bought it for one of our
wedding presents but it wasn't in stock
so it's taken ages to get it but I am so
excited about this because I get so cold
I might just heat up now and have a
little nap underneath it oh yeah hi my
little Shrek mmm it's finally ready it's
ready delicious come on let's get on the
table so we just finished a delicious
dinner all my family came round which
was really nice including spike he was
ungrateful but now I'm sitting down to
watch the end of X Factor's I missed the
first half but little squidgy is not
very well oh you squid you
I think she's pulled a muscle in her
back leg so she's walking with a limp
and she I think if she overdid it I
think she's pulled a muscle or something
but I'm just hoping there's nothing too
wrong with her she is loving this throw
someone's stolen my throw you little
monkey is that nice squidgy
is that nice can you see her
they don't squidgy move
hello sweetheart say hi everybody
oh you were so lovely right x-factors on
I am going to say good night to you all
when I'll see you tomorrow
