hey guys blog Toby day 10 here this vlog
is actually going to be day 10 and 11
mush together like it's mushy mush
because today is the day I'm leaving LA
sad face but happy face I'm gonna be
home the only problem is during that
whole journey I'm on a plane for like 12
hours and I lose 8 hours so I'm gonna
just put these vlogs together because
it's technically like one big long day
with a bit of sleeping on the plane for
me so I've just packed up all my stuff
and I'm ready to go it's nearly done
there and I have to go and check out and
then I'm meeting Totten James and Ingrid
for breakfast which is awesome however
I've then got to get on a flight to
Detroit and I have a layover in Detroit
and then I'm flying home it's the first
time I've had a layover going from like
London to LA or vice versa personally I
think it's not necessary I didn't booked
my flights for this trip so I was a
little bit disappointed to hear that
I've got a stop because it's an
overnight flight and so they've
basically split it in half which means
that I don't get sleep and normally I'm
really good at sleeping on planes so yes
we will see how that goes I'm gonna go
and have breakfast now and I will see
you shortly
good bye oMG we're in a place called 26
beach right now in Venice and this is
breakfast this is my breakfast this is a
huge breakfast
with breakfast yeah James not like
people sometimes Wow
so lax is pretty much one of the worst
airports when it comes to this stuff to
do in the airport I'm not gonna lie I
think it actually is the worst like
number one boring anyway on the plus
side it's actually a few exciting things
happening in the terminal I'm in right
now first of all coffee beans so I
managed to get my very last blood orange
two before I fly back to the UK and
sadly can't cram them anymore second of
all there is a lemonade here and then
there's something else pretty exciting
going on and I'm going to take you along
it's bizarre it's bizarre guys
dear hey guys Jean Simmons of kiss is
actually in the Air Force and the Navy
by specl let's go see I have like one
hand there you go
only in LA guys would you find Kissimmee
Airport pop random as that so I'm at my
layover in Detroit the Apple is actually
pretty cool like much nicer than LAX
which it's surprising considering like
who flies in and out like you think
there's kind of celebrities flying in
and out of LAX all the time they might
have like to know better shops or
something but know I'm in Detroit the
first flight was actually pretty ok the
plane was super old and there was a bit
of turbulence but I was on like the
first row of seats so it was fine it was
only four hours but now I've got I'm
getting on my next flight it's a bigger
plane thank goodness because I hate
flying kind of over the ocean with a
tiny tiny plane so yeah I'm about to get
on my flight got pumpkin spice latte to
keep me going and that is all I have to
update I just rang Mike and woke him up
he wasn't very happy actually he was
super super nice because I can reach him
before I took off so he was actually
considering I woke him up he was really
nice but I did feel bad it's like 2:00
in the morning I was like are you coming
to pick me up from the airport but I
think my sister is coming so yeah get on
my flight now and I will see you boys
and squeege and treacle bombs up there
and Spees here as well
we're hanging at my mom's house now I
feel so exhausted after that flight oh
you can't fight with these these are
countess's for light yeah they're fun no
you can't do that see we've got it we've
got to give those if you give this to
grumpy after the flight was um tiring
and I'm happy to be home with this
reprobate mm-hmm
I'm so sleepy well you can sleep
whenever because you need some sleep
white needs it sleep really bad she does
need sleep and there's some crazy crazy
nurse going on here yes I'm going to go
and have a snuggly sleep now it's so
nice to be home you cooking me dinner
your mother's cooking you know if you
want some more head
a piece of like my scar or something
okay I don't have any else what have you
done most annoying um what would you
mean well you be not to post your away
as me this minute way fine
live vlogs if you've been watching my
vlogs you know know who's Barney
Treecko Reese what are you doing okay no
no - you're way looking out the window
what is stealthy purchase you bought
yourself a new jacket
I saw Isis an almost quickie so it's not
I don't want to
I'm going now cuz I wouldn't have a
smooth smooth on so Ingrid and I may
have just been cooking well pretty much
recipes but
