hey guys it's Wednesday morning the 9th
of October and today I have my glasses
on and they're actually seriously dirty
I can barely even see out with them so
I'm gonna take them off kind of
pointless I can't see anyway but then I
put my glasses on so does he I need to
clean them my eyes got really saw
yesterday I don't know whether it's a
combination of like not sleeping very
much and just being really tired and jet
lag and contact lenses but I just
thought I could do with at least a few
hours of contact lenses so I got my
glasses on I got no makeup on today I'm
heading over to Ingrid's place we're
gonna film some videos together and I'm
excited to see a new place actually I
haven't been there yet obviously cuz she
moved in late last week so yeah that's
what I'm doing today I'm gonna go and
grab some breakfast before I go because
I'm really hungry it's already half
10:00
I actually woke up at 6:00 today which
is good it's it's progress from 4:30 or
5 to 6 o'clock because I actually went
to sleep at about 10:00 too so I had a
good eight hours sleep and I feel
fantastic for it so yeah I'm gonna head
to the mall which is actually really
close to my hotel I'm staying in Century
City so I'm gonna head over to the mall
get some breakfast pick up a bag for my
friend because my friend Lucy texted me
yesterday saying Oh Rebecca Minkoff bags
cheaper in LA because I saw you talking
about your new bag in your new video
with Elle if you guys haven't seen it
it's on my main channel and she wants me
to get a bag for her so I'm hoping the
Bloomingdale's friends of family sale is
still on and I can get a 20% off so I'm
doing about that I'm heading over to
Ingrid's and I'm thinking we'll be
eating some tasty food because me and
Ingrid are always together is he the
sushi or lemonade
maybe we'll have lemonade I don't know I
will see you shortly good bye
oMG guys it's raining in LA I don't
think I have ever been in LA when it's
raining but you know what the weirdest
thing is is
Street schedule Sookie how weird is that
like what do they have on their street
that goes Sookie but yeah feels a bit
like home
well hello guys i am now in Ingrid's
apartment with a red that's very
exciting see I like who knew a public
it's very nice we are gonna go and grab
some food because Ingrid is hungry I
said I actually just growled
I am always just growling I am always
leaving
I could always eat so let's go and find
something to eat and I got rained on so
my hair is like not good not good what
is it
when does it rain remember and now
apparently now just when I'm here I
brought it with me tasty soup not huge
sandwich it's a pastrami now
so Agron and I have just been cooking
well as Angra damn I pretty much Ingrid
she's been cooking because it's her
recipes but I brought the cup out
because this was so good but we
basically been cooking pumpkin spice
cake thingamabob 'is that you make in
the microwave
thank you making the microwave how she
comes up with these things I don't know
if I could cook cakes in the microwave
but Herod it again and what was in there
was pumpkin spiced chai believe me guys
this stuff tastes freakin amazing and we
filmed it and it's gonna be on English
Channel yes sometime this weekend and so
probably before this video goes up cuz
you are way ahead of the game and
recommend to me with editing so but no
seriously I feel a little sick now
because I hate this one I almost made it
through Ingrid I know poor effort poor
effort I was like I really want to
finish this because I like how it tastes
but I just like I had a chai at lunch
and then mage so I'm like hi baby what a
chai like okay I have a lot of sugar in
me right now sugar and almond milk okay
we just got into Ingrid's car and I
noticed something in the back was been
here for kind of a long time Ingrid has
these glass jars in the back of her car
and they've been here for five four
months she loves jars
in your car that's how she rolls
literally how she goes
and we also have this little panda in
the front whose name is pandorean like
an Oreo cookie he's quite cute hello
everybody we're back in car now we just
went for a little sue song of Japanese
it's what's it called it was called
Musha Musha yeah it's not what the no
what's the name of the road
izakaya izakaya I would definitely start
employee brought blocking of you I
definitely recommend it seriously it's
all about a Sakaya and moo shu in santa
monica a Musha the dragon
well okay Musa I might put this on so we
have an extra light here we go yeah an
Ingrid is actually being up really oh
really that was really I have money I
promise you we had water guys we had
water
I had snow my dad was really is like a
mixture between pretty and really
because I was gonna say pretty good
friend and then I was like no it's a
really good friend to take me back to my
hotel so yeah that's what we're doing
now and that's so excited so excited
we're actually really sad guys because
it means I'm going home tomorrow and
yeah am I gonna see you for breakfast in
the morning you're gonna join us I might
be there for breath your life be there
for breakfast tarty and her fiance James
are coming to take me for breakfast in
the morning and then they're gonna drop
me off at the airport so Ingrid Michael
along to that too which would be cool
and yeah we I think we're pretty near to
the hotel yeah we're researching Century
City looks cool at night
you were just gone - you in spirits
ignored the dirty car because I was
going to get a car wash yesterday and
then saw it it was gonna rain today or
that it might rain it did read like how
you didn't get a car wash because the
rain is so dirty and yeah like seriously
it rains and everything what I noticed
weirdly this morning is how there's like
foam on the streetlights like soap on
the road yeah really odd anyway at my
hotel this is the mall that I've been
spending all my mornings at getting
breakfast because it's way cheaper than
the hotel breakfast yeah and that is it
and I will see you I've got a pack when
I get back that is Sasaki hey guys so
I've just got back to my hotel room and
have uploaded my vlog which I'm
currently three days behind on my vlog
but I've been consistently uploading so
obviously the first day was two days
behind because I was traveling on the
second day so I couldn't put the first
one up anyway and then I missed one day
I think was the night I would see John
Mayer or the night after that when I was
so tired and I missed uploading so I'm
three days behind but I'm still doing it
consistently so I hope you guys are
enjoying it anyway
I just got back and I'm so tired I've
got so many videos to edit and I wanna
pack because I'm actually going for
breakfast tomorrow morning with Tati and
Ingrid and James and I've got to leave
at 9 so I've got to be kind of packed
tonight I can pack a little bit tomorrow
but I've got to be kind of organized and
edited and stuff tonight because I've
got a new video going up tomorrow with
Nicki so yeah I'm just trying to get all
that organized and I just found out that
sorry someone just one life guru has
tweeted me that star T yeah I found out
that the new series or the new season of
American Horror Story has started it's
called the coven I think which means
it's probably about witches so I'm
really excited to see that cuz I'm a
massive fan of that show if you guys
don't know anything about it L actually
mentioned it one of her videos and
that's how I got dicted to it it's
basically it is scary but it's not like
super terrifying but the storyline
changes every season so
season is a different kind of classical
horror story scenario so the first one
was like a haunted house and the second
one was a mental asylum and supernatural
stuff goes on and they're scary but it's
kind of cool because there's a different
totally different plot every season but
they keep a lot of the same actors even
though they're playing different
characters so I'm excited to see that
and who's in it I think I may have
missed it because it's 10:00 to 10:00
now sitting over there misty actually
showing but I definitely want to get on
iTunes and see if I can watch it tonight
yeah and that's it that's it for today
I'm gonna fall asleep now and well I'm
gonna work and probably fall asleep
whilst I'm editing and writing blog post
but yeah I hope you guys are having a
fantastic day
this trip to LA has gone past so weirdly
cuz it seems like I've been here forever
it really does it's gone like the days
have gone so quickly but in terms of the
whole trip feels like I've been away
from home for ages so I'm actually
really excited to get home and see Mike
I've missed him so much I've missed the
puppies so much too so I've had an
amazing time here but I'm just literally
I'm really ready to go home now I think
I've spent so much time away from home
in the last few months in the run-up to
the wedding and stuff that it would be
nice to kind of get home again so yeah
that's all good anyway and yeah I will
see you tomorrow good bye
put your mouth
