morning guys and welcome to vlog Toba
day eight today I smell really good I'm
just telling you guys that I actually
bought this perfume when I was shopping
with our the other day it's from
Victoria's Secret and it's called such a
flirt smells really freaking good star
fruit and white orchid anyway that was
random I just sprayed it on and I just
thought I'm starting filming and I just
smelt myself and it's not so good anyway
today I am going to do a live broadcast
with PopSugar which is why I'm fairly
dressed up I'm quite excited about this
because I'm actually doing if you guys
haven't seen it I don't know I'm like
walking around you guys haven't seen my
first video that I made for PopSugar I'm
actually doing a fashion 101 series on
their channel which is really exciting
for me because it's just cool to be
working with such an awesome company and
their website is so cool it's like you
get stuck into it and you get stuck
there for hours anyway I'm going over to
do one of their live broadcasts today
which I'm really excited about then I
have a meeting and I'm sure what I'm
doing tonight I need to sort stuff out
for my Christmas gift guide it seems
like Christmases miles away and that's
funny
well first week of October it seems
ridiculous but I actually have to film
them if you guys don't know I do them
every single year I have to film them in
the kind of beginning of November so you
have to start kind of planning if you
want them to be awesome gift guys you
have to start hunting for these gifts
early so I might go shopping and have a
look for stuff like that
it is currently about is it ten o'clock
ish let me just check my phone it's
currently 946 and I am gonna go and find
some breakfast because I'm hungry but
I'll show you what I'm wearing today as
you don't have all of it on yet because
for the broadcast I'm going to wear my
tights and my boots because I think like
it's the most flattering combination but
I'm wearing my blue dress that I bought
in Thailand which does not look there
this lighting is really really bad maybe
a bit better in here actually ah this is
my blue dress and then I am taking money
bag and that's all I've got to say for
now I will see you soon good bye well
hello guys it is a bit later now my
shoot with PopSugar went really well I'm
gonna put a link below because they're
actually putting it up permanently on
the website so if you guys want to go
and see that I will I didn't work when I
was there because it was live and
obviously like you can't talk when the
guy is doing his little segment so but
it was really cool actually and it was
nice to meet the team in person or see
because I'm usually based in UK hey
there in LA so I had met them yeah I am
now here with Turkey and we're grabbing
some very late lunch yes very late lunch
I'm like always reading your blog that's
all I do I pop up when there's I only
ever see tuffsy to eat we never hang out
normally no we've just been hanging out
at your apartment and she's been filming
some videos and I've been sitting in the
background like a creeper and now we are
in Glendale that's the ground bill focus
you stupid camera cafe which merrily is
very tasty you know what you know we
have here I get I they have like a white
tortilla soup but it's everyone I think
I've instagrams like three times please
like my fame in a tortilla soup just
wondering we don't have tortillas it's
chicken avocado or gia strips corn black
beans
this guy do you always think things are
free so I'm always like to have the
tortilla to which they have like four
days a week for me but I come here it's
pretty empty as well cuz it's like
what's really weird and how its beating
and my eyeballs feel weird this is a
weird vlog I'm gonna stop now I'll show
you my food though look what's arrived
guys it's a I steamed up my camera lens
this is grey isn't it I Steve here we go
it's unassuming the bowl is the size of
your bigger than you it's wider
sacrifice of your shoulders it's not but
I mean I'm hoping this is gonna be tasty
this very tasty of your recommendation
so guess what guys we are shopping again
drinking and drinking at the Americana
which actually looks a lot like the
Grove but it's nicer it's newer right it
feels like but it's good
yeah there's a good old fountain and
there's very light and there's jazzy
music and there's coffee bean which I
got a mint tea and I put honey in it and
it tastes really good but it's way too
hot to drink so I'm just getting annoyed
of it because I keep on taking a sip and
burning my tongue what did you get oh
and it's ice so you can drink it
straight away but yeah here's the
fountain it's like a mini Bellagio right
there well not anymore
but yeah we've talked you said a little
bit of shopping out you haven't bought
anything this is like but a rural
reverse so look at me he's buying my
name what can I say I'm a good shot
hey guys so I'm back in my hotel room
now as he may be able to tell I'm in bed
I'm getting an early night tonight cuz
I'm UPSI sauce and I'm actually gonna be
heading over to Ingrid's place tomorrow
to be doing some filming with her and
I'm really excited to see a new place
actually so that should be good and I'm
sitting here in bed and I'm watching a
new episode of the originals which is
the spin-off series of The Vampire
Diaries which is actually pretty cool um
I feel like I've seen this before I
don't know if I've seen a teaser for it
or something um but yeah I felt like
I've seen it before which is kind of odd
cuz I don't know where I would have seen
it but um yeah anyway the new Vampire
Diaries episode was really really
amazing last week and because I'm having
an only night I said I wouldn't watch
something and I just really wanted to
watch the new Vampire Diaries but it's
not out until tomorrow
well actually it's Thursday I think so
yeah I'm watching this however there is
tomorrow the first episode of season 3
of the American Horror Story series
which has been really amazing so far so
I'm excited to watch that anyways you
may be able to tell I'm like dozing off
I'm so excited excited exhausted so I'm
gonna hit the hay now I've already hit
the hay I'm gonna actually fall asleep
in there or the duvet I'm talking
gibberish and I will see you guys
tomorrow love you very much and bye
the day 7 tank 1 hi guys today I'm in
tutsies apartments here we are we
