towba day 7 take one hi guys today I am
in Patty's apartment - yeah are we
really doing this
we're doing good we have an assistant by
the camera
trapped in the corner no it's a little
echo in an epic honest you just move
there's no furniture I bear with the
sound my apology but it's super cool
really cool apartment anyway I decided
not to do a normal style vlog today
because we haven't really we've just
kind of been moving around and as you
may be able to tell by my voice I'm ill
so I haven't been feeling like on top of
my chatty form so we thought hey we're
just chilling we're gonna make a full
tag however I believe I did the full tag
before if I didn't I can't remember so
let's just ignore that but I did notice
that beyond Beauty staff and Allie and
Carly Chrisman did a haul in love tag
this season I think it's like a few
weeks go to 14th of September I have it
on my laptop which is right there
I mean they called it fall in love but I
thought that was a really cool name for
full tag so we're gonna do following
words even though if your English don't
conform we call it autumn which is
obviously the right way to commence
because we came first angry young so
much more elegant alert in America were
like fall it's fall let's talk about spa
I've become so Americanized I'm here
because I hang out we ignore American
sighing I stop saying fool than candy
and stuff anyway in trash can
so does make questions the first one is
what full trendy most excited for toffee
oh um I'm most excited every year of
course sweaters are like my thing but
what I'm seeing now more than ever are
open chunky cardigan and that's my
absolute love I actually picked this up
today we did do just a little bit of
shopping
you were really well behaved you
actually yeah and I've also mutti stuff
fit you possum jump
I love this yeah it was pretty
affordable at this little little
boutique I don't know the name of but
chunky cardigans I'm seeing them
everywhere and I can't get enough so
that's my fault
excitement my favorite is dark green
colors were saying everywhere now I was
used to hate dark green I think with
boring kind of reminded me of cowpats
however the more I thought that more I
realized that my eyes are actually the
color of Cowper as well so wearing this
dark Cowpat green color I eat like olive
green and actually brings out my eyes
where's the time we were like black and
gray and my eyes at Brown Rose if I wear
this cream I always like read Mary you
look so green yeah weird because I don't
really like green as a color but I like
like how it looks
yeah so yes I'm excited to wear all this
green colors number two what is your
favorite full autumn beauty product
quality product is this here gorgeous
nail polish from butter LONDON called
brown sugar ignore my chipped nails
right now what I'm wearing is chinchilla
and it's just I just need to take it off
but this one is really good pretty and
the thing I love the most about it is
its glitter but it is easy to take off
it's not a pain at all you don't even
need acetone it's like so easy so I love
this one mine is something I bought
yesterday I don't know if that's
cheating but I'm so addicted to it
already I think I've used about 20 times
today my friend Ingrid and our friends
Ingrid amel and not one person both are
obsessed with this like seriously
obsessed about they talked obsessed
about it with a BC harm ill and your
brain might start to get a bit fuzzy
there is that you you've got the message
again they're obsessed with it I think
people I think I think people are going
to think that I'm drunk I'm not trying
to do like this is this lemsip guys yeah
they're obsessed with it and now I see
why I resisted buying it because it's
pretty exciting like $30 for the web
thing because now I want it because it's
like it goes down the line up it is I
know like wow it's really so it's
awesome it makes your lips feel
smooth and it smells like roses and it's
generally great okay so number three
what is your favorite fall drink
that's easy pumpkin spice latte have one
of those earlier today and they are my
absolute favorite drink for fall
selections I love those too however once
I've been here this week I've discovered
or in the last week partly when I was at
home so I've discovered two favorite new
things one of them is from the coffee
bean which is kind of really annoyed
because we don't have that at home but
it's the blood orange tea sweetened with
agave nectar I try that it's like so
good it's so good and I'm gonna be
really sad but we don't have it at home
but what we do have is what I'm drinking
right now it doesn't recount and I did I
promote taking medicine if you don't
need it guys
but lemsip which is basically like cold
medicine in their drink they went yeah
Sarah that's the American equivalent
they've just come out with an apple and
I don't know if they've just come out
with Ashley
to be honest I'm rambling well they have
an opponent's lemon flavor and it
actually doesn't taste like toilet
cleaner like the original one does so
that's pretty good I've been enjoying
that this week when I've been ill number
four what is your favorite fall said
this this was in my favorites of the
month - I have been dousing myself in
this you haven't use about much no it's
mostly one thing is you only need like
one pump of this like normally with all
my fragrances I'm like shh shh shh shh
and I will go like bananas game times
but this one you just kind of go like
this and then kind of like walk into it
you're like I'm good for the whole day
because it's really intense but it is
one of those oh we ran out of the memory
card space toxins gonna continue as she
left them with but that was so much
effort the card was full anyway
fabulous intense fragrance for fall /
autumn and I've been wearing that a lot
recently too because actually bought
myself one I did but the one I tried
doing in this video
I'm so fickle incense is the nest
midnight Fleur obviously the name is
fabulous but it's smell so good I next
is an amazing hand around but like their
fragrances I think they have six the
others are good this one is really
really good the only one that I was like
wow that smells like a little air it is
pretty awesome
I wonder then that chemicals are so good
have a sniff of that while sipping my
password in because my features gonna
sleep number five which full trend
do you hate drop crotch full trend truck
model notes
I saw them today I'm trying and I
actually tried to recently get into this
because I'm doing something dance
related anyway um and I wanted to get
into that trend like because I think it
looks cool on people that are like
dancers but on me it just looks like I'm
wearing whenever I see anyone wearing
this and I told you this today I was
like it looks like you peed your pants
it really does I want to make it look
cute doesn't it just looks like I hate
leopard print I don't hate it I just
never really I don't really like them
ready and there's a lot of that lace
like a trend like an all the Mexican
guys it's everywhere yeah it's the same
thing with the green but I love the
green how do you feel about zebra print
I may get some zebra print chair is that
happen on any animal print I'm not a
huge fan but I do quite like zebra like
the black and white nurse this leopard
print is probably my least favorite of
all the animals but I did not do the
guest bedroom where no cuz that's the
thing is the trend is like loads of
leopard print it's not even like a tummy
I know I don't it turns like and
yeah so is the air conditioner can we
have more things go wrong right now okay
number six what is your Halloween
costume this year
amanda Bynes seriously yeah that's I
want to be a man that'll be funny I know
many people say they're like you look
like I'm had to buy some ice cream
crazy order yeah the get one more like
the kids um all the no with the one not
in it so I'm like glitter is villainous
okay guys talking you catch it moving
this close together like I remember I've
only ever really dress up Halloween I
did say I've never done it somebody the
other day but actually didn't just
remember I dressed up as a devil once
when I was about 11 I did on a horse and
everything it's great closing up this
like red velvet dress like black tights
and Doc Martin boots it looked really
cool but I am probably not dressing up
Halloween because I don't we celebrate
it I'd like to be invited to a party for
Halloween but none of my friends really
celebrate Halloween in England it's not
such a big thing so you know I don't
live in London and I feel like I don't
in the city
full stop and I feel like it's very much
like a city you think you know we even
still I'll probably be dressed up as a
man to find it's just something right
out okay
number seven what is your favorite full
song I think you know what my favorite
song is but I keep playing in the car
work work you better work work it's your
work work you want to do five different
accents in a song you better work work
Britney Spears yeah she's what's the
name stone work I don't cuss on my
channel I don't cuz they're my channel
leave at the MTC star saucer
yeah Britney it's naughty but that song
is bananas has been like on replay but
we playing into me in the back of your
car the other night and I was almost
comatose from jet lag it was about half
past nine okay so this is what like 6:00
in the morning could be in England it
was the first night first
come on go ahead and I was like and it
was like what looked like blaring in the
backseat I'm like don't you love this
and she's like yeah anyway my favorite
full song is by John Mann is wildfire
I've never really like explored John
Mayer before oh well I always liked John
Mann like his singles that he's released
but I've never really been really into
it and then we won't see him this week
and it was amazing and pretty much fell
have I fell in love with ever seriously
pull some weird facial expressions when
he's singing but he is amazing most he
doesn't like the Barbie and he had a man
bag okay he never got anything out of
his mouth back on stage literally
crossbody man bag
I want to know what was in it because he
didn't happen like wasn't like guitar
picks or something and you know just a
man like anyway his new albums really
really good that's my favorite song from
it and the last question is number eight
what is your favorite Halloween candy or
sweets if you're English don't think we
have any any specific Halloween candy
but you don't work favorite okay we
can't really separate it candy well I
tried something that works out nice it
was all powder baby that is a very
American thing I love candy for three
cylinders instead of this arts because I
haven't tried many like Halloween had
these other stars my favorite American
candy is Hot Tamales who really y'all
remember that cinnamony no don't bring
me I know I'll put them in the guest
bedroom and then I'll get ready that
I'll sit I'm gonna eat the whole packet
and they come into massive packet as
well it's really bad really bad that's
it the book Toby x7 guys I'm sorry we
were talking in absolute load of rubbish
or trash there we go we're gonna go and
do something else now I'll probably end
up passing out back of your car again
like I have three times this week yeah
because weird
get you creepy but I have the feeling
now that walking back is gonna be worse
because on the way here we had creepy
mercury person that wouldn't leave us
alone and I feel like don't you feel
like for something
