so guys I've got two reprobate visitors
in my hotel room right now Philip I
number one and Philip number two
probably way round because you're the
original you're the original and the
best maybe not maybe not I saw his name
so we're currently having a conversation
about nostrils I'm not yeah I have
really big nostrils and I said one day
those suckers end up like and I like
that I'm probably gonna like cut them
down a little bit description of this
involve like a lot of like this kind of
yeah it was quite funny but yeah so
these guys just came over to get some
footage and are now probably leaving
soon yeah I have to go pretend to be a
pop star now no you are alright indeed
and go shopping so yeah and we're gonna
be filming some videos so I'm trying to
like organize my stuff so I actually
have products to talk about because when
you're travelling so obviously like you
don't have everything so I'm terrible
and I was like what what I'm gonna talk
about so yes now this is boring and I'm
gonna go bye I'm in Elle's apartment
right now you guys might recognize this
kitchen yeah we have just been shopping
and we're now filming some videos some
Beauty slash opening videos we went
shopping I feel like I've shopped so
much this week it should be a crime but
a levears well obviously because I'm in
her apartment it'd be weird if she
wasn't here and I was hanging out and we
are gonna go out to dinner with tarty to
get some sushi which I'm excited about
because I cannot get enough sushi
obviously and then we're going on a
haunted hayride which I'm not gonna lie
I've never heard of this before and I am
slightly terrified because it's gonna be
fine what do you actually like you sit
on a rope ladder I'm scared I'm scared
guys it could be fun like bullet
Americans out there you know what this
probably laughing at me because it might
not be scary but I'm scared we are now
here in a sushi restaurant when tarty
she has joined this Alice Phil here as
well we're all bundled up in our hoodies
ready for this creepy hayride which Paul
said was not scary but actually now the
story she I think it's really freaking
scary and I think she's not telling us
we're gonna face it right really naughty
right now she's like it's scary okay
anyway so to prepare us for this
terrifying hey Ryan I decided to order
quail eggs in a shot hot sauce
fastest we throw the menu more like
is everybody here
just text your wife kind of freaks me
out
I need
sushi Tara oh yeah this is what I
ordered some guys are going on over
there eel roll augers and some crunchy
things that are these good
so how are you feeling about staying in
a hotel after this I offer as you can
see with me she said she was jetlag so
that's really well oh my god what what
things what we stay here he's quite
noisy I think he's hungry that you
actually a little biscuit so basically I
feel right now kind of like there's not
a lot of people here and which means no
line which is great but I kind of feel
like this might be the beginning of some
kind of twisted war film maybe I don't
know
well neither of you guys are looking
like no lies pretty dark it's uh I don't
think we can even see ourselves filming
okay yeah what's up this is really
freaking scary I'm actually got to piss
myself I'm not scared to do this kind of
thing I don't even really like to with
scary movies and I know Alda and cheese
acting on screen and there's supposed to
be like little space if you don't see it
right now I see it I don't even have a
voice or something super fun looking
apparently it's Church
ah contortionist and then I've never
never seen a contortionist before
warranty not allowed to film so maybe
they'll stop contorting and tell me to
stop filming
so that's kind of creepy but I have the
feeling now that walking back is gonna
be worse because on the way here we had
a creepy McCree person that wouldn't
leave us alone and I feel like don't you
feel like there's something there's
something else is gonna have on the way
to the car I think the seriously they
must have like 200 people working here
and there's like three of us on there
right five of us I feel bad for them
they put all their makeup on just for us
you actually look Robbie the shuffles Oh
like a little like it probably we're all
like that hey when rolling around and
hey there's something we had the magic
trick
pretty creepy that was actually like fun
of them I thought it would be so I've
checked in 2008 all right now and I was
getting ready for whatever is actually
not very good what a great boy I've just
changed
