good morning everybody and welcome to
vlog Herber day five today I'm checking
out this hotel and I am moving over to a
different hotel it is an absolutely
incredible day today when I first got
here they said oh it's gonna be a heat
wave this weekend they weren't lying it
looks beautiful and a lot of the time
the beach the season and I can be a
little cloudy and overcast but it's
seriously seriously beautiful so I
thought before I leave this hotel I'd do
a hotel room tour for you all so without
further ado here we go this is my hotel
room you've seen it before in my last
couple of logs but I'm gonna actually
show you around
it's the shangri-la Hotel in Santa
Monica it's a bit of a mess because I'm
currently packing everything up but as
you can see the location is incredible
it's like right on the beach it is one
block away from the Third Street
Promenade so you've got shopping the
Santa Monica Pier is right there if you
can see it and all in all like the
location you couldn't really get much
better if you especially if you don't
have a car my reason for going to book
this hotel was because you probably
can't see me because I don't like
totally backlit my reason for mornings
booked this hotel because I don't rent a
car when I come to LA and I want to be
able to walk to things so this hotel has
been really good yeah it's kind of a
weird mixture I've been saying this like
my friends recent I was like there's no
chance so weird cuz it's like 50% super
really nice and the rest of it is kind
of like very chilled vibe like kind of
old like if you can see for example like
the windows here there's like the inside
window but the outside windows kind of
like really old it's really strange but
it's cool I really like that atmosphere
here and start from really friendly so
this is what the room looks like as you
can see we've got this big like table
here as well I'm actually gonna show you
what is hanging around in my room as
well and the Mack bag is from my Rihanna
stuff which I need to is most this is
empty cuz I've been trying out and I
have some stuff from Sephora since I've
been shopping with Nicki the other day
my us phone which isn't working on these
top it up and then my new handbag which
she needs before I love it I then have a
copious amount of Bath & Body Works
candles three of them are gifts but five
visible for me which to be fair five
candles you know it's kind of a bit
excessive anyway my sunglasses are on
here and then my handbag and then this
is like there's not a minibar but they
have like a little snack area here
you can take something you want to yeah
so that's that side and then the bed is
actually super super comfy the bed linen
is amazing I'm just packing up my stuff
there I put all my clothes in there and
I'm just kind of waiting to see like how
I'm gonna pack everything and then I
have more load on the floor which I'm
packing and my bed's no table it's a
mess I've got my laptop and then this is
pretty cool this is actually looks into
the bathroom so this panel here is in
mirror as you can see but this panel is
like a little window into the bathroom
when you can actually open these which
is quite cool because if you're having a
bath and say like if Mike was here and I
wanted to chat to him if he was chilling
out whatever it's quite cool so yeah
this is a bathroom in here and then you
go around here there is the mirror which
is kind of actually in an annoying spot
because it is pretty dark I'll show you
what I'm wearing today as well today I'm
wearing my necklace which is from Zara
which is spangly and then I have this
top from Topshop which I really like
because it has this little like tail
detail at the back so it's like way
longer if you can see and then I have on
my studded jeans from forever 21 which I
love but they go really baggy at the
knees and somehow I've managed to bring
like copious amounts of dog hair with me
and then I have on my blue teks which
don't actually really go with this cuz
this is more of a purple color I wish
I'd brought my black ones but I didn't
and it's super hot today and I do not
want to wear my boots any of these these
are all the shoes that I brought with me
which kind of lined up when you pack
them then there is a little wardrobe in
here which I did have my coats hanging
on my jackets hanging in but not anymore
and then here's the door to the bathroom
Ingrid and I were laughing actually cuz
this this is more mirror here kind of
mirrors like semi kind of this that's
mirror but this feels weird
yeah ingre and I were laughing like
there's a curtain here so you can close
that curtain into the room but the door
is like completely see-through
and then this door on the toilet like
doesn't put the cross so yeah there's
the toilet whew and if you shared this
room with somebody who wasn't like your
partner you would be able to see them on
the toilet so yeah anyway this is the
bathroom the bathroom is my favorite
part of this hotel room I think because
the bath is absolutely incredible I've
actually had a bath in here everything
when I open here because
it is so nice it's like absolutely
enormous I love it anyway and it's
really cute this is like kind of vintage
shower fittings which are really good
weirdly the big shower there it's not
very good this shower is amazing it's
super high water pressure and then I
have my stuff in the shower a new
shampoo and conditioner that I am using
L'Oreal every she's actually really good
I've used this twice now I'm really
impressed with that I have a miniature
of the new eccentric molecules you screw
this on shower gel which I've used this
for three showers and I actually use it
in the bath because I ran out of the
three Bulworth they give you I'm like
properly like to fill this bath and it's
me going down that much it's like a
little goes a long way with that stuff
anyway and my razor and some face scrubs
like that and then as you can see my
bathroom counter is kind of messy I'll
show you like what I've got going on
here there's a few bits of makeup which
aren't in my makeup bag because I packed
it up for the shoot yesterday so my
jewelry I'm like we got toothpaste and
mouthwash and a toothbrush which is
essential especially if you eat too much
garlic like I do when being Ingrid did
the other night that I have my Emma
Hardy cleansing balm glasses lots of
skincare bits and bobs oh my god this
mask is incredible Lipari is like such
an expensive brand and I have this
sample of it which I got given and I you
see I was like oh my goodness this mask
is so amazing I'm gonna splash out and
buy it or maybe not because it's one
hundred and sixty dollars or something
ridiculous I was like okay maybe I'll be
without that but it's good if you want
to spend under $60 on the mask then it's
good stuff and then I have perfect like
skin real or if I get my legs out which
I haven't on this trip so far my lip
Prairie
midnight rain perfume Nicki picked this
up she was like what is this it's so
weird but it's not very good and then
you night 7 seconds even gonna share a
Moroccan oil like hair essentials some
nail stuff with to do my nails because
we painted them and if it's gonna focus
we painted them at the 17 shoot
yesterday that's probably as much focus
he's getting yet but then I just did
stuff before they were dry and they're
almost
anyway and now I have my ghd's the
hairdryer that was in the hotel which is
rubbish as always why don't they have
normal hair dryers in hotels I don't get
it because then they don't need like
these tiny like travel-size hair dryers
they could just get big ones anyway I
have my makeup bag which actually I can
put this makeup in when they go back and
then I have like a wash packages
actually Mike's wash bag but it matches
our luggage so umm I stole it haha and
yeah that is it and then those drawers
and stuff down there but I don't use
them as step I don't know what that's
for maybe getting in the bath I just
kind of climbed in anyway that is my
hotel room my hair is crazy right now so
I need to fix that and then I'm gonna go
and get some breakfast because I'm
hungry I'm gonna walk to Starbucks I'm
hoping that my outfit isn't too hot and
I need like a skirt or something because
I don't really bring anything that's
appropriate my yesterday or the day
before yesterday now because I didn't
upload yesterday's vlog so I was so
tired last night I honestly I was I
don't have ever been that tired like I
said in my flawless I just get like
blurred vision and like I was seriously
spaced out so yeah I'm gonna upload this
vlog now leave uploading go get some
breakfast and then come back and check
in which is exciting and super exciting
I'm going to John Mayer tonight the
Hollywood Bowl which I can't wait for
cuz I've never been to the Hollywood
Bowl I've never seen John Mayer and I
think it's gonna be really awesome I'm
going along I think with tarty and we're
meeting up with Stephanie from Sal and
Kylie Chrisman who I've never met so I'm
excited for that so yeah we're gonna go
to John Mayer and I will see you later
I'm gonna fix this crazy hair now
alright
I really quickly wanted you to show you
as well why I said the thing about it
being really mixed at this hotel is no
not here this is the corridors it's kind
of like weirdly like Motel style outdoor
corridor and then have this amazing pool
area which is really really beautiful so
it's kind of like a weird mixture of
fear when I mean anyway I'm gonna get
some breakfast
to breakfast with some blood orange tea
from the coffee bean which is so good at
sweetened with agave nectar and it's
just really good and a bagel with cream
cheese and this is what the beach looks
like right now guys see my hotel
there's a lady meditating up this way
and then there's Santa Monica Pier just
chilling out I'm gonna eat my breakfast
and enjoy the Sun time I made a new
friend guys I think he wants me to give
him food but I have finished all my food
so he's just hanging he's been chilling
here with me for like ten minutes just
hanging out I'm gonna call him Norman
Norman the seagull how's it going Norman
hey guys so I've checked in the wind a
hotel room now and I am just getting
ready a feeling I thought I would show
you what I'm wearing it's actually not
very different to what I was wearing
before I've just changed into leggings
and my boots instead of my stuttered
jeans and the blue shoes which didn't
really go so I'm wearing this the
concept I have got a jacket because
apparently Todd he said it's already
cold there and I what this is my new
hotel room I want to show you the
beautiful view because more of a city
view than a beach view this time and
there's a wedding going on in this hotel
and they're just setting up so look at
this guy's
if I was staying here I could have
watched the wedding that would have been
cool wouldn't it but yeah I'm just
getting ready to go out to concert and
that is about it I'm quite hungry
actually even though I ain't not that
long ago I'm just kind of hungry
so I'm a really really really really
really really really bad vlogger and I
didn't finish my vlog last night I'm so
sorry guys it was actually super awkward
environment for vlogging at the
Hollywood Bowl because we were sat like
at the back on the kind of benches and
we were super super squished up against
the next people so I don't think they
really would have liked to get half of
my camera and start vlogging and then by
the time it finished I was so tired
again I honestly think the last couple
of days I've just exhausted myself
because I have been getting three to
four hours sleep every night and then
keeping doing stuff all day so I rang
Mike this morning and I got a bit
tearful to be honest cuz I was like miss
him and yeah I just you know I'm just
feeling really tired so today is another
day I still haven't had any breakfast
it's about nine o'clock it's an
absolutely beautiful day here's the view
I have right now and there's the studios
next to look like Fox Studios or
something but yeah a beautiful beautiful
day again didn't really have appropriate
wear so I'm in kind of a formal outfit
but I'm doing some fun stuff today I'm
gonna end this vlog here and then start
the next vlog so you guys can see what I
am up to today so if that even makes
sense
I'm sorry guys you guys must think I'm
like mad or something because I honestly
I think half of these vlogs when I'm so
tired it just doesn't even make sense
but yeah I would definitely see you guys
tomorrow when I'm gonna be hanging out
with L and Nikki I'm gonna see tarty
again and we're doing some fun cool
Halloween themed things so make sure you
come back tomorrow and see what I'm up
to and I will see that bye guys
PS I've got half brushed hair half not
brushed hair no makeup on and I feel
like a bit of a trunk
I look like a tramp for sure anyway I'll
see you guys right backstage barians
team shoots it's really glamorous this
light pumpkin
