is my voice is like totally crazy
because it's super super early in the
morning right now today is Friday the
4th and it is the 17th shoot day which
is the main reason why I came over to LA
so exciting stuff however due to jet lag
I woke up at 2 a.m. like not cool
seriously however despite that fact I've
spent like a weird sleepy amount of the
night trying to get Taylor Swift tickets
I woke up maybe like at midnight I think
I went to sleep at about 10:30 I woke up
at midnight thought oh my god the Taylor
Swift's it's tickets are going on sale
like now it must have been one because
they went on sale at 1 a.m. here so it's
9 o'clock at home anyway they were on
sale but they were sold out like
instantly apparently with him in a
minute so I was like oh damn it I'm
gonna find one somehow but whatever and
then I woke up just now so I want to
tweet me saying she'd added another date
so I managed to buy Taylor Swift tickets
I'm going to see Taylor Swift in
February so excited so I've been up
since to watching the new episode of
Vampire Diaries actually which was
pretty cool
um but I feel really really tired and
now I've got to get ready to go to the
shoot it's still dark outside 5:30 I've
got to leave at 7:45 so I left like a
good just over two hours to get ready
because obviously we have to be like her
makeup ready for the shoot and
everything but I also want to run to
Starbucks and get something for
breakfast before because they did have
food last time we were there they had a
lot of food but it was a four day shoot
this is just a one-day shoot so I'm not
entirely sure how much food they will
have and the food that they had when
they did have food was like super
unhealthy it was tasty but it was super
unhealthy so I'm gonna have a shower now
get ready and then I'll show you my
outfit and makeup and stuff before I go
I'm so excited to try my Rihanna makeup
and my new Marc Jacobs makeup as well
which is in there sneaky sneaky I'm
doing a video like on my beauty Channel
with Nicki so I don't want to show you
too much of that anyway I'm gonna have
shower now because I am stinky I'm just
kidding I'm not really stinky I had a
bath really late last night so I'm
really not very stinky but I'm gonna
have a bath anyway and watch my hair and
get ready and
I was usually goodbye hey guys I've now
done my makeup
tada and my outfit is pretty much
identical to yesterday well I'm wearing
the same leggings the same black top but
a different one but my face is the same
and the same cardigan but I switched up
my scarf and I switched up my bag new
bag alert purchased a new bag whoopsie
but yeah I have to have two outfits for
this shoot so this is gonna be my first
outfit and then I also have a smart out
which is basically a black t-shirt with
leather sleeves and then this like
indigo purple skirt and my bajjali
Julie's are a necklace so oh and I also
have on my All Saints boots too if you
guys can see them it's suede and leather
I love these and yes that is my outfit
Here I am again again probably entirely
too hot for LA but I'm loving it and my
lipstick is the Rihanna and Mac really
room we really little bit a bit earlier
RiRi whoo one which actually I really
love it's so matte like SuperDuper matte
and all my eyes I have on a bit of the
new Marc Jacobs right shadows and then
you might check his foundation loving my
makeup today all good new stuff and it
is looking a big beautiful outside so
I'm thinking the cardigan ready to come
off because it looks like a nice day and
yeah I'm gonna see if I've got time I
actually think that might be my car
waiting down there damn it
um I was gonna see if I got time to go
get some breakfast and a coffee but
probably I don't so I got to go now bye
bye hey guys so welcome to our backstage
area the 17 shoot it's really glamorous
as you can tell that's my husband andrea
is here in her corner this is my corner
and my stuff there Ingrid is doing some
lipstick who is that guy in the world
I hadn't noticed him look at that guy he
has got some he's scary looking he's
looking at you I he yeah he wants he
wants to Ingrid Lindsey's a set up camp
on the floor and she had a little bit of
a dilemma this morning I talked about it
in my blog yeah no good no good huh
Scott her on the corner in the back
there's little corners and then we've
got the other lady on the wall she's
excited to be here I don't know like
like early 2000 look at I had like
really anyway Ingrid's doughnuts are on
the table and then we have Tracy and
Stefanie and yeah that's it that's the
whole room it's quite warm in here it is
hot sweaty hot but we're nearly finished
so that is good and then I'm going to
eat sushi sorry guys
some of you it's staying until probably
ten o'clock tonight guys we got a girl
yeah we had to do that last time so you
know we're making up friend yes okay bye
guys so it's a bit later now I've left
the 17 shoot I am so exhausted because I
woke up so early this morning
I've just been I'm in Sherman Oaks and
I've just been
into Bath and Body Works and I have to
say before entirely too many candles a
lot of them are actually for gifts but
I'm killing time in between finishing
the shoot I'm going out for dinner with
Tati and James so I'm just waiting now
for them to pick me up but he's likely
to see them because I haven't seen them
in a while and yes I'm just absolutely
shattered like so tired that I got like
three hours sleep and then have been on
the shoot all day but it's been so fun
honestly the group of girls in that
shoot are probably the most fun like
everyone was just so nice it was just
such a like pleasure and everybody
working on the shoot was so nice as well
so that's really cool and I'm excited to
see the episodes because they actually
look really good a lot of the time when
you work with people and you're not in
control of like the camera angles and
stuff you can end up looking a little
bit sketchy but that has been all
totally amazing and yeah I love it so
yeah and yes now I'm waiting and we're
gonna go to the original cat's ear which
I'm actually really really excited about
because I've been to their like
Hollywood one which is the one that like
was that he's go to and they were so
snooty and apparently the sushi isn't as
good anyway so I'm excited to go there
and I'm just like keeping an eye out but
yeah I will see you there
I am gonna eat this now I'm not logging
for long I've just got I wanted to stay
home but it's actually a hotel room I'm
just called back to my hotel room after
possibly I wanted like the longest
feeling days in my life I'm so exhausted
right now I had such a nice meal with
Tati and James and honestly like the
sushi was so good I mean Logan I was
really busy and I hadn't seen those guys
in a while so they're catching up but I
feel like I like my vision it's like so
weird I've got where I'm so tired it's
like I am really reading like the
outskirts of my vision are like oh I'm
exhausted I haven't been this tired in a
very very very long time but I am back
in my hotel room I'm gonna have a really
quick bath because I'm actually just I
feel really grubby after like such and
it like putting lots of different makeup
on and all that kind of stuff so I just
feel like I want to just wash the day
away and go to bed how inviting does
this bed look right now I'm not gonna
lie I have my huge hole of Bath and Body
Works candles I ended up getting eight
so I think three of them I like through
all four of them maybe our gifts but I
still I got a lot I got a lot but yeah
I'm gonna have a bath now and I'm go to
bed and I'm sorry if I'm like blown all
over that airing my words because I am
so exhausted
I will see you tomorrow I've got a very
exciting day planned tomorrow but I'm
not gonna tell you what I'm doing
because perhaps see in that video
goodbye guys spinning flurry tails we
didn't write well we may have found I
something I've not decided yet but then
I ran back my cell phone off but
