morning guys and welcome to vlog Toba
day 3 I'm just opening the curtains in
my hotel room in LA and I wanted to show
you guys the fuse this is where I am
right now on the beach it's actually
really overcast and the beaches that are
they tend to be really overcast anyway
but so it's pretty standard but I today
what am i doing I feel like seriously my
brain is not working I woke up my face
this way so you guys can actually see me
I woke up at 5:00 which is actually
pretty good normally when I have jetlag
I wake up at like 2:00 or 3:00 but I
woke up at 5:00 so that's good so I had
quite a good sleep I think I'm just
going to bed at 10 so I had a good seven
hours but I feel a bit weird like I got
really hungry at like five o'clock in
morning I'm so hungry so I'm just about
to head out and get a coffee and some
breakfast and then I am heading to
Nordstrom early doors because today is
the day where the Mack and Rihanna
collaboration collection comes out on
cowntess I believe it was online last
week and in the free-standing stores
last week but on counters today so I'm
gonna go and see if I get my hands on
that and if I do I'm gonna get some
extra bits for a giveaway as well which
I thought it would do because apparently
is selling out everywhere so I thought
I'd get a few extra bits to do a
giveaway on Twitter for you guys because
I know it the collection looks freaking
amazing really seriously amazing but um
it's all like rose gold and stuff I mean
the colors actually look really nice so
I'm gonna go and see if I can get my
hands on that and then I actually have a
breakfast kind of meeting with some of
the girls from style Hall who are my
lovely network you're on YouTube if you
don't know who they are search then they
have like an awesome channel with those
cool stuff on it as well and then I'm
going shopping with Nicki and filming
some videos and then we're going to
sushi with Ingrid so I have an exciting
day planned but yes so that's the plan
for today and I'm gonna take you guys
along with me I'll do a quick outfit
today before I leave I'm not actually
wearing everything now so I'll put the
rest on and show you what I'm wearing
okay guys so this is what I am wearing
today I apologize about the weird setup
this room has some really weird mirrors
so you've got this one or you've got
like this one which has like stuff in
front of it so I'll show you in this one
just turning round and round so I am
wearing this scarf which is from Zara IV
this was last summer but it's a really
good
kind of autumn winter scarf I like
wearing because it has like navy and
burgundy on it and grace it's a good
light if you're mixing your colors I
find navy can sometimes be hard to wear
but this kind of pulls in navy and you
can still wear with black and things
like that so I really like this it's
actually a flag with like weird seashell
kind of it if you can see that with
weird seashells and stuff on it but it's
I like it a lot and it's also not too
heavy either because it's still pretty
warm here and then I'm just wearing a
black tank top which is from Vero Moda
and then these are my Zara leggings
which I just could show you these on
these I mentioned them in my monthly
favorites this month these are the Zara
leggings with the zips on side that I
love they're so comfy and there's so
much cheaper than pixie pants they're
really really good
and then yeah black tank top for Vera
Moda and then I have this like shrug
cardigann from All Saints and this is
probably about five years old I've had
it for a long time and I've recently
kind of fallen back in love with it and
then I have my little Mimi Bobeck here
and my boots which are from Chanel
they're just plain black boots and I
love them and I have the little Chanel
logo on the back if you guys haven't
seen this I don't know if I've showed
you this before it's quite hard to show
you but they're they are my favorite
favorite boots and that is it for my
outfit I'm off to get coffee and I
forgot to says well my nail polishes
barium rasberry I bought this in the
airport because I didn't have time to
paint my nails like I said in my last
vlog or in vlog Tober the first day that
I was gonna paint them in the morning I
didn't get time I don't know what is
that with my focus anyway I'm wearing
those and then I'm wearing my big chunky
knuckle ring yay very first something
spice latte of the season
but knows notes and they don't have
these in England it drives me crazy
today slow voice but no cigar
okay guys so my early morning a Mac
quest has been completed I managed to
get pretty much everything I wanted from
the macro Rihanna line except for the
lipgloss which that sold out already
even though I was literally the first
person through the door he unlocked it
and I walked through it so they must
have like kept some aside for people I'm
guessing but yeah I got them yay and I
did get a few for a giveaway I got one
of the palettes on the lipstick for a
giveaway so if you guys want to win that
then make sure you are following me on
Twitter because I'll be giving that away
probably later today on Twitter so when
I put this up which would be like two
days after it has come out which is like
tomorrow
technically I get so confused with
upload dates anyway I managed to get it
yeah and now I am going to meet Claire
and Stephanie from I'll see you later
and it's also like super sunny I did not
realize this when I was lighting my
outfit this morning my outfit is
entirely inappropriate but la I'm so hot
and I forgot to bring my sunglasses
so these said my eyes are like watering
it's not a good look guys so I'm just
only way to meet Nicky and we were both
running a little bit late as usual I
think Nicky was stuck in traffic and I
was with Karen Stephanie which was
awesome so nice to see them but we're
both a bit late so we're like walking
down that Street Promenade hoping to
bump into each other she started at one
end I started at the other end so
hopefully I will find that I've got my
sunglasses which is always a bonus when
that your eyes are burning out of their
sockets guys totally spotted her before
she spotted me and she has to see how
long it takes her stalking I feel like
it's talking out know what qura√≠am trip
with my camera and see exactly how long
she realizes before I'm filming her guys
Nikki and I have just been in
bloomingdales we didn't find well we may
have found I've seen something that I
want but I'm not decided yet
but there's a friends-and-family sale on
percent off but we need to be a bit more
frugal no like direct eye on the crime
acted we've just been walking around
gossiping basically okay and we need to
like decide what we want to get cuz you
said you needed stuff what you need what
do you need I don't know my sister was
looking at my closet and I feel like
it's a bad sign well my sister is not
saying stop shopping she's like you go
you need some new tests on like fine
I'll go shopping today so yeah I don't
know just clothes
top anything I want to maybe have a look
in brandy melville and guessing like
layering stuff cuz it's cold in England
it's freakin hot yeah but it's cold
evening oh my gosh any topics still
existent I know
Emer yeah I know how I knew this still
existed because it's a 17 thing we did I
came in here with the 11th gorgeous
girls we had a badass challenge and they
got their Punk stuff from here look we
could this is
you need in your wardrobe Nicky or you
can see is us I'm like a midget I see
you all the time like stand up really
straight I'm really talking kilobytes
really tall guys hey everybody whenever
they meet me they're like you like rule
only short now everyone throws opens
everyone's like you're so sure I'm like
yeah thanks this funny people guess your
height so you do everything okay so good
job I now have a complex about I like I
quite like make sure I wish I would sure
I used to be sure I told you although I
feel like if you're taller
you have the fat so you can eat more I'm
gonna say I was taller so I got chili
shrimp pasta stuff
it looks good I'm so hungry right now I
need to eat this YUM hello we are
currently in Nicky's car okay
yeah so yeah we are going back to my
hotel room now to film we just had a
really stressful moment because we're
shopping away and then we realized it's
actually like half past six or something
we're gonna run out of light I don't
have any artificial lighting in my hotel
room so hopefully this whole video that
we're gonna do isn't gonna be in the
dark
yes
but yeah and then we're going for sushi
with Ingrid which I'm excited about
because I haven't had a really really
good sushi in a long time because then
everybody have really really good sushi
England which is very annoying but we
call some good stuff I'm gonna put a
little video and yes how big is this car
park it feels like we've been going down
first down or down and down
I believe the accident let's go hey guys
I'm a bad vlogger I had a big space of
gappy spiciness in between when I last
saw you which was with Niki Niki his hat
now gone after a bit of it like that she
lost her wallet but she found her wallet
again so it was okay in the end
and you might recognize that little
chuckle in the corner here in my hotel
room we just had some tasty sushi I have
garlic breath yeah I do really bad we
had to see ten Peppa's that have so much
garlic in it and then I was eating the
garlic by itself after it was tasty
there at least tomorrow at the shoot
we're both gonna be oh no smelling good
everyone's gonna be like oh my god
Ali won yeah you're always a smelly one
I'm looking for thank you sparkly this
evening
yeah I'm probably gonna call a night for
tonight guys because we're off with her
giant package secret housewarming gift
that will all be revealed one day cut uh
you'll see it one day but that is it for
today guys I will see you tomorrow and
could you ever find out what we don't
know what time I have a car picking me
up at 7:45 so I'm just gonna be there
Eddie okay I can just pick you up I
could swing by yours Mike yeah so yeah
we'll see you tomorrow at same teach you
I don't know if I'm about to vlog at
that I think we are I just don't think
they would want during that one oh yeah
well now it's like this series is like
started I feel like has a bit less
secret yeah I mean yeah yeah so I'll
probably see you tomorrow I love my mini
but it's times like these where
yeah maybe I should get a bigger car
when the size of your luggage is pretty
much the same size
