good morning guys welcome to vlogmas
part 3 get ready for the jingle it's the
8th of December today and today is a DIY
day we've got limited days left now
until baby arrives well we have quite a
few days until wave arrives well we
basically have like two weeks till
Christmas now there's loads of stuff we
want to do before all the kind of
Christmas madness sets in baby wise
house wise we're basically like
finishing off everything Mike is
currently fixing a Hoover on the side
their disaster zone and I've just got a
call from my sister-in-law saying your
brother's driven to London with the car
seat can we please borrow a car seat she
is stranded with the baby
so I'm gonna go over and take her girl
seat and then we're doing good in front
stuff later but today is like a boring
admin day oh I did open my advent
calendar already though this is what was
in mind today little do your Christmas
tree charm pretty a molten brown pink
purple pod Body Lotion
this is one of my favorite smells from
them as well and an aromatherapy
associates
revive morning roll-on I've never used
the roll-on to these before I use the
oils quite a lot yeah probably something
I use maybe after the baby is here don't
think especially use aromatherapy oils
when you're preggo but who knows so many
things you're not supposed to do that
it's just hard to keep track these days
first DIY task of the day you're gonna
do it wrong the first time Mike already
put the pencil behind is it where did
you draw and leant over drew on the wall
rookie but this is what we're putting up
this is one of the pictures that we
bought when we went down to Brighton
very cool I love it nearly got divorced
quick missile haha really hard it
doesn't actually look good the wall is
curved it was hard
Mike messed up he did first piglets hit
Oh God really do I have to deal with
this do I have to deal with this full
domestic next up more stress and strain
in form of Oh picture frames but I can't
speak today
I don't trust you these are Mike's
choice activity oh we've got blood I
mean someone's been in the wars the
going to a wall in the new bathroom what
can I do so go get some solution outside
can you make me a cup of tea that's a
really important job that will make us
both feel a lot better and I don't know
make me feel a lot better about life
right now because well if we answer Mike
says and the time is coming back copious
afternoon and he was like don't let Mike
drill a hole in this marble tiling let
me do it Mike says he's gonna yesterday
I I do not trust you today please just
let me do it and if I do it wrong if you
do it right you mess up this is how
confident I do it arrogant I
I will go to Chanel tomorrow and get you
whatever you want out of it you sure
that's a sure path that's confidence
that's arrogant confidence I'm gonna get
it right no I don't want something that
badly I know you're gonna mess it or not
you mess everything else you're lo sneak
peek at the bathroom because he messed
this up
why is there no bar speed on him Mike
obviously had messes on cuz we had to
order a second one I guess you messed up
my heart vibrator no you definitely won
very smug husband right here so this is
what I'm nervous about Mike I don't
think you're gonna mess it up but I
don't I'm not happy with you drilling
into this freshly tiled marble Oh God
oh this is the smug face someone who's
very right okay you did it I so Noel
tomorrow well I was he's clean this
mirror is so dusty hello so three
mirrors three pictures and a light
fitting later
I've left Mike in charge yes
and I'm now I'm away to Becky's to drop
off this car seat about three hours
later after she asked me to come so as
long as she has it for picking Arthur up
from school I think she's all right but
a little bit later it's now lunchtime
we're supposed to be leaving home in an
hour and a half to go to mr. village as
welcome meeting our friend Bella tonight
it's Friday night so that opens they're
open to like 9:00 but I think we're
going to mr. village doing a little bit
of shopping even though I've done some
crystal shopping I still got a couple of
bits I basically helped a lot of my guy
friends buy for their wives and
girlfriends which I've done for years
and years me other love it
so I've got a couple of things to look
for there and then we're going for
dinner so her farmhouse I've never been
before so I'm super excited
got to go now because I'm gonna be late
on our way to village yay even Mike is
excited because we're seeing our friend
Bella he hasn't seen in ages and ages
and ages I'm supposed to make fun in the
car not too bad for a rush job and we're
all gonna go and do and this little bit
of mr. village moseying about I'm say
moaning about because um the title of my
last vlog was no more shopping for me
clearly I lied guys straight out lies is
like two days later and I'm asked it
again got a problem got a problem this
one also has a problem he's been
shopping this week
also is there anyone else out there who
has been pregnant for and got the worst
upper back pain in the last month of
pregnancy because I oh my god is killing
me it's driving me absolutely nuts I got
the worst like pinpoint back pain in the
top right of my back and it's just every
time I sit down longer than like 15
minutes it hurts if I'm walking around
standing it's fine
I've got my chair and the most
ridiculous like I'm sitting bolt upright
to try and relieve the pain but it is
hurting me a lot really driving me
bananas you also know it's really can't
wear my quest scarf you literally never
wear scoffs this is a cozy one too this
is why guys we've both got our
sunglasses off and my games like staring
like this this face up look at this son
we're going straight into it it's really
beautiful but it's so bright guys check
out vistas interesting Christmas
decorations they have these reindeer
jackets and faux fur so fabulous
Mike was like the very reindeer specific
coat so I was like oh no they might fit
cows or horses to house I might have
lied guys haha guys oh my god we just
found these candles they are 35 pounds
these are normally like 80 quid I'm so
excited this one smells like Christmas
look how first it's feeling like
Christmas guys yay
so we've departed mr. village we're now
on our way to show her farmhouse he's
about half an hour away from this
village it's not too far and I'm very
happy with my candle find we didn't
rebuy anything else actually Mike got a
jumper similar on the way here did we
can't remember anyway he basically got
this job oh yes I think combina Mazzini
yeah baby
last time who's that he bought this
jumper he's wearing out which is like a
Ralph Lauren crew neck
and he bought a red one bargain and it
was on sale for 40 pounds such an
expensive bow again I got a candle for
me and I candle for my friend's
Christmas and it was really good dinner
true story and I'm seeing you long to
Christmas tunes Mike's laughing at me
about how much of a Christmas elf I am
and I just love Christmas just guys is
smelling yes
I'm they're playing Michael Buble on the
radio correct winning a life right now
look at this
this is actually quite a lot of snow now
guys maybe we'll get snowed in it so her
farmhouse like it's like no have my
drawing I don't piece motive no oh my
god guys I feel like an Eskimo right now
it's so cold
oh my god heated seats on we have such a
nice night I didn't focally not really
loud to filming her but we had such a
good evening chillin with our friend
Bella I'm eating delicious food had an
anchovy pizza and some grilled squid
that's the polenta chips and some ice
cream Mike has will crumble which is I'm
gonna crumble
Lycia no we're now on our way home Sonne
half past 9:00 it feels really late I'm
super tired and sniffing tea because
drunk at it's like minus 3 here so card
City so card we'll see you in the
morning that's gonna be up for this
evening so I'm probably about to fall
asleep in the car I'm sorry my normal
probably 99.9% happening it's pretty
much a given see you in the morning
morning guys look at this beautiful
frosty weather hell yes
it's very odd group biker boots out
these are I got these I think did I get
these last year for Christmas oh my god
they're so warm and they're so comfy and
they've been hiding in the back of our
dog room oh yeah this has been too warm
to wear them wrapped up warm taking the
dogs for a walk
lookey you guys do you like the frost it
doesn't look that frosty on camera it's
so frosty in real life the ground is
frozen
dogs love it now these are proper
crunchy Lea is loving us so nearly
Christmas so this morning Saturday
morning Mike and I are off to personal
trainers house although I'm gonna get a
good way as you can tell I'm not working
out I'm not working out but I'm just
going for a bit of a chinwag and also
we're taking some boxes of makeup and
stuff that I get given throughout the
year and I don't want so we're selling
them essentially for charity so I'm
actually done to say it already a few
weeks ago with my mum and a lot of her
friends came to that and then all the
leftovers are now going to my old school
where my personal trainers kids actually
go there so she's selling the stuffs I'm
coming with Mikey to drop that off and
he's gonna have a workout I'm just gonna
sit and chat he's gonna stand looking I
mean just like stare at me talking pipe
I mean you know what I was saying about
you looking handsome when your outfit of
the day this is the opposite
this is retract it this hat no the Hat
and the glass is the combination with
the shorts as well but I mean I can't
really talk because I am looking like
father Christmas himself right now I
really like it as well it's like a big
Christmas pudding look at it hey baby
only a few more weeks 5 points to the
last morning I did something rare this
morning what I gave up my toast for you
yeah there was only two pieces of toast
left and Mike gave up but that was also
because you said oh I thought you'd want
the leftover milk because I wanted to
make porridge but then I thought I'd get
tore off because I normally have cereal
and then I was like oh no I have even
has a milk and then you had porridge
which he wanted originally so don't act
all Noble
I know your game guys I'm a terrible
blogger at she really didn't vlog very
much yesterday I did in the morning and
then the day just kind of ran away with
me I ended up doing my friend Libby's
hair and makeup and then I just had
loads of admin stuff to sort out anyway
today is Sunday it's hot it's hot was
5:00 in the morning why am i awake I
don't know basically since I've been
pregnant I'm waking up with my 438 not
every day but like a lot of the time
it's really annoying apparently it's
really normal and I think it's like your
body preparing you to like have a baby
and be awake in the middle of the night
anyway
it's got to part of us five and I'm
gonna come downstairs now because I'm
just bored of like lying in dark Mike's
asleep and it's snowing
oh my god I am very excited we kind of
knew this was coming but I did not
realize that we would get this much
apparently it's gonna snow for the whole
morning as well so they predicted like
20 centimeters or something like that so
exciting I haven't seen this much snow
in a long time apparently the last time
it snowed law I think piglets only
really seen the snow a couple of times
it hasn't snowed that much the last four
years anyway half past five I'm gonna
have a yoghurt that's the other thing as
well I like keep waking up at like half
was four or whatever I was fired for
really hungry
I had dela quite early last night cuz
Mike went to his work Christmas party
and I didn't go so yeah I was kind of
like home alone what do I do I'll cook
myself some dinner
but yeah today some day we've got loads
of baby admin to do today we're supposed
to do it yesterday but like I said
yesterday just kind of it was just
madness we ended up we had the Tyler's
in who had supposed to be here last week
so yesterday was Saturday they don't
normally work on Saturday and we're just
trying to get all the bathroom finished
so before the baby arrives
anyway good morning it's Sunday
admin
day I'm gonna y'all get now it's snowing
snowy admin day the best kind of admin
day surely slack vlogging also means I
have two days of Advent Canon the
goodies to show you guys so yesterday in
the deal one I got this mini deal boys
and girl which I'm actually excited
about because I went to New York with
deal in February this year for the
launch of this new perfume so it like
really reminds me of that and it was
such a nice trip I just oh yeah so there
there's a good little perfume if you
hand back and then another one for like
the survive do you survive nice that one
I don't know if it's much bigger but the
bottle looks much bigger and then in my
Liberty one I got a skin laundry
cleanser have actually tried the
full-size of this it's really nice it's
like a travel size and this which is the
Laura Mercier cream eyeshadow in
amethyst I have this already so I'm
gonna give it to a friend it's amazing
and then the molten brown ones there's a
pink or a fiery pink pepper body polish
and many candles are small so good
stepping pod candle smells delicious
time to see what the fiery ones think of
the snow Oh No squid yeah biggest like
mmm come on not fans not fans at 6:30
come on guys only Scrooge's brave enough
look who's finally awake and I've got
one question for you both do you wanna
build a snowman squidgy loves us know so
much
Oh scuba you want to go outside yeah
yeah do you want to yeah should we go do
you know now okay round two when it's
not five knots in the morning let's see
what I think of the snow now guys whoa
look at piggy jumping she's so funny
oh my god guys this is actually so much
snow I reckon it's what four inches of
snow whatever that yeah Wow best day
ever
Mike's like you must not slip over walk
very carefully Peppa Pig what's doing
slow down Oh piggy thought it was great
for about five minutes and then her fur
get so entangled with bubbles she
literally just walked up to Michael was
like oh what are you trying to find
little one uh snowballs I honestly
haven't seen this much snow in so long
Piggy's following in your track Mike
because it's not so deep low walk
forward Oh piggy
there you go Pig now you got a pass
sweet I literally can't stop laughing in
the snow she's so funny
she almost like hops like a bunny rabbit
it's like the day after tomorrow right
now
piglet venturing through the Arctic I
think pigs had enough do we need to go
inside baby snow beard
piglet has definitely had enough these
guys on the other hand like please I
don't want to go man come on guys we'll
go back out in a bit cats are
interesting with the cat look at that
ran in guys we have a problem I just
went over to pick up piglet and you
ripped in my jacket
broke my belly's too big so I think
today is the one day of the year that we
can light a fire at ten o'clock in the
morning yes I've got my I love my
dachshund hoodie on that got sent to me
by subscriber I love it and Mike is now
starting off the day of baby admin by
assembling at the highchair this seems
very premature but we've actually got
the newborn seat which is up there that
goes on the high chair and as we have
dogs we thought this was a good idea
because popping a baby on the floor with
very over-enthusiastic dog
like we have and they love babies as
well they'll be licking her in the face
all the time so it's good to have like a
seat that's about pi inch you can set
the table from when she's little tiny
tiny baby so we're doing that first then
we've got to put the car seat there and
if it stops snowing working out how they
work I don't also got the pram behind me
which I have kind of worked out how it
works already but I want to have another
another go before she gets here and make
sure that I've got it nailed finished
all my Christmas wrapping last night
because Mike wasn't here so we've pretty
much sorted and we've got Scrooged I
don't want to watch create it's not it's
not what I like though that's why I like
oh no Mike baby mission number one is
completed this is the little high-tech
it's a stock a trip trap and this is the
newborn seat on the top it's really cute
and we also have Scrooge's being loud we
have the tray for when she gets a bit
bigger and the baby seat for when she
can sit up and the little starry how
cute is this a starry cover those are
gonna go into storage for a few months
so she's big enough I think this one is
soaking just a little bit after there's
no experience this morning not happy we
are braving it and venturing out and
it's no guys it's yes not bad but
annoyingly we didn't go through chopping
yesterday so there's literally no food
in the house it's got to lunchtime we're
like let's head out to the shops check
this out new snow everywhere we made it
to the supermarket and I'm stocking up
stocking up on the oranges this is the
section I get really sad about at
Christmas there's my favorite cheese
and I can't eat it whenever anyone asked
me do I miss anything being pregnant
yes did you know a section I get upset
about what that section hi we can still
eat those it's just it's not good for
the waistline
these ones oh yeah this is what happens
guys when it gets dark so early we are
doing the car seats in the dark in the
snow no it goes there you can see the
baby we've done the eye cific space this
isn't my car we're gonna do Mike's car
next we've got that this is for the
dinner which is the car seat with the
wheels but yeah I've got the little
mirrors as well that go on the back I
just company there's going to be a baby
in here in like two weeks time ah this
is making you nervous no I feel like
shit is getting real right now watching
Mike try and learn how to fold this I
know how to fold a
how do you think he's gonna do push the
red button like pull it and then put
pressure on the front wheels like with
your foot like put your foot in the way
of the front wheels and push them back
push the red button in up and in yeah
and then put there you go there you go
yeah daddy skills right car seat mission
one accomplished we've got the mirror on
sorted we're gonna just test everything
as well once the snow is gone and it's a
bit less messy but we are pretty sure we
have everything in the right place
winning on to the next one car seat -
mission accomplished - is parking
this one is Cybex one if you guys didn't
see my video all about like the baby
gear this is the Cybex cloud and it's
super cute because this comes forward
and it looks like a little cocoon
obviously you probably would want that
in the car unless it's really sunny now
all we need is a baby I've just come
into the kitchen and this one is cooking
up a storm bangers and mash for dinner
tonight you are the best husband in the
whole wide world I've had such a nice
day today if you had a nice day Julie I
feel like we've had a really productive
day as well we've got loads of baby Adam
done we've done snow stuff the dogs have
had a good day except piglet which is
now begging for scraps so I think she's
happy bad influence sprinkle you're a
bad influence
oh you're so cute I didn't mean it she
looks so worried
so yeah Mike's doing onion gravy yeah I
think sweet potato sweet potato mash Oh
different for you you might like love
sweet potato mash and bangers and that's
gonna be it for vlogmas part 3 I hope
you guys are enjoying it I've had a
little like I've kind of like settled
into vlogmas now and I've kind of worked
out the rhythm that I'm happy doing
whilst being pregnant and I think it's
basically like two or three days a time
then a day off and then two or three
days at a time and then a day off so I
hope you guys are enjoying it I think
that works out there'll be about seven
parts to vlogmas this year so yeah hope
you guys are enjoying it and I will see
you in the next one bye
