good morning guys welcome to my Sunday
morning today is the day that I fly to
South Africa I'm very very excited we
don't actually leave till 10:00 p.m.
tonight so it's currently 9 a.m. and
this is the packing situation yeah that
is a thing I've actually managed to fold
up all my stuff I feel like I'm taking
way too much stuff like these addresses
there's like daytime stuff this is just
for Safari there's my random brothers
for my dress for the wedding bells this
is actually all my makeup that I took to
New York but I need to like reassess
situation criminals you're not taking
Amish with me and then the keys and
shoes and bags this stuff needs to go
away this stuff needs to go away
and I just don't even want to look at
this I'm like ah packing fun okay so
this is the makeup that I'm taking with
me for two weeks do you think it's a lot
or do you think it's acceptable Mike
what do you think
piggy thinks is very impressive for me I
think it's very impressive tulip Boosh
Oh piggy so what have we got here
foundation Georgia Armani power fabric
I've got my NARS concealer I've got a
Mac concealer bourgeois concealer I like
concealer another bourgeois concealer I
also have somewhere a Dior concealer I
mean a lot of concealer in comparison to
foundation but Pig a pebble appears
leave me alone and then I've got my
senpai bronzing gel but he's like
licking my hand whilst I'm filming I've
got my by Terry primer a couple of eye
palette my collection matte nude rose
one which is not out yet sneak peek my
tart is pro on the go one and then I've
got Mac Paint Pot in groundwork and then
I got a couple of Armani liquid
eyeshadows because they're just easy got
the stealer mega bling whatever it's
called smoldering satin super super
sparkly one if you guys haven't seen
these yet they're amazing
eyelash curlers all my brushes in a
separate bag and then I've got
my brow palette and my brow gel and then
I've got a benefit pencil in case I want
to use a pencil and then I've got Mac
eyeliner girl a liquid eyeliner trish
mcevoy sapphire eyeliner I've got a
Becker powder this is new
not very travel friendly packaging oh my
lancome blusher my L'Oreal cream bronzer
my mac warm saw blusher my collection
contour pencil a load of MAC lipsticks
in spirit Mac red thank you and was this
one really me you love oh my goodness
now I've got both of you come on give me
a break here why don't you come sit on
my lap come on come sit on my lap then
you're out of the way hook okay happy
there move up of it there we go
I've got my dual lip balm bareMinerals
lip gloss and Mac lip gloss that's a Mac
upward lash mascara and Giorgio Armani
mascara by Terry CLIC stic piglet you're
ruining my layout and then I've got a
chiffon she lipstick in beige plume
which is nudey nude and then I've got a
Clarence a clap minute lip balm into
seven which is really nice I think
that's pretty conservative mouth makeup
I've also decided I'm in take this with
me which is a trish mcevoy even skin who
looks really gross and he's shaking up
water foundations because it's a little
bit lighter than Armani one epsilon the
Armani one is very high coverage so I
might not need that every day
and then we just need lashes don't we
Peggy do you need lashes so I'm still in
my PJs but don't do the door I managed
to get I think like 13 dresses six tops
a skirt some shorts couple of pairs of
jeans two jackets all my toiletries
hair straighteners curlers and steamer
and a lot of shoes like five pairs of
shoes went in there and I think I was
pretty good it's not actually a very big
look guys this is my hand impressed with
my packing skills although I do also
have this stuff which is called my
handbags and valuable stuff in it and
then that which isn't going to be my
handbag for plane I have a pile of stuff
to wear on the plane but apart from that
ooh I tidied everything up can you
believe it and now I think Mike is
cooking for brunch Sunday brunch surely
feel like a squashed bag Maxine because
my look I'm not chasing around the
kitchen hi - really handsome today
hi were you cooking first toast
why ma'am isn't toast em okay but we'll
get some scrambled eggs fearsome and
triple acid oh yeah no you love a
cappella run off excited just a little
bit excited I now have the task of
taking up the strap my dress I'm going
to wear my can I go in for a wedding
which I think I said like a million
times but this is my dress from
silverman is very crease I'm not going
to bother you at 4:00 at night because
it would just get creased again Henson
taking a steamer but I'm taking as the
straps in a little bit actually quite a
lot because in between my like shoulder
and my collarbone and I'm really sure
some reason like everything is always
long so that's what I'm doing out whilst
Mike is cooking
quick sewing pitstop for my amazing
brand you Alyssa
okay here is my handiwork guys not the
best like this not as mentally like but
it'll do is on the back so I'm currently
in my car sat at the top of the hills
and in warehouse where I am uploading
yesterday or the day before yesterday's
vlog because we've got pretty
oh why five not bad I can upload in like
three hours but I need to get this log
up before we leave for the airport in an
hour
so I'm sitting here and it's currently
on fourteen minutes or so it says it's
all your 15 cent and it's been doing it
for like two minutes already right Ruby
I'm gonna miss you I'm gonna miss you to
be financed by this one's already
soaking hey you don't come into the door
to say goodbye with everybody else no
hole bye bye princess where's the little
one
there she is bye-bye gorgeous girl I'm
gonna miss you okay you be good girl you
be good girl
I love you so I'm now in the car we're
on our way
yeah this is the least sociable car
situation either and then on the other
side of these suitcases is my muffler
I can't see an auto glass really but
oh yeah I can see you on the cap
requesting well and then Mike is driving
like a lunatic as per usual and dad's
also in the front where after South
Africa woof woof woof
no one else excited to speak guys are
don't if you can see this to the so
bumpy because but if here's the mic wow
the best radio station what to call Mike
absolutely run beep yeah yes yes about
once or twice
because I was parking my car very happy
class Cuban what is this amateur hour
always uploading wasn't any as well
seven you're look we're having an
airport feast dinner because our plane
doesn't take off till 10:05 and me and
mum may have already hit up Zara this
was no impressed
hahaha also if any of you ever flying
out of Terminal three this is the best
Bloody Mary I've ever had in an airport
Oriole and Terminal 3 he drove our
amazing and I have French onion soup and
a pong cocktail because I wanted to more
frits but they had run out
