good morning everyone and welcome to
vlog 22 I'm here with my injury Oh phone
ringing so did you have a nice phone
conversation with my dancers I
well actually Mike's leaving first I'm
off tinker is going to work late now
because of you because of you you gonna
miss me I'm gonna miss you your hair
looks nice at night I like it this
length what do you think is longer oh
yeah I remember when we first did the
boyfriend tag videos before you go will
you help me take my suitcase downstairs
the big one like Mike's mom's taking me
to the airport cause she's amazing
because you are going to work and my mum
is he taking my granny to hospital so
she's not super anything she's having a
scan just to let you guys know I'm not
like yeah but yeah I found out I've been
upgraded to first class on this flight
I've never ever flown first class in my
entire life and I'm so excited like
honestly
coolest thing ever
you know that's actually happened for
the last time I went to New York they
upgraded me I got to the counter and
they were like Oh miss mr. Fleur we have
upgraded you to business class because
there was space on the plane I don't
even know the reason and then two
minutes later they're like actually we
don't have room for you so you're
downgrade again new popular my dad loves
you bye good bye don't get me wrong I
love my mini but it's times like these
where I'm like yeah maybe I should get a
bigger car when the size of your luggage
is pretty much the same size as your car
hmm oh I managed to fit it all in um I
actually had to take off part of the
roof but yes I've managed to get in the
car and now I'm off to Mike's parents
place because Mike's wants to take me to
the airport like I said which is really
awesome so I'm off in my little mini and
I will see you guys at
Airport pop I don't know why I said that
in a German accent I so I'm currently
eating this tasty polenta in the Virgin
lounge I never have polenta before and
I'm voicing this over because it was so
freakin quiet and there it would have
been so awkward to vlog but look how
pretty it is and yeah it's kind of all
good
just chilling out
pretty impressive or sense
hey guys so I have just arrived in my
hotel I didn't vlog anything car journey
because it was so dark in the car you
would not have seen anything but I just
switched my phone on and got internet
checked Twitter to find out that I won a
Cosmo blog award for best vlog which is
awesome it's my vlog channel this
channel won an award guys that is
awesome so thank you if anyone voted for
me I didn't even know that it was going
on so when the nominations came through
I was surprised to even be nominated so
to win is freakin amazing so thank you
and I'm sad I couldn't be there I was on
a plane I didn't even know about it well
I knew it was going on but I didn't know
who was winning so yeah that is awesome
I'm gonna go and locate some food right
now cuz I am hungry so it is currently
like 9 o'clock at night and I am
strolling down 3rd Street Promenade in
Santa Monica slightly surreal as the jet
kicks in and I start to feel a little
bit weird but I'm gonna locate some food
and then I'll show you what I'm eating
and then probably go to bed cuz I'm
starting to get really really tired
actually I did need to go to converse
shop and still open all the shop still
open it's amazing
so what√≠s I need to get a super healthy
dinner frozen yogurt pretty much
everything is shutting in the food court
and stuff so I just thought hey why not
get frozen yogurt for dinner and now I'm
gonna head back to the hotel so I'm
really really tired so I don't really
fancy able to send a restaurant home on
their own - I wish might kind of come
with me but couldn't come on this trip
but yeah I'm super excited for tomorrow
I'm gonna be meeting up with Nicki and
filming some videos with her and
grabbing some lunch with her and
probably down to I hope anyway because I
love dad and that's such a great couple
so I'm excited to see them and yeah
that's pretty much it for today guys so
happy to be here but like I said I wish
my crispy but um yeah I know the time
will fly I want some hair always does
but yeah I'm gonna eat my yogurt now and
the said close down the fruit section so
I had to go super unhealthy and get nuts
in caramel I had to because they had no
fruit
