well hello there people of the world and
welcome to the first ever episode well
for this year our Ober vlogging
everyday in October with Mike who is
dirty dirty boy you stinking you look
funny with your hat on
hello doesn't you look cute I think
you'll about making whose beard beard
beard someone is growing a beard anyway
so strange at the moment for you all I
am gonna be vlogging every day in
October I know the last time I did this
and had a bit of a break since we've
been getting married and all that stuff
and I did this in June and I didn't
manage to get videos up every day so I'm
not gonna promise you that I'm gonna
upload every day but I promise you that
I will film a bit of every day and
whether they all get smushed together in
one video for two days or if I put one
up a day three days then that's what
will happen but I will definitely film
part of my day for you today is the
first of October pinch punch first of
the month what's happening tomorrow
tomorrow you're going I've got a week of
freedom 9 days of freedom 90 days nine
days of freedom I'm going to LA for the
17 Beauty smartie showdown and a few
other exciting things and also to see my
friends who live in LA Ingrid Tati Nikki
lots of lovely people without me without
you I wish you could come with me please
come can't
someone's gonna bring someone coming
with me squinch no squidge isn't really
coming with me whoa what was that down
there tell us something really really
exciting arrived today it's on the floor
because my desk is so messy over there
the Hat I decided hey I'm just gonna
create some more desk space on the floor
I finally got a new laptop my luck yeah
over three years I think it is yours
you've been complaining about your
laptop for about two years so I'm really
excited to finally have a new laptop it
is very exciting and it has a
in the display show she's gonna go play
some football what are you doing
squeegee
see now someone had a nice football
earlier but someone destroyed it right
spike will not be happy when he sees
that I need to get pata Larkin lucky
normal it's not laughing it's perfect I
mean longer decent God because I have t
minus a few hours before we need to be
somewhere else where are you going
godly Oh got a mother loins by then so
anyway yeah I'm packing for LA so far
this is all I packed my toiletries a
lint roller because sorry this is the
cable for the phones cell phone for the
camera this is so annoying I packed my
book which I have a few pages of left a
lint roller and my carry-on stuff so yes
that is what I've packed not very much
I'm also currently trying to get some
mine and done so I'll keep you updated
on that exciting thing yeah and I'll see
you later
I hate ironing so much someone thinks
she's helping with the ironing when in
fact she may in fact be hindering
because as soon as I find anything or
lint roll anything squidge squeege what
are you doing switcher
okay I'm not entirely sure she's doing I
have to let roll all of my clothes when
I line them now cuz we've got two white
dogs and white doggy hairs get
everywhere you naughty puppy so guys
it's quite a bit later now and I hey I'm
just setting up to film this is our
setup this evening because Mike and I
are going to be filming a video of like
x-rated not x-rated extras but like our
director's cut wedding photos like the
funny ones so we're gonna sit down now
and film squidgy is in her over the top
dog bed you're right there switch oh yes
linking if I'm how nice and treacle is
here - so we're all here and we're gonna
film are you ready for this not really
no I don't think you worry that I think
you dirty do you need a change I thought
we were just filming stylish thanks to
me yeah but we're gonna do an intro it's
all right you look handsome if I do this
oh oh perfect
let's go amazing that's good are you
ready but we've just finished filming
and I've got to walk through a dark room
whose bookings and we're heading over to
my mum and dad's for dinner because it
is our last night before I go away and
since you last saw this kitchen here
we've actually changed a couple of
things this excites me greatly it's
probably really boring but we got new
little Curtin things on these doors
which have kind of ugly like panes of
glass in them and they had really 70s
white and blue floral print curtains so
mom actually made these for me I got the
material from John Lewis and then mum
made them for me like a stripes like a
strike pasi√≥n and we changed the knobs
on the kitchen units how exciting is our
life right now
I can't even tell you shall we go let's
go let's roll puppies let's roll she's
like wow so just got my mum's and
there's a sauce magazine for me it's
been delivered and look at this hot in
here I want it would you wear that dad
it's okay I think it's funny I think
it'd be really funny so I just had a
tasty snack we actually had egg and
chips what my mum's got this really
awesome fryer the fries chips with only
half a tablespoon I think it is of oil
we actually just got one for our wedding
presents one they're amazing so spaced
it just like having potatoes but they
taste like chips but they're way
healthier anyway so we had egg and chips
vanilla and now I've come in here
because mum and dad have lit the first
fire of the season hell yeah it feels
like Christmas I love this room as well
because I want to show you guys the
fireplace
it's just so like oldie
worldy and yeah here we are with the
fire with the dogs Mike doing his work
which gets way too friendly way too
friendly oh I'm back home now and I'm
currently attempting to pack but I've
got this far and I've got to reprobate
dogs trickles over there in the corner
sitting on all my stuff and I've got a
cat here that is desperate for attention
hey beeves you're right so yeah here's
my packing pile puppy I wish you could
come with me I really do I'm gonna miss
you so much I miss you so much
she's like yeah whatever whatever you
could fit in my suitcase couldn't you
little one yeah am i packing mission is
accomplished
tada yeah there's all my luggage I'm
taking quite a lot with me I'm going for
mine days but I actually have like a
couple of shoots and stuff so I need
kind of a lot of food and I also have a
moving in present for Ingrid in there
which is pretty big because she's just
moved house but I wanted to tell you
guys I'll show you I'm using this for
the first time in such a long time I
actually got this for my 21st birthday
it's one of them um ooh bow bags and
that was right around the time I first
started YouTube so I used to talk about
it all the time
and I was just thinking I don't know
which timeout to take with me and then I
remembered this one I thought hey I'll
give it a whirl again so I'm taking this
one it has seen a lot of love in its
time this bag is quite battered but it's
really cute and I haven't used it in
ages these guys have not been helping
very much have you guys hmm not much
response Mike is still downstairs
working so I'm just gonna get into bed
cuz I'm really tired and I've got an
early start tomorrow yeah I'm not sure
when this vlogs can be able to go up
because by the time I like tomorrow
morning I could edit it really early
tomorrow and then leave it uploading
from here maybe I'll do that cuz
otherwise I don't know when I'm then
next get internet because I'll be in in
the airport and on the aeroplane all day
long and I forgot
hit my nails that's one more job for
tomorrow morning and then I'll blatantly
smudge them you know if you do your
nails and hurry just before you have to
go somewhere and then you always wreck
them I always do anyway anyway I'm going
to bed now and I will see you guys
tomorrow for the second day of vlog Toba
