why I'm company training I'm not gonna
be able train
I got two hours into this morning I was
going to be driving to London because
today is a really exciting day if you
guys talking really quiet because people
look at you are you crazy when your
dreams
I was meant to be well I am going to run
a fashion weekend and I am interviewing
Molly came from Saturday's which is
really exciting and I loved her before a
video on my channel and my land and go
off so I was literally like
and managed to get ready in 20 minutes
leave the house
guess this realization can get on the
train that kept me there in time I'm
having to do my makeup on the train
which there we go so it's gonna hold all
kinda as we like
now de'longhi past weekend and
so I made it in time guys I'm in London
I'm just heading over to Somerset House
now call under Fashion Weekend
so I'm so excited to meet Molly so I am
just cutting in there is Somerset House
went under Fashion Weekend is I'm gonna
go and interview Molly now and then I
have a little bit of time after that to
go shopping too which is cool because
it's actually my mom's birthday next
week
so what was I crazy there guys we're all
crazy so I just got out from meeting
Molly and she was so lovely and so
gorgeous
tiny tiny so slim and petite and just
absolutely stunning and she was lovely
we actually had a really good interview
and apart from the fact that lights cut
out halfway through which was actually
quite funny it just like went dark I
think I'm going to leave a bit of it in
in the video because it was just really
funny so typically my card just ran out
of space midway between vlogging men and
I had just been talking to my camera for
at least probably three minutes extra
and it wasn't recording slightly
annoying it's obviously not my day it's
so lovely to meet Molly like honestly
she's absolutely lovely and because my
video for my views channel isn't gonna
go up until next week I'm gonna do a
little giveaway on Twitter though we're
linking info bar below this to my
Twitter and we're giving away a signed
picture or more
and want to fund them to do this she
lipsticks which she sign as well and yes
I know my peril over my face I'm just
feeling a little bit flustered today
it's one of those days by I'm off to
meet my friend for lunch which is really
cool because I haven't seen her in
actually ages so I'm gonna keep walking
as people that actually looking at me
like I'm crazy the general public really
like is not very camera friendly I feel
like in America if you see people and if
I blog on the street when I'm there I
just don't really get like stared at too
much in England everyone is like why are
you filming yourself so it's always a
little bit awkward I'm gonna go this way
actually yeah so I'll see you in a short
smile I'm gonna go into comic-con and
see if I can get anything for my mom's
birthday because that's what I was
looking for under Fashion Weekend but
they didn't actually have anything I
feel like the designers there this year
I'm a lot more expensive and the
discounts well that's maybe it's getting
more popular I don't know and they
Branson feel like they're gonna discount
their stuff as much so I didn't find
anything I might follow my mom it's her
birthday in two weeks time so hopefully
I'll find something for her she's kind
of hard to buy for
but I kind of hanging babies hey guys
that was pretty enthusiastic maybe I
should be cooler than them hey guys I'm
back on the train now I'm so exhausted I
met my friend for lunch she's really
lovely I hadn't seen her in actually
ages
she was a uni friend who I have I've
kept in touch with I'm not like a huge
amount so I mean I've only seen her a
couple of times really since I left uni
so it was so nice to catch up with her
and she just got engaged which is really
exciting I am like literally so hot and
exhausted from carrying all my bags I've
had my camera at my tripod my microphone
and stuff like carrying around me all
day so my shoulders hurt my arms like
let me show you let me show you this
look how red my arm saw from carrying my
bags but I have a chai latte ready to go
and I wait for the train to leave I
think I'm like half an hour early for
this train so I'm gonna have to like sit
on it but I don't care because it's a
seat I don't have to carry my bags and
I'm really excited to get home actually
because Mike is home he's been away for
like three days or two nights so I'm
excited to see him and I'm not sure what
we're doing tonight oh I wanted to show
you as well the now that I have it the
signed picture that you guys can win
from Mali so this is the prize for the
Twitter giveaway that we're doing sign
picture from Mali and one of her
limited-edition lipsticks that I find
anyway but then she's also done a real
signature on it instead of a printed one
so and the color is I mean it's called
flashbulb fuchsia fuchsia flash is what
it's called and that's the colour it's
very bright
so that is Molly's limited edition
lipstick if you guys want to win it I'm
looking for the camera so it's hard to
do that if you guys want to win it then
head over to my Twitter and there will
be details on how to win it so if you're
a male fan this is for you
and I love when I get home and when I
seem like I don't know if we're doing
anything tonight hopefully it's
something exciting so I'm back home I've
taken my makeup off and put my glasses
on which is pretty much the first thing
I do if I've ever got a lot of makeup on
I get home and I'm like take it off
cleansing balm so off it came tied my
hair back and I'm here Mike's been awake
for two days and I miss him and his
staff made a t-shirt how's it going I've
had too much alcoholic beverages and it
has left me with a sore head really how
rude squidge hi squeege he ties the
puppies are so big now I haven't really
like spoken about how the puppies are
developing in a while
here's treacle he's a lot bigger than
squish treacle you're big-boned Oh Ricky
you're so cute oh and squidge is a
sulking that and we actually have this
reprobate to say hi now see this is my
mum's dog and we who bit in here
yesterday
these dogs are seriously you're naughty
very naughty what we doing tonight and I
come sit in his courage do you mind if I
sit there don't you do you see do you
mind so I won't sit I'll do this are we
doing anything tonight nan your business
okay we just have a nice bit of supper
chill out I thought you it wasn't me
something you I know you were cooking me
supper no you're cooking you definitely
said you would cook me supper no I've
had I've been working today that's had a
hang of it looks like Mike's cooking me
supper guys
he's watching the football right now but
Devon yeah everybody see my team good
today
what else whatevs whatever swage someone
just called me into the kitchen saying
he's got something lovable going on are
the past two measurements how much
you're making for dinner
oh you're making dinner I mean you're
making how we do this well I think
they're weak Oh straight into the thing
does it work if you want to be a big
fatty and have a double portion
there we go so that's our what happens
the rest of it just just kind of before
it is good day because I always cook too
much spaghetti look there goes include
Mike that what to be honest with that
much left you may as well that's what
he's saying
see famous this isn't God could be nicer
Shh shush sneak them in the side and you
can this is the secret piggy fin edition
if you want more pasta face that's for
me if I do this little extra bit for me
a little bit I should pop in theory this
is quite boring vlog about spaghetti
Mike hurry up with Harry it's more it's
more one enough what are you doing
season it's not really it's at one and a
half past its nurse's more like it's
more on like one and three-quarters
well I'm a three-quarter person I'm
pretty sure you know what happened guys
fell asleep on the sofa and I didn't
finish my vlog Mike and I are going on a
delightful family walk with the dogs
I've stolen his sunglasses because it's
super sunny today look the weather is
with us for the first time in a long
time
we're off on a walk and we're not each
all we're doing today we're just
spending a nice day I think we should go
to the golf range no I don't think we
should do that I think she goes football
did you know what rugby shopping
cinema not on a sunny day like this I
you know we can do you can help me weed
that sounds tempting
mm-hmm fun day ahead walk the dogs let's
walk the dogs here the dogs already took
out my yes right we're off we'll see you
soon guys love you Ross quick goodbye
