well hello guys long time no see I am
back from my honeymoon first of all
before I even start blogging I want to
say thank you all so so much for all of
your kind messages tweets everything
around the wedding I honestly Mike and I
were totally overwhelmed especially with
Twitter it was literally we couldn't
read every tweet because it was just so
many coming through in the day is kind
of after the wedding and for the wedding
and just during the wedding it was
amazing and if you are wanting to see
any more wedding kind of related based
videos there will be a wedding video
going up and there also be like a photo
album video as well so if you guys want
to see that make sure you are subscribed
to my main channel photo force and my
bridal channel further vlog floated flop
now that's this channel pride divorce is
my bridal channel so yeah if you want to
see any more wedding related stuff then
make sure you subscribe to them and they
will be up in the next few weeks I am
currently in a service station I'm not
entirely sure what that noise it sounds
like a helicopter which is weird anyway
today I think it is a helicopter in fact
um it's really distracting me I hope
today I am actually going on a bit of a
road trip on my own I'm going to visit
my friend Lissy who lives down in
Wiltshire which is quite a drive from me
so I've been in the car for about two
hours now and I stopped for a coffee
skinny caramel macchiato all the way to
revive me and I shouldn't be too much
longer she basically is having a bit of
rubbish week so I thought I would go and
visit her if you guys are confused she
doesn't normally live three hours but I
will she does she works there and her
parents her family live near me so
that's how I'm her friend because she
kind of used to be local I'm convinced
that she'll move back but let's hope
anyway I'm going to visit her and we
have a girly night and yeah so don't
really know what else to tell you I've
got some champagne ready for the girly
night here oh yeah I do yeah and I'm
gonna get on the road again because I'm
already a little bit late because it is
raining okay this is an unwelcome change
from the glorious sunshine of Thailand
and the glorious heat it did rain in
Thailand because it's monsoon season but
it wasn't like this miserable wet rain
with a coat on rubbish I've arrived
actually I arrived like a couple of
hours ago but we got so busy chatting
that I didn't actually vlog but anyway
this is here we're not that old
okay focus focus focus come on camera
you can do it Tally's here and it
probably hasn't been in a vlog since she
was really cute and a baby she's still
cute yet now she is much bigger so she's
sitting here because I was sitting there
and she wanted to cuddle me not not
lysse loyalty yeah it did we have some
steaks on the go in here
not gonna lie very excited about them
they were just airing a bit dark in here
but look there are the steaks you cannot
see them at all so we have steak gin and
tonic and we did have olives but we've
eaten them and I'm just getting ready to
do a google hangout with hello style and
then we're gonna eat some dinner so that
is what's happening in this evening it's
not very exciting well we just have a
pretty crazy for a Wednesday night we're
having um just a nice relaxed girly
evening so yeah I'm just waiting now for
everyone to come online at the Google
hangout I've got 15 minutes to go and
then I will be free to do eating stuff
oh yes so we've got chef extraordinaire
in the kitchen master chef here and
garbage she's made some chips by hands
it's not really they were in the freezer
and we have some cool wrap with some
onion and garlic very tasty and
on the Go Pro now Ali is here begging
for her life is worth to try and get
some sellotape sadly she's not getting
to me as you can see her dog food has
been like totally eaten - bad - bad dog
so here we are romantic meal for two
with my laptop on the table it's really
romantic and my makeup bag which I need
to move filling out champagne got
ketchups perfectly perfectly perfect
accompaniment for steak champagne and
ketchup it's all good all good
and then yeah probably gonna go sleep
off this not gonna lie YUM it's now at
the next morning listen I have come not
gonna lie we crashed straight off to
eating at 11:30 but today we're in mall
bruh yeah and we'll come for a nice day
out I don't think there's actually much
more of this road there's a little
Church Marber is really nice they look
really cute and we just went into a
really fantasy house shop that made me
wanna like redo my whole house yeah and
just having a bit of a wonder really see
what happens and I'll show you some of
the cool old stuff that's in well bruh
because it's really pretty
we're sitting here in the semi sunshine
in Marlborough well yeah there's a few
but there's a little bit I can see blue
sky up there a little bit um we just ate
our food we forgot to vlog before we ate
it so imagine here that you're seeing an
amazing prawn and sweet chilli sandwich
and listen let me had a bye it was good
it was good I had carrot and coriander
souk which actually was like curried so
it was like a bowl of curry sauce which
I'm not gonna lie
let's see ordered the better off
but we did get Sampo Garino on the plus
side my favorite favorite thing in the
world
orange is better than lemon basically
lemon cookies flux and tallies here hey
dog she's been sitting in the car whilst
we've had a woman that says she's come
to join us for lunch hello we've changed
location in the village of Le Coq Co CK
interesting Leacock and it's really
beautiful actually film some Harry
Potter you know the abbey and also
around the village well there's cars
they kind of take away from the
old-world e-type feel but we're going to
locate potentially afternoon tea coffee
situation cake is in order
Lisi and I have stopped off at this
charming little afternoon it doesn't
actually look that good from this side
but we're basically sitting by a river
it's very nice and the front is very
beautiful it's like an old stone house
and we have some afternoon tea
I've got carrot cake missus got coffee
and walnut yeah some coffee yeah looking
good we can eat this now I realize that
most of the vlog today has just been
eating just how we roll we just got back
to Lizzie's flat me and tally are having
to chill out on the sofa and I just
found out something really really
exciting that I want to share with you
guys my Bridal blog that I run with my
sister called bride to force if you guys
don't know about it I'll link the links
in the information bar below has been
nominated for or one of the wedding blog
wars but not just one it's been
nominated twice once for the Best
Newcomer blog and again for best DIY
blog I am so so excited in half about
this like it just seriously means so
much and I spoke to my sister she is
literally over the moon because it's her
first kind of foray into blogging at all
and she actually runs the blog side of
things I do the YouTube side my sister
does the block size so together it's
just such an awesome thing to be
nominated for and please
please vote for us I'm gonna put a link
in the info bar below if we could win
something like this it honestly would
would like mean the world not only to me
but I know to my sister as well because
she puts in so much hard work so yeah so
exciting so yeah thanks guys for
supporting our blog and yeah that's all
I have to say for now me and tally are
just chilling out but I just wanted to
vlog back because I'm really excited
about it and yes I will see you later so
I've just got home I kind of got wonky
crazy glasses on because I forgot to
take an extra pair of contact lenses
Mike left has a house about three hours
ago for work and the puppies have been
left with free rein of the downstairs
and I come home to this yes so we have a
we someone couldn't hold it in
apparently and we have a lot of
cardboard destroyed and this is the
worst of all when Mike sees this he is
not going to be very happy we have two
Mike's boot squeeze what have you got
there and you have some sort of kind of
nozzle attachment thing guys you let
yourself down you let yourself down
puppy training I think is needed guys so
I'm home with my puppies now Mike's
actually gone to bed already but I
couldn't resist staying down here and
having an extra cuddle with my little
monkey streak was watching the TV I'm
watching um I am Legend and there's
obviously the dog the dog dies in this
film which just really makes me sad I
don't feel bad about spoiling it cuz
it's a really old film but when the dog
was barking and stuff trickle was going
crazy so she is watching and squidge
here is
Oh noisy part in the movie but yeah I'm
gonna head to bed now and I will see you
all very soon in another vlog thanks for
watching
you
