so guys I've just finished making over
hazel on the Big Brother makeover
actually had the most fun I think this
was the best one I've done so far as the
third one out for that I'm doing and she
was so nice and really cool and I loved
her outfit and she really liked it was
just a bonus as well because I was a bit
scared she'd be like I wouldn't wear
this and so she was cool I'll put a link
and then for buy where you can guys can
go and check that out if you want to and
now I am off home to see Mike Mike and
my dad are actually finishing off the
bar today Mike's like main thing that he
was doing for the wedding and he got
wound rip was making the bar so I'm
gonna go see how that is progressing
it's having fairy lights on it and it's
being painted and all this kind of stuff
but actually started off with half the
bar already because I we'd had it for my
brother's wedding so Mike and a friend
of his made it for my brother's wedding
so we've extended it to make it bigger
and then painted it white it was black
before so it was kind of a hard job but
I know he was a little bit like do we
have to have this white flower I was
like yes so yeah we're gonna see that I
am seriously holding my car need to get
that conditioning on and I will see you
shortly
sorry I couldn't vlog in the last couple
of hours I'm doing they're quite strict
with I don't even know if I'm allowed to
like show the carpark of Big Brother
they're very strict getting in and out
and yes so we'll see you shortly bye
so I just got back to mums and I'm
making it a Jaa's lot of super healthy
soup pairing my ingredients I've got to
chop them all out it's not a fun job
I've already done onions and my eyes
hurt yes big shiny shiny is amazing so
the vegetable soup vegetable soup
mission was accomplished and I ate some
vegetable soup and it was tasty and now
we're in the marquee I'm purposefully
against a white wall so I'm not sure
anything cuz it's gonna be a surprise
but the boys are building the bar and
I'm going to show you
Mike's handiwork at his bar building
sneaky sneaky sneak peek so this is
Mike's undertaking of a bar it isn't
totally white as you can see it's a
little freckle D because actually having
fairy lights over the top of this white
bit and then it's having material over
the top of that so it looks all
fairytale II there he is man of the hour
bar builder himself looking stressed out
I'll show you what it's done so Michael
what are you doing now you touch chops
to the bar touch chat was with you paint
yeah we're not actually gonna be
finishing the Bart and I are we to make
these bits fit flat because at the
moment they're not flat they're not flat
but these are the lights would snazzy
net lights they go all the way around
and then it's gonna be super twinkly
twinkly twinkly where this material over
the top
and it's gonna look for them so we're
sitting here in the marquee with
Smythe's paintbrush reflecting and
getting and we just had a dance around
where the darkness was gonna be Shh I'm
supposed to do that
wait I'm so excited guys one week to go
one week it's been one week sorry
changes anyway we're very excited mm-hmm
now I'm gonna stand you up
we fixed my dress to my mom did magic
work
and managed to use the teeny tiny this
invisible thread she did not use those
that's a bad idea and she managed to fix
it so all good on the dress front I did
write the company an email to say how
upset it was because ultimate fail yeah
and the whole experience like the
service was pretty bad at the time so
I'm just gonna back there again
well I hopefully won't need to go back
there anyway
maybe 2050 about some kind of Couture
red-carpet gown for all those times I go
down the red carpet we just got home
from dinner at my mum's and I've
uploaded my new video yes it's the first
time I've uploaded a beauty video in
like nearly two weeks my eye has reread
I'm not entirely sure why but I am
SuperDuper excited about it because
honestly like time is disappearing like
absolutely disappearing when I said I'm
gonna try and vlog every day I've been
vlogging kind of every other day but I
just haven't had time to edit so I don't
know when these logs gonna go up or like
how close to the wedding everything's
gonna happen but it's just crazy I mean
I might like pre upload some of them so
they go up every day like after the
wedding or something I don't even know
it's crazy here's my little Treecko bum
right there isn't she cute but yeah I'm
gonna get ready for bed now and go and
have a sleep I think I might have a
little bit lyin tomorrow I'm really
looking forward to it because I'm really
tired
but yeah my eyeshadows like all over my
face yeah I'll see you guys in the
morning
is a romantic way up to right now
