morning guys it is the third installment
in my wedding countdown today I'm gonna
be rockin in this little bad boy it's
pretty big
I've borrowed a white van and I'm going
to pick up Lizzie and we're going to
Ikea to get parasols for the outside of
the marquee for the wedding they did
pretty cheap ones I like 45 pounds which
I was pretty impressed by however the
weather at the moment is not looking
particularly fantastic as you will see
in that clip at the beginning it is
absolutely peeing it down with rain but
it's a week to go so hopefully that will
be gone I have heard a rumor as well
that it's due to be a heat wave on the
weekend of my wedding so fingers crossed
mum is inside trying to sew my wedding
dress which again I just can't believe
has happened I think I'm the email the
company and talk to him about it but I
just I just no words no words for
ripping the sleeve off your wedding
dress a week before your wedding when it
came from New York and you can't take it
back to the seamstress hooray
so yeah so that's what's happening today
here's the gorgeous fan are you guys
coming along with me you know you want
to
so guys we've arrived and I have Lucy
and we made it to glamorous IKEA we had
someone get renoise for you because it's
a romantic meal - right now we actually
have to try the lace Birmingham because
what we wanted was not in stock anywhere
else but that way experience which we're
gonna show you we're too busy too much
of this but amid plenty of evils
apparently no longer make a horse meat
yeah so we're going to tuck down on
these tuck down
chow down and then oh yeah oh yeah we
are and then we're going to get some
parasols
you treat me well we've got meaning the
man in the situation to be driving she's
not doing a bad job actually on the old
m6 she's there I'm like it's so
we've got a lot of funny legs that's got
bay leaves rubbish it was and now it's
not
moving
so Lucy is having to drive the van home
we are stay Mike's here and we're
actually become our wedding rings we're
getting married and we've lost
everything in the marquee which I'm not
going to show you because you're gonna
have to wait for the wedding video to
see that it's a really rubbish but it's
really rubbish there's no fairy lights
at all or trees or anything magical in
there was so glad loads of black
everywhere very exciting stuff and yes
I'll be going around you
we just stopped off at like sisters to
say hello and she's got this is chewy
hello
he's the bait hope and dog is it busy
boy right boy how old is he and squid
just six months and like the same size -
the fluff truly cool he's literally like
a teddy bear I love you just quit just
like I do not want the kisses thank you
very much
we've just got home after a long day of
wedding errands but we completed our
missions and as a reward
mike has decided he's going can I have a
small fish please because it's not quite
in line with the wedding diet however
Michael we're gonna eat these now and go
to bed I've got to be up really early
not quite yet I thought your movie maybe
I've got to be up super early to go and
do a big brother shoot tomorrow I am
making over hazel which I'm really
excited about she's like I think I've
done the best outfit like she's my
favorite outfit I've chosen if you guys
haven't been watching my big brother
live shows then I'll put a link in for
Pablo you guys can go check maps
my teeth are really scents - I did a
crest white strip this morning and I
didn't realize I bought the two hour
ones as 30 minute ones and there
really hurting and I don't think I can
do another one tomorrow I think I'm
gonna have seen them every other day
anyway we're gonna go now we'll see
tomorrow yeah wedding is really soon and
I'm getting really annoyed started
wrapping up the bride
I end up going with the cutter - trauma
