sup guys it's the wedding countdown
second edition I would say day to you
but I didn't know yesterday because it
got so crazy I was running about 5
million errands of crazy yesterday
wasn't it and the Marquis started to go
up so we want to see that very exciting
I'm not gonna lie
mike is here and the same as in the last
vlog he is going to work right now I
have an absolute ton of editing today
for flood force flow to vlog and right
before so I'm going to be doing that and
I haven't blogged in like 10 days
something crazy so I need to do that and
then are you finishing the bar this
evening yes Mike's been making the bar
for the wedding and it's just a labor of
love he's even got paint on his face can
you see this right here this is paint
there's another little splat there it's
my mosquito bite next to your mozzie
bite yeah we did the playlist Batali
down one song from Metallica read it we
danced around my office listening to the
playlist to check all of the songs were
danceable that's how dedicated we are to
your playlist
very playable it's actually Mike's
birthday when we're on our honeymoon so
whilst he's out of the house today I've
taken this opportunity to get all of his
presence out and I'm gonna wrap them up
but I'm gonna show you what I'm getting
him because I know he won't watch this
because we he just don't already watch
my vlogs right now because we are
strapped for time if you know what I
mean so he don't actually want anything
for his birthday because we're obviously
getting married
he's like I don't want you to spend any
money you don't want it I don't want
anything I don't need anything but luck
but obviously it's his birthday so I
can't not getting him any get him
anything as his new wife so I bought him
a polo shirt from Ralph Lauren which I
got when I was in LA last week I really
liked it actually because it doesn't
have the pony on it it has like this
cool like polo stick kind of design
which I really like and I love him in
black as well and then I also got him
the Ralph Lauren red fragrance which is
actually the new one and he hasn't
smelled her but he's seen it sounds
ridiculous but he's seen the advert for
it on TV
have like boats and cars and just
generally he loved it and he wears the
black one and a blue version of this so
I smelled it when I was in Sephora and I
got him that and then I also got him a
few things from Abercrombie he actually
doesn't really wear I would call me
anymore he used to wear it a lot when he
was younger but he was still really
likes that underwear so I got em three
sets of boxes if you guys have never
tried as a guy or your boyfriend or
whatever has never tried to Abercrombie
underwear like honestly it's so so soft
the waistband in here it's like super
super soft so really comfy and he likes
this I got him red stripe you want green
stripe new ones and blue stripy ones and
he'll hate me for showing his underwear
on YouTube so let's get away from that
and then I also got him these navy blue
shorts from Abercrombie which had a belt
they actually had a sale on Ingrid and I
went in last week and I think I got all
of this stuff like sixty pounds and
havoc on me which is amazing like these
shorts alone in London will probably be
like 70 pounds
I mean $60 so it's like 40 pounds I got
an offer for 40 pounds and the short was
alone probably about 60 70 pounds didn't
England so a bit of a bargain so that's
Mike first present I'm gonna wrap them
all up in blue wrapping paper and hide
them away and then put them in my
suitcase so I'm done guys it's a big
stack of boy ish presents now all I need
is a little white ribbon and I'm done
still editing 4:00 p.m. feel frazzled at
a computer screen but I'm gonna continue
on Mike divorce we have a problem
what is said problem basically on your
Hendon aka back to the wrap party for
anyone not in the know he's not English
you decided that you'd give your friends
the home internet password to let them
log on to the internet said password was
attached to a piece of plastic that goes
in the back of the router where's that
now we lost it how did you lose it you
will wiggle me may have it wasn't my
fault we may have consumed excess amount
of alcohol it was mehendi didn't happen
on my stag do ya
hi everybody well-behaved nice gentleman
didn't cause any mischief in Portugal
whatsoever well we've lost the internet
password and we're not entirely sure how
we're gonna get it back so I can't get
the internet on my laptop
I've still got on my desktop but my
laptop has logged out of the internet
because that's annoying
no because you did it wrong to sharpen
you up love so it is now almost 6
o'clock and we have come down to my
parents house obviously to make the bar
and look at these two monkeys what are
you two doing very excited puppy know
Mike is gonna be painting the bar I'll
show them your bar
and I'm gonna be wrapping bridesmaids
gifts so I've just started wrapping up
the bridesmaids gifts and I thought I
would he's sneaky show you why I got
them I'm actually ended up going with
the Kirsten - charm necklaces that me
and Hannah did a video about bridesmaid
gifts a while ago so these are the ones
we ended up going for and I got each of
the bridesmaids initials and then a
charm on there so this is actually
Hannah's so it has her initials as a
little H there that you can see and
always charm because she's always going
to be my sister and their little pink
stone so there's one of those for each
of the bridesmaids and I've also got
them I've also got them dressing outs
with names on the back this is for bails
as you can see it says bails on it so
I'm really excited for those and I think
they're gonna really like them so you
get rapping oh I feel like all I've done
today is wrap stuff up and mum is
cooking something rather tasty smelling
I don't know what it is what is it mum's
bag well mince stew
mince with vegetables in it I love mints
he's a bit of a sir I think oh yeah that
looks tasty so I have been summoned for
my humble opinion on what Mike should do
at the bar he's currently painting the
bar so I will show you what's going on
he's in the bar - creepy bar oh no he's
there so here it is guys
front of our wet paint caution puppies
wet paint this is gonna be a large bar
it's gonna be a bar and a half what's
the opinion needed it's not stable in
here it's really creepy okay this is the
top so you're basing this flat that
needs me what you can't about what it
lovely
yeah agree yeah yeah okay well I want to
know is this bit under here do you want
that white or do you want that black
that bit there can you see everybody I
think that should be white I knew she'd
say that I knew she'd say that
all the work well have yourself all the
work do it black mm-hmm gonna do a job
do it right hello guys so we are back
home now after a little bit of a drama
at mum's house Mike finish the bar
I finished wrapping and prepping all the
presents and stuff and then I went to
try on my wedding dress because there
was a few things we needed to I'm not
gonna say too much because Mike's in the
room but just like tweak a few things so
I had it on and I went to put my hand on
my head and I ripped a bit of it so I
now have a little bit of a hole in my
wedding dress
yeah what can you do really mum was like
I'm surprised her car me where I was
like yeah I'm just a bit gutted so um
see ya I'm gonna run a bath now and then
I'm gonna head to bed
it looks like squidgy row over here is
already in bed your shoes pop snoozy
pops and you are you working I'm working
boring boring
not so much paint on my face today got
paint on your arm there no I've got rid
of it I took the album Oh your arms
we're vibrating vibrating it was like
you know when you get like a weird
resonant frequency rate is 10 lakh yeah
look at Mike's tan lines
that is what I call sexy right there
yeah I think hungry is gonna have to get
rid of that yeah nice yeah I'm going to
have bath
we'll see you tomorrow good bye Hannah
and I have just got out of our fragrance
consultation with gem loan we had a
thoroughly pampering time Hannah's
driving my car
