hello guys and welcome back did you like
that very I'm like a circus ground Oh
Mike is here I look crazy because I've
just jumped out of the shower it is
Monday the 12th of August we have 12
days till the wedding and I wanted to
start this kind of countdown to the
wedding series where I try and blog
every day I'm not gonna guarantee it's
gonna be every day because even now two
weeks before the wedding it has been
like it's crazy it's crazy you've been
you just got back last night haven't
seen Mike in like two weeks
we're both very tired somehow I am NOT
over jet like the first few days the
first two days I was okay
and then the second two days I'm
literally like I feel like a zombie
hence I just got a shower and mike is
going to work you had one
yeah for my stuff that's like it quite
suited him yeah Mike sipping on his tag
dude damaged change tomorrow so animals
are here as well which wants some
attention clearly and I love the cat
yeah
today I'm going to London with my sister
to do a little bride divorce shoot in Jo
Malone which is exciting they've asked
us in to do a bridal consultation we're
gonna film it which is really cool
because they're one of my favorite
perfume e-type brand new people and yes
I need to get ready because I'm late and
my plates it might gotta go so we will
see countdown it's gonna be crazy but
you guys come along with us
yeah so I've just taken the mutts for a
walk and got ready obviously there's a
big difference here and I've got to head
off to London I'm driving down today I'm
actually going for a meeting with the
events manager for the wedding or the I
guess like events coordinator whatever
my sister actually normally does that as
her job obviously as she's made a folder
she's not gonna be doing that so we've
got a friend of a friend for the day
who's going to be kind of just making
sure everything runs smoothly because
we're having the wedding in a marquee
like a big tent instead of having it at
a venue normally when you have a venue
someone from the venue will do that for
you so
she's just going to make sure like well
the catering is on time the bag the
setup all that kind of stuff on the
wedding day so we're gonna meet her run
through everything and then like I said
I'm going to a shoot with Jo Malone
later so driving down now it is
currently 12 o'clock and then I'm coming
back tonight with my mother who's
actually down there looking after my
sister's kids and I have a huge mouth
ulcer on my lip like just on the inside
of my lip and my teeth keep catching on
it and it's so sore and I just put on
lip gloss and it's the worst thing ever
because you can't you know and you're
like rub your teeth together I can't do
that because it hurts so much
so annoying um yes so if I dropped
Hannah and I have just got out of our
fragrance consultation with gem loan we
had a thoroughly pampering time Hannah's
driving my car because I don't know the
way she hates it I'm like oh protect is
about my car but we are just coming out
of M&S which is where we parked on the
Kings Road the Kings Road is actually
one of my favorite places to shop I did
a vlog about this um when tarsi and
Ingrid came to stay and it's actually
really just a nice place to shop and I
always forget about it and I never
really come here so this is what it
looks like Doug didn't
yes oh we had such a nice time and I
chose my wedding perfume which I'm
really excited about Hannah chose a
perfume as well as she's really excited
and she rarely get she's sniffing
herself I keep sniffing well and yeah so
that video will be up next week don't
crash it just don't crash it yeah so
we're heading back now apparently mums
been looking after Hannah's two little
babies and apparently they're both
asleep which is amazing so we've just
bought some food from M&S for dinner and
we're gonna go back and have a munch on
those what a treat with mum and then
we're I'm gonna drive back so off we
dropped and look this is a cute sweater
and it's like a little square there's a
really amazing space peeking Peter Jones
is actually amazing as well it's like a
pop John Lewis I've only been in there a
couple of times but I got cinnamon
foundation I know it's like really old
fashioned I found well I found
I bought some Chanel foundation in
different colors for the bridesmaids for
the wedding which I'm excited about so
much wedding stuff going on right now on
my guard
we actually just stopped at traffic
lights outside the Jeremy Lin shop so I
thought I would show it to you there it
is
so here is our platter of crazy food as
Hannah just called it we've got some
what is this taboo Leigh or whatever
it's called salad parsley wheat salad
tasty we've got some olives stuffed with
a variety of fillings we have some bean
salad because that's my mom's favorite
we have these and teriyaki beef salad
bites which I had the other day they're
really good and we have some prawns and
I'm gonna eat them now cuz I'm so hungry
I might die hey guys so I just got home
took my makeup off which I'm not gonna
lie it feels amazing you know if you've
had a long day and you've had a lot
makeup on just to take it off my glasses
are so - you can't even see through them
it just feels amazing I've got my PJs on
and I'm sitting on my bed ready to go to
sleep I'm so tired
weddings are so exhausting there's just
like so much to do like so many things
to organize I've got
lots of stuff to do tomorrow as well I
hope you guys enjoyed this first vlog
wedding
countdown vlog Mike's literally asleep
next to me he's not really asleep he's
pretending I'm pretending bed time guys
we'll see you soon
you
