hey guys and welcome to I would say
Beverly Hills but here's some
construction going on next to us but I'm
here with Tati who you all know and
today we're going shopping which is
super exciting and what is even more
exciting is that we're not just going
regular shopping we are going shopping
for wedding dresses for tarty obviously
I have mine already I'm getting married
in like three weeks I'd be worried if I
didn't what are you do see some people
on say yes to the dress they're like I'm
getting married in four days so after we
go we are going to scoop a notch -
sounds sexy it is fancy and hopefully we
find something fantastic and it's a
beautiful day
and then we're going normal shopping
afterwards too so it couldn't really get
much better here it is guys
look you can see us in the reflection
it's looking at a very snazzy
and I expiry this is my favorite one in
the window
we've worked hard from earlier I think
it's a little maybe a little frou-frou
but sometimes it's wrong but it's pretty
look how big it is there's so many
dresses and we go we just went for a
rather fabulous printing and started to
brag I maybe I found the one to me and
it's different than anything I ever died
and it's beautiful and she look you can
tell like when someone comes out in a
dress you like we're just like yeah I
think it's the one guys we are now
lunching I don't even know what this
place is cool but we are on Rodeo Drive
and some snazzy place having a
Mediterranean Greek salad and this bread
looks way too good I think it's just
baked yeah I'm trying to avoid eating
that but I think I may have helped ease
tiny little bit yeah we have had a
mildly successful day shopping look down
there
whoopsie now she bought a lot of gifts
for people I got baby clothes which I'll
show you for all the babies in my life
and I got like a few things I got my
sister a few things it's her birthday
today actually but I'm obviously going
back in two days so just gonna have a
late birthday present but we've had a
lovely day shopping and we are now
relaxing in the Cooper cavity on what is
it cannon in Beverly Hills and that's is
where we actually first met tarty is
doing secret phone activity there on my
side actually I haven't shown you guys
my phone case look how cool this is by
the way guys it has all my Instagram
pictures on that side now which I had so
many conference about it's actually from
a company called case Brown I got loads
of questions about it to think ingre
just ordered one too is she like my but
very cool anyway and we are having an
iced mocha with spicy Maya coffee this
is honestly like the strongest shots of
espresso three shots we need it we're
tired another thing we're gonna head
back
yeah and it's still a beautiful day in
Beverly Hills I literally just got back
to my hotel room and tarty dropped me
off and I hadn't actually checked in yet
because I had checked in but I'd
literally sent the bag that's my room
and not been into the room and I wanted
to show you this because this is
honestly like a stunning hotel room
normally when I'm in LA I stayed in the
London West Hollywood which I really
really love but it's a lot more
expensive than this place this is mr. C
in Beverly Hills and I wanted to show
you this room because it's really
beautiful very very chilled vibe it
almost reminds me of like I don't know
being by the seaside or something and I
love these chest pieces of furniture and
you have like a desk do a little room
tour there's a mirror there the view is
absolutely stunning of the hills as you
can see it's such a nice day today it's
actually been really cloudy ever since
I've been in LA it's been super cloudy I
have a little like set of furniture
outside a nice sofa picture on the wall
I have my bed which is beautiful I'm
loving this hotel room it's so it's
seriously like I just love the style and
then in here I have like a little vanity
which the lighting isn't incredible for
makeup but it's cute and then this is
the bathroom which is actually pretty
small but again like the shower looks
amazing I love like those kind of
waterfall showers I'm very excited I'm
not entirely sure why I'm going for
dinner I was meant to meeting up with
Tanja and Jim to do a wedding makeup
trial which I'm really excited about but
they are shooting somewhere else today
so I'm not entirely sure if that's gonna
happen I want to show you something that
I bought today I went to and I got some
pretty stuff for my little nieces and
nephews look at this the boys stuff is
not very exciting but I got this for my
little nephew I got this for my little
niece Luka it's a little dress and she
has little like Jodhpur leggings
underneath it I just thought it was so
adorable and my sister's actually been
working super hard
on my wedding while so I've been out
here she's been amazing so I got her
those and then I got my other little
nephew our B we nicknamed him this
little t-shirt which I thought was cute
and then spiky got some jeans because he
always gets I would buy him Ralph Lauren
jeans when I come to America because
they fit him really nicely so that is
what I got today I actually didn't get
much stuff for myself I got a lot of
gifts I actually did also go to Rite Aid
though and get some stuff for a $20
makeup challenge which TAS he helped me
with she is honestly the bargain
makeup hunter of the century so I'm
really excited about that which will be
on my beauty Channel and yes from the
beautiful surroundings of Beverly Hills
I will see you guys later
look at that so beautiful so I didn't
end up going to Tanya gems in the end
but I did end up going to the gym so I
am very sweaty and I'm feeling exhausted
I've just ordered some room service so
hopefully that will be here in a minute
I'm gonna jump in the shower
and then I've actually been watching
what's it called mistresses
for the first time I've watched like
three episodes today or what something
ripped this morning when I was getting
ready and then I just downloaded the
rest of the season so I'm gonna watch
some of that tonight and eat my room
service and I'm gonna show you what I
got because it's kind of weird a room
service arrived guys I wanted to show
you what I got because most of you will
think it's disgusting I've got fruit
plate for dessert but first Dan tada
steak tartare if you guys in what seat
for Horus it is raw meat which I
actually love and the restaurant here is
actually really good so it's a good
place to order it because sometimes it
can be a bit dodgy I have a major shiny
face because I have a face mask on I've
just had a shower the shower here is
amazing not gonna lie I wore one at home
and yeah I'm gonna eat this and then I'm
gonna call it a night so I will see you
guys tomorrow I'm getting my hair done
tomorrow I'm not doing a huge amount of
stuff it's my last day before I go home
so yeah I will probably see you tomorrow
hey guys and welcome to my second vlog
called is VidCon adventurer I am in my
room right now seriously maybe
