hey guys and welcome to my second vlog
all this vid con adventure I am in my
room right now it's pretty messy as you
may be able to see tarty is here I'm
sharing with and I thought I would do a
little bit of an outfit of the day for
you I'm just show you what I'm wearing
this yeah the yellow lighting is awful
this mirror is probably the least
lateral error in the world as well we
hate the mirrors in here because it's
just look at the color of the lighting
so hard to do makeup so anyway I cut my
hair using chartis interesting-looking
curling wand which is actually really
good it's just kind of crazy things and
then I am wearing this dress which is
from marsh I think you said Maj it
spelled ma je I don't know I got in the
sale of Bloomingdale's in New York
couple weeks ago and I've worn it like
today since I've had it I have on my
spangly denim jacket from miss selfridge
and I was actually just saying I want
like a plain one because this is like
super glitzy but I want to wear it all
the time so I feel like it always wear
the same thing and then I have on these
shoes ease which are sandals from nine
west I like bling bling like coin gold
coins handles and then I have this
little bag which I've actually had for
about two years and I've never used it
but I've just fallen in love with it
it's like I bought it when I was in
Majorca with my friends from a market so
I'm wearing that and then what are you
wearing today tatty I'm just wearing
skinny jeans I think they're ng I'm not
sure there is now they from something
monkey I love these so much I want to
steal them they're falling apart though
I've worn them to death I love them and
then I'm wearing a jacket from urban
outfitters a just white plain tea from
nordstrom scarf from urban outfitters
which she bought the other day I got
when we were shopping together and
pacific blue this is like wicked spell
it a collection it reminds me of my
illamasqua cameo one that I have it's
kinda it chipped off so I had to do a
quick repaint so it's not looking the
best but you but yeah it's not as bad as
mine look at these guys focus camera my
camera's been having issues with
focusing either way they're very chipped
this is some kind of bury em Karim by
the name of it the bright pink one
anyway we're off to VidCon
we're gonna go and check out the main
stage um I think Jack and Finn Tyler and
Smosh we're gonna feel wraps we're going
to see wrap apparently and when we think
allow for breakfast which is exciting so
yeah there is a crazy like huge shark in
here that i'm going to show you guys and
when it's pretty noisy
as a massive shop each other insult me
it's my sergeant by the mechanism really
here baywatch moment any good eaten by a
shark okay see how far we can I hit me
girl I'm writin girl pirate and you want
to be a girl pyar lo TV movie Jackie
Runa pics to napkin trees will be and
talking of this governess awesome thing
outta Batman will stand is a Twitter
vending machine mountain tops I like
Connie with you tweet at it and
something comes out so we're gonna try
it now and
well it's like
it looks like a fridge to be honest with
you but I think I don't know I don't
know what he do can you explain to me
why I meant to do at the adamantine
exactly switch resources this phrase
okay after you're gonna
hashtag bare minerals and something's
gonna come out okay we're gonna do this
right now okay here we go I tweet it I
tweeted there it is something to come
out
something is come out
a pair of gap jeans right here hold on
I got a classy pair of jeans up to
ninety dollars really that's amazing so
we're currently going for a little bit
of detour in the Phillip I car is here
dad is driving reckless driving reckless
ever like a real tartan mirror in the
back we are going to downtown disney to
get some food yeah 50 points for the
jaywalkers go steal bread immediately
yeah that's like we're not really gonna
run anyone over guys don't don't judge
us think what bad people we are is there
a vid con sign oh yeah VidCon right at
katella we're gonna get some food out to
come had lunch n it's four o'clock and
i'm hungry we've just come outside in
downtown disney this is where we are
right now checking it out and we found
this Lego statue of beauty and the beast
beast looks amazing but i'm a little
unsure about the way they've depicted
beauty right here she looks a little
stumpy just just a little bit but it is
very cool and like even the pillars a
lego all the way up here all the way
it's amazing literally I wonder how long
it took me to make it very cool we're on
the rainforest cafe I just want salad oh
yeah I've never been here before and
it's so cool spike would love it I
actually bought my teacher but she don't
tell him and everyone is eating oh yeah
awkwardly Shing everyone's the king
really damn Anna terrible mickey hey
guys and a little time no see I actually
didn't finish my vlog which she will
have just seen then in the rainforest
cafe which was awesome and I had a few
personal issues which I'm not going to
talk about Anna's flogged and I really
appreciate it if you guys don't ask you
much about them because they are private
so I didn't end up finishing the vlog at
VidCon however I didn't have a really
lovely time I met tons of you guys so
thank you so much for
when he came up to me and said hi and
made my day I am still in LA as you may
be able to see I'm in ingress house
she's not actually here right now
because she is at a shoot however I am
headed into Beverly Hills to go wedding
dress shopping not for me but for my
friend tarty which I'm so excited about
I'm slightly worried that I might see a
dress I like more than mine so I'm gonna
have to be like no even thinking about
my wedding when we're doing this so I'm
excited to be looking at dresses at LC
so I'm gonna do that and we're going for
a little bit of shopping in Beverly
Hills as well which I'm really excited
about and I'm actually staying in a
hotel over there as well so i might do
like a little bit of a room tour or
something I'm gonna end this vlog now
because otherwise I think it might get
really long but I will see you in
tomorrow's vlog which is going to be in
the snazzy Beverly Hills bye guys I
spent like way too much money and I
don't have any get more home and pack
them and even this week Christy mangos
Creed fries fried maggot how things he
does that sound
