good morning guys so I am currently on
the train about to arrive back home at
home I wish the translation so clap my
head and that would be good with it yeah
Friday I'm going home not see my cookies
out today but I'll see him refuse me my
cleansing my mom got through that level
drunk and yeah let's do this I've come
on a secret mission with my mum to the
auction house she's there look she's
sneaking she's not meant to be looking
in here Mike borrowed a book for our
book case the other day from auction to
have come to pick them up and thousand
hundred books the things likewise when
I'm not home
come to lunch in the pub with this one
we've got a massive bowl of muscle reach
and they smell so good and it's AC hmm
I'm back with my favourite bears I just
dropped my phone this one personal space
piglet it's a thing I need to teach you
about this where are you going you tried
to get up there good then I'll give you
a leg up
hey you going to be a pirate dog mm-hmm
yeah mm-hmm
hmm I missed you I'm guessing by this
reaction you missed me a little bit too
you missed me a little bit too did you
uh excuse me stinky dog this one whilst
I was just sitting on the sofa
snuck out of the cat flap into the Sheep
shed and she's rolled in poo you stinky
little B piglet managed to find the
steamed here of poo and she'd get up a
Oh piggy she's in the utility room sink
having a bath and she well
Hey look at the color of that walk to
the Beast look like a train track
Oh piggy I've got a little sausage roll
some people control pigment wiggler
can't have two watches because she still
sank after the first one and now she
looks like Mother Teresa now start with
dropping she's off and then she gets
really angry and starts reeling and
rubbing herself all over the carpet has
everything to do with alpha lupi she
goes luckily for you two
here we go give me piggy telling do not
watch yourself on that sofa so I leave
my cologne for a couple of days what
does he do install a giant projector
screen yes new hooligan Oh send a lot of
time we watch a movie on any watch Sonya
that's awesome what you want on our side
almost you oh yeah let's do it a little
bit here as well ah and these sofas okay
guys these sofas are epic they are not
the best looking senses there Mike mum's
also for so if you watching this Mike's
mom I'm not being read but they're not
the best you guys up there the reason
why this reason why shouldn't want to
anymore but so they are commonly you
literally think into them is like they
swallow you up so we can basically sit
here all the set and watch a mega movie
of people Oh piggy
well I do think when you can carpet the
floor in here though there's like a like
a fake wooden light laminate floor Oh
treacle what are you saying really do
you not see my Instagram still on I put
that there
oh yeah it whispering hi
Oh guys it's so nice to be home what can
we get rid of Homer Simpson Lola oh I
think this is yeah I think we need to
paint the ceiling black this is amazing
now about the black yeah I just said to
Mike can we paint this paneling white
because it would look nicer and he was
like hell no but actually you can still
yeah I think we need to paint the
ceiling as well oh my god this is
amazing they don't know what the nice
like the nice go with start and yes
biggie let's do star size just in case
you want to watch the news and like
eight foot cool three meter news guys
this is happening right now yeah yeah oh
my god this is going to be really weird
guys I'm gonna walk in my thigh ah I
know I wanna see I can't even see all my
wrinkles it's horrendous I need to help
my makeup game guys come back to low oh
my how Mike's gonna be like yeah oh my
god this is intense guy I don't think I
like this I'm used to watching on my
phone it's not good
well this camera's getting very angry
all of this light changing Netflix and
chill what are we going to watch oh my
goodness guys I've been the world's
worst daily blogger both last night and
today I'm going to merge yes for the
internet one basically
guess what surprise surprise I fell
asleep on those comfy sofas last night
so I didn't finish my below
and then today I have been rushing
around because we got holiday tomorrow
so I've been trying to get everything
done it's Saturday today so this morning
I was filming a video that I needed to
edit and upload today ready for tomorrow
and then I went to the gym to start
training for under 4th
on a sidenote thank you so much you guys
are signed up to run de Bourgh's
I know there's quite a lot of you and
I'm super super excited if you guys
don't know about it yet and you miss
that video I'll link it below if you
guys want to run a half-marathon with me
and do in July even July the second
we're going to do this I will start
properly trained when I get back from
South Africa so yeah so we went to the
gym and then I went and got my nails did
ready for holiday went so like this like
rose gold kind of base with like sparkle
on top and then I got like a pink on my
toes
so yes I'm now who's not consumed it's
like hot before and the only thing I've
eaten today is a yoghurt so I'm heating
outside this quinoa which I made earlier
in the week smells really good actually
and I'm going to scarf that do a bit of
work and then I haven't even thought
about packing yet like oh my goodness
this week has been mad been mad I tell
you mad yes and you love you where'd
that come from
you lot hooligans guys will come to the
pub to dinner look at all of these gems
it's like a gin and tonic love is heaven
right here which one do you want to go
for I've actually got one and it's off
the shelf controversial what about this
one
got to be the best one there about a
king DeSoto look at it crazy did you
guys can't see won't talk about this one
then has arrived I got monkfish result
and it looks amazing this one I've got
thank you winning
Treecko where do you mean humans even
access little one you guide we thought
you're all shut in the kitchen
apparently treacle was in our bedroom
busted oh my goodness guys I think imma
tiredest I've been in such a long time
this has been the longest week in the
world but I'm getting into bed now I'm
sorry this vlog has been a bit boring
because my friends just dizzy and I'm
now like long but I wanted to let you
all know and say week thank you to all
those Canadians out there that
recommended these roots sweatpants
because they are my most favorite in the
whole world they like the cuddlier and
this is the car I went from my toes so
that's going to be it for today and
yesterday guys stay tuned for more
tomorrow and I will see you then good
bye
