well hello long time no see on this
vlogger tea mug blog channel everybody
I'm sorry there's been a lack of logging
recently a bit a little bit busy I've
been traveling around planning my
wedding it's been my birthday and I am
so exhausted to be honest I feel like
too tired right now so she's been
sleeping in the car and currently on my
way to the airport to go back to LA I
was there last week for project with
seventeen magazine which was super fun I
came back for another project with big
brother which you guys might have seen
which is also super fun and now i'm
going back from VidCon except for the
fact that this here boy is staying and
the poopies who are at home are staying
rubbish so I'm very sad we say goodbye
to you and also slightly worried about
the weather conditions not gonna lie
this does not look like i wanna fly
anyone else with me on that album but
yeah ready for the airport might find
something exciting and i'm gonna take
you guys along with people go to VidCon
yeah hello again guys so I am now in the
airport and currently wandering from the
airport have about an hour so I have to
get on my flight and what's worse is
that i'm in the same terminal and it was
last week so I've checked out all of the
shots last week and I now have nothing
to do so I'm wondering everyone looks
like so weirdly when you vlog in an
airport yes everybody I'm vlogging in an
airport hello guys i've landed in LA in
a familiar background with this
individual ok
on the move and this individual down
here you may recognize him or her or me
so today we have been on a beach workout
ingrid decided as she was having me to
stay houseguest she was going to inflict
pure torture pure freaking torture and i
would have logged but it was just not it
wasn't pretty it was not pretty
seriously like the most manly work out
the most girly girl ever smallest person
in the world I just was like throwing
these sandbags around there was like
giant like togas I love this man don't
do an example of the smash you like and
if you like slam it down it's a violent
it's a violent gesture let me tell you
that but anyway so yeah last night was
like a total blur I didn't vlog because
I was so tired I just was yeah not
coherent like past now oh my goodness I
passed out at like midnight and then
woke up at three-thirty I was like great
jet lag thanks but now we're going to
whole foods and I've never logged in
whole foods before cuz I never actually
I think I've been to like one whole
foods ever so I'm excited to get kale
crunch I know what are the bean ones
that you get the same ones I'm gonna
like nail all the healthy snacks now
he's not but I actually have an extra
bad way to get to eat Chipotle is really
oh yeah but this looks good the plane is
also very as it is it tasty yeah they're
both really I just don't sell some today
so so fight listen England let me know
if anyone knows let me know hello max oh
he loves you guys guys I think I died
went to Whole Foods seriously so I'm
haja tasty food look at this and it has
you like a whole foods hall look at the
hot sauce section guys hot sauce central
yeah with red brown when I roses you're
not getting this I'm getting the yellow
one I want to try one add those two tree
oh my god guys I went a little bit crazy
in whole foods are you ready for this I
got so many snacks I spent like way too
much money and I don't know how many get
more home hopefully I'm gonna eat them
this week crispy mangos freed freeze
dried mango how tasty does that sound
tarty I heard see how what excited I
have about food i'm sad guys I'm really
sad tarty had told me about the Apple
version of these crispy Asian pears YUM
see you're excited to looking at my bag
I saw you I got three different flavors
of kale crunch I got the cheesy chipotle
one I got be perfectly plain I got the
southwest ranch oh yeah I did that look
delicious I got these on recommendation
from Ingrid yes seat angle snacks I also
got some sushi in there that's for lunch
later and I got these on recommendation
from El in her videos snap pea crisps
Cesar flavor can you see a pattern here
great freeze-dried snacks i also got oh
my god i'm actually really excited to
try these okra snacks and he's like
salted yeah this thing sir they like
freeze dried and salted they look
delicious I got one of these because I'm
really really tired the coconut water
coffee which you can buy in England and
then I got one of these which nikki
always drinks mamma Chia Kiwi lime focus
you stupid camera thing focus you are
going to focus now how about now how
about never you should like shaking it's
like jiggly oh no then the bottle oh go
around like haha ok ok here we go focus
yeah look at it it's like there's bits
in there I'm gonna try that let you guys
know what I think of all these things
and then finally these are cool
this is like liquid stevia I have a
toffee flavor what am I put in my coffee
but I found a cinnamon one it looks good
what are you doing fridge oh yeah sushi
lunch oh my god guys I'm gonna spicy
look how yummy this looks hmm I want to
show up in whole foods every day we are
now in the car Ingrid is here she is
driving wicked she's an amazing show we
are going to VidCon and we're going
go-karting I am like super excited for
this the last time I went go karting I
passed out I told the stories ring
already I hope I haven't I'm like
delirious today seriously guys but I'm
excited for go-karting last time yeah
yeah I passed out I've never passed out
before I don't personally I don't think
that's normal you'll have to like catch
me up on your cell yeah i'll be on here
to carry that don't worry to save me but
yeah we're just driving up to the
convention center and disney area yeah
you know there's like a Disney stuff
right there you see it can you see it
look at the palm trees we're at right
now except we can't actually go go
crossing
an hour and a half life and were free
yeah we might also died in starvation
because we're so hungry and my eyeball
is like falling out because I'm so tired
it's only nine o'clock but it's late
enough for me was just like so we're
gonna go back oh yeah we got the sushi
oh yeah and I got a seat open you never
had them before they're really good
really good and that is going to be it
for today guys well for the last two
days that I've been blogging in this
blog I am so tired now I might fall
asleep in my sushi I will see you all
tomorrow
bye
you
