hey guys and welcome back to join the
force I've actually had a couple of days
off on top of all the days that I've
missed this month because it's just been
so busy and I apologize for that but I
hope you guys are still enjoying it
anyway because I've been bugging as much
as I can but it's my one day off whilst
I'm in you it's actually like four hours
off I wanted to kind of plug when I was
here but we were like working on 7:00
a.m. till 7 o'clock at night and when we
finished who will go for dinner and then
we absolute sauces I haven't really had
the chance to blog but there will be
some exciting exciting stuff coming up
around the end of the year when I can
tell you about what I've actually been
doing here cuz I'm not allowed to tell
you about it it's killing me so I'm on
Fifth Avenue and this is what it looks
like today in New York is very sunny it
is very humid and I am right by Henri
Bendel which apparently have a 40% off
summer sale so
they had some pretty good stuff than
that I actually rarely buy anything from
every bundle
I just like going in there and looking
everything because it's honestly like
the prettiest store and he's got massive
laughter babbling fragrance smell
I headed to Bergdorf Goodman out on a
mission to find a extra large nest
candle now it's hardly told me about
these the other day she actually sent me
the Ness candle I've spoken about it in
blogs before I'm sure it's like Vanessa
Moroccan amber candle smells heavenly
and you can't buy the big ones over here
so I'm gonna try and locate a big candle
they had them in bloom you nasal tales a
couple of river they have them in blue
moon else a couple of days ago but they
actually were sold out of the scent that
I wanted so I'm gonna see if I can find
them in burgers and a machine not too
expensive I think that like $68 or $58
so about 40 pounds for an extra large
one and I mean it's expensive for a
candle where you compare it to like Joey
Berlin which are around like 40 pounds
for a small one so
pretty good I'm going to eat it so
here's black girls guys it's that big
snapping clams Department still that's
always super expensive so I did that
well buy anything but just going down
for sweetie look in the beauty Hall cuz
the beautiful in their hair is amazing
they like so like bronzy Carmyle
elsewhere
in Bergdorf's I'm Anna she ended up
scars and I've had my eyes on from Alice
and Olivia which I'd Ashley seen in
bloomingdales this week like three days
ago for five hundred dollars and I was
like oh my god I love that skirt look to
the price tag obviously looks like
that's way too much risk are beautiful
like the Mac singing let's see if I can
show you guys you see in here it's like
a really really pretty like yellow lime
green kind of summery color
bleated maxi skirt and yes I was really
happy about that someone told me the
shoe sand and I was really good but I
think it was kind of coming to an end
because there wasn't that much stuff
left all that much good stuff left
anyway but yeah now I am gonna head to
Barney's so they have a good sale or two
I'm heading up to the Starbucks in from
tower and for those of you haven't been
into front power before I thought I
would show you what it looks like
pretty bling pretty AP bling in there so
there is a Starbucks up there was
actually the Starbucks I went to with my
mom when we were trying to decide
whether or not to buy my wedding dress
so memories the queue and there was way
too long like 25 people long so I forgo
Starbucks
in favor of going to Barney's has only
have a couple of hours left now but we
shall see you know I'm just coming up to
Central Park which
device incident yes beautiful day super
hot
Wow it is cray-cray busy around the park
today so I'm gonna go to swing today so
I didn't find anything in Barney's right
I just have a nice little one there
kalpesh it was kind of weird it's one of
those restaurants that have by
electronic tables that you order your
food on I'm just walking back through
Times Square not as good in the daytime
but here you go guys
it is super super hot today I'm just
heading back to my hotel I was also
thinking about something by Shake Shack
and getting a milkshake because it's so
good when you're in New York you've got
a do Shake Shack so hopefully there
won't be too long a line sometimes the
line is like very ridiculously long but
the way home
there was a lie
that wasn't a lying Friday I ended up
getting one of that custards it's
basically like an ice cream because I
have much Eclair one before I always get
the milkshakes so picked up it's peach
pecan or pecan if you all-american and
it is tasty and it's melting so I'm
gonna eat it
my last bit of log was quite a distance
away from now because it's actually the
next day basically I have some ice cream
then I went back to the hotel jump to my
cab ended up in a humongous queue at JFK
so I was actually pretty late for my
flight like I basically walked straight
onto it because I was waiting in a queue
for ages which sucked I hate that it
makes me so stressed out
but anyway I'm home and yeah I was
absolutely exhausted when I got back
because I got like three hours sleep on
the flight and it was an overnight
flight and you lost six hours or five
hours even and then I got back to
Heathrow and had to drive from the
airport to my house which is a pretty
long drive so I was exhausted when I got
home and I slept like all day so it's
now the next day and I'm back and I'm
happy and I'm alive weed who is snoozing
she's got her new bed in the big
handmade bed with their names on it and
it finally had one we finally have one
that fits Tomi squidgy screech screech
hiss whee she is determined to ignore me
treacle is roaming around outside and
that is it for today I'm gonna leave all
you lovely people this is gonna be the
last video from June to force even
though it is now technically July I hope
you guys have enjoyed it and I love you
all
