good morning everybody and welcome back
Tati was gonna come in today we have an
exciting day ahead of us I'm actually
having to make a last-minute very
last-minute trip to New York I can't
tell you why yet it's top secret but I'm
excited to tell you these guys leave
first thing tomorrow morning and I leave
tonight
so I packed up my bags you packed up my
bags and today we are driving to the
Harry Potter tour so it's like that last
hurrah but Becky couldn't get today off
work so she can't come which we're very
very sad about extremely she's leaving
don't leave
on another note are you looking very
fabulous today yeah we're gonna miss you
Baxter but on a plus note the sun's
shining and I've got to leave you for
five days squidge she's like I don't
care good riddance
how rude you're gonna miss me aren't you
No
so we have arrived at the Harry Potter
studio tour a little bit late whoops
I feel really bad we ended up leaving a
bit late I don't even know why because I
was packing and late and then it took
longer than we thought and we are just
late this is the pool
on the tables this is what we call the
photos we'll take as many photos but I
continue with it this is the hair and
makeup section with all of the wigs that
we use in - san-jay-z people that
weren't even bald
we're in Dumbledore's office right now
do you want an office like this thing
it's literally incredible I can't even
believe the amount of things that are in
here probably didn't even notice in the
film like all these trinkets and
magical things crazy there he is the man
himself so this is the potions classroom
which looks amazing I wanna see can't
believe how real the sets look and our
tour guides where who's here
is going to get us a special bottle to
look out which is apparently really
gross but yeah see if I might walk in
all the sets how cool is this look at
this what is it oh my god oh my god that
is horrendous violence
oh it's someone's head recording quality
label say hiccuping solution so oh I am
not sure what you're gonna do everything
hiccups would ever be that bad that you
would need I know what would you do with
this there's another sexier question
what is that I did kind of like it looks
like it has some kind of private part a
bit like American on a
Oh what is that I don't know who thinks
up these I know that's how crazy these
guys but every all of the charts
different so there's live loads and
stuff so much work I know
I can't let animal actors like this
incredible thing I don't know how right
there's actually a team of nine dogs
that play fangs how cool is that
so Ingrid is on a broom right now
enjoying those rides over Lake Hogwarts
my camera does not like the screen
so it is that floors turned and fairway
all right
relax
it's my new fitting room do you like the
decor or is it a bit too much Dolores
Umbridge is office so cool and place
making into guests are something off
that apparently that we can look at
which is really cool is that
no way so you know then they're asked to
the ministry or are ya characters they
actually made them Wow so you can see
first them out because I mean there
won't give anything away in ivory it's
all confidential
oh hi friend
so chilled out
that is amazing
check this out guys right at the end
they have the one dream and they have
every single person who works on the
film has their own ones in the one who
so we've just left the harry potter
studio torn out it was it was so good
did you like an attacking owl no it was
honestly so much cooler than I thought
it would be you get to see so much
awesome stuff that's actually like on
the set and there's nothing like tacky
we were saying at the end whenever you
go to like kind of theme parks upsets
and that cheesy yeah it was just yeah it
was really really awesome and yeah I
loved it and they were super nice and
they gave a seasonal goodie bags mine
has blurred one tunic they asked us who
was our favorite character mine has
fleurs one and Fang a toy Fang Ingrid
got crook Shire and Hermione's one and
tarsi got an owl and Harry Potter's wand
yes because her favorite character was
how I had to say flirt she's not
actually my favorite character but she
has my name so now I have a one that has
my name on the box which is cool we've
just had some lunch and now it is time
for me to depart and go to the airport
I'm leaving these guys behind it makes
me very sad and bad and guilty because
you guys have to stay with this hey you
better take them somewhere nice for
dinner like a fish and chips shop he may
look after my friends you consider Reno
five days five days at freedom
he's eyes in a month
I'm literally just about to get onto my
flight it says please wait - currently
yeah really really excited to go to New
York so last-minute I cannot wait to
tell you guys white on there because it
really is like one of the most exciting
things that's happened cuz at YouTube
but I can't say anything yes that is my
plane right there British Airways I
haven't flown with British Airways in a
long time but it should be good actually
got upgraded as well last minute which
is awesome because I need to do a lot of
editing on the flight looks like a nice
evening hopefully we won't have any
turbulence because I hate turbulence hey
guys so I've just got some my hotel and
as you can tell I'm looking very sexy I
have a face mask on to kind of help
refresh my skin ready for tomorrow I'm
absolutely exhausted it's currently just
past 1:00 a.m. in New York which means
at 6:00 a.m. at home I've got about an
hour's sleep on the plane so I've been
up for pretty much 24 hours at this
point so yeah I'm pretty tired I'm
unpacking and getting ready for tomorrow
I actually have a little bit of free
time tomorrow which I didn't think I'd
have which is really cool so I actually
do get a little bit of time off in New
York so I should be able to take you
guys along with me I'm not gonna be able
to a vlog when I'm doing the things that
I'm doing on this trip that I can't tell
you about but I will try and vlog as
much as I can and we'll see it might end
up being like one vlog for the whole
trip I guess but yeah that's it today
and I will see you guys soon bye
