Bongiorno guys welcome to June divorce
I'm not even sure what day it is now it
is Sunday today and we had allocated a
shopping day in London but the shops in
London don't really open till like 11:30
12:00 so we're bringing tarty on a
touristy trip so far look excited years
so far we are at Westminster Abbey and
we also have the London Eye back there
but we'll show you a bit closer in a
second so Westminster Abbey is pretty
awesome actually and if any of you guys
don't know it's where we room and Kate
got married and many other royal people
but that is like I guess what it's most
famous for at the moment in current
state I don't know anything about
anything else
I feel really under English I don't even
know what this is
there'll be five million comments the
sanctuary
I think it's attached to the Abbey
actually houses of parliament which task
he thinks looks fake
alright chap you said a classic thing
last night and the River Thames which
looks Hui Ingrid was saying yesterday
about how awful it would be to fall in
here you die anyone fancy swimming in
there we're now Buckingham Palace tada
and we actually met really really good
trending and it's be crazy busy as well
so it's a little bit later now and we
have partaken in a little bit of retail
therapy for a couple of things and now
we're off for afternoon tea at a place
called the Wallace Collection which I
actually know been to before but my mum
loves it so let's hope it's good
Tati's first afternoon tea ever since
afternoon or first and emelius join us
as well so this guy's is where we're
going for afternoon tea it is cool
collection so the tea has arrived this
is tea for one we've got some sandwiches
down here some cakes scones I'm some tea
I went for the Toby Huey and it's pretty
tasty I kind of wish I'd gone for black
tea with ginger and was a peach Ingrid
what do you get English breakfast you
can and then really what sends me back
to go English breakfast party got
Japanese cheering yeah how are you
finding their afternoon tea is it what
you expected
so you're like shut the hell up I need
to eat and this is the inside of this
building which is pretty cool actually
my phone which I've been rolling on
today because my camera ran out battery
then my phone ran out of battery so I am
basically rubbish at charging things
Mike would tell me off he's always
telling me off I've got a little creeper
in the background that is probably gonna
be it today's vlog unless you want to
see more of ingrid creeping hello so
yeah that is it today I will see you
guys soon
