good morning everybody it's IMATS day
today and we're off
on the train Mike is driving us to the
train station because he is a legend and
that is all
so guys very exciting right now because
talk to you is about to do my makeup on
the train
crazy there we go look how high it is
I saw a train we're in first class
because the tickets were even cheaper
than normal which I find really weird
when that happens I've just on my face
makeup here is my makeup bag there's
stuff in there that's what I used still
looking rough party's gonna make me look
beautiful she's the impossible we're
gonna use a little of this that's that
I'm liking the look at this one look at
this guy's
this is one of my favorites this Chanel
one this is what we're using and I will
show you what it looks like after is
this what I look like now it's my eyes I
would say look at my beautiful eyes but
that sounds kind of douchey look is
really packing up her look it was a
traumatic this is like me trying I love
it I love the color it's like a little
bit cocky yeah it's a pretty Jackie
takis it's a bit cockys hey what are you
doing right now
proceeding into my box cause he just had
his mint tea but where do you get these
from sorry are you gonna send to me I
don't know where I don't even know who
they're from but there's a really
strange guy on the box I need them in my
life I need like five hundred we're just
arriving at IMATS
look who we found we were waiting below
no I look a lonesome in your high heels
yeah I know I saw the comfiest was that
the thing hello there we go right let's
go everybody we just got to hire
hundun IMATS in like two years and it's
huge so I am excited and we just met
lots of cool people on the way in and I
think we're gonna go hang out in an area
in the corner and me even work with
people I max was pretty crazy we managed
to escape because I was so hungry I was
about to die and we are now eating sushi
tarsi and I ordered the best-looking
sushi ever this is a video role it has
strawberry in it I don't even know but
it looks delicious
I mean eat it now well hello again
everybody its hearty and I on the and
ring down the Kings Road I haven't
actually been here in a very very long
time I can't remember the last time I
came shopping here but I thought it'd be
cool it's close to where we were it had
some good sushi it is housing first
London I wish I had a bajillion million
and we're also currently enjoying a
ginger latte from Joe and the juice
which is a cool place to get juice or
coffee and tarsi has a licorice wash is
it good it's really good but it has like
a little like
yeah was it good did you eat any did you
partake in the quiz better
I may have to find myself a mini bug in
the photo booth
Oh focus there we go the second set is
is like definitely superior to the first
one there you go guys can you see in
Cronulla
action this is a particular favorite the
battery on my camera just ran out so now
you have rubbish equality of the London
Eye and Big Ben is tattoo its first time
seeing any of this and it's cool and
it's at night time and it's literally
and you can't see a thing because my
phone is but we can hope you are all
enjoying this epic just got back to our
hotel and this is where I'm gonna end
the vlog for today we're actually
staying in a little hotel called some
omens and London which is actually
really cool I found it online because it
was kind of a good deal and one of the
only hotels that had like a
double-double room so all four of us
could stay in the same room because we
loved each other so much but um this is
a lobby I want to show you guys this is
actually really really cool can you see
it it looks like something from a
princess movie yeah how does it say guys
these two is taking funny both did
that's it today guys do tomorrow really
matter
to laugh at them
