good morning guys today we are doing
something very exciting with the girls
who are here Ingrid is just getting her
laptop because actually stopping on the
way to upload because our internet is so
bad that you cannot upload anything
longer than like six minutes here so we
are going to Blenheim Palace which is
exciting and I've never ever been to
blend them house before even though we
live in England and it's quite a you
know big thing isn't it but yeah we'll
take you with us and maybe take you on a
little tour Ingrid was literally jumping
up and down like a five-year-old's
like so this is what the outside looks
like it's pretty amazing and there's an
amazing view as well I think my camera
is like the settings must be weird the
right settings must be weird we're gonna
try and fix this but this is what it
looks like on the outside you can see
the building it's amazing
I can't even haven't been here before I
want to come back like every day in fact
I want to sleep here in fact this is
actually where I'm living right now this
is the hallway it's a little tight in
here there is my this is my guest room
this is where Winston Churchill was born
that's pretty cool and they redecorated
it in the same kind of style and then in
here he has a siren suit which I'm not
sure what it is but it looks like a
velvet ones eat and
so definitely my monogrammed slippers
that is actually very cool that's cool
and there is hellos this guy has just
stopped Holly and asked for a picture
with her because she's beautiful and
Holly's really really awkward and
embarrassed and he doesn't speak very
good English and it's quite funny so
I've just snuck off over here and have
zoomed in to laugh at them or could
Perry meaning good aren't fit enough for
this but you know that's how we roll the
guitar T's face here there he is
and a weight she want in grid' - I
thought he wanted us then this feather
away he needs to get the good shot look
look how is the use of touching touching
Holly look how how comfortable she looks
just that with the stars take a picture
of him it's delightful in Blenheim
Palace there's all sorts of perverse
look at this beautiful I love the
wallpaper in here it's amazing there the
curb it pays to do to get the old San
Tropez now there is a small place that's
even better
this is like parties colors I think most
people would you know the best thing
they had spies you look at that little
spaniel eyes you can see it is that
squidge it could be hit the library
cards maker it's gonna dog I know that
eNOS the stream is too hard for the
library
yeah Jennifer beautiful
but clearing during all my life
something new
Jasleen that's do you think it's a
special piece of equipment especially
for book Hoover
you just get around by the time you
finish you do them all again this is
amazing
it is literally like a beauty and the
beast' librarian hey guys it's
incredible and there's a huge organ at
the end to look at this so we've just
come back out of the courtyard through
that teeny tiny little door there into
the formal gardens and it is actually a
very beautiful day surprisingly enough
there's a cool fountain
there's Ingrid in her natural habitat
and there's also what looks like some
kind of tea or coffee Food Emporium down
there which I would like to go and eat
at because I'm famished but look how
beautiful this is actually amazing I
really want to go down here and show you
guys a view as well look at this
incredible view guys it's amazing
absolutely amazing and then this is
actually one side of the palace so I
think it goes out to the right as you're
looking from the front it's just
absolutely incredible so we have just
had a delicious if not quite small lunch
in the little water Terrace Cafe which
nice the four of us not including tarty
all ordered salads and not being like
this big so we had a cake as well
feeling a bit guilty so I went to the
gym this morning but let's forget about
that we're doing we are about to go back
into the palace and at the upstairs room
look how cool is there's a chair oh yeah
sorry yeah this I do Mary we're
currently heading up
for the untold story which I believe is
actually the toll many frequently told
story because they do tall guys open a
big day the staircase is pretty pretty
cool if I don't trip up yeah princess
sorry and your prince is waiting at the
bottom it's a secret curtain at the top
and it's quite a small painting right
there a bedchamber at Hampton Court
Palace in the Senate Dutchess of
Cleveland and mistress of the King Ches
join mustard we just got out of the
exhibition entitled the untold story
possibly and most slightly weird
possibly the most ridiculous thing ever
if you come to Blenheim it would
definitely recommend coming to Blenheim
to check it out I would definitely not
recommend doing that it was like the
weirdest experience for these like
breathing models and they just like
locked you in a stuffy room and it was
pretty sad be like I'm done
they look lock you in because I only sit
up being haunted I kept looking around
for an escape room yeah I don't know
interesting history it was like yeah
worst thing ever did not recommend that
ever ever so probably just asked a
question to us all what have you learned
today what have you learned below never
to wear heels on a daylight search
history trip what spring wellies have
you learned vector I actually quite like
the interior I'm dumb
yeah I I didn't listen to school so that
I could I learned that dining room was a
previously the reception room and is
used once a year for Christmas I learned
that I'm actually absolutely terrified
of weird animatronics people the others
show these that was the weirdest thing
I've ever experienced jokes aside I mean
this is gorgeous
so but yeah I learned pretty much next
to nothing about the history oh my god
that's amazing
we've now taken a little walking tour
out of Bern and we're going into
Woodstock which is the town that
Blenheim is kind of on the edge of and
I'm hoping that's the guys like this
because it's probably one of the cutest
little towns I've ever been to it's so
old and stony and amazing yeah look
Targa's we actually was gonna be like yo
the guy in the truck thinks we're crazy
so yeah this is wood so we've stopped
off on our way back from Blenheim Palace
in this village it is the most beautiful
gloriously sunny day I don't know it was
it was it was utterly miserable morning
whether you could have imagined like sad
he was like it's gonna be a really good
day I was like ah yeah right yeah I'm
gonna play golf like have fun in the
rain
beautiful beautiful I haven't bought
anything yet you know I almost bought
something and it wasn't quite right
wasn't perfect don't buy it that's why
I'm trying to go my match Ingrid's made
few small person
oh no she no one else has so yeah we're
off to get some food now um and I will
see shortly look how sunny today we're
actually in England and it's sunny we're
at pasar be my favorite place ever an
even Ingrid likes and she's tied but it
must be pissed
have you eaten ever corvex yes I ain't
okay yeah probably I bring everyone here
I'm addicted it's good toss his first
time it smells amazing yeah it's good
gonna be tasty really don't remember
that wasn't it coconut water it must
have been tea spicy corn rice green
curry
you tasty fish calamari broccoli bully
is here as well
mommy is actually Becky's sister
they look very similar I know
