hey guys good morning so I've just
arrived at London Heathrow to pick up
Ingrid
tardy is actually at home well they've
actually gone shopping her and Becky
today because she arrived late last
night I didn't vlog yesterday because I
was at a shoot I can't tell you much
about it because I'm not allowed to but
what I can tell you is that it's for TV
so I'm really really really excited
about it and I will tell you guys about
it as soon as I can but yeah I'm at
Heathrow to pick up Ingrid hopefully
she's had a safe flight I know her
flights landed so lunch about half an
hour ago so it should be on pretty good
time I think Holly is here as well Holly
is actually Becky's sister they look
very similar I know it can be confusing
and Titian's here who I meant to vlog
last night but we just we kind of passed
out and surprise surprise we are
shopping we just had a very tasty lunch
at Wagga mothers and now we're going for
a little shop that we've been in rituals
buying naughty things I just got home
and we have a pretty quick turnaround we
got back at 7:30 and awesome 20 and our
dinner actually is booked for eight so
we need to leave in like 20 minutes I am
just walking the dogs it is the weirdest
freaking weather can you guys see this
it's like rain but it's almost like
misty muggy like just really odd weather
and my skin looks so bad right now
like I said in my vlog before I had a
facial last week and it has broken me
out so badly I swear
the thing with facials is I think if you
get them like really regularly they make
your skin look amazing after a while but
if you get them like once in a while
they just make you spotty and then make
you go back to normal and I really just
don't think it's worth it I don't know
how and if I'm going to do another one
ever again because I haven't been this
spotty in a really long time so yeah I'm
just walking the dogs it is the most
weird day because it's hot like I'm
wearing like a strappy top but
it's just rainy and misty and creepy and
it's not like great hang on a minute
gotta go run under a bush hit it's not
like a great example when TAS he's never
been to England before so she's like oh
yeah raining and I'm like it was sunny
last week and I forgot to say we're
going to a really flick fancy-pants
restaurant as well so I think we're
dressing up a little bit just a little
bit so I will do like an outfit of the
day with the girls to show you what
everyone's wearing just kidding we're
gonna do a quick outfit today everyone's
lined up like I'll start with me because
it's already pointed at me I am wearing
a shirt from Rhys which is actually
really old and I just throw it on and
it's really hot as well it's so hot
today I don't quite know what's going on
and I've got pixie pants on probably
have a few dogs paw prints on them and
and my Chanel bag and that is it and
chip nail polish which is going to be a
trend this is a late and any limited
edition it's like puke-green as we
established earlier not so keen on it
and then we have it line Ingrid so I
just realized literally everything I'm
wearing is from made well what I easy
included my data from angel
thank you good yes there's supposed to
be like little um like studs like would
like a wall and then I suppose we like
the studs in the wall
walks say you goes Tati I'm gonna saw
the bottom
I'm jealous I one of these and then the
skinny jeans I think are AG jeans and
then I have chipped nail posh to this is
like we're all on the same good luck
here that doesn't look at to me these
chips is also awesome
yeah very cool and then there you go
Baxter what are you wearing oh this is
my doping nerves that was so nice to 400
on what she gonna wear then this is so
I'm skipping Anya I'm just what is it
where is this from this is from Zara
Zara yep - ha and then little is
actually James but oh yes
and and the balls yeah ready to go off
to do that I'm actually not that hungry
but I'm sure we ate lunch at like 3:30
just having a little bit of lovely per
second and Mike has a beer and talk to
the jet lag continue hey guys so I
didn't finish my blog yesterday we had
an amazing dinner it was really really
good
and I hope the girls liked it was a very
like quintessentially English country
house hotel and we had a delicious meal
I had pate and cork and it was tasty but
yeah we had a really good time and today
aka tomorrow for this vlog we're
actually off to Blenheim Palace so make
sure you subscribe if you want to see
that and tomorrow
didn't become a few things from
