well hello good morning everybody today
it is pretty early I am off to London
because I have some exciting stuff to do
I'm driving down now and I'm going to
see my sister and then I am going for
lunch with Amelia from Amelia Liana
which I think I blog that she called
Liana beauty but her name is Amelia I
get confused anyway I haven't really met
her before so I'm going for lunch at her
house which is really exciting I've met
her like quite briefly at a couple
events but I haven't like probably got
the chance to chat to her and her blog
is one of my favourites and she started
making YouTube videos so definitely go
check her out if you haven't anyway so
I'm going to see her and then I'm going
to my meetup slash event thingamabob e
if you guys don't read my blog then
you're missing out because I'm doing a
meet-up today at Charlotte Tilbury house
of rock and coal at Selfridges if you
don't know Charlotte Tilbury is she is a
super-duper famous celebrity makeup
artist one of the most famous Macross in
the UK she is hosting this big event at
Selfridges and very kindly asked me to
go down for the day and chill out and
ask some of you guys to come and meet me
and say hi and just generally celebrate
makeup so I'm very excited to see that I
actually missed out on the launch party
last night which was sad because Kate
Moss was there along with lots of other
exciting people and I couldn't go to it
but I'm gonna go there today and I'm
taking it with me
and I'm leaving you behind a whole
purpose and I didn't actually get a
chance get you breakfast with me because
I am hungry Pink Ladies hell yeah so
I've stopped on the motorway for a quick
coffee break
standard Starbucks and I got an absolute
grilling from the people in Starbucks
without my name it was so funny cuz the
guy obviously asked my name has me doing
Starbucks asked how you spell it he got
it right there it is and then was like
oh that's a nice name but the girl
working there was like so so what what
where's that from then why you called
Fleur kinda thing and I was like well
you know it's um it means flower in
French she was like oh okay did your
parents like flowers then huh
like I guess who I don't know how many
people have actually like met another
flower apart from me let me know in the
comments below if you guys know another
flower but I've actually met quite a lot
of other flowers there was another
flower in my year at school and there
was also my sister was friends with
another flower and then my cousin's
girlfriend sister was called flower as
well I think I probably met about five
other flowers in my life
and I usually get like a reaction in
terms of like they don't have to spell
it well they haven't heard of it oh
that's pretty name but in terms of like
not getting it and like not actually
realizing that flower is a name is is
pretty rare she also asked me if I was
French if I was born in France or
whatnot and I never know if any French
people watching this can you let me know
ah French people ever called Fleur
because to be honest if you're English
and you call flower it would be really
weird so I always think when I meet
french people and they like that's a
stupid name who be cool flower like yeah
so let me know I've just arrived in self
just before the musica I'm a little bit
early and there's a sail along so I'm
doing a little bit of shopping I've
actually had my eye on this jacket for a
really long time and I saw it again I
was like why not had a lovely lunch with
Amelia from Amelia Liana and met her dog
who is the cutest dog in the whole world
apart from switch and freako and what
used to be worth but yeah I'm so here it
is guys the house or often call look at
the awesome makeup brushes
and lipstick and there is Charlotte hi
I'm currently web Katie and she's gonna
be doing at my makeup which is very
exciting so this isn't before and I will
show the after in a minute here is lots
of amazing this is the finished up cards
and now I'm gonna come and meet Athena
and I just wanted to show you
Kimberly's nails she painted these if it
will focus my camera is quite all for
the focusing there we go she painted
these on herself how awesome is that
love it I love the color as well what
colors and it's a worldwide option okay
put your collector I resist
being good or anything else I didn't
become a few things from ten people and
one thing from a Selfridge but then I'm
now heading back downstairs to the house
least an altered shallot over a and Mary
green well at all
so I spent a lot to learn to make your
factories and Russia's been developed
and things like that so I tend to think
they go off so quickly that it was
actually edit some flicks in there so
you guys can see and I just went back
upstairs and Selfridges and spent a
small fortune so they were definitely be
a whole video coming up I wasn't meant
to spend that I was meant to be saving
for shopping until the girls came next
week but the Santa's helpers was
actually so amazing I just thought it's
gonna go and I found something that I've
been looking for for ages which is
really really exciting so then I went
downstairs to find some dinner in
Selfridges I wanted to get us some sushi
but they had like a really bad
selections it's quite late so I ended up
getting a giant pink barrier for my
dinner not the world's healthiest dinner
but there we go
low again guys so I'm back at my
sister's now I have to speak white
because everyone this is me but I had a
great time today thanks everybody he
came to the meetup it was really great
to meet you all
I've taken a whole makeup which I am
quite glad of my contact lenses we're
not enjoying having two sets of makeup
put on today so yeah I'm gonna set my
contacts out go to sleep and I'll see
you all tomorrow looking for
you're loving me
