good morning everyone and welcome to
shoot for state 11 as you may be I'm
della just got out of shower I need to
go and brush and dry my hair but I was
so hungry and Michael Nelson I was not
my breakfast before I do that it is not
actually 11th today I'm not gonna lie
guys I've got a little bit hot behind
with vlogging this month partly because
we have really really bad internet so
I'm behind on uploading but I'm also
behind on vlogging because I had a few
days where I've literally been like
everything filming videos all day my
fourth one of those days but it just
isn't really that exciting sitting at my
desk so it may be a little bit late with
the odd tune to force videos but it's
better late than never and it's better
being more interesting that's what I
thought
anyway today is Saturday and I am gonna
have some breakfast I'm going to do some
vlogging and then I'm going into town
with Mike and my friend Lizzie which are
excited about she's texted me this
morning saying she was home I didn't
know she was coming home which is
awesome because I don't get to see her
that often because she works probably
like two and a half three hours away
from here so yeah so I am in the car
with mrs. really really really excited
Mike's driving he's putting up with a
lot of like
you saw my wedding dress change
technique is too short okay at the front
let's try to have your info yeah you
know me with the pink male a little bit
maybe I went a bit over the top yeah so
anyway we are going to get your sushi
now his first time you see never had no
sushi in paradise no usually at the
plate idea but really as a convey about
just everything it's dangerous really
expensive you know but I just got one
more I was just coming oh my god guys
the traffic is so bad we have been stuck
for like half an hour probably getting
that one day off with you guys your one
day off until you have eight weeks off
in two weeks time and we are so hungry I
might just start eating my own I've
started plating quite loudly give me
sushi currently is one in oh well no
wait one no go to in to out oh it is
like a club as machine so cleverly
pointed out just we're like going to the
coolest club ever it's very exclusive
how's your quest is it going it's going
well I'm learning about looting right
now well it could be something
now it's pretty good yeah I'm running
about sushi
why can't you just come have your sushi
and we tried out one of their new
burgers with this and we saw them in the
window my like they look computer gear
so we try one out bit disappointed it
was but I actually liked the burger but
like the crackers that came with it
amazing
I'd rather have two other dishes in the
burgers okay
we're shopping for father's day full of
looking gorgeous saying oh well you know
is so weird
yeah what did you say what do you say
good just got back from town Lissy has
gone very sad and I want to show you
what I got my dad for Father's Day
Father's Day tomorrow I got him like a
little hampers worth of goodies that he
likes so we got him some biscuits for
cheese and some camembert because my mom
and dad like to have baked ham they're a
lot the puppies are have a
eight prophets grass over there guys do
you mind guys don't think they're gonna
stop anyway we got him some M&S
peppermint creams which is actually a
cheap version of his favorites he loves
them that's the committe Bendix bitumens
but these are like exactly the same
thing they're just M&S own brand and so
on that and then we got in the
impossible on blu-ray which we've seen
but he hasn't and we thinks who thinks
we think I can't even speak today I'm
going crazy we think you'll quite like
it even though it's a really sad film
it's really good fun we got him a bottle
of brandy because that's what he likes
drink and then we also got him two
bottles of olive oil because he loves
olive oil more than anything else we
just got him playing extra virgin olive
oil then we got him chilli olive oil and
we're gonna put them all in a nice bag
along with a card which is here like
that from the art file and yeah yeah I'm
gonna put them all in a big bag I try to
find a hamper but they're really
expensive so I think I'm just gonna find
a gift bag to put them in and yes we are
going to give back to him maybe tonight
because we're not sure what we're doing
tonight we might go over for a movie
night at my parents because they
actually have a massive projector screen
you guys might have seen it on some of
my old vlogs so yeah we're not sure what
they're doing we're gonna see what's
going on otherwise we might go to the
cinema and I was really really naughty
guys because Mike won some vouchers for
Debenhams when he was at work this week
so he very very kindly let me buy the
cushion I wanted which was in my last
vlog so yeah I got the cushion and I
also ended up getting this little
cushion as well to go with it and this
one to go with it too which is from
debenhams as well but if this one was
half price so I was really really happy
about this this one's still my favorite
though I just love this cushion so much
oh we've weaned the puppies off having
like meat in their biscuits so Mike's
just feeding squidge in here and she's
protesting like where is the meat you're
not giving it to her are you did she not
eat breakfast there's more money
squeegee you a diva you do a deeper
we're gonna feed them only biscuit just
meant to be better for their teeth and
stuff and makes them smell less - but uh
squidge is fussy people will eat
anything
treacle actually has to go in her cage
to eat because she's so quickly if we
leave them out she'll then eat all of
her food and then eat squid is food - so
three girls finished and waited to come
out you are so gorgeous treacle tricky
is actually today has been the most
cuddly dog in the whole world for the
first few weeks that we had her she
wasn't really interested in humans at
all she just wanted to socialize with
other dogs really this morning I've
never seen such a happy dog when I came
and let her outside she was so happy and
then she came up jumps in bed with me
and was literally around my neck like
cuddling which is normally what squid
stars but tree curls like never done
that to me before so she's finally kind
of like really bonding with us as people
rather than animals which is really nice
squid you are rats people doesn't get
this treatment spring is like heaven so
we just got home from my parents and we
watched the impossible again which is
like the saddest movie ever I think I've
logged when we watch this at the cinema
did I awesome I can't remember but it's
like the saddest film in the whole wide
world
anyway I wanted to show you guys the
cushions in sit you tada
that's where they are I love them I
think they look so cute and this rug is
kind of much as the colors are kind of
the same it's a bit more like country
style but I got this for Christmas this
year so I put that on there as well
yeah that is the little bed in the spare
room this you may recognize from my home
and this you might recognize from being
a munchkin
that's it for tonight guys I will see
you all tomorrow I hope you've all had
an amazing day bye goodbye
