good morning guys so today is the day of
my brow launched with ila we're not
launching today I have the press day so
basically I have to go and talk about
the brow product Little Bay and my alarm
went off well my arm actually says meant
to set for 6:30 and I said it seven days
of accident what an idiot
luckily I woke up at Trinity 7 so I've
been a little bit hurry but not like oh
god I really messed up so I got really
really messy flat but I'm ready to go
and wearing my needle and thread
pinafore dress with white shirt
underneath net which looks a little like
this I also have my tights on which I'm
aware don't we go I'm going to take them
off for this evening it's too cold not
to wear them I've got to go otherwise
when we rename also really hungry but
lucky the first thing is breakfast so
let's do this
so I just arrived in the beautiful
Langham how gorgeous is this room for
the ILA
press breakfast so this is where we're
going to be sitting my feet it's here
already got my bag on my feet because
could we've always carried around
exciting so so pretty in here basically
this morning is Tyler's whole like kress
breakfast for this kind of season so
they are showing press all the venue
file from their age but also my brown
butter so I'm excited I'm also reading
computers we have a little bees muffin
hello and three sellers and also looking
insane can I just sit here all day and
eat view that will be very nice so I've
just come out of the press breakfast it
was really good actually I really
enjoyed it and had them a very delicious
breakfast at the Langham was very fancy
and I'm now hopping down the road to
talk shop because I have about three
five minutes for anything my friend
Lawrence lunch and then a bit space this
afternoon before heading to the Florida
Nats tonight so let me go see you I can
find in toppers so frustrating guys and
love these trousers but they didn't have
my size
as per usual in Topshop I've ended up in
the changing room with way too much
stuff
let's get trying so first up is this
shirt actually really really like this
pretty cool kind of smoky and then a
denim skirt which I really need is new
plain denim skirt I don't have one but
just the tip we took from Dennis has
always got off a size because they
usually sit really high waisted and
really short and I like to pull them
down a bit
like that don't look at that write this
out then this is the other denim skirt I
got to try on like more distressed
version and I which are alive Anna what
do you guys think so I've also just
thread on this little dungaree dress
which I kind of like I feel like it's
missing some detail the front it's quite
straight up and down
what do you think but I think it's very
me and I feel like it might have bit
unflattering if you guys like that as a
manner it's quite comfy too but I wanted
to try on some of these jeans for ages
seems like Tassili Boston's ones and I
really like the bottom laughs but I
don't know it's like this kind of
slightly mum style is the most
flattering I don't know when you're
short I think it makes you look shorter
what is I think not sure Riley but I
love this top one side introduces the
trousers where they didn't have my size
these are a size part what they're
high-waisted though I've managed Mike
Sullivan I mean the situation's not
happening right now but it's just
annoying cause I'm actually cropped and
I'm really sure so they end up being
like ankle clapping last but not least
again they didn't have my size in this
so this in size up but it's Thai wait so
you cinch in feel like it might be a
little bit free free I like this it's a
little bit long you know me and then
cute but I feel like it's difficult for
me to wear shadows across whether I'm
again quite sure it kind of makes it a
little bit wider
cute but now so I think I'm gonna give
the rip skirt to like that and then this
share which and love which I'm super
happy that I found these because if you
guys saw mates or for the other day you
know it was a total fail me so I just
got back to the flag and I wanting to
chill out and not do anything and
basically have a nap but my flight is so
messy right now you can see the pile of
stuff on the floor there through there
is just like a bombs dropped so tidying
time no sleep for me though snoozing
davit tidy flat mission accomplished
with the exception of the bin bags and
my luggage which obviously call me tidy
up I am now going to go and get a coffee
because I have about an hour before my
car picks me up state to be hunt tonight
and I'm feeling a bit snoozy so that is
what I'm gonna do can we go get some
caffeine in moving just arrived at the
Sanderson before the vlog enough look at
the beautiful setting for dinner guys
I'm so excited
how awesome is it in here little bees
amazing grapes as well everyone is just
starting to right now we've just been
trying to take a little closer with me
anubian Daniel where nicely arranged in
high order the middle suit I got here on
normally we're the same height I feel
like we are fellow small people you
gather but and then Danielle it's just
how I bring a thousand so I do too yeah
there we go
which I am delivered at have a glossy
said I'm coming
I haven't any penis I'm living in good
old chinwag and then on the other side
and what dude who is targeting photos of
Nala we're sharing dog photos I'm joking
we're all like having children we've got
we've got baby photos from minute one
we've got dog food from this one is
around it in this every time and then
everyone is sitting here really lovely
basically like a wedding in here guys I
didn't like speech it was really
honestly like like that was coming it
was just so now we are about some honey
- look at this guy's Oh chocolate
ordered and I three just got back this I
had such an amazing night guys it was
actually really nice because a lot of
girls I hadn't seen in a while so nice
to get everybody together
Sammy especially how I say next - I
haven't seen somebody she just had
little baby in me oh I hadn't properly
caught up with her in such a long time
so nice to see her and Susie and Josie
and everybody there was always so great
I had such a good time um and I thought
I would show you guys
I came or three goodie bags because they
had to spare at the end I was like I'll
take the extras because you know what I
would do a giveaway in this video giving
away some of the Bradbrook
also I came away with this amazing
skinny Prosecco and a gift from my
friend Jordan and if you guys don't
follow Jordan ready or know who Jordan
is Jordan bone on YouTube you need to go
check her out she's such she's like
honestly one of my favorite people I've
met through YouTube she's such a
sweetheart and her and her fianc√© Mike
weather tonight and it was just so nice
to see them and look at this she bought
me some Prosecco
and the hematite she looks in here but
I'm pretty sure shark alert oh my god
she got talking with the hashtag on it
she just like one of the nicest most
thoughtful sweet people ever so yeah
that like oh my god that sort of makes
my night but I also wanted to give away
to one of you guys will be back so I
have like a lot of makeup on the bed
let's just ignore that so this is what
you guys can win this is the goody bags
in the ribbon has like Fleur de force
ila ribbon on it and inside it's
basically all of the products from the
range so you have you guys haven't seen
my main channel video ready and you know
which ones they are
you have the brow Hamer in light medium
and dark and then these are double
Enderson is the clear on one end and
then the tinted on the other and then
you have the brow palette in light
medium and dark so you have that's a
medium that's the lion after dark so you
have all six products and there's also a
brush in there so this is to use with
the palette so this is the Isla
brow duo brush so it's like a brush and
spoolie so if you guys want to win this
replace it like my whole brow collection
head over to my Twitter and write new
comment about what's your favorite thing
to do with your brows like what's the
best discovery you've discovered about
doing your brows but is it getting them
threaded or in it using a brow gel like
what's your like or like a top tip or
something to do is browse basically like
a favorite product or the best discovery
that you've made for brows where it's
like getting HD browser and whatever so
hellos my Twitter and app flood force
and tell me that and use the hashtag
brow de force and let me know and I'm
going to choose one person to win
actually to choose two people to win
because I have to say goody bags so yeah
two people are going to win and it's
going to be open for a week and I will
let you know on Twitter who wins oh my
god washing your face after a long day
wearing low
the makeup is like a love s feeling ever
in the world fact it totally does not
finish my blog last night so I'm going
to call it a morning slash evening not
relieving here and I will see you guys
in the morning I'm going home
bye
