hello everybody hello we just tried to
start good evening good afternoon good
night
it is quite like um we just tried to
start this vlog on her camera and it
went about as far as this and owe money
on a fancy new vlogging camera I didn't
charge the battery stupid me that's
because you're too tall like short
people that clever like me down my hair
messy today I'll film like this you can
see both of us look like a deranged man
so we're not just deranged look at that
hair it's ridiculous so today something
happened something very getting just get
a I got three now Mike here is an old
man you guys know that Michael divorce
and Michael you know it's weird your
family actually call you Michael like
your granny's and your aunties and
uncles and stuff like I've always called
you Michael will you always call Michael
when you look good I was always Michael
and then I decided I was like Michael
yeah and then you reinvented yourself
yes crazy news down south and when you
moved down south from being nor the
monkey he redesigned himself as a Zwicky
and I call you Mike you just went
renegade yeah anyway someone got a
delivery delivery guys seriously the new
arrival has arrived
okay are you ready for this done done
and done this is how much of an old man
you are
oh my excited about ammo just gonna drop
my oysters why did ya don't
content can we set on the motor room
vlog
okay guys I'm I'm venturing onto that
you gonna teach me how to mow no this is
how I don't we're getting
old hobby a spot on it I look at how to
facial yes no it's just called your nose
yeah basically this mower arrived right
just that what happened today Tula cheek
on the seat but we just do this look at
that look at the knob it's not excited
by MoMA's aren't exciting so what else
has happened today
and then I she's not sure about the
mower I'm not sure about Mary either
anyway switch it off it's noisy its
noisy I also got another package you got
on no one is inside to see Michael to
mow is he got this miniature one which
seriously like your anal about garden
and I got strimmer anise trim so
basically Mike bought all these boy
garden things he wanted to buy which
means we can't do any renovations to the
house for like reservation without
telling me I'm just going to look at a
mower came back oh yeah I bought the
mower it was like what let's go back
inside it's cold so yeah that's what's
happened today let us go back in the
house lofts
lofts it's dark it's dark it's dark in
here
it smells like we in there because the
dogs weed in there these guys are not
very good at house training or being
house trained seriously squidge is
really bad since we moved our old house
was like a lot smaller so they used to
kind of see that it was all a house and
also they would only really be allowed
but you could easily shut off the
sitting room so they would only really
be allowed in the kitchen and the
hallway so they kind of realized and
used to do their business outside
whereas here they don't do it in a
kitchen or in the room where their cages
but in the sitting room there just don't
we so it's not good what's your other
exciting news yeah the washing machine
your machine washing it's you oh my god
you know what else happened a new house
guys we got a hot water so hey when we
moved in I'm like a massive bath person
have bars like three times a week in the
winter or I know it's not winter now but
it's still cold so it kind of counts but
um we moved it and I was like ah
brilliant I'm gonna have a nice hot bath
round the whole bar put some nice bath
oil in got naked went to put my foot in
and it was ice-cold I hate that I hate
that so much good it was not good so who
then no took it taken us three weeks to
work out how to get hot water we had to
speak to the old owners and we've now
worked it out and last now last night I
had a bath that was too hot to I can't
control myself well I actually could I
didn't be in the bath or anything I
control that's a good job that would
have very nice can you see who can make
the ugliest face this is not very I
don't you know stupid I'm in a stupid
mood so guys vote on who you think is
making the ugliest face right one two
three now so yeah that's it for today
guys short but sweet vlog I'm sorry we
couldn't vlog earlier I'm sure there'll
be more fun and crazy stuff going on
well you know like we're cereal
lawnmower yes maybe I could vlog about
mowing the lawns you could that would be
really exciting light show so I didn't
see that I think I have a boss now and
I'm not gonna vlog that because it's not
that kind of channel
9 is time again
against all the great ones too
homework
