hey guys and welcome to June force day 9
is that time again it's time for a halt
because of the great response to my last
kind of home where Dec or shopping new
house type Hall I thought I would do
another one showing you what i bought
this week because i bought a few things
i've not too many things just a few cute
little pieces for my new home that i
thought you might like to see so oh and
I'm actually filming on my vlogging
camera right now because for some
unexplained reason I went to turn my 60
date on this morning and it doesn't work
so I'm gonna play down how annoyed I
have about that and how worried I am and
I'm gonna fill my vlogging camera so
hopefully it looks okay so I have this
huge bag here from Debenhams
I actually only picked up two things
from Debenhams but they gave me a big
bag I picked up two of these miniature
cushions this is what the first one
looks like really really cute it's a
dark purple with kind of a mixture of
bright red and like a little bit of pink
roses on it and then the back is checked
this is actually from a designer called
Carol Lake edition never heard of it
before it was reduced from 18 pounds to
9 pounds it's really I thought this was
really really cute
the only problem I got is that doesn't
go with anything in my house we haven't
really redecorated when we moved in so
we're gonna live in it for a while and
kind of see what we want to do with
things and obviously save up for a few
things because the house stuff is
expensive but this doesn't really go
anywhere that I found yet so it might be
a gift for somebody I don't know but it
was reduced from I said this already 18
pounds to 9 pounds but then I actually
took it to the tail and it was 5 pounds
40 which I thought was a real bargain so
I got that and then I also got a very
very similar one which is a little blue
and yellow cushion with a heart made out
of daisies and then it has the kind of
seafoam green check on the back I really
think this is so cute and I actually
bought this to go in my spare room slash
gym because the sheets
which I actually also for I'm not gonna
like show them in a wall because you
can't really see sheets in a hole like
that I'm going to show you a picture of
the bed with that cushion on it as well
now it is a daybed so I'm gonna need a
lot more cushions however I it's one of
those things that you kind of have to
collect as you see them that was the
first cushion I've got but I've got this
really nice bed linen which I found
online and weirdly enough cut remember
the name of the shop I'll link it in the
info bar below but I only managed to
find the like one scatter cushion and
duvet cover at the shop that I really
liked and I think it's because it
discontinued it was on sale so what I
did was I searched kind of Google
Shopping whatever and found the pinup
pieces on eBay so I managed to get the
pillowcases from eBay the duvet and the
cushion from this other site and then
obviously that was from debenhams that
was 9 pounds from 18 but yeah the bed is
kind of a work in progress it's gonna
take a while to kind of get it looking
and really nice like I like David's to
be covered in cushion so they're a bit
more kind of like a sofa in the daytime
if they're not in a room where they're
gonna be used as a bed every day so then
I also picked up two Yankee Candles and
these were actually from House of Fraser
and I went to Leicester for the day last
week and there is in Leicester a House
of Fraser outlet store I don't know if
it's the only one in the UK I've never
been to another one let me know in the
comments if you've been to one elsewhere
but it is a great place they sell a lot
of junk in there but they also sell a
lot of good things the home wares
department is really great so I was
really really discounted bed linen and
Yankee counters are my favorite thing to
buy there so I got two of these they
were both reduced from 15 pounds 49 to
10 pounds 84 so it's good third off and
they are the two wick tumbler candles
the reason why I get the ones with the
two weeks and tumblers is because I
think they kick off more scent with two
weeks and they're still not quite as
powerful as the slackening co ones but
they are good enough they smell really
really good the first one I got is
blissful autumn I presume it has pears
and apples and leaves in it because
that's what it has in the picture
it doesn't actually smell like what's
lacking a girl leaves candle but it is
similar it's a bit more fruity than that
um I have a problem in the summer
it comes to scented candles because I
just love Christmas candles winter
holiday autumn Thanksgiving all those
cinnamon apple ii sugary and kind of
home scents i love however i'm not a big
fan of the fruity one so when it comes
to summer I feel like I'm still using
like autumn candles however this smells
really good I don't care if it says
autumn I'm going to use it in the summer
and then the other one I picked up is
paradise spice and for me this was a
perfect candle for kind of like that
summer winter bridge the gap because it
is very very fruity it's got kind of
like banana and pineapple and coconut
kind of hints in there I'm just
presuming that there's open like there's
definitely madonna because it's a banana
on the front but then it also has like a
really spicy kind of undertone to it so
it kind of smells like a winter
fragrance but then the fruity kind of
tropical no strings it to a summer
fragrance I really like this yeah I'm
not sure where I'm gonna burn this I
think I might have this actually in this
room here cuz I've got a lot of blue
stuff I like the color of this you don't
often see Yankee candles that are blue
like this and it smells very very good
so they are my 2 9 candles and then as I
told you it's going to be a fairly small
fall because we didn't buy that many
things but I also picked up these two
notebooks now these aren't necessary
home wares but I got them from the House
of Fraser clearance store at the same
time as the candles so I thought I would
put them in they are these little
notebooks from Tricia gilt who is the
designer behind designer skills the
brand if you guys don't know circa home
wares designer that I actually really
like it is quite modern though so it
doesn't really tend to go in my house my
sister loves their designs though and
her house has a bit more modern so she
has more of their stuff however I just
thought this was so cool they like hot
pink and then they have this ribbon
edging on them a little bit of lime
green and then they have this neon
orange I don't know what you call it
when it's like colored on the side of
books what is that anyone know and then
it's lined on the inside these were
reduced from 10 pass to 50 and I thought
they were just a really really good deal
ended up getting too
I got one for me and one for my
unbirthday too or as I like to call it
which is actually from my mom she's
called an unbirthday draw basically a
draw of presents that I keep for
people's birthdays that I don't
specifically buy with anyone in mind if
I just see something I'm like that would
make a nice present I kind of buy it and
put it in there and then if I ever go
and kind of stay with somebody you all
need to take a gift then I have gifts
backed up there's not actually much in
there at all at the moment either I
think that's like two things but this is
gonna be one of them and I love this
yeah and that is it for my home haul a
short but sweet one I did go to TK Maxx
and have a peruse this week as well and
see if there are any goodies in there
but they didn't seem to have as much
stuff as they did in the last couple of
weeks but she was a shame yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this video I'll be back
tomorrow with June 2 for stay 10 don't
forget to subscribe if you want to be
notified every time I upload a new video
and I will see you tomorrow nice
you're right that mean you my skin
