hi guys and welcome to June 2 for stay
ate today I'm having a filming day I'm
sitting down and filming some beauty
videos and a couple of kind of logotype
videos that you will be seeing either in
the next couple of days or upcoming I
don't know I just feel like filming
today so I've just put my makeup on on
my little dressing table as you can see
over here and I'm gonna be doing like a
face of the day post on my blog so I've
set them all up like this if you want to
know what makeup I'm wearing you can see
it right there or check out my blog
it'll probably go up before this video
so who knows but yes as you can see in
my mirror I have my poopies here
trickle is chilling under my chair
thorough and squid is being a nuisance
over by the lights hello everybody and I
got my slippers on busted hello puppy
your distraction a distraction yes you
are cute fluffy one so I just finished
filming my videos and I packed up my
lights and stuffs a little bit messy in
here the puppies are actually quite long
code I mean you squidge never ever stays
asleep as soon as I move she will be
like where you going where you going
what are you doing but yes we're having
a relax and here is treacle on the floor
curled up like a baby having a snooze
I'm actually just gonna run and get
changed now I've just finished filming
and I'm waiting for the footage to
import which is taking 40 minutes so I'm
gonna head into town actually with my
mum I'm gonna get some lunch which is
exciting moment yet change for us
because it's cold outside I've stopped
off at Wagga mummers with my momma cat
Wagga mamas and we have Tommy um this is
new mums got the chicken one smells good
and I've got the prawn one and it has
coriander and mint on it so I'm excited
to eat this and I'm not gonna blog for
long because I'm hungry so we just did
to John Lewis and they actually didn't
have what we're looking for I was
looking for a next or the next candles
to smell them because they seem to only
have one line which it's really annoying
and they didn't have them only on line
so I'm gonna have to buy blind or as it
were noseless but we just stopped for a
Starbucks
I actually went for an iced americano
with sugary vanilla syrup which but
different to my usual but take it
I've seen this cushion this one here
with tassels it's 25 pounds do I get it
you're not gonna I can't decide I've
just got back to mums and we have one
very excited little girl here
oh and lo baby drinky burns near two
cups she just really missed my whole
like treacle is just very excited to be
reunited with the other dogs I think
they're treacle oh hi oh hi everybody
it's so excited and I didn't buy the
cushion that I was talking about but I
may have made some sneaky little house
purchases here so I think I probably do
another hassle on this channel cuz you
guys seem to like it so I might do that
tomorrow and all the day after I've got
something planned for tomorrow already
but yeah and that would be cool and I
will see you shortly
we're just whole head fits in chiapas
mouth this is dangerous
playing partner squidgy so cute so cute
I'm just about to leave my mum's and we
have absolute carnage in the car from
these two they're really hyper and we're
trying to currently train them guys guys
to be good in the car and it's really
difficult with two if anyone has any
tips on dog training in cars let me know
because we in Mike's car we've put the
cage in the back and then have them in
the cage but obviously my car is too
small for that so eight guy is no
scrapping in the car so yeah we're
struggling with car training nightmare
once you've been going for probably like
ten minutes they do tend to come
and like not be scrapping and going
crate like this is she's crazy
yeah my little monsters have just had
their dinner and now it's time for
walkies do you guys know what walkies
means you look at that face
walkies straight to the door straight to
the door come on then let's go let's go
whoo welke wookie time doggies look at
these dogs in this long grass squidge is
actually like a little prancing bunny
rabbit and if you guys can see I scream
are you doing a poo squidge ha ha ha
maybe let's make some treacle squidgy
bunny rabbit squish you guys you're
naughty guys come on then let's go for
walkies it is also that perfect time of
day you know that almost like Suns just
setting but it's still sunny really
really nice time of day especially for
walking these woofers and they love it
through here as well because it's all
kind of grown like overgrown grass so
they've got like a little path to walk
which is really cool they love it it's
time for some dinner tonight I am
cooking myself some tasty broccoli and
courgettes and then I actually have a
rather large ribeye steak which was
meant to be whom a mic to share but he's
not here for dinner tonight there's
actually quite a bit of fat on the back
there I'm gonna shut off and I went to
the gym this morning so I'm not feeling
too guilty about eating a giant steak
and it's gonna be tasty also guys I've
got sure you check out these gorgeous
flowers Tania and Jim sent me so pretty
thanks guys as a housewarming gift
they're so gorgeous
they are cream roses and there's also
some lilies in there I'm not sure I
think these like the name mini roses I
don't know really pretty anyway and the
vars is actually from my mum and she
told me this awhile ago and my love is
just like a metal jug that says flowers
on it because that's my name looking
away nicely and I'm just boiling these
really quickly so that they are still be
hard I look like nice al dente
vegetables
would say you're right there poopies
munchkins
my dinner is ready but I think I may
have underestimated the amount of
vegetables and steak that I was cooking
time for me to finish all this but it
looks delicious and of course I've got
my hot sauce and I actually have some
peri-peri relish but I'm gonna have a
set of ketchup um yes very tasty oh and
I have my so baby water which is
sweetened with stevia which is tasty I
am doing a little bit of kind of late
night editing it's not that late it is
9:30 for right now and I have a little
editing assistant right here who
actually has her nose inside my top can
you guys see that I hope you can this is
happening you this dog is she's
literally like my baby and a lot of
people and videos have actually
commented saying that I don't give
Trickle as much attention and I don't
love treacle as much I do love treacle
so much she is just a little bit of a
different character so I've said this
before in a couple of videos but she
literally squidge will try and just
cuddle you all the time whereas 3ko here
is snoozing on the carpet with all the
wires which is a little bit of a hazard
because she does have a partial for
chewing yeah I'm gonna get on with my
editing I am one video down out of about
four videos I filmed today so fingers
crossed I will be done before midnight
maybe and fYI just to confirm with you
guys I just watched that clip back and
it looked so weird with the dog's head
down my top I have like a black oh she's
gone I have like a black tank top
underneath it she said she didn't have
her nose like in my bra which it looked
like in that clip which was weird
I just noticed I do the weirdest thing I
like stick my little thumb out but like
tense it ferociously when I'm editing
like this I'm gonna like take a cut now
and drag it in why do I do that it's
like holding your little finger out when
you sip tea if you're like an old push
person that is just with what is that
what is it I don't know does anyone else
do that it's definitely time for a tea
break it is almost midnight I've managed
to edit three out of the four videos I
filmed
and I am gonna have a tea break here is
my tea cupboard here is my tea I think
I'm gonna go for tea pegs
peppermint or licorice and peppermint
this stuff's pretty good it's actually
really sweet and it's really good if
you're trying to eat healthily as well
to kind of it's a bit of a treat like it
is very very sweet there is no water in
the kettle this isn't my ultimate
favorite mug
I've actually been bought this as a gift
by three separate people I'd rather be
buying handbags isn't that a bit of a
worry does he may be able to tell by my
blurry eyes it's now 1:00 in the morning
and I finished three of my videos I'm
just exporting the last one I believe
the last one until tomorrow morning
because I'm absolutely exhausted and I
am going to go to bed now but I hope you
have enjoyed today's vlog and I will see
you tomorrow and squidgy Rooney at least
it's freaky freaky creepy TWiki she's
ignoring me she says goodnight and
squidgy Roo says goodnight - we love you
squidgy
hey guys and welcome to a juice
eight seven now today I want to do a
beer a something one of the diseases in
here or my child
