hey guys and welcome to June divorce day
7 now today I wanted to do a video a
static one as you can see sitting here
on my giant Union Jack beanbag let's
just drive a little bit over excited
about this I thought it's quite a cool
setup to film kind of vlogging videos as
well because it's quite casual relaxed
comfortable for me obviously not
comfortable for you but maybe I don't
know more relaxed to watch who knows
anyway as well as a cool little filming
spot this video I wanted to make a video
really about motivation because the last
few months I have just felt totally
unmotivated and I haven't really thought
about what I'm gonna say in this video
beyond the fact that I wanted to base it
around motivation more specifically
based around healthy eating and exercise
and generally looking after my selves as
you guys may well know I'm getting
married in I think it's like an 11 weeks
now it's approaching very very quickly
and over the last year I've been really
good when it comes to healthy eating get
like kind of making exercise a part of
my life because I hate it exercise
before so I've really been trying to
work on kind of training myself to like
it finding ways to exercise that I like
and the last few months I've just
literally done barely anything I've been
eating really really unhealthily and I
just totally lacked motivation I know
it's bad staging my brain run like I
know I shouldn't be eating this or just
sitting on my bum all day and not
actually doing any exercise but I just
haven't felt the motivation at all to do
it and I'm one of those people that goes
in total peaks and troughs with
motivation sometimes I will be yeah I'm
gonna go to the gym everyday and eat
like 10 million vegetables and super
healthy but sometimes I'm just like I
just can't make myself to it and
realistically it did start what I went
to America so I went for a month to the
States the first week I was ill I took
my gym gear and everything and I was
totally like yes I'm gonna work out when
I'm there it's gonna be amazing and I
was ill to the point you know if you
guys watched my vlogs at the time I lost
my voice
and I have a really bad cough and I just
couldn't work out like even if I'd have
wanted to it wouldn't have been good for
me to be working out whilst I was ill
and then we went to the Bahamas where
the gym was charged at $15 a day to go
and I was sharing room with Joey who was
really anticipating this as well we were
like yeah let's go and we were like
actually this is really gonna add up
throughout our trip so maybe that's just
not so we didn't and then in LA I didn't
have access to a gym because I'm same as
friends and then in New York I didn't
have access to a gym because I was in a
hotel in their gym in it so that was a
month out and then as you guys know were
few sadly passed away my little wolfy
bear the day I got back from America and
that really just threw me like really
threw me yeah so we lost Whoopie and
then a few weeks later we moved into our
new house and it really just kind of was
a combination of being really busy with
the house move having the new puppies
and just being really down about losing
worth like having the puppies was the
best thing we could have done it really
was like it helped keep us busy and just
gave us a whole different direction and
a whole different kind of thing to focus
on and to love because wolf really was
like the center of our world and as
ridiculous as it sounds it was just the
worst thing probably like I've ever been
through losing her like it sounds
ridiculous because she's a dog but it
was just so heartbreaking because she
was young and fit and amazing and all
you guys loved her as well which made it
it was amazing to have the support but
it made me sad how many people were sad
to lose her as well because yeah she was
a little better and anyway that is a
whole other story so either way my
motivation went out the window and I
went home personal trainer this week and
I said look I am just totally for you
unmotivated we're like right we're gonna
kick start it kick start the healthy
eating kicks off exercise again I
managed to set up a little home gym in
the spare bedroom
afonya house and I've been I've used it
three times in three days very proud
self-work tap this morning and I'm
really just trying to get my motivation
back so I don't even know what this
video is about I'm just kind of talking
to you guys about how I feel at the
moment because I'm really trying to like
get back into the swing of things
obviously 10 or 11 weeks I'd have to
come work it out I think it's about
letting weeks till the wedding I want to
be you know looking good looking toned
and fit at my wedding and yeah it's
gonna be tough because I have just
really fallen off the exercise wagon so
if any of you guys have any tips if you
have been through the same thing if
you've fallen off the wagon of exercise
not any other type of wagons or if you
are super into exercise and you know the
secret to feeling motivated all the time
then please let me know because I would
love to know um in terms of exercise and
kind of anything new I haven't really
been doing anything new obviously
because I've only been properly back
into a good routine for a few days so I
don't really have anything to tell you
on that front but yeah just if you're
feeling unmotivated tell me and we can
motivate each other together I feel like
I find it so much easier to be motivated
in exercise if I have other people with
me if I don't I'm just like well what's
the point really it's so boring but yeah
so let me know if you guys in the
comment section below
you'll trying to get fit for summer or
for your wedding or if you are trying to
lose a few pounds if you're just trying
to get fitter and healthier let me know
in the comment section below and we can
share our little experiences together
because that is awesome and yeah that's
probably gonna be it this video funny
little video I know yes I will see you
tomorrow with a brand new video and I
love you all bye
hammer I can do a hammer
haven't you in head with your baby one
has a where besides hammer
