hello guys and welcome to June divorce
day 6 today I am about to head off to
the gym to do a workout with my personal
trainer I have not been in two weeks
because we didn't do it last week
because she couldn't so I'm about to get
my ass kicked and I'm wearing my wild
Fox jumper along with my Nike leggings
and my usual suspect trainers and that
is it and I will see you shortly I'm
gonna get my water got my car keys and
so I'm back from the gym I'm not gonna
lie it wasn't great I'm feeling so
unmotivated at the moment however
something cool has just arrived apart
from a lot of dogs we have three of my
parents dogs and my grandma so good
moment cuz they're all on holiday we've
got tricky bum who is my little treacle
squidge who is cleaning her leg how nice
we have Charlie who is he's kind of my
parents don't kind of my sister's dog
it's kind of a long story but he lives
like half the time in London half the
time with my parents then we have mousey
Mouse is my mum's dog she has that there
and then we also have two others which
have seemingly disappeared and then we
have Ben who's my granny's dog he's
actually the brother of Charlie and then
we also have Maddy who is my mom's other
dog but I can't find her she's really
old so she struggles to get around so
I'm gonna go and find her now and here
she is this is Maddy this is my mum's
other dog squidgy leave her alone leave
her alone squidge she's really old and
she actually has some arthritis so she
kind of goes on little walks and then
can't get back so she disappears
sometimes don't you match her real
name's Madonna
this dog is you're naughty you're
naughty and clingy and cute and Squiggy
in other news this just arrived which is
a bit shady I don't know if you can see
that's better this is actually our new
bed for the spare room we are basically
doing a kind of home gym in our spare
bedroom and we've ordered a daybed which
looks like this and then it has like a
little trundle
I'm the bad thing that comes out and
makes a double bed for when guests come
so I'm excited that this has arrived I
need to find out when Mike is getting
home to assemble it because he doesn't
let me do DIY because like everything I
put together falls apart so I have to
wait till Mike comes home I'm gonna have
a shower now and I will see you shortly
so there is some serious DIY going on
right now here is the bed here's Mike
doing his little counting out his screws
and here is the world where its
instruction basically it says there's
the bed that's how you make it - don't
answer that and that the trundle with it
goes underneath so we've got the double
bit and then we also got a cross trainer
and a treadmill in here which were
kindly given to us by my mom who didn't
want them anymore so I've got my own
little gym which is cool I however I'm
not allowed to do DIY I've been given
the very important job of putting the
ends on the bed slats because the last
time you did DIY what happened to the
bed it kind of collapsed why did it
hammer I can do a hammer how are you in
headsman everyone has a weber sided
hammer what are you doing now how rude
tea delivery and coffee for me and look
at this progress guys where hey the bed
is nearly there so I have just been to a
friend's house to upload some videos
because the internet is so slow our new
house we're working on getting it fixed
but basically there just aren't the
right cables in the area that we live
and they're not even within like 10
miles so we can't request to get them
laid or anything like that so we can't
get a fiber-optic broadband and even the
speed of the broadband that we're
getting is so slow we're trying to fix
it and it's not looking good so I keep
on having to go to other people's houses
to have their which is annoying however
I did stop off while so uploading I
popped into town and went to Argos and
bought some gym equipment for my new at
home gym type of thingamabob e that I
was showing you earlier
so I'm going to show you what I bought
and give you like a little gym tour if
you want to see it oh my god guys look
what arrived when I just got home one of
my awesome awesome subscribers called
Jillian emailed me when Woofie passed
away and when we got the new puppy
saying that she'd love to make a dog bed
for as her husband actually has a
business making these like solid wood
handmade dog beds and she made one for
us quick and look it's got a name on it
it's absolutely huge so we're gonna have
to find an actual bed to fit in its like
a proper bed like a human bed and so
we're gonna have to find them a little
bed to go in it but look how cool it is
I'm so excited I think it's a little
large for the space we wanted to put it
in but we're gonna work something out
and look what else arrived today I'm not
gonna show you too much of a sneak peek
of my office tour but I'm very very very
excited about this so guys the gym is
ready I've got speed here as well he's
having a tour because I've just been
putting this together and spike was
wondering what this was for whoa nice be
sure we'd surely show them you know what
it is it goes like this and then you put
the weights on it so the little ones go
at the top the heavy ones go at the
bottom like that and the middle ones go
in the middle and it's a little weight
stack like that and then I've got my
ball this is for doing sit-ups and stuff
on my ball and I've got kettlebell 8 kg
kettlebell my running machine my cross
trainer and then I my trainers in the
corner as well and then I have an
exercise mat too so the mini gym is all
ready to go and speed loves this ball
it's cool isn't it's big yeah doesn't go
outside there guys are you doing today
guys I will see you all tomorrow
hahaha we would like to pose
