good morning everybody its June to force
day five I am about to eat my breakfast
which looks so unappetizing right now
it was porridge but the puppies just
dragged something gross in and I had to
go and clean it up and now it's all dry
and yucky and I'm tasting before Mike's
post and that looks way tastier you
ruined my breakfast she cares a lot as
you can tell scritch scritch Twitty you
know you're snoring really badly right
good yeah so Mike where are we right now
we're on a boat beep take a look at me
yeah we have a pond at our house and we
have discovered their little plastic
boat that came with it
apparently and it's such a beautiful day
you can't come sweetheart you might jump
in then you can't swim yeah I think she
probably could swim so yeah we're off on
an adventure I'll try and show you some
of the fish if they don't swim away
this is exciting I haven't been on here
yet what if we get stuck you look at how
many reads there are look at all the
reads that can't be good it's like swamp
monster fish there's a load that's um
there's loads of fish in here they all
come up cuz I think the last owners used
to feed them we use by small fish food
we do choppy that's my sister's dog from
Charley who are looking after you
swimming choppy chop chop chop eat
repeat there's a few that normally
there's loads but they're all scared of
having a nice day good we have a little
naughty monkey another wet dog squeeze
squidge likes the boat you can't go in
the water can you you know I think she
could swim I'm sure she'll cope I don't
what's a throw-in just yet ya know in
the deep end squid
we do weenie this is the only barbecue
I've ever seen where things are evenly
spaced do you know why cuz he's a Virgo
look at this not this thing it looks
tasty but you are way too organized for
my liking
even more rubbish oh yeah what else have
you got
very good burger on the way chips in the
oven yeah I'm so hungry so if you follow
me on Instagram you might have seen
yesterday I discovered that you can buy
Frank's Red Hot sausage like my
obsession it's like the original buffalo
wing sauce in Tesco's I never knew this
before I bought two bottles of which
this is the second I just got busted for
having eaten a whole bottle in one day
it's just too good somebody got a new
toy today what is this a slingshot I
basically my other slingshot the rubber
died on all the time and really need
much so I ordered a new rubber and
instead of for four pounds instead of
going in rubber I got a whole slingshot
so bonus and now what you can do about
your old one I'm gonna order a new
rubber for that so now we have two
slingshots in the house which we don't
need how far do you think it goes very
far we can try it gets hung in the water
yeah okay let's see getting it really
like this is this dance it's like Usain
Bolt
she's a Ripper you can't see it do you
know where it went
in the water in the water hurrah eat
have a problem there we miss squid we
have lost the control for my heater
which is here which normally in my
office
squidge last night excited she was going
to seal the control and we can't find it
there she is thing with treacle I'm
pretty sure she didn't eat it because I
noticed it was missing off yeah it was
pretty big so I'm pretty sure she hasn't
eaten it but I'm just a bit worried
about where it's gone because this
heater is brand new and I don't even
know if we can revise the Dyson
dog on mr. Dyson do you make an on dog
chewable control with like dog repellent
so it like sprites come out but it
doesn't hurt the dog that won't get hard
maybe like some kind of like nasty
tasting stuff secretes when it goes into
a dog's mouth think about that mr. Dyson
next time you make a heater with a silly
little remote when I have puppies that
could steal it
are you found it well is it it's got a
few almonds a few doggy teeth marks
where was it under the cushions little
monkey oh let me switch it on I know
that's the castle here we go look oh it
doesn't work anymore always switched off
no it doesn't add you how can you what
it's not is it
here you go whoo heater baby it's like a
hurricane right here no no I mean it
doesn't actually heat up the room pretty
pretty nicely welcome to the morning
I've got to my blog again I'm sorry but
I'll see you tomorrow which is actually
today for the second time this month
I've got a stove I've got to stop
falling asleep on the sofa we're trying
to imagine if everybody
like my my
why flashing
