hello everybody I feel like this vlog is
identical to two days ago when we were
going to get my mum's dogs today we're
off the air my mom's dogs again
my mom and dad are actually going to
Portugal I think my nearly a week is not
quite a week this is a seriously bumpy
road and Mike's driving like a maniac
Romania we're going to pick up the dogs
because they're coming to stay with us
for the next few days and then we are
off to London as you may be able to see
you I've done my hair but not my makeup
because this little one is a fanatic
about time and not be late so I have to
do my makeup in the car and we got a
schedule schedule schedule so on our way
back home with said dogs in tow where is
he
chop-chop he's in there somewhere and
Mouse's princess so she has to sit in
the front and the bridesmaids dresses
have arrived I am so I can't even tell
you guys I got to my parents house
because we sent them to my dad's work
because obviously is a big package and
we might not fit in and like this huge
box 7 Christmases in there and I am so
excited
Mike sisters actually we're gonna see
her today so I am gonna take tie dress
and shoes which are having a knack for
her to try on and see if they fear and
get them taken up and things like that
so yay wedding stuff is happening Mike
looks really excited so we've made it to
London
and we are in Selfridges Jew section I
don't know if Mike doesn't want to buy
anything why because he's saving up for
a lawn mower
that is how exciting three times
hey London in the sunshine it's probably
the best place ever home in the sunshine
asbestos ever but or just England in
general but you know what isn't the best
time is when you're wearing a silly
little skirt like the one I'm wearing
now and it's a bit windy and you're
flashing unique isn't everybody
well you're trying to avoid flashing and
I kissed everybody every five seconds
I don't like Mike's having to hold my
mic so we're on our way back from London
that was a seriously fleeting visit Mike
picks up his watch and I have a mocker
cookie crumble lights with an extra shot
and no cream and it's good
the Sun is still shining pretty rare
thing good but do you have anything else
to report from the driver's seat my ice
cream is very good my twister because
he's behave subdued we are home sweet
home with the puppies sweet puppy hi
Kiki we're screech hi sweet new artwork
which is a jumper yeah and mousey is
here and Charlie chopsticks is there
somewhere well Michael is doing some
work doing some work over there I I'm
going to cook myself some dinner Mike's
having egg and chips but I'm back on my
healthy eating malarkey
after I'm not gonna lie it was quite
wasn't a bad guy version it was just a
diversion but yeah I'm gonna have some
kale salad and some other tasty stuff
basically anything I can hide behind hot
 for Papa find in the fridge and
I'll show you what I cooked it this is
my fridge this is like MTV Cribs way it
looks pretty blue actually but yeah as
you can see the fridge is a little bare
apart from wine and beer and water and
butter funnily enough we have two
butters I'm not entirely sure why oh
it's lightening up there isn't it
and some gherkins one yoghurt
three pieces of pasta and some kale so
I'm gonna eat that kale so my tasty
dinner is ready
I've got a bit of kale wilted with some
quinoa do it close up if it will focus
I've got sugar snap peas I've got some
olives in there I've got some Tomatoes
and that's it even my plate look tasty
who's not very tasty tasty are you going
to post I got a package yeah and it's
Holi not burning oh no you know what
this is um it's my Instagram pictures
for my office yeah look it's my
Instagram pictures who's that cheese
monger oh that's me and you so my you to
be friends in this stinky youtube
friends it's me and see me me and Tom at
the Eiffel Tower
being lycium bails I mean obviously she
told me and Tails me and you and PK Lina
were face we miss her speed you me and
Hannah your mum Hugh Murphy and me and
Gemma me and you again on New Year's Eve
me and you again
skiing little Wolfie bear there's me
just before you proposed like two
minutes we proposed anything suspicious
in my pocket yes Susy Joey English
fellow standing there me and Ingrid in
solar house and then a very sober that
point yeah we are we had like two drinks
not just I'm just instantly that was in
New York
eating mochi that's emojis it well I'm
eating my chambers eating some weird
fish cake things cool and then me and
toss me and Becky in a car going to pick
up my wedding dress me and Ingrid in
Times Square me and Becky on the High
Line in New York
me and you messing around in the car I
think me and wolfy
that was on the burn my birthday party
last year
look how much they pleased that was the
first picture I posted about them that's
how big they are
guys you used to look like that what
happened to you what happened to you
guys
you're not puppies anymore if you follow
me on Instagram this probably pretty
boring could you see her all these
puppies at the on the stairs at the old
house that's me and my new little niece
Luca really got that wrong really called
a lunar cuz she's could lick a luna
that's a squidge and her toys
she's now she's now like way bigger than
that toy that's treacle and squidge in
the corner that squid nap in with her
legs crossed it's me and Luca again
wearing cool baby grow me and squid porn
there's the poopies I'm gonna put them
in frames I ordered too many because I
want to put them elsewhere
anyway I'm gonna eat this now so it's
probably cold after looking at all those
pictures yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow love you all bye bye goodbye
just had to show you this love going on
right now between curriculum sketch this
is not set up she's actually falling
asleep by that and until I walked over
and slightly woke her up she was snoring
quite loudly which is why she is not
allowed to sleep in our room like we did
she is a serious snorer that is
