hello everybody that's going to sit with
us soon sports day three and if you
haven't already gathered Mike's going
past on the lawnmower and we're doing
the tin can challenge if you haven't
already seen in a video like this on
YouTube what I've been doing with
yourself because they're really funny
basically you buy a load of cans full of
different I am food including dog food
cat food and some tasty stuff like rice
pudding we think um there's a few who
said dog food this this is why we've got
this with a lot behind it so he can even
go ah she don't chicken eat instead of
us um so yeah that's what we're doing
today and Becky say would be to
experience this delightful tastiness
woohoo wanna go first I got a family
feel very nervous for Alice I'm Cal my
lucky number seven are you you're gonna
get the 10th job we'd should we open
each other's yeah
you entered if it's Maggie jeez can I
have some well is oh it's Mac and
Charlie Ellis that's easy
I'm not sure because it's cold yeah but
still it still tastes laughs your I want
some laughs can I eat as well is it good
is it not good it's not as good mmm
you like it mm-hmm so now that we
haven't had lunch yet
there's actually that good right I'm
gonna pick another four I want some mac
and cheese and the other four okay you
know what that though all the dogs if
you got a deal cat food have the pull oh
hey Jenna 34 pulls so long I you know
which ones I don't tell you that you
could have I could have got a clinic and
I could have deceived me that I realized
if I wanted that so bad hmm you wanted
that so bad I got the custard baby mmm
hostage mac and cheese together
hmm I love custard Kanab gems good
that's a good start
oh that's a good start what do you want
it Wow
yeah I know a wrinkled situation yeah I
wanna go for number one mm-hm please
here it is here it is oh okay it's rice
pudding you know he tries pulling every
rice pudding yeah oh man you got a good
one I love rice I'm still eating the mac
and cheese you know I highly the whole
we're having so much okay
I'm gonna have a big spoonful not TV on
my choke
thank you touch them
are you sure can you touch them no
because although I did my shape I go for
this one number two I know it's a solid
I don't know I don't think I want it
anymore we don't know no I like it okay
yes oh no no oh it's dog food it's
freaky totally Oh puppy puppies well we
all know the puppies like don't be my
god I can't do it I can't
don't kiss it oh my God look at it
what's the black thing in the top
eyeball I have take a whole scoot cap I
have a hot ski really not just like that
word come on that's bad half half the
speed oh my goodness seriously Oh take
it take it
go on you can do you gotta go we can
sushi Dushi
CG swallow ah come on you can go just
down look I can't do it I can't no I bit
it
oh oh oh oh god it's take her I'm
hearing this River smell
it's very traumatizing I'm eating it
okay I I'm gonna do I'm gonna do a good
deed and I'm gonna go for um sex it was
like boom there's got got me pissed up
so far what the hell is that I think it
goes to I do you want to either thing is
like are you surprised
hurry on today oh god wait it's not the
dogs like did it I don't know can I have
your speed why cuz has got don't be on
you're just evening me okay
is it correct I don't know his things he
likes take it looks really gross
and it's really really good I'm wiping
the dog food on myself is what is it mmm
it's like Janna fide oh look at this
texture oh oh look at it I'm getting
them realize you don't like no okay what
curry not too bad I don't mind doesn't
look amazing I don't even know what kind
of color what way better than the big
thing I did just say on the thing like
just curried in it
Oh big spoon nice no putting around this
is not awful I really worries my selling
that jelly the beef journey that you had
ensure I wasn't cat food I don't know
maybe I'm just nailed it just totally
it'll be pretty good at cat food yeah
chest hair smells good
no hurry though right now um I'm gonna
go for free okay don't we do oh no was
it me oh ah
meatballs this is don't yet don't want
you to Oh No dogs the doctor going crazy
why is it hard around the edge oh I just
have to have one yeah hobble oh my god
you have to know another side yeah I'm
gonna go that is really gross like
gluttonous steak the size of her that is
correct
that's what we go through as well these
dogs are like love in the dog food it's
good to know you liking guys I actually
won't like it
is it good hmm really for a cold
meatball agreed that tastes like dog
food does it
seriously it's like just stop taking its
the team guys I'm going for this one
okay please don't eat cat food please
number eight do not be cat food I feel
so bad oh it probably is on the reaction
of the dog oh no oh no oh no I think it
is is it well can I change my mind
does it smell oh I don't know we can you
see jelly oh you are oh I just can't
even I can't even open it so does the
girl thing kind put it in my mouth and
spit it out let's face it I suppose you
want me to take one for the team I can't
physically Kathy I don't take it for the
team are you gonna do it I'm gonna do it
because I love you I really do it
keyframe what so I have to have this one
whatever that would it yeah right okay
you do go for it and I'll tell you what
you've been missing oh and it's a good
one thing oh please let me beans bag
ball
oh I love spy ball even wheat that now I
can well you said you would take the
cupcake I'm going to take the cat Phil
yeah because I have dog food is kind of
fair isn't it
okay here we go you actually gonna put
it anywhere except the dog food one I
think I don't know I think so it wasn't
really matter but you're eating cat food
love it I would watch it you know yeah
I'm gonna do it I would rather you dog
food too I'm with it I would rather be
eating dog food cat dogs are very bad
it's just a fish what no it's beef okay
beef cap when would you ever see a cat
eating beef like really all right
not right now Oh oh gosh not Riggin oh
we've got treat mobile Oh
ah how I have to how much did you about
fending off animals
I had like a half a spoon I like a
certain spoon yeah about that much oh
yeah yeah
oh very good friend I love you so much
okay ready I can be human anybody
tickler doubt it Bob
yeah if you eat it you win this whole
thing you cannot it Oh
why are you shipping it why are you
cheering it oh my god and you actually
kidding me
haha you are definitely the champion of
this game and I was not expecting that
here we sick as well oh my gosh oh well
whoo whoo whoo oh my god don't oh oh
that's my morale and I know what it is
it's mushy peas in case there's no food
left on the whole earth and it was just
cat food I feel sick
I'd rather eat a plant oh yes well I
guess yeah oh do you like mushy peas
love mushy peas an insult when the wool
are not cold yeah oh do they taste PE
they're all like easy and it's the
texture of the so laggy anything would
taste nice now compared to that cat food
Becky dominated the situation but chummy
you did so well with that dog food I
think that smelt worse the dog fit
really well the jelly did it for me I
couldn't have done it could you could
you hear that word heel away
yeah I think I've mentally scarred now
anyway you should go and have a glass of
wine I think that was probably one of
the worst things I've ever done in my
life things we do for YouTube posters
see you tomorrow bye bye Becky won't be
here though
I'll be so sad don't eat cat food honey
rain just cuz she missed me it was no
danger at all little I think I'm small
but when my father's car it smelt so
strongly a
