hello guys we are currently in Mike's
truck and we are on our way to pick up
my parents dogs got some wellies in the
back and it smells quite questionable
over here doesn't it Becky it's a little
I think I've said this before but when
Mike bought this car it smelt so
strongly of weed like I think that's a
hot guy there's a bag in here that I
think you know what my serious they've
stitched it into the ceiling here like
honestly
Mike's had this car for what we get
pulling a person they find it was nobody
like you've been like I've been doing
drugs rested and it wasn't us guys it
wasn't specking so where are we just in
well well I'm not sure how to explain
this you the lady in the shop just
thought we were a mental and she's like
what kind of job do you have Becky into
a shop because we are doing the Teen
Challenge and oh my goodness mmm this is
possibly about which flavor you won are
you going camping are you putting the
dog on a diet really weird yeah so
without that today's today thing I want
it I want the custody that's what I'm
saying love custard I'm nice pudding all
nice and meatballs don't know what's in
it so guys seeing as Becky and I just
dropped off at my mom's house to pick up
the hounds I thought I would show
Beckster Unni here her bridesmaid shoes
for the first time because they arrived
a couple of weeks ago and they are being
stored in here which is in the
downstairs loo but there's a few things
in here of which you're not allowed to
see but I'm going to show her shoes and
see what here we go this probably
shouldn't happen until the morning of
the wedding but Becky's getting special
secret permission to look early because
it's not nice little bit lovely if you
guys have watched my bridal channel we
basically designed these for the
bridesmaid dresses so it was quite
exciting getting them actually done
that's what keyring in it weirdly really
yeah that's quite cool but oh wow yeah
you like that you're gonna think she's
cute oh I definitely know where that top
secret didn't see them do it see this oh
my god they're gorgeous
look at the back gorgeous Oh mousey is
in the housey or in the car chop shops
in the back having fun old chap chillin
off we go true so Becky's just getting
ready to film and I am prepping the tin
can so I want to remove all the labels
and write numbers on top of them
not looking forward to this at all the
dogs are though I think they might get
some doggy food leftovers yeah yeah I'll
have Rose wish hmm
tin can challenge so we've just done the
tin can challenge and I'm not gonna lie
I think we're scared for life I feel
terrible I don't think there's anything
working words it's just awful and if you
want to see what we did it we up in
tomorrow's video I always thought the
smell is way worse but it's not just
cutting talk but no no the smells not
worse right we are going to crack open
glass wine and oil crack open the bottle
it's already open so we can have a glass
of wine and fire up the old barbecue I
need some more appetizing food now what
are you doing with that
where are you going really well
on the Rose Bowl team is on route 1 your
boy be careful resuming like the face oh
look lovely oh you've got with a weird
way of eating sweet corn right here
cut what are you doing you crazy can't
do the little cut like this is anybody
else do I get really annoyed when you
eat people like I cut and I'm left with
a little neat line not the 80% the world
that does it so my little Baxter ooh has
got home now which is very sad so nice
to have her to stay because we honestly
don't get spend enough time together
which sucks but I am currently sitting
at my desk having an editing marathon we
filmed three videos together with Becky
say to her for my channels and then I've
got two vlogs to edit and yes that's
probably the end of today's vlog I
wanted to share with you all I can't
remember if I've mentioned already but
this candle I've put it on my blog this
candle is the nest Moroccan amber candle
which my friend tarty from Graham life
furious at me oh my goodness it is like
honestly the best man candle I've ever
smelled I am addicted to it if you
stopped that much already it is amazing
and the puppies are here too and they
say goodbye
man they style logic
oh yeah
mommy
