well hello everyone and welcome to June
to force I hadn't actually mentioned
anything to you guys about vlogging
every day in June I know I've had a lot
of questions about what I'm gonna start
vlogging everyday again the last few
months have been interesting as you all
know you've been through it with me but
I'm back and I'm gonna be vlogging every
day this month it is the first today it
is a Saturday and I'm so excited because
my bestest best university friend Becky
otherwise known as talk by he talked on
YouTube is coming over for the weekend
to stay she should be arriving in about
five minutes so I'm excited to have her
here it's the first time she's been to a
new house been in for two weeks now it's
gone so quickly but we're settling in
very quickly these two little monsters
are settling in a very well not spoil
two tall lady dogs no not at all not
there's not many toys all over the floor
are there little monkeys they are
absolutely loving the new house like
obsessed with it
they love the garden we've got lots of
trees in the garden and there's also
like lots of kind of long grass that
they can kind of run through it's like a
little forest out there and they love it
they love it so yeah I will see you
shortly
talking of how spoiled those puppies are
they actually have a toy chest by the
door full of their toys which they go
and empty every single day and proceeded
to scatter toys all over the house and
then every day after pick them up and
put them back in the toy chests they
think it's amazing fun oh and here's
some more outside yet more toys
everywhere look who's arrived we are
going to get supplies
food food we're going to fry together
bit sunburned I had a rumor that
Morrison's now do sushi so we're going
to find that out if it's true we're
going to gorge ourselves so I'm going to
have breakfast did you have sex and then
I gave you a really strong coffee which
by the way tarty otherwise known as glam
life
you're on YouTube I love that you sent
me like a whole stock of stuff from the
coffee bean ice blended cups she said be
like the powder she said be the coffee
like to mix it all up so I made Becky a
white chocolate ice blended coffee
strong so good yes so good mm-hmm okay
so Becky and I went for a bit of a
impromptu meze style one two check this
out I've got pita bread baguette we've
got some Brussels part a selection of
salami better stuff and then hummus
apricot breeze look who is back but
wherever you been today I've been to one
Davis been to our new neighbors clay
pigeon shooting was it fun it was good
fun and now you shot like a demon Mike
how do you say demon demon he calls them
demons is that normal cuz I didn't know
anyone else he posted e on the end of
demon that's just the way I roll so we
are now off to the neighbor's house or
BBQ which were be nervous about kiss
well Mike sooner or later he knows it
but I don't know them and yeah we met
them they came over like the day after
oh here's Becky they came over the day
after we moved in and invites us around
for barbecue so today is the day Becky's
coming along too and we've got one of
the Rosie's take over gonna eat some
barbecue food I'm actually a little bit
hungry now yes we did eat so much yo it
is I'm a little surprised we might drag
you into this to be honest
puppies we go guys locked up in a cage
we won't be long with bees it's gonna
look honestly they're like why don't you
leave babe okay we'll bring you some
puppy food we're back are we doing the
puppy dinner right now
with one hand so bear with me here is
the puppy meal puppy they have about
three courses a little bit less
three-quarters in the scoop of puppy
biscuit I'm talking to flogging and then
they have another three quarters and
then guys by the way there's a cool war
going on in here this is Mike some tapia
cool apart from the fact that I did this
what did Lissy move that this is the
cool the top is this case Oh what did it
come with their sub Sarah as you can see
Minnie oh yeah baby that's my car right
there that is Sub Zero yours is the top
if that is like as as -65 see you get
it's like that Attila I'm not this
doesn't know to be honest you know you
know what you know what this whole chart
was done by me though because I unpacked
these from the old house
are you gonna do some not Maserati that
is no it's just it's not sub-zero it's
just cool in case in there Mustangs
yeah I put the Mustang in sub-zero what
are you talking about TVR Sagaris is it
serious
really no that's cool Mike you won't
roll around you said Susie uncle Lester
Darren it's getting some deer they're
all what was that
yeah I like push here life is just
ripping up my selection
yeah Hammond goes in in cool because
he's cool snoop the Stig is cool
Jerry Jeremy no because Cleo sucks is
uncool beats also seriously no I'm cool
just not this is hardcore car assessment
I'm gonna feed the puppies they're
getting very hungry right guys be to a
hungry have we got them any meat where
is the dog meat they need a new packet
and normally lives there if we bought
that early at fancy enough you pick that
earlier here we are we've got a new this
is what the dogs eat they eat puppy /
jr. nature diet is that what you eat do
you do you like that would you like some
now really would you would love you so I
didn't think you wanted any dinner
that's bizarre yeah no but you know what
people because they get chord reads when
they're working now let me know yeah but
still we wouldn't chop your tail of
treacle Oh Vicki I forgot to finish my
vlog last night because I fell asleep on
the sofa watching Captain America Thor
TV I actually really like Captain
America is a really good film but I am
so bad at falling asleep watching films
if I've seen them already
or if I'm just on a sofa because I just
kind of snuggle up and fall asleep I'm
in this anymore I'm okay but yeah I fell
asleep so I didn't finish my
but I am currently making some breakfast
Becky is upstairs getting ready I am
making some jumbo organic porridge
delightful and I'm gonna put some
through the yesterday's robbery two
little kilo and then I'm gonna make her
another white chocolate Frappuccino
thing that Artie sent us because we are
addicted even though you probably
shouldn't have them for breakfast it's
gonna happen yeah there's a poopy as
well where's the only poopy don't know
don't know where she is but I will end
the vlog here and I will see you
tomorrow which is actually today good
Wow Mike's not here so I have to do his
goodbye for him good
