good morning guys bright and early and
I'm in crazy
ghoulish lighting much better today is
Wednesday unlike what is it what is it
what there is worth and I'm off to
London so I think it's possible total
six right now I have about 20 minutes I
feel like because I'm getting my hair
and makeup done to the Brits today I got
up at my normal time and I've actually I
don't need to do anything for my hair
makeup so actually I have loads of time
have come downstairs to get some
breakfast breakfast of champions guys
crunching up so I made it to the flat
and I am getting my hair done by the
lovely Gareth
who I hadn't seen in like three months
and we've been having a good old catch
up trying to make me look a little bit
more presentable for today because yeah
it wasn't a good stuff this is the
reality of doing a hair in your own
house guys just on a brush full of hair
Gareth blow drying blow drying me
alright so I just have my makeup done
weather's lovely it's your Gina from
here on cheek I'm going to the breads
which you've onto tonight and go swish
my hair and now on my way well to a
video shoot with cadburys
which I'm super excited about because
Mike's actually doing it with me so it's
basically about like the perfect partner
and why we're different and the same at
the same time so I'm excited that Mike's
been on the train today which for him he
lets me get the train rail since I've
had I think six or seven phone calls so
far asking about where he picks the
ticket up from there's no parking spaces
so where should you park where are the
carbs in Euston we've in the cab so let
me know who's in the cab which is really
just so
and like mike you'll be fine just just
use your eyeballs you drywall that is
what's happening when our on our way
it's been a little bit of manic morning
we made it and we're only a little bit
late so hopefully what we too much
following wasn't really hungry so it is
really lunchtime hoping I can eat
something because otherwise I might get
really hungry so we are filming four
countries right now check out the set so
nice like a little sitting room but if
actually not discussed as most people
here as well uh-huh but this is the
first time ever I'm getting to actually
eat chocolate for work you like happy
eat all the vegetables every day is
taking us into work they might like what
Susan what you see chocolate on this
last night they might doesn't like
peanut butter I'm one of them's peanut
butter never one has been so I get to
evil look speed of Mach one are you
enjoying a day out with me
if you post me to each other every day
how to come to work with you then I'm
eating a really on vacation and
punishing ugly and naturally just know
it's okay run this off okay
that's someone we need to start running
this off we need to start trainer to run
before guys because under force of you
know ponies we have a lot of training
Saturdays number one painting that's
Virginia we'll probably
- moron before you know how many
Northerners
but we can do Saturday that's going to
be our like back in training up my
recovery we have Pete as well this is
great like so for tea and chocolate so
I'm back at the flat now I've just given
my makeup a quick update because it's
been like a long time since I did it
brush my hair and I'm now steaming my
outfit so tonight I'm wearing my Topshop
pink dress and I'm also taking my little
Gucci bag with me and then I think I'm
gonna wear my black boots because I feel
like the Britain - like - dressy so I'm
seeing under Singh wear boots I'm gonna
try it on and see what it looks like but
that is the update I'm going to get
steaming because my cab is five minutes
late
okay so this is my outfit guys I have my
pink dress and then I'm actually wearing
it with my Victoria's Secret strapless
bando underneath it which I think kind
of works because you can well I just
slip so this is like a little bit more
than a bra but a little bit less and
like wearing a crop top is actually like
a really long line like it comes down
right to that so where is that and then
I have my Gucci bag and then on my feet
I have my boots because we're not
actually walking the red carpet we're in
a box so I feel like it's a little bit
more cash so that is what I'm wearing
let's go to the bridge I'm super excited
so there was a crash on the road
and happy with crazy so my driver drop
out for the temptation by now getting
the to be oh shoot otherwise I'm
I made it guys a little bit touch-and-go
there in the standstill traffic
so I've just got back to my flat after
watching the Brits it was so of them I
hope you guys enjoyed that little sneak
preview got to see that I couldn't vlog
too much because it was so loud and very
dark but I hope you enjoyed seeing a
little sneak peek feels so good I feel
like sometimes award shows are a little
bit I don't know not amazing if you
don't love the people performing but it
was so awesome Katy Perry was awesome ed
Sheeran was amazing the 1975 are amazing
as well and as an amazing tribute to
George Michael which was just really
really emotional by all of the other
members of Wham and then Chris Martin's
song and that was awesome
such a good evening and yeah I was so so
happy massive thank you to Givenchy and
Kenzo who 'sister brands if you're
confused why both of them took Weber a
big thank you to them for taking me
along it was really awesome I had such a
good time I like now got back so we flat
and my sheets are not on my bed they are
hanging over the chair so basically I
just thrown my tent on top of them there
but when I have to wash my sheets in the
flat because I don't have a tumble dryer
or a massive hangy thing I've got my
honey thing which has got the
pillowcases and my underwear on it but
yeah I have to hang them on the chairs
and crank up the heating so that they
dry so hopefully yeah they're dry I'm
now going to have to make the bed
so I made the beds I've taken my makeup
off which feels amazing and I'm going to
go to bed now but I got two exciting
things from this evening and I wonder I
would open them with you guys on camera
because other said I went to Brett's of
Javon sheet in Kenzo and they both sent
me some exciting Beauty bag so so I'm
smells delightful and there's actually
flour in here poppy and a fossil of
flour by Kenzo which I've never actually
owned this fragrance remember that ad so
distinctly like the original ad with the
Kenzie flower girls excited that and
then in here there is a little bag full
of makeup cute bag I think if I shake in
the bag and then in here we have all of
these goodies so there's a I shadow cord
a lipstick another lipstick the mascara
this is amazing and magics Kohl eyeliner
so these are the super bright sparkly
eyeshadows and then look at this
packaging guys so awesome check that out
put your clear tube with a square whoa
dropped it with a tube in the middle and
it has a ribbon on the end which you
pull out and it's lipstick and this
color is gorgeous I just tried it so
nice like a really nice berry but it's
actually quite a share formula so you
can like wear it quite sure or build up
excited about that and then there's
another lipstick which is this gorgeous
gorgeous nude color super beautiful I
love that and then mascara is black in
an iron is black too but this packaging
is killer as well as so awesome I'm also
super hungry cafe my dinner at 5 o'clock
before I went to the bridge
and the only thing I have in my flat and
to be fair I have my friend Robin to
thank for this because without him I
wouldn't have these in my flat I would
be super hungry it's a few of these
these are the rosemary and sea salt nuts
from Daylesford there's a little bit
left I'm gonna eat them I'm that hungry
guys I really am so I'm gonna head to
sea now guys because I have a very early
start tomorrow morning I'm just watching
end an episode of helix and yeah I'll
see you in the morning
