hello guys and welcome back to my vlog
Channel today is moving day Mike and I
are moving house today and I'm not gonna
lie when they say is the second most
stressful thing you can do next to
divorce
it is packing is an art fern and as you
can see in the background we have some
suitcases and stuff and bedrooms pretty
much done we've got boxes all along here
we've got all sorts of stuff going on in
here the bed's been taken apart boxes
boxes boxes downstairs is even more
crazy but we are hopefully moving into
our new house today we've been packing
for the last week or so which is why
I've been a little bit quiet on the old
vlogging front and we are actually just
waiting for the payment to go through
there was a problem yesterday with like
transferring the funds or whatever so
have you heard anything Mike know how
heard anything yet
so we're hoping it's going to go through
today we're meant to be moving up midday
it's now 10:00 so it's not gonna happen
at midday but hopefully it will happen
today how are you feeling
it's rose are you excited this is a
monster stressed by stress bag stress
bag look at all the packing look this is
the puppies er how luggage how they're
quite so much stuff I don't know let
their having a snooze in here I'm
showing you guys free cool seems to be
sleeping on top of squidge hurrah out
they come hey gorgeous
how you doing how you doing
tricky are you ready for the move yeah
are you excited yeah just a bit itchy
here we are in the car we order the fast
and they were actually heading over to
my parents place to drop these
reprobates off little monkeys
they've been scrapping haven't you
you've been scrapping now they're sleepy
but we're gonna drop them off so they
don't get run over or squashed under a
box or lost or anything Oh someone just
pulled out in front of Mike and we had
to do heavy braking with many breakables
behind us but nothing moved
so yeah onwards goodbye well hello guys
it is actually the next day right now
I'm not gonna lie I did a vlogging fail
I didn't realise quite how crazy moving
house was yesterday was just insane the
house ended up going through at midday
so we were like actions all stations
everybody was helping us carrying stuff
in but we are in the new house this is
the kitchen welcome I have had tons of
requests to do a house tour and I just
wanted to say before anybody else are so
I'm actually not going to do one so just
for kind of privacy reasons really I'm
not going to do a house tour but you'll
see little snippets of it in my vlogs
here's Mike how does the move for you
so yeah we're just unpacking stuff and
now from you you will enjoy what really
stressed Sandra morning but I'm having
now um and we're just gonna go back and
get the last couple of loads from our
old house to move them into this house
and yeah did you sleep well last night
like a bee I I like woke up a lot and I
was like a website so did a new house
and then I woke up at 5:00 I was like
time to get up and then I was like maybe
not but I think the boobies slept quite
well but kitty cancer the cats are here
how you feeling growler it stress bit
stress but she's okay ah what are you
two doing we've got two little monkeys
in here pippy's toy cars like to say
yesterday and Mike's got this rug that
he had when he was a kid then he plays
it did anyone else have a rug like this
I think it's pretty cool if you're a
little boy and white gloves anyway and
have they destroyed it no it's a lot
that's good so yeah we're a little bit
sparse but we're hopefully going to be
getting um some like maybe a mirror on
that wall and some more stuffs in the
kitchen we got some flowers left for us
by the old owners how nice is that they
left us some lilies and we also got some
flowers from my granny too if you guys
look fleurs-de-lis are very nice um and
yeah we are off to get moisture I'm
gonna have them at Norma's breakfast
I want one snooze you'd leave Oh
so whilst Mike is unloading the rest of
the van with my dad
I have carve on an errand running
mission into town and to be honest I'm a
little bit concerned I didn't bring Mike
with me because I've been buying light
bulbs shovels attachments for washing
machines along with a lot of lampshades
that's what they're called see I've got
stuff in the back here everywhere my
little mini is chock-a-block full of
house stuff so I am on my way back home
now to kind of put it all together very
exciting it's all starting to come
together which is like the best feeling
because it's starting to feel a bit like
home with all of our stuff there so yeah
it's really really hot today as well I'm
hot just thought I'd show you guys
what's going on in my car right now
whoever said you can't fit a lot in a
mini is lying I've got my dog cray I've
got a lifetime supply of dog food and
cat food all of my interior stuff and I
have going home I don't think I can fit
anything else in this car so I come back
minder in the cupboard what are you
doing in there I'm sorting out your dish
I think is okay Wendy I think we should
just leave you in there shudder it does
ha ha ha I think he's trying to fit the
dryer ok come on leave it
Thank You punishment now I just put une
with babe just Rondon better so guys
I've just got home and I'm about to
commence paint testing I'm standing in
the room that I want to paint as you
guys may be able to tell this is this
lovely pee green color the lady who
lived in for actually loved her and she
painted a lot of the soft green and she
has green carpet as you can see in
there's this green carpet but this is
the room where the doggy woofers and the
cats live as you can see the cabinet's
is going outside let's go outside anyway
I have all of the colors I've chosen
here I'm actually going to paint a few
rooms I wanted to do one like a light
gray so I have these three they're all
jewel uggs but a sheep shadow polished
pebble and perfectly taupe and then I've
got neutrals which is potentially for
this room soft ruffle mellow maka and
nutmeg white and then darker kind of
topi grays and stone colors potentially
for the downstairs toilet which is soft
stone potter's wheel and dusted damson
which may be a bit pink but I'm going to
try anyway so I'm gonna see what I don't
know quite where paint them because I
think Mike might get bits dropping at me
so I'm going to try I might paint them
over here by the dogs K this is the dogs
new cage by the way which is an extra
extra large one because at the moment
they're sweeping in this which is like a
travel cage here which is where they
have their bed and then they have the
food outlet because there's two of them
that kind of outgrowing it they only
sleep in here as well but we're going to
have the big cage as there like food and
kind of like area to pee if they need to
pee in the night which they've stopped
doing which is good and then we're going
to have the little cage as their bed so
I need to do that as well afternoon but
I'm going to commence painting and I
will show you look at all the dogs toys
by the way look how many balls around
there spoiled spoiled puppies so yeah
I'll keep you updated with the paint and
I'll definitely be like a voting
situation which college you about best
see you in a while so here are my little
swatches on the wall as home Mike
doesn't kill me um this one is soft
careful which is actually shown up so
dark and then there's soft stone
perfectly taupe which is a little too
gray mellow
and then the Nutmeg white at the end I
think I'm liking the stone color this
one here which maybe a little pink or
this one which is the taupe the mellow
mocha horse officer so I think it's
going to be one of those two in here
having a look on camera like the colors
aren't showing up as vibrant as they do
because this green is definitely
brighter it is like bogey color we just
got back from what is pretty much the
final load how are you feeling red now
taut sleepy I feel very tired it's been
one of those crazy busy weekend's the
whole weekend is just mental absolute
mental but we've got pretty much the
last load back now we're not going to
unload the van tonight we're going to
unload it tomorrow yeah take a few bits
out but um yeah we're pretty much done
there's just a few bits pieces we need
to go and pick up if you like check bags
and stuff for the charity shop um and
yeah it's been a crazy entertaining day
I will be vlogging again sometimes you
know I don't know when we still don't
have any internet so I don't even know
when this will go up because it's one of
those things getting internet set up and
having to go somewhere else to upload
and things like that
but yeah thanks for coming along with me
guys and welcome to our new home I hope
we share many happy vlogging memories
here bye I'll be doing a little bit of a
different view
if you guys don't follow
