hey guys so today I'm gonna be doing a
little bit of a different video for you
all if you guys don't follow me on
Twitter you might not already know that
I am currently moving house which is
very very exciting and I have been doing
a little bit of house shopping kind of
in preparation for just starting up all
the little rooms the house we've bought
actually isn't quite in our taste like
the deck or that is in there at the
moment isn't really our thing so it's
gonna be a long kind of work in progress
getting it exactly how we want it but
I've bought a few little things kind of
here and there just to make it look
prettier so I thought I would do a deck
or haul for you all today if you're not
interested in this kind of thing then
let me know if you do like this thing
then also let me know because it'll be
good to know for the future if I ever
buy any house key stuff if you guys want
to see it so without further ado I'm
gonna start with like the shiny pretty
stuff first because that's my personal
favorite first of all I stopped on VHS
which is not the most glamorous shop
when I was a kid it didn't used to be
like the coolest job to go into however
now that she has some really really good
home stuff and in there I found this
lamp which is basically like a giant
sparkly ball it doesn't look that
fantastic like just now when you're
holding it up because it has all the
wires inside and the labels on but you
put a little light inside and it's a
bedside light and when you light it up
light reflects off all of these little
gems and it just looks really sparkly
and pretty it's kind of slightly like
Indian feel with the embossed metal kind
of style which was the look I was going
for this is actually for our guest
bedroom so I did buy a couple of other
things along a similar vein to that
style these are actually from TK Maxx
first of all this photo frame it's from
a brand called Sakura and it's from that
arabesque collection however I have no
idea what that brand is away you would
get it from other than TK Maxx but I
love this and it was pretty affordable
so I think it was like $5.99 $6.99 but
yeah I love this I think it's really
cute I think it fits in with that kind
of theme that I'm going for for that
room as well along with
this a mirrored glass box it has a
silver kind of lace pattern on the top
and it's glittery as well which economy
a much better than that as well but on
the inside I just think this was really
pretty and it was 14 pounds which I
thought was a pretty good buy
considering like it's beautiful quality
and I just love it so those are a few
bits and pieces for the guest bedroom
also bought their set of hooks which
looks like a key it's a giant wrought
iron key I'm not entirely sure where
this is gonna go I just kind of saw it
and fell in love with it I absolutely
love keys so I just thought it was
really cute and kind of fairytale yeah
but I will keep you updated where this
goes in the new house I think it might
go in the guest bedroom with all the
other kind of pretty sparkly princessy
type things but I do love this a lot
again TK Maxx 10 pound bag and I thought
I also went a little crazy on the throw
cushions first of all I bought three
cushions that look like this and you may
recognize these from somewhere that I
love love love the bed linen that I got
when we redid my room here I'm at my
parents house at the moment if you guys
don't know and I spotted these cushions
again in TK Maxx
and I just thought you know what I love
them so much I'm gonna get them for my
new house as well because obviously I
can't take all this stuff with me
because this is my mom's stuff but yeah
I love these I love the color and love
the pattern they've got stripes on one
side they've got like a Brock flock kind
of design what is it called damask on
the other side and yeah they are just
amazing so I got a square one of these
and then two of the kind of long
rectangular ones like exactly like you
can see on my bed now I bought those
three cushions and I also bought the
throw as well which is from BHS - this
was half-price it was a 50 pound reduced
from 100 pounds it's exactly the same
one you see behind me they're really
like nice and soft and pretty good price
as well like throws can be ridiculously
expensive so I basically bought the
whole bed behind me I also fought the
kind of bluey silver cushions that have
like a velvet what is it like a plant or
flower pattern on it it's not really a
floral but I like these a lot
these are to go into my new office
I think I'm not like entirely sure I
might like move them around with
cushions you can move around a lot but I
bought them with the office in mind
because the little white daybed that you
guys might have seen in the background
with some of my videos and it's in the
kind of office room of my house at the
moment has like a blue cushion theme and
I wanted to get more cushions for it
because it won't be used so much as a
bed anymore because it's like one of
those pull-out day beds from Ikea
it'll be used more as sofa so I wanted
to get a small cushions so I got two of
these they were $12.99 each which I
thought was a really good price TK Maxx
is like my ultimate favorite place to
shop for home wares because they can get
so expensive like if you buy throw
cushions from John Lewis or anywhere
like that they tend to be like 35 pounds
upwards for nice ones which is just so
expensive like right up so like 70
pounds which is ridiculous whereas these
are like 10 to 15 pounds each so I got
two of those and I love them and then I
also bought one of these which I'm not
sure why this is going to go but you
know when you're just attracted to
something and I was like I really like
that I like the kind of silvery gray
slightly mushroomy taupe I would
describe it as taupe with it has like
this kind of metallic blue stitching
with the like mustard yellow leaves I
really like this a lot
I'm not sure where it's gonna go it
might actually go on Mike and i's bed i
need to kind of like test it out when we
move in and see where it goes that i
love that and i also got two of the same
design but in like a white with slightly
greeny blue stitching again these are
for the office rooms they slightly go
with these they're not like a perfect
match but i think they look quite nice
together and there's gonna be quite a
lot I'm gonna put a lot of effort into
kind of decorating my office because
it's where I'm gonna be filming so yeah
I'm excited to share that with you guys
and if you would like to see a kind of
before and after decorating video then
let me know because my office is going
to be the kind of first place that I
and stuff yeah so let me know if you
guys would like to see that that is it
for my deck or hall it has been really
nice sharing all this with you let me
know in the comment section below if you
like this kind of video or not and I
will see you very soon
TV bastard
