good morning guys I'm happy Sunday today
I have a very very exciting day ahead of
me I'm actually going to the TV BAFTAs
with San Tropez Santa may have invited
me along as one of their guests so I
have tanned up I've done my nails done
my toes and I'm ready to go off to
London and I'm gonna take you guys along
with me
so I stopped off at opted circuits to
pick up a bracelet from Topshop and I
actually saw the other day but I didn't
like I thought my mom had one really
similar it turns out she's lost it so
I'm gonna find that and maybe some shoes
as well but does the other shoe bracelet
mission accomplished so here's my hotel
guys I'm just that good check in and let
the beautifying come back just what's my
hotel room here it is so I'm staying at
the Corinthian actually where most of
the kind of Baptist stuff is based
here's my bathroom here's me and the
mirror hello still got no hair and
makeup I'm about to go down in 15
minutes to get my hair makeup done I
just wanted to show you guys my shoes
this is what I shop for in Topshop there
may be a little bit late because I got
to the register or the till sore as
being very American there and the lady
was like oh we can't actually sell these
to you for 10 minutes because it's
Sunday trading hours those her condo but
these are ones I got I wanted to go for
kind of black and gold theme I am still
like not a hundred percent sure because
I don't have my dress whether I'm gonna
wear these or my Prada ones which I also
brought with me that these are like
absolute foot killers and I'm gonna be
wearing them from 4:00 p.m. a 4:30 p.m.
to late at night I think so I'm gonna
see how these go trying on right out
there I also picked up this cuff which
was from a brand called made handcrafted
in Africa because I want to go for like
a black and gold team and then I have my
Chanel bag so that is a sneak peek of
what I'm gonna be wearing and here's all
the other mess I've created on my bed
and my other shoes and my bad and the
room is playing weird kind of like
background music at me so I'm gonna go
and get my hair done I'm a makeup time
and I will see you guys that I'm here
with Jared if you know he's gonna be
doing my hair we're gonna be showing you
a little bit of what he's doing
so I've just got out of having my hair
done and I have about 20 minutes before
I have to make appointment so I'm gonna
eat some lunch
here's my salad
I'm ready to go so I thought I would do
a very quick kind of outfit today
this is weird filming in this really
skinny mirror but yeah my hair
I've actually pushed it to the side and
it's dropped out a lot which I really
love and love it I think it looks so
cool and my makeup looks like this
actually did make a couple of
alterations I always find it a little
like like that whenever I get my makeup
done by somebody who hadn't done my
makeup before I just like got rid of a
tiny bit of the brown underneath my eyes
because I thought it made me look a bit
tired but I love it I really doesn't
look this very like classic glamour she
used a lot of matte brown eyeshadows on
the lips so I think she used Teddy
eyebrow pencil over and then she used a
witch and a couple of other neutral
Browns and she used a little bit of face
and body foundation and she used Pro
Longwear concealer and then a lip color
which I've actually changed as well
because I just ate a little something
and it messed it up so I chopped it up
with my yl red lipstick the pH or Max
the red one he was 203 with a little bit
of glossy stain on top as well in number
14 which is a pink one because I didn't
actually have the color that she used to
top it up throughout the night so that
is my face and then for my outfit I have
on this is my dress it's very plain but
I really love it it's just a black
pleated maxi dress and then I have on my
made cuff which I got from Topshop today
and my Chanel bag and then finally I
have on some vintage who ever seen
anybody like this vintage Kerr Lagerfeld
earrings which are actually my mum's I'm
gonna wind in that let's do it this way
where they were actually my mom's and
yeah I think I actually think they were
my sisters and my sister was gonna throw
them out there in like a big pile of
stuff and I was like well health belt
throwing those out I'm gonna take them
so yeah I am ready to go to the BAFTAs I
mean little bit nervous cause I don't
actually know any of the other people
I'm going with but I'm really excited
it's like my first kind of red carpet
experience and yeah come along with me
I've just got back into my hotel room
I'm actually in the bathroom right now
because it's brighter in here it's
actually one of those like weird hotels
where they come in and turn down the bed
which kind of creeps me out knowing that
was somebody that I was like been in
your room when you kind of weren't
expecting it if you know what I mean so
they put like the robot which is really
nice but they've also like lined up all
my makeup look at this I was like okay
that's nice it's organized I've done it
it like brand there's a lot like well
interesting anyway I had the best night
at the BAFTAs it was so cool to be
invited something like that and just
yeah it was a really awesome experience
the ceremony was amazing it was
presenting my grandmother in who I
really like and it was just really fun
to kind of be there any part of it
and then we had an amazing dinner and
then there was an after-party too which
was really fun so yeah a huge thank you
senpai for inviting me really really
kind of them I had a great time and a
big thank you as well to the guys at
mark hill who did my hair the guys at my
call the girls at mark who did my makeup
and house appraiser for lending me the
dress cuz it was honestly like the most
kind of pampering day that I've had ever
it was so much fun
and yeah I'm gonna leave you will now go
to bed
take this makeup off and I will see you
very soon
you
