good morning everybody today it is
pretty early in the morning I have a
squeegee and today I'm headed to London
it is super super sunny outside
yesterday was actually the hottest day
of the year and apparently today is
meant to be just as hot so I'm excited
about that we have two and I'm just
about to leave so I'm just gonna go and
say goodbye to Mike who is power washing
a rug outside I'm not entirely sure how
he's doing it but we found this rug in
the garage of Mike's parents house and
they said we can have it it's been
outside for ten years I think so Mike is
giving it a little walk Sean yeah nice
to see you let's check this rug out the
puppies are adventuring behind me going
in the little stable where the cats
sleep how is it going I hope pussycat
it's like a zoo today look at this Mike
it's pretty good huh yeah this is the
rug it's quite big yeah it's quite a
large rug is it washing up nicely
getting rid of ten years of grime and
I've washed our rug from our sitting
room it washed the rug I don't know if
you actually meant to wash these kind of
rugs Mike like that one fair enough it's
been outside for ten years but that one
well I don't know I same as like we're
doing love the weapon in the washing
machine I'm off to London I am going to
a wholesale like homey place that my mum
has a card for for her business and
we're gonna buy some mirrors for the
wedding which I'll explain more when we
get there and squid said it's probably
being naughty somewhere card squidge
where is she so I've actually got a roof
down in my car for the first time in
ages boop boop I won't be able to keep
it down for long so I'm going on the
motorway but I'm just gonna go and pick
up my post
mr. the other day yeah your packages I'm
not gonna open now I'm gonna save them
for later haha I am stuck in the world's
worst traffic I'm just coming through
Hampstead in London was really nice area
but I don't want to be stuck here it's
hot and it is boring when you're stuck
in traffic and then watching a guy who's
just gone around the corner now I can't
show you it's really annoying he's
mowing the lawn like a communal lawn out
in the front and he's like drifting his
lawnmower around the trees like doing
donuts it's really funny but if I see
him I will show you so I am here in
London with my mom who is driving isn't
she wearing a nice outfit today I liked
it very much very snazzy where's that
from TJ Maxx blatantly TK Maxx and we
have arrived at the wholesale
thingamabob & magicka to get mirrors and
I didn't actually tell you the reason
why we're buying mirrors at the wedding
we want to have the table pans like
written on mirrors like written on the
glass telling us a safe seat to where to
sit so that's why we're here looking for
giant like Baroque style mirrors that
aren't ten billion million pounds it's
very cool inside we'll do some stealthy
filming and do yes I'm so glad to be in
mum's car that has air-conditioning
because I got so hot got stuck in
traffic for an hour and my
air-conditioning and my car's broken so
I can either have the roof off and get a
bit sunburned or have the roof on and
like pass out from heat so it was tricky
but it actually ended up putting the
roof on and being too hot and taking the
roof down and then just getting really
angry that there was so much traffic and
feeling really ill but mum has good air
conditioning so I'm fine now we found a
little friend a little spaniel friend
which mirror do you like cuz a lot lot
of mirrors what about this one alright
I'm Jeff that one that one that one that
one that one I don't know we didn't find
the right kind of mirror but we did find
Fars is for the middle of the tables for
the wedding so it wasn't an unproductive
trip we've stopped off at Westfield on
the way back for a bit of lunch I had
some tasty sushi mum had a wrap and now
we have some Starbucks as usual I went
for the chai tea latte with soy but this
time with a shot mum got a vanilla latte
and here we're not stopping to shop
we're being very good today and I have
like a red spot on my nose we say hi
dudes hi stinky hi smelly Dinky's you
might say hi dudes
hi dude hi you're a banana balls
hello guys I've just got home and I'm
actually sitting on the front doorstep
ohara little squish came out to greet me
didn't you squidgy she is crazy and
treacle just drop the broom on top of
her and well I don't think it hit her
she just got scared and was like I had a
rubbish trip home I got stuck in crazy
crazy traffic again I feel like I spent
like five hours in the car today when
what should have been like two and a
half hours which is really annoying but
yeah it's a really beautiful day just
got home
Mike's here don't know what we're doing
uh-huh no don't know what we're doing
for dinner
what we doing for dinner don't know
little she's grown so much the last
couple weeks
yes squid we all know that you're there
treacle squidge is the biggest attention
seeker let me make treacle hi squidgy
squidge there they are the little
monkeys yeah you get it week's you get
it I just picked up a cheeky Chinese
Chinese Chinese
yeah look at these three dopey animals
treacle is desperate to us friends with
growler and growler it's actually pretty
good I've never seen a cat play with the
puppy quite the same as she does she
does give her an occasional Bop but she
likes her a lot and squidge is actually
interested not doesn't care oh is she
looking a bit annoyed she's so patient
I've never seen such a patient growl
okay okay now she's maybe lost her
patience but most cats wouldn't even
entertain them look you lose nine emini
see she's got the longest tail Oh
goodbye everybody
goodbye one of those cool
she was really cute
