hey guys I literally just woke up this
is what I look like when I count of
birds look at my hair it's great isn't
it um not I wanted to vlog really
quickly it's just one of those days we
wake up and look out window and you're
like oh my god it's such a nice day can
you guys see this such a nice sunny day
and we've had such rubbish weather we
had like two sunny days last week and
apart from that we have had like no
spring so far so very very excited I
think some exciting things are gonna
happen today and I am going to take you
guys with me I'm going to do this as
like my first vlog back into vlogging so
here we go I can hear the puppies crying
so I'm gonna go downstairs and let my
out first we'll have to open the door
because they are so small that they
can't quite control their bladders oh
hello Pussycats and yeah look excuse all
the boxes by the way we're in the
process of starting to move but yeah
I'll show you how I swim I wake up in
the morning I sleep in a cage I don't
destroy the room now actually quite like
it then I started to go in there in the
day and be super nervous cool come on
puppies come up on these outside not
upstairs
puppies well disciplined well
disciplined here we go we're outside we
are terrorizing the cat doing the
longest way in the world tricks what you
do in yuba pussycat known to do puppies
so I'm just not the Cubbies food in the
right way
anyone else microwave their dog food no
no are you spoiled I think you to us
blue
hey squeaky which squish-squish was his
old squeeze don't feel oh poor little
squidgy is not feeling very well guys
she just wouldn't eat her breakfast and
now she wants to sleep so we were
worried about her no bear she shaved a
little bit I'm fine but when she may
have eaten something in the garden or
something I don't know she was fine this
morning as you guys saw when she woke
are closed oh we had a bit of a detour
on the day and we took little squeegee
here
he's now asleep on my lap to the vet and
the vet says that she's had a reaction
to her jabs which apparently is pretty
rare but she should be fine
she also has been tonsillitis apparently
which I didn't realize dogs gone so she
has had some painkillers and some
antibiotics and he says she should be
back to normal in a day or two so mike
is actually going to stay here today we
were meant to be heading down to London
because it's very exciting there did
mention earlier because my sister is
having a baby today so I we were gonna
head down together and go and meet the
little baby as you guys know if you
watch my Bridal channel is going to be a
girl which is very very exciting for me
so yeah I'm gonna head down Mike's gonna
stay with the dog just to keep an eye
and then probably calm down later in the
week to be the new new addition and yeah
so I'm going to London to meet the bear
at Albany makeup on now because the only
appointment we could get for the dog was
ten and yeah I just managed to wash my
hair and I was like oh that's a big bone
so that's what I need to do the makeup
is on and the poopy is feeling much
better she's actually chilling out now
but she's just been running around with
treacle misbehaving as you can hear
Marie downstairs
treacle is misbehaving downstairs still
but I think she's feeling much better
what's wrong my I forgot to get bread
I'm a bad girlfriend what can I say
uh-oh trifle what are you doing we doing
poppy madness and I forgot the bread
we're on route Mike is dropping me off
and we are going to get a drive-through
Starbucks because it's novelty and we're
20 minutes early its novelty chai tea
dig in it can I have a tool chai tea
latte with soy milk please yes I have a
tall hot chocolate with whipped cream
please hot chocolate will put cream
anything else for you that's it okay
make like remember see you there
Thanks you come hey guys so I am in
London now you may be able to see up
here
some London some people looking at me
like I'm crazy my dad's here and my
mum's here and we have just been to see
the new baby which was pretty awesome
she was really really cute and tiny tiny
tiny obviously I don't look it but um
yeah one of those cool life moments
where you're like hey it's a new human
being landing on an earth and being cool
cute she was really cute but we are just
walking back by cyclists by the canal
now it's actually really pretty back to
the car and we're going to drive home I
don't know what was the time to have fun
yeah so I don't know when we'll get home
maybe stop for a snack on the way um
yeah look at this
this is a McCafe isn't it this is really
cool there's a houseboat cafe here and
we put flowers cause the water's edge
pretty cool it's the floating motor
sounds bit dodgy pretty cool yes sir you
know I did notice there's a boat that
takes you to London Zoo yeah we should
do that with spite one time look what I
came home to squabbling squabbling
puppies but someone's feeling much
better are you all better you look
better you do and apparently she ate her
dinner and you're good girl are you good
girl Treecko Treecko where have you gone
what are you doing come on in here in
the kitchen please stay in here good
puppies I'm home Hera I didn't vlog
after last week is my loving phone ran
out of battery I hate my iPhone 5 it is
rubbish iPhone 4 was way better but I've
just got home and made the weirdest
world's most interesting salad out of
everything I had in the fridge look at
this it's like it's jalapenos iceberg
lettuce which I'm obsessed with at the
moment which is a not bad thing to be
obsessed with olives and cheese and
balsamic dressing but yeah I just
couldn't really find anything else so I
thought hey I'll make a crazy salad
Mike's waiting for his chips to cook and
yes that is it for now
oh my god guys look why I discovered the
other day it was on some kind of offer
in Waitrose Antonio Federici
pistachio gelato it's so good we had
friend Ralph dinner last night we had
this and it's so tasty and I'm gonna
I'm a sneaky little bit right now yeah
all right I'm just about to jump into a
lovely bar and I have these two puppy
monkeys in here and they're having a bit
of a scrap because I believe squidge
stole this piece of foil which is
proceeded to rip up and Treecko keeps on
stealing it so they keep on fighting um
oh joy the joy of puppies don't you eat
my shoe puppies and pyjamas it is animal
kingdom right now on a bed I love you I
want to be carried bum ah treacle is
trying to make friends with the cat
screeches my messy wardrobe ah in the
process of trying to pack ah is all I
have to say and the puppies and Mike I'm
gonna go now guys have a nice day I hope
you've enjoyed this vlog and I will see
you very soon
nice to meet you everybody
you
