well hello everybody if you have been
following me on Twitter you may already
know about these two little bundles of
mischief
that are appearing in this video with us
before I tell you what about might one
is to say a massive thank you to
everybody for being so awesome and
understanding and kind over the last few
weeks it hasn't been the best but we
have two new puppies to show you today I
wanted to do a bit of an intro video
just to tell you a little bit more about
them tell you their names because I've
had a lot of requests to tell you their
names on Twitter and I thought it would
wait and do it in a video and also just
make a little collage of them like their
daily lives what they're like just
bumbling around really um so first of
all I'll start off with this little
monster who is the oldest and the most
bossy little monkey
this is squidge everybody say hello
squidge say hello to the world hello
this is squidge
she is a springer spaniel both of the
puppies as Springer Spaniels she is 12
weeks old but she is quite a small build
she's quite skinny and we didn't
actually mean for this to happen but
squidge is kind of my dog and Treecko
who is here as well is kind of Mike's
dog we didn't intend for that to happen
at all but just that's how the puppies
kind of bonded with us like we got
squinch a couple of days before and she
just follows me around like a little
shadow and just wants to cuddle all the
time so this is Treecko
she is black and white and she's also a
springer spaniel
now the story behind us getting two
puppies when we lost wolfie we just felt
an absolute kind of quiet void in our
house and it just made us so so unhappy
so we started looking at getting a new
dog quite quickly we did initially want
to adopt one we wanted to get we always
wanted to get a springer spaniel because
we just love Springer Spaniels woof was
actually a cross but she was mainly
springer spaniel we love the way they
look we love their personalities and
they're just kind of the dogs for us so
we looked at
but to be honest it was just a little
bit too much like we were replacing woof
it didn't quite feel right I don't know
really how to describe a bit of what was
just kind of like replacing her with a
fully grown dog so we decided to get
puppies and they are very very sweet
they have really different personalities
actually treacle is very lovey and quite
um dopey in a way but she's really kind
of naughty like I think she's gonna be a
chewer
she's like secretly naughty you'll
capture chewing things in the corner but
she'll be really like oh no for you to
your face and then squid on the other
hand who is here you can see a little
white it looks like she's dipped it in
paint has a lot of attitude she's very
independent very adventurous she'll be
the one kind of who listens out of
different noises and stuff but she's not
so naughty like she'll listen to you
when you tell her when you say no don't
do that she'll be like oh sorry
whereas treacle you have to tell her
three times before she stops um but she
has a bit younger so yes she's got a lot
like she's four weeks younger
so it's realist like she's had a lot
more life so she's like you know 1/3
more than this little one yeah so it's
good because having a bit more life
experience but she's really came out the
first few days she was quite quite a
little treacle because it was have lots
of my friends and buddies to eat mmm
she's coming out of a shell caught up in
metal so these are the new puppies um
I'm going to insert some clips that
they're playing and stuff after we stop
talking but yeah just to say nice to
meet you everybody and we are the
poopies treacle squidge yay
oh and they are both girls as well Mike
just added that I didn't say they are
girls to little baby girls
you
