hello guys and welcome to my very last
day in New York it's very sad leaving
everybody has left us it's just me and
vex - really left and we're going to
make the trip back to London it's been a
bit of a tough day emotional emotional
day Woofie is really really poorly she's
got a disease called IMH a which
basically means her body is attacking
her red blood cells and but hopefully
she's going to respond to treatment but
she's not been very well this week and I
don't wanna talk about anymore because
I'll start crying am i crying - this
planet
Dexter's turtle has got something wrong
with his face I think he's got an
infection think he's gonna die so it's
not a good day for animals guys it's not
a good day however we are going to pick
up my wedding dress today we actually
had the most hilarious second dress
fitting ever the seamstress was slightly
bonkers and I she was trying to like do
something to the Train of the dress so
that it bottled and which looked awful
she was like adding these buttons and
loops that you could see and I was kind
of like well I'd prefer not to have that
and she was like well how are you going
to dance like shouting at me and I was
like um it's kind of my problem
so but we came to a compromise in the
end I'm gonna have a loop and have it
round my wrists so yeah it was quite a
stressful dress fitting Becky and
hearties face behind me was literally
like this she put these things on and
you know it I couldn't see them I just
saw your face I thought what's wrong
really quickly that um you know when you
see the backs of thing I was like what
and then and then she was really me
she was really horrible wasn't she it's
not just me being debrie like I was like
well she's not having it and then she
was trying to tell me that she the dress
wouldn't touch the floor and I was like
no I'd like it to touch the floor if
that's a cake she was taking it up she
was like what it will get dirty and I
was like well I don't really care I'm
gonna wear it once I know and she was
like and I was like oh it's gonna be in
a marquee and we're having a carpeted
floor and she's like not carpet and I
was like
yes whilst you were dancing the whole I
will wrong this is the definition of a
good friend guys today is gonna be very
interesting it's gonna be an interesting
one so basically we got out of that
dress fitting yesterday and then I rang
up our airline just a double check
because I had rung them before we're
flying with United and I had rung them
before to check that it would be okay to
take the wedding dress on before I put
the flight what kind of as I put the
flight and the lady said yep that would
be fine like there's there's space in
first-class they'll they'll make space
for it you know it's obviously an
important thing to be carrying with you
it'll be fine and then I rang up
yesterday just to double-check because
I'm a bit worried like that I'm always
I'm such a worrier and the woman on the
phone was really unfriendly and she was
like well if there's no room in
first-class
this is cabin whatever cuz they have
like a little lemon what's it called a
wardrobe then you will have to check it
in and I was like what I can't it's
going to be in a garment bag I can't
really check it in and she was like well
there's no other option and I was kind
of like oh my god but someone told me I
was okay so we're gonna go to the
airport and see what happens
I think worst comes to worst we can
probably buy like a giant suitcase good
giant Becky's gonna go into first class
be like please please take your dress
this is harder and then basically
they'll have to say yes all the plane
work take off and then I'll just cry so
we're gonna take you guys on this
journey with us it's going to be weird
and it's going to be wonderful and I'll
probably cry I feel like crying
I've actually been crying really badly
this morning because of Whoopie I just
it's a stressful day but I'm going to be
home soon I'll get to see woofster and
yeah I've inscribing Mike like three
times a day so just to see her but yes
we will take you along with us we have
to check out now we're 27 minutes late
checking out of our hotel rooms I will
see you in a bit so we checked out
successfully guys and we are on our way
to the dress fitting so far so good got
some lunch got a cab as soon as we
walked out it's going smoothly so far am
i speaking too soon probably dress
mission accomplished gosh we've got
three cards got declined trying to pay
for it because they bought them and then
I got calls from fraud prevention saying
you try buy a wedding dress like yes
favorite um got dress now we've got to
get air for me airport when we wait week
with the time so we'll see what happens
okay here it is ha hmm so we're in the
cab and the designer on our way out from
picking up my dress gave us chocolates
delicious and very thoughtful but we
thought a bit strange giving bribes to
be chocolate be like just her dress
fitting now put on valleys now you good
if they'd gives us really nice tee piece
of fruit or something healthy like it no
I bought it and doesn't mean something
thanks for my advice a here's a banana
don't let dark chocolate roasted almonds
with lavender and they are rather
delicious that's really nice yeah we're
on our way sir for happy there's a dress
in the back look it's got his own three
seats or two seats lying down sorted
happy hello guys so I'm in the airport
right now and I didn't want to vlog with
Becky because I would definitely cry I
just wanted to update you with he has
taken a turn for the worse and is in
doggy hospital getting a broad blood
transfusion but fingers crossed
obviously I'm really worried leave them
cried on YouTube before but I'm going to
keep it that way it's looking good for
the dress and we just went to the desk
and there was a really horrible woman
was like well it takes up a whole bin
you're gonna have to check it and I was
like how am I gonna check this low it
will get ripped apart if you put it in
the hole she was like well you just have
to and the service manager like the
heads flight attendant just came over
and was like we'll get your dress
somewhere she was like we will find a
place because I obviously when you're
upset about something and someone is
like not very nice to you I just started
tearing up like as you can see now and
they all thought I was quite red so when
obviously I'm like whoopee
yeah probably one of the worst days um
but hopefully I'll be home we are on
plane now guys are actually about an
hour from London and luckily lovely
assistant
to my grasp as soon as I can
it was not a problem about our way
really worried about with me but I'm
just hoping that everything's okay
really frustrating not being able to
have my phone on it has an hour essence
genau
fingers crossed she is a big brave
strong doggie and
I'll keep you updated and you haven't
slept at all I'm spike my dad's and I'm
worried about to a spiky the turn out of
you can you put anyone know you left at
all
prettiest place yeah I hope so
I don't have an avatar a little bit ill
I'm in the bunker space they live really
long they live like 50 years
he's only born which is really
I've had no sleep two
so tired I've been editing and looking
around
but how many chats myself which parley I
was doing
hey guys so it's been over a day since I
last flogged I think I last vlogs on the
airplane just before I landed and I
wanted to make a video I wanted to make
sure I was kind of ready to film before
I actually filmed it as a lot of you
will know from Twitter I don't even know
when this video is going to go up
because quite frankly the idea of
editing it makes me not want to ever put
a jihad YouTube again if you know what I
mean um Wolfie is gone we lost her
really really sadly and I know it's
probably a shock to a lot of you guys I
can't actually remember how much I said
in my previous vlogs about what was
wrong with her so I'll start from the
beginning it's not a very long story
because she was only ill for about five
days last Sunday which is a week from
today Mike realized she wasn't herself
she was being quiet she wasn't running
for her ball like she always does like a
maniac um and she stopped eating so Mike
took her to the vet first thing on
Monday and they took some blood tests to
see what was wrong with her they
initially thought it was a virus um but
on Tuesday they found out she had
something called I am H a which is
basically a malfunction of her immune
system where it caused her immune system
to attack all of her red blood cells so
poor little Wolfie was running on half
the oxygen around her body that she was
used to so she was very lethargic she
was very tired at this point I was to
New York I was skyping like like three
times a day checking on her and to be
honest I thought she'd get better I
really did they gave her medicine they
gave her steroids to suppress her immune
system so that she could regrow her her
red blood cells and I've read a lot
about this disease online and to be
honest it didn't have a great prognosis
but because Wolfie was only four I
really still had hope that she would be
fine and that the drugs would work so on
Thursday she'd kind of got better and
worse between Tuesday and Thursday like
some days she'd be a bit brighter and
then in the afternoon she would be tired
again and Mike just thought that it was
you know part of the recovery but on
Thursday she got much worse and Mike to
go into the vet again and they gave her
a second drug to take at the same time
and to try and help really boost the
recovery um and then on Friday really
sadly she collapsed um and she she lost
these four back legs and she was really
poorly Mike took her to the vets
they gave her a blood transfusion to try
and up her red blood cells so that she
could help recover the vet was actually
amazing and took her home with her and
the vet slept on the kitchen floor with
air on Friday night just keeping an eye
on her on Thursday morning she was still
alive but she wasn't any better so the
vet advised us to take her to a
specialist clinic which we did which is
about an hour just over an hour from
where we lived so at this point I was on
a plane as soon as I landed I rang Mike
and he told me that this was what was
going to happen so my dad picked up from
the airport and drove me straight to the
specialist vet where Mike arrived about
five minutes before me I got to see her
she was like very kind of high on drugs
she didn't recognize me for a few
minutes but when she did she calmed down
she was quite scared when I walked into
the room she was looking around like she
didn't know what was going on because
obviously she she probably didn't um and
I laid out on the floor with her and I
told her not to be scared and I got to
say a little goodbye to her but then the
vets tried everything that they could at
that point they told us that when she
had collapsed she's actually had a
stroke which is why she lost the use of
her legs um and that when she fell it
also caused a little bit of internal
bleeding now it was only a small amount
of internal bleeding but because of the
problem with her blood she couldn't
actually recover so she couldn't fix it
inside her tummy so she had three
problems her blood the internal bleeding
and the stroke so essentially she was
fighting a battle against three things
and if it was really lovely and honest
with us he told us that she had a 1 in
10 chance
um but she was young so that's always on
his side and then throughout Saturday um
Mike and I went back to my parents we
didn't want to come here cuz we just
didn't want to be around
Paul has Stafford anyway so we went to
my parents and then we got a call in the
afternoon see she was a little bit
better but her heart was weak and her
heartbeat was inconsistent it was
struggling because it wasn't getting
enough oxygen and because her body had
had so much trauma that she was trying
to fix herself but a little heart
couldn't support it so he gave her some
drugs to help and said he would bring us
back that evening and then very sadly at
9:30 he rang us back and said that the
drugs had
worked and that she was going through
heart failure and he said this she'll
probably live for about half an hour
more um if we didn't put her to sleep
and he just said there was no chance of
her surviving and so we decided to put
her to sleep
and obviously we were quite far away
from the vet where she was so we didn't
get the chance to go say goodbye be with
her which was really sad
I don't even know if I were to put this
up because it's quite Barris hit cry
like this
on camera I mean a lot of people I know
will be you know it's a dog it's not
your child or your mom or your dad but
she was part of my family and quite
honestly I just I can't really believe
that she's gone I mean she was four
which is so young like so young for this
to happen and it happened so suddenly
a lot of my friends didn't actually
believe it when I told them today and
yeah it's been a really really hard
couple of days so I don't know when I'm
next killer vlog on here um I know I
haven't been daily vlogging in April
anyway I've been kind of logging as I go
along on my trip but um yeah this is
gonna be a big change to my life so I
add to my vlogs as well cuz you guys
know if he was in a lot of my vlog so I
don't really know um
what's gonna happen but I'll keep you
updated when I can I've got a few videos
that I've filmed when I was away that
will still be going up so I think I'm
gonna take a little bit of a break from
filming for I don't know a week or so
and I'll see you guys soon
I mean through all of this one of the
best things was the support that you
guys gave us on Twitter I actually can't
even believe last night how many tweets
we got my phone couldn't load them fast
enough and really honestly thank you
guys so much because it's really helped
us to have that support and to know that
you guys loved her so much I mean I
think she was probably one of the most
loved dogs in the world she had 10,000
followers on Twitter she had all of you
guys behind her every time I posted a
picture for an obscure it would be like
one of my most liked pictures and yeah I
just am so so sad that she's gone and
thank you for everybody for being so
supportive I'm sorry for being so blah
Blee I know in the grand scheme of
things
losing your pet is
the most important but it's hurt so much
and I was so sad that she's not here
anymore with us um I think Mike and I
will get another dog I don't know when
but it just leaves such a gap in our
life not having have here and I just I
think it'll be a big part of the process
of moving on to get another pet um but
yeah definitely let me know if you guys
have been through something similar what
you did in terms of getting another pet
and what you think I mean I've obviously
had dogs before family dogs but wolfy
was hard dog that we bought as a couple
when we first moved into this house
which is why coming back is been so hard
because you know we moved in with her
she's so much a part of this house it's
really really sad and obviously we're
moving house in the next month as well
so um I'm hopeful that we'll be able to
get a puppy or another dog to move in
with because the idea of moving in
without her is pretty hard um I just
that's pretty much all I got to say guys
was gonna be the longest vlog in the
world but um thanks again for your
support and VGC hi hello again guys so
Mike just came upstairs and he said he
wanted to be in the vlog as well um yeah
just wanted to say thanks guys
thanks for everything you've said done
um read me so yeah it's been really sad
sad day it's been tough so you guys have
made it so much better and you sent us
so many nice photos all right so many
nice memories that we've got over I'm
sure some someday soon love other little
bears that could kind of
share that kind of same love again but
they'll never replace that they'll bill
but you just want to say thanks
you're making me cry now
baby I still have a little kitty cat
here there no there's not much we can
say won't happen it's pretty tough but
most PTC guys buy
