good morning my friends today we are
still in New York obviously hasn't maybe
I'll see I was Becky and Ingrid ontology
at the back today we decided to come and
check out the Highline Park in New York
which if you don't know it is an old
railway line which they've turned into a
park
it's actually really long it goes on for
anything like 25 30 blocks but we've
just got onto it now and we're having a
little walk we're in the Meatpacking
District at the moment but I will keep
you updated with where we get to it's
Ingrid's last day she's leaving we still
have two more days but Ingrid's
abandoning us and going back to LA look
at that face
we're trying to convince these two to
come to England
yeah for sure
so hopefully June time maybe four I'm at
London yeah yeah I'll keep you updated
with the highlight in any way
in other news there's a battery add up
there he were in the jungle guys not
really there's some crazy like rusty art
thinker and I love this but um it's so
hot it's about half 11:00 now so it's
just reaching like the hottest point of
the day and it's suddenly like the
clouds have kind of the end of it and
it's got hacked he's maybe like 82 today
which is about 25 24
freakishly warm for this time there
anyway some cool step
and there's like a person that has you
know how it looks like as she looks like
Tyler Oakley it kind of could anyone
actually went a lot quicker than I
thought I thought it was like 20 and mr.
bender
actually isn't that many blocks cuz this
is 12 so it's almost 20 blocks
I was yeah we won't really know yeah it
didn't take very long I thought it was
gonna be longer than that but there we
go we're finished and they're doing some
kind of construction up there we're
headed to maybe get some sushi again
because we can't get enough sushi we ate
sushi last night I think we've had like
sushi 4 times something yep in three
days four days but um yeah Ingrid's last
meal so the sushi place was full so
we've ended up in the penguin City and
which isn't too much of an issue but we
wanted the sushi it's still good but
it's not as good I think I'm gonna get a
salad we're losing an integral member of
our team guys this is packed and
everything it's really dark in here this
is our hotel hallway was actually
staying at a place called the Milford
when I put this up we won't still be
here so please don't try and stalkers
kidding and it has this weird the wood
lift system where you have to press your
button and then it tells you what you
have to go to it does have this this
one's the weirdest look that's not
grounding up here sitting next to a sack
it's cool but like the lifts like
clothes on you it's like undergoing
renovation so the rooms are actually
quite modern but there's parts of the
hotel like this lift which is having art
deco yep so ingress going to get her car
now we're all just gonna sit and cry and
not do any shopping or anything fun so
sorry
she's waving up like window guys can you
see we need to shop in her my baby yeah
we need some sushi Bloomingdale's
so we are going into their big and I
forgot to show you guys my t-shirt
shopping is my cardio I bought it
yesterday love it and I'll get told off
filming in about three seconds so I
better go good
we're having a little tea break in
bloomingdales and I have the tastiest
muffin in the whole world
Lemon Poppyseed I'm sharing it with some
iced tea
Tati got a giant I'll go for the
unhealthy option but AC you can try it
try it right
I wanna see your reaction
in the good what do you think yeah put
some sugar in it so we are going in the
lift we're gonna lift outfit of the day
this is a challenge I am wearing my
mobile leather jacket my wild Fox top
that says shopping is my cardio and
wearing a skirt from angle my black
boots and my Rebecca we put back Becky
is wearing rumor I'll in fact no idea
where that's from Cesaro jacket Pandora
bracelet ladies target Michael Kors
Express and these at home oh yeah we are
going out for dinner and one of my
favorite restaurants which is called
spice market in Chelsea and the girls
come in there before so I'm hoping
they're like it's kind of like an Asian
fusion it's really good and we're really
hungry I think I've logged in there last
year but it's really dark so it's kind
of like hard to see but I will try and
show you where it is guys this is spice
market it's taste its food time guys we
have seafood laksa which is delicious I
mean this before has like concentrate a
minute Oh broccoli
we have green vegetable curry which I've
also had before is delicious
and we have some more food coming but it
isn't here yet we're gonna eat this now
and I'll update you soon this is the
aftermath of the mecha meal guys it
looks like a green slime has attached
itself to my plate he's struggling with
her last here's the chicken as well with
finally came and Sachi was really late
and we're struggling to get through it
tardy is she's working - working on it
the rain has hit in New York guys it's
like monsoon right now we came back to
Times Square to do a little bit of
midnight shopping forever 21 is open
till 2:00 a.m. in Times Square so we're
like hey why not
and it's like torrential rain has been
world weather for the last two days like
really hot it's coming down
tattoos got a problem look at those toes
it's not good hands going crazy the rain
is coming down to get a cab it is like a
zombie horde trying to jump in cabs any
free cab right now is like actually
fighting to get in the cab every single
cab is like that like hard to get in so
we are headed to Feb 21 it's only a
little bit further but we do a bit of
midnight shopping yeah bring online and
it was like it's cool I think we've
experienced New York in like every
single climate this last three days
really it was hot out today this is
tragic we really not gonna lie we
missing ribs because she would have
loved this not know we do miss her but
she would not have liked this so there
we go
I feel like we're nearly there I can see
I can see it can you slaughter guys can
you see it there it is it's 11 o'clock
and we're shopping in forever 21
drenched this is it the mecca of
midnight shopping almost midnight
shopping
here we are guys
home sweet home room we've all got a bit
of hair frizz and tired eyes going on
forever 21 was really fun and she didn't
end up buying anything at all it was we
left at half past 12
it says nearly one o'clock in the
morning now Baxter
got a few things tarsi got a few things
as well but I'm sure you'll see a haul
from them
we're all gonna hit the hay now and get
some Kip because we're getting up early
tomorrow to film some videos and I need
some sleep I'm so tired
look at us we're both like crazy monsoon
rain in New York we will see you guys
very soon I don't know if I'm gonna do
another vlog from New York so I may well
see you either at home or on the way
home but I hope you guys all having an
amazing day and I will see you soon
