good morning everybody we're in New York
it's Becky
Tata's here and miniature Ingrid we are
on our way to IMAX it's Sunday morning
we are slightly late because we had a
power outage because we were using too
many hair dryers for girls in one room
what are we gonna do
and yeah so we're on our way to I'm at
an hour and a half later than we
expected but we're gonna get there and
have some fun it's a beautiful day it's
actually really warm too I might I over
dress for sure
thank you dressing room but yeah we'll
see you at eight oh here it is guys we
finally found as loads of awesome people
here okay okay I can film there right
we're going over here apparently we're
desperately seeking out happy photo
brushes and we don't know where they are
that's like a crazy like wow there's
some boobs then there's her back oh yeah
this is I'm up I don't look like empty
this year it's a little different from
the year before but yeah searching we
found him guys we found guys we got
lashes it was very fun and I like don't
wear them very tight whenever I first
put them on I'm like there we go we just
come out if I'm at so it would it was
awesome we met so many cool people took
so many pictures with cool people and
bought some cheeky makeup purchases oh
we are on a mission to find food now
because we are famished as a party how
was your first IMAX experience Peck to
get amazing awesome stuff you monster I
know I couldn't stop by fine food we're
by a massive cruise ship by the way look
at that huge so we found somewhere to
eat
where are Shane a place called Asian
kitchen which is just up the street from
our hotel and we have ordered some tasty
Asian food I find it like is it just
agent fusion like you know many
different types of Asian fusion but they
have mochi ice cream
did you order some I got some and I have
this iced tea which is peach iced tea
and it's super tasty I am so thirsty and
tired and I have big fake eyelashes this
one is kind of coming off a little bit
look how tasty my food looks guys yeah
these are weird though they're emerald
prawns they're like rats and spinach but
it makes them green looking very solid
on a big plate I just wanna like click
widget well hello everyone again we are
now in Times Square look at all of us in
the same shot that's cool we it's about
eight o'clock at night and we're going
shopping city didn't never sleeps even
on a Sunday as Sally just said was it
yeah I was like was it back here I can't
remember delirious after IMATS but it
was very cool anyway this is what it
looks like right now I think we're gonna
hit up Sephora maybe look at the Sephora
goodness guys I'm just loving the not
being able to shop so we're leaving
Sephora over an hour later feeling
decidedly lighter in the pocket area we
all bought lots of stuff
what and now we're going to get dessert
and we don't know where we're just gonna
we're gonna find something tasty and
sweet we're on a mission to find Tasti
D'Lite which apparently was in Sex in
the City
so we are going to try to find it but oh
there it is it is done look
find NY souvenirs we're gonna eat some
yo is it yoga or is it ice cream it's so
let's see I'm so quiet and just like
this pieman they're not very sexy
fireman but there they are
what are we gonna order look guys let's
go find out
Nutella flavored yogurt with peanut
butter and caramel hell yeah so we're
heading back to the hotel now we're a
little bit tired
mrs. Ptolemaic Tollison he has got sore
feet she wore high heels whoops I was
determined to Heather
they had a delicious I well you know you
may be tall but you're uncomfortable
I'm not worried so yeah we're gonna call
it a night
that'd probably be it for the vlog had a
great time I max had some tasty food
food first in New York a success and we
will see you very soon
goodbye
