hello guys and welcome back to LA I'm
actually chillin at the Grove right now
don't know it waiting for Ingrid we're
actually meeting up and grabbing some
lunch and doing a little bit of shopping
before my meter which I'm really excited
about that and then perhaps as well so
yeah I'm just singing the sunshine
waitif Ingrid and we are going on a
mission to find some frozen yogurt but
on our way to this mission we have√°--
to the farmers market and found a whole
shop of hot sauce it's so much hot sauce
I can't even begin to tell you there's
wet part which was English favorite
orange Krush megasaur ass
punk-ass so hold if I think that's
really quite a great cover that I have
not won no look at this one ass blue
light my fire
school a cname look at my paint Barry
guys I got key lime Kiwi mango and mochi
and it is good and Ingrid got a
chocolate feast yeah what is it that's I
love flavor yeah and then strawberries
raspberries mango and then the chocolate
awesome good flavors um I don't say look
at these cookies
world's biggest cookies with a red one
hello guys so I'm back at Ingrid's
apartment out it's actually quite a lot
later there's the Panda there's ribs and
here is following me around being like
wow me like how are you I don't know you
I don't trust you get out of my house
he's like now sniffing around my luggage
he's like I'm just we just went out for
dinner
and in the same restaurant favorites
like Anand and tell him tell him we saw
in the same restaurant John Mayer Bruno
Mars going to the bathroom yeah well we
didn't see you no we didn't say taking a
week on the way and Ashton Kutcher and
Natalie Imbruglia I don't know whether
to include NASA in video because it's
not quite as impressive as Hillary but
it was amazing and we're literally
sitting opposite John Mayer and we were
like me and Ingrid were like we can't
like hear him talking it was like not on
the same table but like in the next
table offers it asked me like it was
really cool yeah I felt very la right
we're so analysis services in here just
doesn't happen in London yeah it was
very cool we are heading to bed now but
tomorrow we are going to look around the
set of Pretty Little Liars which is
really exciting I'm probably gonna have
it as the same vlog so because they
didn't film that much today but we'll
see you in a little while in the same
vlog but it'll be tomorrow bye hello
everyone I'm here with Ingrid in Studio
City or the guys in Starbucks loved your
name
the loudest truck in the world as well
right now we are going to meet tarty
nikki and rachel lunch before we head
off to the Pretty Little Liars tour and
we just saw one of the kids from
Twilight
that is itting with this jambo juice
it's quite cool I don't think I've ever
seen so many celebrities in 24 hours I
was like this really cool very la style
and normally I never see anything when
I'm in LA
this is amazing so yeah we're gonna go
and grab some lunch it's a very very
nice day it's nice and warm out here
because why is it warmer it's like
inland like keeps up oh we can cross
we'll see you later good morning
everybody it is actually Thursday
morning now not Wednesday morning
because yesterday I started the vlog as
I promised saying that we were gonna go
to Priscilla's but we actually couldn't
film at all within the studio so ingress
here it was sad wasn't it yeah I wish we
could have shown you guys because it was
really really cool we got to go into all
the girls bedrooms and see kind of
behind the scenes but we couldn't take
any pictures or film so we don't have a
Pretty Little Liars to offer you today
however we are going to Venice Beach and
we're gonna walk we're going to Venice
some walking Santa Monica yeah or is
that bit far yeah we have this great
idea ingress like let's go biking right
let's go all the way along the beach go
to Santa Monica for lunch and then we
realized in green hours a mini and I can
vouch for the fact that bikes don't fit
in many of these so yeah we're just
gonna walk along the beach and then do a
little bit of shopping in Santa Monica
on Third Street Promenade which is my
most favorite place to shop in LA we
were having this conversation yesterday
like when is the best place to shop in
LA and that's my favorite there it goes
look at him he's been terrorizing me
he's like every morning in bed so far
nugget is the world's craziest cat like
actually crazy he does the craziest
weird things but he's cause he's just
missing my foot now I think he likes me
though he keeps on like when we come in
at night he like follows mirror
like okay now good he gets into bed with
me and I last night we had a bit of a
cuddle and yesterday morning he liked
when I let him out of my room he was
just like boom pounced on my bed
he's a good so a career that I are
currently walking along Abbot Kinney in
Venice it's like the coolest story ever
he has my new favorite place to shop
Ingrid just made some sneaky purchases
sure you'll be seeing a whole point in
the near future but it's really cool
down here there's like loads of little
boutiques really overpriced like there's
a lot of foam like looking here oh hi
there's loads of like home wear stuff
but it's like $200 for a cake stand that
isn't antique or anything just and they
had like 500 yeah kind of an interesting
thing but it's so cool for browsing like
especially for the states because I feel
like there are so like most of the
shopping areas are like very chain story
so it's quite nice to have like loads of
boutique this is cool on Ellen I like
that sparkly jacket it's probably 10,000
bucks
we saw the coolest it's like oh my god
the coolest one yeah it was a French map
of Europe but it was like multicolored
pastel and it was $400 we were like
maybe a sushi place now where what was
it wabi-sabi it's closed only open in
the evening we're headed to a place
called lemonade now for some lunch
scientists like
I'm currently vlogging from Avery's
iPhone we are here in the Panda mini
yeah vlogging on the Panda phone we just
went to a party and were that much late
wasn't really a party was it was like
drinks and we were so late that we were
there for like five minutes and left but
we did see Nicky and Dan which was nice
and said goodbye to them so I'm not
going to see them till August it's
actually not that long way four months
isn't that long when you live on the
other side of the world anyway
we are now headed to Best Buy to buy a
vlogging camera because I've decided
that I am atrocious and I really need to
actually use the camera instead of a
phone you guys have been on at me about
it for a while and I know my vlogs are
bad quality so we're gonna improve them
and we're gonna buy a vlogging camera
which is called as they're cheaper in
the States as well so I thought I may as
well buy one here also Ingrid and
there's a lot more about cameras than I
do so I figured I may you know take this
opportunity was in with her but how
could I buy this awesome sushi
restaurants where you take shoes off I'm
sitting floor as Ingrid and we're
waiting for boys
which is literally like I was like I'm
like father in a lot fell and David look
at the sushi hello again everybody so we
just got back from the tastiest sushi
ever and now I'm in bed with no makeup
on in my pajamas and I remembered to
finish my vlog which I have been really
bad at this whole trip because we've
been so busy that I've been so tired
every night I've just been like straight
away but I will see you all very soon
and Ingrid probably doesn't wanna be
shown in her pajamas but she's waving
and saying goodbye
