hello guys so this is a very first time
I am filming on my new camera and I'm
hoping it looks good you guys may or may
not be aware of some of the camera
issues that I've had over the past few
months I would sound with focus with
lighting so I thought enough is enough
I'm going to upgrade and I have just
bought a Sony I don't even know what
it's called hang on
okay so it's a Sony rx100 Mark 4 and I'm
hoping it's going to be good so hard to
know which vogue camera to go for
because previously I've been using the
canon g7x which I loved until I had
issues with the found but the focus has
always been an issue with the g7 axes I
had them up to one as well the sounds
has really been causing problems over
the past few months so I decided I'm
just going to go for it and try
something new and I've never had a Sony
before so we will see how this go so
today I am at home actually afternoon
now but I'm filming all morning and I
finally feel like I am back on top of my
video schedule as you guys know I was
ill last week and I missed two filming
days and therefore I've been having to
kind of like make them up I'm going away
on holiday to South Africa the weekend
so like Sunday night and I wanted to get
everything pre films and everything done
before I go because it is a personal
holiday I wanted it to be like free from
work I'm still going to do a little bit
of work off in there but I'm excited
about that I'm not like having to film
like a video every other day so yeah I
wanted to pre film some content and I
had handled out like really carefully
and then I got ill and it ruined
everything
hopefully I said I come back on track
and in control of my life which is
always a good feeling and I'm now I can
hear the defeat I can hear little feet I
hear your little feet hello little feet
what are you doing huh what's going down
anything exciting No so yeah I finally
fell back in control
my life and very happy about it and
today I've been catching up I filmed
three videos I've written a blog post
with editing photos that I took during
Fashion Week and doing a few other bits
and bobs admin wise which been good and
I've just made myself a little coffee
because I need a caffeine boost it's
like 7:30 and I wear my pajamas already
oh sorry sorry cat we've got the fire
rod you don't like you're feeling better
MDF feeling better a little bit and we
have some lasagna and garlic bread and
that it was my update I feel like today
has just been a pretty boring vlog
because I basically just been doing
boring admin all day and then I'm so
tired now because this week has been
really manic I've got to get up super
early tomorrow as well because I'm
heading down to London for the Brit
which I'm just a little bit excited
about it's a little bit but yes I'm
packing up all my stuff Alyssa now so
we've just finished watching you didn't
tell me about Louie through documentary
on Scientology which was actually very
interesting / terrifying wasn't it and
now we are watching Walking Dead whoop
its back its back its back this one is
so much less daunting you must be going
brother
oh no my old cameras Canon why the chase
you show me just thought I would try it
out see if it's any better than the
Canon they interesting I wonder if I can
hold the whole battery in again you know
you like it
hi chosen the lucky yo but you can
charge it in USD so use a plug it
straight into local mess involving them
hello pinky hello pinky and is Foster
there's anything it's like asking it
it's pretty quick it's perfect
I'm so happy that I get to cuddle this
one a moment she's so good Lillian if it
might bring the bad news you know what's
that I wanna go to bed no no yes finish
watching walking down Josh says I'm
tired
nobody could happy so I'm just getting
ready for bed I'm about taking all my
makeup off and I want her to do a little
experiment with these things it won't
have gone up yet but I'm about to do a
beauty haul on my main channel and one
of the things I go there the spoiler
here but one of the things like Aziz
which are course rx blackhead silk
finger balls they're Korean but they're
basically like these natural cocoon all
things you soak in water and then you
use them as like black hair to live all
like wash the finger will and running
water after use and dry completely
should be a 2/3 times oh you can use
increase me time age how interesting
placing what an indexing base like soak
them for a few minutes and then you
won't rub them on your nose let's try
this very weird so this is what an
individual one looks like quite creepy
looks like it came out of an alien or
something but let's do this okay
watermark
come on the water and then soak it more
kind of instantly gets a bit softer see
and you leave it for a few minutes I
mean this is where it just feels like
it's scrubbing the things you try but
then apparently you just rinse it off
under running water like that like
inflate it back up again with squash
there and then dry it pretty weird I'm
going to leave it on the windowsill to
dry so that is one of the strangest
Beauty things I've tried having said
that my nose does feel exceptionally
smooth right now I think it's a good
exfoliator I just don't know if it's
actually legitimately like clear that
your blackened we shall see I'm going to
bed now sorry it's been a fairly short
vlog there so like I've just been doing
a lot of admin so hasn't been too
exciting but I'm gonna watch the rest of
Walking Dead which is amazing anyone
else's watched the episode the first
episode they had back where they
basically use the cars to do something
epic if you guys know what I'm talking
about
let me know in the comments but it was
pretty awesome means of zombie killing
but yeah I'll see you guys in the
morning
Brits day tomorrow and yeah excited to
share that all with you and see this
nice
