hey guys so I am actually in California
now I know I didn't vlog when I was
traveling because I was basically in a
plane for around 16 hours or something
crazy I got a flight from the Bahamas to
Orlando and then I had like a six hour
layover and then I flew to LA and I
would Mikey it's like the best friend
ever because she's ill at the moment and
she came out last night went down to
pick me up from the airport at nine
o'clock and it was amazing and now we're
going to church because to Sunday I'm
actually really excited it's the first
time I've ever been to church any days
and I'm not out like hugely religious I
go to church a little bit but I don't go
every week I might set on fire when we
go in there maybe for not good but I'm
super excited oh my yeah American Church
is very different English shirt we are
very serious and traditional and formal
and I'm like really looking forward to
going to church with Nicky because I've
seen your eating a vehicle driving Shh
I've seen like you know when you tweet
like hey come and watch Church I've
actually watched it before and been like
oh my god this is amazing there's like
guitars
shirt sessions great actually we just
drove past it with my charges super cool
so that's what we're doing and then who
knows what else we're gonna be doing
also if you guys watch Nicky's channel
or follow her on Instagram you know she
is like a demon for tea
I'm drinking Nicky's tea right now well
this is my one but it's the tea that she
gets every day and I feel I feel so
Phillipi right now it is good feisty
like unsweetened iced tea you normally
tastes good right I'm gonna go now and
eat my bagel before we get search but I
will see you a bit later and then we go
guys so we just got out of church which
was awesome cool experience totally
totally different to English church like
beyond like comparison it was crazy
I'm here Dan everyone was done it was a
me and there was fire in the church
there were no snakes but everyone was
dancing and clapping I'd like to think
it was like it was cool and happy take a
bite
yes oh my gosh
hey guys so it's a bit later now and we
have just got ready to go to Cole's
birthday party she's having a 90's
themed party so we all have 90s outfits
on I was kind of limited because
obviously I had what I brought with me
but I have a little waist not going on
and a little skirt Nikki has a cute
actually how I like dress down on the
other hand has gone this is what they
wore when they got arrested
they're usually drunk just walked out
saved by the world you do it's amazing
we could assure super smelly shoes hey
guys
what's so nineties right now we're at
cloud 19 birthday party we think we look
at the top we're trying to find out what
is the tastiest we need to eat from the
19th County table so if you guys let us
know what's your favorite
tattoos always good but should this
stuff we didn't have in England they
have the song yesterday you always be
like my videos you like yeah ok I'm good
check out who else also by mm you
actually is good everyone else who's
really sketchy that's good it's that's
really close just about hello wow you're
famous germs I was just gonna say bye
bye Sam pepper me and Nikki are just
watching a bit of no doubt and just
really appreciating went too far I know
she was so cool so we were just thinking
how she just is who she is and just does
it so like even when you look back at
really old videos it's so really cool
it's awesome enough yeah it's not like
oh let's do a wall and we just won the
quiz
the prize was pokemon cards oh so I gave
it to Megan yeah we gave you some Megan
we're such good friends I wasn't really
like I don't know it's too old for him I
don't know
she gave her pokemon cards away oh yeah
you won't in like two minutes moving on
yeah like you did ever thought it was
good and she gave her cards to Megan I
just had to show you guys as well this
poster in hello party this Buffy poster
I had the exact same one and I dressed
up as Buffy in this outfit for Halloween
one year look at that really so I never
finished my vlog last night how rude of
me
we actually got back pretty late from
Khalil's well I wasn't that late we got
stuck in traffic didn't we I was kind of
dozing in the back of the car as well
Mickey was poorly so we had to leave a
little earlier and I think I slept in I
couldn't go
did we so not that late at all really
but yeah it is that's like in the
morning at home
what are they can I eat one Z I just
love the packaging what is that I was a
sucker for packaging - it was it organic
I'm doing like a close-up of your boobs
that cuz I'm okay that works
Organic hard candy I will say granite
nectarine hy one yeah they're not like
no one amazing but they're pretty good
they sell them at you know that place
I'm addicted to eat oh yeah they sell
them next to the register okay
one-handed its clout to get him to turn
okay it might be a better okay I got it
out I got it out that's what it looks
like
what would you give back I mean to be
honest I'd probably go like five yeah
maybe a sixth that's okay there's purple
carrots in this sour which I like I like
sour sweets it's not super yeah and
there's black carrots no weird
mmm black carrots okay very tasty well
it's probably gonna be it for the vlog
today guys because well for yesterday's
vlog technically now but if you guys are
in the LA area I'm gonna be doing a
meet-up tomorrow
I know this is quite last-minute to
actually be mentioning on my channel
what I've mentioned it a lot on Twitter
and also I put an annotation yesterday's
video so because I'm kind of behind with
uploading my vlogs from the rest of the
trip because I only had internet for
like half of it but yeah if you are
based in LA come and meet me we're gonna
be at the Grove at 5 p.m. tomorrow which
is Tuesday the 2nd of April Ingrid is
gonna be there Nicky's probably not
gonna be there she's stinky well that's
the real reason because I'm stinky
she's Pauly so she's not gonna be there
but Ingrid will be there and I would
love to meet you guys if you're based in
LA come and say hi and hang out we're
gonna meet I think by the fountain like
right in the middle yeah
come say hi and I will see some of you
there and I will vlog it too so I will
see you tomorrow
