hey guys so it's day three in the
Bahamas and today I'm here with former
gang or some of the gang and we are on
our way to see some dolphins which I'm
very excited about I'm logging on the
GoPro today because I thought dolphins
are probably best seen in a very wide
angle so we'll switch you with us and I
hope you enjoy the ride I'm trying to go
down steps and talk at the same time
it's quite technical ah and there's open
cafeteria where the fish ah can I see
them Oh in there I can see a tail oh
yeah me this is gone
this is a crime scene
do they ever get fresh like not frozen
like live no they would love that though
right we wouldn't want to do that
because you never know the fish were
happy
so with this it allows us to make sure
that the fish are cool
I'm going to see baby driver NASA look
again one of them was born on Monday
which is like four days ago I think
that's big we are all birth is normal to
see all this with each other that one's
huge
how big are they when they're born
they're normally about 25 pounds okay
it's a pretty big we gonna get some fish
does the baby eat that you see those are
my baby bumpers okay over baby
basically what you see there a small
party cuz he eats your camera today baby
I was it girls
happy we're gonna be a sea lion god oh
my go for a round out of battery so the
one time I bring it out wasn't fully
charged blonde look at him this guy is
who we gonna meet are you gonna kiss it
oh hell yeah girl I wanna kiss you ready
oh oh you pick up I'm worked
I'm telling mine yeah boy yeah it's
really cliche just anyway Oh friend
everyone must know petting we're on get
in
no too busy do we got a traffic jam
Hannity freebie right now it's so Henry
he's got more hair than Jewish fur yeah
and now like a dog the it'll come off
these the only molt once a year I'm just
chilling on the beach right now guys it
is such a beautiful day
check out the open I just don't know how
the water is so blue it's just so blue
and amazing and I am going to some babe
now well hello there lovely people Joey
and I are just getting ready to go out
for a delightful meal with everybody
birthday we are it's Jimmy's birthday
which is very exciting because Jimmy's
kind of been like the dad this trip
don't you think he's like been
organizing everything so cool it's been
really good getting so Jimmy and Megan
actually because I didn't really know
them for a name at once so yeah we're
going out for dinner for Jimmy's
birthday to a steak house and I burnt my
nose today and I hope you guys can't see
because I tried to cover it up and
that's about all I have to say I've had
a nice day chilling on the beach I had
lots of good chats with Ingrid because
she was chilling with me Joey was been
doing challenges that's right lots and
lots of chests what did you do today you
went down water slides water slides
built some mermaids in the sand and rock
sand thing not only did you do that but
you got a smooch from a sea lion oh yeah
highlight of the day heck yeah I think
my highlight of the day was seeing the
dolphins I really want to swim with them
no they were really sweet
oh my goodness with it happy birthday
everyone else is getting ice cream right
now and we thought we were just coming
to the candy shop opposite look at all
this so many sweets look at how to get a
section look at all the sweeties what
the hell are these they look like you
should not eat them they're like
metallic they look scary fantastic way
to those candy lips it I love pops it
weighs how deep does it go down not
ready it goes down
daddy Joey Graceffa is wasting a dollar
right now you gambling monkey what are
you doing I just won okay go Joey go
welcome
I don't think you won
well that sucks that was fun we're in
the casino right now where's Jimmy's
birthday so he is gonna be playing craps
he's a little craps craps with a P I
think this is what a casino looks like
in here it's pretty cool no booze over
there but it was fully booked we
couldn't get in the whole time boo we
are probably going to end it there for
today or I am winter yeah and we will
see you tomorrow policy it is day two in
the Bahamas des fleurs Joey yeah going
on
