it is day two in the Bahamas Joey yeah
going on an adventure right well not
really we're going to the lobby to meet
Tanya and Jim and great news today the
sun is shining you can't see that it's
super windy but there are limited clouds
in the sky yesterday was like totally
overcast so we are happy yeah we are now
on our way to the lazy river apparently
I'm not entirely sure what you do on the
lazy river just let it roll let it will
come out I thought I'm just falling down
sound is just taking a shorts off as you
do on the go but yeah well you know hunt
down the lazy river stroking the
stingrays I want to do that probably
comes $5,000,000 thing guys look at
these creepy sharks they look so scary
then ass sharks there they look like
they just they just chilling sucking
sound they make when consuming their
prey where they got their name from
facing us yeah hey Joey you want a good
look at the beach guys how amazing it
looks I think it's like the bluest see
I've ever seen in my entire life and
it's so today hey guys so I am back in
my hotel room right now I'm sharing with
Joey which you guys probably know from
previous vlogs but we are just getting
ready to go out for dinner we are headed
out to a place called Virgil's barbecue
which actually looks really cool it's
one of the nicer restaurants here we
managed to get like a lot of free food
alright guys I was just telling
everybody about Jimmy Wong's yeah it
wasn't going to sound but yeah Jimmy
Wang managed to wangle a lot of free
food for us Jimmy Wang Gaudet and yeah
we are excited to go eat
and I will see you in but your dress
looks nice time can I show fron your
dress
where's it from let's turn around let's
turn around very nice Prada handbag
shoes from very nice and I am wearing
this evening a top from Ralph Lauren a
skirt from River Island no shoes yep and
I'm wearing my flip-flops and then my
recommend coffe bag and that is it but
I'm going eat food
everybody's a little bit sunburned
Joey was sunburned today really bad even
you not good guys I think I burnt my bum
a bit Tonya's forehead is like a shining
beacon of redness not good you should
get tanning again Jim see you later guys
check out this fountain it have like 50
flying fish in it I've never seen a real
flying fish but those ones look cool
we're in a barbecue restaurant right now
and the starters arrived we're getting
fat in the post either solid crab cakes
what a diving
we have a whole other meal coming so the
Mane's of arrives that's a lot of food
cuz I was like be getting it up at this
end of the table and yeah meat meat
means I'm sommore me so we ate a lot of
barbecue tonight I don't think I've ever
eaten so much barbecue in my life and we
are now in bed me and Joey are oh so
sociable there he is with his laptop
there is me with my laptop and tomorrow
we are going to see dolphins which I'm
you're gonna kiss one I don't know if
what I should be able to do that but we
have like a VIP tour of the dolphin kay
Atlantis so that's what wheeling
tomorrow and until then I will see you
next time
