hey guys we're going to the Bahamas
we're in the Apple right now it's like
11 a.m. and we're getting some lunch
because why not everything good in Luke
everyone else here yeah I want a hat I'm
gonna buy a hat this whole day yeah Joey
always looks good I felt lost my in like
a sheet mask me and Todd's you were like
we go to bed like Jason Jason Aker we're
rolling in luxury first Dame Atlantis
we're in the casino right now at 11:00
a.m. we're just walking through the
casino we're going to the beach Joe
every which way is it to the beach I
don't know do you not know that they
have this weird Beach thing in here yeah
I bet it's pretty well do you think it's
not really very sunny today man we're
going in the sea oh my god is it cold
it's like the color of your hair
that sense it out guys yeah it's really
cold not very good we buried the boys
alive we awesome after dinner I scream I
just walked out really close I got some
pumpkin pie some nuts and some cinnamon
cereal
punch me all the way cinnamon cereal
swell Ingrid what did you get I have
chocolate peanut butter swirl and chunky
monkey all good stuff angry was about to
spread out we nearly missed it we nearly
missed fuzzy time we walked through the
door and they changed it to closing yeah
it was like she's scary trust me
