check out my pancakes where'd I hope
that I got the cinnamon roll pancake
they don't make stuff like this in
England ever anyway how'd I got this -
just because you know that's how they
roll like that
oh wait who's that I think that's been
Harry's do you do you - no I don't
I'm here with Zoey we are shopping
funnily enough the first time ever were
taking Zoe and Jack and Finn who we
think will be posed to boys for J Crew
like our iconic style looking up shake
it
oh it will be tumblr that by week a the
Finns shaking my ass out to English I'm
cool you know well you know I'm
practicing my sex line voice all right
we're going in to take root and it's
raining so it hey guys I am in downtown
Disney right now with
and we are just having some cocktails in
souvenir classes they're less at the
t-rex cafe or something like that we
have dinosaurs going on
we got a t-rex here laughter that we
have it's a big ice cave this diner
rocky this diner option I want to see
you guys and see one with recycled I
would teach you guys a song that I wrote
and your part goes like this
hello guys it is Sunday and playlist
live
I'm here with spring so it Tanya we are
waiting to go and do a meet-up yay
awesome and anything else going on
anything exciting saw the sheet so the
Shaytards I'm like and the kids as well
not just they make you go do you do that
to them when you met them did you what
did you say yeah I was supposed to get
off of the ground floor got off at 5th
floor thinking it was ground floor and
they were all blogging the family and I
walked out and went oh I'm on the wrong
floor wait so you didn't meet them you
just just I just went just said oh I saw
Logan first I'm so tired
what happened me back to you my day was
made my life was made grace how they
asked for my phone number
hey grace you can have my hand in
marriage if you want what'd she say and
I just said that in my head I just went
oh eight going in to the meetup via some
backstage junk area
we go men oh hey guys so I'm back in the
apartment now we've just been over to
watch The Amazing Race with Joey and
Megan if you don't know already my
friend Joey and his friend Megan are in
the Amazing Race in the States and I
haven't been able to watch it until now
so it's really cool to actually be part
of their like viewing party they have
every week's like they all get together
and watch them on the show so we got to
go and do that and now I'm back in the
apartment it's our last night and I
thought I would do a bit of an apartment
tour because I haven't done one yet
Niki and down have actually gone home
now they had to go home last night so
it's just me and Tati on our own in the
apartment here's our room as you've seen
this already
she's like curled up on the bed and
we're gonna put on face masks in a
minute so I'll show you that after the
tour because it's gonna be scary we're
gonna do sheet masks I think yeah so
yeah this is our room it has two beds
I'm packing as you can see look at this
crazy mess going on right there and then
that's touch it's bad yeah all of all of
your stuff is still in there yeah so we
have like a TV which hasn't been turned
on we've spent like limited time in here
because it's been so crazy we've been
like back to sleep I'm not saying but
it's a really cool apartment we have a
bathroom in here with a mirror there's
me hello I actually have pajamas on
undermines like hey why don't my vlog
have a bathroom in here which is quite
small but does the job we also have here
I like a little hallway and we have this
cool plant look oh hey it's a plant and
we also have like a full-on laundry in
here which you can't season it satellite
on we have like an ironing board and a
full-on like washer and dryer I'm gonna
turn the camera around so it's better
quality because you guys need to see the
apartment in HD yes and this is like the
rest of the apartment is what we have
like the dining room area the kitchen
and then we have like a so far it looks
like super like flash and flash but
because they were
Orvis saying here watch out like really
cheap sigh it's amazing a lot of TV and
then in here was when Nicki and down was
saying which is like the honeymoon suite
it's actually really really nice like I
think that that TV and then the jacuzzi
tub which I think Nicky and Danny's I'd
like we didn't go in it but and then
here's the bathroom they have like a
sink there have like a special like
makeup station and then there's like a
full like wardrobe with length Mariners
and then another bathroom in here really
cool anyway that is the room that we've
been staying in and yeah I'm really sad
playlist to be over I've had such a
great time I met so many people I'm
excited to go to the Bahamas tomorrow
we're leaving first thing in the morning
and Khalil Megan and Jimmy Ashley all
coming with us which I didn't know until
we got here so I'm really excited that's
actually give me 9 of us so excited for
that and yes we're gonna put on a face
mask now this is um my look of the day
I'm looking for a sexy Tata is looking
even more feel like we're in Texas
Chainsaw Massacre oh what's the one
what's the one with them Friday 13th is
it with oh I know it's Halloween with
the guy with the mask but I saw hockey
masks it's kind of different to this
mask doesn't have the facial benefits in
the nose but do you not like do you not
use the nose bit it's like flipped up
mines in mines in two parts
this mask eyes is an aster lift mask
which I actually got given a sample of
their ten pounds like $15 10 pounds mask
so I better look like seriously amazing
once the tapers off because makes you
look like a snake right this is actually
really creepy because you can't see any
of my top lip
all right I'm gonna call it a day guys I
had an awesome time at playlist live
going to the Bahamas tomorrow and I'm
gonna take you with me I will see you in
the morning
goodbye on YouTube
not American
