so guys is my first morning in Florida
and I woke up at like 4:30 so I've been
kind of like ready for ages and I just
rang Tania and she's been up for ages to
all the LA guys are like jet LAG's the
other way around because they're coming
three hours back we're going four hours
no we're going four hours back they're
going three hours forward so I'm going
to meet Tanya for a coffee it is
actually like a really nice blue sky but
it's really cold like I'm wearing like a
jackal teams like pretty much whatever
we're at home is quite chilly but yeah
see I'm like totally lost my voice from
last night crazy crazy crazy I have to
say it's gonna be so cool there's so
many youtubers here and it's crazy as
well because there's so many British
youtubers here which is really cool
because so many of the guys I haven't
met whilst I was in England I'm actually
meeting them in America weirdest thing
ever but it's awesome we are just
ventured across to CBS to get some cough
medicine for me and we try to cross this
crazy road the guy at the airport like
yeah it's far into cross what this is
like crossing the m1 is actually like
we're on a You Tube bus man jam like
cool in the back
oh yeah and we're going to Harry Potter
land it's a gate once can you buy can
you buy hack myself that would speak to
you what what do you most want to buy
I'm not the one I wanted like I want I
want them to I wanted to be sparkling
dream I don't know if they do that it's
like tempted by one Universal gyms you
two told
yeah my universe uh what happy things
happen everything mom hey guys we're in
Jurassic Park right now I'm with cloud
and we're gonna get wet on the ride
Oh are they wet oh I think it's one of
those things you have to sit in the
right seat yeah I be I think I've heard
that this ride ends with like you a
t-rex like eats you really you go into
like this yeah that's good yeah I don't
want to go in that that smell pretty
much every single person is vlogging on
this boat right now
I'm gonna drop my caffeine well that was
anticlimactic
I mean young ass cheats us I mean what a
great start to the division so I'm
sitting here with old ass cheeks oh you
missed out on the dinosaur rights all
right sounded like a bit man like I
could make some extra money doing sex
lines or something like that
hey baby I think I need a bit more
practice like to know what I'm wearing
yeah so we're just singing the Sun
because everyone else has come for a
week
yeah everybody went apart from me and
Fleur true story so now we're saying
like in this bush we have controlled
bladders yeah
is it me or does this sudden make me
look like a butt like funny little
accent they can't really see to be
honest neither
we're in Hogsmeade right now there's
snow it's blue skies and Sam peppers
mugging in Hogsmeade hi have to try
butter beer for the first time this is
obviously not like it's in a Harry
Potter cut I mean he didn't have it with
his name on it did he
tastes like drinking caramel sauce like
just drinking straight up caramel slushy
it's quite good but like caramel yeah I
think I could drink the whole thing go
check it out it's like walking back into
England almost not quite at all these
people
hey guys she may have to talk for me
because it's going it's going
we're going to the Hard Rock Cafe we get
some I can get wings I get wings every
single time I go to Hard Rock Cafe and
then extra hot sauce my phone's about to
run out of battery my throat feels like
about to run out of battery and yeah
beautiful day this place is massive I
just californ with this another level
yeah big big American stuff hi Wow are
you all right oh right this way and
haven't been on your channel happen
we're in the special VIP John Lennon
suite that we got in because the girl
recognized Anthony and it's awesome it
it's like crazy there's like John Lennon
she the girl was like yeah we'll take
you into the suite probably like we were
like yeah we're not really sure whether
we want to go into the Hard Rock Cafe
you know and you're just like really
like is it gonna be that amazing there
is like amazing stuff everywhere this is
the couch what did he write on the couch
is in 90% of the song is that legit
squished on his ass
we're going on stage guys look at this
curtain
I feel like this at all
