hello guys and welcome to the beginning
of my humongous adventure I am just
getting ready to leave home
Mike and I are driving down to London
tonight actually fly first thing
tomorrow morning I'm meeting Tanya and
Jim at the airport at 6:30 a.m. so
pretty pretty early I've packed all my
stuff as you can see there it is if you
guys don't know where I'm going I'm off
to the States I'm going to playlist live
yay I cannot wait to the first time I've
ever been to play this live then we're
headed to the Bahamas with Ingrid Luke
Joey Tania and Jim which I am beyond
excited about because I've never been to
the Caribbean before or anywhere kind of
like that so I am so excited about that
and then I'm headed over to LA for a few
days to see my friends and have a few
meetings when I'm over there and then
I'm headed to New York for I'm at so I
have an awesome awesome trip but I'm
gonna be gone for kind of a long time
how are you feeling about this trip
Michael it's kind of quiet you're gonna
cry yourself to sleep every night maybe
not
you're gonna miss me that one you yes
yeah you know who else I'm gonna miss
I'm gonna miss the Whoopie dog she
thinks we're both leaving her so she's
soaking the floor here look at that face
so Whoopi seems to think that we're both
leaving us who should be pleasantly
surprised when Mike drops just me off at
the airport tomorrow yeah so we're off
to London we're going for dinner with my
sister and my brother and their partners
and my friends tonight to say goodbye
cuz I'm gonna be away from uhm and yes
we will keep you updated good bye
so it's 5:30 in the morning who invented
this ungodly hour I certainly want you
we're off to the airport I just got a
text from Tanya and Jim saying they're
in the cab
cray cray so we're just arriving at
Heathrow if you can hear the Sat Nav
saying you have reached your destination
it's time to say goodbye to this little
bear bye-bye man so much
no wonder my co2 hey guys I went up
dating for how long since Mike drop me
off at the airport we just had the most
stressful flight in the whole world we
got in with
exactly an hour in between getting off
the last flight to getting on the next
line we were running through the Apple
sweating everywhere and that's Turkey
ladies first officer we're just about to
level of passion 35,000
yeah so we've had a pretty stressful
find I'm went 202 but I pretty sure they
don't want to be in my vlog because we
have been sweating it out so here I am
in all my glory I'm in Orlando playlist
literally we're sitting here right now
so what do you guys think that the
chances of our baggage is actually going
to be there Jim I think we're and I
think we were faster than the luggage
but we will see no bags but they got put
on the next flight so now we are waiting
even further I think I made a sport of
sleep on I'm sitting on the floor right
now have a coffee and some kind of drug
no good news we have so we made it guys
after that crazy crazy ass journey I
found Tati this is our amazing room I
might do like some kind of tour our
apartment is so cool nikki has just run
off Nikki and we are going for dinner I
am so hungry I might eat my own arm
right now oh my god this is five dollars
a bottle you're right they put it on the
side like we're in America so tired just
crazy American
cherry coke there's got cracking
cracking and crack so he's here to hello
hi think I need to go to bed I'm always
ill guys that's to be noticed
