well hello lovely people today is fed
blog day 28 the very last day mike is
driving my car because he's feeling so
manly that you can't just get quite
manly enough you decided you wanted to
drive my pink and purple multi color
changing mini and look like a girl but
who's here and we're just pulling into
my parents house so she's kind of figure
that I've now wants to come sit my lap
but my handbag is here so it's being a
good deterrent she's decided room so
yeah she wants to drive um anyway we
today I'm going into town to run a few
errands because I need to do a few
things before I film my monthly
favorites video michael is off to do a
little tinkering around with Karl are
you not to need a band how what is your
Mojo's and mode of transport to get
there motobike actually like the first
Meister I say us a nice day it's
actually called son gone really cloud it
was blue skies this morning cuz you took
so long to get ready yet shaken around
I'm not even ready I don't even have my
mascara wouldn't let me put my scar
limited in time and yeah he taking as
motorbike which I do not like because I
don't like motorbikes I think they're
dangerous and yes so guys I'm just off
my exes k cos x account and you've
really wants to be like oh look at me
I'm gonna show you um but I forgot to
tell you another reason why I'm going
into town today is to pick up laptop
charger because my laptop it's kind of
on the way out I've had it for about two
and a half years now which doesn't seem
very long but if you guys can imagine
how much i use my laptop because
obviously i'm on it like all day every
day and it's gonna be a while so i need
to go in and chat to them and decide
whether or not it's worth kind of making
a big effort either paint like properly
clear out and everything and buy a new
charge because the charge which is
playing broken so I laptop when you turn
on which is really frustrating or
whether or not and that will kind of
tide me over for probably a few months
maybe six months or whether it's worth
getting a new laptop now
so yeah I need to work out like what's
gonna work better so yeah Mike's there
with his bike it looks ridiculous he
looks ridiculous how do you do in you be
careful I don't like that motorbike I
don't like it so I picked up my charger
which is good so hopefully my laptop
will work I decided to stick with it for
a few more months and see how much more
I can kind of get out of it and I
stopped for a little starbucks break not
only did they spell my name right this
time they gave me a smiley face and made
like the best try ever wanna see if you
know how sometimes they don't like get
the like amount right like they'll fit
too much water in or too much milk in
this one it's just right so I am happy
and now i'm making a sneaky little trip
to prime hey guys so I've just come off
my mark am I didn't buy anything I was
very good however i did stop in at
superdrug and pick up quite a few things
so you may be seeing a hole in the next
few days on my beauty channel because i
was like a lot of stuff that i didn't
really know was out yet or I'd like Emma
heard about though just kind of I had
one of those really good likes watching
sessions where you just walk around the
whole shop like testing everything out
that's kind of why I love shopping on my
own as well because you kind of get the
chance to do that but I did manage to
find the L'Oreal dupes of the wire sell
glossy stain which I was really excited
about seven looking for them for ages
it's taking ages room to actually come
out and Jonah be on my blog I met a
subscriber as well in super drunk I just
bumped into in history again it was your
name yeah this is Beth and she's very
nice yeah so I was the Internet hey guys
so I'm back in my car now I hope you
guys enjoyed meeting Beth my subscriber
I she bumped into her in superdrug and
she came up and gave me a hug and was
really sweet and then she saw me whilst
I was vlogging was like huh it's just
call her over and said Jana me in my
blog but yeah she was so sweet yeah she
came to the Soho Square meet up I did
when Ingrid and Luke and Joey and Tanya
and Jim were all in London in August so
it was called
meet her again and yeah I'm just off on
my way home now to film my monthly
favorites video and probably a whole
video and to actually get my laptop
working again because it has been out of
action for like a day and it's driving
me crazy um yeah I think that's all I
got to say I'm gonna put my audio book
on and listen to it in the car that's
how old I'm getting guys but I'm
actually listening to a really good book
on my audio book which I'll tell you
about I'm gonna put it in my monthly
favorites this month so watch that if
you want to know what I'm listening to
like an old granny in the car well hello
again I just got home and you may have
noticed I've changed my lip color this
is actually one of the l'oreal I don't
actually know what they cooled the new
like the ones that are Jutes for the
wires how glossy stains anyway but do
you like it it's very they are like so
so similar um mike is here had not very
good day have you his car tinkering was
very unsuccessful did yes dingo up peril
I got very cold on the way kind of like
you'll see I did eventually get the bike
started to you so I took a bit longer
little friends here can we say hello
kitty can't see I am off to run a bar
after work and then I'm gonna edit
videos do you look indeed well we will
see you very soon it's the end of a long
but I will be back very soon I'm gonna
be vlogging when I'm in America and I
leave on the 20th so just not very long
to wait for you guys know we're gonna
miss me are you gonna miss me how much
times a million I'll go with you guys
