hey guys it's per blog day 27 and today
I'm here in the ght Studios which are
very snazzy in central London and we are
having my hair trial flash video so GHD
the lovely gal ta are actually doing my
hair away wedding day which I'm really
really excited about so we're here today
to do the trial and also to film it
and show you guys kind of what I'm
having for my wedding hair so here is
the studio we're kind of setting up
behind the scenes action the boys are
just waiting waiting for our hair to be
ready I just had my hair cut it preps
and then Hannah's having Hannah's over
here having some some curls put in my
thing and yeah so that's pretty much all
that's gonna be in this vlog because I
see there's gonna be a video on Bridal
channel about it but I will see you a
little later probably with some nice
wedding hair which is quite scary but
yeah so the wedding has done dies what
do you think just kidding it's not done
at all but Hannah's looks looks we're
nearly that we're nearly there Hannah
looks even better
oh hello I'll let you guys see a little
sneak peek when we're actually done but
yeah we're rocking the oh they do look
right now so yeah this is my kind of
first wedding trial look really excited
and he looks really pretty and it's
filming on really really awesome updo in
the next room when I bought Ibiza
because they're talking but this is the
cool aunty HD studio attempt away from
the door nothing really
louder does the Cordy HD studio they
have this Katy Perry is now on the wall
and they have this cool kitchen as well
which apparently has like instant hot
water kettle all over that stuff love it
but and I will try and show you a bit of
Hannah's Hanna's do in a minute hey guys
so I've just got home now back to my
parents house my mom came and picked me
up from the station which was rather
nice of her thanks mom in the background
brushing her hair so yeah I'm back at
Mom's Mike's gone to the cinema with my
cousins and my dad to watch some like
racing bike thing that they wanted to
watch so we're going out for a nice meal
I'm sorry I didn't vlog anymore after
being at the shoot my sister when I was
vlogging like just then my sister Lanice
end up just rapping and they had to run
really quickly because the guys filming
had to go and do another project so it
all ended very quickly and then I rushed
off to the station jumped on the
training came home my throat is like ah
so I'm sorry if I sound like a crazy
school key person but it's alright it's
alright I just sound like a man for you
guys but yeah we're going to zzs for
dinner which is probably one of my
favourite chain restaurants to go to
it's good they do the really good
superfood salad which is lately why I'm
gonna order because I always order the
same thing when I go there you can get
the 500 calorie pizzas with the pattern
with their salad in the middle but the
superfood salad is way tastier
mom will blatantly get one and I will
get the other and mine will be better
than yours hey guys so I've just got
back from dinner and I forgot to vlog my
dinner because I'm a stupid flower and I
meant to vlog it but surprise surprise I
did get the superfood salad and I
actually convinced my mom to get the
superfood salad too and it was good it
was good so I'm back at my arms now
waiting for Mike to get back from the
cinema this advert is really loud it's
an advert for dole me oh okay so I'm
back and I'm on the sofa with Whoopi
oh I missed you earth did you miss me
yes I think that was an odd don't you
guys but yeah I'm waiting for Mike to
get back and I'm really tired I may fall
asleep on the sofa I've been watching
the wedding shop it's like a new TV show
it's kind of like say yes to the dress
but about 110 says classy but yeah quite
interesting anyway and then Mike should
be back about half an hour and then
we're gonna get home
yes that is what I'm doing now I think
I'll wait till Mike gets back say
goodbye so you guys can say hi to him
so like you can say hi to use if I even
make sense
look you pick me up guys my knight in
shining armor and his trusty mutt - are
you driving with waves Wolfie you can't
sit there you cannot sit there looks
like she's gonna put up a fight we will
see you tomorrow guys for the very last
day of febc
you
