hey guys it's fed vlog day 26 and today
I'm at Hannah's house and we are having
a kind of like office editing session
Hannah's on one side on her laptop I'm
on this side editing the video from
yesterday which is taking a long time
because there is a lot of footage I
think that's like two hours of footage
so it is taking a while as you can tell
still a bit ill after the coughing fit
last night but I can talk so it's all
good um yeah that's pretty much all
we've been doing this morning yeah what
are these for spike this how know how to
deliver in huge Oh to the sweet trade ah
I feel you're just like hey I'm just
gonna order a bump sighs liquid oh and
fancy that like this much jelly baby
action so these are to make a sweet tree
which is going to be an upcoming video
on bride for horse at some point in our
lives um not sure when because I am
currently editing this bridesmaid's
dress one which is taking forever but
yeah that's what we've been up to you
today I'm going to a screening of the
new wizard of oz film tonight which is
really exciting i'm taking my
sister-in-law's of that because Hannah's
going to a gig fancy pants so we're
going to that which is really cool good
advice by urban decay which was really
nice of them because they made some
limited edition palettes like based on
the film so yeah I'll take you along
there and then apart from that that's
probably it it's already three o'clock
it's actually a nice day of the first
time in a while oh yeah we're gonna go
pick up spike from nursery he doesn't
like nursery home ya can't film that
people get funny about foot we kids um
no spike well f-for nursery like an hour
ago he was like voodoo ruku really sad
but he likes it once he's there doesn't
he yeah he's he's pretty happy that you
might go pick him up yeah like I promise
I'll come and pick you up so off he went
anyway I'll see you in a bit goodbye
so we're going to pick up spike from
nursery and look guys there is actually
blue sky there is Sun in the sky it does
exist in England still I thought it had
gone forever but it's still really
really cold just clarified re-cut a coat
is this an outfit of your own choice you
chose it see you all your coat what else
have you got on Tran stir tracksuit
bottoms show me your shoes they're cool
we're conferences where'd you get them
from oh no you don't know oh no whoa
cool interesting choice in outfits today
chose his own it was kind of tramp style
and then he had Hannah's beanie on as
well so you know how he rolls right I'm
gonna get back to editing some animal
crackers what kind of what kind of
animals are they ever elephants and
crocodiles you gave one to wear but in
you what's this meant to be can you tell
what's that you see isn't it what you
thought about it's an elephant it
doesn't talk about there is an elephant
oh hey guys we are in the cinema this is
backing my sister-in-law she's beautiful
isn't she um and look there's all these
little lights Alison we're about to
watch cause we're not hello lighting is
bad the rats watch holes and we're not
meant to be filming sits bit sneaky
we've got some popcorn and some wine and
it is highly exciting so we just got the
film it was amazing and we're in losses
grana so you tend to nine so I think
yeah I thought it was going to be much
later than that so I think we might go
get some dinner but we're not sure we're
going mr. MacDonald's we'll find
somewhere though so cool I got hey they
were like said that the film is under
embargo even for review so we can't
review it but it was good it was really
good it's really good we both liked him
and yeah that's probably all I could
take so I really quickly wanted to show
you guys what we end up getting for
dinner because it was so noisy in the
restaurant I couldn't actually film but
we went to spice market I didn't
actually know that was a spice market in
London it's one of my favorite places to
eat in New York so we got some green
curry we also got some tempura i think
it was sea bass or some kind of tasty
white fish anyway we got some edamame
and we got some Pad Thai and it was so
so delicious so yeah sorry for the sound
but I want to show you guys cuz it was
amazing hey guys so I just got back from
the cinema why she just got back from
dinner and I'm sorry I didn't flogged
again because my phone out of battery
and as she turned into this absolutely
not if her because I booked a cab on an
app on my phone um and then my phone
I've actually decided know when the taxi
was gonna be there and then I had to end
up bringing them on veggies phone and
try to find out like where they were and
stuffs at times this whole offer and I
couldn't blog but I'm back now um
there's stuff I'm just like trying
really hard not to cough again I don't
know what it is about the evenings
there's stuff all over the bed I'm ready
for the shoot tomorrow I'm doing another
shoot for my bridal channel this time
it's a hair one which I'm super excited
about because it's basically like my
wedding hair trial which I'm gonna be
taking you guys along with me um and
showing you what is going on with my
hair but yeah I'm gonna jump into bed
now I've got my editing to do and I will
see you tomorrow I didn't show you as
well we got given this in the cinema
it's like Great and Powerful oz evil
green blue which popcorn tasty I will
see you tomorrow guys hope you all have
a great day bye
