hello guys I'm stalking my log so late
today because I'm with Hannah we have
been filming all day for bright cause
and we've been always a really cool
stuff but it's been quite money we were
meant to film about four videos but we
only got three done but a really good
one I think you guys going to like them
and we're now on our way so I would have
loved this evening instead of the whole
day we're on our way to my friend G's
book launch and which I'm very excited
about it's a parenting book which tents
I'm bringing Hannah over time I'm in
town I really want to come and I'll
bring my sister kushina's kiddo
but before that I'm going to my eyebrows
done because my brow products are
launching on Thursday and I have to get
my brows or because otherwise yes you
got rid of the big hairy monobrow
otherwise everyone's going to be like
why would I buy brow products that you
have made because your eyebrows look
awful now if you get them sorted out so
I'm going to this place which is the
blink brow bar so hammer grounded are
they looking good I'm pretty happy with
them they don't put makeup in the mirror
this is just with the tips I'm pretty
happy but they also do my utter work
because the lady would like to watch
other it do not like that means I'm
either or I don't know if any of you
guys have ever read it you're over there
it's beyond painful it's like really
like my eyes were screaming it was
really bad but we're now in Tom coffee
having some dinner
I've just been sending some Amy when you
said they have a coffee you have so
sociable is it the best so the best
moment I've ever had
it's also about the claim we love this
is Tom cotton Irama which is what I
normally have the lighting in here is
going nah
and then I got the everybody I know has
been crying
look UI hey guy
hello are you feeling any better no love
who she's been looking off either yes
I'm a very bad job she did a very bad
job did I do a bad job as a wife no
flash a week not fashion me for giving
it to me oh I couldn't help it but it's
done you could have quarantined yourself
you did yeah you said I owe you get
anyway you were being really
unsympathetic I was like I hope you get
it realize this is so bad and I'm not
being a wimp was I right
I wasn't being a wimp was I said you've
got it oh my was so much hope I get it
back again I don't think I will this one
these two vice very excited to see me
they will not stop licking my hand you
monkey I miss you too and wish you - hey
cleat tight little buddies putting these
guys to bed piglet by name piglet by
nature once again I don't know why but
wrinkl likes to sleep on the throne hey
do you like to sleep on this road and
squish has the big bed and then I think
squidgy I don't know who sleeps until
where the piglet sleeps with you whether
she sleeps the treacle coz I think she's
usually on this bed when I covered in
the morning she on that bed but then I
think sometimes she thinks of squid I
think she doesn't makes it up for all
night night beautiful girl you go to bed
little piglets she's still looking for
scrap so I'm home
taking a make path just got into bed
Mike is already falling asleep so I'm
not going to vlog for longer life is
really a very grumpy at me even grumpier
than he already is for being Fashion
Week for the past few days but I hadn't
read the time at G's book launch
actually it was really fun I know a lot
of you going to be like why are you
going to maybe look but launched but
yeah G invited me I am I always miss her
book launches she normally writes
fiction books if you don't know really
good one I really like them and I always
miss them so I'm not going to miss this
one I'm going to go along and take my
sister because she doesn't got kids
actually all of my friends that have
started reading this book who actually
share the same management company in G
and so all the girls that work there
have already got copies of it and
they've been reading it and they don't
have kids and they are like it's so good
I've been like crying so I'm gonna start
reading it tonight and see what I think
but I got home and there was one waiting
for me in my post so I now have two
which is actually awesome because one of
my friends has just had a baby so I'm
going to give it to her and the one that
I got sent in the post actually has a
really cute message from Genesis be
prepared to learn things you wish you
never knew so yeah I'm going to read
this I'm going to go to bed if while I'm
in bed I'm going to get sleep and I'll
see you guys in the morning not much
else to report that is all for now this
one is very very grumpy with me
I'm also absolutely loving having what
eyebrows rush she does because I haven't
done them in ages and I'm super happy
with them this time this still looks a
bit sparse here because there's no
makeup and unclutch typical makeup off
but look this one has got no make a
pennant literally looks like so perfect
I'm super super happy with them and this
one is never quite as good because I
don't have as many hairs here as I would
like but you win some you lose some
that's why you want to make good brow
products you see and I mean somebody
somebody is launching some new brow
products mix
week on week off the VEX mmm won't that
be me if you don't follow me on
instagram don't know what I'm talking
about by the way go check it out
but yeah anyway so thank you to blink
for those and my nonce is fuzzy upper
lip which still hurts algae but yeah
I'll see you guys in
by
