hey guys and welcome to third blog day
25 so today it was super duper early as
you may be able to tell I've got really
scratchy voice I'm in the kitchen it's
about 6:30 so I've just got up putting
my clothes on and now I'm just gonna
boil the kettle and make like a cup of
tea because today I have a very busy day
ahead of me I'm going to London but I'm
getting the train and I'm actually
staying for a couple of nights with my
sister so mike is driving me to the
train station which he was not very
happy about because we have to leave
home at like half 7:00 so he's like has
to get up early and drop me off which is
very nice I'm making him a cup of tea
Castle yeah so today's gonna be a pretty
busy one I've got a couple of meetings
this morning down in London and then I'm
getting my hair done
Aveda which I'm really excited about we
had it cut in December but it's grown
out I literally have like no layers from
until like here so it's just very like
long and straight and it has not much
shape so I'm supposed to get my hair cut
and then I actually have a video shoot
for my Bridal channel in a wedding shop
in London where we're going to be trying
on wedding dresses not wedding dresses
bridesmaid dresses so a few of my
friends that are bridesmaids are coming
along Becky's gonna be there which I'm
excited to see her again and then Mike's
sister Lizzie is also gonna be there and
then my friend Jess who's been in vogue
before as well so you would have seen
her so that's what's happening today and
I'm gonna make my tea now and then have
some breakfast and I will see you very
soon I feel so tired I was up until
about 2:00 last night making sure I had
any everything because like when I had
travelled to London for the day I'm
staying for a few days I know I have
like two shoots whilst I'm there and
like I need to pack the exact clothes
and make sure all the cameras are
charged and make sure all the camera and
like everything's there all the remotes
and everything so I was just kind of
making sure everything was ready and
yeah see you in a bit we are in sick huh
are you gonna miss me all I can say is
what come around gonna shower in the
morning you call this I'm gonna go back
to sleep
are you gonna miss me yeah so I have
made it to London and I'm walking on be
very very very busy noisy road toward
the cheap station I mean in the tube
over to Hammersmith where my first
meetings are I haven't done my hair
today because I just thought I'm gonna
get done so you know I just totally yeah
looks really happy but hopefully will
look nice later for the shoot I'm doing
and yes is a thoroughly miserable day in
true English fashion it's gray and wet
hope ya can brighten up my day with some
kind of exciting activities instead of
weather so I just got out my meeting and
I'm now headed over to my hair
appointment it is the world's most
miserable day
bring on the sunshine in Florida I think
I have about 25 days or something till I
leave and I can't wait
I'm definitely getting like winter blues
right now it's cold and miserable but
hopefully my hair won't be looking so
god-awful in a minute when I have my
hair done and I will update you from
there I'm going to be evade a salon in
Covent Garden which is actually really
cool I used to be at uni corner and they
have a lip Anquetil en coffee shop in
the same plate in the salon and I used
to go there all the time so it's gonna
be quite nice to go back there for me
cuz me and Mike used to have Sunday
breakfast there like every week that you
used to come and visit me so it's got
quite a lot of nice memories so
hopefully they'll do a nice job my hair
- so here in the Vedas Allen I'm going
into it and if you haven't tried I just
wanted to like add a note if you haven't
tried the chocolate spread from the
panko to the end you have to because it
was honestly like the tastiest thing
so yeah I'm just gonna go make go ahead
now and get my hair hey guys so I've
just come out of the saddle on my
absolutely love my hair it's probably
gonna look at around this because I'm
walking I might stop and actually show
you guys I love the color I think it's
probably the happiest open like ever
coming out of a hair salon like so nice
the team was so friendly so yeah I'm so
happy and I am on my way to the
bridesmaids shop now I've got to get a
train it's actually in south-east london
place would help them
it's called bridesmaids of London so I'm
headed there and I'm about to actually
walk past the building I met Taylor
Swift in earlier this year or last year
now which is exciting I don't think I've
been back down this road since then so
yeah good day I hope you guys liked my
hair let me know in the comments below
what you think I really like the color
like it's taken me such a long time to
go back to her more natural blonde
so yeah I'm finally like really really
happy with the color and yeah the guy
cussing as well Michael so nice yes so
really happy and I will see you in its
back so guys I found Lizzie if you
remember this white sister a long time
and we have found the bridesmaid shop
here it is it's taken us a while done
and inside already perfect we're in the
shop and we have been filming we've got
a little bit of a crazy setup going on
we've got sir a camera there and then
celaya which is pretty bright you can
see Jess in the mirror and then another
light and then we've got the GoPro is
being very sneaky on the stairs here and
recording from like above which I fear
might be getting a few dodgy shots of
inside the changing room so you have it
I'm gonna have to edit that quite
carefully but um jess is here sitting on
our little panel of judging bridesmaids
dresses Hannah is here and then Lizzie
and Becky are in the changing room
getting naked there is that there is a
hand waving but I don't want to show you
just in case you see some booty at the
same time
but yeah it's all going well I think we
found the dress which is really really
really exciting I'm not gonna show you
because you have to wait for the video
to see which one we pick but yeah we've
got to carry on filming now so I will
see you in a while
hey guys so we are back in the car now
Hannah's driving and we are absolutely
shafted after that it was like a manic
hour and a half of filming like crazy
before they shut the shop so oh we are
tired now we're gonna go home and
hopefully get some dinner I think we
should potentially get a takeaway Hannah
is that she was gonna cook but I think
it's too late for that I am exhausted I
think I could fall asleep sitting up
successfully but it was so good we found
the dress like I said I'm so excited for
it I just think it's gorgeous
I actually tried it on as well just to
see kind of how it felt and you know if
it's comfortable also for Hannah as well
because I'll see she's got a big bump at
the moment so she will be without the
bump and probably a similar size to me a
sec know you'll be a similar size to me
by the time or probably smaller knowing
Hannah by the time I get married so yeah
I tried it on for size and I'm so happy
with them so excited and yes a lot of
editing to do tomorrow and it's been a
good day really I'm so happy with my
hair
so happy with the dresses and I'm just
generally happy and and mega-mega props
in the bridesman it's very good props to
Hannah for driving all the way across
London Lizzy coming all the way from
home and then Jess Lee had to liaised to
leave work a couple of hours early which
was awesome and Becky drove for about
five hours to get a of the two-hour
shoot so I honestly have like the best
friends ever and all the way back again
I have the best friends ever
so thank you guys and yeah I love I love
you you're the best friend in the world
and we just drove past a McDonald's can
you see it there no it's gone we turn
around again with us
so more than thirsty you know I want now
a massive Diet Coke
I'm massive I figured out where we are
guys I'm by the gherkin again like I was
the other day it's actually really cool
tonight look at her house wind speeds a
little bit you're not saying its full
glory but it's cold outside there it is
dun Dada
we're going a crazy way guys hey guys so
I was just lying in bed um it's about
half midnight and everyone else is
asleep secretory quietly but I just
remembered that I didn't finish my vlog
and I honestly like I fell asleep like
40 minutes ago to the point where I was
probably asleep I was having a dream as
well I can't rule what the dream was
about what I was definitely having a
dream and I woke up like coughing cuz
obviously I don't know and it's
developed into like horrible cough and
now I just can't stop coughing like
every time I lie down I can feel the
coughing now I'm really surprising it
but as soon as I lie down I have like a
big coughing fair and then have to sit
up again and I'm out of coffee medicine
so I don't really know I mean because I
keep on like I just can't sleep because
I can't stop coffee
so yeah that's fun but at least it
reminded me to finish my vlog so I
probably will have like no voice left
tomorrow from coughing so much but yeah
at least I don't feel ill anymore it's
just kind of lingering with a cough
which is just one is really irritating
things but yeah I hope you guys all had
a good day and I will see you tomorrow
