hello guys and welcome to febc log day
24 today I am so excited I can't even
contain it we're going to see the house
we've spoken to the current owners and
they are really happy for us to go and
look around again and we're actually
taking my family so we are so excited to
show them my mum through any person
that's seen it so far and we're gonna
have a chat with owners and just yeah
sort a lot of stuff out but it's rather
exciting we're going in a separate car
because I think we might stay a bit
longer if it's our College thing you see
that I don't think you can see it but
basically a steam coming out my mouth
because it's so calm in this car I may
just be to death before we get to the
house how are you feeling are you
excited yeah me and Mikey will wake up
every morning we're like I'm so sad to
leave
it's difficult yeah
our half the moment has so many memories
for us and obviously sad to me a lot of
people have actually been asking in the
comments like why we're moving because
you guys love our house we love our
house too but we are buying our own
house this time so a little bit
different but yeah we will be so sad to
leave because we basically have kind of
sounds really cheesy but like grown as a
couple in our house like we moved in and
we will have will live there for years
by the time we move out and yeah it's
got a lot of good memories
say exciting it's like to get this
outside hey guys so we just got out from
looking at the house I honestly I'm so
excited right now what did you think
it's good yeah those are the guys that
live there at the moment and a couple
are so nice so it's like they've been
really helpful and they've lived there
for a really long time so yeah it's
exciting we're just getting choosing
bits and pieces to go in and so excited
we're going now going back to my mom's
for Sunday lunch at hers and then back
home to film a video for me and do some
work for Mike hey guys so we're back
home now and Mike is being super duper
exciting I'm watching the Gulf hmm what
have you got to say I've got to say that
I'm now watching go I'm then watching
Top Gear I'm them watching wonders of
life before surprise is the new Broncos
before someone steals a TV yourself good
oh good the Oscars is tonight yeah but
it's not on till later so you watch mr.
Selfridge and then chasing the Saturdays
and then yes you can watch it on your
computer
you hungry I've had some toast ah well I
might make my own food any use making
your own food without asking me I've
been having a reorganization upstairs
like I think the idea of moving house is
like maybe want to organize everything
so that I'm like ready I'm trying not to
like get overexcited because obviously
we have to have the survey done in a lap
before it goes through so it could still
fall through we might not move but I
feel like if I'm organized
that isn't packing or like tight like I
don't know like putting everything
together to pack but it's just generally
good to do anyway even if you don't move
so I've been like clearing out random
stuff like I got a sewing box for
Christmas which I hadn't transferred my
old sewing stuff
over into so I'm doing that which is so
exciting and I kind of fancy cooking
some food but we don't have much food in
the house
we have eggs maybe I cook some eggs we
have broccoli a big bowl of broccoli
that would be quite tasty do you have
anything in the cupboards anything tasty
looking here guys this is our cupboards
very very messy as you can see I don't
know whether there's anything like cook
as a lot of sauces and ingredients and
stuff I will have a think and get back
to you and I got really exciting today
thinking that when we move to the new
house we can use this pin board because
we have no space for it in our kitchen
at the moment so it's kind of sitting in
here like waiting to be used and it will
go really nicely in the new kitchen so
at the moment is just sitting next to
the dog treats but will be able to use
this we got it for Christmas and the
other pin board which Lucy my best
friend made me is there so we'll have
room for both of them in the new kitchen
because there ain't much wall space in
this one there's lots of space but
there's not much actual like walls if
you get what I mean
yeah so guys I'm making some scrambled
eggs for dinner and I thought I would
show you how I make scrambled eggs in
the microwave because I always make if
I'm just making it myself I always make
them in the right way Mike thinks I am
like totally crazy bonkers because he
thinks it tastes bad but I basically
just we've got my little egg ease with
the four and then put in some milk like
this quite hard doing this whilst
watching through the camera and then
just mix it up and then I just pop it in
the microwave for two minutes I usually
do it a minute and then stir it again
and then do another minute and it comes
out as scrambled egg and Whoopi has been
crying all evening haven't you madam we
went over to Mike's mom's earlier and
she was cooking
what was she cooking Mike gravy in
something choice of beef joint of beef
and Wolfie wasn't allowed
you are a naughty dog I think Mike's mom
is a little bit of a spoiler woman if he
goes to stay and she's got into the
habit of having gravy or the leftovers
basically and having some gravy with her
dinner and she is really PD off this she
couldn't have a Nissen height so yeah if
we have one naughty dog a naughty dog oh
dear
hello guys so I have just had the
world's hottest bath so my faith is like
super duper animated her face muscles
well I think I left it on for a bit long
my face is like ah it's hot wolfy is
here we've been catching up on Vampire
Diaries have movie she's chilled out now
and isn't crying to go out yeah that's
probably it for tonight I think Mike's
still downstairs working I don't know
Mike is the Oscars on yeah forty minutes
which leaves just enough time for
another Vampire Diaries
we can't read my face is gone face Mars
it was really hot in the past as well it
was like glowing Oh chill out in a
minute
so here we are sorry I'm so yeah we've
had a pretty boring day today we haven't
read no much exciting stuff except for
the house we can't take you around the
house you know obviously but yeah nuni
we will see y'all tomorrow
