well hello there and welcome to vlogmas
day 22 I think not sure I'm outside
walking the hound whether you can see
but it's starting to snow that's not
good bit concerning really as we've had
too much know already but we have some
pretty exciting news that we are yet to
share with you is we had an offer
accepted on the house that we've been
bidding on the other day which is very
exciting news so I've got to spend the
day faffing around trying to sort
everything out which I didn't realize
how much stuff needed to be sorted out
when it came towards houses it is far
more than I was and you can see the
little speck of snow right there it is
snowing very heavily I think blizzards
are on the way well hello there again
it's now time to head off to work that's
making a lot of noise uh as you can see
I'm in slowest car today because she has
a little bit of an issue she has oh it's
just gone off maybe I don't need to take
first car today because I thought she
had a brake issue so I was going to take
her but looks like she doesn't mm-hmm
well I forgot to say to earlier that I
have stolen the vlog today and because I
fancy seeing the vlog and taking guys
with me today so one less job to do good
start
well hello there guys back again dark
outside can you believe I can't believe
it's dark I'm here with wolfy kins it's
very excited and little mouse um no see
it's so dark and all the other dogs
attacking Oh crazy well it's been a very
busy day and I've been in meetings all
day which I can't watch you take
Eureka's are very important but very
important it's so important but I now
have little Furby is now with me she is
hiding in the corner by the fire but I'm
not going to let you see her but good
news on house everything seems to be
going forward so that's that we've got
it we're just writing up contracts and
you know hopefully that'll be done how
do you feel about the new house are you
excited
hmm what's your opinion
you're just excited you excited because
he doesn't ponder playing very happy dog
but so it's been a very busy day and
hopefully we're gonna have a mega curry
later it should be quite tasty I might
take you to show you that and I'm not
sure I'm gonna get up to many other
things I'm sure I might even involve
Fleur in the vlog at some point but I
don't think cuz she's sneaky apparently
she says she's poorly it's all lies come
back so what do you think were fishy
lying is she lying
I think I think she's like hey Steve
we'll see him dido happy dog so I'm
gonna drink my delightful cup of Dee and
I will see you guys in a little bit oh
look what we are again back on the sofa
and we've just realized
someone's down here cuddling not so well
but someone hasn't had any snacks show
you her delicatessen if he eats it's a
song of doggy biscuits and doggy meat
spoiled little dog dog
we've even got another little someone
else wants food Oh
feed these hooligans haha somebody came
from home obviously was stained at first
parents tonight and she's first pack all
my stuff and I've obviously no works
been nice and smart my shoes and she
didn't bring me any shoes or wellies so
I've gone to get some wellies dues and
also I've got some snacks
Christon dip dip so we've got some extra
snacks to go a tiny bit of cream it's a
very interesting whole time doing it
you'll do this kind of a whole semester
cream and then I also have Flo's mum
because I brought her a list of jobs in
trade for bringing cream and crisps I
bought my jacket which is got a pocket
got a hole in it I have another jacket
as a popular it's got a hole in it and
it also had a set of chords and a set of
jeans that I have had I got both the
jeans out we're out in America's like
three months ago and I'm still not got
my hem so close mom it's something out
for me and I've got a set of chords I
bought these like nearly two years ago
and I've never got them hemmed
so I've bought them and trade off for
crisps and cream for tastiness and I
think it's about time for a curry soon
once you've eaten these little snacks
so we've just hunt coming I'm speaking
to little monsters someone's been
working too hard
pewter they're ready well I think that's
it for me stay in the fog today nice
hope is not been too boring and I'll see
you soon for another vlog day goodbye
