hello it's bad blog day 21 yeah
21 and today I'm going to London Fashion
Weekend the Grim Reaper is here in his
dressing gown because it's really early
and I need to finish drying my hair oh
and then they off to see the Wizard The
Wonderful Wizard of London Fashion
Weekend and shopping and I'm wearing my
casual comfy outfit that I was wearing
last week
stripy H&M jumper 7 jeans Isabel Marant
trainers and then I'm gonna wear my big
Parker and yes I will see you in a while
I'm so excited to see Becky's reaction
because she doesn't know about it yet
and I know she's gonna love it
yeah we've been teasing others
paintballing cause she's such a girly
girl
she would hate paintballing so the you
to doing
so what the house I found Becky you
excited screaming I'm amazed a I need to
breathe I really do trying to go in the
wrong door I'm trying to go in the wrong
door absolutey we're going to sleep or
so it's like fashion themes I was like I
can't I can't beat this present shopping
and shopping and tea so he pretty much
just has a mass hysteria in the
Katherine Dean you make the most
beautiful dresses but we went absolutely
literally I tried on 500 and found it
and we've seen it online for like six
times five we managed it moms like don't
tell anyone
so yeah we found in there and it was
amazingly reduced and it's beautiful
it's so exciting
so guys Becky made a bit of a birthday
purchase anything mister I did get a
present for Mike's mom it's her birthday
today but um nothing for me and now
we're off forty we're actually about
Tonya as well Bertie
so we will take you along with us to the
Berkeley where they have very very the
Barclays yeah it's very nice you'll love
it you'll love it let's go
so we're in the back of the cab we
decided that we both Lighting's crazy we
both need to declutter our handbags
after walking around that isn't him I
think yours heavier than mine
oh it's alright I know it's like a boss
it's like a rock that weighs about three
stone I'll make a leg yeah well it's
huge and they've got like a pharmacy
here names I got worried look maybe
that's the Warner's my baby book named
Andre you never know what's always the
mine is way too heavy as well mine's
like I think it's cause mine's studs on
it look seriously our backs huh so what
would you lose if you had to leave I
mean I actually do I thought also
birthday card in here I give you all a
this a bit it's a bit destroyed I'm a
bit superstitious it basically tells you
what we're doing today so if you open it
late it's meant to be up with her and
say here's your card this is what we're
doing but instead we were late to meet
you there that's got my mic actually
pick
- you might trace wellies and a lot
return oh that's a lot of love oh great
you're the age right yeah 25 afternoon
tea at the Berkeley that is actually my
favorite thing to eat eating I love tea
ceremony your afternoon tea has arrived
but tanya is gonna rise and we were just
realizing we haven't seen each other
since I know that it's shaking so we are
having good catch up facts is on the
other side she gave us a very detailed
description it's really cool and this
was DVF very exciting and I'm gonna stop
muggy now is I want eat it so we had
some of our tea left over and they what
color do you want girls
I think Todd should have greener I think
that's your color I think I should have
pink or do you object I think that suits
us it was so good guys did you have a
nice birthday sex death hey guys so I
just got home from London and I had the
best day in the whole world but I am
feeling so ill now I thought that
whatever cold or bug that I had had gone
away but it seems to have come back with
a vengeance today I had like a sore
throat I woke up with a really sore
throat this morning and I just feel like
really achy and tired now it's just so
annoying I feel like I've been ill for
like
every single vlogging month this is the
weirdest thing at the end of the month
when I'm vlogging I always get ill I
feel like such an ill bug and I take my
vitamin C and zinc and I wash my hands
all the time she said oh good bad immune
system apparently guys but yeah I'm
feeling really poorly but hopefully I'll
feel better tomorrow and see you then I
hope I'm gonna go to bed now but I had
an amazing day and it was so nice as
heat on your Becky that is it guys I
with you tomorrow
