hey guys its ferb blog day 20 and today
I have been doing blog post all morning
and then at lunch time which is in about
half an hour so I have to get
crackalacking Mike and I are going for
another meeting with the vicar for our
wedding yeah I think I've logged last
when we did this and he is like really
really old he's like 85 and he's a
really sweet old guy he's retired and
the last time we went to see him he
called me Fiona and I think he called
Mike like Mark or something that wasn't
his name so I'm hoping that like
spending a bit more time with him will I
should get to know our names because
imagine if we get married and he like
says the wrong name in the ceremony it
would not be good so I am off to do that
today
a little outfit of the day for you I'm
wearing my Primark kind of like printed
skater style dress a little black
cardigan I have on some rose gold
jewelry I have on my links for his gold
watch which I actually haven't worn in a
really long time and then a wrap
bracelet which will soon be available
from my online shop it's not available
at the moment but it's one of the new
styles were getting in so I love that
and then I am wearing black tights black
boots little black belt and then I'm
also gonna put on some kind of code I
think I'm gonna wear my parka even
though I probably won't go because it's
like the warmest coat I have because it
has this fur on the inside got to love
the pocket right I'm off now I feel like
I'm like so disorganized today you know
those days where you just like your
heads like spinning around like a
million things to do and organize
finally but yeah I'll update you with a
vicar and hope you might like we're
meant to be having what he calls bread
and scrape which we're going at midday
and we're not entirely sure what it is
is it like English version of antipasti
or I don't really know like toast we're
not sure we're not really short to
expect to Mike's actually really fussy
so I think he's quite worried about it
but yeah I will update you from so I've
just left the vicar's house it was
actually not too bad bread and scrape
seemed to just be
kind of like light lunch type thing we
had some soup which was very nuts and we
have some bread and pate and then some
cake which I didn't eat because I'm
trying to be healthy and yeah it's quite
funny hanging out with people who are
much older than you but you're not
related to I was thinking about this
today like it's a different dynamic
because if it's you like your
grandparents I don't know about you guys
something you might not see your grandpa
very often but I've only got one
grandparent left but I see her all the
time so it's kind of strange to interact
with people who are in their 80s that
you don't know very well because it's
all obviously very polite and it's just
crazy like the generational difference
in ages is so different but also so nice
to actually be kind of old-fashioned
again I really liked it anyway it was
very nice to meet the vicar and we
actually had we like went through the
whole list of vows and everything and
it's made me so excited for the wedding
I can't even tell you guys I've got this
booklet you try and see if I can get out
of my pocket and it has like it's like
right in the back of my book and I can't
get it sorry guys I'm sitting on my
pocket kind of confusing but we went
through all the vowels and the order of
service and the readings and the hymns
and it was really cool and quite like
it's like a serious life thing to do
like talking to the vicar about getting
married so we did that had the
conversation about children and you know
things that you do when you get married
and it was yeah it was it was good it
was nice yeah and he actually lives
quite close to my mum so I'm just gonna
pop into my mum's for a cup of tea and
then I am going back home to finish
anything
and ended dead black to finish editing
some videos Mike has to go back to work
so he will be around later I'm not
entirely sure we're doing later we
actually have no food in the house we've
been so busy since we got back from
skiing
we haven't actually been food shopping
so we have like no food so maybe we will
go food shopping and buy some food
otherwise we may starve so I'm back home
now and I've just been editing some of
my videos for the last few days I'm
finally like catching up with
and all that jazz so I'm finally kind of
catching up with everything I've got a
kitty cat behind me there so I've just
been editing this afternoon and I'm
going to London Fashion Weekend tomorrow
which I'm so so excited about if you
guys don't watch my whole videos from
London Fashion Weekend for a start you
should because they're awesome but I go
every season after London Fashion Week
they have like a shopping event at
Somerset House and I've been like every
season for the last two two and a half
years absolute love it's like amazing
discounts on designer stuff and I'm
taking my friend Becky who was in France
with me skiing last week total mind
blank man I'm taking her tomorrow as a
surprise it's her birthday
on Saturday it's her birthday and I'm
taking her to London Fashion Weekend and
then I'm taking her for afternoon tea at
the Barclays Hotel in London which I've
actually blogged before I think it's
probably in exactly a year ago or
something like that when we went it's
absolutely amazing like fashion inspired
afternoon tea so I'm taking her to that
as a surprise and I'm so excited because
it's honestly her two favorite things in
life are tea and shopping so I'm pretty
sure I've got the nail on the head with
her birthday present this year so I was
so excited to like see her reaction and
I'm definitely taking you guys along
with me on that one apart from that I'm
just making some lentils for my dinner
it's only half past six but I'm really
hungry tonight and Mike something we're
back to fairly late so I'm making some
of my favorite they're like merchants
gourmet is the brand they come like
prepackaged or precooked lentils with
sun-dried tomato they're so yummy so I'm
going to eat those dinner and there's a
birdie hurt I will see you later
probably I'll vlog when Mike gets back
cause it's probably more exciting with
two of us I'm just here all on my
lonesome this evening yes
hello everybody Mike's back he's doing
some work I'm here we're watching the
Brits and Taylor Swift Fujisan and she
was amazing was she good she went
quickly she she went dub sad let's just
Wow
and she got a bit naked on stage me like
oh she's getting no likey not the naked
Bess but just generally her she was
getting a lot of hate in my Twitter feed
though which really annoyed me I think
was kind of a little bit of backlash
from the whole curry style situation but
I still love her I think is mean the
house offer is progressing slightly we
will keep you updated look at you Kat
loving Pied Piper crazy man they love
Mike mmm someone's got a text message
exciting right I'm gonna watch the rest
of the Brits now I'm gonna go to sleep
because I'm already in my PJs and I will
see you tomorrow for London Fashion
Weekend shopping time bye
