hello it's spent blog day 19 and I'm
here with MDF it's that I pay with Mike
he's looking rather dapper today
wouldn't you agree
well I've just been searching around
going I've got my wallet I've got my
keys car keys
my phone's out of battery and so for
today's vlog I stolen Michael's phone we
are going to the cinema to see a film
that I've been so excited to see for
ages and ages and ages and ages it is
warm bodies which if you guys haven't
heard about it's got Nicholas Hoult
who's an awesome British actor and he's
a zombie and he falls in love with
someone that's still alive and it just
looks like a really really funny film
zombie films like one of my top favorite
films to watch Sambi comedy however
doesn't happen very often love Shaun of
the Dead and it makes me excited so
there's another one and we're going to
see it so we're a little bit guess what
we are done tiller late because meeting
again I thought I would do a quick out
for the day before we go it's gonna be
quick smite get stroppy
it is the evening now so I'm not exactly
looking perfectly groomed because my
makeups been on since earlier today but
today I am wearing hair which I agree
myself just kidding
I'm wearing this dress which is from
Free People which was in a whole I went
to LA in November and I got it there I
love the fact that's like this dusty
rose almost liner key lace with all this
black kind of detail e-type Wiggly bits
anyway you know what I mean I like it
it's got a cute little sleeves too it's
quite like loose-fitting it's kind of
like baggies but it's really really
comfortable to wear and it kicks out on
the bottom so it has this like little
skirt II bit and then I've understand
black tights and black boots and that is
it I'm also gonna put a coat on because
it's blooming freezing outside so we're
going for dinner and I want to go to TGI
Fridays but Mike wants to go to Bella
Italia help Bella Italia it's better for
you but you have pizza which isn't that
much
of course as you want to see Jeff riders
everything's like frozen let's go to
Bella Italia they have really good
goat's cheese salad and mega chili pizza
so guys we are here having dinner and I
thought I would do an announcement an
announcement
I hope the music isn't too loud I think
it may be but we have started the blog
late tonight because we have been doing
something rather exciting I know a while
ago in a blog like I think was like two
weeks ago I mention to you guys I was
going to the ground a house and a lot of
you commented saying why didn't you tell
us about the house after you said that
well we basically really really liked it
and have decided to move forward with
the house so we are looking to move
house so that is what's been happening
today we've had a meeting about it and
not getting excited we're not getting
excited yet but we're in negotiations
for a new house so not getting excited
but yeah I didn't want to say anything
to you guys until it was a bit further
along the line like after I'd mentioned
it in a blog I was kind of like oh no
now if I say about it and it turns out
that I really like it we don't end up -
I just I don't know what it's wait until
we have something a bit more like firm
in place we do good lad and it's
something we don't want yeah well you
can tell you guys if it doesn't get a
far off it doesn't get accepted and we
don't buy and I'll just tell you but I
don't really know I just were so excited
anyway anyway look we're having your
beer I hate me yeah
and I'm hungry so we're waiting for the
food to come for itself right sorry
Peter her own efficiency pizzatime what
have you got looks delicious
I'm so hungry I'm gonna eat it right now
well I didn't realize thank you until
just now I'm gonna ice cream right now
hell yeah it's ice cream time I got two
scoops ha ha ha Baked Alaska best Ben
and Jerry's ice cream ever
what did you get I got one scoop cookie
dough she said she had to rescue of it I
did I had to it whilst you might went to
the toilet I had to rescue to rescue a
bit we just got out of there it's so
cold in this car the movie was awesome
they're like honestly one of the
funniest zombie films I've ever seen
like a totally different take on Tommy
those I loved it Mike loved it oh my god
every time you do this in the cinema
it's like a slightly funny moment
and Mike's like a super late showing
started at like 9:30 said it's at like
midnight now past midnight powerful
entrance and there was like five people
at the cinema hard everyone's like
looking back like you're crazy I look a
little crazy now and I am like shivering
with cold it is so
so so so so so cold in this car so I'm
gonna go and freeze my build-off now I
don't even know what that was about
I'm gonna code so I'm really going
freeze my ass off now in the car my car
I think I hope we get home as fast as
possible
not again cuz I want to snuggle with
Murphy because I'm freezing but one body
seriously guys massive thumbs up from me
I had a really awesome evening thank you
you're awesome
even if you're not a zombie zombie
boyfriends that's it that's a new one
you
