well hello everybody and welcome to fab
blog day 18 today I am in the car and as
usual can you guess what I'm about to
say I am late I took a little bit too
long getting ready Ashley I'm not late
I'm like two minutes later than I wanted
to leave so it's not exactly late but I
like being early I am off to beautycon
today in London and it's really exciting
because it's the first time that beauty
corn has ever been held in london I know
they've done one in LA I don't know if
they did one last year they definitely
one like this year in LA so I'm really
really excited to go to that and see
what it's all about it's basically held
by you tube in their offices for beauty
youtubers which is so cool because so
many of the conventions like VidCon and
playlists are awesome but they aren't
really that focused on beauty so it's
really cool that sonic focus on beauty
so I'm going to that I'm going to meet
the lovely umbrellas area the lovely
Louise from sprinkle of glitter and
before we go and then we're going
together and it's going to be fun and I
better go because I need to drive now
goodbye hello lovely people the wheels
is here and she don't have hair does it
look amazing yes everybody tell her how
amazing it looks to pick up I saw you
and I was like wow wow look at your hair
and I don't know she unties look at this
is very calm point and I'm going super
blonde yeah well the Sun is bright we
are in tottenham court road now and we
are on our way to a beauty corner we had
a bit of a nightmare journey then we
spilt hand cream we think in her bag
people knew amazing that but San over
when you look things I told her don't
worry we're going aboard one pack of
tissues and we're going to sort it out
what's that it has a laptop case in it
the world's largest bag I just earlier
this one yeah we have enough tissues and
yeah we're after you start I don't
entirely know who's gonna be there or
what's going to be going on but I think
it would be good as much and not do not
do not walk you will die and I'll trick
about these things oh yeah the thing
underneath but doesn't work but what you
what you pursue that that yeah if you
touch this thing underneath this but
like if you can't clear it if you can't
hear when I get outta green I want it
twiddles and you just think to go to
that school junkie oh I thought I there
is one I always thought that it was like
it will make it go with you if you touch
hope you hold it and then when it's not
spinning that means it's safe to walk
nobody ever deaf people can see the
green manner well bye that doesn't make
me beat me does it oh yeah you've been
in Austin great event okay yeah they're
crossing things make the best noise they
go like give a little bit of it just
like that if you're Australian let me
know in the comments if you thought that
was an authentic road crossing noise
yeah okay so I'm gonna get a good show
it is literally like shown never gonna
get just you know why are you were
dragging my eyes are watering he they'll
always let people think talking is weird
wickremasinghe my only 2 i'm like crying
hi its Louise I've taken over my clothes
I'm can plug you need to write out the
windows look it feels that women like
America's NY your yeah that Omar three
skyscrapers escapers three skyscrapers
and down here I like those little see
two drinks just there then what do you
think they do well you actually sit on
them okay the dairy meri khata I just
thought that it would be silly to miss
out on this fantastic architecture is
this is architecture and a leather
jacket shootout fifth day yeah leather
jacket from zara good why would you
wanna make their old shitty
she's gonna be bothered to put a knife
in on dates where I'm a flawed we make
her all right whoopsie that's wearing
flats all right dress for all safe she
loves this I was with her when she went
back to try and get the right time not
really surprising area Chanel luis's
drink I tremor some charmi jewelry smile
always wearing a smile and we're at
beauty calm and this is what it looks
like channel what salts question I found
Gemma and I thing has to be in my video
she's not really my friend no she's
really my cloak is like no no no Twitter
are hiding from from backside again
everyone oh and Luet give me you've been
having a really once again oh no
blogging and la same time we just had we
just we just had lunch and it was really
tasty and I were going to fly into
google here's the google I'm so happy
you actually quite like okay I like
Alexa I like you'll do your neighbor
here so i just randomly on your stomach
like oh yeah gonna have that i'm filming
Tomic we're into you I was wondering
like why don't
yeah they should have this yeah they've
got slips I've Fleur species on there
Gemma's face like all over this wall
people didn't think we're a bit weird
and drunk I think but yeah we're just
just had coconut watch okay I couldn't
find any yeah we're just chillin in the
YouTube what is it even called the
created a scream the Creator space and
here's a the green room in there
andreaschoice Kandee Johnson and fashtag
would just love it in here yeah we think
now there's like some kind of heartache
going on in here that's kind of like
yeah it's been always in here though
that's what it looks like
following you Gemma dad cinnamic music
now look all the sweet that's an
absolute ton of sweetzer valentine's
day-themed looking out whatever they are
bonbons chocolate I wanted to be forever
was she like since way way before making
videos and she's so amazing religious
and the weavers here holding to come oh
hi we also time I've used to come on and
I think this may be yeah dance I don't
know what maybe hello again I'm in sorry
guys I'm in the Tasca in a tapas
restaurant with Louie look how tall they
are they are like gonna finish it there
like Ali met how Jim they're good so
we've ordered chips with an egg on it
very well yeah do try to clear potato
gratin and then we're waiting for a few
other things and that's it really yeah
the day so far has been good but lots of
lovely people asked beautycon and we're
gonna go to the after-party in the
little while I think it starts pretty
soon as she will finish up these tasty
snacks and then we will be off
I know we didn't know but we're here in
home house which in one of my I'm having
to talk ready now me so you're just
looking to we use an alt or home house
is one of my favorite venues it looks
like there
super awesome i'm going to change the
camera around so you guys can see better
so this is the after party
you guys going to be our game eva yeah
so I just got home and it is now like
quarter past twelve is been a super
super long day I left the house at seven
thirty and then back now but Mike waited
up for me so I'm super happy to see him
and have a cuddle with my woof dog and I
will see you all tomorrow I hope you
guys had a great day
