hey guys and welcome to fed flogged a 17
so today this video is going to be a
little bit different to my normal follow
me around vlogs or tag videos I wanted
to do an update for you guys telling you
some pretty really exciting news I have
coming up I have been planning this for
kind of a while and I know a lot of you
will kind of have an inkling that this
will be happening but I wanted to make a
video kind of announcing officially and
telling you my plans and what I'm going
to be doing because it does involve some
of you guys if you want to come meet me
because there's going to be various
opportunities to meet me and now I feel
weird because I haven't actually told
you what it is yet essentially i am
going on a trip now i know you guys know
that I travel quite a lot i go on
holiday a lot i go to America a lot for
YouTube stuff but this trip is going to
be extra super duper awesome like 10
times more amazing than any other trip
I've ever been on because I am going
away for almost a whole month which is
kind of scary but kind of exciting i am
going to be at playlist live if you guys
don't know what playlist I visits a big
YouTube convention it's held in orlando
florida at the end of march i'll put all
the links to any events that i talked
about in the info Bob low so you guys
can go check them out if you are in the
area I will be doing a meet-and-greet I
will be there with a lot of my other
YouTube friends I'm traveling out there
with Tanya and Jim Nicki will be there
with her husband Dan like a lot of my
YouTube friends are going to be there
and I'm super super excited not only to
go there I've never been to orlando
florida before but also to check out
playmates I didn't go in the last few
years and I'm really excited and
obviously really really excited to meet
you guys so I will be doing a
meet-and-greet like I said there will be
more info I think on the website closer
to the time from playlist I am going to
be going to the Bahamas for a few days
with a few of my friends as well which
isn't actually linked into anything kind
of meetup wise but i just thought i
should let you know that because i don't
know how much everybody is talking about
when they're going or what they're doing
because i know a lot of youtubers are
traveling around that time because of
playlist but i'm going to be going there
with some of my YouTube friends as well
and then I can be flying over 2l
and I'm going to be doing a meter and I
like I don't know the details yet but I
will definitely be doing a meet up and i
will update you guys with that info and
then last but not least I'm going to be
stopping off at New York on my way home
and I'm going to be at imats New York so
you guys are very very welcome to come
and meet me there again i'll put the
link in there foo are below this video
to let you guys know where you can buy
tickets for that and come and meet me
I've been for the last two years to New
York I mats and both times have been
absolutely amazing and I met some great
people so if you are local to either
orlando florida LA or New York and you
want to come and meet me that I would
absolutely love that i will give you
more info as we go along kind of closer
to each of the events but just let you
know i will be there i'm excited to meet
some of you guys and that is probably it
for today I think yeah so that is what
is happening i'm so excited for this
trip sadly Mike's not coming with me but
a lot of my friends are gonna be there
so hopefully I won't listen to much but
that is my exciting news for today I
hope you guys all having an absolutely
amazing day normal vlogging will resume
tomorrow I'm really sorry there's been a
little bit of a backlog in terms of when
I can get my vlogs up when I came back
from France skiing I had a problem when
I was out there uploading so I kind of
got behind a day and then I was ill when
I came back if you can tell I'm kind of
like how cold right now but I should be
back on schedule by today and everything
will be sorted so I hope you guys are
enjoying these vlogs don't forget to
subscribe and give a thumbs up if you
liked this video and if you're excited
if you're coming to playlist let me know
if you're coming to imax New York let me
know and yeah I'm excited to meet you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow bye
