hello everyone and welcome to febc vlog
day 16 it's not actually the 16th today
because we missed a day when we were
skiing and we've got out of kilter so
I'm doing Q&A video with Mike to catch
up because you guys seem to like these
and today we are doing QA about dating I
tweeted about a few hours ago so we have
some questions from you all about dating
so first question
Georgia O'Rourke asks what is one thing
that will make you definitely want to go
on a second date I think I think for a
second date I think the second date I
think I think I am second date will be
cool they adjust themselves nice normal
people that they thought of just have a
fun time somebody a bit of connection
with me yeah think that would make me
definitely want to go on a second date
if I fancied them if Mike didn't know
about it just get it good no I think
yeah I just I just think if you like
them yeah I don't really think that's
one particular thing if they're
good-looking and you like them then why
not go on a second day of creeper what
is the biggest thing not to do on a date
you know I'm just gonna say the same
thing
pick your nose don't put your nose on
the dates don't fart or but I think five
things worse than birthing isn't it I
think in general just yeah don't do
anything disgusting okay this is an
interesting one from apps Sophie people
constantly say to be yourself how long
into the relationship does it take to
fully be yourself
I think should be yourself from the word
go I think there's no complaints of the
games is very daft it's something we
never did we never did games ever kind
of like but could come later on in it
yeah I don't think you should do that
straight away I'm the type of person
that enjoys picking in those and
birthday party with us it didn't take
very long at all but I think depends on
your self-confidence to start off with
and it also depends on how well you
click with that person I think and how
quickly the relationship presses because
the more or less you see somebody it can
really change how quickly your
relationship can develop so if you see
each other like every day for six months
it's going to go much faster than if you
see each other once a week so Ellie asks
should guys always make the first move I
don't necessarily think I made the first
move with us it's kind of mutual but I
think I let me put a kiss I think I was
like sure else like that I didn't get
mad I don't matters I don't miss any II
there's no rules regulations you just go
with the flow Fatima mooyah asks how was
your very first date and we actually did
get quite a few questions about our
first date like what we did and how it
was so our first official date we went
to lunch at a country pub and it was not
really nice actually I think we were
both a bit hungover there's a bit at
parties nightfall and it was really nice
nice nice lunch had a good chat and you
drive me home I pretty much knew that I
really liked you and once your
girlfriend for like half an hour after
me
well I thought you were kind of good
this is an interesting one date related
yeah on Twitter asks do you split the
check and go 50/50 or should men always
pay Andrew this is something that we
might fight about all the time because I
always try and pay or pay 50/50 and Mike
always try something gentlemanly thing
to do to pay if you are the person that
has asked them out on a date and you
have gone hunting yeah thank you that is
and if it's a man that is a good thing
to do it feels a lady awesome out there
maybe then I think it might be
acceptable but personally I'm
traditionalist if you've asked them to
come in today I agree with that I think
they should pay you know however now
like if we go out on a date obviously
you know we're like five years along the
line it really annoys me when you don't
let me pay yeah we have a vice ballot
every time I think it's nice to be
another thing though even if you even if
the other party does pay whether or not
they're male or female it's so rude and
what really I really really dislike
whether it's done by girls or guys is
when the other party doesn't offer to
pay and you just like oh yeah thanks for
dinner I think it's always really
important to offer just list it and if
they say no graciously accept that but I
did you learn from the groceries the
accepting oh yeah I'm not very
graciously accept it no I want to pay
for this one and you're like no and then
it's and then I just end up like throw
my card like down the back chairs and
something
so so annoying someone's a bit
traditional
Erica D asks how did Mike ask you out
I'm pretty sure I just said so that's
that one I think the first time we met
you facebooked me to get in touch Mike's
first ever contact with me after the
first night we met was a Facebook
message that started with Fleur how the
devil are you like three days after I'd
met you as if like I would be a lot
different to last time
how would devil are you we're / how does
might get his ideas and find inspiration
to find to surprise you on dates don't I
think the way it maybe not the dates are
just things get a lot of presents and
stuff of that I think inspiration is
just listening to what they say what
your partner says is having a key and
just every now and then not straight so
after they said it they're going you
doing it but on it you must downline
mentally I think it's kind of like try
and do something like you know if we
want to go to if there's a cool
restaurant we ought to go to you did
surprise me sometimes he took me two
years ago he took me to Rhema Bronx
restaurant in Oxford fountains they
actually did a half of the day way black
box he's like two years ago and it's an
outfit that I was wearing a pink dress
that was surprised that was really
awesome surprise right that is it for
the Q & A thanks Mike for joining me
it's very late now and we're gonna go to
bed
good bye
by
Oh
