hey guys so it's Feb flog day 15 and
it's our last day skiing and we just
packed up all our stuff put it in the
car and are now like locking up the
chalet and getting ready for the 12-hour
car journey so yeah we're on our way
home it is actually a beautiful day
outside as well which makes me like not
want to go even more but I think it
would probably be really icy today
because the road was SuperDuper icy last
night Mike's here he's been packing up
the car you ready to roll yep
ready to go and Baxter ian is my and
yeah I guess we'll keep you updated from
the car hopefully we're gonna try and
make it a little bit different to the
last 12 hour car journey which consisted
of who's in the bag but you know we'll
see we'll see yeah we're still gonna
play using back we might be just might
not record it so much this time if we
like to exact same vlog at the same time
but we'll come up with some more car
games today something exciting bye bye
more zine it looks so nice today I can't
quite see the blue sky I wanna try and
show oh okay
the windows frozen girls is it - saying
yep oh that's so pretty
Slayers cocktails
see you later Morsy look at this few
guys it's actually amazing
in the body well there we go there we go
well guys we've stopped at an ever
glamorous petrol station it is a weird
petrol station that looks like it looks
like some kind of military bunker I'm
not gonna lie look at the sides it's
covered in grass cool though anyway and
also there's many people smoking as they
have a break in the petrol station you
mister you there are smoking in a petrol
station good blows or luck not careful
how inconsiderate anyway we stopped for
a lunch break
and we found French petrol stations have
the worst selection of like non
processed food like all of the
sandwiches look so sketchy but we
managed to find these salads were like
oh these look nice you know like a bit
of ham or whatever in it open it up like
it's like reminds me of Japanese like
super organized it's got a test tube of
dressing or three little what are they
called breadsticks and yeah there is the
salads looking good and we all got the
same thing and I you right there in
front
Lissie gone mmm you can't free cuz she
bought M&Ms and I bought a coffee what
looks like a normal coffee oh no it's
actually got banana and chocolate syrup
in it but I think the machine was out of
milk so it's given me a black banana
coffee it's a bit weird pour it on there
oh oh
what do you think oh yeah oh yeah busted
so we have now been in the car okay can
we have ten hours we been through a game
office in the back we've been through a
game of I spy we've watched looper for
the second time this week for me because
and then we also watched 500 days of
summer and thanks to Mike we watched a
episode of Top Gear when we're in the
tunnel we are now back in England in the
front we are nearly home you've cried Oh
crowded laughter I was like I missed
that when were you crying so I think
we're about 45 minutes away from home we
and I'm excited to see whoopee it's like
banana coffee this banana coffee that I
got earlier it's weird it's just weird
not good we're home and little Shinobi's
here someone was super duper excited to
see us when we walked in do I smell
funny
do I smell funny good girl
everyone is left now it's kind of sad
I'm so sad that it's all over what are
you doing oh my goodness so much to pack
away
we are absolutely egg sauce it I'm sure
you're even more sources because
someone's been driving for like 12 hours
well I did it in under 12 thank you did
you beat your record vision didn't be
the record so weird how driving my all
day makes you really tired like I don't
get it cuz you're not really doing
anything
as its no but you're mental but like
being a path
mental like chicken oriental but being a
passenger just ties you out as well
you're not actually doing anything
you're just like sitting in a class but
yeah I'm gonna go to bed and I will see
you tomorrow good bye and there's nobody
to say goodbye tonight but let's do you
