guys what was I thinking when I decided
to stay out till 4:00 in the morning I'm
now so tired and I have another day of
Fashion Week idea so I actually have a
really late start today so it's fine
really my first show today is Topshop I
feel like I look really rough cuz I'm
sitting in like really harsh light next
to the window with no makeup on but I
don't care but yeah my first show is
Topshop at 2:00 p.m. then I have Peter
Palazzo at 3:00 and that's going to be a
stress getting to that because I feel
like Topshop won't start till at least
half - but we will see
fingers crossed I'll make it and then I
work temporary tonight which I'm super
excited about because I think that was
my favorite show last season yeah her
stuff is amazing so yep slow start for
me I think I'm meeting Jack for
breakfast actually I need to text in but
yeah give me all the coffee and all the
water and my ear is also looking awesome
but really kind of swollen at the same
time crazy that was so crazy have a
pacing boost party but I loved it
amazing so I've just got ready I am so
hoarse I just realized I've just got
really up shop and I'm going to
do the same as yesterday and try and
show you my outfit from here which is
going to be really difficult let's do
this guy's so my actual outfit is all
talk shop for the coat in Topshop and
then I have on my black jumpsuit which
looks like this underneath which is a
little bit dressy for the Topshop kind
of vibe but I'm just going with it cool
before out what I have and then I have
my Prada bag and I have these amazing
shoes on it also
Topshop but they're the collaboration
with Molly Godard Godard hope you say I
don't know but I really like them I'm
trying to show you without falling over
really love those good try and put
pictures of all my outfits on my
Instagram so you guys will see my outfit
shop through Instagram anyway here's a
little look in my crazy mirror as well
in case you want to see I feel like I
need a proper full length mirror guys
that was my however also been watching
helix and one Episode five already I
started watching a couple days ago it's
so good kind of scary but so so good
no I did it take modern for the copshop
show I'm walking toward my little come
down here oh hi I might be step are
throwing me is like every third step I
think I'm going to trip a sighing look
at Susie she okay go I almost went
flying lots of people saw it was very
embarrassing and alright Fashion Week
it's like how cool is this is a take
mother it's also very weird and serene
like walking through here and it seems
like a lot Carmen and the rest of
fashion we've been so far here we are
or top so now we just put my nothing so
I just got out Topshop it was awesome
it's always one of my favorites and I'm
now rushing to get people also because I
have I think like half an hour to a
start should be perfect enough time I'll
probably I should even get it early I
was like so worried about it actually
not too far away so yeah Topshop was so
awesome and loved it I love tops
replicas such as like accessible brand
their shows always awesome the lighting
and that was insane and yeah love it
the peaceful author was so beautiful
like even the venue was just stunning
and the coke oh my god the coat I'm
noticing so much orange from experience
rasie oranges apparently the color and
actually just being this and what we're
wearing orange and also like expose
their details as well there was quite a
lot of it data we are missing yesterday
and then Lowe's in Houston lot they're
like zip down the front of houses and
like on the back and dresses like big
chunky it closed it I love I'm now
heading to take some other pictures of
my outfit today and then I'm going to
pencil you this evening which I am very
excited about because I think how show
with my favorite the last Fashion Week
so yeah I'm excited see what's up trying
and not to trip over in my heels along
strand right now
oh my god what my man well I'll actually
go let's go there this is not normal
okay
my hair is feeling a little bit crazy
and my phone is going off and which is
there we go
anyway I don't know why I'm doing it's
the end they were very long they I've
just got back to my flat and I cannot
tell you how excited I am right now
I get to take these shoes off I have
happy fun since I see I feel like not
maybe not that long had all those 12 and
it's now like 9 o'clock I'm like get
them off my feet I walk so far today we
release look at my ugly feet or actually
don't look around you see if I had such
a lovely evening temple II was beyond
beautiful
although the layout and trying to like
focus on my face little bit sorry for
the terrible quality vogue the last two
days guys as you know camera disaster
but company work in credible so so so so
so beautiful but the Leija was a bit
rubbish like they just they didn't have
any tearing in the seating at all so I
was second row and I just we could
really see anything so I hope you guys
got to be able to see some of that stuff
from the footage I have actually looked
at it back yet I'm hoping you'll be able
to see because the dresses were out of
this world and then I've just never been
with my friends Susie and Josie and now
back in flat I have some editing to do
because as you have noticed I've long
have been late again because Fashion
Week has been so busy and I should have
come back last night and I ended up
staying up super late that was my fault
I know it's gonna do it update away is
looking a little bit swollen this map I
feel like that's normal for day 1 after
having a piercing but I really like it
like I really like a placement on it
basically what I wanted to do was to
have like one two and then this would be
like number four and I'm missing three
if you I mean so it's just on my earlobe
but not like it's like almost on my
cartilage no I really like it I'm really
happy with it listen what my other ear
currently looks like and I keep getting
questions about my days piercing which
was this one here
had to take out because it got infected
I get so many questions about that more
than like a lot of other things like
especially any other piercings basically
kids we live around now did it hurt yes
it hurt so much that piercing is the
most painful thing I've ever had in my
life
but I loved it I absolutely loved it I
loved the way it looked
I loved the ring like everything but it
got so infected but I had one course of
antibiotics and it didn't work and then
I tried to get another course for my
doctor and he was right
no you're going to have to take it out
and you can get it reappears if you want
so I'm kind of undecided about whether
or not to get it repierced what do you
guys think should I do it is that a
stupid idea obvious I'm gonna wait for
this one feel first but like is that a
really good idea can't decide right I'm
going to edit some vlogs now and I'll
see you guys while well well well look
what just arrived this is the charge of
I ordered on Amazon same-day delivery
arriving the next day at 9:00 p.m. not
very impressed to that service guys damn
it if I don't have this this morning the
fog would have been so much better
oh well now I'm going to charge my
camera another note this is actually a
super compact little travel charger
which I'm hoping it doesn't blow up or
anything and actually charge as well and
if it does I'm actually quite happy with
this purchase because literally a tiny
and it will be on my handbag great so I
definitely fell asleep whilst editing
off my guys whilst editing that is
pretty impressive I was so tired so I'm
going to end up here and say good
evening to you all it will be back to
normal quality programming tomorrow I
hope you have enjoyed today's vlog and
I'll see you then good bye
