good morning lovely people I'm here
again with my double glasses technique
it's FEHB fog day 14 happy Valentine's
Day to you all
Mike's outside he's wishing he will have
Valentine's Day happy Valentine's Day as
well but he did a bit of a strop because
his knee is hurting so he's like hurry
up girls hurry up
so me and Becky here in our twinsies
jackets which was not intentional we
didn't know about this and we're off
this is round the corner in her PJs
she's having the morning off and we're
gonna meet her at lunchtime I don't like
such a weirdo and you're like here we
like no glasses and no helmet on yeah
lucky go we all look Ikki way oh yeah ah
look what I found written in the snow I
heart well I wonder who wrote that was
it you hey guys so we're back down the
mountain now and we at lunch time
basically Mike's foot is really not very
good so he wanted to come back down Lisi
was having half the day off anyway so we
just thought we're just gonna chill out
and have a nice lunch down here and have
a chilled day
poor old Mike is on the sofa with a bag
of peas on his knee
silly silly boy doing the wall yesterday
yeah he's not in its usual chatty self
my eyeballs about to fall out so I got
my glasses on so yeah we're off to our
regular internet cafe as all four days
and then we are going to get a takeaway
pizza for Mike and then some food for us
I'm quite excited what we can get yet so
that's what we're doing we're walking
down this very lovely snowy road and
yeah bit of an update really I'm not
gonna you know are you oh but it was so
good yesterday
so guys we went to the internet cafe and
uploaded
ah stuff and then a little bit have
rescues will be walking uphill but then
we went it took a while and then we went
to the takeaway place it was brimming
shut so we had to resort to going to the
super mushy and we are making it back up
the hill I got the laptops on my back
the girls are Kotler this shopping so
lysse she just got a question I'm not
complaining I'm just intrigued us to
your your ie you know it's not you sure
you weren't just crying after on the
before yeah you say that I'm putting on
a movie so guys it's Valentine's Day
night and as a special celebration Lissy
has cooked an amazing meal which I will
show you later we haven't eaten it yet
but it looks amazing we'll show you
later and Becky has created a very
romantic atmosphere for all four of us
we're all here in our slobby clothing me
in particular I have my onesie on and my
UGG boots Mike is wearing a fetching
ensemble a furry hat a hoodie and
tracky bums Becky's in her track you
bums lyses actually wearing a nice rugby
shirt and jeans you know you're not
stopping up you're not early enough so
yeah oh yeah I was gonna get round to
this I was gonna get round alright do
you want to explain it well this he
basically said that music was too quiet
so she for iPhone in a tee genius oh
it's a dog teapot I won by sokham so it
actually works actually the speaker it's
amazing got a bottle of Prosecco and
we've got some
smoked salmon blinis a candle and years
of you if you can't just see my
reflection over the village or town as I
would say probably is now and yeah
basically having a nice romantic evening
or four of us you know yes
chef Leslie is wrapping up the tasty
lasagna oh look at that Mike's got a
manly portion I've got a semi manly
portion as well and we have the
all-important
hot pepper sauce hell yeah yeah Mike's
not a fan of mushrooms onions we've got
the fire and background
we're having a thoroughly yes we're all
having thoroughly romantic evenings
pinchi Mike's bum
oh love some water thank you madam is
very kind right that's it for tonight
guys I'm gonna love you and leave you or
hope you all had a fantastic Valentine's
Day and just to rub it all in we've got
hearts on the napkins see you tomorrow
bye bye just about to give the girls a
Valentine's Day present daily Oh
