well hello everyone and welcome to febc
blog de 30 yeah 30 it's lucky I think
it's lucky not unlucky so we're in the
car this morning and we're driving to
the next resort because there's more
skiing it is a glorious day you can see
out there you'll see more later but so
yeah we're on our way to the other
resort and that is about all I have
apart from the fact that some beep
parked in our parking space last night
that Mike took how long digging out
between hour and hour digging out the
snow for the night before he came along
and he parked in it really private space
me and Becky got the rage we've got the
rage are you with your car in our space
come out yeah we're trying to take out
the space next to it but it took too
long so we just put the snow front of
his car and blocked him in everyone's
gonna think we're really evil now but it
took us like an hour oh my god what's
that with a light ah it took us like an
hour to dig that's but I took Mike an
hour to dig that space out yeah big fat
meanie so we put precautions today we
put a chain across the parking space
this is our space goddammit so yeah
we're off into the sunshine it's been
really snowy for the last few days which
means pretty pants blogging to be honest
because you can't really see much of the
beautiful scenery so we're off we're all
up the mountain road is low which I'll
show you know we find once you get up
top looks cloudy there but if you look
out the other side it looks super nice
it's blue and it will clear up towards
end of the day it's only 9:30 9:45
actually
we had the best dinner last night we had
homemade steak on stone and brick Latin
it was so yummy oh there's a big it was
teat okay I'm gonna go down by look at
the epic view it's Sony woohoo we've
actually come out of the clouds
we've gone above the clouds yeah so
we're at the top of the mountain yeah
yeah Mike skied off miserable bugger but
it's a beautiful day around here right
now so we're now at the top zone none of
us going oh my god he's good on their
own as well
okay don't dive for the wedding like it
would really suck
so there's Mike there he ended up on the
other side of here but he got down okay
I'm just worried he might hurt his knee
because he did fall we saw him it was
bloomin terrifying that's what he's just
skied down so that's how steep it is we
got the riff down and there's a lot of
people going down at though so I wasn't
too worried but I feel like he's hurt
his knee like the way he was skiing
let's wait for him to come round you all
right baby
did you hurt your knee yeah wasn't my
deal
we saw you yeah and that's me knee
behind you we thought he was coming to
help you in Luke in the ORAC he sprayed
it all over you and then fell over so we
were like oh you know you meanie in
hindsight would you do it again yes well
I think you're stupid stop for a little
lunch break got some goulash we actually
managed to find you lash in France which
I was very excited about they're
normally whisky in Austria then she's
got a middle-aged going on have a good
discount
oh yeah we're in Switzerland with key to
Swiss and that's why very good advice
cos my pole which is actually very tasty
I just stole something and that is it a
minute now so pretty cold and the Sun
Silla we're back from skiing and we're
in the car crazy hair and all that he's
here my eyes really saw I think I might
have like an eye infection or something
it's really wow I don't know what's
wrong with it
okay my contact lenses feel really like
strange when I'm wearing my goggles and
I just I don't know whether it's the
brightness or my eyes are really sore
anyway but oh yeah look at the roofs
there's been I might have to like
there's been so much snow
there's been so much snow here that the
route look how much snow is on the roofs
and yesterday we actually saw somebody
shoveling it off so much that I've never
seen so much snow in my life it's mental
but yeah I'm gonna dive I didn't have a
neck thing so my neck and this was
unzipped at times lying on it oh my god
I was so cold
we saw some go oh my god and we still
four year old skiing oh my they were so
cute I like the weather today it has
been mental it's been like beautiful
sunshine blue skies and then the cloud
comes in and it's like freezing and you
can't see anything yeah looking rosy
from the mountain we're in the back of
the car now whilst these two old NIH's
the way because we're gonna get in
trouble oh I don't know if I agree with
this guy's and there's a car coming
oh my goodness where apparently going to
the oldest build ah or the oldest
building in mozi not we've the farmhouse
we're going for drinks and then we're
going to different restaurants for
dinner so does your name does anyone
know what dinner is in French
well convert that doing bacon same thing
to be honest
so now we're actually in the oldest
building in the whole of Morsy and I
couldn't film properly because they were
playing one direction so loud so I
thought I would do a voiceover so I
could show you but yeah we are having a
nice drink this is the room really
really cool bar yay we're in the
restaurant it is apparently what Michael
rules the couch because I think that
wait she's probably still about it
happens every time
every time because there are a lot of
cows okay I'm not gonna lie I always
choose to look every time they come up
to do something I just in there like so
yeah we're gonna eat Becky and I'm
starving just decided to order oh yeah
sbit carbonara and what are you allergic
to wheat
yeah I've been so good I like a car
journey here I haven't had it you had
actually like a pregnant food baby belly
from being 10 and today I had a carrot
cupcake I'm so good with lychee wait a
second
yes so good sorry god 3 3 2 go English
or green and our Dijon mustard
so Becky's carbonara has come with a
broad and apparently according to Lizzie
this is how they do it progress we have
to pour on
and then community mazing okay and this
is my no go salad yeah right look at
this amazing musical Oh someone's got a
tree in their ice cream trees all of us
we are back home now and headed to bed I
thought I would just sign off and say
goodnight and I will see you tomorrow
goodbye
