hey guys it's been logged a 12 and today
we're gonna be doing the chili challenge
oh this isn't actually a challenge that
has been established by other people as
far as I know we could start it we can
start this chili challenge if you want
to do it feel free to leave it as a
video response I know there are a lot of
videos on YouTube where they do eat very
hot chilies but we're just making it
into a chili challenge so we have three
different varieties of chili I believe
we have a jalapeno a bird's eye pepper
and the scotch bonnet pepper which is
very famous for being rather potent now
Lizzy and I if you haven't seen listen
before she's been in many of my blogs
and we have spoken about doing the chili
challenge before we both really like
chili but whether we can handle these I
don't know there are warnings online
about not even handling peppers our
friend Becky is sitting on the next door
chair to us laughing so we're gonna
start we also have glasses of milk
available because apparently they have a
bottle Evoque just against glass isn't
enough this happens so much about where
they eat the whole chili because I think
if we a whole scope on it we may just
die oh no it's quite small I think
they're meant to like burn your fingers
bring your hearts and sizes so it's more
about actually like you can deal with it
and you can deal with it more but it's
so hardcore as well as I'm not okay so
this is a person I think it's like a
shower you got okay yeah okay bye what's
gonna be some bites toughest okay what
all right okay
oh that's what my initial reaction was
just bump it down the past encounters
haulin a head out the pot I think we
both need about the same two don't mind
there's a lot going on the peaceable
milk let's just reach the ear 11.8 okay
yeah great one each one them up okay run
it for an hour
oh we've got some oh we do have green
one - oh so we go to the bus I don't
leave the big red ones please my lord
are you ready yeah
watch it watch it
oh yeah what do you think Becky is an
outside voice on this challenge yes okay
not like normal I don't rub your eyes or
anything
yeah that's fine
oh okay
- I go I'm just better at hiding it
right yeah hey guys I guess we'll see
tomorrow when we'll resume is exactly
like lying down dead on so the resume
normal programming tomorrow I actually
feel like someone's got a ski pole and
shoved it through that's what as a
certificate skipper not even a nice no
ask equal um yeah so we'll see you
tomorrow
