morning everyone its Bev lasse 11 and we
were aiming to leave the house by 9:30
wait 10 now but the snow is coming down
I think there was I woke up in the night
thinking that there was a train going
over you know when you're asleep and all
that hang on there's no trains here and
I was like earthquake and I was like
hang on I don't think that'd be an
earthquake here I was like sunrise have
cannons that set the snow off but this
was definitely rumbling so yeah the
whole it was like a big rumble and we
should look online see if there was we
have to shoot actually show you outside
it's like snowing why it's yeah it well
it's cleared a little bit actually since
earlier this is what it looks like
outside adds a moment so you can't
really see much beyond the garden but
we're gonna go up anyway see what it's
like we don't want to scare let's see
too much as well to be honest I'm really
scared quite as well but you're wearing
a white top I have black trousers and
red stripes yeah I'll be all right
but it's light now as we'll take some
goggles yeah yeah we might go there
we'll have to just keep keep together
per team we were the team team we've had
a chai
yeah so I'm not thinking too much today
because I'm she says that she says that
what have you got there a tea orange
juice and porridge and porridge there so
Becky has a bit of a and when you're on
the slopes is here to go yes they had a
Roman adventure into the tree soon is
great great to run into the trees and
you can't run in so it's up to your
waist did you face flood I think well
kind of like the whole thing was just it
was awful awful yeah sure is if I makeup
bag by the sink use the little square
one the Chanel one
it was so bad nobody had any sympathy
for me and yeah so today I can't do that
cuz I'm gonna get lost in the trees in
this snow so we'll see we're going on an
adventure
yeah Mike's here waiting because three
girls like a lot like it was just
destroyed this his house as well from
that he threw them away
put them in the fire
oh by the way he's gonna incinerate them
later
what well yeah that's about all I have
to say this morning see you later Oh
Mike and I are just going to pick up his
skis here yes we're just cleaning the
car off because alright we put them in
for service last night because I was a
big chunk missing out the possible of
them and so we're going to pick those up
it's a little bit of snow like on the
road on the car it's snowed quite a lot
so I'm guessing the skiing will be good
but I know if you'll be able to see up
there mind you I can see the trees now
behind us just we couldn't see even any
other other chalets earlier so get in
the car and off we dropped so we picked
up the skis that they are in the back
apparently according to Mike I don't
really know much Russkies but panting
they've done a real good job and they
gave us the star Freight of 20 euros for
servicing them that was awesome it was
actually the same shop that we were in
last night when we were flogging
uploading videos and we were in there
for like two and a half hours me and
Becky and you know how nice them gives
us stuff right they didn't tell us about
that but that's cool so if you're ever
in more zien guys go to beanies and tell
them they are awesome and get coffee and
there are free Wi-Fi and the best
strategy in the world in the whole world
it was the best iPad anyway yeah on a
ski lift forgot Mike on the end there
his middle me and Alyssa is here not
gonna live long on my iPhone on a ski
lift with holding it like really really
backwardly because I'm filming myself is
quite precarious so I'm not gonna vlog
for long but the snow is cleared out
then we're skiing there's a beautiful
snow he and let's commence the ski so
guys I've just gone and jumped in the
shower and got ready to go out for
dinner because we're going out tonight
and I come downstairs low and behold
look who's on the sofa with his neon
trousers watching Top Gear he can't get
away from Jeremy Clarkson even when I'm
up a mountain he's still here the girls
are getting really excited upstairs
about makeup as well for Lent Becky the
Lancome Hypnose star miscarriages like
its death and what do you up to wanting
to go to sleep are you tired I'd like to
stay in and just have a nice few drinks
massive pizza and then it's not far away
the top of the stairs he's sleepy hey
guys we are on our way to the restaurant
mike has bailed decided he was retired
he's a loser it's how she really dark
and if you'll even be upstairs now but
we're going on a girls night out to the
restaurant oh wait don't get run over
oh wait that's it that's down there more
of like a rusty maybe just a bottle of
wine just yeah Oh God yeah hungry off we
try anyway it's really cold
okay guys so we've gone for the most
epic meal in the world Lizzie and I have
steak on the stove or not so good meat
on the stove demanding needs we have
many meats here and we put them on the
stone and we cook them and we also have
and we also have this is turning the
chicken right now check it out oh the
way to walked out and thought I was
crazy this is looking good we have some
potato gratin and some salad Becky on
so guys we have just got back and I take
my contact lenses out and I feel like
blind Mike has been here waiting for us
apparently we took how long like well we
have where how are you really nice curly
evening chatting about girly stuff you
did ask to be left on your own did you
have a nice evening without girls thank
goodness for that I don't know what's
going on here there's some kind of boot
removal technique but guys that is it
for today I'm gonna take all these
layers off and have a nice time cuddling
on the sofa probably asleep
