good morning lovely people it is fatberg
day 10 I'm here with Mike in the kitchen
and we and we are going up my helmet I'm
not gonna lie it looks a bit geeky I'm a
little bit hesitant about sticking this
on my helmet but we're gonna go with it
we can go with it for the sake of you
guys and entertaining you here it is
that's the only thing that's got to stay
on but when you actually put the camera
on you have this thing like on top of
your head and I feel like everyone's
gonna think you're like a pro skier
because you have a GoPro and I'm gonna
ski and they'd be like that girl there's
got a GoPro and she is like a rubbish so
you can wear it and then they can laugh
at you and I think you should take I
think you should take the overlay off
this jacket and just wear your green
inside one let's try it it's done yes so
there we go guys are getting ready for
skiing outfit of the day I've got my
thermal top on my sexy ski trousers and
some socks and then I don't have
anything else on yet so what is he a pop
from underwear but yeah we're about to
have some tasty cereal breakfast and a
cup of tea and there will be up the
mountain and it is ridiculously glorious
blue skies out there can you see this
look at that
hell yeah whoa we're skiing while we're
in the lift we're nearly skiing we're
nearly there
Becky's around popular boost ever taki
benefit sorry sister we've been beg
stealing you borrowing everybody's hair
looking a decidedly garish so yeah we're
off is a blooming nice day love very
good it's rate good
so Becky and I just ordered soup
thinking that would just be played to
with a bit of silence but oh yeah so one
good pizza in a coffee shop trying to
get internet connection we have the
tastiest IT in the world it's amazing
these little ones they like the
caramelized biscuits so good so we are
it sprouts because we've managed to find
the fastest internet apparently in the
village it's taking ten hours to upload
one of my blogs so I don't know where
you can be seeing this yeah it would be
drive back and upload it I'm trying to
make the size of the videos smaller so
that we can upload faster but don't have
a file without an area we could lay our
own fiber optic cable in yeah
had a good day skiing anyway I'm still
cold but you know we're still winos
Rosie might shake a bit lately
Bonjour Mon Ami we are cooking our
dinner right now or is it Masami more
amis my friend Nozomi is my friends
right great French we are cooking for
haters got everything ready to go
chicken everything all ready and the gas
isn't working at the moment so Mike is
going outside to try and
whereas kettle and torch off he goes
lyses here laying the table rather
nicely what what have you got going on
here okay
can we not see yet
what are they can anyone guess what
these are I personally think they may go
on your head Lissie got left on her own
for about two hours when we were
uploading my video got Kindergarten Cop
in the background Mike got very excited
we found that that was on and basically
that is what we are doing this evening
we got some gin and tonics on the girl
having a rather nice evening and spot it
really my feet in fajita cooking
technology and Aziz has a say lysse is
currently trying to explain her choice
in half so far this cap is apparently
mine because white wine I see is this
cap mine that's people who film stuff
really I always work out okay so which
one is Becky's where are the Miss
Becky's that like I think my finger I
think the UM it's out Michael graduation
my hat is yours because you're a teacher
yeah okay yeah well
all right step to the plate mine step oh
my god do we have to well you know I
just might
wiggity off the heat is right
