so I am in the tube right now waiting
for the train which is just coming I
actually have more gate I'm going to
Louisville Street and this tube station
already really reminds me of the New
York subway because it's kind of open if
anyone's been to New York subway on
their way it looks like this whereas
normal two stations are a little bit
more closed form it's true so I made it
to live for sweet
behind me I don't actually come to this
side of London very often I'm usually
kind of like around central it's kind of
crazy in this train station right now
but I got the early find meeting so I'm
gonna go I don't know where from they're
getting very strange types of logging
today guys so I managed to find a
Starbucks yay vanilla spiced latte time
for me look how they spot my name flee
like I'm a flee but there's like three
roads in a road closed which the ones
that I want to walk down so thanks I am
having to find an alternative route and
I do not know my way around and then
kinda like Liverpool Street area so I'm
just gonna have to wing it they had like
the three trees that I wanted to walk
down we'll all close with construction
so yeah I'm often my name is flea so I
managed to take some kind of crazy
massive detour and it's actually taking
me like the amount of time that I was
early to walk there which would normally
be nice but it's so freakin cold today
I'm glad I got my coffee cuz my fingers
are like freezing to my phone right now
filming this but this is where I am if
anyone doesn't know
what the Gerson is it's really famous
it's kind of now it's hidden behind a
bus so famous building in the city in
London now on my way back home after a
whistle stop me sing and trip to London
literally I've been in London for an
hour and a half and then I'm going back
I have a personal training session this
afternoon which I'm not looking forward
to come but you've got to do these
things you've got to do them on the
wedding fitness kick so yeah I'll keep
you updated I need some concealer around
my nose it's gone when you read I've
been feeling a bit sniffly actually the
last videos I'm not getting a cold if I
am back in the car now and I'm off to a
personal training session today it feels
like it is just like I haven't had the
chance to stop and breathe apart from
the train so I'm gonna go and tie myself
out on the treadmill and I will see you
later looking decidedly more sweaty I
would be willing to bet hello everyone I
am back home now and I've been joined by
my amazing friend Becky who is coming
skiing with us we are off skiing first
thing tomorrow morning
Mike's a little bit excited ani because
you're worth it Mike divorce we are
doing something really naughty you're
doing we're ordering a Chinese no I
don't want Lizzie is joining us after
dinner because she's eating with her
parents so yeah that's pretty much it
for today what else has been going on
so FIFA yeah boring you played FIFA ball
you can hear it we're gonna hear that
rumble in the background that's video
game though like why do they need to put
that you're on a football now you've
been to the end well you know I went one
so where once but yeah we're getting
ready for skiing how much have you over
packed basically I always turn up to
your house about 10 mags I've got it in
one but for one for one night she brings
ten bags so for a week the back of my
car is like this
you joking I've got wellies I've got
flats
I've got boots I've got warm what do you
expect it to be on it everybody oh and
I've got the best thing who's in the bag
more party games I don't object to but
I'm not gonna lie when you go skiing you
tend to wear ski boots all day every day
I would well it was very good I'm glad
cuz I don't know when would you wear
high-heeled skiing it's in the ice
that's so random things I can't wait to
Pat my case and show you because you're
shakin this girl guys she is just the
end of a force cops force car every
benchmark e-juice nudes yeah so she
owned packs I haven't packed like
anything I packed like two biddies one
pair of jeans which I'm gonna be wearing
and then like tracky buns and I pack
things like these little things to put
over your wellies so the air doesn't get
down sunglasses are you wear a helmet
because I marry everyone I'm sorry I
know my peer pressure right let's order
this Chinese let's order it so guys the
Chinese has arrived
hell yeah what it sees me Chum whoops in
the background like I'm going to eat
this now and then we are going skiing
yeah I've already got my skiing head
gear on especially we will see you in
the morning very early for a very long
road trip nice to drive the whole way
aren't you all on your own
I wonder how long that will last I'm
with Bob no you drive away guarantee it
he's really what he's won't let anyone
else drive away with my games I've got
you can stay in the front I'm just like
sleep coffee and games
yeah bag see tomorrow
