hey guys it's Febvre numero seven and
today I am attempting to pack for skiing
now it's actually like midnight already
I haven't started a vlog until
technically the next day which is bad I
know but I've been filming videos all
day to try and get some content up for
when I'm away because they don't want to
leave you guys high and dry with no
Beauty videos so my hair is looking kind
of crazy and my eyes are tired and
blurry from editing but I am going to
attempt to pack now because I it's
basically Thursday night right now and
tomorrow I am headed to London for some
meetings and then we have some friends
coming over in the evening so it's gonna
be super hectic so I need to try and
pack tonight before we go away so I'm
doing that yeah and packing for skiing
as well as kind of hard because we're
driving and we actually all don't have
that much space in the car because it's
four of us in one car driving out there
so we need to pack kind of light so I
just thought I would show you what I'm
taking with me and kind of packing at
the same time like I haven't actually
organised it yet I've just gotten whisky
again ski gear out so this is what I
have so far so here is my big pile of
ski mess I've got my boot bag which my
boots are not in because they're over
here on the floor because I was putting
them on last night to see if they were
still as painful as last year these
boots I actually got they're my first
ever own pair of boots that I bought we
bought that last year Mike got some as
well and they are like so tight I need
to like properly break them in there
they did kind of get better towards the
end of last year so we went skiing twice
last year but they're gonna hurt they're
basically yeah gonna really hurt anyway
so those go in there and then I'm gonna
try and fit basically almost ski gear
inside here so I have my helmet here
which a lot of people don't wear helmets
when skiing I always do I think safety
first guys I just have it's a pretty
dorky looking helm actually you guys
will see it next week because this is
gonna be crazy filming by the way I'm
like doing it with one hand you'll see
this next week a lot because obviously
you're gonna come skiing with us but let
me just
time for you to show you all quite how
sexy I look in this helmet hell yeah
that's my helmet and then I have
basically like a hundred black under
layers so I'm not a hundred but I like
most of my under layers of blacks I have
like this thermal here which is actually
really old I've had that for a long long
time another thermal here which is my
favorite one this is a really really
nice one from North Face until Mike
attempted to iron it look and like burnt
it there's the iron mark no skills but
these are really good the North Face
thermals are the best then I have a
fleece this one's actually new might got
some new ski trousers and I bought this
because it was pretty cheap for a fleece
usually ski fleece is like 50 quid this
was 20 quid I think and then another
thermal essential because I get cold
I've got another fleece this one I've
had since I was 14 it's still going
strong still soft
another fleece like a thicker one to put
over the top of that as you can tell
like lots of blacks and grays and then I
just have this random bright purple one
because it was on sale so I got that
then I've got loads of socks my ski
gloves which are also from North Face
these are really warm I've been through
loads of ski gloves in the time that
I've been skiing I'm risking probably
like on and off since I was nine but
regularly since I was about 15 and I've
been through so many cheap gloves I just
it's worth spending a bit of money on
your gloves I think these were like 35
pounds or something I got them reduced
but they are so much warmer than buying
there wasn't TK Maxx everything else
like generally get from TK Maxx but
North Face leggings which like just
thermal trousers these ones I had
literally had I got these in the second
year at school so I was 30 and 14 they
are baby pink which I'm not very
attractive people in 1d ask each others
got a couple of were they called polo
necks and then this is my ski jacket oh
my god girls are here too these are just
black plain black gold this is my ski
jacket which I really like again this
was TK Maxx purchase I'm kind of looks
quite racer e but the only problem with
this is actually like discolored quite a
lot on the front I've only worn this
for two trips so two weeks basically at
well and it's discolored quite a lot and
then also because it has like a material
on the inside of the sleeves and stuff
it's like bubbled up I don't know if you
guys can see that kind of annoying like
my last ski jacket lasted for 10 years
so kind of disappointed that this is
like one year and it's still getting a
bit tired but how does that and then I
have just plain black ski trousers like
that so I'm gonna try to fit most of
that probably without the jacket and the
trousers all into my boot bag and then
I'm also taking this bag now this is
like not very big so I could hold all
but I'm gonna try and fit it all in I
haven't actually like stacked anything
up yet there are the prices for my
giveaway which ended yesterday by the
way so they will be announced soon
they're like sitting there waiting to be
sent off but I need to find other stuff
that I want to Pat my excusal it here if
you guys can see it's pretty talking
here I want to pack my onesie but I
think it's in the wash and then yeah I
mean I just sorting out all my
toiletries I'm trying to think of those
anything exciting that I'm taking with
me pretty much oh this is quite funny
cuz there's actually like three of us
girls and then Mike going I have my
matching mini wash bag I love this one
because it's actually the mini outside
Selfridges it's like my favorite car my
favorite shop pretty sure I've shown
this in a video at some point before I'm
actually bringing like a ton of face
masks because it's three girls and Mike
and then in here I have a load of of
stuff like dude rent Bioderma which I've
D counted and then realized that
actually it can rub Sharpie off once by
dermis pills on there my Michael Todd
toner which is I'd like to counted a
little bit in there cuz I'm nearly out
of that Taylor Swift wonderstruck shower
gel which I got with the enchanted one
stroke which I got with the perfume
while I have easy yep my molecule one
perfume contact lenses are plenty got
some mirror phone in there in case
anyone gets a headache and then I have
like a ton of eight-hour stuff which is
an essential for me when I'm skiing so I
have the eight hour SPF 50 which I use
on my face and then I have the original
eight hour cream
is the fragrance free one because it's a
bit stinky the original one put the this
smells of it but it's not as strong the
original like actual cream like greasy
stuff but this stinks the first one and
then this is the lip balm which is
almost out but I thought I may as well
take it with me and I'll probably finish
it because it's actually really good has
SPF 50 as well so like stocked up on
eight hour cream I have the Taylor Swift
body lotion as well in there minutes
your toothpaste miniature hand cream
yeah hand cream because you get dry
hands skiing and there's another face
mask that's all that's in there and then
I also have like a few makeup things put
to one side I haven't finished packing
this yeah I've just been every time I've
used something last couple of days or
like dug up waterproof stuff so I have
my Lancome Starr mascara how amazing is
this packaging can I just say like it's
like glitter central it's absolutely
amazing and this is such a good mascara
by far the best Lancome mascara I've
ever tried I've tried the Hypnose drama
which I didn't like and then I tried the
Hypnose doll eyes which I did like this
one is even better than both of them so
so good I have a Clarins Beauty flash
bomb which I've only just got into I had
this when I was like 15 or 16 I got
given a sample for free and I thought it
was great at the time but never really
repurchased it but I mean using it again
as a primer it's really good have a
little I drop thing because I tend to
get really dry eyes and then I have my
Shiseido some protection foundation this
is waterproof I mean I probably won't
wear foundation like every single day
when I'm skiing but if I do it's good to
have a waterproof stuff then I have my
concealer by collection mm which again
is really long lasting it's not
waterproof but I do actually have a
waterproof I have my makeup forever
waterproof concealer but it's actually a
little dark for me at the moment cuz I'm
quite pale Amazonian clay by Tarte blush
which again really long wearing products
which is what you need when you're
skiing really if you're gonna wear
makeup at all you need stuff that stays
on because if you get snowed on or
whatever and then I'm actually taking
this mascara the ferry drops one which I
don't really like but for skiing I think
it'll be really good because it won't
smudge even if it does put all my
I'm trying to take it off I have my
eyelash curler and then I have my Korres
mango lip butter which is probably like
not really for wearing the day this does
he have this bf they probably do
actually maybe no it doesn't say and
then yeah and then some tweezers so I
need a bit more makeup in there but
that's just kind of like a work in
progress and that's as far as I've
gotten my packing really I need to
finish it off now pack it all up and
then head to bed because like I said
it's already midnight and I am tired
because I've got to get up super early
tomorrow
I've gotta head to London for a meeting
first thing and then I'm heading back
then I am actually trying to squeeze in
a personal training session I don't wear
my cuz I thought it was in there and
then I am coming back and we have people
around for dinner like I said here he is
you working
yes per usual and yeah so I'm gonna say
goodnight for tonight here is Mike he
smells nice smell very nice yeah and
we'll see you tomorrow bye I love you
guys
