well hello guys and welcome to fed log
day 6 and today I am vlogging for the
first time like handheld on the GoPro
I'm gonna see what I mean you see Mike
over there today or this afternoon I
should say we are going to meet our
videographer for our wedding which is
serious it's happening it's happening um
and yeah we're headed all the way over
to Levington Spa to lunch Spa to meet
this guy I've only ever been Telemachus
bar once in my life it's quite a long
way away so we're heading off in as a
car to meet him and yeah see what he's
like and then maybe see what leviton's
bars likes maybe quite pretty isn't it
no I've been there when I was younger I
don't know I don't know anyway thank you
along anyway see what's going on goodbye
so we're just coming into Leming Tain's
bar or should we say royal lemming to
this bar according to the side I never
realized it was royal town by Royal
appointment it's not looking incredibly
royal at the moment that I must say here
we are guys in royal learning and spa
it's actually rather nice do you know
the places that we're going to wear
it's called Havana good driving mister
over
does say we are approaching subway who
in 300 yards we've reached our
destination
Waterstones there's a boots I need to go
to hobby crafter I doubt there's a hobby
craft here but there might be we never
know
what do you reckon parking restrictions
like in a place like this
it looks fairly limited along this road
how rude hello missed GoPro this is
really weird
well we have just left off your company
sorry I didn't switch the radio oh there
were some really exciting news on Koran
radio we met the videographer that's
very nice we had a chat about the
wedding
feels like it's actually happening now
and I'm a little bit panicked we're
gonna cold we're getting older getting
buried
just kidding I'm really excited obvious
but now we're on our way
hobby crafts hype down Sat haplotype
down turn off I just leave I should be
alright
we'll talk Oprah it's gonna start
talking so we're on our way there we go
there we go fish you and we're on our
way to hobby crafts because I am going
to be doing a really fun DIY Valentine's
Day type video I have already told Mike
about this because I want to make this
thing Mike Valentine's Day but I also
want to film a video about it so he'll
know about it because I'll be filming
the video and cuz we live in the same
house it's kind of hard to hide these
things isn't it especially when you get
glitter and paint everywhere like I will
probably do because I'm messy so I'm
doing an exciting DIY thing and we're
going to holy Graf to get
it's going to find a new hobby at hobby
a new hobby and it will involve lots of
red paint and glitter and hearts and
sparkly for you know because I don't
love you at all
Oh stinky I wanna spend the rest of my
life with you really it's gonna suck oh
my god anything worse so we've arrived
in we went to comment rings it was next
11th inspire we thought may as well
whilst we're out here in this place that
we don't know very well and we found
this awesome must be near the airport
and we found this awesome like American
style yeah shopping how did that sound
like an airplane
I don't know but anyway there's not any
copy craft there's also American golf or
Mike boots so that we can stock up on
toiletries before skiing and at the end
there I can see a TK Mack no no like I'm
gonna spend a lot of time in American
doll shopping time oh my god this
Topshop oh this is we can buy things for
the baby not our baby
my brother's baby I'm about to cry on
this is baby yeah together my brothers
just had a baby and my sister's gonna
have a baby just remember no incest was
at home she'd only been in for like an
hour she's fine
excuse I can manage Valentine's Day
jackpot
hmm it's just so many heart shape
sparkly Valentine's things in here so
it's a Christmas stuff still I need glue
and stick on gem mega crafting
what are you doing did you find anything
in American golf lots of this lots of
things you didn't buy anything there
they have like a super mega 3-4 to offer
on Burt's Bees I'm soap & Glory look the
soap & Glory amazingness oh you've got
more stuff in there than I have I really
got deodorant Mike's got whole Burt's
Bees lip balm currently never knew me
like that before
learn something new every day what have
you got there I'm just cooking a little
dinner for Mike divorce I have steak
asparagus and broccoli and then we have
some sneaky waffle chips in there
somewhere that I might steal a few of
but they're mainly for Mike and I am so
hungry so I thought I would do a bit of
a hobby craft haul from earlier and show
you what I bought first of all a model
for our old army jeep that's actually
from my dad um he has like this real
passion for old army vehicles so we
bought him this as a present just
because I love him um Mike actually
spotted it and it's this particular
model that he likes so we got it for him
and then as a bit of a sneak peak to
what I will be doing in my video
tomorrow
and have some heart-shaped boxes some
magenta felt which is like so I love
this color is that my favorite color
ever got some love cutouts
got some bright pink sparkly pink
glitter paint
and then I've got some red and pink
acrylic paint got some sparkly letters
if I can get them out sparkly letters
put another love cut out and then I also
have some glue exciting stuff and then I
also have this herb
cutter which is just like a little
heart-shaped shape and that's all the
stuff I got from Hobby craft so if you
guys can guess what I'm gonna be making
then you might be right
who knows you might be wrong kind of I
don't know whether as obvious or not I'm
not really sure Mike's doing his work at
the table mr. workaholic Schmo Kowalik
and yeah that's probably it for today
guys I'm gonna go and run a bath sort
out the crazy hairdo which has just been
totally like it was up in a bun this
morning and it's just died yep and apart
from that I will see you tomorrow bye
you
