well hello everybody and welcome to febc
log day five I cannot believe it is day
five already today is about lunch time
now I'm here with Monsieur Mike and we
or he is making egg sandwiches I can
show you his progress in making the egg
sandwiches the problem is he was halfway
through making egg sandwiches when I
announced that I would like eggs also so
we are testing the eggs to see if
they're off I don't really know why I
thought this would be fun to vlog I just
thought it would because it's one of
those novelty things that you do when
you're a kid if anyone doesn't know how
you test if an egg is off I think you
need the bait okay
you have to fill a glass and if the egg
floats that means it's off is also if it
is in between if it's like hovering it's
still a quick but it's not long left
gently does it and it goes lit that
one's good too good to wait for me
look and I wanted eggs and soldiers by
the way but Mike um said that he is
having three pieces of toast and that's
all the toast left so I can't have any
soldiers bread
I thought you'd toasted it sorry bread
he's having family oh yeah but you could
have just had two couldn't you left one
for me got the weapons so mean so I just
have to have scrambled eggs on their own
but at least they're not off what else
you doing today
well here is he Django no can we go see
lemierre's really want to see it Percy
no no a dress haven't seen in ages we
arm into the cinema to see something we
wanted to go and see in ages because we
went the other day to go and see limb is
and it was sold out so we had to go and
see Lincoln which I actually thought was
gonna be really good it ended up being
really really dry like the driest film
ever sorry if anyone like Lincoln but I
I didn't really enjoy it what did you
think of it really good it was just
boring it was really good but really
boring it's not the best film of you I'm
not doing this in vlogs when you go
around like this and you can like see
the whole room like whoa
because we're going skiing skiing I
didn't forget we were going to see I
forgot about the thing that might it's
going to tell you sir we're going skiing
and we wanted to try and share as much
of that with you this year so we didn't
really show much it was actually skiing
last year all in the car much so to help
us we were longing for you guys we've
got
I wonder who instigated this it's a
GoPro
can I just add no GoPros customer
service are like shocking we had a bad
experience ordering this but we're
excited to try it but GoPro if you watch
this your customer service sucks anyway
we're really excited that you've got a
GoPro made okay so we have suction
suction cap what you doing sure Mike's
not that prosky you're very good but
it's not gonna be any backflips I better
not be we'll come back with a broken leg
but yeah so we have a GoPro and we we've
actually had this for a couple of days
and we haven't taken out of the box
because we don't want to break it like I
nearly dropped it I didn't realize that
was it's attached though isn't it yeah
yeah yeah
don't worry guys I didn't really drop
her just a plastic case came off we
haven't actually like taking it out and
played with it properly yet today is the
day where we experiment with the GoPro
and take all some videos for you guys
I may even you start using it for
vlogging could use it I guess it's not
that practical that's light but it'd be
good in the car yeah maybe we should
take the guys on a trip today and see
how the car blow goes how are you making
your eggs healing the eggs I love they
smell like fart
don't be rude about my so here we go
shelling the eggs are you only using two
why is there four are using four so I
thought you'd want to make
just tested I thought they were cooked
get rid of egg put it in the bin
suitcase that you haven't unpacked yet
have a button and then what do we do
here we go then you look in the bowl
squeezed egg then we add Heinz Heinz
Mayo which is then salad cream 50 50 70
then it's really healthy look all this
buses very minimal see Craig sandwich
don't tell anyone and it goes into the
sandwich oh are you doing open
sandwiches or you know one shot one half
one like this you bought the wrong low
because you only want a mini loaf lose
the one the shop and I again and I buy
him some bread and he tells me off for
buying the wrong way she'd be grateful I
even bought you bread in the first place
poisonous flowers
you're gonna try it on camera I tried
the one that's easy to yeah go on man
one one little bite focus on your feet
tasty mmm
small the GoPro wax yeah we've just
that's really weird there's a big delay
of a massive delay watching yourself
that's really weird um but can I like
ten those down turn us down we've just
dropped ten amuse it now I can get
through the gap hello we've just dropped
Mike's mellow you can see yourself in
there we've just dropped my son off at
the garage to pick a car up because it's
been in from a repair and we thought we
would test out the GoPro in action for
the first time ever so we're off and
it's snowing again
what the hell like seriously and then do
you want to stop snowing any time soon
pretty creepy I thought the snow had
gone I get all excited about the first
time around but then after like what was
it ten days of being kind of stranded
yeah and then after being in Portugal
those lovely weather well I didn't go to
Portugal did I soon we're in a mini
carriage I love minis little minis there
are also many it's a really nice bright
blue
it looks cool huh it looks really cool
you can see like right outside the car
probably see it's snowing if I feel like
we're in like a reality TV show
well hello my friends we are now in the
car again on the way to the cinema yeah
no GoPro though because it's in the
house but we're just testing it did you
like it let us know in the comment
section below don't like it so we're on
our way to the cinema we're going to a
tasty meal snack zone could've done Leon
Bella Italia which actually really liked
both Italian I'm going to see Django
Jamie will let you know what it was like
it's like the Sun see you later
Django was awesome it was amazing it was
amazing it was amazing it was actually
really really long now now it was
actually really really long though so
now seat belt oh it was really late I
know I know safety photos we're just
pulling out the cinema it was evil I
just had to vlog and Mike just wanted to
drive
it was amazing basically if you haven't
seen it go and see it unless you don't
like violence and gore because I
wouldn't recommend it otherwise it's
gone it's just like the best film Wow
the best film of this year the only
other one we've seen is Lincoln that
will take some beating it was good it
was good time zero said he wanted to
make and pull some Western know we will
see you tomorrow good bye
you
