happy Saturday guys I love super anyone
wear hair is crazy drive not my hair
to catch the a20 train to London and
because it's super early unlike ill I
had together for like six because I had
to feed him all the dogs and then just
as I was about to leave the cat was sick
in our bedroom like snuck upstairs
growler not leaving without them even
biscuit it snuck upstairs and then puked
all bedroom floor and literally I was
walking out of the door like like aa cat
oh my god bad so yes just had to sort
that out and no I need to hotfoot it to
the station let's do this on the Fashion
Week so I made it to London I didn't
vlog on the train because and I had like
two suitcases with me and I ended up
just being like stressed out and there
was something right next thing I was
asked I just got I just got too early
but I'm in London now just unpacked all
myself and got all my clothes hanging
and this is like my door of goals right
now these are my bag for the weekend my
favorite bag ever in the world it's like
candy I feel like these are my babies on
the wall there and yeah I'm just going
to do my hair I have time to do it for
left this morning and I was hoping that
I might be able to like get away with
another day of hair like this but it's
not happening and you know what just
happened
I just realized started flashing up on
the camera no battery and I'm in London
for three days and I forgot my charger
oh my god guys total fail it might have
to be iPhone vlogging once my camera
runs out of battery so I'm sorry about
that
that sucks I'm an idiot I'm an idiot
still got like poly brain
so yeah let's do this let's do the hair
thing so the invitation for the next few
days just arrived I'm taking a couple of
them up but I wanted to show you them
because they're always cool fashion area
invitations this
is happen we have versus tonight Topshop
unique which came with a phone case very
cute and has like cool holographic like
edging I like that a lot
peaceful also which is tomorrow
afternoon and temple II which came with
a box of matches love it actually very
useful for lighting candles in with
laughs so yeah my camera just ran out
battery I have one arriving same day
from Amazon so come on guys we're going
to do this we can do this outfit right I
need to find a link to lean you guys on
this is so unproved on how to be an
unprofessional vlogger this is how you
do it
this is my outfit Gucci bag obsessed and
then have all of my Maj
take coat as you guys can see I'm taking
off my dress in old ones from Poland Oh
sister which I love it's like two years
old I'm going to have on this shirt from
a sauce underneath very like schoolgirl
and really love it and then I have on
tights and my one play essential boots
off we go going to Julien Macdonald
first which is all the way over in some
pools so I'm leaving like an hour
together because last season I missed
the first show of Fashion Week which is
an ultimate fail not going to happen to
get very happily earning Lisa doing
McDonald's zone and subscript coffee
so we just came out of the julia
mccullough show I found Mara and Amelia
we're crossing the road in Russell
Square because we have like maybe two
hours until JW Anderson we have some
time to kill for anyone get some food
and as if the update we were just doing
live in the car on Tamara's Instagram
yeah I feel like you do live at every
single opportunity to like everybody I
below you're always live I'm like how
the hot Sun first if I don't have
anything to do in the morning I'm like
Oh Mars doing her makeup I just sit and
watch her instead of doing my own makeup
look we are at zwm so now and trying to
find scene it's like a maze of everyone
but it is like an actual maze in here I
made it JW Anderson it's hotter than the
Sun in here I found you perfect are you
done we weren't actually sitting here we
swapped well so we can sit next to each
other but so very excited he would not
like to see what's going on to tomorrow
down here and super hot and it's like a
maze I think it's a start
so JW Anderson was fabulous
so much raising such beautiful like
fresh
gorgeousness everything was amazing big
thank you for ours providing me to that
because I feel like it's one of the
hottest ticket the Fashion Week and I
loved it it was great now I'm on my way
to a michael house and presentation
which I'm walking to because it's such a
beautiful day but you're more of evening
now it's about half of five and I had a
bit of time in between so I'm walking
and it just so lovely we have the fresh
air after being ill last week I feel
like so happy to be right out of ours
and loving it look what really
particularly focuses right now guys
that's us but the Sun kind of like we
claimed last thing going on I'm so glad
and wall okay
so I just got stuck in a really well
traffic and therefore had to do the
world's quickest change and to tonight's
outfit such as I'm off for dinner with
CV and her boyfriend Joshua I've never
been so excited to meet him and some of
the gospel chains go on and then I'm
going to defer this show which I'm very
excited about I'm just walking spinning
out I managed to be only like 15 minutes
later in which considering how bad the
traffic was we were like non moving
around Regent Street for like 20 minutes
so I literally I ran in stripped off put
my dress on and then ran back out I want
you to feel a little bit of a makeup
touch-ups so we're in the electric diner
nothing L am here oh I haven't seen an
agent and we just saw the most hilarious
dinner ever
if you can't even load artistically keys
are in the whole world
I'm an amazing online and maybe oh my
god the light thing is fighting nicely
guys I got a gun the piercing tonight oh
it looks really sword on there and it's
really sore but I really like it a lot
secondly can't UI boots off my feet I've
got one boot off these boots are the
hardest boots to take off your feet
I've got one boot off and I've kind of
given up and sadly I'm really miss like
I wish it was here
sad times that's going to be it for this
evening I hope you've enjoyed today's
vlog even though it's been terrible
quality I have to say I ordered a Amazon
same-day delivery
camera charger and it hasn't arrived so
tomorrow might be as crappy quality I do
apologize I feel like it's kind of the
same thing like you get the idea right
so it kind of the same even if I'm not
and such crisp high-definition probably
to be honest you probably don't want to
see we increase by definition at this
point because it is 4:00 in the morning
I go to bed and I'll see you guys bright
and early in the morning
damn it's 250
oh good night
