it's outfit of the day time again today
I'm wearing my Topshop key scarf which I
love this AllSaints cardigan which I
haven't actually won in a really long
time I got it probably maybe like 18
months ago now it has these kind of not
details like all the way down the side
and down here and then down the back as
well but it's like super baggy and comfy
I am wearing that and then I have on the
same bottoms as I was wearing in the
last outfit of the day ideas I have on
my favorite blue jeans from 7 and my
isabelle trainers and that is it I am
just off to my mum's house today I'm
actually going to a trade fair I am
redesigning and kind of restocking my
online shop which is super exciting and
I can't wait to show you guys a lot of
the things we have in store but we're
going along to a trade fair to look for
inspiration and potential manufacturers
to help kind of produce our stuff that
we sell so we're going along there I
will take you along with me and then
also I'm going to look around a house
this afternoon with my mom Mike I've
been thinking like toying with the idea
of moving in the next year or so but
we're not sure yet and this house came
up in like the perfect location it's the
perfect size and kind of exactly what we
wanted so we're gonna go and look at it
and see what it's like Mike actually
isn't here we managed to arrange the
viewing he thought he was gonna be back
from Portugal and he actually realized
his flight got back in at 2:00 and not
12 so he's not gonna be there but we're
gonna go back if we like it obviously
looking to go back together but I'm just
gonna go and see what it's like so I'm
gonna take you guys along with me today
and off we go hey guys so I have arrived
at the NEC with my mom and my friend
Georgie and we are on the hunt for cool
stuff there is so much stuff there it's
absolutely massive I haven't actually
been to the NEC ever before but it's
exciting there's tons of cool stuff
well hello everyone we are now back home
we had a good day at is it the Spring
Fair the Spring Fair that we were at it
was good and interesting and we
definitely got lots of inspiration
chatted to lots of jewelry manufacturers
and people like that and it was good and
mum's here on our iPad chilling out and
we are about to go around this house
have a little sneaky look see what it's
like I guess and yeah waiting for Mike
to get home really because I think he's
gonna get home maybe like five ish
something like that so I'm excited to
see him woof he's having a dinner
dog food stinks and then we're gonna
take them for a walk so yes I will see
you in a short while Mike has just got
home and I'm waiting here to surprise
him when he walks through the door and
so where's he gone my dad's like don't
overwhelm me I'm gonna jump on him when
he comes through the door I think you
can probably see me yet where is he I
saw him getting out of the car
Oh taking ages there is quick height you
definitely thought me
you know very smart with new windscreen
wipers my car woohoo what are you were
doing outside I saw you get out of the
car and I was like what is he doing hey
guys so I am back home sweet home now
and as you may be able to tell I am
lying on the bed with my wolf dog coffee
and I've just been catching up on
YouTube videos and all right whoops not
boring this is missus she's such a good
girl yeah I've just been catching up on
YouTube videos which I haven't done in
ages like a couple of weeks so I've been
really kind of catching up on what
everybody's been doing all my friends
are up to and stuff which is cool um I
think I'm gonna run a bath maybe so I
got two of my golden wunderbar forms
left from Christmas I think I'm gonna
get one of these I think I've actually
put one of these in a vlog before but
I'm gonna do it again show you guys how
awesome they are look it goes in looking
like a present you put it in
and then believe ugly stuff coming out
of it in fact my favorite novel ever I
love it I'm all snuggled in my onesie
with my woof dog stinky dog and I'm
gonna go to bed now but I will see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching
you
