hey guys and welcome back to my vlog
Channel today I'm going to be talking
about fitness this video has been much
requested over the last few weeks since
I did my new year's resolutions tag
release so probably about a month now as
you guys may know if you followed this
channel for a while I have done a couple
of other fitness videos in the past
which I will link in the info bar below
the last one I did I believe was back in
the summertime kind of telling you what
I was up to and things like that and
then I did a fitness haul I thought it
would smash them all into one for this
video I'm giving you an update on what
I've been doing to exercise I'm gonna do
a little home of things that I bought
over the last month and what I've been
liking to eat as part of my kind of
healthy routine which I've actually been
doing pretty well like as a bit of an
introduction it has been going well I
started off the month on a three times a
week exercise regime I was doing a
circuit training class on a Monday a
Pilates class on Wednesday and a session
with a personal trainer on a Friday now
circuits I really really really liked
when I first started working out I
didn't feel comfortable at all working
out in front of other people it's always
been a bit of a hang-up for me ever
since I was fairly young I hated sport
at school I didn't like working out in
front of the people things like that so
it's really kind of helped me get the
confidence to do that and having a
personal trainer as well and hi to my
personal trainer Ally if you're watching
this she's really helped me kind of just
be a bit more like chilled out about the
whole thing and Pilates is good I the
thing is with Pilates because it's not
really cardio like I try and fit another
gym session into the week if I can and
then I feel like it's a bit more kind of
balance however when the snow came if
you guys aren't in the UK you may not
know we have been bombarded with masses
of amounts of snow well mass is for us
massive for the rest of the world is
kind of different but there's been quite
a lot of snow over the last few weeks
which means it's not really worth
driving a significant way to go to a
class when I can go to the gym that's
like two minutes away so I have been
going just to the gym with Mike and I've
really been enjoying that as well the
reason why I kind of stopped going to
the gym
my own it's just I got so bored I just
couldn't handle it like I'm so bad on my
own as soon as I'm on my own I'm like I
just feel lonely and bored and I just
don't really like it so when I go to the
gym with Mike I've been kind of keeping
a bit of a rotation as I'm kind of
working out I hate anything like doing
anything for over 10 minutes kills me I
get so bored I just can't do it so when
I going to the gym I tend to do 10
minutes running 10 minutes rowing 10
minutes on the cross trainer and then
usually 5 or 10 minutes running again at
the end and then mix up with some
weights and sit-ups crunches that kind
of stuff afterwards so I am gonna try
and kind of up that to like 45 minutes
of cardio instead of 35 to 40 over the
next week but that's been going really
well and I've really been enjoying it
when Mike's been coming with me so I'm
gonna try and keep him motivated to do
it as well in terms of healthy eating
that's also been going pretty well I
have been tempted a few times and have
like a little bit of ice cream here a
little bit of chocolate there but I mean
I'm not like going on a super strict
diet or anything I just want to kind of
eat more healthily so I have it has been
going pretty well there are a couple of
things that I've discovered that I love
to eat there are kind of healthier
options than a lot of other things that
you would normally eat these multi seed
bars called nine bars he's right
introduced me again while my personal
trainer Ally I love these they are so
good
I bought the flax ones because she gave
me one after workout once cuz I haven't
had any breakfast I had a really early
workout one morning that's like 7:15 and
I hadn't had time to eat anything and I
didn't want to eat right before I went
to the gym or whatever and she gave me
one of these afterwards oh my god
addicted instantly the flax ones are
saying it also picks up the pumpkin ones
but they're not quite as good I like
these ones because they have like a
chocolate layer on the top which isn't
actually chocolate it's carob
but it kind of tastes like chocolate it
gives you that kind of chocolatey fix um
I love these they're really good they
actually taste really really delicious
instead of just being like cardboard
like a lot of kind of breakfast bars and
stuff they're actually like full of
seeds and they're sweetened with honey
really good they are also free from
gluten dairy lactose wheat egg yeast
preservatives and artificial colors
if you have any allergies or if you're
vegan vegetarian these are just great
and they're really really tasty as well
so you can pick those up I've got my
name weight trays I don't know if you
could probably buy them in Tesco as well
and I would have thought like health
shops like Holloman borrow but they're
really good and they have made in Wales
apparently so I love those and then I've
also been adding some of this too if I
ever make any kind of like smoothies or
juices and things like that I've been
adding a little bit of baobab like the
weirdest name in the world this is
basically a new kind of superfood I know
there's always so much hype around
superfoods but this is kind of like the
new acai berry or goji berry or whatever
parently it's got more antioxidants and
all that stuff it's made to be really
good for you anyway and it does taste
really good it's a powder it's like a
white powder and it has a really
distinct kind of sharp like slightly
sour and sweet at the same time taste
some people don't like this I gave some
of this to my mom and she was like oh
that's disgusting but I really liked it
so yeah I've been putting it in
smoothies and stuff you can add it
cereal yogurt smoothies whatever you
want to really and it's quite good with
your bit as well so I've been really
liking that and then another little kind
of haul that I wanted to show you I've
been wanting to get one of these bottles
for absolutely ages and they keep on
forgetting about it these are the bobble
water bottles I kept the packaging so
that I had all the information about it
cuz obviously they're just like a clear
bottle but I don't drink bottled water
really I tend to buy like a pack every
now and again so I can get I drink the
water and then I just refill the bottle
of water which apparently is meant to be
bad for you because the chemicals in
plastic bottles that you buy water and
aren't meant for kind of reusing it's
basically a water bottle with a filter
in it it's as simple as that a water
bottle you put tap water on it filters
it as you drink it and it is free of BPA
which is the chemical that everyone
worries about with plastic bottles the
filter is replaceable as well so you can
use the filter up to like 200 times it
looks cool like I just think it's the
cools water bottle ever and when I
bought it I was actually quite surprised
because I just thought to have flimsy
the plastic was it's like squishable and
I was kind of surprised by that but it's
actually cuz you do need to kind of
squeeze it when you drink it to get the
water like through the filter
I found this really good I really like
it I like the way it looks so it's 10
pounds it's not cheap I mean it's a
water bottle at the end of the day but
it's definitely cheaper than buying
bottled water and I find if I have like
a cute water bottle that I want to have
in my handbag it takes the gym with me
and stuff I'm all ready to actually
drink my water because I'm bad drinking
water so I've been loving that the other
thing I wanted to do is a quick review
of pry marks workout I was really
excited at the prospect and Prime I was
bringing out workout gear because
workout they can be really expensive but
I tried it on pretty much the whole
collection of Primark workout stuff and
this was the only thing I bought I mean
it's not that it's bad quality like this
is actually really nice quality for 10
pounds I think it's really good
the trousers however like the gym tights
and stuff they were just so see-through
like I've tried on both the long ones
and the short ones and like you can see
your underwear through them you can see
a bum through them like as soon as you
put them on and they like stretch out
because they're tight so I kind of like
stretch they would just see-through so I
wouldn't recommend those all in all like
I was kind of disappointed with pry
marks workout gear it wasn't really
amazing but I do like the jacket that I
got I think I'll definitely use this a
lot but in terms of the tights seriously
like I wouldn't recommend them because
the people behind you in the gym will be
able to see your ass and that's never a
good look so yeah that is an update of
what I've been doing how my fitness is
going and some healthy snacks for you
all I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and let me know if you have any tips for
me working out if you have any where you
think that I would like to shop for new
workout gear or a new snacks that you
would recommend or new exercises that
you would recommend let me know in the
comment section below
if you haven't already entered my
giveaway on this channel for two
designer wallets then make sure you do
because they are amazing and you guys
are amazing and I'll put a link to it
after this video and I will see you next
year bye
