hey guys it's Feb flog day - and today
we're going on an adventure with speed
say hellos be so funny look at his giant
bunny who's that who's that speaking
gonna tell everybody who it is it's baby
teaming him out and tell everyone who it
is someone's not ready today and with
hands she's driving and we are off to
our friend's house to play with cars
surprisingly enough now Mike who usually
goes to play with cars all the time
isn't here so he's gonna be super duper
jealous but you might cry but we're
taking speed are we gonna go car racing
speed yeah yeah he's all wrapped up warm
cuz it's a beautiful day but it's
actually really cold if you look out
here it's quite nice they can't actually
see the blue skies oh there's a bit of
blue sky yeah looking good so we're in
my friends office and we decided we're
gonna come make some tea we take no no
to all this orange stuff by the way
that's cool they look in here what is
this do is this one half key here is
this just what guys do like by the way
this isn't the bottom this thing this is
water they're like it is this just how I
roll like why is this water
why is it blocked I don't know whether I
want tea the castle looks nice in here
but there might be biscuits like there's
not oh yeah look how many cups he's gone
what is that pink my Ellucian busted
well since they got plates Oh vinegar
some Oh jackpot jackpot got some random
ketchup yes sophisticated look at this
biscuit
they do have they'd limit it on sugar
 on milk maybe Zhou what's in the
fridge
they've got Yazoo and some beer there's
a milk in here is that all it's gonna be
oh it's gonna smell you smelly it's not
a sensitive pregnant nose the first
affair let me smell yeah I think that's
fine and there's a car in level 2 -
let's make some tea we're currently
going through the process apparently of
moving this airplane I don't know much
about this airplane down
what kind of her plane is it the victor
it has victor Meldrew on the side it
actually does have a picture of victor
Meldrew look that background there yeah
it's rubbish yes or no problem the sky
on the other hand is epic
so that's without the junk in the
background so dancing some pictures of
cars today on either and that is the
plane and I'm really cold speed has just
had a bit of a emergency attack we took
him outside and he just started
screaming and said he wants to go home I
think it's because he's cold what is
that thing all sorts of interesting
stuff going on here what is that a
plaintiff
it's like when planes go to festivals
but is it camo style so that it blends
in because I'm not gonna like and still
see it failure at the camo
so guys I'm back home now is my mummy
and it's my brother's birthday today so
we're having some kind of epic Meal and
as usual mum's cooking with without help
what what are you guys cooking rabbit
beef we've got what's that
coriander going on it doesn't look it
massively exciting them I thought was
part of the wrong I've got to come back
in a minute
we do have samphire though which I am
ridiculously excited about because I've
never actually had it no in restaurant
Fork is really hard to find in
supermarkets if you don't know what
samphire is it's some kind of like
asparagus type vegetable but it grows in
the sea or like just next to the sea
fact there's a fact for you guys
in my life another night back in my
bedroom with just me and wolfdog saying
good night to you all I just realized I
never did an outfit of the day today
showing you what I'm wearing so I
thought I would do one for a good bed
because that's totally normal not so
this is what I am wearing today the
mirror is really funny so I can't really
show you in front of the mirror because
I just tried to do and it looked really
weird but I have on my cashmere scarf
which is actually from my sister's brand
an H&M jumper which I want for 10 pounds
and I really like it I got it last week
it's like really baggy and slouchy but a
super comfy and then I have on my
favorite blue jeans and which trainers
which is so actually probably broken the
men now I've worn them from like maybe
eight o'clock this morning like all day
I haven't take them off and then just
don't like they're just like wearing all
trainers then I have a little fish hell
a fishtail braid in my hair and then
this side is like totally falling out
now because I've just been cuddling with
my little nephew on the sofa and yeah
that is it for today I thought my
camera's a little a little funny me
something I can you see you better now
but yeah it is another goodbye from me
and woof bet we still miss Mike and he
doesn't get back we have for another
he's got one more night away so he'll be
back soon but I miss him a lot
and I will see you tomorrow
