hey guys and welcome to that flog yes I
am vlogging every day every other one in
2013 I know I made a video asking you
guys if I should do that but I didn't
actually tell you if I was gonna do that
but I am gonna do it and today is the
first of February I'm calling it Feb
flog this year instead of vlog because
vlog also means beating someone to death
pretty much that's why I didn't do it I
am just getting ready to go to the gym I
have a personal training sessions
morning it's really early it's too dark
outside and I only have one trainer the
dog has hidden one of my trainers and I
have to leave in five minutes so let's
see if we can find this trainer any idea
is where it would be normally she puts
it under the table but I have to say I
cannot see it under the table and that
makes me quite concerned let's have a
look
I found it lies next to this sofa this
is what you have to do we have to deal
with when you have a dog like worth next
to her toys as well she just brings them
in here for a romp I guess god knows
what she does my trainer but I don't
really want to know so I am off to
personal training mike is still in bed
and I will see you in a while a little
crocodiles and in case you want to see
an outfit of the day I'm wearing my
gossip sucks wild fox jumper which i
think is awesome and then I have it's
like my favorite one now I have on black
top and my Nike running tights and
skills so as you may be able to tell
I've just come out of the gym and I am
absolutely shattered my posture trainer
killed me today well you didn't
literally kill me because I'm still
alive but yeah I'm even more tired than
I was when I woke up so I think I'm
gonna go home and get a tasty cup of
healthy herbal tea and I will see you
then I'm so tired I can literally like
fall asleep at the wheel of my car right
now
I am so tired and I had to drive this
tea is the best tea
the whole world tea pigs chili Thai
spicy opener drop my camera great great
skills spicy try it's honestly like the
tastiest thing ever looks like this and
now I'm gonna drink it I I'm in the
supermarket doing a bit of a shot I have
to actually get stuff for my mum as well
because she like my whole family is
coming over to my mom's tonight and she
has no food and she's coming back from
the airport so I'm buying ingredients
for spaghetti bolognese and I think I'm
gonna make like some kind of warm salad
for me so it's about 420 now and I've
got the total like afternoon slump in
energy I just feel totally out of it
like I don't even I can't even
concentrate I don't know why I haven't
had like a real slump in energy like
this in ages
and I just yeah I feel like totally
zonked so I'm taking Whoopi for a walk I
haven't hood up because it's really cold
but I'm taking the dog for a walk to try
and like get a bit of fresh air and pet
myself up and we'll see what happens
and I've got my spangly wellies on that
I got for Christmas yeah and look how
muddy it is after the snow melted it got
so gross and muddy and there's some
sheep and there's worth so guys the
walking didn't help wow that's bright
and not only that but my phone ran out
of battery halfway around the walk so I
couldn't even vlog it but in other news
Mike has arrived home have you had a
nice day very fun day thank you okay
sure I am midget I'm so tired I don't
know what's wrong with me maybe they've
got glue sticking them together and I'm
like this baby
I feel so did you know I'm not gonna
sleep I was away got a message on my
phone saying a pass has been delivered
maybe he's for a certain day that's
approaching postman delivered so I got a
phone call to throw at lunchtime this
cheese days approaching is it for that
day no I said Wednesday no Valentine's
Day south oh I knew Eve pasta
so I got a call from Fleur yeah I opened
a package she said there's no name on it
well in the middle there's a name in the
middle of the dress I just looked at the
first line of the address and was like
for me
opened it then I was like all whoops
that's obviously for me but from Mike I
know what it is it's from a shop I
didn't buy you anything what I promised
you last not it better be something good
yes you're going away it's not good but
it's not the same as what you actually
wanted because I didn't have it so well
mr. poopy face hair is going away for
the weekend leaving me all on my
lonesome where are you going I'm off to
Portugal why I'm going on a very
important business trip today girls
not fair not fair and I just want to
sleep well you've got all weekend seek
someone who's trip's wife a feeling like
this maybe I'm getting ill or something
it's really weird
hello there were balls someone is
leaving me on the bed in my coat I'm
sneeze tastic are you going come on say
goodbye to everybody
goodbye farewell for the next three days
we're off for fie on an epic adventure
to my parents house off we go are you
ready to cook spagbol whoopee eat it
more like and the lights disappear just
in time hello guys so I am at my mom dad
Sawa spike and spike got given an
awesome present what did grandma give
you Smee and we've been drawing you're
gonna tell everybody what's this what is
that is it can you tell everyone what it
is
do you know what is what's this this is
this is me doing this isn't it a piece
of art as you guys can probably tell
who's that you want eyelid on you you
join red on him
I speak that was Whoopi but you ruined
it
Oh even speed doesn't like my artwork
you say hello hello everybody
you gonna draw on their face we draw my
phone a bit less be I am making
spaghetti bolognaise for everybody this
evening I'm starting with some onions
and some garlic fry these up I didn't
some me put in some of mum's top secret
chilli sauce which she affectionately
calls fire in the hole secret ingredient
and it's ready got spiked ball and I
kind of burnt the garlic it's time for
bed I know I didn't vlog eating but I
was just too busy stuffing my face
bullets back bowl and everyone liked it
unsurprisingly because I'm such an
amazing chef um actually everybody was
like super super surprised that I was
actually cooking because hello because
Mike always cooks and everyone's like
you can cook like taking the mickey out
me saying yes I can cook sometimes if I
try so I am headed off to bed here is
woof here is not do it but yes I will
see
in the morning I miss Mike already bye
guys
