hey guys so today I am back with a super
duper exciting video for you all it is
going to be a giveaway and I know I'm
normally do giveaways on my beauty
Channel and a lot of you may have
actually come over from my beauty
channel to this video however I wanted
to hold a giveaway on this channel for
once because I have reached 200,000
subscribers on this channel you are all
so so amazing for subscribing thank you
so much and to say a big huge amazing
thank you to you all I wanted to buy you
a present as a giveaway now obviously I
can't buy 200,000 people are present but
I can hold a giveaway for two lucky
winners to win so if you don't already
know about my giveaway going on on my
main channel I have just reached 500,000
subscribers over there which it's pretty
amazing can't quite believe it but I am
giving away 5 handbags one for each of
the hundred thousand subscribers so for
this channel i'm going to be giving away
two wallets and as you may be able to
tell by the reoccurring pattern it's one
for each 100,000 subscribers so the
first one is this magenta wallets from
Prada and I am absolutely in love with
this is taking a lot for me not to keep
this because I really really love it as
you can see it has the gold hardware on
the front and it has credit card slots
it has a little pouch for your change
and then it also has a cash slot in the
back but it's a really kind of pretty
sighs I know a lot of wallets can be
really big but this one is kind of a
good size without being too big the
second wallet that I'm going to be
giving away is this one from my favorite
British handbag designer Annja hindmarch
I actually have a miniature version of
this wallet that might gave me for
Valentine's Day last year and I just
absolutely love it it's the red Joss
wallet and it has heart-shaped studs all
over it which is so gorgeous I just
think this is such a cute design the
size is a little bit bigger than the
other one so if you do tend to carry
around a little more stuff you can fit
it all in here has loads of card slots
has a change zipper compartment in the
middle map so you love this one too
those are the two wallets that you can
win now I'm going to actually be giving
away the prior to one via Twitter and
the Anaheim march one on this video so
in order to win the Anaheim March wallet
all you need to do is first of all be a
subscriber of this
panel second hole like this video and
thirdly write a comment in the comment
section below this video giving me a
suggestion of a video that you would
like to see on this channel in the
future so that is how you can win the
annual hindmarch wallet in order to be
in with a chance of winning the prada
wallet you have to head over to Twitter
now first of all you have to follow me
on Twitter my username is fleurdeforce
and secondly you have to write a tweet
with the hashtag fleurdeforce giveaway
in it now you can write anything you
want in the rest of the tweet but it has
to have that hashtag in it so that I can
identify your entry you can enter the
giveaway on this video and on Twitter
once a day her account the giveaway is
open internationally and it's going to
be open for the next two weeks now if
you missed any of that information it
will all be written in the info bar
below this video so go and check that
out as well if you haven't really
checked out the giveaway on my main
channel where you can win five designer
handbags then make sure you do so I will
pop a link right after I stop talking I
just want to say another thank you so
much to all of you and I wish you the
best of luck in the giveaway and I will
see you in the next video bye
you
