hey guys it's a snow day me and Mike
have matching hats on because we are
that sexy and we're going on a walk to
walk the dogs but we've stolen spikes
mini class
let's dig in the quad
I killed it
quite a lot of snow guys for England my
feet teeth are you ready to roll you can
do it these hats are actually really
warm it's a bit of an old pod I think
it's my cousin's when he was 16 so did
this a bit yesterday but then ran really
well it was fun over there we've given
up on the quad and we've left it in the
garden I'm actually really hurt that was
hard
don't throw snowballs at me throw them
for the dogs the dogs love it and this
you know never eat yellow snow it's a
delicacy widely appreciated delicacy for
you now you haven't seen order you
haven't seen the dress yet have you the
snowdrift yeah why they're really deep
we have a new addition to the dog plan
Daisy we have a friend's dog saying and
she actually is the funniest looking
thing in the world she's so cute Daisy
she's like a little pig she's really
fluffy look how deep it is hey little
one
badger likes them I think whoopee see if
you come physically
so what stuck so I'll go get the skis
out have to pull it she's got her own
snowball we're going on a mission secret
mission whoops here she is looking at
the sheep in the field Mike's driving
with his sexy hat no I hate it when he
does this Michael got coffee has my page
battle mug and it snowed even more and
Mike and I are off on a secret mission
despite the bad roads we are going to
buy some prizes for a special surprise
secret giveaway that I'm going to be
doing in the next few days look at this
guy's
it's snow tastic so this is the road
guys the road no they haven't actually
gritted the roads we've just gotten back
from our secret shopping mission and to
show you a little sneak peek of what is
our secret shopping mission this just
happened
Oh some kind of giveaway will be
happening very very soon and those bags
may have something to do with it just
maybe maybe anyway I am here with the
Pied Piper and his little chums growler
I know we have beaver who is this ugly
mutt it is time for see Jim hey mr. air
floppy hat to keep the little ears ease
warm these little things nice and warm
we are now off to the gym today I am
wearing my Gilley Hicks hoodie which I
love this not my favorite color in whole
world and then I have on a Nike dri-fit
t-shirt which is just like a plain grey
t-shirt and then my favorite Nike tights
and these are actually cropped ones even
though it's snowing outside I'm gonna
pull my socks up to like cover the gap
because my legs are gonna get really
cold look at the sheep on my socks
so cute and my asacs trainers which I
really like I really have one pair of
trainers what are you wearing do you
want to do an outfit of the day myk's
myk's gym gear is always a real mixture
of like random old sport stuff and
hoodies Hollister duty yeah they're the
ones that make the crinkly I'm not gonna
lie I think I got these in about 2000
Mike's just got back into the old
fitness regime I know you've been
working it out fish I don't think that's
doing anything now are you tired I'm
really tired and someone else has been
working it out do you know we're walking
back in the snow no caption awareness
might cut the light that's not a very
good impression of the snow because
we're walking in tracks because
otherwise like please otherwise it would
be very deep and I would get cold ankles
but we've had a good workout now we are
going to cook some dinner can I help you
idiots literally I'm sitting here now in
my onesie and my glasses eating a
massive bowl of noodle soup and that is
going to be it for today's vlog good bye
