hey guys so today's video is gonna be
all about how to beat the January blues
now I'm pretty sure you guys will know
what the January blues are and you won't
really need kind of an explanation but
I'm going to give one anyway Christmas
is over New Year's is over all that kind
of exciting fun stuff that happens at
the end of the year is over and then you
hit January everybody goes back to work
the weather is usually pretty miserable
you usually get like credit card bill
for the Christmas presents you bought my
phone every year has that kind of
January feeling I'm gonna share with you
some of my tips on how to beat the
January blues and just feel fresh and
excited for the new year rather than sad
that Christmas is over so number one is
to get a new diary or planner or agenda
whatever you want to call use all babies
if you don't already have a diary set up
for 2013 I know most people will buy now
because it's like the second week of
January but make plans I always find
making a note or planning when you're
gonna do fun stuff in the year kind of
makes you more excited about it
happening I've already written down any
kind of like fun stuff I have planned
for this year just because I know it
makes me even more excited for it and I
really think that planning and
organizing your life as well can really
help in the new year say if you have a
spring clean of your wardrobe or you
just have a really good clean in the
house if you kind of declutter
everything it helps you feel kind of
fresh and like let's wait down I know if
I have like a messy room or a messy car
or a messy house like messy anything it
kind of just makes me a little bit more
kind of anxious or stressed and if you
can kind of plan and lay everything out
nicely in your life in your diary in
your house everywhere it kind of just
makes you feel a lot more fresh and kind
of like you're ready to tackle the new
year my second tip for beating the
January blues is to get crafty and I
know a lot of people do kind of DIY
craft projects in the run-up to
Christmas and if you are one of those
people that really likes doing that then
carry on into the new year again you can
link this into kind of organizing and
decluttering your house by kind of DIY
storage or making new pin board or if
you haven't written your thank-you cards
for Christmas yet you could make your
own thank-you cards it's a good
to kind of be productive and also create
something new and fun and pick up a new
hobby which takes me on to my next point
which is starting a new project I think
this really helps in the new year and to
have something fresh and new to kind of
think about whether you're saving for a
trip that you want to go on whether
you're starting a new hobby whether it's
a new charity project anything like that
something fresh and new and fun that is
different than your life in the previous
year it just kind of helps to add a
little bit more excitement and fun and
will help you beat the January blues my
next point is to get active and I know
this is pretty much everybody's New
Year's resolution is usually to eat more
healthily to lose weight to work out
more generally kind of like health and
lifestyle and fitness related things I
always think a lot of people undertake
too much of responsibility with a new
year's resolution I saw a news report
the other day saying that by the first
week of January like 50% of people have
dropped their new year's resolutions
anyway so I always think it's good to
incorporate kind of fun like not too
challenging Fitness things if you decide
to take on a fitness regime where you're
gonna work out five times a week and you
have never worked out before you're
probably gonna quit it like within a few
weeks because it's really really hard
whereas if you try and incorporate small
things into your already existing regime
then that will work much better working
out we can help with how you feel in
general as well so with your sleep
patterns and your energy levels and
things like that it also helps to kind
of clear your mind if you are being
active so you can just going out for a
walk or whatever so I find getting out
to this great way to kind of beat that
kind of January downer as well and then
the final tip that I have is to change
your eating patterns in a fun way I've
kind of called the section cook clean
although that sounds a little like
gimmicky but it really does kind of help
you feel better and feel better about
yourself as well so say if you got some
really good cookbooks for Christmas then
you can put them to use in the new year
making new recipes maybe incorporating
some more healthy foods into your diet
but if you don't have any kind of
healthy lifestyle New Year's resolutions
of eating more healthily maybe just
cooking new things I find like with
cooking I often get stuck in a kind of
food rut so I have the same kind of
meals like the same five things that
I'll cook at home all the time it can be
fun to try out new recipes and stuff in
the kitchen and it really makes me happy
like I don't know about you guys but
cooking as long as it's easy and not
that stressful actually does make me
happy and my final tip to keep the
January blues is to take a step back and
just have a look at your life and kind
of reassess what is important now this
sounds really kind of airy-fairy and
like oh it's so emotional but I went to
see the film the impossible it's in Mali
the night and it really just brought
this home if you guys haven't seen that
film it's basically about a family of
survivors from the Thailand tsunami in
2004 and watching that film really just
brought it home then you should just
appreciate everything that you have at
the time because you never know when
life could come and just flip 180 and
your life can change forever and you
realize how much time you spend
stressing about the small things that
don't really matter in the grand scheme
of things so without getting too deep
that is my solution for beating the
january blues now I did notice when I
was kind of looking around the internet
to see if anyone else had done a video
like this my friend Nikki is actually
doing a really cool series I think it's
called how to be happy January she's
starting a new theme like every month
and January's month is how to be happy
and she's done quite a lot of things I
like exercise and fitness and
organization and yeah I would definitely
recommend going and checking it out
because when I wrote this list out I
then went and watched her video and
there was quite a lot of crossover but
she's definitely doing something really
cool and really different to what
everyone else is doing on YouTube at the
moment man I thought it was cool so go
Nikki I will link to her channel right
after I stop talking so you guys should
go and check her out to you so that is
pretty much it for today I will see you
next video guys bye
Oh
