hi guys and welcome to the first video
of 2013 on this channel hooray I hope
you all had a very happy new year this
video today is gonna be a bit different
because for a start I'm standing up I
don't think I've ever stood up in a
video before ever but here I am and I'm
sorry if I move around a lot I'm just
excited to be talking to you all today I
want to make this video because I want
to what you guys think in this channel
basically the year is over and in this
past year as you may know if you follow
this channel I've been blogging every
day every other month now I've had a lot
of requests to do vlog year like
vlogging every single day but I'm just
gonna put my hand up and admit that I
probably wouldn't be able to do that and
I don't want to say I'm going to do
something in there disappoint you guys
so I want to know what you guys think
what would you like to see this year do
you want me to be vlogging every day
every other month like I did last year
would you like me to mix it up a bit and
do like two videos a week like every
month of the year would you like to see
more videos like this with me talking to
you or would you like to see more kind
of following me around type vlogs I am
actually going away on a trip in march
and april which i will tell you more
about in another video because it's kind
of like a big trip and involves some of
you guys potentially that are watching
too but that's going to be marching
april time so obviously some of that
might not be flogged so i may like do
trip vlogs kind of like i did in January
last year let me know what you guys
think what you like what you like seeing
what you want to watch what you want me
to film basically let me know another
thing that may affect blogging this year
is the fact that I'm getting married
Mike and I are getting married in August
I'm very very excited about it if I do
end up doing the vlogging every other
month thing August is a vlogging month
so that will kind of be an interesting
one and I'm not entirely sure how to
work then kind of run-up to the wedding
cuz obviously it's going to be pretty
manic setting everything up in the last
few weeks I guess I mean I've never got
married before so I don't really know so
that is it for this video I want to know
what you guys think what you like what
you don't like and apart from that just
thanks for an awesome 2012 I had the
best fun vlogging in 2012 I really loved
sharing kind of my day and my thoughts
on my life with you guys and all of your
awesome support and comments
thank you and I would give you a big
YouTube hug but I it's a camera and it's
not quite the same so here's a hug to
myself so that is it for this video I
will be back very soon with a video all
about how to breach the january blues
that i'm sure many of you are feeling
right now that miserable january feeling
i will be talking all about how to get
rid of that and just be happy and have
fun in january even though it's a little
bit depressing that everything is over
so yeah I will see you in the next video
guys bye
you
