well hello there everyone so as you may
notice someone ie that is missing now
this is a bit weird for me on the basis
that she's not here so hope you guys
aren't too freaked out by it but Fleur
tweeted a short while ago before tell
film this that would you like to see my
favorite Christmas gifts so many of you
actually replied so we thought cool
let's do it I have my gifts so let's
start with my first one and my first one
is worth pretty much kind of a weight
one but my friend basically said would
you get the guy that's got everything
and so he decided to get me a doorstop
it's not but I think this is cool at
least the door and slam well we get
things answer pretty epic
my next favorite gift was a float and
apparently I should get to know these
things there's a book and it's stuff
every husband should know basic throw
this away already but apparently some
very insightful bits of information
which I've had a quick read through
which is quite good fun and very
intriguing so we'll see whether I can
put some of this into practice how about
you gonna read this for me go through it
yeah okay my next present is from my
friend Sam who you may have seen in one
of our gift God videos that we've done
before which I was in but he sent me
this really cool present which is
basically a yo-yo in a box and it
teaches you how to all the tricks you've
got a little book to teach you all the
cool things and then if yo-yo which I am
really you're really good at yo-yos I
think it's a really fun present and I'm
basically gonna play this for hours
terrorise worth of it and also my next
present was bought by Fleur for me and
it is a very snuggly scarf so I think
this will keep me nice and wrapped up
when I go off to work on a long cold
hard winters day it's my favorite color
which is like purpley red summer say
burgundy Ron Burgundy
my next present is from my mum which I
haven't actually had much chance to play
with because we've been mega busy it is
a remote-control car you can control by
your ipod which we had a little mini one
I think we gave away a gift I think that
last year which is super cool
I haven't had the chance actually play
with this yet but I'm really excited to
and I think it'll be really good fun get
on some like really cool floors and get
it for if T my next hasn't let's go for
my sister which I really like
and it's from the cupola she bought me
an awesome t-shirt for my birthday and
she's that again look at this one is
cool there's a scars purple on it again
so good wiggly those you look at a size
it looks it we unwrapped it and I was
like well I'm not sixty five stone but
when we actually put it on it fits
really well I don't know how that works
but it works when next present was from
my other sister soon so I have two of
them and this spent a lot of time in bed
with on Christmas Day as you can imagine
and it is a James Bond Skyfall say
electrics
it has a nice an epic little bomb collar
eb-5 so cause it leaves it listen if I
plug in 1 and then the modern Bond car
as well mini scale edges there's another
big ones but it's really cool cuz if you
have quite fast it takes upon welcome to
spit off or come off the track this
almost thing my next present is from
flirt which I was desperate to get I'm
very very excited that she got for me
it's really cool to some penhaligon and
it is a shaving set it's a super
traditional set you've got your razor
your brush and your phone and your phone
is refillable so it's awesome present I
was really excited to get this
second-to-last is this I was a very
spoiled boy and got exactly what I
wanted for Christmas our friend Jim who
you also know from YouTube will know all
about this jacket because we were a bit
stir in Burberry when he purchased
himself a very nice leather jacket and I
was trying this on at the time I thought
I can't bring myself to get it and so I
didn't and then little did I know a
little monster waterfall awesome
material loads of buttons basically
perfect so keep me nicely warm in winter
and last but not least I got my favorite
present one that I've used all Christmas
long is it without a doubt
literally spiffing as a birthing pool
five yes this is my michael is from
Hannah and Dan it's just the coolest
thing ever me and then spent all
Christmas basically talking to each
other with these and eyes at any point
we've just kind of like why this chicken
is quite delightful we were just having
a very silly time at Christmas and as
usual it was good fun so I hope you
enjoyed all of my presence that I got
I'm a very very lucky boy and I hope you
all got some epic presents if you like
this video then give it a thumbs up and
you might see me again chatting on moon
I hope y'all have fun
have a Merry Christmas as a cool new
year and I will see you in 2013
you
