hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 23
nearly Christmas it's nearly Christmas
we're sitting by the fire some kind of
like crazy Europe pop Christmas okay I'm
there with Mike tada
here was his face beautiful face and
today we are going to be doing a tag
video now I got tagged ages ago I think
it was called the YouTube dinner party
tag all right Maggie
MOTU is an o2 but technical guru person
I did a project with o2 a while ago so
she was tweeting me about it bloody
roadblocks anyway she tagged me so I
thought it'd be cool to do and as it is
Christmas we're gonna do the Christmas
edition so we're not just doing any old
YouTube dinner party we're doing YouTube
Christmas dinner party it's gonna be
turkey and all the trimmings is going to
be crackers okay
will you have Christmas pudding okay we
need to choose six people to invite to
this dinner party I do and I've made
like an unwritten rule because otherwise
we just invite the obvious ones like
Tonya and German Ingrid and Luca Joey
and Nikki and van and all those people
that we can't have ever made a video
with them I've got a kind of part maybe
this can be our Boxing Day Christmas
dinner party because like your Christmas
dinner parties like all your family and
friends which kind of they are and then
the Boxing Day is like go around yeah
okay
I'm not sure about I don't like anyway
those people that we're gonna be
inviting Mike being Michael kind of
decided together although you've got a
couple of your decisions you're doing
the boys and I'm doing the girls so
first of all for girls to invite I would
have right L from will look mrs. 21
because every time I go to LA we try and
meet up and we never actually have
managed to properly meet and have a chat
yet and something just always comes up
every time I'm there and yeah I would
like to have her at Christmas dinner
party because I also think she's very
festive so I think she'd be fun to have
a Christmas I'm a festive well my first
invitation I think would be Freddie Wong
because you like hers
I think she
I think it's funny so my cunning plan
would be that I would have him here but
in case of a zombie apocalypse seems
that we are 2012 Christmas edition that
we basically can you know have someone
to save the day
help would that worth you I don't know
if he really saves the day I think it's
all like computer animated stuff don't
it so the second girl I would have would
be Natalie Langley who is a singer on
YouTube because she could provide us
with some festive tunes but a first of
the joyful got it okay yes around the
piano is a bit of mulled wine
yeah exactly well scene as though we're
now talking about how to eat Christmas
meal yes oh yes yeah I'm not doing any
cooking no chance of that
so my next guess it would be Byron fire
and talent yeah fire tell but even
though Rachel as well because and even
though in sense you say we do find him
know them but we've never done a video
with them so we would have Byron to cook
so then the third girl that I would
invite for a little bit of heavy
entertainment will probably be jenna
Marbles because I love her videos think
she's really funny and yeah I just think
she would make any festive Christmas
party a lot of fun and soon so you're
having all the fun I have a little bit
of fun party and I think my third and
our final six of course amuse me
personally I think I think it's Josh
Sundquist
would you agree yeah Josh Sundquist I
have met him I said that right don't I
say Josh West Josh Sundquist you said
quest quest whoops and clothes you made
dyslexics all right um yeah I've met
before I've never made a video with him
I think he's really funny very
inspirational motivational type of chap
yeah I think you miss a real inspiring
Christmas tale entertaining oh yes our
Christmas dinner party I hope you guys
enjoyed a straight brief tag I tag
everyone that we've spoken about if they
make a tag video some of them don't but
yeah I tag everyone we spoke about and
you if you want to tell us who you would
have invited to your Christmas dinner
party then leave it as a video response
I will see you tomorrow for vlogmas take
24 which is me
and for almost the last time get ready
for the jingle
