hey guys so today is Friday I've got a
very poorly mdf / mummy on the sofa
it gets worse right like I told you it
was gonna get worse
what straining our marriage with your
illness it gets better you got like one
more day I had so much to do oh no all
I'm doing is coming papi
you've got puppy love popular I get
popularize good puppy laughs number two
these guys I'm treacle boogie shoes wet
have all of the towels on the sofa Hey
you behave yourself today I am back
filming I was back so me yesterday as
well but today we're filming this
morning a couple of things and we're now
doing a updated shoe collection video
and this is just a little selection
that's more on the side but basically
we're trying to set up somewhere that
looks nice for the back of shoes so in
the hallway and we're lighting up this
little section of wall and we'll see
where we get to at the moment it looks a
little bizarre but the carpet is going
to move this rug is is getting it out of
the way or another no issues in my test
shot are my favorite shoes right now
how beautiful are these I was at
Christmas but I didn't really a little
questions you guys too much then they're
javi terrazas with the rose gold at the
front and the new suede at the back so
laser - shoe graveyard right now and
we've just had my monkey feet we've just
had this one you joining in for the last
few shots because you're a monkey are
you bored
are you bored it might be sleeping are
you opening you're so cute this is a
little bit of a sneak peek as well guys
because these are going in my new and
beauty for March video because then oils
at the end of March but geez just
arrived from YSL they're their new Vil
update Hinton balm you have little lips
running down the middle of the lipsticks
how amazing is that upset I'm on the
road guys on the way back
station tropical EOS look at the sunset
it's amazing I'm like driving in to take
them on yeah so beautiful I'm feeding
the Hound a seed piglet before the
others because she eats a little bit
slower but now she's finished first and
she's trying to feel people crude piggy
I see you and I'm talking to my mom on
speakerphone
how are you doing Yuki thank you your
little job that you want me to do ah
thank you later bye a mom is currently
asked to pick up some packages from my
old house because she now lives much
closer to there than I do and there are
three packages waiting for me at my old
house so that is what's happening these
guys need to go for a walk now laughing
it's walking time look let's get your
pink your pink color on Giggy yeah
release the hounds oh they're off their
God these guys have been cooped up all
day because mike is calling I've been
filming so we spaniels are like god this
is shot up into the field
piglet my name piglet by Nature
piggy not enough for you you just havin
to find more food in there are you hey
hunting for the food little wonky excuse
me sir
I've just seen your Instagram stories
complaining about how I haven't lit a
fire and I've just realized you've
literally just lit a fire I was going to
have it as my challenge to come and
light a fire
now I'm sorely disappointed dammit that
was going to be like my challenge of the
day okay I've never hang on can I just
say I've never lit a high of all I know
that makes me sound like a real princess
but like if I've ever had to light a
fire Mike if does it or my dad has done
that when I was a kid like I could never
make my own fire and I was kind of
excited about learning how to light a
fire and now mike has done it so I'm
enjoying crimes well can I do it next
time
what my challenge challenge go and get
takeaway show me I'm on it look okay my
car keys on my phone I'm ready go egg
sprite right floor let San Pellegrino
orange oh yeah what something my sore
throat is that it because I got to go
because basically the Chinese is going
to be ready by the time I get to town
but do I go to supermarket first and
leave the Chinese warming or I was just
going to probably the petrol station
thus far on the one opposite the Chinese
good general allotment you that probably
goes to the one before was not positive
on route oh yeah yeah now you're trying
to figure out where that is - and was
what missus realized this kid in this
movie might 428 later doesn't look like
bike not her that's the big sister I
think he looks loads like spike come on
zombies where's the little kids
look it's spike he looks like spike
maybe if this is her Chinese takeaway in
hand guys this is what happens when Mike
is ill on a Friday night and I'm trying
to catch up from having two days missed
work yep unhealthy but tasty I'm
stocking up is Mike is poorly nearly on
his own for a couple of days I'm going
to Fashion Week going to get some
chicken soup some cream of tomato soup
maybe - chicken soup I don't think you
really actually like soup that much but
I know he likes the chicken soup as he
requested going to get him to the right
I'm some sparkling water disaster sage
and some bread for toast and crunchy
nuts that makes everything better
and makes yours have eggs on evil and
every other time and some dairy milk
starts a safe and because he's five I'm
going to get the Kimber surprise as well
excuse me mr. Eko I would like to sit on
the sofa in that spot that's the same
spot but I spit I sit in every day and I
want to eat my Chinese oh yeah
sweet-and-sour prawns and seaweed woohoo
I want off we're currently watching the
first episode of 24 legacies they call
Mike the new 24 series so far it is good
like I'm intrigued by it but it doesn't
have Kiefer in it like I don't know if I
can be 24 without Kiefer I really do
this one is just not very impressed it's
got real bad - Mike right now Oh bear
this was me three days ago I'm now
upstairs attempting to pack for the next
three days in London because it's
Fashion Week this week but I'm not doing
the whole of Fashion Week this season
because well partly because I'm catching
up from being ill doing filming but also
just because I'm going away to South
Africa the week after next or at the end
of next week I'm trying to like get
everything finished so basically I've
got Saturday some day that I was going
to do Fashion Week I'm trying to pack
I'm also doing and then on Monday I'm
also in London shooting for my bridal
channel which if you guys aren't
watching gun turns out but I'm going to
Giovanna Fletcher's book launch that
night as well so I need one out two
outfits for tomorrow because I've got
three four shows in the day and then
I've got a party in the evening so I'm
gonna wear what outfit in the daytime
and then one outfit for the show in the
evening and the party and then I've got
an outfit for the day after so for some
day I've got another outfit and then for
G's book multiple
out as well as an uncle for tops for
shooting the bridal stuff so yeah this
is like my organized mess right now so
this I think is going to be my outfit
for Sunday for the Topshop show this
dress are you wearing tomorrow night for
the vs. show and for the Maybelline
party
I need accessories with it and then this
is going to be out my outfit for
tomorrow daytime and then I'm going to
wear the pink dress on Monday night and
then this is a pile of stuff to take
four different shops for Bridal stuff
I'm getting there mike is waiting
patiently downstairs to watch the new
episode of walking dead oh yeah and just
going to bed after packing everything up
and we'll pack for tomorrow I'm talking
quietly I've just tidied up all of the
kitchens and her house bed one thing I
haven't put to bed however these guys I
really want them to stay up here but I
think Mike can wake up in a minute and
tell me sooner he never lets them stay
upstairs and I really want them to
because they're so cuddly
it's making you like sort of too hot but
yeah I feel like I haven't gotten over
jetlag no like I've stayed in the
routine of jet lag gaiz because I am not
tired at all right now I'm feeling so
awake and I have to be up at 6:30
tomorrow to go to London I know that I'm
going to be super sleepy in the morning
so I'm like trying to make myself go to
sleep which is now kicking me sweet but
yeah that's about it today pretty slow
day to be honest but yet more as I have
a really super busy day another Fashion
Week so I'm hoping that will be a fun
one and not too stressful because last
season I ended up missing a few shows
because of traffic which really stressed
me out I hate being late stuff even
though I'm always a little bit late I
hate like being really late and missing
I'm gonna have to get life is worth of
my car talking but I will see you guys
in the morning
and hopefully he'll be in a bad mood and
could be feeling a little bit better
night guys
