hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 22
so today I am at my parents house is
about to see bit of a mess in here
I'll take you in Hicks I want to do a
really quick outfit of the day because
I'm going to a Christmas drinks party
this is kind of like this afternoon I
guess it starts like 12:00 till 3:00 and
then I'm going to see my friend Jess and
then we are doing some fun stuff this
evening so what I am wearing today is
this jumper which I actually got in
Topshop last year I absolutely love it
and I kind of forgot about it because
it's a really kind of Christmasy winter
jumper I kind of forgot about it in the
summer so I was really excited when I
dug it out so yeah my Topshop Christmas
jumper my coupons black skirt black so
I'm kind of all in black but then I have
this Christmas Eve sparkly jumper and
red lipstick so yeah I wanted to my hair
is a little crazy I wanted to put some
curls through it before we left but I
didn't have time because we are late as
usual so that is pretty much it don't
hate you downstairs and see what Mike's
doing hi what are you doing trying to
get your strings out he crazy string
person are you ready to go for a festive
beverage no no why not it's not ready
yet God put Madhu's on shoes and I think
it actually calls them dudes anymore no
think he comes no shoes now I need to
get going oh I forgot my coat can you
grab my coat nope we're on route guys
and Mike doesn't know it yet but I'm
gonna smash up some Christmas tunes
hello yeah
oh wow when she could be Christmas you
love it when I sing Nikki though we had
a nice time at the festive drinks party
and we are now on our way to the next
person's house to go for another festive
drink like striping that was fun huh Oh
only it took us about half an hour to
actually leave didn't there yeah no it
was chatting to everyone now I've got to
put up with my crazy hey guys so I'm
back home now with my mom who just
offered to do her dance she's crazy I
was like you to flog and tell her why
don't you dance can if you want later
she's crazy
she's in the festive mood obviously
she's there dancing around the kitchen
and also like a mini Christmas tree
although mum you do like to unplug my
laptop there's only one plug on this
kitchen island mum likes to unplug my
laptop when it's up uploading and plug
the Christmas tree in which it's quite
interesting the big tree yeah normally
mum has a big one in the interpret
you've downsized the Christmas tree it's
probably similar size to our one at home
look here it is it's a good bushy one
you've got lotsa lights - I'd like to
have a lovely mom likes the boys are
playing scale electrics like they were
the other night being highly mature
spike is totally disinterested and all
the actual adult boys are playing scale
at tricks very bad oh excuse me hello
spike what are you doing what are you
going to get for Christmas what have you
asked for for Christmas dinosaurs
yes dinosaurs you want lots of dinosaurs
yeah what kind
Rick red once so I've stolen the vlog we
are off to get a curry whilst except for
the fine she doesn't realize I've stolen
a mobile phone and we'll see we get to
sir
just got to the curry house so it's
gonna be a white Christmas while sit
here by this snowy Christmas tree we
went and decided that fern Hanna don't
have stopping so we thought they burned
it
I think that's not going to follow our
deal so we bought them a second home or
just discussing do we give them a piece
each or do you give them a sack of cold
well it's frozen convoluted I think more
of an impact is a whole bag of calm if
they're both got a bag of cold and it
kind of works I think we just have to
see how well then I have to share
yeah maybe share is an education maybe
share is definitely nice let's do that
well just have to see what happens on
Christmas now got some ghoulish light
coming from the top but I we have an
epic request from the quarry house that
they only had two possibilities then
gave us two tubs of god damn mango honey
Jesus but we are ready for bear curry
the girls don't know that we've stolen
from be interesting when they get back
and see this footage
it's a curry so I'm not entirely sure
what you guys will have just seen
because Mike apparently stole the vlog
and I am not allowed to watch the
footage so there we go I'm apologizing
if it's rude or inappropriate but
potentially it contains Christmas
presents so I hope they're good anyway
here is the curry oh my goodness me how
many sauces do we need like really
there's at least two each what these are
mine
what is your tactic I've got none and
then he also like stop everyone else
like no these are the curries there may
be a that'll be what that is a gel and
then putting the curry on top of this
filthy so we just had an evening and
they made me sing I like playing the
drums but you made me st. in you I am
sleepy much sleeper now I'm Jordan or
something was that I always go by in
seats and I usually knock one off
because I can't Christmas Eve as
Christmas because you do all the
Christmas yourself on Christmas Eve we
are headed bird but we will see you
tomorrow check out these awesome napkins
by the way we had these with our curry
because curry are such a festive meal
yeah but not like takeaway curry I
almost think tomorrow's had so much
curry good bye everybody
prepare yourselves for the jingle music
