hey guys it's vlogmas day 21 and today
it is apparently the end of the world we
have what 8 minutes 7 minutes or
something to be honest I don't think
anything is gonna happen
Becky's still here because she stayed
over funny that hello and she's gonna be
vlogging the actual end of the world
which is not gonna happen so I think we
have to like switch on the news because
I think if anything happens it's not
gonna be in England it's gonna be like
so anyway he was should be making our
way to a bunker awesome yeah something
crazy um this one house we've realized
today is Whoopi's for birthday and to
celebrate her birthday she's being
really really weird she's like actually
obsessed with Becky this morning when
she's eating her breakfast
well if was like coming up and could be
like she's like crying at her and she's
a very strange dog mike is that sharing
up a stew right here what we got in here
leeks onions cut some carrots got some
beef ready to go looking tasty
we didn't make dumplings I think we need
dumplings I can move I think me and
Becky should go and get coffee so guys
the world did not end then instead we
had a Christmas party these two what is
going on here there's Lizzy speed going
crazy Mike's trying to do something
shutting up the chair like a Christmas
tree with all the presents race but on
another note I bought the syrups from
foster that everyone has been talking
about for absolutely ages and I couldn't
find them hi I couldn't find the ages
and I managed to find them in coaster
they have these coffee syrup sets
they've got praline creme brulee
gingerbread roasted hizmet caramel
so good so I like any kind of flavored
cover that I want all Christmas so I
have managed to make an absolute mess
making my dumplings but I've made them
rosemarie and butter dumplings are going
into you this is my x2 might send this
to you I've done the dog things combined
effort I won't touch it so we're just
gonna pop them in for half an hour and
then we're gonna just like normal meat
like I would probably put it on a little
bit higher than it wasn't for like how
good they look you said I did loads I
did like two for everyone haha yum yum
yeah
do you like dumplings so here it is guys
this is - dumplings of like stuck like a
moisture you'd like grown like ten times
your essence there is some highly
professional rock bands going on right
now with Obama watching over it oh dear
we're not allowed to play because we go
this is sexist and I disagree to be
honest to talk to the girls because we
are the drums
look at this technique sad news guys
Becky is leaving me after only 24 hours
first aid I couldn't I wish I could sue
you for it
why'd you stay here why do you just not
be back what is your sack of work I mean
then you can sleep all the time you
might just have a chapter you happen am
I in Becky chat more than anyone else I
know bo has a good conservation last
night when you put them in a room
together it's literally like it took
ages to eat today and it's amazing
because the world would end today and
still alive say goodbye to Becky bye bye
so it is definitely time for bed now as
he may be able to tell by my eyes I just
fell asleep on so for watching Shaun of
the Dead we wanted to watch a Christmas
movie but instead of watching Christmas
movie we watched Shaun of the Dead
your choice wasn't it Mike very festive
but Mike is currently packing up rock
band because he's decided that we are
taking rock band to my parents because
it'll be fun then we're not taking the
play see that's cause we know that know
who's coming are you joking
I think presents take priority we're
gonna be there for a few days before
Christmas sir Shaun of the Dead is good
but yeah we're really good day yeah like
you shift up a good stew I sift up some
good meat three Bulls dumpling don't
things and yeah we had a good time and
now we are going to bed cuz I am very
very tired
the cats are being really funny they
love the tree in the presence very very
naughty but yes we'll leave you with a
nice festive view of the fire and we'll
see you tomorrow
it is nearly let's get ready for the
jingle
you
