hey guys so it's vlogmas day 20 so close
to Christmas now I can taste the mince
pies but I've just been filming a makeup
tutorial this morning my parents cuz we
stayed here last night and then I just
filmed a very very exciting video with
Hannah which will be up probably before
this video so if you haven't seen it yet
then head over to our bridal channel
which is called bride to force if you
haven't seen already and check that out
because we have some exciting news
Hannah's here on a little stool by the
auger and I'm on ride a little perch
here and I'm just about to head home
wolf is here sulking because we found a
rather comedy Christmas hat this morning
and I thought it was just a normal
Christmas hat until we found this
special you know it looks like a normal
normal Christmas hat yeah
totally normal until inside we found
this it comes complete with beard it
actually smells really bad and has come
out of the attic so we're not entirely
sure whose it was
but hopefully someone not too stinky
look at this oh my goodness me and we
put it on worth so yeah where feet
wasn't overly impressed we managed to
get a good picture by like putting on
her and snapping a picture straight away
but I am headed home now to do lots of
editing and then I think my friend Becky
from talked Becky talk is coming over to
stay tonight I thought she was actually
coming tomorrow
she said the 21st but then she just
texted me this morning saying is it
still all right if I come and stay
tonight I was like I thought you were
coming tomorrow but it's even better if
you want to come tonight so who knows
she might come she may not and there
were rumors that we might go and see The
Hobbit for the second time tonight but
that is still yet to be confirmed so
I've been editing all afternoon and I am
super duper bored the videos I've been
editing were probably out before this
video but look at this thumbnail of me
and my sister it made me laugh so I've
just been in my spare room slash office
there's the spare room side this is the
office side with my computer all
afternoon I'm waiting for Mike to get
back because he and I are going shopping
to get supplies for our Christmas / end
of the world party tomorrow so yes and I
am bored very bored waiting for him to
come home no it's my stuff for a bike
how are you doing mmm unshaven nice Sui
my razor misses whoopsie we are going to
wet Ross look at the scratch big scratch
on your nose was that speak yeah we're
going to wait tries to get supplies for
the Christmas party have you not just a
Christmas party we didn't why's the end
of the world Christmas party because
it's gonna be Christmas but it's not
gonna be the end of the world yeah ready
the 21st then um don't we do you buy
wine for the month okay so we need
mulled wine spices and poopy wine yeah
let's go what else what are we cooking
oh we could do mischief do so I'm gonna
cook your day I wanted to do this -
Caillou the dumplings if you do this -
well I thought it was lychee just to get
ready my dumplings she'd try and slip it
into the trolley without Mike I don't
have any practice
look
come here please
why do we need a minute tries to back
it's ridiculous
but it's so cute meaning ever needs a
Scrooge Christmas ham the Christmas ham
well yet a Kristen Hearst have your
mumble did she mom's Christmas time it's
the best monkids around there these
stinky precooked one
yes this alley all of its might so we
decided guys to go for the old classic
for heaters but tonight
many ice cream fish for a cinema night
there is but monsters really good fish I
think maybe getting had the same as me
so that shouldn't get jealous if she
likes that one thank what cookie day
yeah there's no more - - is it there's
no we've changed are lined with the mold
wine would have a multi side yes 25% off
how many bargain that's different
some around the core I didn't when you
probably more than three learning yeah
really hmm maybe for as I finally found
this drink that I tried a while ago it's
the sauv√© V water at sweetened with
stevia so good it's on sale - which
probably means they're gonna stop
stocking it which is not cool but yeah
agent we need this we need this we need
this
this is Evan easy to force right here
humbug Becky I'm so excited
we yeah she arrived with like enough
bags for at least two weeks but she's
staying for one night
all right Marie Nara pyjamas already she
walked in in high heels and a dress was
like gonna get changed walk straight
upstairs bought my gift
love it you a cupcake yeah I think
you've got skills at making these
cupcakes well I dropped it twice and
it's like a child
it looks like play-doh and like he's
gonna love it so Mike's been cheffing up
for heaters we are ready to chow down
we've got a glass of wine each all goods
ready for a bit of a sleepover ready for
a girly night Mike
hey guys so I'm gonna say goodnight now
cuz I am very sleepy and my contact has
gone all like Lulu my eye hurts and I
got mascara stuck on my eyelid but we
painted our nails look I've got this
sparkly red Becky went for sparkly pearl
what color is that I was how he's an age
of stress like what color is it
it's a China Glaze one I can't remove
the color though what's it called oh no
it's new bar petunia Sparkle from new
bars and I just had to show you this cat
because she looks so ridiculous
she is enjoying at the fire aren't you
Mitty hey little growly so you know I
know everybody right that is it for date
21 guys nearly Christmas bye look
there's Barack Obama with a hat on
get ready for the jingle
