hello guys it's vlogmas day 19 and
madness has officially hit my household
as you can see there is mess all over
the kitchen and I am headed to it's
almost always twelve o'clock ten past
twelve and I'm headed to the post office
on what I believe is the last postage
day before Christmas at lunch time could
there be any worse a time to go I don't
think so but it's the only time I can go
because I've got Tanya and Jim's
Christmas present here that everybody
want to send out and I've got some
packages from my online shop that needs
sending out and I've got an a sauce
package that I'm sending every single
thing back it arrived yesterday and the
quality was all bad on everything I
would load stuff I always do a sauce
because you get free delivery if he
spends a lot of money so I always kind
of like get loads of stuff and then send
most it back this time I'm sending
everything back so there will not be a
haul of that and yes I am in a bit of a
crazy manic mood as you may be able to
tell because it's gonna be a crazy
couple of days I think I tried to film a
makeup tutorial this morning but I
wasn't repaired enough so hopefully I'll
go to film that tonight
so I've washed my makeup brushes and got
all the makeup ready and stuff because I
really want to film it I've been trying
to film it for like the last week but
I've been coming back into from London
so much I haven't had the chance so yes
it is gonna be a busy day but I'm gonna
take you along with me I'm also popping
to Bicester village for lunch to meet
Mike's best friend and best man dodge
which isn't his real name it's wrong
name is James I don't really know I call
him dodge anyway I am going to meet him
and give him his Christmas presents
because we're not gonna see him until
the new year so yes I have to get going
but I will take you with me even if I'm
in a crazy hurry bye bye so guys I've
just battled the post office actually
wasn't that bad I thought was gonna be
so bad and there was like three people
in front of me so all the matter to
surprising me and now I'm in supermarket
stocking up on coffee capsules because
we are out there they are
these ones are the ones that I like
because I have a lot of Awesome machine
and these are good ones and I also need
some Christmas chocolate which is in the
same aisle I don't even know why I move
Christmas chocolate for presents I'm not
entirely sure what to get oh my god guys
at least eat Andres chocolate and
treacle tart chocolate yum but I kind of
want that looks amazing well that haze
went for these guys thought keep it easy
and classic
I love green about so tasty so I've just
arrived in Vista and the weather is
miserable is actually not very close to
where we live so it's kind of a long
drive and it was shocking it down with
rain the entire way oh it's so
unchristian to go and come back as snow
Michael no he'll be off to identify
later on but yeah I'm just on my way to
meet Dodge and do a bit of shopping in
the rain if I should pretty much
finished all of my Christmas shopping
except for two people that I need to get
a few things for one of Mike's friends
and then something to do with a video on
my channel at some point probably this
weekend or the end of this week so keep
your eyes out for that it's really
really really exciting and I can't wait
to talk about it but it's definitely
something nice ago idle chatter with my
sisters so yes I am gonna go and head to
some ways it means something gets a late
lunch
how I should be enough to get a hold of
Dodger I'm pretty sure he's here I'm
super duper because it's way past
lunchtime found him and we are in Basava
eat I wish my favorite place and I got a
scent champ anti I just got some other
kind of noodles
me doli doli bad me green mango on top
and crab big news guys there is now a
Kate Spade in Vista amazing and the
discounts really pretty good dodge
bought a little something in there for a
certain someone which we can't talk
about till Christmas but yeah super
excited that it's actually even in the
UK and in Vista yes hey guys I am back
in Z car on my way home from Vista
I am stationary obviously I'm in a car
park it's still such a miserable day and
dark already it's half past four
I'm on my way home I'm going to see Mike
actually mike isn't at home he's at my
parents house so I'm gonna go again
because Mike is staying a week and he
just loves spending time with spike
which is so cute he spikes Godfather as
well which is really funny he actually
posted a picture of spike on Instagram
yesterday and saying saying like oh this
is my godson and people like it's not
spike he's too old it is spike spike has
grown so much but yeah so I'm gonna go
home and pick up Whoopi then head over
20 miles for dinner I've got a little
bit of editing to do in between I don't
know where I'm gonna do that but I all
do it yeah a fairly successful date
mister I didn't end up getting the
presents for the people I wanted to get
them for but I ended up getting some new
towels for the bathroom which really we
really need it because the ones we have
were like stains from the floor because
the floor is wooden and anyway it sounds
like a weird story but basically we
needed you towels and I got some new
towels I'm like 50% off which is good
and I also bought a scarf which I will
show you later it's absolutely beautiful
it's from Matthew Williamson and it was
like 70% off we walked in and it was
like oh my god all the sky was empty
sent off so I got a couple of Christmas
presents and stuff for the new year as
well save for like people's birthdays
who were coming up in January and
February like I don't know if you guys
know anyone with a birthday in February
that might do YouTube hmm but maybe she
got a present for of her Ingrid anyway
um so yeah that is what I am doing this
evening and I will see you in a while my
little crocodiles
I just had to vlog the Christmas lights
well so I was driving past and
I see them out on my rainy window but
they're amazing look who I found whoopee
come here come here
hello little baby got some snacks snacks
is it dinner time yeah kill them so
super duper exciting guys here are my
new towels mmm
but seriously I actually really like the
color of them even though towel sorry
boy but I'm literally obsessed with it
it looks a little something like this so
as you can see it has a kind of like
globe Atlas theme and then it has these
little black and white details on the
side but the whole thing it's actually
quite a big scar even though this was a
smaller size but look at it it's like
kind of greeny like dark olive greens
with bright pink it's just absolutely
beautiful I'm obsessed with it little
globes
it was 70% off amazing that is why I
love Vista Village love it and I'm off
to my mum's bye-bye look who I found you
in probably it's more like look who you
found yeah I found today what have you
been doing something I've been in a
certain place in scale electrics corner
I'm going to do it camera one second
pause pause Oh moving right we have to
go into the secret drawer somewhere
spike can't see them but these are what
we've been playing with okay so this is
what we were playing with already which
are old scorns no you have to put in the
plug on and then these are what they
bought today
which ones you want to play with the new
ones no you have to read focus oh I have
that one okay right the only focus you
can't get that faster these Wow wrong
way right sorry this is bad camera one
which are you number one of you number
two track EP number two Mike's gonna win
so my filming rubbish you film because
my film is rubbish can you put my
opinion on the track okay guys here we
go
the race of the century three two one oh
that wasn't
oh my god I'm going I'm going
it's me right okay guys we've got
upgrade what are these cars might this
is a Ferrari 599 yeah I should get a
head start you start there once again we
go part of the way it does up fix it
okay one two three good winning I'm so
winning morning I'm so not winning
you're gonna I'm gonna get in the way of
you and then you say that but not broken
you're cheating no do you think I'm just
winning
see you in another walk mistake
