hi everyone it is vlogmas day a DJ - I'm
taking a mistake arriving a little bit
late we're going to the train station
yeah we're going to London going
Christmas shopping what I am fluss
coming I've got the Loreal shoot in the
afternoon but having a shopping morning
aren't we yeah and then I really want
sushi for lunch outfits we've been
seeing you on Christmas chains but
generally feeling merrily safer it's a
week till Christmas guys one we own week
and I've really worked out I think I've
been seeing most days coming up hell
yeah yeah well I never see you yeah so
it's all it's all pretty goods and yeah
you know if you're wondering what that
noise is
it's the noisy suitcase we're going to
drop off I might like to try and go half
on the couples balance slightly we're
going to drop it off and pick up my post
from IPA box are just super exciting and
then we're going first step sharpie I
want to show you our matching outfits
okay this is what this is what Hamilton
okay great minds think alike
so we're having a pretty unsuccessful
shopping trips little Lizzie sports and
stocking fillers
cheese for her brother and sister they
don't watch this today so you say what
is your margin yeah he is chocolate with
was rambha Menaka your chocolate section
and I got is amazing I didn't realize it
that and we are now going for dim sum
going this is like exactly the same day
I had with Gemma a couple of days ago
dim sum reciting liberties and recycling
my dates I'm just a serial dater I just
think everyone on the same day it's
basically nobody find us I know it looks
so pretty doesn't it
although yeah yeah every house except
mmm um all their lists who says it's
fake which it kind of it is I think
isn't it but it's all fake do you know
what I mean like it's been there for a
long time even though it's not actually
what story thirty years maybe no what
its own bad 1875 so it's not actually
Tudor nasty taxi so it's like mock tudor
from the 1800s yeah maybe
see this needed architecture but unity
and she's like well you didn't architect
like all sexual history architectural
history and you need to choose like well
it's fake its fake
time has fresh lemonade it got his and
in wearing ping pong in London and it
comes with a shocked over the pureed
fruit puree I got apricot
how yummy Catholic Embassy has displayed
is it a statement it's pretty good as
long it's a satirist man yeah honey
glazed ribs my fave Austin Powers like
baby back baby back so this is Lucy's
personal lunch
no just joking mr. chair so we have a
cow which i think is wrong with problem
on your plate so spicy black sesame seed
dumpling which is really hot I had this
with Gemma that it looks really good
crab and crab and prawn dumplings which
is Naomi righteous which is the best
thing literally ever so my favorite
thing Charles with man hey so I haven't
flown since lunch and naughty me slap
wrist went really well
I couldn't film there but you can see
the like live stream not live if you get
what I mean I like uploading it to
youtube so you can check that out it was
really fun really good time and they
gave me some nice makeup so been
shopping today if one or two circuits is
a spending thing we have dinner and
listen my second hotel anyone no no if
you don't tell them this he got package
again after dinner in station but it was
it particular it wasn't any sandwich
wait I've got really normal mix of food
King Khan's I eat the weirdest things
well it's just me I've got
stuff cherry bell peppers which was
sharing with which I'm showing with you
yeah and then fruit and just to top it
all off fresh lemonade I didn't tell you
guys what happened in the carpark as we
left home today
we're in such a hurry and the card
machine was broken to pay for the car
and the car machine's broken to pay for
the car part so I was like okay I'll do
it my phone will do it on the train got
the Train totally forgot so we totally
forgot until like two hours after we I
forgot to do the car so I'm pretty sure
we'll get her okay guys we're
approaching the car we're approaching
the car and now is the time do we know
is it no house they're not gonna take it
oh no dude does it okay I'm thinking
there must be like a secret ticket
hidden somewhere oh my god it doesn't
have a ticket yes whoa and off we go
home so guys we just got back to find
that Mike has decorated the good mr.
look he's done this all the lights up
here and the foliage and he's got some
foliage up the stairs basically what we
do every year but Mike did it whilst I
was away today because I didn't get a
chance to do it the other night when I
was wrapping presents and is there
anything else the door yes the wreath I
knew there was one other thing and the
wreath on the door no pretty with
feelings of
and we walked in and he was playing
Christmas songs super loud and he's done
all the ironing generally Mike to force
you sure what a legend and you know what
guys we haven't opened today's advent
calendar yet so here I go with number 18
was 18 in French Lisi the van sank D
sweet sweet here we go van sank it's
like what 25 ok steam cream
yes steam is really good this is a nice
kind of rose gold apart as well very
nice and in my nail varnish one another
caviar manicure this is actually Oh Mike
someone just hit me on the head like a
can you see it can you see it it's like
a pink and blue I really like that a lot
anyway is a dog because Mike as a kinder
goes ultimate like light and dark your
milk on my pants tears are where you can
what's a date the 18th I'm on it
I lit like a cup on it let's go on it
like a gin and tonic we're not drunk
guys just because I said gin and tonic
we just higher life and Christmas like
this blue light in my video look so cool
so yeah that's probably gonna be it
today I think that's all I've got to say
I'm a poet and I didn't know it
goodbye everybody I hope you enjoy
dogmas I hope you enjoyed you can have
it I hope you enjoyed frog mistake 18
and I will see you tomorrow get ready
for the jingle you wanna try again
okay wait get ready for the jingle
