hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 17
now today I have turned my wardrobe
upside down as you can see on the bed
here my room is a little bit of a mess
but I would explain to you in a minute
why that is now I've been really busy
today so it's about 6 o'clock now and I
haven't vlogged yet I'm really sorry but
I've been sending out the prizes for my
Christmas giveaway as to all of the
winners so I'm really really really
excited for you guys if you have won a
prize in my giveaway it will be on its
way to you very very soon if it's not
already on its way so most of them went
today so to explain this mountain of
clothes behind me I am taking part in a
project with L'Oreal tomorrow which I'm
really really excited about it's called
love at first color it's actually gonna
be a live stream which is going up live
on YouTube tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. so if
you guys want to watch it I would
absolutely love it if you came to watch
it I'm pretty nervous about doing live
stuff but hopefully it'll be really
really good
cherry Healy is also in it which I'm
really excited about cuz I'm a massive
fan if you guys don't know who she is if
you're not in the UK she's a TV
presenter over here and she does really
interesting documentary so I'm really
interested to be working with her anyway
I've been asked by L'Oreal to help them
choose outfits
for various different hair colors now I
can't talk too much about it because it
will all be in tomorrow's live show but
I basically been asked to kind of pick
out colors and different kind of
clothing suggestions for blondes
brunettes redheads and I would say like
blackheads but as definitely wrong for
girls with black hair as well so I'm
gonna show you some of the options and I
would love it if you guys said in the
comments below like what you think I
should take because obviously I'm blonde
so most of my experience and most of my
wardrobe it's kind of based around my
hair color that although not too
strongly because I am kind of a believer
and just like wear whatever you want but
there are definitely colors that suit
like different hair types much much
better than others so this is what I've
done so far and if you do have like red
black or brown hair and you'd like
disagree with my opinions or if you have
a favorite of the items I picked out
then please let me know in the comments
because this video is gonna go up before
I actually pack everything up and take
it with me tomorrow so without further
ado so I'm gonna start off with my
options for
or black hair now as you can see it's
all kind of just laid out on my bed I've
kind of done it like a mood board style
so I've laid everything out they're not
necessarily for the same outfit but I've
chosen like a lot of cool gray tones and
like bright blues which I think look
really really good with black hair
probably because they contrast but also
like this scarf has lots of different
jewel tones in it which generally look
good with darker hair colors and black
hair colors so yeah I've got a lot of
kind of pale gray this is actually my
favorite this dress is by Matthew
Williamson I love it and then moving on
to the blonde stuff as you can see I've
gone for a lot of kind of pastels my
nude sparkly dress which I wore in my
last get ready with me video which I
love then I have like a mint green
jacket it's my one of my favorite
scarves of all time mix pastels bright
pink a cream hat which I have said so
many times in the last few videos I
think because I love that cream hat and
I think cream hats look great with
blonde hair so that's like my little
blonde section and that's my black
section and then moving on to this side
this is my little kind of redhead
collection going on here so I've got
quite a bit of purple and then a lot of
green but not kind of overpowering green
so like Camus's green but quite subtle
in a way I think I think sometimes
redheads get told to wear green a lot
and if you kind of overdo it I think you
can look a bit much I really love this
scarf actually I got this last Christmas
from Zara and it's like a super sparkly
kind of infinity scarf and actually like
adds just a tiny bit of sparkle but it's
still quite a muted color in the base of
it so I really love that little black
dress another scarf with like purple and
green in it again the green and this is
really really subtle it's just got tiny
bits in which I really like and then
last but not least here is my choice for
brunettes so as you can see very warm
tones lots of kind of coppers Browns bit
of red this skirt is actually new I
bought this here today from Oasis and I
love it it's like my Christmas I think
it's gonna be my Christmas Day skirt so
I love that and that is my kind of
collection for brunettes so yeah
definitely let me know what you guys
think and if you have any kind of ideas
or anything to help me out because like
I said I'm kind of nervous but I'm
really really excited I'll put
in the info bar below to where you can
go to watch that like I said it will be
7:30 p.m. tomorrow night which is
Tuesday the 18th of December it will be
live on YouTube I'll put the exact kind
of address in the info bar below
I believe it's 45 minutes and you will
be able to see you girls like coloring
their hair for the first time like live
on camera and like all the decision
process that goes through that and like
I said I will be talking about clothes
which are pretty much my favorite thing
to talk about next to makeup so it is
all good anyway I am about to head off
to my parents for dinner tonight Mike is
already over there because he went
straight over after work because spike
is actually staying with my parents
tonight
and Mike and spike Mike and Spike there
we go get along like an absolute house
on fire like Mike absolutely loves him
so they've been playing all afternoon
and I'm gonna go and join them for
dinner so I'm not entirely sure what mom
is cooking but I'm sure it'll be tasty
and I will show you when I get there or
another note guys it's advent calendar
time okay 1710 tada
it is the Nicky Clarke something or
other if I can get it out without
ripping my finger off the Nicky Clarke
instant karma seek soften and shine balm
that sounds quite good for my hair
because we do tend to get a little bit
of frizziness cuz I dye it and in my dad
wash one I have it looks like a dark one
oh nice it's like a really dark navy
cold focus there we go called power
dressing very nice and I'm off to have
some tasty home cookin oh look at the
lamb chops tasty lamb chops Mike is
dishing himself up some lamb chops and
we are gonna eat them now so I will see
you tomorrow I am going to London with
Lizzie and then I've got this L'Oreal
shoot so I would take you along with me
and that is all bye
