hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 16
as you can tell
today is Sunday I've got no makeup on my
hair is dry it all crazy and I am at
home finally back at home if you have
been following my vlogs for the past
week you will know that Mike and I have
both been in London for the whole week
so we're really excited to get home and
you know the best thing about getting
home during the summer when you've been
away for a week is your advent calendars
we've been away for I think five days
missing our advent calendar so I am
going to open them the last one I opened
is the 10th so I'm gonna start with my
latest in beauty one in 11 whoo
a Jo hunts for expert color care
intensive mask and love hair masks so
that is going to be used definitely
where is number 12
yeah this is balance me it looks like an
oil products out without really hurting
your fingers um
balance me radiance face oil and that's
a lot for a face oil as well because you
only need a tiny bit that's good I love
balance that's the big one
oh hey this advic color is amazing Sam
to pay instant glow body lotion amazing
14 these are really good ones those last
three it like eating really good ones
fellow care cosmetics wow look at that's
a good coppery gold color I'm Julianne
eye shadow it's like a mineral eyeshadow
that's pretty fifteen this is so
exciting
this one what is that lipgloss minner
mmm Myron s lipgloss I like that color
it's quite a cool packaging here and
then last but not least today's 116 lock
on teeny-tiny ah
awesome aromatherapy Associates bath jar
oil which is like my favorite stuff ever
revive morning yes I love this stuff so
that is that I'd make calendar look at
all the stuff you and then this is my
nail varnish at my calendar so we're
gonna start with the 11 and this is the
caviar manicure pearls this bumblebee
yeah in bumble bee I'm not actually sure
about that color I think it's bit today
oh it's yellow and black together hence
the name oh no this is an awesome color
Twilight it's like a dog it's like a
black bass with like a dark green and
gold shimmer to it that's really nice
and love that fatty
wow that's an awesome color too glass
slipper which is like a bright metallic
blue shimmer I love that and orange it's
almost like it's like a coral called
speed-dial really liked that a lot as
well I'm gonna go away more often during
December 2nd blue headliner it's almost
like a awkwardly love that and then last
but not least this is like my favorite
favorite yellow if it's the same one I
actually have the full-size big yellow
taxi is such a cool yellow color yay
so much advent calendar loving guys
happy happy me my friend Lisi if you
guys watch a lot of my video
she's like my oldest oldest friend is
actually coming over today because she
has finished term and she's now on our
Christmas holidays so I will see you a
bit later with her I think we might be
going to the pub for Sunday roast yay
she's back Christian bag for Christmas
and she's got a Christmas jumper on
Rudolph hello you walked in looking so
fast at work hard on it okay looking so
festive today it was like Christmas
instantly and you're back now a few
weeks are you gonna see a lot more of
this face of face and we're in the pub
but we're right next to the Christmas
tree but the Christmas tree into a hole
it's like the cutest Christmas tree ever
really nicely separated and then they've
just like shoved it into holes it's
slightly wonky and like squished go with
ordered we're a little bit overexcited I
think this one is a bit weird with the
lighting and the weirdness it's like a
roast beef sandwich gonna eat it tasted
stood with your point magnet I'm gonna
eat mine now
we just thought we show you the cutest
pony in the world
my gosh we're now back from the pub and
we're taking the dog through and it's
actually like the most miserable day
we're like yeah let's take the dog for a
walk and it's like squelch squerch you
like five sizes too big and in other
news we have matching hats on oh yeah we
good the dogs are here so I don't poo
she hasn't actually been in a vlog since
he first got her inches tiny so it'd be
cool to show her now cuz she's all big
and fluffy but worth like hates her with
his like I am NOT being your friend
get out of my house she's really super
responsible trained just like worth
she's eating poo as well there she is
look she's quite cute she's still still
super fluffy fluffy dog but she's like
ten times the size oh she would you like
walk really quick we were like we got a
long one and then we came outside were
like no so Lizzy has gone home now but I
am taking the Sunday night opportunity
to finish wrapping all of my Christmas
presents and I have a last few couple of
things here in bags that I'm gonna wrap
up I am doing this accompanied by the
fire and et epic I do actually have a
couple more decorations to put up I
actually haven't really decorated the
rest of the house apart from the
Christmas tree so that is definitely
something I need to do tonight as well
so I will keep you updated on my
Christmassy festive mission and desi
teas coming back to life oh my god so
guys I finished all my wrapping and
there's like a mountain of presents
under the Christmas tree which makes me
ridiculously excited for Christmas and
it's like a week away basically it's
eight more sleep so Christmas Eve
yeah so excited and I'm gonna call it a
night now I've just made Mike who is
working away on as usual Sunday night
malarkey
me a cup of tea that's mine and I know
miss your cup of tea and look what he's
got chocolate thing you don't see a
trick I do my first night my favorite my
rental business that he's in the Army's
obviously when he's protecting the world
and that when he's when he's very busy
doesn't it
watch yes good you know about those
things off no use as a strong soldier
very silly biscuits no TV leaving
naughty Mitty right we'll see you
tomorrow for yet another day of vlogmas
