hey guys so it's blood Wednesday it's 15
and it's a Saturday today and I am on
Oxford Street which is getting really
busy it's actually only half 11:00 so
it's not super duper busy yet but I
think today is going to be probably one
of the busiest shopping days of the year
because it's like right before Christmas
I'm on my way to meet my friends men who
were subsequently don't see me enough
like I very very rarely see her so I'm
super excited to meet up with her and
meeting her for a coffee and then I'm
headed to the festive gathering in High
Park which is really exciting so
hopefully I'll get to meet some of you
guys I think I'm meeting Louise and Zoe
and the boys and stuff before so
hopefully that'll be good and yeah I'm
gonna take you along with me
as oh hello guys I'm in Hyde Park but
Zoe do you mind being in my I already
selfie ever is I did you smell
ridiculously strong a Britney Spears now
not gonna lie I'm with Zooey's as well
who's here and in case you're wondering
what my racket is it's very noisy very
noisy also with Tiana who's can you see
it yeah who is Louisa sister hey lugging
some boy stuff but we are just on our
way in the region we don't know where it
is and I feel like we walked in the
wrong direction but alphas like marching
as if he knows where he's going so who
knows
which one done look so pretty and nice
from far away when you go close up to it
it's like a beast so I am in Hyde Park
with all of these awesome people I'll
take you along to meet everyone around
here and see if they want to say hi to
you all because you know they might and
that is everyone in the cube on and say
hi and gather them all on camera the
hugest queue I've ever seen photography
in my whole life I think he's gonna be
here till tomorrow hey guys so it's
quite a bit later now and I am now home
from the festive gathering which was
totally awesome it's so nice to meet so
many of you guys I couldn't leave how
many people actually came because I only
announced that I was gonna go like a
couple of days ago so it's really cool
and if you did come and say hi thank you
and it was great to meet you guys
I love meeting subscribers because it's
kind of a weird thing making videos on
YouTube because I feel like you guys
know me but I don't know you so it's so
great to meet some of you anyway I'm
home now at my parents house and we are
getting an Indian takeaway which is
exciting because I'm hungry
and I came home so many people today as
well said how much they love Whoopie
they did what they did they said how
much they love you but she went
absolutely mental when I got home
because Mike's been up in Liverpool
today watching the football and so woof
he was super excited when I got back
because she's just been with my parents
so yeah that is it for the moment I will
update you in a bit probably when Mike
gets back so I never finished my vlog
last night I'm really sorry I fell
asleep on the sofa before Mike got home
in my fluffy onesie but he got home fine
he is here and that is going to be the
end of Floyd's worst day 15 thank you
very much for coming to the meetup
everybody I loved meeting you go
ready for the jingle
