well hello everybody it is vlogmas day
we're in documentary quiet stealth style
why because we're about to make an order
someone's a sushi monster and is
insisting you've stolen my Christmas
technically when you'll say I've stolen
your Christmas with her
this is my Christmas hat not yours I've
been wearing it oh it's mine so we are
going to order some solution sushi time
sushi time yeah yeah yeah yeah you mean
sushi give us hurry up and order it
because I'm getting hungry he does I
want a miso soup
I'd like some salmon hearing and salmon
Maki please done and I'm like yeah hey
chicken katsu curry please we need to
get the code we've got a discount code
do we what kind of is it free roller
five handles get me what else he
ordering same thing I had the other day
I'm gonna get back well not exactly the
same thing cuz that was sharing oh so
adventurous getting the same thing every
day if I'm mixing up today the other day
I just like giant giant spicy tuna roll
I'm ordering that very interesting do
you want to tell everyone and why I'm
wearing a festive hat because it's cold
and it's Christmas and another reason
cuz you're going to a friend's house
tonight tonight you've got your bah
humbug jumper for that house a Christmas
jumper I'm wearing my bow jumper with my
gap you got reindeer on your face sushi
time for the second time in three days
we're gonna turn into fishes oh wait you
are a fish already
YUM chomp mine looks better than you
so we are ready this lighting is creepy
that's better
we are ready for the Christmas party yes
and in thoroughly uncoordinated
Christmas ich nicht where so I have my
bobble hat from Topshop that I bought
yesterday with Gemma and I love it it's
warm and cozy and the bubble is really
soft fill the bottle like it's like
super soft oh and then I have on my
j.crew bow jumper with a little black
t-shirt on underneath just to make it a
bit longer because it's kind of
awkwardly short and then I have on this
really pretty sparkly skirt which is
actually from Oasis black boots red
lipstick and i'm ready to go i'm wearing
my fav wear so glossy stain and number
10 my nails already chipped but it's
mine i watch in your car yes yes i can
paint or and mike is that permitted mike
is wearing my Christmas know which is
Christmas but he's stolen it back he
looks really girly nice his hair is
without actually happy and he's back
anyway he's gonna do a Superman like
reveal of his Christmas jumper dun Dada
da bah humbug he's he's a miserable git
I'm not I feel very funny what else he
you wearing your little scarf on this is
your favorite scarf that was from my mum
last Christmas I don't know who's she
got in TK Maxx I know that much and then
my mom bought it for gramming so it
granny actually gave it to you but more
much she bought it and then you have
your jeans diesel jeans and comedy so
check it oh yeah and this nice leather
jacket is actually really soft it makes
cuddling all the nicer anyway we have
their Christmas presents we're going to
I don't know if you guys remember two
years ago I made my Christmas gift guide
with Sam it's salmon has got
Loren's house up 19 we have their Krista
fence look at the beautiful wrapping
paper and then we also have a giant
bottle of strong but I signed it because
they're making mulled cider and they
said can everyone bring a bottle to like
keep it topped up which i think is
really cool because I like mulled wine
but mulled cider is so much better and
yes see your face yes we're just driving
through where I share my blush there's
the coca-cola motional thing giving away
free coca-cola no Santa Claus is there
and also should be like you should take
a picture hashtag holidays are coming
don't know why I'm saying hello to the
truck guys I'm just weird we might get a
better view of it I think we're like
three lanes over there I'm backing off
so you can get a view those trees so
festive guys so festive it's time for
another car vlog we are on our way home
after the party we didn't actually stay
for too long what's times like half 11
ish yeah because we have to be up early
in the morning because Mike's going to
watch the football in a Liverpool and I
am going to the festive gallery meter
which I'm super excited about and if you
guys are coming actually to be honest
this video will probably go up after
I've been in the morning it's gonna say
if you're coming I'll probably be
wearing this hat and the scarf so you'll
know when you see me but anyway that is
random yeah we had a nice foam at the
party had some nice mulled cider which
was really sound driving yeah my BAE
which was a bit inferior wasn't it so
then you move to go so yeah it's about
cider mulled cider is actually so good
we always have multiplyin like at home
and like most
kind of pumps in suppose we multiply
mold cider is the way forward guys it's
basically like alcoholic apple juice
with spices in it apple juice flood if
anyone watches fantastic mr. Fox Oh has
what fantastic as folks might know about
and exciting stuff guys we got given our
first Christmas presents of the year
looks lines down there can you see it
I'm so excited to put it under the tree
I'm just coming up hey guys so we've
just got home and read some really
really sad and tragic news online that
about the shooting in Connecticut in the
states and we're both just like really
young and I just can't even believe it
like someone do that this boy innocent
people or that it's just sick
I'm so sad so sad for everybody involved
like we don't even need to talk about it
I like I'm pretty sure everybody in the
world will know about it way in advance
of this video happening and will feel
the same to you but yeah it's definitely
some great news and put down on the
evening so we're gonna call it a night
and I hope you guys are all safe and
well in your homes because some people
some children aren't tonight which is
really sad to say yeah we're gonna have
a cup of tea and head to bed and I will
see you tomorrow really looking forward
to the meet up meet some cool people
tomorrow and yeah see you then guys
