hey guys it's vlogmas day 13 I actually
can't believe is the 13th already
Christmas is nearly upon us
unlucky for some lucky for anyone that's
a Taylor Swift fan anyway I am here with
a beautiful Gemma
otherwise known as James backyard she
comes complete with this awesome laptop
which Herman show miniature is it made
for I just take it on the girls made for
babies to hold just joking guys a
personal mirror yourself in the iPhone I
want one it's the coolest thing ever
do you ever like pretend to be typing on
it here on the tube we she's that cool
guys is that cool so we have just
finished a tasty meal at ping pong which
is becoming our regular I think yeah we
were yeah you do log turkeys my Polly is
blocked over I'm not with it I'm not
with it certainly we finished that we
didn't blow because we're so hungry we
ate it just like but now Jemma announced
that she was like oh before I go I
really want to go to the deputies and I
was like meet you and so we're going on
an adventure to lift my eye the same
thing but we'll show you will show you
in a minute
oh this suspense
doesn't smell like anything it smells
like alcohol at first like really Shana
yeah it just smells al smells like
alcohol but you need to like let it I'm
not sure about this height guys you need
to let it develop is it it's just one
one thing one thing it smells like the
violet some people so I've decided guys
that the molecule one perfume smells a
bit like what the hell is all I knows we
smelled it now that was all my nose I
think I have candle of my nose it's gone
now
we've been smelling candles I think it
smells kind of like pee but like
possibly the best that a pika smells you
know what I mean I look at on other
people though you're not meant to be
able to smell it yourself but I'm
slightly concerned by it at the moment
we're looking at Dipti Christmas candle
I'm just thinking we're crazy he thinks
we're really crazy
I wouldn't you know I'm not big I like
I'm not a big fan of the satchels but I
do like that one you know what I'm only
one I want a new really hot bike a
winter hat but good one yeah cuz I came
in here and I have a voucher here and I
was gonna buy it but they're just like
so bad like like
so guys we're now in monkey which is
James having a bit of biggie where you
can play clothes that make you look like
a monkey like this this is actually
really soft I think I'll buy a few for
Kristen's if you agree to wear it for
the rest of you okay this is where you
can get a monkey a fairy monkey iPad of
cases that we've decided Kevin's gonna
be giving it back she's actually mad
yeah well now we're gonna good now we're
like let's go shopping and buy perfume
that smells like pee
the perfume actually smells good now
it's kind of developed into something
it's kind of like fruity and sweet on me
and like violet II on you yeah it's cool
it smells different on everybody so
we're going to go and purchase that I
don't let me dance and maybe a candle
they won't be playing they won't be
playing in there I'm gonna buy this one
make a purchase that's big what happens
everyone yeah we got a boo-boo I cut my
finger I was making my sandwich but it
was kind of sad we chose it then I
sliced into my finger with what is a
really nice kitchen knife obviously to
talk slice into my finger frosted it up
it's five the next day I went to make
him a sandwich you can seem pleased
exactly place reopened
you need to own Lowe's protective super
sandwich glow just maybe these two by
savages instead they can be Nixon we're
in Christmas land even though it is
actually Christmas now so it's nice
this is really cycling this your new
friend this is not my new friend it's
this all the others like feel like a bit
this looks cute fluffy you touch it is
like a coffin look at them there's a
whole family we've just come out of the
demon that is Oxford Circus top shops I
can read it is a rave in there it's so
loud so busy but I want to show you guys
gemma is off home and I'm off home well
I'm off to the cinema look watch Emma
for us friendship necklaces
Gemma's got a G for Gemma and apparently
the lady G is adventurous and loves to
eat or to travel can't hold me down and
earth lady's a warm-hearted and
compassionate can be very flirty but
once committed lady FS are very loyal I
was way longer than your team flirty so
yeah
I also got a hat which I'll show you
later the same height in different we
need to put them on I forgot that we got
the same one
hold on a minute guys some real action
action shot I can't look we've got this
same hat in different color eyes green
and then- cream so it might be my crazy
mental blonde hair that's not behaving
today so yeah that is it from us Verde I
will see you at the Hobbit but Gemma
probably won't see for a while hopefully
I don't see ya merry Christmas from
Gemma is it my time polka time maybe I
was in that choice so we just got home
ever seen The Hobbit and I'm talking
quietly because it's like 1:30 in the
morning right now but I thought it would
finish the vlog and just tell you all
that the Hobbit was
it was so good it was like Lord of the
Rings all over again but I don't know if
it was even more epic it was definitely
like a lot more like action the whole
time it was cool anyway I really enjoyed
it and I definitely recommend it
we actually went to see it and what's
the weird frame rate that we were seeing
in it 48 frames per second as lacy went
in IMAX which is IMAX 3d 48 frames a
second but they have done it in 24
frames second pendency normal cinema and
it was like it was really cool but at
the same time personally for me you
didn't ruin it no because the film was
amazing but it just it's not I'm used to
and it's something that's new and
different and so it's hard to be cool
but it's so cool to see a in that
because that's what they wanted it
that's what the director would say yeah
cool and Wolfie is here
Oh another thing as well I had such a
great day with Gemma but the best thing
that happened today we got some really
awesome news from our friends Tonya and
James they're getting married
- I got so excited and Tonya actually
texted me before they announced it on
Twitter today being like we're getting
married it's amazing and then I saw oh
go crazy on Twitter
Jim told my I don't know she said
actually and he kept it secret
I said yeah but you kept a totally
secret everybody it's been so he's like
I've literally know so long and so many
times I wanted stuff I mean but you
didn't even like hint it so I was super
excited and it's another set of our
friends getting married
mmm it's cool to have another set of my
friends getting married which is we're
like the only ones at the moment so
that's C pretty pretty exciting and
we're gonna call it a night tonight but
we will see you all tomorrow for vlogmas
day 14 get ready for the jingle
you
