hello guys that's why you need your hat
on cuz infamous terms of a mess well I
really can't wait if you like
hello guys wanna welcome back welcome to
where where have we did lubob days f ing
into flu vlog and we lost five days of
it basically if you can't tell what
voice I got really ill after the last
time I saw you guys which was in New
York and I was feeling rubbish I arrived
home and had flu and without for four
days I tried with like torture
Mike tried really hard not to catch it
and unfortunately on Valentine's Day
I let her give me one kiss me last night
in a spoon cool otherwise known as I
genuinely wedding in a feverish way so
much I don't have ever sweated that I
thought you had wet bed that's really
disgusting me throughout the case your
what do you do for the opposite maybe
maybe I did maybe I secretly Michael are
expressing really right I reached over
like it remember that I it was like it's
like it's wet the bed is where I was
like oh my god
Mike has where the bed I think it's
going to be a divorce this is bad and
then I touched him and you you were like
so I was like it I would say I was close
to boiling point and then about an hour
later woke up close to freezing point
and then backed away what if it's not
here today but not he's nice thanks a
lot of things are updated so anyway yes
today's vlog we're starting in the
evening because it's going and finishing
we started
just give me one take log basically
because it is I kind of know and I'm
this old things just happen one thing
it's a lot of chat when you're involved
in that long it's just ten minutes of
chat um basically we've been planning
something very exciting and we can
finally tell you we're actually meant to
tell you earlier the week because I
would tell someone was on you know go to
bed it didn't happen but you guys won't
remember that in January in my kind of
like New Year's
chat videos I did all my own channel I
mentioned doing half marathon yes
okay guys it is happening it's
officially happening it's going to be
called run before
hashtag run before you're going to be a
good hashtag hashtag it's going to be
happening on July the second big news in
North have to share we're going to have
a small number of places open to you
guys it's going to be a fairly I think
it's good without 50 people in total
we're not entirely sure on exact numbers
yet because mostly some people we're
going to try and get some friends to do
as well but in terms of subscribers
doing it we're going to have a dub
review guys which we're inviting you to
apply if you want how does this what
what I've been telling that okay Stassi
so half marathon we want you guys to do
it with us I'm so unfit as you can tell
right like now we're very unhealthy like
we should we can't physically running
I'd receive a mile I think I would die
me before that we have a triangle April
May to July so we have four months at a
bit easy to do the Train seeing really
like you could run a hot bath it easily
for me this is hard I need to get
trading let's be fair for me as I am I'm
doing my full marathon in September so
it's like my like build up we don't care
about your format just care about run
before but they're not explaining
zapping why July we're doing it with
Copperfield by charity our charity
favorite charity basically but I am an
ambassador or a digital boob ambassador
I think I've shown in my food is my
official title I am cocktail if you
don't have your cocktail are basically
they are a breast cancer charity piglets
currently trying to jump on me later and
she would come on Kiki come on your
partner their breast has charity who
focus on demolishing diminishing or
demolishing late detection of breast
cancer especially in young people so
they're getting all of you guys to check
your boot I've made a video about it
before if you haven't seen it go and
check it out involves me w around in a
boob balaclava it's pretty churches and
piggy have you checked your boobs today
obviously she has celebrity nipples
I wonder how like if she has to check
each one like yeah you do pick mine
under the armpits as well you know she's
like much
so basically we're doing with that we're
going to try and raise as much money as
we possibly can for copperfield because
you can awesome charity and that is what
we're doing so if you want to do it if
you think you could do it it's going to
be on the 2nd of July we are going to be
raising money we if you can't run it
definitely we're going to be asking you
to donate if you can't because that'll
be awesome
no yeah we have to everything up in
terms of donating yet we don't want to
ask you yet what I like campaigner yet
we ask you to join us in the way if
you're a runner cover joiner we're going
to put a link below are we doing it like
so in a sense for all running together
or are we doing it you could get better
quickly I think it should be we all run
together I want to do things that
possible you are not good at that
because whenever we go on a run you
leave me behind to let's go just let me
get through all the information I need
to get through before let's carry
another pillow I will argument this I
will argue with you about it I'm kind of
the argument right now commercial
clapping and you know anyway so that is
what's happening if you want to run it
we're going to put a link is it if i
wobble o to head over to it that there
who to go to Copperfield's website where
they have a page where you can sign up
and you want to tell us why you would do
it well you're not telling yes you have
to tell us why you want to do it how
you're going to raise the money
all of that good stuff and what all of
the applications are in which you have
to lend as a month to apply it was going
to be sued over because everything to
push back end of the month you have to
apply and so we're going to do it all
together we're aiming for every person
to be able to raise 500 pounds that is
the target good plan we're going to get
some cool sponsors involved if we can as
well so we're going to smash our
fundraising target and raise a million
dollars well I mean that would be great
I don't think we're gonna raise a
million like because we are I mean we
could try that would be a break no
really that's not a circuit it is done
anyway she's got
mainly $1 million dollar dollar yeah
sighs our plan I'm nervous and excited
and to pee my pants
I think it's a good target to set you
for your next well my love in challenge
my lungs are starting off it like
they're at capacity from now at the
announcement a diminished Maryland
capacity by giving me the cold I
otherwise I would have been fighting fit
at this stage we're going to be taking
all of you along with us on well me
really because Mike really fair anyway
he's like return is likely missing it
very second I love this like live
audience laughs because like I like it
funny
Livi's laughing so I'm guessing you guys
I mean I lost all my tears nothing at
like not with you like laughing at you
well you see how they shimmer see me
thanks I'm Holly the pen I tried from
some sense of goal information everybody
if I'm missing any other information
it's going to be it if i wobble oh
please guys come and run with it
I'm going to be really bad and I'll need
people to be like come off like you like
hula yeah I feel like Christopher
labeled yeah we're going to be last okay
so I'm gonna need some motivation when
I'm coming over the finish line I
believe I'll be there Liz realize that
she'll run with you so I can run a fast
time yeah I will get to do some really
fun stuff around as well basically have
a big party afterwards all ooh you made
me drink loads Gillett Alex will you
make me dress up in a silly outfit so
I'm a lot slower you're going to be
dressed as a boob I must write you that
have you seen to be back you want it yes
people reverses yes but I was asking
people that are all Barisan I was a
certain sort of targeted I be doing
short out anyway
hashtag runs before cupboard joyless yes
josh peck peck
hash tag wonderful
um I would go play what I sow that's
issues
and I'll see you guys tomorrow normal
daily vlogging will commence when I feel
sorry for the interruption
yeah but you don't like my feeling that
energy you know so not at all
yeah so basically she could shut up you
can get out now basically normal
programming will review tomorrow I'm
sorry I missed basically a week but I
was really ill and but all you ever seen
would be like the writer with white you
just female man like hell
just here he wouldn't have enjoyed it
know what I mean
it had been insightful but probably not
worthwhile I don't think it would have
been a cycle as well I think the more
intense you would have got to see what
happens when you get out which is
basically go I learn a lot and I watch
them whole but well almost the whole
fasces of girls I watched I got in
trouble 13 episodes of Vampire Diaries
and the whole of West world like I
learnt something that you introduced me
to bills actually quite interesting but
not really actually watched it I was
lost not you I did not get into the
extreme sex scenes
no I didn't do that like girls actually
really interesting I like many I'm
really interesting but it's like
hilarious
I mean lash it's called the difference
dolls like very at the same time it does
have solution stuff all about it so
there's a nice thing sexism in it oh
really
yeah didn't see any of this yeah I feel
like my I saw him seem like I haven't
lost this is my funny I think I would I
think Mike would be shocked by a lot of
stuff that happens you like way like
you're like oh my goodness that's
terribly rude can I just point out one
thing like that right now I love how
you've responded to my natural
instagraming style pose of going under
chin shot of me yeah basically you might
take for those photos like this or the
Michael ticket yeah nice poking up their
boobies right guys we'll see you
tomorrow my eyes are going now finding
ya have to go run before cousin boss
come on move it fast leave her behind
