hey guys so it's multimers day 11 and i
am on a very noisy off the street at the
moment it's really early in the morning
it's like half past 9:00 and most of the
shops aren't open I've actually been
invited to go and check out the new
beauty department in Burberry on Regent
Street which is really exciting because
Burmese makeup is amazing but I've come
a little bit early because I wanted pop
into Primark and potentially get some
new slippers because Whoopie chewed my
slippers because Whoopie is the normal
tea to hug but tea results history their
love walks the street super early in the
morning I always think it's kind of like
I don't know just a bit more peaceful
because he is so busy later in the day
slipper slipper mission accomplished
guys I'll show you later cuz they're
like I just got back to my sisters and
she's been sent some lingerie to try out
some like shapewear and like no line
underwear for the bridal blog and I kid
you not there's this company that makes
the most amazing like no line underwear
but they also sent her these has this is
like a bum lift in pants and this is
padded it's like a padded bra for your
ass no joke look at that it's got a butt
crack and everything is the funniest
pair of pants I've ever seen in my life
it's like a comedy pair of pants anyway
I managed to get my slippers in Primark
but they didn't have the Christmas ones
well they these are kind of christmas
ones but they're not the red ones so I
got pink for me and then I got some blue
ones to put in my mum's talking because
they're like honestly the most comfy
slippers ever and they're three quid and
I also got this for Mike because we're
going to a Christmas party on Friday
that's Christmas jumpers so I bought him
this jumper that says bah humbug because
he's such a grumpy get so Mike's ordered
some takeaway sushi Anna's taking ages
to come and I'm so hungry right now do
you know where is Mike
how long did they say it was going to be
my explain FIFA and I'm editing my vlog
and I'm hungry
sushi time sushi time rainbow roll spicy
tuna roll and then apparently where's
the free one mic no we ordered that
where oh it's a tie it's just one I
thought it was a whole roll peasant
there's a cheeky snow crab and French
bean roll and then this is spicy tuna
too so I meant to be sharing it with my
brother but I may just eat it all here
so dark and cold out here doesn't really
work on camera what are you doing my
gray are going out for dinner with my
good friend James
oh good friend well he was my friend
originally not your friend
yeah so yeah we're going out to a very
nice restaurant for dinner
hopefully it is so frosty it's seven
o'clock guys and it's already frosty
early car I'm gonna show you at home
it's freezing fog super duper cold
what's really dark down here let's stop
by a street lamp bill like come you can
see me what's that
not the Blair Witch Project but also is
it six cents or whatever with the
coldness
actually I remember anyway so yes we're
after dinner and all it'll take you
along with us and see one of it steak
time with bone marrow
I'm present hey guys so I didn't finish
my vlog yesterday naughty naughty
me so I'm gonna smash days to make up 11
and 12 together I'm gonna have to make
up for it like on Christmas Day or
something who knows who knows I'll make
it up to you guys I'm sorry so I'm just
going to smush the dates together anyway
today is Wednesday the 12th of the 12th
2012 that only just dawned on me isn't
that like the end of the world though
that's twenty first twelve well watch
out guys on 21st we're all gonna die
I think we should have an end I think we
should have an end of the world party I
thought that was just a general party
but hey it's gonna be an end of the
world party guys anyway today I can off
on a little couples learning adventure
we're going to the Google studio is in
Tottenham Court Road to do a lesson on
lighting and cameras and stuff so we've
got our cameras and we're gonna learn
stuff I'm dying yeah you might after
dinner last night Mike went out with my
brother didn't you and had a little bit
too much to drink I went home and had a
nice present evening in my laptop
chilling out someone woke me up just
crossing a road making sure I don't get
run over so we will update you
throughout the day we need a Starbucks
break like or some kind of food or
coffee like because let's face it
neither of us have eaten or drunk
anything and we may go mental actually
mental so guys we've been learning about
cameras yes all afternoon you know what
it's all morning and you know what it's
time for welcome
more than eight oh I don't have one in
so long so let's go and eat one yay I
forgot to vlog my food boys I'm such a
fail vlogger like I forget every time to
vlog stuff good I had firecracker prawns
and oh my god they were hacked tasty so
we're headed back to learn even more
about camera since afternoon maybe we'll
find out
UFOs apparently there's been loads of
UFO sightings and going back to what we
talked about earlier about it being the
end of the world
snazzy did you tell Google lifts that
you don't have to press a button for
they just know where you're going
magically we're at Marble Arch now if
you guys can see shall I just slow pan
there's Mike and we have come to take
some pictures of these fountains here
because I'm doing a project and if you
guys follow me on instagram you might
have seen your hashtag like the life 2
photo with lots of pictures of London
I'm basically doing a project with
Sampson taking awesome pictures around
London using their camera and this week
which it's a pretty cool camera it's car
like a phone but a camera but it doesn't
make calls kind of weird anyway um we if
you want to know more about it I'll put
a link in the info bar below I don't
know what that accent was about anyway
this week we have to take pictures using
the waterfall function on the camera now
this entails like moving water and not
just like river water but actually like
water pool water
there ain't no waterfalls in London let
me tell you so we're making do with
these fountains right here and then
we're gonna go and find some more if we
can but it's getting a bit dark but it's
a nice sunset you guys see that
very nice oh my goodness me if you got a
tripod action going on this is how
organized my just to reconfirm that
before as flow started panicking you all
that it was the end of the world he's
not it's all silly she made it sound
well I think everybody knows about the
end of the world English but you
people by going the Miami comes the end
of the world not the end of the world
it's the end of the world as we know it
something amazing is gonna happen the
21st just walking through the park in
search of more water we're headed to the
diana memorial pond which i've never
actually seen like the water feature
thing but winter wonderland is there
behind mike if I can can you guys see it
how cool is that I really want to go
I've never been to winter wonderland it
looks awesome and there's also a bride
in the park over there which I don't
think you'll be able to see from here
but I'll try and like still suit looks
like someone who's just like got married
and is having their wedding pictures
we've just got home to find out that
Whoopi has reached 10,000 followers well
hello guys so it is the evening time now
and I am actually going out to meet my
friend for drinks I was meant to meet
her for dinner earlier but she was
coming back from a business trip and got
delayed by like an hour so it's like
half 9:00 now so I think we might just
go for a couple of drinks and not like a
probably dinner because I don't know how
late the restaurant serves but I'm gonna
end my vlog here because I haven't
actually seen her in like two years so
I'm not gonna like for when I'm with her
because we just want to catch up and
have a good time so yeah that is it for
vlogmas day 11 and 12 combined smush
together I hope you guys enjoyed it I
will see you tomorrow
