hey guys and welcome to a vlog Murs day
10 so today it is already dark outside
I've been editing all day but I wanted
to make a video now obviously because
it's vlogmas but it's because I wanted
to tell you all that I am going to be at
the festive gathering in London this
Saturday it's in Hyde Park I'll put a
link in the info bar below to like the
Facebook group with all the info but
yeah I'm gonna pop along there around
about lunchtime I think with my friend
Louise from sprinkleofglitter and Zoe
from zoella and I think Alfie and Joe
and Louise's sister Tiana is gonna go as
well so yeah I'm looking forward if any
of you guys are going let me know and if
you guys want to come and meet me then
you can come and meet me there I don't
think Michaels gonna be there because
he's going to watch some football but I
will be there anyway
today is the 10th of the month and we
are going back to London I know we just
came back from London but I've got a
little stuff for any still in London
this week and so is Mike so we are going
to London for like the whole week
basically and we're gonna take you guys
along with us might be waiting for me
really slowly yeah I thought I would
show you what I'm wearing today because
I really like this outfit it just makes
me kind of happy because it's bright in
this horrible winter weather I'm wearing
my new Gap scarf which I think may still
have the label on it because I don't
remember taking it off which is this
black and white kind of stripy scarf
with hearts on it which I really love
and it's super warm and cozy then I am
wearing this bright coral jumper which
is from Topshop it's more like a tunic
length so I have it on with like
leggings because it's really long this
actually got in the summer and I haven't
worn it for a while because it's really
quite bright summer color but I thought
I would brighten up my winter day and
then I have on my j.crew pixie pants
down below and i have on my fuzzy
Primark slippers the ones that woof
didn't eat and then I have a couple of
bracelets on I have my nude wrap
bracelet which is from my online shop
which I love it's like my favorite
favorite one these are all going all
sparkly on the camera it's cool and then
I have this gorgeous bow bracelet which
my mum gave me to say thank you for
taking her to New York which is from
Marc Jacobs
I wonder if you can see has like a bow
shape on the front and then a dangly bow
at the back love it and yes I have red
lipstick on but it's not actually that
red I'm actually loving this lipstick at
the moment it's Mac's ladybug what are
you doing my sister's dog and we're
taking him back to London for her eyes
she ripped the head off he's had its
head ripped
oh my goodness me what have you done
I thought you were in love with this
Woofie woof easier to read cuddling me
and what was I gonna say well this takes
Radio 5 because hey the news is kind of
interesting today there's gonna be a
dozen oh yeah you lose guys so I don't
only talk about this kind of thing on
Twitter and I'm talking quietly because
mike is in the bathroom and I don't want
him to hear but I've got a super sec
the like outfit to sleep in tonight and
I wanted to share it all with you guys
because I'm gonna surprise Mike with it
and I wanted you to share the experience
with him it's not that kind of video
guys check out my onesie is this not the
least sexy thing you've ever seen in
your life ever I think it is I fish
do you like my sexy outfit early evening
what we're gonna do with you it can tell
the difference between the pair of you
marry me right that is it for blog mas
de 10 guys we will see you tomorrow
