hey guys so welcome to vlogmas day 17 is
day seven already I am just about to
head off to the gym
as you can see zero makeup gym clothes
on with a little bit of added warmth
because it is cold outside and yeah I'm
gonna leave Mike Mike and Werth are
still in bed like as soon as I get out
of bed if Mike's still there with will
just go jump into my spot in bed like
with a head on the pillow with their
legs in the air thinking that she is
like the best thing ever and yes
lucky lucky woof so yeah I'm off to work
out now and I will see you in a bit
hello again everybody so I am currently
in the car which may be obvious to some
of you with Mike again fancy that with
his cool new purple lenses on your
sunglasses who bought you those Mike so
amazing fiance let me know how much for
these four cups each let me know what
you guys think of these because Mike
wanted them for ages that same glasses
they're just different lenses I wanted
we wanted the new glasses by Michael
foam because I'm not a nice girl anyway
do you like these purple lenses or not
because Mike loves them but I'm like on
the fence my mom thought I was weird
when I bought them literally hate that
she was like they're the worst things
I've ever seen
so yeah let us know what you think of
those I'm looking for your girl sit back
now see to see because it's SuperDuper
sunny it's actually a really really
really nice day this morning it was so
drab and if you can see the blue sky are
quite dirty windscreens it was such a
drab like miserable day when I got up
this morning and is now really nice so
we are currently on our way for lunch
we're going into town to grab a quick
lunch and Mike is taking his iPhone and
iPad Apple this is not problems as both
of you what's happened to your iPhone 3G
3G
it like says it's working but it's
really slow and then I can't activate so
that we fun and I used to pick up a few
things I need some new shampoo actually
we are having sushi so I'll block the
sushi but this is going to be tasty it's
really closing away I don't have any yet
you've eaten something I've eaten some
spicy beef but I don't have anything
keeping an eye out
what are you eating we got some Maki and
then I got some Bao's Mike goes for the
plain sushi but it's a step in the right
direction so we are back in the car
after our sushi mission and mike has
accomplished well so is his phone and
iPad mission what I've had is done my
phone we think that sim as you saw same
issue but you want a new seven sort of
out and I got some shampoo I ended up
going for redken because I heard really
good things about this which is the hair
cleansing cream from redkin which is
like a clarifying shampoo and I ran out
of my unite weekend a shampoo ages ago
and I've really kind of missed it as
part of my hair care routine so I bought
one of these which I heard was good from
tatty from glam like you guru who I talk
about all the time and then because I
just thought I'll go with red kin as
well and I've heard good things about
red Kim I went for this which is
actually like a Christmas set but it
just has the shampoo and conditioner
that all soft ones and it was like five
pounds cheaper than buying separately
even more things in the blasted shower
even more things in the shower Mike but
two of the things in the shower run out
so big they're going so they'll just be
replaced so we are off home now whoa is
bumpy tonight we're actually going to a
party but it's no normal party oh no
we're going to a Christmas party in a
jumbo jet how cool is that it's not
actually gonna be flying because that
would be a kind of strange it's like
disused it's like a really old disused
jumbo jet with no seats in it they we
are going to a Christmas party so that
will be fun and hopefully I should be
able to vlog that after I've sorted my
crazy mop out with my new shampoo and
yes we will see you later so we are off
to a partay like I said earlier
a jumbo jet which is very very exciting
I'm just wearing this jumper which is
from j.crew and then black jeans and
then I'm just gonna wear my black boots
and that is it I thought it was kind of
festive with the bows anyway what are
you up to
Oh miss glamour up see I see I have an
issue that I have two more Stockman
fillers still left to get so I thought
I'd look at times you know let's see
what Tania recommends cuz I can't look
at first because obviously she had them
or use them or something silly this is a
very sorry
you got your so I thought I'd look at
this and she's not house Ingrid dumb one
she's done a holiday haul that stuff
that she's bought November favorites so
you could watch a favorites video and go
for something in that if you want to do
beauties mmm cuz your search girls gift
bag loads of come on anyway right guys
let's go party I don't know if you can
see it but we are approaching the plane
that the party is on and it's all lit up
in pink of blue it's also it's got some
kind of twinkly Center it has yeah it's
got Christmas lights will block where we
have a closer here it is guys the Jumbo
muck jet Hey
so we have are you this is amazing to be
honest year Christmas decorations Oh
like being in a film like an alien film
with no are we pulling back take Mike to
force is flying the fame Oh Mike you
reckon yeah I reckon your copilot look
how many fuses are I can't this is Mary
it's like being in some oh my goodness
me guys this is like being in some crazy
movie that I don't even know how to
describe like an alien movie it's like
being an alien just think if we ever get
a zombie apocalypse is 2012 right I
don't think
just confer where's Matt awesome I'm
leaving I've got nerve off with
navigations on power yeah go forwards
and we're not moving what I want to know
is what this does is that that's a big
knob yeah surely these are the Rockets
eject leave passengers behind screw you
are we going hello guys so we're back in
the car now back in the car there is
Michael in his leather jacket do you
guys like his leather jacket I rather
like it um we had a good time in the
jumbo jet good fun it was pretty much
the most like cool party venue pretty
cool the most coolest positive n you
ever been to it's really cold in this
cart which is why because but they had
Christmas lights and tinsel and those
feelings are really festive but really
that is it for a vlogmas not over
october i got a lot of stick because
yesterday i said it was vlog Tober day
sex it gets confusing you know guys
blogging every month is vlog most
vloggers blog Tober really like
it rolls off all of them roll off the
tongue so it does get a little bit
confusing but is vlogmas day seven and
that is the end of it and thank you very
much for joining us we will see you
tomorrow get ready for the ginger
