well hello guys it's vlogmas that's a
really noisy helicopter going overhead
do you not know I'm vlogging here Jesus
it's vlog missed a 5 and it's haha it
snowed here's Mike there's a muck heap
behind Tim how nice and that she's not
very much I woke up this morning and
checked Twitter it's like the first
thing I hit on my phone
I'm saw people saying it had snow so I
actually found out that it had snowed on
Twitter instead of by looking out the
window I then looked out the window I
was like and he was like but it has
snowed look how much your beautiful day
is today guys
amazing I freakin love this snow it's
actually I'm pretty sure it's melting
like right now and it'll be gone within
about three hours probably it's already
coming off the roofs so it will be gone
do you reckon we'll get a white
Christmas this year there's a high
chance I think I am SuperDuper excited
someone else
just blogging this now damn my stealth
attack was ported by me being a really
bad thrower and one-handed snow maker
cuz I've got tiny hands
my trick was to sneak up behind you and
get it down the back of your neck you've
got a beating stick
he's a fiance betta guys with his
beating stick I hate you in the side of
cabinet very high right we're gonna walk
in the dog yeah and I will see you later
got really cold ham now you go anything
else dad
we're going to see a certain someone
this evening what we're going to see the
vicar this evening I think we've logged
last onc The Vicar didn't we I can't
remember we go see the vicar this
evening to sign some forms and have a
nice tea with the vicar do you think you
would like more tea yeah my balls and
they both yours you're gonna roll over
Beethoven you dog
look at you so it's quite a lot later
now well it's not actually that much
later it's like half past 4:00 but it's
dark outside it gets dark so early these
days I'm here with Mike and growl
they're highly the growly the world's
biggest attention-seeking cat is very
cute oh yeah she has a weird to face um
we're also joined by that face
brat face over there what's your problem
oh because she's because Mike it's got
the cat on his lap woof gets really
annoyed look at that we are just about
to head off to meet the vicar to talk
about Vickery things because we house
where we have to swear in front of em
because we had to get a special some
kind of five pounds we have to get a
retired vicar to marry us that's why we
sing the vicar for our wedding because
the vicar that at the church we're
getting married out is on holiday when
we're getting married so we had to find
our own vicar so we have a really nice
old chap who is 85 and he's been retired
for 20 years he's quite a funny old guy
so we're going to see him and getting
the relevant paperwork we're kind of
signed off whoops going crazy under here
what is your problem she wants to go out
and snow I think so yeah we're headed
over to see the vicar and then I think
we're going back to my parents house for
like the fourth day in a row because we
have loads of fajita stuff in the fridge
that's gonna go off tomorrow so we'll
yeah that's well whoopee and but there's
42 stuff everywhere what I got all the
feed stuff ready and and when to get the
wraps where the wraps gone in my tummy
naughty I hate them like ages ago like a
month ago or something there are the
long life without telling me about it so
I've got all the fajita stuff
no fajitas so we need to get here to see
you've got to get a wriggle on cuz we
gotta get going
gotta get the stuff you got staying here
that'll make you mad okay guys so we've
just got back from seeing the vicar
and it was quite amusing because he
proceeded to call me Fiona throughout
the whole meeting
so My Chem I just have visions of our
wedding being like I Fionna
take the Martin so he is such a sweet
guy he's 85 so yeah he's been retired
for 20 years and such a nice guy but it
was just so funny and I kind of
corrected him the first and then after
that I hope so we've just done that
we've got everything signed we're
getting or officially got the license
and all that jazz to get married so
that's good and now chef chef de force
is here for heaters are you not in mum's
having the night off cooking and we're
gonna eat some fajitas and it appears
that ma'am
since yesterday one or the day before
you know yesterday when we've logged at
the market mum's made some chilli sauce
out of the green chilies and these
hotter than the red ones mum is it's
like this is a grenade basically Chili
Bowl would be is banking on the fact
that she's gonna get some tonight cuz
you fooled us into thinking you hadn't
already had your dinner she's what I'm
not the camera hello again we have
finished eating our fajitas tasty look
nothing left this horse as you noticed
something about that and someone's been
sitting on my lap so else so like a big
family cuddle going on right now very
something and that's it today we will
see you tomorrow good bye bye get ready
for the jingle
