hello guys and welcome to vlogmas day 4
I'm at my mom's again again and mum is
making coffee here she is making the
coffee you're always cooking every time
I show you on vlogs mom and she came out
with this stuff she was like would you
like some of this Irish cream syrup yeah
mine was a coffee syrup in her house
yeah I know it's not alcoholic but
that's awesome where did you get this
coffee syrup from virgin it's like being
at Starbucks I want some Jesus I don't
think you need that much no mom she's
making raspberry jam as well Guys looks
pretty good and I'm just about to cook
some scrambled eggs for my breakfast
slash lunch so brunch
I guess that's exactly the sound the
definition of brunch and I don't even
know why I'm still talking ah we are
going on a secret stealth shopping
mission later and no she's not actually
that secret stealth I just wanted to get
a few things from Mike but what I do
want to get is an advent calendar
because Mike still doesn't have his
chocolate open card that I'm gonna try
this chocolate chocolate I've got
chocolate on the train I'm gonna try
this coffee oh my god it actually tastes
like Starbucks
it tastes like Starbucks guys mom's like
it's instant I have to go and buy some
syrup for my coffees for Christmas I
want like a cinnamon I could gingerbread
latte syrup one of those anyone knows
let us know in the comment section below
and that we'll see you in a bit so mom's
also just finished making her very own
hot sauce like when do you ever stop
she's constantly making something look
at this this stuff is the shiz bomb it
is amazing it's like just spicy enough
really really good and then she's made
got some jam going on as well
this is crafty at Christmastime aren't
you yep hi guys so I'm in the car with
my mom who's filming so I do apologize
if the filming is really bad because
it's not your forte
I think so we're just all our way to
ourselves Christmas shopping mission and
we have Christmas tunes pumping and I
just spoke to my friend listing you guys
might seem like a lot of other videos
she's been in notes and videos of me and
she has agreed I've made up this new
challenge it probably already exists on
YouTube this is one of those annoying
things everything already exists on
YouTube but we're gonna do the chili
challenge and we're gonna eat as many
different varieties of chili as we can
when she is back I think she she's a
teacher so high school breaks up one
like I know sometime in December so you
can expect that soon and now we are
going on a Christmas chocolate avocado
mission for the third time this month so
far hello girl and it's so act the
market what you need to - will she get
some what look the Chinese sweet they
want super hot super hot chili but this
he's not home to properly so this way
what do you need material yeah on a
material super hot ones
Oscar's not a leader guys we found the
perfect Christmas present for the
harnesses they look a bit bondage to
Dublin we're now looking at fabric guys
what do you want mom
pink to go well she's done this with the
pink I like that color that's not my
favorite pink zoom in a bit we'll turn
it this way look so we stopped for a
quick Starbucks break skinny peppermint
moccasin for sure and we've just
finished the gadget shop and maybe
picked up a couple of things for Mike
but this is what I want for Christmas a
dancing monkey you plug it into your
iphone that does not smell what it meant
to be blue of this it sounds like every
single Yankee Candle smell evidence so
we found the massive outlet clearance
Yankee calculus and they have all the
prep ascents for like 50% off which is
amazing I got like five candles mostly
as presents but look at them literally
oh my god I'm in candle heaven I'm
getting told off these that's like
sunshine ones they have the Christmas
thing to look Oh too many candles mom
too many candles so we had a thoroughly
a successful Christmas shopping trip
guys got some secret treats which is
like Mike's favorite shop soda geeky and
I managed to get so I'm trying to get
back in the car I managed to get all of
my Christmas wrapping paper in a really
tight space
then I just get all of my Christmas
wrapping paper from Paper Chase so I'm
sorted Christmas I've done all of my
Christmas shopping except for Mike's big
present which is gonna be like a mission
probably later this week I'm not gonna
say too much more cuz you might watch
this so guys I've just got home
this monster's here he actually arrived
at the same time I did go have you been
today well he hath on but I was told by
someone as you may seen in another book
wait till December because all they're
having comes will be half pricing you
get a bargain and then you can have your
chocolate everyday well for massive
supermarkets and they go they're all
gone so it's just anyone has a spare one
let us know we're off to the cinema on a
romantical date not very romantic but we
may go to a Bella Italia you would have
failed at our accent thingamabob that we
did with Joey
si si prego yes yes you welcome you're
welcome precisely right okay well we all
have to see what we can't see Mike
silver lined play book silver lined
plate never heard of it Oh
what are you going
magical pepperoni can't a piece I'm not
sure not sure yet the world's biggest
calzone a ever but it looks tasty and
I'm going to eat some now I am really
hungry I only have scrambled eggs today
but I think I think you may be having
some of my leftovers
well bon jour again everybody we are
back home now we just got back from the
cinema we saw a really good film did you
like it it were good it were recut we
saw what was it called silver linings
playbook right
it's kind of weird name I get the silver
mines but I didn't get the playbook by
making appliances okay it was cool
though really it was almost like it was
a little bit slow in the beginning very
much like a while to get into it but it
was like very heartwarming it was good
it was very good so I have my advent
calendars today what is the fourth right
yeah so here is my little Melvin
shopping Hunter actually haven't taken
any of the no varnishes out with it yet
because I want to use them the coolest
one was yesterday's so far which is this
awesome one called halo how cool that is
and then number four I want to paint my
nails with one of these four I whoa this
is prom queen the caviar pearls in prom
queen it's actually up glycerine it too
amazing
and then my other one I haven't taken
these out either not to use them yet
where's number four can anyone see
number four number four there it is
Oh wicked lost town hand cream amazing
that's how she really good really good
stuff back my handbag
they're very good anyway and Mike she
wanted to open the non chocolate one no
protesting each part of the world so
done before pointy maybe is pointing to
Canada just Canada I was gonna start
trying to see because maybe is pointing
to Alaska jog Rafi less some guys we may
see pointing to the Stars cut would like
it if it had a chocolate behind it
do you want a chocolate no that's it for
vlog will say foresee tomorrow bye
