hey guys and welcome to vlogmas day 3 I
have this weird black stuff on my hands
and I do not know where it has come from
just on one hand I think it was a
package that I just picked up from the
dorm at eeek anyway today with my dirty
hand I'm gonna go and wash right after I
finish filming this video I am gonna be
doing a holiday tag I was tagged by my
friend Kat rific and I thought it was a
fun tag to do feel especially for
vlogmas as today all I've been doing is
nothing but editing videos so you can't
really vlog editing a vlog it's really
not that exciting but Christmas tag is
exciting so without further ado here
comes question 1
my favorite holiday nail polish changes
all the time because I'm so disloyal
with no polish I changed like every
single day the one I'm loving this year
is Deborah Lippmann's do you think I'm
sexy this is more of a like a sequin red
rather than a glittery red you can get
some really good glittery Reds for quite
affordable prices berry and do a really
good one Deborah Lippmann is a lot more
expensive but I've never seen any other
brands do anything quite as kind of
spangly as this in terms of it kind of
looks like if you layer it up it kind of
looks like a foil really cool anyway and
I have worn it today with a pink glitter
underneath I love that kind of like pink
and red clashing but yeah that is my
favorite holiday nail polish
so for my favorite horror movie I think
I've got to one from when I was a kid
which is it's a National Lampoon's
Christmas vacation I used to watch it
every single year it was on TV every
year
and I loved it but I haven't seen it in
years I'm gonna watch it this year
that's like my Christmas resolution
instead of a New Year's resolution is to
watch National Lampoon's Christmas
vacation and then the one from kind of
read more recently is elf which I just
think is hilarious
I don't actually spend enough time like
watching Christmas movies that's
something I'm going to do this year is
just watch loads of Christmas movies
my favorite winter accessory is not a
very stylish one but it's a festive one
it is this Christmas hat I'm gonna work
like a smurf so you guys can see this is
actually Mike's hat he got given it by
one of our friends for Christmas last
year and you can see in the mirror it's
got a big bubble but I really like it I
really like cretan with blonde hair I
don't know why I just think it looks
nice cream hats with blonde hair and
then it's got the little reindeers on it
and in a big bubble apps heat love it
I've stolen it off Mike he's not allowed
to wear it I'm gonna wear it for the
rest of this video hooray
so my favorite tree government is a
brand-new one it has yet to be hung on
any tree
it's a virgin tree ornament guys and
it's from Henry Bendel I picked it up in
New York last week it's a mini snow
globe with a Christmas tree inside it's
got the signature Henry Bendel
brown and white stripes I just think
it's the most gorgeous thing I've ever
seen it's so cute look at it it's just
so cute yay
if I can have one Christmas wish come
true this year would be that all of my
subscribers and viewers you guys
watching now have an amazing Christmas
and that you're all with your families
and happy and healthy because that is
the important side of Christmas the
presents are nice but they are the most
important thing
okay so seeing as I'm engaged I don't
think Michael really liked this one but
if I can kiss any celeb under the
Christmas tree well under the mistletoe
Christmas hunched on the floor under the
Christmas tree it would probably be I
don't know I don't know where this like
probably like Liam Payne from one
direction
Shh don't tell anyone
I haven't really planned my new year's
resolution yet because we're about a
month away so I figured I don't really
need to do it quite yet but I think
it'll be something fitness and health
related because this year I've really
kind of started a more healthy lifestyle
I've been working out a lot but because
I've been going away quite a lot I've
kind of found it hard to like upkeep my
little routine so I really want to get
into a strict exercise routine and stick
to it so I don't know for sure what the
resolution will be but it will be
something around around that
so through the holidays I'm not exactly
sure what the holidays is because
personally like I love Christmas it's
like my favorite time of year I'm
constantly excited happy wrapping
twinkly lights are just they're my
favorite things so I don't really have a
holidays but I am loving Starbucks's
peppermint mocha skinny peppermint mocha
is amazing it has like 100 calories in
it so you know some Starbucks drinks
have like 600 calories in and you're
kind of like this is the same as eating
a meal I'm kind of worried about having
this that you don't want to have like
more than one a week I would have had
them a mocker every day and you don't
feel bad because it's 100 calories yay
we pretty much have the same routine
every single year in my family we all
stay over at my parents house which is
where I am now I'm really close to my
parents I come here like the whole time
so it's not really like any kind of
great like we're going to the family's
for Christmas because I'm all here all
the time but we spend here we wake up on
Christmas morning and we all get into
mom and dad's bed and open our stockings
because we are all still five I'm the
youngest and I'm 24 and yeah that's kind
of like the Christmas ritual I think
it's gonna be nice this year because at
some times my brother goes to his wife's
house for Christmas morning but I think
he's gonna be here this year so we all
of us home which will be super exciting
and then we have a big Christmas dinner
usually at my mom's house we've only
been away to like other relative's house
a couple of times we usually have it
here my mum hosts normally there's like
25 people and we make a big table out of
all the other tables in the house and
like it's really fun but this year we're
having a much smaller one because Mike's
family aren't coming here on Christmas
Day which they normally do they're going
to my sister's house so it's a little
bit different this year I think there's
only like ten of us and normally there's
like 25 so I'm looking forward to it cuz
it will be a little bit of a change but
that's how kind of like Christmas
tradition
okay without a doubt it's gotta be
Mariah Carey everyone's gonna love it I
carry all I want for Christmas is you
it's like that song is the one song that
comes on and I know it's Christmas I'm
like yes all I want for Christmas is you
so here we go guys
and here's a bit of an older one as well
with my mum
my favorite Christmas candle this year
is a new one and it comes in this cool
candle holder it doesn't come in it my
friend Ingrid gave it to me which is
cool it's got a snowman on it but the
actual candle is frosted cranberry I
bought two of these when I was in LA and
I'm in love with them I'm about like
I've only just really started this one
which is the one that I have here my
parents that you may see burning in the
background at some of my videos but the
one at home is like half empty already
it smells so so so good it's like really
sour oh guys smell so good that's my
favorite bath and Bodyworks surprise
surprise but really like I know a lot of
beauty girls like pretty much all of
them - a wet bath and Bodyworks the
whole time but they really do the best
candles ever
I don't really have a favorite holiday
candy I'm trying to think or sweet if
you're in England I don't really I'm
trying to think if they have like a
specific holiday candy sweet type thing
in England because II's do we have like
cream eggs and stuff like that but
Christmas I don't really think oh oh I
know I know I know I know Lin chocolate
bunnies is also the Lindt chocolate
bells you know at Easter they have the
Lindt chocolate a little gold wrap
bunnies I like the little bells or
whatever that christmas ones are anyway
the Lindt chocolate ones and you can get
them that hang on the tree as well so
good
okay so for my ELF name I said my
favorite nail polish was do you think
I'm sexy and my first pet was called Sam
so I guess my opening would be do you
think I'm sexy Sam doesn't really sound
like your name does it if I was going
for all-time favorite nail polishes it'd
probably be butter London's knackered
which would be knackered Sam I think
that's quite a funny elf name it reminds
me of like a little old one like at the
back of the production line like so
tired
naca Sam yeah so that is it for my
holiday tag video I hope you guys
enjoyed it thanks to Kat for tagging me
I know she tagged a lot of my other
friends already so I'm not gonna tag too
many people but I would like to tag
tarty from glam life guru and Gemma from
gems maquillage I'm pretty sure she
tagged like all my other friends Tanya
from pixie - if she didn't tag her as
well but I'm pretty sure like everyone
has kind of been tagged in this whole
video already but everybody do it
because it's fun and let me know in the
comment section below what your elf name
is I know Kat did this and the responses
just made me laugh so if you tell me in
the comments below what your elf name
would be that would be funny and coming
up right now there is a little surprise
for you guys I have a new end board to
my videos it's kind of festive so I hope
you like it let me know what you guys
think bye
you
