well hello everyone and welcome to
vlogmas day two I'm in the car with Mike
yes I have one glove on I would have the
other glove on why I'm holding the phone
it is freezing freezing freezing today I
think it's even colder than it was
yesterday
it is currently is it for about 4
o'clock 425 it's already getting dark at
the start of the vlog depressing winter
is officially here but we had a great
time in the wedding yesterday super fun
we got in at like 4:00 in the morning so
we are feeling really really tired today
we slept in pretty late and then went
for a meal with our friends family who
are staying with so yeah which was nice
so we've just left that we're driving
home we're going to pick up Whoopi and
we're thinking we may actually get like
a double roast because I'm gonna bring
my mom now and find out if she's cooking
rice it would be quite a good challenge
it's absolutely in this car
another thing that we might be doing on
the way home if we can find somewhere
that will sell one is by Mike an advent
calendar because he's very jealous I
didn't get him an oven I've actually you
know what I've got three advent
calendars you I've got one I know but
I've got one this is like a card one
that I bought a charity thing I didn't
need any Christmas cards it's like a
charity Christmas card still and because
I had loads that from last year so I
need to buy something so I got this
Advent kinda so you can have that one
chocolate in it
Mike we can have one of my makeup ones
not very good so yeah we're on our way
back to pick out more feet look how
creepy this road looks
which you guys can see it's slightly
creepy creepy evening and yeah I'm gonna
have a nap on the way home is that all
right with you okay here we go guys the
one place that is open past four o'clock
on Sunday night Spa a petrol station but
where I shouldn't be filming which don't
tell him um but they have a spa so we're
thinking they'll have advent calendars
potentially discounted because it's now
the 2nd of December hopefully you know
you said you shouldn't be feeling the
petrol stations you know the reason why
you shouldn't have on your mobile phone
it's nothing to do with the mobile
phones advice of working it's in case
you drop it and that creates the spark
that if you could have any any other
kind of what kind of effing hands we
have that reason you want Cadbury's
Kabri zapping founder I don't mind but
if they had like um Milky Way or
something
no kept reason really yeah calories
rules right let's go on a mission here
we go guys moment of truth the biscuit
oil no sign
KEK nervous w8 the chocolate there
anybody rappy Oh potential potential
well it's all else fails might you can
get one of these light-up snowman what
have you got to say about my another no
guys we've just found this machine that
does cost a coffee pot House gingerbread
I'll say normally they have like always
like standard boring ones vanilla and
gingerbread latte can we get one too
many Coffee actually might keep me awake
in the car slash puppy perfect for this
time of year well it's decidedly common
here my eye is a literally like I fell
asleep mom we got in the car and I
literally fell asleep within two minutes
I was like sit down same old same old
what have you been doing mum cranberries
are you getting the bestest from
resource what do I know what is it are
you gonna put cranberry sauce in it and
give it as presents
what a nice idea so mom's making
cranberry sauce cranberry jelly I've
never had a real cranberry before so I'm
gonna eat one I don't think you can eat
them raw but I'm gonna try it because
I've never done it
oh it actually just tastes like primer
juice it's not not as nice as
cranberries yeah I can see why no one
sees them you're right there you happy
girl did you think we left you on
holiday again whoopee
I just thought guys whilst mum was doing
this we may as well give you a lesson in
how to make applesauce cranberries in
the blender blend them and then you get
something looks like this and then what
do you do well cook them do you add
loads of sugar in loads of sugar out
then what else port and then like stones
everybody win they have like an athlete
extra so we left Werth with mum last
night and she sent us a picture which
I'll insert here and apparently she
quite likes this little jacket would you
like it is it meiosis can we put it on
her just to show you guys because she
looks so cute silly girl silly cat so
here we go she's definitely not one of
those dogs that you can dress up orange
peel do you put the actual orange in it
yeah zest an orange wizard up so we've
added these in orange zest and then what
do you do with the actual orange juice
squeeze it put the juice in a juicer the
juice of easier or just plain orange
juice would be easier then you put it on
the heat and then what do you do mom
cook it how much sugar do we need sugar
to take and then put some cinnamon in it
you might put cinnamon sticks
personality compromise so you put the
sugar in here we go moment of truth Mike
doesn't like cranberry sauce nice bit
shop it looks good last but not least
mum is adding homemade slogan amidst a
change to touch ready yeah
so you're gonna press it up and give it
to people as pretty Christmas presents
it's a cool idea for like DIY Christmas
and you can use old jam jars and get
cute labels and loving it right we're
going home now
awesome off we go so guys we're at
service station number two of the
evening in between my parents
in our house and Woofie is driving
clearly because she's such a good driver
and Mike's gone in to check if they have
a chocolate advent calendar it is that
much of an emergency
I'm betting no but he thinks he may be
in with a chance
I've spent editing yesterday's vlog as
well on my laptop in the car and now I
feel a bit queasy queasy so Mike any
luck
no chocolate advent calendar for you but
on a plus note we'll probably get one
tomorrow for like fifty Pete home sweet
home guys just got home I'm gonna open
last two days of my advent calendars
woohoo and then I'm gonna have a nice
bath and sit in front of the fire as I
do every Sunday night Mike works on
Sunday nights I'm gonna upload my vlog
and just have a nice chilled evening so
thank you for joining us bye
you
