guys can you see that it's 30 it's 38
minutes past midnight on November the
30th 2012 which means it's officially
flies yeah well hello everyone and
welcome to vlogmas day 1 here's Mike we
are going to a wedding look how smart
actually I don't look that smokes have
my coat on but we are very smart we have
also very late so we are just leaving
because I filmed a get ready with me
video for like what my makeup and outfit
and stuff so it made us a little bit
late anyway I'm gonna put my shoes on
which I currently only anger warming up
because I bought these especially though
in the sale and I wanted some black
paint and choose to go with the outfit
and we left them in the car overnight
and it's been hi Whoopi hi
it's been absolutely freezing for the
last couple of days and I literally went
and just got my shoes out the car and
they were frozen like actually frozen so
I'm there trying to kind of warm up so
they're not so horrible we're like we
need to go we will see you a little bit
later we are going to wedding so I'm not
sure if all like if we'll be able to
vlog or what will be up to vlog but we
will try and do some vlogging vlogging
this throughout the day I haven't even
had time to over my advent calendars
I've got to look there's one there which
is the nail varnish one I've got that
one as well the e-magazine one oh I'm
getting tore off okay so I will see you
guys later
hey guys so we are currently on the moon
as you may be able to tell in the car
I'm here with Whoopi and we are on route
to the wedding but we're dropping this
little monster off with my parents
the day because she obviously can't come
to the wedding because she's very badly
made and she would bar everybody and I'm
pretty sure there's no dogs allowed at
weddings yeah sad but true Hayworth so
we are dropping the woof monster off
with my parents today she knows as soon
as we pull into my parents house she
knows where she is and she's like oh my
god oh yes
and gets really excited so that is what
we are doing now and then we head it's
the wedding we should be pretty much on
time if we don't get stuck in traffic if
we are soaked in traffic I'm slightly
concerned that we are gonna miss it but
we should be good if we don't get stuck
we'll be in perfect timing
if I were what so we made it the church
guy is in loads of time look how smart
my clicks and that's where we're off to
in church off to the ceiling pick up our
noses we made it early in fact very
early we're waiting now
I think it's okay they film weddings for
church so we're out the wedding what are
you doing
you're looking very down for this
evening my toffee with the scrap bag a
scrap bag but guys I'm gonna come over
here and blog with you I am because it's
a little bit noisy and we haven't
vlogged since the church because it was
like the wedding you can't really be
like oh hey guys excuse me sorry we're
just gonna vlog your wedding and we
update on other than the fact that there
are Christmas trees Christmas trees in
the marquee guy anyone know Christmas
Christmas vlogmas but it's Christmas
trees in the celebration of the
beginning of vlogmas I know a lot of
people are doing vlogmas this year as
well Tanja and Gemma doing Ingrid's
doing it all worked in ages Oh yesterday
I think we has gone into shock you know
when you get your hair cut it goes goes
like
I have some very mighty Mike gold he
benefit anyone that was like wow your
teeth are disgusting look at his teeth
are amazing he's had his teeth done the
last time we were vlogging I think
you've done your first session and you'd
have and you've got infected you know
when when Mike was in real tooth pain I
did you dentists that's why I just by
descent get the front one fixed either
way he's looking very dapper handsome
and
yep sorry guys we got interrupted pies
there playing Christmas music our
wedding could you imagine anything
better
I'm having to come freakishly close to
the microphone so that you hear me and
not the bad singing I wish it could be
Christmas every day but I wish it could
be Christmas every single day lovely but
we all know yeah we're probably gonna go
now super super loud
