hey guys so I am in five guys right now
with cat we just film some videos
together which will be up soon which is
awesome and we have found the coolest
drinks machines in the world and they
have a million different flavors what do
you know what might be a good fit
regular quote I'm just going for water
I got fruit punch lemonade which
actually tastes like it is really bad
for you but it's really good and did you
get the cherry I got the cherry is it
good I love it it's really good yes and
yeah we ordered some burgers so I will
let you know what they're like we've
never been to five guys before and we've
heard like really mixed from use of it
like one of our friends recommended us
to come here and the other one said oh
it's not that great but then Cal said
it's amazing so well is it good very
good so let me try it
so here it is guys this is my burger say
hello but I got hot sauce and how he
knows our lettuce and then I like how
they're like really swish
you know like compacted some of these
are the fried spicy fries what do you
think Mike
Berger better than in there now I'm an
in-n-out burger man still but put my
judgment in the end do you prefer this
in an hour here we go
so five guys was awesome as you really
really liked it once I ate my burger
like I was unsure with the chips but it
was good but then you tweeted about and
you got edited my tweet because it
looked like you've got it wrong but I
just had some spelling mistakes and you
just oh that doesn't look quite right
okay I I heard I had tweeted saying I
had a great time with a cat rific we had
five guys mmm
and then I realized what it tweeted
which was kind of crazy buddies yeah I
see that was good cats gone home now I
was actually really cool to spend some
time with her because I really ever met
her once and like I didn't really know
her that well so it was cool getting to
know her and she's really super nice too
and Mike likes her a lot too didn't you
and we did some kind of like personality
analysis thing with her which he does a
lot on her channel I don't know if you
guys would follow cat or not but if you
do you may have seen some of her like
personality analysis stuff and that was
really cool so yeah look out for that
sometime on her youtube channel anyway
we are on Robertson now which is why I
just had a total of like mine flying
because I just walked past the MAC store
look how cool it looks with all their
Christmas collection
yeah we're just walking down Robertson
Boulevard now it's just actually one of
my favorite places to shop in LA because
it's kind of like quiet but it has
really nice shops and they almost feel
like really separate and almost like
really homely and nice and it's just
kind of a nice place to stroll
don't look so yeah we're just gonna do a
little bit of shopping and then we'll
probably update you a bit later from
dinner or something we're not entirely
sure what we're doing yet but we will
keep you updated look at all the pretty
lights on Robertson all the trees have
lights in them and it just feels really
festive and nice and I'm feeling like
even though it's warm and we'll walk
around and like just jackets and a
hoodie like it's called for LA but it's
warm for us I feel like so Christmassy
and like I don't know it's just kind of
like dusky and it feels like Christmas I
don't want it to be Christmas and how
many times gonna say Christmas in one
Christmasy sentence hey guys so as you
may be able to tell it's kind of dark
now but we just want to way back to the
hotel and I wanted to show you if
they're there I don't know if they're
going to be there but because one
direction have been staying in our hotel
there's been like this crazy crowd of
girls outside like every night waiting
for them to come back so I wanted to a
bit of like stealthy vlogging and show
you guys like it's crazy having one
Direction's staying in your hotel
because they're like there the whole
time there's like this crowd of teenage
girls outside the whole time
so yeah hey guys so it is much later now
and as you may be able to tell I'm a
crazy hair I'm actually lying on my back
right now on the pets because I'm so
tired
we've just been for an amazing amazing
dinner at a restaurant called coy in LA
which is actually quite a famous sushi
restaurant and it was really good and it
actually wasn't as expensive as I
thought it was gonna be because the
portions are like huge for a sushi
restaurant so it was really good and we
had a really good time I didn't vlog in
there because it was really dark and
kind of an inappropriate place to vlog
but I did take some pictures so I'll
post those picture
is on instagrams if you follow me on
Twitter or Instagram you'll be able to
see them anything to add evening the One
Direction fan this went crazy tonight as
well like I think you I think like the
fans of twig they're staying here
because there's like we were waiting for
our car to come round at the front of
the hotel for like five minutes and we
saw like three groups of five teenage
girls walk up to the door and you can
see that like the doorman actively like
closes the door so cuz you can tell like
that they are here to see one direction
they're not like staying in the hotel
because they act like a little bit
nervous and kind of giddy so like oh
walking up to the door and the dorm it's
like hi ladies do you have a reservation
they're like yeah we have a reservation
at the cafe like and it's obvious that
that they're like then they've made a
special reservation so it's kind of cute
I think it's really cute that is the
final note of our vlog today la is
awesome and now I can go to sleep I'll
see you very soon goodbye
actually comes in so I got tweeted today
by someone saying I'm watching dude
where's my car and I love the fact that
you always do hand in you know it's a
joke and so I've always done this with
her pretty much resuming that she's seen
do was my car as the fact that it's an
epic film and it's hilarious sunny says
today oh yeah look at this is like it's
from that I'm like what we do every day
and you've from the time I did it you
like you can't you like had it you'd
like would like and then you did it
straight away it wasn't like it was like
a Oh an auger thing he's done a silly
joke and then I'll just go and den
afterwards for shits and giggles
just like well on that note goodbye
goodbye
