hey guys oh my dog hey guys so welcome
back to LA today Mike and I who's here
good morning are on the way to see Nikki
and her husband Dan we're driving over
to their house we're gonna do some
filming today I'll take myself cuz a bit
rude it is actually really sunny today
but it's not hot I think this is
probably the nicest day we've had out
here because it's not too hot it's like
a nice cool temperature but it's like
sunny and blue skies so it's a very nice
day i'm off to see nikki and i'm really
excited to meet her puppies because
she's got two puppies called Bowser and
Zoe and which she's actually got since
the last time we were out here and she's
got both of them so excited to meet them
we're currently driving along Sunset
Boulevard and you can see it looks like
a really nice day so we will take you
along with it hey guys so do you
recognize this background oh I look I'm
just perch on my god yeah they're magic
Ricky's House the boys it like watching
motorbike crashes they've been like
looking at guns and motorbikes and
crashing and monster over the club oh
how can you watch this it's like people
basically dying or breaking numerous
limbs yeah you broke his back and you're
like those Todd that's really bad it was
bad you guys mean yeah and I love how
the dog Italy so I want to introduce you
to the dogs because they are the cutest
dogs in the whole world if you don't
watch Nikki's channel like this is
powder do you want to do an intro for
heaven done what is he like doing Myrnin
browser and I like chewing the carpet
and he's an English to English bro yeah
and I'm very gaffey guys I know how does
it really small nose oh he's so cute and
this is Zoe who is actually the smallest
dog in the whole world he thought she
was getting what full-size yeah i mean i
always wanted to teacup yorkie but
apparently it's like a gimmick you can't
guarantee you that he work he's gonna be
a teacher they just end up being like
whatever what I think I'd say hi yeah I
micro pigs you know the whole thing yep
micro pigs micro pigs actually grow to
be a normal Pig yeah yeah if anyone
tries to sell your micro pig guys they
are repeated that's so funny you see
that that his dan wanted a little micro
pig and he did a bunch of research into
it he was like oh oh yeah they grow dick
fat smelly pic yeah you just have to
guesstimate so cute where should we go
for lunch Bowser I think we're going to
go to stone fire they have the most
unknown finer they have really good like
garlic lemon salmon do they have grilled
ostrich I don't know I don't know
because I would have always loved
artichoke this much is that we're it no
it's good they don't really have it in
England though it's pretty weird does it
not grow there we have also check but we
don't really like you don't really get
grilled what if they doing they're like
kissing she's like no one knows like oh
I'm not being on camera don't know
you're not paying me I came out of my
face little diva she's so tired she's
literally sometimes haha so we were
talking so much we forgot to vlog lunch
which is kind of like semi lunch dinner
because basically I checkmate the
kool-aid on my phone but it's classy but
haha stonefire I'll i grill and like
this is mickey one that's got anything
there like an ounce Alan it's like the
best thing ever is basically like
grilled me
fish with so much garlic and oiled
that's really re vinegar garlic oh you
don't care you and what you would call a
cilantro right but it's coriander yes
yeah amazing so tasty I don't know what
we're gonna do now but we're just gonna
chill and like villain yeah Barbra
Streisand I don't know if you guys can
see that basically we've been stuck in
traffic I have just like fallen asleep
in the car because we've had um what I
called flow patrol on super chilled out
we've been stuck in traffic the ages
trying to get past the hollywood bowl
where Barbra Streisand's is paying to
playing tonight I don't even know if you
can see me I don't they can even see me
can you see me now hope you can see me
now anyway so we've been stuck in
traffic for absolutely ages sided whoa
Mike nearly crash the car um limit side
he was pleased to learn yeah I was
putting into you decided to have an
fight for the lane of the stretch like i
won yeah we're on our way to yogurtland
for the third time this holiday I love
your girl and if the hand your cologne
we've done more yoga London in and out I
don't know if you want to now no no yeah
we had a big lunch like a big late lunch
so I'm just gonna get yoga master but
yeah it's nine o'clock now it was so
nice to see you came down we have such a
good day just chillin with them and
getting lunch and chatting it's my guy
is really dry because my contact lens oh
excuse me but yeah we've got to meet
Bowser and Zoe and actually there was
the cutest dogs ever they were so cute
and maybe really want another puppy but
I miss whoopee yeah lady made me miss me
but yeah so we are on our way to
yogurtland people and we're gonna eat
some yogurt yogurt here it is yogurtland
the land of dreams and tasty yogurt oh
why what have you got there it's you
good luck what I came to have some
yogurt with my caramel you've just got
the tiniest bit of yogurt with a lot of
nuts and a lot of
Carmel oh good and I've got the world's
largest yogurtland for somebody of my
size anyway um I have caramel no
cinnamon graham cracker or graham
cracker with your English and toasted
coconut yogurt with a heck term of nuts
and mochi and cookie dough and caramel
sauce this is like the replacement for
our dinner because we had basically like
a late lunch and we're not having any
dinner I'm gonna eat this now and I will
speak to you later look how tasty looks
all your mouth watering yes they are
you
