good morning guys and welcome to part 2
of vlogmas get ready for the jingle so
this morning I am up right now Lee Mike
has just gone to physio his alarm went
off at like 6:20 this morning with the
most antisocial you know like the toxic
waste spill alarm not good some wake
just got dressed haven't got any makeup
on yet because I'm filming a makeup
video today but I wanted to show you my
jumper because it's best if I don't like
it
it's a Topshop Maternity one that's got
glitzy cold shoulder shoulders and it's
actually quite skimpy which means that
from the front and black you can't
really see the bump too much but from
the side hello there the 36 week bump is
officially in charge it's large and in
charge I'm off to wake the hounds up and
give them some breakfast because that's
what we like to do in the morning piglet
has already heard me talking to the
camera but I can hear her yip-yap any
era little monkey you guys not bringing
in all the leaves you got a whole tree
in here piglet hey she got four we's
looking very appetizing guys mad I'm
gonna go get my breakfast which is gonna
be a little bit less stinky than your
breakfast you come in pinky finished I
think it always gets us first cuz she's
generally a slow eater calendar goodies
of the day deal home fragrance did not
realize that your advent calendar was
mixed Mike is gonna be very excited to
get his fragrance this molten brown
white truffle hand cream I just tried
this in it so nice and this cleanser I
never know how to say this brand Armour
of it sir more cream cleanser interested
to try this one funniest things just
happens I just got a message
my friends Jess and her sister Millie
who also know is in Hawaii at the moment
on holiday and they've just sent me this
message it's a picture of a note from a
lady they met in the ticket office to go
up to see the volcano and they bumped
into a subscriber who works there called
Claire if you're watching this Claire hi
look she wrote me a little note that
says Aloha Fleur Mahalo for all of your
vlogs you have a fan in the volcano from
God how cool is that all the way from
Hawaii I think that's so funny
what other chances as well of her
chatting to my friends like that's so
weird oh my goodness I've had a
seriously busy morning I've just
finished filming three videos I'm
actually super happy with my makeup I
just filmed a like a I want to call it a
tutorial but my bra strap is hanging out
and there behind me that did you see it
busted it's not really a tutorial it's
more like a this is my makeup and this
is how I like doing it and I'm really
happy with it although I look very very
pale this light is very bright but yeah
I have just finished filming and I'm now
halfway through the close-ups but Mike
and I are heading off to have a coffee
and some cake at my friend's youth club
my friend Libby has just opened a pub
that she's been working on for months
months months so and women actually
meant to go down last night was opening
like last night that Mike didn't get
back until 9:00 so we didn't eat too
late so we're going now and then I'm
gonna come back and film all these
close-ups Mike is now very excited that
he gets to go to the pub
do you realize it's not just a pub
there's a coffee shop as well so go into
the coffee shop
oh you don't get to booze in the daytime
so like pretend to be such a boozy lads
like such a lot feels like lamb today
because I've done my makeup I'm like
I've made Oh feel like this week has
been one of those weeks in terms of like
I just barely even got brush my hair let
alone but it makes I finally finished
filming and I sat down to put on my
makeup a wet a old stuff I've been
talking about and had one of those
moments I think this is what they
seriously like talk about when they say
you need to start nesting when you're
pregnant I was just like I'm gonna clear
out all my makeup so she spent the last
hour and a half just like going through
my entire dressing table throwing away
old makeup and organizing my makeup and
I'm not gonna lie it actually feels
great so I'm feeling super organized and
I just got a couple of deliveries which
I want to take over to the kitchen table
to show you because they are so cute
they're baby deliveries and I have to
say these are probably gonna be the last
of baby things some of them were gifts
which I'll talk to you about in a sec
but some of them I bought and I think
they're gonna be like the last baby
things I buy because quite frankly I
don't need any more baby stuff I'd kind
of forgotten I ordered some of this
stuff so some of it is a gift from my
friend Holly who is a blogger as well I
haven't seen her for years we kind of
keep in touch on online and stuff and
she sent me a message last week saying
her grandma had misses a hat for my
little baby and she wanted to send it to
me so she sent me this package and it's
honestly the cutest thing ever so I'm
going to show you that in a sec and then
I also forgot I actually ordered a loner
stuff from the white company a friend of
a friend had like a 50% off discount and
they were like oh would you want to use
it so I ordered a load of baby stuff and
I'm kind of like I remembered that I'd
ordered it but I kind of forgotten what
I'd ordered if that makes sense like I
just kind of like ordered
and then been like oh it's taken like a
month to come so so many cute things I'm
going to show you so first of all for
the stuff from Holly look at this
amazing picture this is her grandma with
the knitted hat how sweet is that and
then she sent me a card and a little
gnome I just ran out of battery and
possibly the most annoying time there
anyway the Hat Holly's oh my grandma
knitted for me how sweet is that so cute
so cute and she also sent a few gifts as
well
I just cut I'm so touched by this it's
so kind of her she sent me this little
dude who's like a Spotted Pig like a
soft toy piggy bank sweet and then she
sent a few bits of clothes from Old Navy
which I'm excited about because we don't
have Old Navy in England and they're
really cute this is like a little shirt
romper
that's embroidered sweet and then the
next thing is my favorite I love this so
I can little biker jacket like a black
biker jacket and black baby clothes are
so hard to find that's in six to twelve
months and then look at this as well she
sent this really cute cream starry vest
I love it so much massive massive thank
you Tony you're so kind I like I was
absolutely blown away when I received
this so sweet
and then the white company stuff that I
ordered and how she cooked quite a lot
of stuff and I completely forgotten like
I said I had 50% off so I kind of went a
bit crazy the white company is normally
really expensive so having 50% off is
like primary thing the first thing I got
with these tights this double pack which
is like one is kind of like cream
textured effect kind of vibe and then
the other one is like dusky pink and
then I also got this vest which I
absolutely love in three to six months
I've got quite a lot of dresses in three
to six months and I absolutely love
having like with colored vests
underneath them and this is really
pretty because it's got get this details
like silvery detail around the edge so
nice this jumper this is in 69 a lot of
them are in 69 actually because I've got
quite a lot of the smaller size stuff so
ordered some bigger stuff how sweet is
this it's got these little glittery
hearts on the sleeves super cute it says
love on it I got this dress which I
actually ordered way before my baby
shower and my friend iris ended up
buying this for me for my baby shower
but she bought it in naught 2 3 and then
this is in 69 so I'm gonna keep it
anyway here because it's super cute and
now she can wear it at 2 different ages
just like a read called Roy dress and
then it's got these embroidered like
Peter Pan or this embroidered Peter Pan
vest underneath it and then lastly for
the dress is how beautiful is this
there's like a velvet silver velvet
dress with look at this smock detail so
so pretty this is n69 as well so she
won't be wearing it for quite a while
and then last but not least this is it
naught 2 3 so she'll be wearing this
very very soon this is just a little
furry onesie super super cute it's got
bear ears no more shopping for me
Mike's guys what are we gonna do piggy
sleep apparently doing a little bit of
festive wrapping getting involved here
on the floor as I said before doing a
little bit everyday the news is on it's
very very loud as it is that time again
I'm totally addicted to having bars in
the moment I think having baths when you
are basically Porter present it's
probably the best thing in the world it
just takes the weight off all of your
body and your bum and it just makes you
feel amazing and the baby also gets
really active when I'm in the bath
should I kick this up really nice loving
it when I take my makeup off getting
fast and chill the hell out every single
time I drop this dressing down on the
floor when I'm out to get in the bath
this one magically appears out of
nowhere and she now goes up in it can't
blame you I stole it from Mike just come
downstairs to this one with dinner ready
and waiting yeah yes Mike your legend
this is a cheating risotto but it smells
and in case you're wondering about said
stolen dressing-gown yes this is the M&S
men's dressing gown from my Christmas
gift guide I keep stealing off mic
because my one doesn't quite fit my pump
anymore
but I was just saying how piglet every
time I put on the floor boots like yeah
get snuggly with it Mike has the very
fancy and overpriced iPhone 10 look at
this okay
the last few days this phone has fallen
off the side of the sofa the where
Mike's hand is there numerous times
Mike's like oh my god I'm fed up at this
I'm putting it on the table it just fell
off the table on the back this is weird
yeah is it a ghost phone is it I mean
it's very slow maybe there's someone
it's very strange guys I've got a
problem I've got a new craving of
oranges and I've got a terrible terrible
habit of peeling them whilst I'm either
sitting on the sofa or in bed and
leaving a pile of orange people next to
me this is so good I really want another
one but I'm just really full and I'm too
full d another one but I really want
another one I haven't felt this way
about craving food since really earlier
in my pregnancy when I was craving
watermelons I don't know why the
cravings are gone and how they are back
and all I want are giant Nivelle oranges
for something I mean maybe it's the
vitamin C I think it might also be
hydration as well which I think it was
with the watermelon because I haven't
been making off water hence I've nearly
finished this bottle of sparkling water
now because I'm aware in fact I'm not
drinking up anyway
that's gonna be upset I'll see you guys
tomorrow morning's going to London yay
hello there good morning guys how many
your fondest lot both actually afternoon
that's definitely lunchtime we
definitely just ate lunch and I
definitely didn't stop
until lunchtime today great we've
basically just had a bit of a flustered
morning we just got to learn the way and
the part of packs train might have to
sit on the floor
which was the life he was very
gentlemanly and gave me the sea which to
be honest we are on our way to the
hospital for a checkup
and then we have some fun things to do
in London today can I just say you sir
are looking very handsome today
Mike's very least
oh my god there's loads of people in
here hang on stop walking stop walking
Mike's wearing his coat that I bought
him for Christmas two years ago it's too
dark in here there you go now you can
see him in all his glory doesn't he look
handsome outfit of the day from Mike and
he's got a present for our friend James
who are going to see Christmas present
so we just go out off the baby checkup
all good all going to plan we had a
little update and a chat about exactly
like what's gonna happen and obviously
if you guys haven't watched my baby
updates you might now I'm having section
so like what happens in theatres and all
of that and I actually feel good about
it a bit nervous but good at the same
time so yeah that's what's happening now
I'm on my way to a meeting with the
lovely ladies from Chanel Beauty and
Mike is going to pick up this tuxedo
fancy pants if you guys follow me on
Instagram stories you might have seen
last week
we were trying on suits or tuxedos might
form cell phone each other
he looks very handsome in it it's a bit
of a trial so yeah if you want to take
my vlog camera and log it on another
note when you have scans this late into
pregnancy I'm like 36 weeks now it's so
rubbish you just literally don't you see
anything you see like the whole like
torso or like you just don't get to see
the whole baby all in one yeah I
couldn't knows it she's not exciting
like wasn't the early days when you see
the little baby now it's like oh what is
that oh it's a leg really it looks like
a like brain but don't know for yeah
it's basically all a big blur Mike's
working on the cars just why he's not
paying attention
looking really rude
what is it with you and zooming cameras
in my face all the time guys we're
having a super fancy afternoon tea so
festive in here as well and fancy a bit
of tea we've got some sandwiches comes
these things they're amazing and there's
also some kind of pasties over there
which I'm definitely an eat all of you
guys oh my god guys this is a giant
Ferrero Rocher possibly the most
delicious thing ever it's like chocolate
mousse and nuts and caramel oh my
goodness guys that was a journey and a
half home we ended up in my Christine
what I was about to show you we ended up
in a massively massively busy train
again so we couldn't sit next to each
other but I did manage to find a seat
but I just got home and I've been sent a
Christmas present from cordially you
guys might have seen me talking about
the change of our fragrance in one of my
latest videos I think it's like a whole
video and I bought the shower gel look
what they sent me how exciting they sent
me the perfume shower gel and the body
lotion basically I'm gonna smell amazing
and these also arrived which on a side
note we live quite a long way from
London
they've been couriered from London and
they still look like this I cannot
believe it can I also points out one
great thing about those what is it the
chocolate cake and you don't my job is
to also say I don't like chocolate cake
but these look like they could be I
think they look so good PEGI portion
which is like a really fancy cook it
look how much icing they've got on them
they look amazing beautiful and this one
has got his suit swanky Burberry suit
mister or his tuxedo tuxedo can we have
a look at it it's there beautiful
Tuesday for its mystical adventure I
wonder why
to need it I hate to break it to you
Mike but on closer inspection and with a
sniff test these cupcakes are actually
gingerbread cupcakes I mean that's great
news which means I'm gonna eat them to
be honest that I think I'm any-any
tonight because we've had a locate today
can I just put the cell packaging and my
shirt look how nice they look you this
you know it's Christmas in like TV I
just got I just got a cupcake icing hon
I mean I think you know in like two
weeks
yes but you buying yourself presents do
it all the year round especially gifts
that did you miss me pig did you miss me
personal space was never a thing with
you was it baby that's nicer that's nice
then sticking your tongue down my nose
you're very cute bigger you're very cute
happening again guys
the orange addiction actually had two of
these left in the fridge and I've just
realized one was gone off so now I just
have this one and it made me very sad
yes Mike was like film me I've got
something to add are you sure I mean
yeah will you go and get me some oranges
Oh piggy you would if you could drive
guys you know you're getting old when
you've got a new favorite program and
it's very various country houses where
she goes round stately homes and cooks
it's my favorite program this is the
third episode we've watched and it's so
good I love it she did Highclere Castle
which is the house that Downton Abbey
was filmed in it was the first one it's
really good I really liked it getting
old that is good I just fell asleep here
lying on the sofa and I wake up and what
is Mike watching but forged in fire
piglet forged in fire we don't want to
watch that no
oh here she comes that's gonna be it
guys to vlog most part two piglets a fan
you're a fan of kisses Oh was I asleep
Oh piggy we'll see you guys tomorrow
hi
