so guys this is a little bit different
yesterday they're the crazy snowstorm in
New York this is mental we're trying not
to slip over I've learnt mum my trainers
these are only aa
let's get a coffee in Starbucks maybe I
feel like venture a small way so we're
currently attempting to have a look in
the shop in Soho but it is this absolute
eventful it's so snowy and there's like
nobody on the street really crazy this
is what that looks like right now we're
currently making our way towards where
we're having lunch we're basically going
to pull up and have lunch because this
is crazy
we're like slipping around so we escaped
snowstorm and we've half for lunch I
didn't vlog on
too busy cafe confluent from my friend
Bella who was in my blog last I was in
New York
and my mom as well here has some tasty
sushi in the fish bar in Soho and it's
still snowing outside I'm not I'm kind
of over to snow now my white feet got
fully like soggy and Holmes and now I
feel immense when a little bit bad about
my so I didn't actually end up vlogging
anymore yesterday because we ended up
catching up with an old school friend of
mine who I hadn't seen in 10 years and
we were into her house and they don't
let you film in there or take photos or
anything so I didn't vlog anymore and I
feel so crap today I've woken up with a
really horrible like flu bug cold thing
and I just feel terrible like my whole
body is aching and I just feel surrender
so today and yesterday is going to be
one vlog that's going to happen and yeah
this morning it's about half past eight
now I think I woke up at like 4:00 I
feel like I wasn't yet like for the last
two days and then I've gotten more
jet-lagged like what the hell how has
that happened maybe it's just being
poorly but yeah so this morning taking
it slow I've been packing I have like
almost stuff
packs up I'm also catching up on the
Vampire Diaries Season eight which I
didn't even realize had started but I
have like six episodes or something that
are already on iTunes I've downloaded
and it's so good I am gonna get ready to
grab some breakfast with my momma and
then I'm very excited about this because
I only found out yesterday that there is
a Taylor Swift like experience at the
Grammy Museum and I instantly but just
Achatz because I want to go see I'm
dragging my mum around the Taylor Swift
museum hashtag van Gogh
so we're having some breakfast in the
hotel and we are sat by the window look
of a garden covered in flow so nice can
I have a coffee much required this
morning so our breakfast was just
arrived we've gone all out for last day
I've got cheese grits with corned beef
hash poached eggs got some Australian
mushrooms one for scrambled eggs and
bacon which is outrageous and some toast
so yummy empty
you
so we made it to the telescas experience
go a little bit excited about this sorry
mum if you continue up with me you have
to do crazy things like excessive
absences you you bleed when I can't see
if you're right here next to me
something's wrong is it now it's done
you get dressed on the comments and you
tell me to country and you tell me
so the tailless quest thing was awesome
I thoroughly enjoyed it when I waiting
for our uber in the sunshine
this is so weird there's snow everywhere
but it's like crazy blue skies and sunny
the last time I was here guys I was on
the hunt for a giant cinema secrets
brush cleaner and so many of you guys
had come to Ricky's in Soho I'm here and
oh yeah they have giant one so we've
come for our last lunch in New York at
this place which is called Vic that she
came here last week and it was amazing
such good Italian food
I was being naughty enough for diet coke
but they actually have this apples in
Boylan
diet cola never had it before looks good
so we just happen we're trying not to
look over Italy we just had the most
delicious lunch ever
and we're now picking up CBS to get cold
violence later like that so we stopped
for some tea at Kearney and some tea
rooms mum's got an Earl Grey I have a
matcha latte which is ginormous I
propose this so big so we're now in the
airport currently chilling waiting on
the flight and go home I just worked or
maple and we are now eating mmm why not
so many blue ones in there like we got
all the blue ones that it's going to be
it for the slug guys getting ready going
to sleep on the plane and I still feel
really rough so I'm excited to spend the
weekend at home you know I feel poorly
but I hope you guys are having a good
day and I'll leave you right
hi
