hello everybody we are at Universal
Studios and I have never been to
Universal Studios before mike has been
to one in Florida we just went on the
studio tour which was actually really
cool I thought it was going to be a
little tacky but what's really cool and
we are about to go on this Simpson which
was why it looks like this in the
background there's krustyland look at
his freaky eyes and the music is pretty
loud so I don't know if he'll be able to
hear me but we are gonna go and get in
line and should I plug the ride imagine
see you are when are you going to
explain why you're filming on my phone
today break it and I dropped it about 60
million times 50 million probably an
exaggeration I've dropped it about 100
times and it fell out of my pocket when
I was in the bathroom and when smash but
it still works yeah but I don't you for
an upgrade in in a couple of months
anyway so it's not so bad but I was
really annoyed because it has a
controller and everything has my
whooping compliment but it went facedown
did you enjoy that it's alright
and they were like watching but mommy
which I think would spit scary scary
what did you think
approximately transformers time
I did expect I did expect normally to be
bigger than its answer is prime
transformers was amazing it was like the
best simulator ride I've ever been on
that was really really cool and I
couldn't film in it because it's like 3d
simulator so
you're not go out to but even if I did
it would be all like the sun is shining
really majorly warm we thought it was
going to be actually a bit cooler today
but it is not and I think we're probably
done for the day
Universal we might be going to get some
snacks snacks snacks
hello God so we've just got back to our
hotel after a long day at Universal
Studios to find out that there was a
massive crowd of teenage girls waiting
outside the hotel and we like okay this
must be like Taylor Swift or one
direction or Selena Gomez or Justin
Bieber it was one direction they're
staying the same hotel as us which i
think is really really cool there's all
these like screaming teenage girls
outside the hotel and yeah that is
pretty much all the news for this
evening god you're just jealous
you're just jealous yes he is but yeah
that's pretty much it for today guys
hope you've all had an amazing day and I
will see you very soon maybe tomorrow
goodbye
