hey guys so today I'm here with Nicki
where you guys will all know why she's
getting my vlogs before and if you don't
ok there will be links to her Channel
and stuff in the information while
Malone you guys have to check her out
she's amazing ok so today we have made
up a new tag we just went crazy I was
feeling a bit celebrity crush because
apparently one direction staying in the
hotel that we're staying in LA well they
are because I saw how are you good that
is literally so I got a bit fangirls
like this is awesome one direction
staying in hotels like fangirls outside
what are we going to film with Nikki
tomorrow I was like let's do a celebrity
crush tag it's really good yeah I didn't
help her with this you can say we
created it you came up with it and I'm
kind of jealous I didn't think of it
first it's cool good idea well I'm
saying my own tag is cool yeah it is
cool I love it so we have five questions
number one is there written on a peace
mission oh it's really sad it's cuz I
don't I've like such a digital layout
such a digital life I don't have paper
anyway I like rushing things phone
anyway number one you're young celebrity
crush sahu did you have a big crush on
when you were like a teenager yourself
or potentially even like 10 like really
young yeah yeah okay well this answer is
actually gonna pop up twice for me this
is my mom thought it was so weird I've
had a crush on Robert Downey jr. since I
was little I know my mom when I was like
honey you realize he's like 30 ray cuz
when I was little it was like I don't
even know 30 or yeah like 20s I was like
I don't care I love him so Robert Downey
jr. as weird as a phallus for me it was
definitely zac hanson like i was
obsessed as it is yes but the weird
thing is i looked just like him is like
Sarah did you really just because you
know like they had long blond hair like
or like to this like say I have same
hair he was a little chubby Zack I was a
little chubby as girl and we had the gap
et think oh my god like seriously we
look like each other I was winning yeah
so kind of like incestuous young teenage
/ zac hanson super appropriate yes
truancy young teenage love lovely number
two yo celebrity girl crush okay you go
first i'm still thinking mine is going
to be like tails
because I just love her but that's more
of like I love her music and I just love
her in general yeah but I also really
really like Emma Stone I just think
she's so cool do you like me then
because everybody says I would you look
a little bit like her but I don't like
fancy yeah I know you do it's okay okay
okay mine is megan fox oh she's home I
love her and you know what's funny is i
don't i don't love her in movies
necessarily because i think that a lot
of people take advantage of the fact
that she's so beautiful and then they
like make her up so much i'm more an
offer and crush over her in like
magazines when she's walking down the
street like no leaning on at the beach
I'm always like whoa you're so pretty so
Megan talk she looks amazing if we told
you like hotness in terms of like who is
like the hottest yeah I also think
Miranda Kerr is like amazing she's so
pretty she's like I want to look like I
know well we can drink question number
three celebrity crush over 40 well we
all know who you're gonna say yeah I
really answered that Robert Downey jr. I
love him and I really liked him an iron
man I'm so cool in on it was so cool I
just think he's a really good actor like
every film I've ever seen him in I'm in
awe of his talent and I just think he
still is so handsome yeah he just keeps
getting more and more hands he's just so
handsome I have she just thought of
another one like I was gonna say Brad
Pitt I think that's really obvious cuz
yeah he's Brad Pitt yeah the buzz
actually kiefer sutherland's who is such
a badass yeah she's cool yeah and we
sure love for 24 yeah 24 is amazing so
yeah he suffered even like back in the
day when he did have you seen Lost Boys
which is not on my favorite films when
he I think he must have been in his
early twenties when he filmed it and he
was just cool back there and then then
he did 24 and just he was just so Bauer
and then yeah I'm just coping in all
eight seasons of 24 twice and I started
at the other night for the third time I
just stopped myself because I was like
to have wasted so much time on this job
once you start watching you have to like
watch a whole day you're like oh no you
can't get away from its amazing I'd use
okay number four is your boy band crush
okay you go first minus one direction in
the moment cuz I'm like semi stalking
them yeah but when i get on to breakfast
in the hotel and like actively like
looking around just making sure that i'm
gonna be that I see if Harry Styles
chosen he's the only one that I've seen
in the hotel so far but i do think like
I really like Liam and Louie the best I
don't know anything on I wish that's
Larry I think that's really sad
everybody knows Harry and not the others
because he's always the one in the
popular page with the flippy hair I
think it's cuz he's like the cheeky like
he's got that cheeky personality what is
cheeky mean exactly Jenna what she can
use um like well how do you know it like
sarcastic like I'm sure is like naughty
like um Mike's a few what would be the
American one my jakey I'm skin but you
know if you're like a kid you make like
naughty jokes or you're like you take
making out people like just taking the
victim oh my is it was like she keep it
kind of like a little naughty like yeah
but in a nice way it's kind of like like
a bad boy yeah well no but it's like a
cute wait why is cheeky let us know in a
way that i can understand I kind of
somehow you wouldn't know what cheeky
means is fight am i hurting your
heritage yeah I just saw it was in
America's oh yeah so let us know because
I'm a little confused I would have to
say boy band crush um well this is going
like way old school so does this even
cow I really loved and saying i love
them because i loved justin timberlake i
still love justin timberlake I think
he's so talented yeah I think he's so
talented he's cute he's got a good voice
I think he's funny I saw him in that
movie on that time movie with Amanda
things you do it listen it was good and
like I think he's a good actor for like
who he is like for being you know Jeff
is switching yeah from so many different
yeah and he's really cute like he has it
like us like a swag I've been using that
word lately
that's not a word I use a little bit
swag too so the other one for me is
Hanson to like I said how I was like
obsessed with them Bob yeah I would kill
to have him on my wedding imagine he had
haven't sent of your wedding number five
is your jailbait teen age dream crime
this kiss Nicki and I you're 25 right
hot when I'm 24 there are certain like
celebrity teenagers at the moment who we
probably think a cute but we probably
shouldn't because they are too too young
yeah and I mean I guess technically
jailbait and illegal would be under 18
but I guess I'm not cool enough to know
all of the under-18 celebrities so I
consider mine to be Justin Bieber yeah I
think he's like 19 it would still be
with ya it would still be a little weird
huh so I say Justin Bieber I think he's
so cute in his new video beauty and the
beat with Nicki Minaj or the blank
missing you have to see it so good and
he kind of took like a note from
youtubers it's very everything in it is
it he's like doing feel like this it's
really cute that's close my invitation
just mine it's got to be like someone on
X Factor other women I don't actually
know how old he is but they're in
there's this boy band called Union J on
UK X Factor at the moment I don't know
like if they're gonna win because like
I'm not there are definitely other
people who i think are a bit better than
them but this is one guy in that band
called George and he is like the cutest
guy ever if I was like 15 I be to go
Union J George secretly like totally lo
q I love this town yeah that's it for
the tag who else should we talk to do it
who should be timid who would like to do
a teenage dream I don't know should be
too i mean i don't know Rachel anyway
yeah let's do the Standish Rachel and
Aaron Allison ah who else Tanya Tanya
Zoe and Louie there you go and Gemma
against my gosh you got any others I'm
trying to think I can't think I don't
know I like so many people like if we
think of anyone else before the Ridley
as well below but that is who we tag and
we tag you if you want to do this post
it as a video response and let us know
I your crushes I was gonna say teenage
crush it I was gonna say I don't know I
feel like it needs to be like teenage
dream crush yeah the teenage dream test
celebrity crush tag yeah that is it for
today guys I will see you tomorrow don't
forget to go and check out Nikki's
channel because we have filmed a couple
of videos together well we've filmed one
we're going to fund some more after this
yeah so go and check them out and i will
see you next time bye guys
