hello guys and welcome back to sunny LA
it's another beautiful day looking at
blue sky we are currently cruising along
in not the green machine this time guys
it's the red machine we've got a red car
this time it's not quite as garish as
the greens at Mike but it's SuperDuper
sunny today is the last day of like
super hot sunshine I'm just on my way
Mike's dropping me off at Ingrid's house
because I'm having a girly day with
Ingrid and Nikki and Alison which I'm
super excited about so we're going to
Ingrid's house this morning via a target
because I need to pick up some of the
prizes from my Taylor Swift giveaway
which I'm actually proving pretty hard
to get hold of a lot of this stuff that
like her cover girl stuff that she wears
is actually sold out everywhere so I've
managed to get kind of half of it and
we're still looking to get like the last
few bits yep and that's pretty much it I
will see you in wild crocodiles well
hello there Michael
what have you been doing today shopping
we just went for a late night I'm gone
oh uh frozen yogurt and now I feel
really sick because we went for dinner
at the Cheesecake Factory beforehand you
gonna show me what you bought today show
everyone your nice vide that you bought
the other day from j.crew he looks very
smart look it's like a grown-up hoodie
instead of the kiddie one well what did
you buy today I bought some
Joey Graceffa is recomended pop socks
socks then I also bought it's made of
eagle yeah with the bunny you see cause
it's quite odd call a fire button is it
because I think haven't seen that one
you bought that when I wasn't there
what else did you yeah
only this way folding in in the wardrobe
already is it I'm so full from The
Cheesecake Factory and I only ate like a
third of the portion these are like old
man gloves
oh my gosh remember like they're not
cashmere they're leather around the
inside it's red cashmere - that's
alright that's not oh is it sorry I was
looking through the lens I get orange
very snazzy they actually look kind of
old money when they're there but they're
actually really nice this looks old
Manny - getting married these days you
could wear this with the hoodie you
might put off mm-hmm a bit tight manhood
yah ah nice tweed jacket there mister is
that all you bought the other day yeah
I'm gonna do a whole video of what I
bought and so I'm not gonna show you too
much but what I did get were loads of
candles from the certain missglamorazzi
she actually gave me alone of the full
collection slight Kimiko buy from Body
Works candles because they stopped
selling them in the shops before I got
here so she gave me me a candle holder
which is like super cool because I've
never had one of the holders before with
a snowman on it and then inside that I
have a pumpkin cupcake which I'm pretty
sure this is exactly the same if not
very very similar to the pumpkin one I
have at home which I am just about to
finish which is really good because it
smells really yummy and sweet and spicy
and then she also gave me some snuggly
shea butter infused socks which is
awesome because I actually forgot my
cuddly socks for the plane on the way
here and I got really cold feet so I can
wear these on the plane on the way back
and
she got me and then she got me a sweet
cinnamon pumpkin small candle which is
really good it smells really actually
really really spicy and then she got me
the iana film she got me the leaves
candle but this is the white barn
version which is like white and gold
which is like at the pretty leaves and
then she got me another one she got me
the autumn which smells like fairly
similar to leaves but like a bit fresher
but more like fruity and kind of like
piny piny smelling and that is it for in
there so I know it's a candles to burn
when I get home yay yeah I think that's
pretty much it for the vlog today cuz
all the rest of my shopping from what we
had a nice reunion
good old super nugs oh we saw nugs I was
wondering what you're gonna say that and
that's my I think I said I built it up
we saw nugs and he was really cool he
was playing with me he played with me
loads when you'd left as well he's
fighting mighty loves him huge is like
the biggest cat in the world
but he's really he's really cool because
he like plays daddy but he's paws he
doesn't like claw at all he just like
has his paws at Paddy's doesn't actually
dig in and then he'd bite you a little
bit he's really cool playful playful cat
come here what so loud is it for today
guys thanks again for joining us and we
will be seeing you very soon I maybe
will we give them the fog tomorrow maybe
goodbye
you
