hey guys so today I'm in LA yes you see
behind me and I am with Joey Graceffa
and kollel if you don't know who she is
all things will be and if I bought below
because we haven't been video together
well but you'll notice these times
around so today we are doing the your
brother yeah we're just doing a would
you rather tag we just thought would be
fun to get together and have a bit of a
chat on this really hot balcony so
excuses we're sweating profusely during
this video it is hot today so I'm your
star I'm sure we should sell it roll
with it and then pick up the next one or
ghost go so I'm gonna ask Joey would you
rather eat a live tarantula or lay in a
bath for the five snakes okay oh my gosh
I hate spiders they like my biggest fear
but I also hate snakes and having lost
so they're huge so if this spider was
dead which I'm gonna pretend it in their
life wait wait I have a question what do
you have to be naked in Nevada good
question okay can you have shoes on and
later you have shoes I'm like a coat and
pants and everything like really good
body if your skin's protected it's
really not that scary because something
yeah it's so they can't make their venom
in you that's what's scary okay I choose
evening as fighter because I would kill
it and I mean it so it's still super
hairy yeah
the legs like coming up you each end
it's like - like so poking out my mouth
no matter what it's not going to happen
so whatever that's it would you rather
eat a trench law or shape up all your
hair we gonna ask a hair question
obviously my hair's important to me
without important that is a good
question this is what I think really
shake my head I am worrying oh wait oh
my god I'm not scared of spiders
I couldn't it would be it would be
extremely difficult but I don't eat
spider spider yes I know we're
continuing this by a chain that I have a
feeling would you rather eat at Ranelagh
or swim let's say I'm not quite sure of
the distance but let's just say like an
eighth of a mile in waters with hungry
sharks okay I would definitely eat the
tarantula because you can't die from you
tarantula was it a mile I didn't think
of like a semi like long bike not super
long but like not sure all right
wait let me rephrase on your face you
get like a minute head start before they
like open again for the show but that's
still gonna be no oh would you rather
eat a tarantula or drink a pipe in juice
and I we have been talking about fin
juice earlier today because these guys
don't convince bins because they're
American it's like imagine a trash can
yeah like disgusting water in Tripoli
you know like when you take it out and
it's sometimes it leaks on the floor a
pipe girl
Oh coz there's so many gross things like
rom needs and like eggs and everything
in the trash it depends whose trash it
is that's true if it's like a smoker
imagine it we're like fast everybody
exactly how much is a paint like how
many shots would that be financially oh
all right I don't know about you but my
church doesn't have that much juice in
it maybe has like there never come but
you've saved it up for like months
Oh get rid of this tarantula big nose
yeah let's just do it
drink that VIN juice all right I'll just
drink the bedrooms definitely yeah would
you rather eat big juice or know when
you're gonna die Oh drink with Benji
with it what if you find that your new
tire like 85 like actually yeah because
if you could if you found out I'm you're
gonna die by getting run over by the bus
when you're like 40 I'd be like well not
gonna cross that right be like this
nation you would get told how you're
gonna die just the day that oh so then
you'd like to stay in the house
yeah in the house but it's down no
matter what you do you're gonna die okay
right yeah I did and then I could
fulfill I mean he said if you like that
that you're gonna die in like next year
then you just go in a state of abject
depression but what can you do if you
die anyway yeah and I don't avoid
getting sick from drinking the Benjie's
I think I would actually likes you know
what I'm gonna die I'm not that I don't
want to know so you choose that good one
for you this one's just for you just for
me no yeah okay another know when you're
gonna die or have the dress room stuff
only from Walmart for the rest of your
life I think I would go with the Walmart
stuff cuz they have some okay thanks
enough no way you're gonna die is kind
of serious it is
I wouldn't want yeah I'm gonna say that
so now I'm you know is Joey would you
rather wear only things from Lamont
which I don't think is that is this bad
for guys because they could just wear
like plain jeans and plain t-shirts yeah
would you remember the forever forever
live in your wedding day okay bye moment
has fabric so you could learn how to
sell your yeah
hahaha you could make a dress out of
like cereal boxes oh so would you rather
do that oh not be allowed to make
youtube videos oh my gosh okay I
obviously choose dressing a Walmart
forever because you could be unsigned as
you know videos but you still have it
yet right exactly
all for you guys see that see my
dedication to YouTube
I was just a moment closed forever for
you
don't you already would you rather dress
and Walmart closed forever or eat
roadkill
what kind of roadkill use your
imagination
if he was a deer I would eat there this
is a dead squirrel how are these world
okay all right it's really not that I
wouldn't I mean it would be super nasty
first would you cook it
no I would I should be quite good at
like if you ya know if you could cook it
it would be okay if it is fresh it's so
young
okay so since I already know that Fleur
would choose the roadkill wine we want
to make it a little bit more interesting
and we're gonna say that the roadkill
now has a little family of maggots on it
and it's been there for quite some time
so Nastya would you rather eat the
roadkill or have a decent-sized zit on
your face our five years
roadkill with the man right on the end
of your night it's the pouring out of
your mouth sounds delicious
yeah yeah maybe good for this it then
if it decent-sized or is like a full-on
boil I can you like won the night okay
so Joey would you rather have a zit on
your face for the next five years I'll
have to dress like an emo all the time
just like an emo all the time I think
it's really cool and she was like I do
not solely oh go for the email that you
hated dressing will you know but it's
better than having is it unlike this for
five years
okay guys so we're gonna finish off by
doing like our ultimate individual would
you rather this okay so for both you
guys would you rather be hot for the
rest of your life our cold for the rest
of your life huh like how extreme are we
talking like you're cold like right now
am I like this hot all the time yeah or
cold like you to constantly feel like Oh
too hot or too cold
pop pop me too I'm really bad at being
cold we feel yeah that was rate stream
but you know what for some people it is
okay now I do think Oh would you rather
only eat Snickers bars for the rest of
your life or jelly or jello
assuming that you could survive just
eating yeah demos directed water like
flavored water this yogurt is so much
both in jello anything else eat Snickers
how would you feel I taste like when you
have too much of it it's just kind of
like my awareness gel is quite light and
different many different flavors yeah I
would yell out so many on it just be too
good all the time I want some crunch
you could always freeze the jello I feel
like you'd be a lot more healthy if you
did went for the Snickers option cuz
like you have none right I got this next
give me those snakes yeah last one that
was so extreme player oh my god I gotta
make up for the two of ya after like
eating roadkill and being in a tub
insane but like this is the extreme
vintage jello or what you like it's Nick
your father all right this one spacesick
so prepare your minds oh no in a good
way alright you've been taken you're on
you're on a table yeah that's their
style you're you're tied down you've
been taken like hasn't taken the movie
snatched sure but now for prostitution
purposes okay okay okay so you're honest
and upfront I don't know Joey as much
how you would like that you're my dark
mood trying in the dog food
I'm thinking my whole stool I was
telling a story I was preparing they
must slowly continue he's back there you
go alright you've been taken by some
creepy man you're a darkroom
you're tied down you're gonna die
regardless
you have two choices on how you can die
Oh both of which are very awful choice
number one is going to take a knife he's
going to cut you in inch sized pieces
starting with your fingertips then this
arm cannulate so you don't die yeah yeah
okay that's the first option which is a
really good one the next one is kind of
the same thing but with fire so you're
slowly burned until you turn to go so
your arm and then this arm and then your
legs I'd go for the cutting I go either
prostitution I think anyone who
prostitution would you rather be capital
P Sarge
Wow am I saying I'm just trying to
entertain the people
Joe just in case oh my gosh right guys
that is it for today go and check out
these guys channels that will be linked
in the
for bar thingamabob e below and I will
see you - bye
