hey guys so this guy who was surprised I
was here my swimming trunks almost fell
off mister going gray the Catalina Wine
Mixer no way we've brought the serum to
Catalina Island to do the yeah we're
doing a test for the zombie apocalypse
are we not going to see where I made it
I made a hybrid serum it's like half
dinosaur half zombie even watching
spider-man this would be the best place
to have the zombie movie like ever
yeah can you make up yeah I'm working on
it through your vlogs well you know what
I could piss my Resident Evil Catalina
Edition like I know a hundred it's
always humans running away from answers
what if there was a hundred zombies that
took down a t-rex I think they would
probably cuz they're just like slowly
claw it be like by a thousand fights if
you make a zombie meat idea zombie yeah
of course I think you'd be the lead zone
I'd be like the main burbot verbals
great so we just finished off eating our
zombie brains from yeah we didn't really
actually
we had breakfast food at lunchtime some
shrimp this is gonna go bad PK it's like
what 85 degrees today he's taken some
shrimp Kennedy Adam to go and you're
gonna you're gonna be really ill I'm
gonna we have a new game we're gonna
rent a golf cart we're gonna drive
around the local area and we're gonna
play throw the shrimp weight to make
friends
I actually just ate so much crab
Benedict I feel like I might explode
like it's a struggle walking because I
feel like I'm gonna feel the scraps
well the problem is I ordered eggs
benedict with crab but it happens a lot
when I'm in mistakes that they don't
because with I'm quite like quiet spoken
sometimes and also because of the accent
they don't pick up on certain things
like I've gotten orders wrong quite a
lot
it's probably my father should order in
an American accent it's the accents so
he came he was just normal Eggs Benedict
I was like Oh would you mind if I get
some crab like the crab one he was like
you didn't understand even then yeah he
was like what what but he was like the
nicest guy and then I was like oh oh you
know just get some crab on the side he
was like oh no no no we'll make you a
whole new and I was like no no no no
minute but the guy in the kitchen like
insisted on making me a whole new eggs
benedict has so much pride for his crab
Benedict they made you a whole new one
so I had already by the time they
brought the whole new one I had already
eaten like a quarter of the other one so
now I'm so full I feel like I might
explode but he can't ate the rest of it
oh okay guys so I've got the Ridley
Memorial but you have to pay to get
through so we're just gonna gatecrash
the gate so I just driving with the golf
buggy just joking but it would be funny
if I was not here I would do that
you're just not naughty enough ego do it
I've stolen a golf club before just
casual and we can't where do you see
what no sex no fun so we're slightly
undecided about where the rest of Mike's
Babli's gone because we haven't passed
them coming the other way so yeah no
more racing guys we've got a bit of an
issue we've broken that guy over there
he's blew through two skidded
motor may get blown up mr. Speer what do
we go do we take it backward we cry on
our toes very often see what it smell
like really bad my quesadillas we
discovered the zipline and the boys want
to stop and do the zipline you do yeah
you have to pre-booked that some of
that's go that's what we just stopped in
the middle of the road more epic view
that's a leader so cool
what do you think of Catalina like it's
acceptable it's average I've seen better
we're going to the concede are you gonna
drop 50 on red Oh actually like I don't
do the exact history you can be looking
for this but I'm pretty sure it's like
now they have if I can cinnabar and
somehow I don't because it is but it was
Billa the beach looks awesome last time
I came here with Ingrid it was January
and they didn't have like the whole
setup was amazing for them like really
really really fast people it was like
hey look how cool it looks at the beach
it's really cool
so we've got some small frozen margarita
original I got the original frozen
margarita extra for Thailand extra fine
oh my god I was actually gonna fake how
good it was but it's so good I actually
I'm gonna try this one it's good what's
another word for pirate treasure
well loot I think it's booty checking
out ladies butts on my blog so rude we
are leaving Catalina now these 2 rude
boys no in a good way
my new best friend look at his beady
eyes he's like I'm like getting my right
side how close you can get DEFCON 5
Fleur she's trying to steal the
limelight the Fleur has a serious ulcer
we're dealing with the problem it's like
zombie die no zombie die no level this
is all that tooth
serious selection is there because do
you reckon it's a zombie today and I
have a toothbrush and some multi-purpose
solution what do we need on them
hey guys and welcome back to sunny LA I
didn't actually get to finish our vlog
yesterday so this is going to be the end
of it as you can see today we are
cruising along with the roof down and if
you want to see what we get up to today
then check out our next video which will
be up and I don't know when probably
tomorrow when you're watching this but
yeah we will see tomorrow
