hello everybody and welcome to vlog
Tober day 31 is the last day of log toba
and it is also halloween ha ha and as we
are super duper party animals on
Halloween we are watching a scary movie
and I am in my pajamas should i do a
halloween outfit of the day today and we
have a light what are you wearing with
me I've got my pajamas on and wearing a
ghillie Hicks well if he's trying to eat
my popcorn I wonder you will be way oh
that's been me definitely that's for me
woof he has a mild obsession with
platform she really really likes
pok√©mon okay so I have my popcorn this
is the pret salt and sweet popcorn we
actually bought this from Pratt the
other day especially for movie night
because it's so good it's like mix salt
and sweet but it's like not too buttery
or like to top it's just really yummy
and work hello come over here and then
I'm wearing my Gilly Hicks hoodie which
was from my sister's my birthday which I
love didn't go down a little bit it's
like a future magenta color then I have
on these bad boy pajama bottoms from
prime oil which were a pound and I think
they're really cool color and then the
creme de la creme sexy outfit topping my
fluffy slippers from Primark as well it
with three pounds Woofie is obsessed
with these she literally has issues like
she steals them and they go missing for
days in a row so we are going to put on
a scary movie and watch it Mike's gonna
light we also have a halloween candle
guys this is this is the extent of our
Halloween craziness here it goes so my
creamy pumpkin candle it actually smells
so strong that's why you can just take
the lid or do we get some matches now
you can do it with that Mike Scott why
not the fire lighting blowtorch why not
it's Halloween let's just go crazy it's
not only a crazy flame or tomorrow
thesis at the top corner by I want to
eat that I've also got some elderflower
cordial cuz I'm just crazy like that and
are we getting to watch well because my
words watch the thing but i don't so
watch the thing the other day that we
had to watch the thing
this is granite or we watch the woman
black out of those two I'm not crazy
about either of them but i would say
woman in black even though it's
potentially more scary the thing just
doesn't appeal to me even in terms of
like being scary they're like woman in
black look how creepy that looks Daniel
Radcliffe and if you click too scared
just remember him in harry potter harry
potter harry potter double-o severus
snape I can't even remember how it goes
but what about the bata bata bata bata
is that kitty cat hi baby she didn't
want to say hi she just looked away so
we're gonna watch this and should we
keep them updated of how scared we are
we should have like us if I'm just good
at like computers and stuff I would have
like a scared barometer showing you like
1 to 10 of how scared I am throughout
the film but I don't have to do that so
I can't do it so I just have to tell you
I actually want to watch 28 days later
but Mike said no she that's so many
times and it's an amazing film bomb
sorry doctors getting worried about
being really scared now Whoopi will you
snuggle tonight I'm not scared i'll give
you popcorn will ya popcorn I think
she's rioted smells really funky it's
creepy in here already and we haven't
even started the movie lies the vid DVD
has gone on and the intro is so scary
that I can't watch it I'm just too scary
might switch all the lights off and it's
like the creepiest music and it makes me
want to cry and look behind me all the
time oh I really don't know no I can't
do it I can't watch that kind of thing
don't you really think I'm not much I
don't want to watch that either can we
watch a non ghosty what I'm really
scared now please I'm sure we watch the
zombie one for facial phase I'm on ok
honestly I can't watch it like I'm too
scared this that's not acceptable please
face your fears it's Halloween ok so I
couldn't deal with the ghosts even guess
we didn't even get what was just a
creepy music it scared me um so we're
going for the thing instead which no
actually going for the thing looks
really creepy in here cuz it's so dark
and cuz that chair is there's no way in
the hallway but it looks really weird we
know actually we're going for the
moderns of things we're for the new one
no be scarier than the old one no the
old ones amazing i doing he was always
scarier cuz it like old stuff doesn't
look so realistic look pretty recently
also I don't know but I i would like to
show that menu v i would like to show
you the old one furthest because it's
amazing but because this is like a prick
but this is a prequel so I think okay
well I'm having a cushion to hide behind
oh I'm such a wimp I can't deal with
scary films you've gone down in my
estimations by met one normal or one
percent at this point well that was
given your estimations of me were so
high before cuz naught point naught
naught 1 percenters like nothing
compared to a thousand million percent
ok guys so we just finished the thing
yeah we make and it was actually really
good I really liked it it was kind of
gruesome and scary listen to the creepy
music oh um and Whoopi gave up hope and
didn't look after me after we ran our
popcorn that dog is like obsessed with
popcorn she's such a strange answer
wasn't very happy you did good man are
you up for watching the old one
I don't know yes when we watch that cuz
it's actually quite good and i'm not
really scared of like a li any stuff
ghosty stuff scares me more but yes that
is it for creepy halloween is actually
really dark in here hope you guys can
see us i hope you guys all had an
amazing Halloween and thank you so much
for watching vlog toba a lot of people
have been asking whether or not i'm
going to be vlogging when we're in la
the answer is yes but not every single
day let's keep your poverty as a bit
better there don't dude um yeah it's
really creepy music ma yeah I'm gonna be
vlogging a little bit in LA but not
every single day so we will see very
soon thanks for watching as always and
I'll see you next time
