well hello what are you doing someone
got stuck in the rain hi guys it's vlog
Toba day 30 and today we have a mission
an actual mission what is today's
mission that's a good question is not
good angle for you know saved today's
mission
I don't know I know the today's mission
is not to speak so loudly my ear ah
today's mission is to get on the packing
train because we leave for LA the day
after tomorrow but but but but we have
an awful lot oh hi hi brac hey don't we
have an awful lot of washing this is
clean washing that we need to fold an
iron and a lot of that means to go into
our suitcases I've been trying to pack
upstairs and it's such a mess it's not
good and there's just mess everywhere
and the painter has started today so
we've got these kind of cracks because
the house that we live in actually got
replastered before we moved in which is
about three years it's a really old
house and it was it wasn't like derelict
but there was no one living in it for
like ten years before we moved in so we
redid it all and apparently I didn't
know this before but apparently when
plaster kind of like sets off you
painted it lots of cracks turn up so as
you can see we've got some cracks there
we've got some cracks here we've got
some more cracks all the way down the
side they're generally quite a lot of
cracks and that's just in the kitchen so
yeah we've got some more up here two
more cracks how nice
so yeah the painter has started today
and he's gonna be kind of jazzing up the
painting the painting the walls is not
actually really changing color anywhere
apart from like I think the kitchens
gonna go one shade lighter of yellow and
the hallways gonna go one shade lighter
of cream so literally nothing's changing
apart from the fact that it's fresh
paint and no cracks so yeah
and no wolf tail marks because she get
some money tail and likes to work her
tail but I have started packing up we
take you upstairs Mike's watching The
Hobbit trailer and he got annoyed
because I started vlogging and then just
the same time he started playing The
Hobbit trailer these are our paint
swatches on the world with small guys
Oh exciting and we're actually going for
that one because these are too dark and
that's too blue so yeah so in here as
you can see this is how far I've got to
pack in so far I've just got piles and
piles of stuff like everywhere and then
I've got the suitcases here so yeah we
need to get cracking with the ironing
and the packing and all of that jazz not
really an exciting thrilling vlog for
you this evening because that is pretty
much what we are doing but I'm so so
excited to go to LA I was thinking about
doing a sorry mr. Hobbit I was just
saying um I was thinking about doing
like an LA meter or something but I
don't know whether dragon would be able
to do that as we find like some ways to
do it
no know if you guys are based in LA if
you would like to meet us and we could
maybe do a meet-up we're gonna be there
for 10 days so we've got like two weeks
basically to organize it if we do do it
but if you live in LA and you'd like to
come meet us let us know also if you
have any suggestions of where to do it
also let us know yeah I'll update you a
bit later with the ironing and packing
action and potentially with some dinner
- good bye so we're having a bit of the
mission break here Mike's having his
dinner fish and chips I just ate a wrap
and I forgot to book it because I was so
hungry I just went ah and it was gone
you a gym rat rat actually yeah I found
the rat Outsiders ate it raw even growly
will be very happy my hair's a mess oh
yeah that is cool it's got a curly but
as you can see by the piles we are
getting further with the clothing
mission that's actually my packing pile
behind me and then this is the put away
pile oh joy so we have accomplished the
ironing mission
but we haven't accomplished the packing
mission I think that maybe one for
tomorrow as well what should we take to
LA apparently it's warm but not super
duper hot
it's like UK summer basically that mean
let us know if you live in LA are you
wearing shorts right now or you rain
jeans right now you've so that unique
jacket nice wit this is like this is
like oh yeah jumpers are like we just
walk around in bikinis and yeah yeah
tell will be the Taurus easy Mikey just
walk around in a bikini yeah guys like
to walk around no any anyway see you
tomorrow
I'll see you tomorrow for Halloween
