hey guys it's vlog Toba day 29 and today
is Monday I have just got back from the
gym hence I look very ghoulish as usual
with the crazy lighting in this room
that comes here and looks really really
attractive so this morning I've just
been editing this video which is me and
Louise who you might recognize from a
sprinkle of quit look at this this still
is quite funny we're both laughing we
are doing an 8 a set of Beauty tag which
should be up it will be up by the time
you watch this video because I'm a
couple of days behind over the weekend
because I had a bit of a chilled out
weekend yeah so if you haven't seen that
already I'll put a link in the bar below
and you guys can go check it out because
we had a lot of fun filming it and yeah
Louise is just hilarious so yes I am
just headed off in to town to pick up
some food for lunch and do a few jobs
with my friend Georgie who it's next
door say hi Georgie and yeah I'll
probably update you with lunch because
we'll probably cook something rather
tasty for lunch today and I will show
you what we were eating and that is
about it it was actually a really really
nice day today outside it was like super
blue sky and you know when those
beautiful autumnal days where it's all
the red leaves and like blue skies
sunshine but now it is really cloudy and
miserable and there is a wasp on the
window I swear we have this like crazy
wasp infestation in our house at the
moment there were five in this room this
morning so yeah that's not cool and
that's random Anna will speak to you
later
lunch time for lunch I'm actually doing
one of my favorite kind of cheating
soups the Covent Garden Soup Company
which I'm pretty sure it's just in
England if you're in England you'll
assume that's probably because it's kind
of in all the supermarket's but the Thai
chicken one is really really good so
we're doing soup and a salad this is
actually Mike's favorite so I got two of
them the other one I've just put in the
fridge one for Mike two and then we're
doing a salad so I have some salad I
have some tomatoes if I can get them out
of the bag okay tomatoes got some olives
curiously cinnamon cereal which is
exactly the same as cinnamon toast
crunch if you're in the States
it's like my favorite cereal ever in the
world
some chicken pellets which like kind of
my favorite this sweet chili ones are
really good some pasta for Mike his
favorite
I forgot to vlog it before I started
eating it guys but here is my lunch
Turner and now I'm going to carry on
eating it and here's whoops okay because
she's not allowed any hey guys so it is
about quarter six now I still haven't
managed to do my hair put any makeup on
and that is just generally an ultimate
fail isn't it for the day but I've been
super duper busy editing stuff and
writing blog posts and all of that jazz
and um worth what are you doing
someone has been a little bit rampant
this afternoon and has been humping her
bed charming as she does I don't think
she's quite realized that she's a girl
you're a girl woof you're a lady not a
boy no what do you mean crazy dog this
monster is back and it's only quarter to
six but I'm really hungry
like ridiculously hungry I don't even
know why I think it's probably this I
worked out this morning and yeah but
you're not because you had a McDonald's
for dinner piglet
so this vlog is basically gonna become
like what I've eaten today which is kind
of a weird vlog I guess but for dinner I
think I'm gonna cook some quinoa I
really love quinoa so I think I'm just
gonna cook some of that with some
veggies and some chicken I think and I'm
gonna put that on now because otherwise
it will take like half an hour to cook
and I'm hungry now so I'm gonna put it
on now and then I will show you that I'm
gonna go and jump in the shower and yes
we have a couple of videos to film and
yes today's been a weird vlog very
strange busted again whoopee busted
again are you spent your son's life
what's on tonight
tonight yes you know Naughty Dog what's
on tonight gear special I thought it was
gonna be something exciting 50 years of
James Bond that actually could be quite
good about like they're gonna have lots
of Aston Martin's possibly making other
tasty tasty quinoa whoa
the camera has fogged up a little bit
there we go so here's my dinner guys it
looks so weird I must seem like a very
strange person but I just have my quinoa
and peas and tomatoes and chicken and
then the microwave just Bing because I
have a rap that I'm actually a half
without I mean I'm kind of this sounds
like a weird dinner but I've just made
it up as I go along I'm just gonna have
like a wrap with all this stuff in it
and see how it goes but it should be
tasty I'm gonna chow down on this now
and I will speak to you later hey guys
so I've just finished editing a couple
of videos and I'm not entirely sure
what's going on I have found a little
furry monster though are you having a
nice evening with a little growly noise
hey say hi to everybody
oh you're gorgeous so wolfy is there
being a monkey and I think mic to force
is downstairs Michael what are you doing
are you cleaning we're having the house
painted when we're away so we're having
to clean and like tidy up the whole of
everything like you know when you have
your house painted you can't have
anything light on the side so having a
good clear out and we've got to clear
out everything in the cupboard you see
this covered here that's the cupboard
where we put all of our food and
everything's like the pantry that is
gonna take a while that is are you
watching the Top Gear special is
finished and I'm watching the news and
hoping any of you guys that are on the
East Coast listing say yeah I just
tweeted it's pretty
carry guys I hope you only came for the
most he's close to the stage yeah I feel
really scared if that was where we were
sending all of check you out the Taylor
Swift lover okay yeah that is it hey
guys hope you have enjoyed today's vlog
there's only two more days left of vlog
cover we'll see you tomorrow when you
say there's only two more days er
surely there'll be more in the future
there may be more vlogging after October
but there's only two more days left of
October goodbye
