hey guys and welcome to vlog tober day
28 it doesn't take a rocket scientist to
work out the were actually filming
yesterday's video and today's video back
to workers let's face it we're in the
same position on the same sofa I'm
wearing the same pajamas and I've got
the same badge on the same badge on we
had a bit of a chilled out weekend and
we didn't vlog it so we thought we would
do tag videos we're being joined by a
cast as well this is stealth yeah so
we're doing two tag videos intro hope
you guys don't mind cuz they're awesome
tags today's tag is gonna be one that we
got tagged in by Nikki Phillip by our
good friend who were gonna see next week
which is very exciting
whoops probably about to throw down at
the cat right now so this tag is gonna
be the fast food tag so we're gonna tell
you about on top five places to eat fast
food and what we order now we've kind of
taken with the term fast food fairly
broadly because we did this is a lust
challenge with all mega scary movies we
took it quite broadly no because that's
what I think you're scary is different
to what you think is scary but um we
don't have to eat a lot of burger fast
food really like then there's not
actually that much choice in England in
terms of fast food compared to the
states so we have taken a few like we've
cooled some restaurants fast food that
some people might consider not fast food
but in our opinion like fast money they
might you just go in order it quickly
and leave but at the same time is
something that you can eat like take one
with you know to take away the personas
take away is fast food okay so number
five we've said it's Starbucks because
you can get you can take it away and
from Starbucks I always order the chai
tea latte with soy milk and no water and
then if we eat anything I usually get
the ham cheese quest on which Mike
always orders you just stolen our food
Harry and then sometimes I get the fruit
cup there as well that's quite good food
stealer
well my favorite beverage from there is
a hot chocolate with a bit of whipped
cream on top
tasty tasty and then I then as she just
said that she stole of my food which is
having cheese
and then if I'm saying the osmium Pro
well second afternoon that like a
caramel chocolate bread seriously good
maybe taste you did like those waffles
lesser waffles or for lunchtime like
salmon and cream cheese bagel hmm oh
yeah so number four for our favorite
fast-food joints is the old classic
McDonald's not your most healthy option
but then again no fast food is really
from McDonald's if I am not feeling good
and order what I want to eat rather than
what is a healthy option I will go for a
quarter pound of a cheese meal and I
usually get a diet coke or lemonade and
that is very tasty but if I am feeling
good I usually get the crispy chicken
salad which is still not great for you
but it's much better in terms of like
being fattening and greasy and cheesy
and yeah so that's quite good
mmm no when it comes to me this is a
bone that probably a lot of you are
gonna find very offensive what I'm about
to say but I actually don't like ketchup
so weird
you're like a weirdest person ever which
is worse cat is weird so as I was saying
before the camera rudely interrupt
really ran out the space on the card is
that with not seven mayonnaise it's one
of my biggest problems really chafing so
I actually go salsa or any kind of sauce
basically I like sour cream and
mayonnaise
you don't like barbecue sauce I don't
mind it I don't really choose out of it
I always have my always have barbecue
sauce with my McDonald's chips you do
best
yes so I actually ordered a plain cheese
called Hamlin which you know when you go
and collect it the word another like
please put up in Bay two we have to sit
wait for five minutes
move on those idiots that doesn't see
it's the ordered special meal so yeah I
have that I'm normally large teeth
pounder with chips and a cookie he's
mine or McDonald's but there is also the
skillet breakfast nook
yes sausage named McMuffin meal I
actually don't think the breakfast there
is it's always better I always imagined
it to be better and that I have it in a
little it's so rare that I have it that
I like it I have my lunches do you have
been easy but you have rentals today so
number three and our top fast food
places to eat is one has only just come
over to the UK so it's actually fairly
tricky to get all of that he was two of
them in London maybe a few more minutes
Chipotle well as I thought it was
pronounced when I first saw it cheap
bottle I usually get a beef burrito that
are you to be honest I changing up
pretty much every time I have it but I
always have work remotely in it and I
usually have a little bit of cheese and
I don't really like the rice too much
rice in it like more like salad II see I
love it was one of my favorite places we
go to get Mexican yeah but I love the
burritos and I normally go with chicken
rice and love the rice in it and I also
go for a little bit of salad cheese and
sour cream everything good so not much
you in our top places to eat fast food
is one that some people may not consider
fast food but we have because it is
ultra fast it is already there and ready
and waiting and going around on a little
belt when you get there is no sushi no
and this is actually one of the places
that we eat a lot yeah very good
it's a favorite and what I get when I go
there I get the spicy tuna hand roll I
usually get some miso soup and I also
usually get either some tuna and salmon
sashimi so it's actually quite healthy
for the compatible arrests which are
really unhealthy this is all mine and my
sushi normally I love the salmon little
summer yeah
and then once anyway yeah and then
summon to the t1 teriyaki no with us no
with the rice and then the salmon on top
New Year Akina give me someone to give
nology we shall read tasty and then I
then go back to the usual as you'd
expect I love yo seafood chicken katsu
curry that is amazing one of my favorite
things show you how they are not and I
also love chicken Gaia's or vegetable
Dozo
she's one of they're also my favorite
things number one of our favorite fast
food places to eat ever in the whole
world forever
how do you guess what it is maybe in and
out but they don't have them in English
yet they don't have them on the East
Coast they have them for a day in London
the other day and we queued up for
twelve twelve hours two hours together
and it was mighty tasty and we were
Julie now week we were gonna eat and
in-and-out burger I mean times and it's
gonna be tasty it's gonna be amazing
there's not that many things that you
can order that I usually get a
cheeseburger animal style with fries I
don't actually like the fries animal
style I've had a few times I will start
I prefer them just playing see again I
have a double double double cheeseburger
obviously I have the plain again as I
explained before with my like dolls
issues something in and out of my dolls
if you're listening please yeah why
don't I like crazy
you are all crazy yeah let us know what
your favorite fast-food place to eat is
and what you like to order in the
comments section below this video below
Werth is where the magic Werth is
sitting on the comment section here if
he is like a Quincy is the queen of the
comment section
she will moderate the comments like
crazy she's gonna be like I will tell
you all of therefore you wrote it mean
comment yes and we will see you tomorrow
blow dobut a blog Toba day 29 is in the
end of october how crazy crazy stuff bye
see you tomorrow bye
you
