well hello everyone I'm welcome he's
Khawaja for you it was welcome to vlog
Tober day 27 today we are getting cozy
on the sofa with little woof monster can
they see UFC hi she's sleeping um and as
halloween is coming up we thought we
would do a very special top 5 video of
our favorite spooky movie we're not
really doing people halloween halloween
isn't what its getting bigger but it's
not that big of a thing in England so um
yeah we're just gonna talk about our
favorite scary movies now I'm not really
that into like really really really
really scary movies I like the kind of
slightly funny scary ones so just a
little bit of a disclaimer to start off
with do you want to start with your face
candy well my in at number five Number
five from the 5 i'm going to go for an
old-school classic which scared the
living bejesus out of me as a young man
watch this I couldn't is epic and that
is the blair witch project which is a
really cool film about some guys that go
hunting in the woods you can tell it's
fairly old cuz you have it DVD not yeah
DVD pretty old school but i don't really
see nurse retro on 1994 students
disappeared oh the woods oh I couldn't
well that's so good the ending is like
freaking out when I was kid like watch i
do something there was what hyped up as
a schoolboy and no one would watch it
and then want it's just a bit extra
stupid i ended up sitting in a room on
my own and watched it in the middle of
the night and why should I on you're a
pretty much crazy care Jesus out of
myself but this is a really cool film
and it's my number 5 ultimate scary okay
my number 5 is a fairly recent one its
shutter island with leonardo dicaprio
not your classic like a horror but it's
creepy isn't it it's like more of a
suspense thriller um but it's really
good Martin Scorsese Leo DiCaprio
generally
amazing and here's the woman is it
Michelle Williams isn't it yeah I think
it is very good I enjoyed this immensely
and because i'm a bit of a scaredy cat
gillian right mine in at number 4 showed
out how the DVD for so i'm gonna do this
haha which is a real fail because it is
digital um that is the shining bit of a
fail it's always on TV that's yes got
home a lot lit that I've got two other
movies that are always on sky and this
is one shining is like the show leaf and
cleansing scary film awesomeness I just
love its final water somewhere and i
scared the living bejesus out of me it's
not an amazing amazing amazing amazing
amazing was it your before in at my
number for Mike would argue this isn't
really a scary movie but for me it's a
little bit scary because I have a mild
obsession with zombies would you would
you agree with that statement like I'm
big zombie fan but I'm also a little bit
scared of zombies so in at number four
is zombieland that's not a horror film
that's a common it is kind of creepy
it's not it's a comedy okay good comedy
and it's slightly scary because it has
an awesome cameo from the neck that I
will not say because it will ruin it but
it fits my Halloween though right
because Halloween isn't always about
super scary spots about zombies this is
the most ultimate scary movies of all
time and that's not it well I hope
that's my number four well in it my
number right love Emma Stone all right
actually love cover in at number three
again this is one I don't have a DVD cos
is always on TV and it is epic and the
franchise a lot that said but is alien
the first alien is amazing the second
area is amazing and I think I've had
seen only one it's a shocker isn't it
I'm tomorrow to behind or the other way
we're going to buy any alien vs predator
we're going to my inbox and I'm gonna um
oh we need its watching what you are
going to be baptized why don't forget it
and watch on the way to LA watch all of
the aliens who you'll fall asleep person
yeah well for sure but it is a mess
number three for me this is a hard
decision because I always say this is
one of my favorite for tourists this is
my favorite film ever um but I have to
say it's probably not my favors not
really hora either but it's kind of its
like a tease hora two local boys but
it's about fun looking a scary look icky
for on the back of that you as scary as
hell face it Keefe is always scary um
yeah the Lost Boys classic 80s vampire
movie brilliant for Halloween come on
like it's not the scariest film ever
it's not really scary at all but really
apparently watch it tonight we have to
like how Halloween watching now we're
watching what we're watching my number
one or two which I haven't decided I'm
literally and on the spot yeah unless
but I'll tell you on when we'll be
watching this evening um I'm going over
number two now this probably isn't
that's not a scary movie no this is a
scary movie but it's like it's a
thriller like it's ask is it's not like
a monster it was made in the 70s wasn't
it like that it would have been ski but
it was like skerries in like it's like
people skills so it's funny but I
actually love this bit of bird classic
deliverance this is one of the most epic
films of all time one of my probably top
five favorite films what's kind of
actress but yeah how is this is an
unopened version with this year she
texted obviously has two copies but I
love Burt Reynolds and this is amazing
fluency if you've never seen it you have
to watch it is it good for bubble bobble
um my number four or is it number two
we're going backwards that way is a
series president well yeah Resident Evil
another zombie one I a big big big big
resident evil fan I love the video games
when it's whistle they played quite a
large part of growing up for me because
my brother and his friends always used
to play them and I kind of like snuck in
and played with Philip who you guys will
have seen in some of my vlogs and yeah
the films are like arguably like a
little bit cringy but there do you mean
I still awesome like these already
three or four isn't it yes life one is
up there someone who can find it um yeah
I love resident evil and we want to see
the new one recently the new one was
really good yes I love resident evil in
at my number one vittal star mobile
number one for now this is an epic movie
i actually only found that found this
movie recently that was your
brother-in-law oh I've written as well
to be actually introduced to this and it
is 70s why is it have the new one no
this is the old one and I think the
thing that makes this most amazing and i
think there's about any kind of horror
movie the 70s had a real like
imagination like the prosthetics kind of
like CGI instead are computed sort of
imagery the BNL it's just so much more
lifelike and real unlike like this movie
is I may I have you jumped I don't jump
very much it is so cool but this is what
we will be watching tonight is nice it's
horrible we have to do we watch tonight
no its front this is what I'm gonna
watch please the thing I feel what you
hundred said what it was you it is just
amazing such a good film reel this is a
true horror but not like zombie stopper
this is like a true horror and if you
haven't ever seen it like in all you
watch it go watch it watch it number one
for me I actually don't have the DVD I
have the the sequel DVD because it's in
our collection somewhere we do have it
don't we I debt i left at my mum's it is
another zombie film 28 days later
pretend that says days not weeks um 28
days later was it's not that short my
favorite phone yeah I couldn't find it
it must be at my mom's I thing and it
was my all-time favorite film when I was
a teenager and I absolutely love it it's
probably the scariest scary film that I
really actually like because it is a
scary zombie if I hadn't chosen this
this wouldn't probably been in one on 32
or what wait weeks later is also very
very good but 28 days later is also
massive massive fans this film yeah um
and yeah Danny Boyle yeah
oh yeah the girl in the second one
actually I really want to see we were
talking about her she's third time she's
come up like this week she's called
Imogen poops and I really want to know
what else she's going to be in or
husband in because she was awesome in
this film and then you never saw us
together the other day like something I
move the other day by comment on what it
was I really want to watch this now
because it's pretty good but yeah that
is it for our top five or ten because
there's two of us 10 but oh model but
obviously scary films let us know in the
comment section below what your favorite
scary film is and what you're going to
be watching this Halloween if you're not
out partying and dressing like a crazy
monster well how do I think some
Wednesday is it so I think a lot of
people will be staying in on Halloween
night but going out either this saturday
or last Saturday what are you doing
Halloween I'm not nothing staying with
you everything she move it this was this
one let us know which one is what you
think we watch tonight or on Halloween
this one this one this one see you
tomorrow goodbye
you
