good morning from New York guys this
morning we're having a bit of a slow
start me and mom just had room service
she's now in my room like hurry the hell
up
take it a little bit while I want to
show my outfit before we head out today
because I am loving it this coat is from
Mars I got it in the Christmas sale but
absolutely love it so so just nice and
easy to wear and then I have on a white
shirt from Topshop which I'll show you
in a sec a sheet then I'll just undo
this and show you guys it's basically a
tie waisted shirt I've had since last
summer but I just absolutely love it I
think it's really classic and nice like
a long line white shirt with a tie
around the waist and then it has slits
up the side as well and then I have on
my Marge leather leggings on underneath
it
my Valentino boots and then I have my
little Gucci bag as well yeah that is my
outfit for today no this morning we're
actually heading out to get a gel
manicure at one of my favorite places in
New York paint bogs so also my super
excited I'm actually excited to take
them on there as well because I feel
like I might be able to convince her to
do something jazzy on her nails how do
you feel about now all good
no so this is wearing that my nails are
because they do the most amazing their
life so I just finished my nails guys
how awesome is this actual white marble
nail varnish
so already noisy right grabbing two
months before heading anyway so I got
muscles guys look at these other pots
really hot they look amazing though best
fries in the world month of burger which
also looks to make you like destroyed it
I know but it's actually really good is
it tasty so just arrived at the
beautiful Armani event in a penthouse
look at its new guys and they have the
dress that Cape conscious wearing
inaudible which is unbelievably
beautiful
look at this amazing view guys so look
it's like rowing in New York Bay it's
crazy Mexico tomorrow but it is so warm
and funny and be usable and what New
York so we've just been learning about
the notes in the new perfume they're
these threa in all of the Armani
fragrances the Sheep blonde wood and
neck to the cassis and then they've
added a blend rose and it smell amazing
so I've just got back to my room I've
got about 20 minutes to get changed but
I wanted to show you guys this because
it made me laugh who put my jacket on
the mannequin how funny is that guys and
this is pretty exciting but there's
paparazzi all outside the hotel and if
you guys can see them I liked down here
waiting because some of the girls are
staying in this hotel apparently that's
pretty cool so we've just got ready to
go to the theater we're actually going
to see Kate Blanchette who is obviously
the face of Armani see in perform in her
play called present or Broadway really
excited we're going to Jennifer in a
drinks reception afterwards so I will
show you my second outfit of the day so
it's just like this black jumpsuit with
the tie mum's holding the camera so here
we go down yeah there you go
so that's what it looks like hello my
office of evening
we've arrived with youth on their path
amazing how she really really like make
it hot within it really trying to avoid
falling asleep excited wait wasn't tired
mum on the other hand like a pint of
wine so I just got back to my room the
play was amazing so so good I'd really
recommend it if any of you guys are in
New York I don't actually know how long
it's playing for it niggas for that much
longer but we actually got the chance to
meet Kate afterwards as well and she was
just honestly one of my favorite people
I've seen in real life you know he would
just glow and she was just very super
sophisticated and super nice as well
very very nice so you had such a nice
evening and I'm gonna head to bed now
it's about midnight so way past my
bedtime I'm gonna wash my makeup off get
into my PJs and hopefully sleep longer
than I did last night but so she meant
to snow as well as meant to be like a
foot and a half no in between 5 a.m. and
10 a.m. tomorrow so by the time I see
you tomorrow there might be like crazy
crazy snow I don't really have the right
kind of clothes and footwear with me but
we will see how we go on hopefully it's
not gonna be a crazy blizzard but yeah
that's going to be it for this evening
see you guys in the morning
bye
