so it is Blanco birthday 26 and it's
alive and my can I remember me and say
please we had to bring people's in the
points on his iPhone to fix it this
morning here we are in and it's like
Christmas we turn these sweeties and
they have the biggest Paperchase
ever like maybe I'm just gonna stand in
this tree maybe we might find some of
the christmas gift guides we are also
other thing we're doing ammonium is
looking for guests for the christmas
gift my videos which are my favorite
videos to film like of the whole year
because they involve shopping and gifts
on Christmas there's three best things
in the world and it's all and yeah we're
gonna be giving away again this year as
we did last year
which is awesome so keep an eye out for
those they won't be up until like
mid-november I've got some crazy hair
going on moment cray-cray
shall we have a browse
gifts from the man look at these Oh
Monica this is epic does anyone like
drumstick lolis where are we now Mike
the gadget area what is this
maybe that for Christmas gift got a
crossbow yes it's in the budget how much
is it the black well it's expensive the
black was 20 that the yellow ones 13
you're a child Christmas and this is
what I wanna rock all of my Christmas
presents in this year how cool is this
wrapping weather
none of your business is that a hot
chocolate
the chop-chop I've got water for buddy
dehydrators day and like just a bit Oh
crazy I've been weird all day you know
they have a Primark section in the men's
bit of Selfridges how cool is that and
it's annoying like they'll have like the
best pips of men's primer it's quite
cool but they don't have a girls don't
you
take my suitcase very much but you know
what would say it would be
well hello there my hair is honestly
crazy today it looks like I've been
dragged back I'm having a bad hair day
guys a very bad hair day we are just
leaving look at what the bullring looks
like from outside you know if you
haven't been to Birmingham before oh and
here's Birmingham skyline going on there
yeah we just want our way home now and
tonight ready for some traffic jams
because it is Friday night we are going
to see and I keep on wanting to go don't
don't don't don't don't don't don't
that's mission impossible and Mike
reminds me that what's the song we're
going to see James Bond tonight which
Mike's book tickets on the opening night
okay fine I'm not a massive James Bond
fan but I will go along as long as I can
have some popcorn consider me I'm gonna
get dragged to twine yeah I didn't even
know when Twilight comes out so come on
America you guys know what date Twilight
comes out let us know in the infobar it
would be awesome no no I could just
google it I could just google it Mike's
like no I don't want to see it now
and B yeah that's what we're doing
tonight we're going for dinner before in
your time glamorous if we get time
because it's already already nearly
successful only six o'clock and but the
film the film tomorrow
we've got a dog gotta get hurt
dog Oh tire squeaking don't make me no
no I don't want you to make me your
tires community dinner but yeah we're
going home to walk the dog and then
we're going to the cinema Mike take me
out TGI Friday's on a romantic cold day
the most classy of romantic dates the
only thing with TGI Fridays they do
really good cocktails but I never want a
cocktail before I go to the cinema
because then I'll probably fall asleep
to be honest so yeah it's just a bad
situation we need to go to TGI Fridays
when we're not going to the cinema yes
but they do do the best hot wings and
I'm definitely gonna have some hot wings
warming up for America nice from the hot
wing monster so I'm just in the car
waiting for Mike we are headed off to
TGI Fridays because it is Friday and
we're gonna get some dinner and then
we're gonna go and see Skyfall this is
called Skyfall I think it's powerful I'm
not the massive it's James Bond fan to
be honest I'm like I like it but I'm not
like huge like crazy crazy crazy about
it and Mike loves it so we are off to
see it we've booked tickets and
everything because it was almost sold
out that's why we're going to the late
showing as well it's actually freezing
at the moment if any of you guys are
inning then you'll know how cold it's
been it's literally like it's been so
kind of not mild but just not that cold
not really coat weather and the rest of
this week and today it's just bitter
like I've been wearing jeans today and
you know when you walk outside and you
can just feel the cold on your legs
instantly even though you have Jean yeah
so we're off to TGI Friday oh god here
we go again hot wings hot wings hot
wings boneless hot wings to be more
precise salad
what are you eating like before Alex
decidedly like a large cheeseburger
right there and he's got these as well
cheeky monkey
so I'm so cold but I thought it was
really good awesome super gay there's
lots of explosions
sweetie I'm toid my employer watching
today guys I'm really really tired it's
like midnight right now and I'm shaky
cuz I'm so cold all I want to do is get
into bed and snuggle up with my work man
so I will see you all tomorrow for
October day 27
