okay guys let's look over day 24 and
today I'm in London again it's always
good to keep my recommended eating tasty
well about to eat some tasty dim sum
look at this guys I've gone scarlet and
shiitake dumpling I've got Blackpool and
dumpling and Charlie bun yum yum yum and
Gemma has some vegetarian rice which
actually looks really really good here
and more veggie stuff is coming I'm so
hungry
I'm gonna child out on this now goodbye
I just picked up some amazing stuff from
my peer box how exciting is that
and I have had loads of sweets for the
last couple of days from you guys who
have got my letters which is awesome
because I spent like a whole day
replying to letters the other day so I'm
glad that you like them and I will try
and get replying to some of these you
have to just do it like a full day like
anyone say but yeah we are where you go
I'm going to
I'm going home this is random but yes
that's pretty much it nothing we don't
know we just went for dim sum and had a
good old catch-up
really yeah we Louise yeah and it looks
like the most awesome club bust ever I
did ask them if I could rent it for my
hen day and they looked a bit worried
about it so maybe not but yeah hey guys
so I just got home and look who I found
hello the most bestest of the best boys
ever in the world really no maybe I
thought I would open some of my peer box
stuff how do you fancy that like I've
got this huge bag of stuff and there's
some really exciting looking boxes in
here so maybe I should open them on
camera and see what's in them will you
hold the camera
how about what uh what about your supper
that I've got a platter the other way to
hold on to your camera for a second
because I've got to go I'm snack so
we're having a naughty dinner we're
having pizza very naughty I'm gonna try
and set this up so I can make I don't
think my there we go hopefully that will
stain you when something goes flat on
your back so I've got these awesome box
this one is from the USA
this is frog on the front crazy the US
of A should we see what is inside it I
don't kill myself with the scissors
exciting I love it when I pick up my
fear mom stuff is like Christmas lights
like a parent I get too excited oh this
is cool look at this little it's got a
little fleur de lis tag on it that says
Fleur and the card with a peacock on it
and this is fun this is from Emily so
I'm not gonna read out her letter or the
internet because Wow whoops get it look
was like what it's for me it's for me oh
my god this is amazing
some note cards how cool night with
fleur-de-lis zone then whoops like
they're not dog food at lunch
there's Christmas decoration literally
like Christmas come early there's an
awesome bracelet oh my god guys so what
happened there it is magically the next
day it is vlog Tober day 25 Mike's
laptop is speaking and what happened
there Mike why is it now the next day
basically when I was recording at that
clip that you just saw right there my i
phone ran out of battery so I was like
okay I'll just use my iPhone grabbed my
iPhone and films like the next five
minutes of the video basically just like
looking through my pierre box staff
getting some awesome stuff from you guys
and just talking about it this morning i
woke up super early like a keen being
ready to edit my video and get it all
done and I couldn't find Mike's phone so
I was like oh my god like where's your
phone Mike I have literally turned the
house upside down so didn't want to wake
him up so
to wake him up a smuggler I can't find
your phone anywhere where is it and he
was like let me just check I haven't
done something really really really
really really really dumb and put my new
brand new week old iPhone 5 in the
washing machine which he had done and
now where is it Mike here it is poor
little iPhone 5 is dead so I've lost my
footage from yesterday and that's the
second time this has happened this month
I think I've learned something from this
experience never to vlog on Mike's
iPhone because it seems like I'm cursed
when I vlog on Mike's iPhone his iPhone
breaks so I'm blaming you are you
blaming me too
no because if she'd have charged a
battery then would've unplugged my
iPhone from being plugged in and then it
wouldn't have gone in my pocket and damn
you iPhone for making Apple for making
it to lights I don't realize why I'm
going to go see all right serves you
right for being us now these happen
having an iPhone 5 anyway are you going
to buy it because you're always broken -
yeah Mike's not a happy bunny
but guys to finish off yesterday's vlog
thank you so much to everybody who send
something to my Pierre box I'm not
actually gonna re film opening it
because I just feel like it's not was
kind of authentic and fun then but I
will write you all individually to say
thank you and thank you so much to
everybody who sent me something cuz it
really was a fun experience and it was a
cool video - phone guttered it got
deleted but today I'm just gonna roll of
logs into one because it makes sense
today I am going over to my mum's to
help her with a kind of like coffee
morning thing that we're doing for
breast cancer because October is Breast
Cancer Awareness Month and we thought it
would be nice so I'm gonna lose Tesco's
and locate some pink drinks and snacks
to be served this is actually not a
coffee morning it's like in the evening
as five til 9:00 so yeah I need to go
and find pink snacks and I will take you
along
with me Oh also the present that I was
opening yesterday from Emily who sent it
also sent my mum a gift which is here so
I'm gonna film my mum opening that for
early because that package was really
really awesome and yes I'll see you in a
bit
Ruby how are we going to go through a
wall if you see oh boy these sits on the
wellies how are we gonna do this you
want to go for a walk
walkies you sated so guys I just gave
this package time up how excited I was
free but was like hey is from a girl
called Emily everybody
that's a bracelet so guys I'm just
stocking up on some of mums
homemade French onion soup which is the
best and it's actually freezing freezing
freezing cold today so it's like the
best thing ever
mr. grumpy still grumpy aren't you
having a bad day sorry about my lips it
looks like a really it looks black on
camera it doesn't look like that in real
life does it it's like the colour of
Mike City it looks like it's actually
like oh no it's actually like burgundy
but it looks really dark on camera I
look like a goth is it wrong
Ron Burgundy hey guys so it is now
half-past nine and we've just got back
from charity theme above and it went
well didn't
lots of money for breast cancer care
which is always given now we are cooking
some late dinner because we haven't had
you did again so we got scrambled eggs
well obviously that's just melted butter
mic scrambling the eggs it's a joint
family family effort yeah so we're
supposed to be doing the two yeah dad's
meant to be doing the toast things
actually do the baked beans I'm staring
to the toast and the eggs and mic
spamming the eggs and I'm filming so I
need to go and actually do something cuz
I'm the only one that's all do you think
I'll get drinks so yeah that's probably
it for today guys I don't know if
there's anything anyone else - anything
exciting today what have you done done
is that is that the highlight of your
day it takes a lot of precision cooking
baked beans
milk is the milk gone off frozen for
some reason we've all gone into like a
flurry of activity from being really
relaxed and like just like oh yeah we've
also never like yes we're cooking
breakfast food for dinner at 9:30 yeah
they were supposed to pick up the
takeaway and they waited until we were
like there what do you want
well I it's too late to get one now oh
yeah mister no phone yeah but dad was
with you and dad has my number
silly silly mic washing his phone we see
tomorrow for long hubber
day 26 mike you say goodbye
you
