well hello and welcome to October d23
can I just start by saying a massive
massive massive thank you to all of you
for yesterday I I know I've said thank
you a lot at the last review as well but
I honestly like yesterday was probably
one of my best days in YouTube land ever
I really Taylor Swift was obviously
absolutely amazing but it killed me that
I couldn't tell you guys so being able
to actually like tell you all and your
reaction to it was just awesome so thank
you for being there for me and writing
or some comments it was really cool so
I'm in the car I'm kind of shouting
because I'm in my car and it's noisy and
it's raining Mike's here and what here
arrow would be and the other dogs a bit
of an altercation that was his birthday
sorry lanes merge and someone was not up
for doing the one-on-one merging you
know how it goes one person word then
the other Lane then one person it's just
kind of how it worked was merging isn't
it he was not for doing that he just
wanted to go yeah we've got the yeah
we're pickin we've got the other dogs in
the back along with mics well he's in
the back that's because they are going
back to my mum's house today I'm off to
the train station I'm going to London I
have quite a busy day actually I've got
a few meetings and I'm actually at my
haircut and I got my hair done last week
but I only got it colored because I the
place where I get it colored is very
expensive so I kind of forego getting it
cut there because otherwise it's super
expensive so I'm going to Percy and read
in I think it's just behind
I think it's on Great Portland Street
but they've offered to not cut my hair
and not color it for free so yeah I'll
see it like you guys know what I think
salad I've been into selling before but
I haven't actually like had anything
done there so yeah I'm excited to get my
haircut I haven't had my hair cut in
about six months maybe even earring 7
months now which is pretty quite a long
time so the ends are getting really
really just damaged and in bad condition
so we're on the way to the train station
and
that is probably about all of the
updates I have for you do you have any
updates
no would be any updates whoa
stopping for a traffic light well if he
does not like the look of a guy that's
walking across the road the girl face
she's like what are you doing
crossing my road so we've managed to get
time to stop for a Starbucks
drive-through if he thinks that she's
getting the food delivery well I don't
think she's gonna realize I think she's
gonna bark at the lady sterner stuff
she's like yeah for me whoopee is now
mortally disappointed that she's
realized like we're not after the
something about Donald's we're still
tickets to Homer woof has a real oh
there is food there would be there is
food look woof has a real love
McDonald's whenever we go to McDonald's
she's literally like me me a chip please
and she's really she was like hanging
out the window ready to take a food like
I'm here lady give me the food silly dog
but we got Starbucks yeah and now I have
to rush my train now rush hey guys
I just got out from having my hair done
which people you will be able to tell I
didn't have much of the length but I had
some nuclear layers put in and then a
bit shorter around the front and I
really really loved it it was an awesome
experience at the Sun was really really
nice I really like the way she actually
has interesting kind of chat because a
lot of the time we go to the
hairdresser's you get a lot of like oh
so where are you going on holiday kind
of challenge she was actually like
genuinely interested in kind of my blog
and all of that kind of stuff that I had
a really good chat with so yeah really
really good experience in person read
and I would definitely go back there it
was really really good so yeah I'm just
on my way to a meeting now that I can't
really take you guys in with me
obviously that I visit with and then I'm
up to see my sister so I'll blog a
little bit with her and meeting her in
coral garden to grab a quick coffee
because I did have another meeting
booked after this but it got cancelled
last minute so me and my sister is gonna
meet up and have a little bit of a chat
because I haven't seen her this week so
yeah I'll see you in there look who I
found
we're in how do you pounce is it ladder
a ladder a ladder a whatever I've got
some macaroons Hannah's got the tasty
club sandwich is it tasty I like your
stripy jumper by the way ham story sorry
I'm having a bit blonde moment for the
second time today I've got some nice
tasty too and hello guys so I am back
home now hurrah
um I didn't vlog anymore this afternoon
because my phone ran out of battery
which is quite sucky but I am home my
exciter not here because he's gone to
pick up my parents from the airport
which is quite sweet but he's not gonna
be back until about half nine I don't
think it's called as mine now there's no
roofie here either cuz what with mics
I'm all mine lonesome I hate being on my
own at home it's really miserable so I
think I'm gonna have a nice hot bath
because it's been a long day a fun day
but a long day I'm gonna have a nice hot
bath and get into my PJs and maybe make
a nice cup of tea
um and then you know wait for Mike to
come home I don't like watching a movie
as well I don't really like know what to
watch I want to watch Vampire Diaries
but there's no new Vampire Diaries until
Friday which is very stinky so yes
what's happened since I last vlog I saw
my sister then I went to meet an awesome
girl who also does YouTube just called
Madi from clothes and curls if you guys
haven't seen her before we should go and
check her out um actually I used to know
her like not very well a long long time
ago back when we were at school and I
found her on you she was like I'm sure I
recognize this girl from somewhere and
ended up finding out it was her and so
getting back in touch and saying hey you
do YouTube too this is awesome
so I met up with her today and had a
coffee which was nice yeah and then I
rush back home and got the commuter
train home from the train station which
is always a bit crazy because like I got
to the train station like 20 minutes
early and they always have that like
everyone is waiting I was gonna vlog it
and that's my phone out of battery which
is really annoying but everyone is like
waiting watching the screens for when
the platform is announced and when the
platform is out - literally
mass exodus from the main hall of the
train station everybody's like rushing
and like cramming themselves into the
barriers it's quite a bun fight really
to get a seat but then the train is
absolutely massive and you can sit down
anyway so I don't really know why people
go kind of so crazy they think it's
gonna be like really hard to get a seat
but it's not so that was a random story
yeah that's probably it for today guys I
will see you tomorrow I'm going back to
London actually tomorrow I'm not really
sure what's gonna happen I've got this
event to go to but yes I guess I will
see you tomorrow I'll be vlogging again
from London again yeah teach for guys
bye bye and goodbye from mine
