hey guys and welcome to vlog Tobit day
22 and today isn't actually the 22nd of
october it's actually the 4th of october
and if you guys have been watching vlog
Tovar since the beginning you might
remember me mentioning something very
very very very exciting that is
happening this month that i couldn't
tell you about but i can tell you about
it today because if you guys are a fan
of said person that i am meeting today
you may know why the 22nd of october is
a special date if that isn't enough of a
clue or if you are not a Taylor Swift
fan I'm I'm so so excited I can't even
tell you guys if you guys been watching
me for a very long time you'll know what
a huge fan of Taylor Swift I am her CDs
are literally playing like on repeat in
my car the whole time for the last like
four years my friends all take me but
I'm a huge huge fan of hers and I've got
the chance to meet her and interview her
today I'm not entirely sure what the
format is going to be like I'm headed to
London now it's the morning now and I
have a few other things to do this
morning and then I have my meeting
interview type thing with her this
afternoon at 3:30 and I think I've got
15 minutes with her I'm not entirely
sure what the kind of setup is gonna be
like who else is going to be in the room
and things like that
and what I'll be able to ask her in
terms of I really want to get something
signed I really want to get a perfume
bottle signed to give away but I'm not
sure whether that would be possible but
I'm so so excited I honestly like never
thought this would happen and yeah I'm
excited to take you guys along with me I
can't actually film when I'm with her
that was a bit of bad news that I got at
the beginning of the month I can't
actually film with her originally we
thought we'd be able to actually film
interview and have a proper kind of
video interview up on my channel but I
can't do that so there is going to be a
recorded interview so I'm gonna see how
it goes I've had to like submit my
questions already so I know what I'm
gonna ask her and yeah I'm just really
really excited about it and yeah I won't
be able to film with her but I'll
definitely film my reaction afterwards
and show you guys kind of what I thought
and what happens and it's all been such
a big build-up to this it's been kind of
like in the works for a few months and
I've just
been not believing that it's gonna
happen I've been kind of just pretending
that it will fall through because I
didn't want to get excited about it but
it is today and I'm meeting her and I'm
so so excited so yeah I will update you
once I've come out from meeting her you
wish me luck guys hey guys so I just
walk out from meeting Taylor and it was
actually amazing surprisingly enough it
was actually just Clara and I in the
room it was like a one-on-one interview
there was no one else there to kind of
like I don't know sit in on it it was
actually incredible so I got to just
chat to her me and her and she was so
nice like almost slightly different to
how I imagined her she was like so
relaxed and just so like I thought she
was gonna be really nice but she was
just like really normal and friendly and
I had the worst experience Thanks so
when I went in I was sound recording the
interview for obviously like for my nose
when I have to write to art and I went
to use the app and my cell recording app
wouldn't work and so I had this moment
of like panic so there was this like
surreal moment when she looked up the
iPad or three and was like hey topic so
I've got this app I was like playing
around with my iPad so that was a moment
I never thought I would really
experience but it was really really
awesome she was honestly so nice and
ain't got to ask this many cool
questions so they will be over on my
blog post which you can read now it will
be in the improve it this is my laptop I
don't have a free hand so imagine I'm
pointing down to the information below
this video where the interview will be
and also a link to a giveaway video
because I actually was lucky enough to
get her to sign
a bottle of her perfume which I'm going
to be giving away along with a few of
her kind of makeup essentials that I
asked her about so if you want to know
what Taylor Swift likes to wear and what
hasn't heard makeup bag so everyday
makeup then go and check out the
interview as well and if you want to win
a signed bottle of her perfume along
with a load of not her makeup but makeup
that she uses then that will also be
information table will be over on my
main PETA channel so yeah I'm sorry this
this vlog has probably been really
scatterbrained and kind of crazy but
really loud
sorry guys probably been really kind of
scatterbrained and crazy but it's
honestly been like such an amazing day I
couldn't have kind of expected like I
was talking to the girls who helped
organize it from Elizabeth Arden and I
honestly couldn't when I started
blogging and blogging
I just never ever thought they would
give me the opportunity to meet like
Taylor Swift because she is honestly
like an idol to me so which sounds kind
of work she's actually younger than me
which sounds really weird but it was
yeah such an awesome experience and she
was so nice honestly like one of the
most normal people and yeah I actually
did manage to get a photo so I will how
many people are riding motorbikes in
Soho today I don't know
so yeah I will put the photo at the end
of this video
another nice bike so yeah I will see you
guys tomorrow for vlog tober day 23 and
yeah a massive thank you to all of you
as well because without you guys
watching my vlogs and reading my blogs I
wouldn't have got to meet her so yeah a
huge thank you for making one of my like
actual dreams come true guys cuz it was
really awesome and I'm gonna keep
walking now yeah I'll see you tomorrow
