hello there guys it's vlog Toba day 21
as you may be able to tell from my voice
I've caught Mike's Lurky thanks very
much for that but more exciting news
look who's here miss Missy I had like
the best weekend like I've seen you and
Becky and Jess in the same weekend I've
seen like all my friends very exciting
it's half-term so lysse is back home
back home with talent ally hasn't she
grown she's grown so much she has like
this awesome afro going right here you
know a dog might think she looks like a
blonde Kevin Keegan we didn't know who
Kevin Keith you know it has to look at
her so she's so cute right Mike is
cooking as curry for dinner not your
traditional Sunday dinner fair I
wouldn't say how what are you cooking
sherry so busy chop some garlic and
onion to make me one you but Europe says
working on a second caramelized
what for a curry we just get them you
just interested nice to do Oh ground
you're gonna brown your breakfast
caramelizing no can you put sugar in it
then I'm going to make some egg fried
rice you've gotta promise to make it
proper proper a florist you've got to
cook the rice first so I'm going to cook
the rice and then and freeze it because
we've only got an hour to get it cold so
it like to get it down to room
temperature really yeah then you can
make a cross in it I promise you'll be
really good on the sheet I am cheating
I'm using tinder professions like this
is how I make curry I take the meat fry
it then put the curry sauce
I've got a couple of extra flavors I'm
adding to it on the way and what we also
have is the dark shadows blu-ray which I
think we're gonna watch this is only
half past four
so we've got time to watch this was five
then watch x-factor then was Downton
Abbey but you've been watching Downton
Abbey I'm not gonna say because there's
a lot of Americans watch this and it
hasn't happened in America yet but
something major happens in is it episode
300 I was told I'm future and I was told
one of pupils what's-her-face what's the
name Mike everyone else said no I was
going with maybe you should quit the
teacher gnome and become a lady Sybil
impersonator so fur is busy working and
I've just finished cooking we've got a
tasty curry bubbling away
chicken curry I think she'll know some
address Simon for business and they've
just made some egg fried rice I think
not about job bit of the key of this is
to have the rice cold when you cook it
and then reheat it and it's super tasty
so we've had our strange a quiet taste
on an Indian gonna plate up so Tammy has
just met okay you're not quite sure
about all the cool making that is not
very happy I think we could have some
squabbling you later
yeah God so here is Mike's culinary
delight guy's a pro curry maker not bad
is it all right
it's edible I'm gonna chow down on this
now ow so guys I'm feeling progressively
worse and I am now on the dreaded lemsip
oh it tastes so great I've even put
sugar in it and everything that's still
tastes awful it's the lemon I prefer the
lemon but it is really really horrible
and we're just watching x-factor now
we've just finished watching JLS what
did you think of them how does it feel
to be the hottest girl in the world with
those socks um yeah so we're about to
watch the Oh
Girls Aloud getting back together yeah
interesting
the hit store um what was I gonna say
yeah who do you think is gonna get
kicked out by expecting this week Rylan
yeah this he doesn't like right I think
it's gotta be the older guy what's his
name is it Chris I can't remember oh I
say older he's actually only 34 I found
he looks a lot older than that I do you
think he's good but I just think he's
not that interesting really I think
either him Rylan
Ryan's entertaining but you can't sing
or I want Ella to win it sounds as if
you want Ella to win it she's the best
yeah so we will see and I will hopefully
have finished this disgusting brew so
we're just sitting down to watch dark
shadows and I thought it would end the
look here because I'm getting a bit
tired and I feel rubbish definitely
going this cold off I'm not impressed
rubbish so we're cuddling with Whoopi to
make us feel better
she's very impressive that we'll see you
guys tomorrow October day 22 and some
rather exciting news I wonder what it
could be what is tomorrow the 22nd of
October is that a significant date for
anybody no I did
