hey guys so it's vlog Toba day 20 day 20
vlog Tober is flying past in the blink
of an eye and today I'm heading off to
Nottingham to see my good friend Becky
who is also on YouTube you'll have seen
her probably in a couple of my videos
how YouTube channels called talk where
he talked in case you're wondering what
that noise is someone was meant to be
coming with me but he's not very well is
in bed you're right dying man flu a bad
bad place place kept bad mouth a little
brother a bad bad case of man flu hey
not very good so yeah I'm just heading
off to see Becky I thought I would show
you what i'ma wear what I cannot speak
today I thought I would show you all
what I'm wearing I have on this scarf
which is from Mulberry I haven't worn
this in ages one of my like favorite
favorite ones there's a present from
Mike was it two years ago for my
birthday I think and then I have on my
Zoey Carson jumper and my forever 21
jeans and then these little new slippers
shoes from the Selfridge which have gems
on them so I'm all kind of I feel like
I'm dressing for spring but it's awesome
but hey it doesn't matter and I'm a
little bit late so I have to go I'm late
I feel like I've been late for
everything this month I feel like every
vlog I'm like I'm late
yeah I'm late and I have to go so I will
see you when I get there
good bye hello guys I have arrived at
Becky's house and she's very excited
what are you excited about I've just
made Fleur so T into tops in fact let me
just get the saucer it's the first time
Becky's ever used her teacups we should
probably get this place that we've got a
bit better light there we go look he's
bad boys and we even have loose leaf tea
we did very fancy and now we are heading
off into Nottingham town to do a bit of
shopping maybe have some lunch
yes we're gonna have some tapas yeah I'm
hungry so we will take you along with it
so in Primark Anna Becky is found
look at the feet look at the feet this
is why I love Primark and they also have
a Hello Kitty one look at this I want to
get one for Mike if he's ill in bed
imagine like a fleece ones
Mike you getting that Christmas that's
your only this is what we have for our
lunch you're gonna talk around Mikey
little bro we've got some lamb stew
chicken wings this is garlic mushrooms
reuse this is very healthy
it's tasty ah cheese beetroot and you
can tell I've been eating it on this
side major it so much yummy we've got
some hummus calamari they're really
yummy so I'm just heading off home now
we thought we'd say goodbye you look so
much taller than me I feel like a midget
whenever I but yeah I'm just saying hey
we've had a nice day of shopping and
eating we went shopping first then went
to eat lunch and then decided that we
had done a lot shopping so but I'm
headed home now and I'm gonna go much
expect that he's got to work all right
but yeah you could we can cover my
passenger seat to be honest there's full
seats in the car you could sit in either
of those rather than this way but yeah
what else is happening I'm sure we'll
see back again
I'll see you at home so I've just got
home to find my own personal Doctor
Dolittle surrounded by animals how are
you feeling Mike last night at 11
o'clock when he wanted leaves laid he
was like you're the worst girlfriend in
the world so he's watching take me out
which I'm glad I did really hilarious
and look at all your little friends you
got mouths whoopee what you got there
will for you chew we've got Maddy who's
my parents other dog who is also staying
for a couple of days and little brownie
where's beaver hiding somewhere Mike is
dr. Dolittle so it smells like food in
there have you been cooking smells
delicious so yeah a thoroughly enjoyable
day spent with Becky who I don't get to
see very often she's actually gonna be
one of my bridesmaids which is really
exciting and I just yeah it sucks that
she lives kind of far away but it was
right you fidget bottom yeah it was
really nice to spend the day with her
and it's one of those things as well as
like you always think it's so far away
to go and visit somebody but when you
actually do it it's not that bad so we
really need to kind of see each other
more because yeah it was really fun
spending the day with her and doing a
little bit of shopping so I will see you
all tomorrow for vlog Tauber day 21
isn't this going fast I honestly like
cannot believe it I can't believe it
it's 21st tomorrow crazy we Halloween
too we do anything probably I think so
rubbish feel like we need to do
something cool for Halloween because
we're doing vlog Toba but yeah I was
eating more guys bye
that was a quiet one from you tonight
