hey guys so it's vlog Toba day 19 and
today I am not really going anywhere
anywhere special going anywhere anywhere
special I'm not really going anywhere
special so I thought I would do and the
tag video for you all because I love
doing tag videos and you guys seem to
like them too so I got tagged by my
friend Ingrid to doing that I heart full
tag ages ago and I know most people do
these on their beauty channels but I
think there's only two beauty related
questions so I thought I may as well do
it here on my vlog Channel and I wanted
to do it before full actually or autumn
as we call it in UK actually ended so
yeah I'm gonna do it and there are ten
questions the first question is your
favorite full lip product and I put it
on especially for this video my favorite
full lip product I've only actually had
this this year so it's not like an
all-time full favorite but this year my
favourite full lip product is beguiled
by Topshop it's a lipstick and it's
pretty much exactly the same color as my
favorite nail polish which is the next
question and I quite like this lipstick
actually because it's like a plumbing
red color but it's not too purple it's
more like a pinky tone so it's not as
hard to wear my favorite full nail
polish like I said is the one I'm
wearing at the moment then it's actually
a nail polish combination it is Rimmel's
the Rimmel pro professional finish in
number 410 transporting with a gemstone
topcoat over the top and you can use any
gemstone topcoat but the one that I tend
to use because it's the one that I have
is as always Chloe I just really like
this because I love that dark purple
color like I said with the lips it's a
really kind of autumnal color but then I
also like putting the gemstone top coat
over the top especially one that has
like an orange and green tone to it
because it reminds me of like the
falling leaves if you see what I mean
it's almost like a burnt orange color I
really love it number three is what is
your favorite favorite Starbucks full
drink actually it used to be gingerbread
latte but I think it has been taken over
by try it a lot and I know chai tea
latte isn't like one of the limited
edition fall drinks but it's what I tend
to drink this time of year I usually get
a tulle chai tea latte with soy milk and
no water because then it's the actual
spice and the chai tea is much stronger
because they don't
down with water it's really good you
guys should try it okay so number four
is your favorite full candle and I know
this will be the same as a lot of
people's but mine is slackin and coat
sleeves which you can't weigh in the UK
and it kills me this is my last one that
I have which I got back in January I
only ever burn it in the winter so I
kind of like saved it for this year and
it's literally dying I think it's got to
the end yeah it has because I left this
burning it's finished now basically it
really annoys me how they have that
little bit of candle wax left in the
bottom but it doesn't burn like the
wicks are right at their own so bye-bye
leaves hopefully I'll be able to pick
one up when I go to LA I go in like ten
days and apparently the full scents have
already been taken out of the stores but
you never know I may be able to find
like the last-minute leaves okay so
number five is what is your favorite
full accessory or scarf and I have
chosen scarf for this one my favorite
full accessory this year has been this
scarf which is actually this was a gift
from Ingrid who tied me to this video
for my birthday it's from Alexander
McQueen and it's not particularly like
autumnal or warm like it's a silk scarf
so it's not really gonna keep you warm
but I've been wearing it loads because I
just absolutely love this really kind of
pale peachy pink color with the rose
gold skulls on it I just absolutely love
it and it's almost rose gold is almost
perfect for autumn as well because it is
a little bit more coppery so yeah this
is my favorite full accessory this year
I love it number six is haunted house
haunted hayride or haunted corn maze I
have to admit I've never been on or in
either Halloween isn't as big a thing in
the UK and especially because I live in
the countryside I don't really have that
many neighbors so trick-or-treating and
Halloween in general like wasn't really
a big thing when I was growing up it is
becoming bigger now but it's more of
like either if you're a kid now or if
you're at uni now they tend to have like
Halloween parties number seven favorite
Halloween movie again and don't really
like scary movies that much but when I
was growing up hocus-pocus was my
favorite like I used to find it so scary
and looking back now I'm like that's
quite funny because it's not really that
scary but um yeah definitely hocus-pocus
and I know a lot of people probably say
the same thing
number eight favorite candy to eat on
Halloween again I didn't really go
trick-or-treating so I don't really have
like a favorite candy but if I did it
would definitely be hot tamales because
we don't have them in England but I love
cinnamon flavor sweets and we actually
like they don't sell cinnamon flavored
like anything in the UK and it drives me
crazy so they always pick up whenever I
go to the states and as the cinnamon
flavored it kind of fits into the time
here as well so if I was American and
I'd have had candy on Halloween that
would've been my favorite candy for sure
number nine what are you dressing our
pals for Halloween we don't actually
have any plans to go to a Halloween
party and this kind of like makes me sad
because I see everybody on YouTube
dressing up and really want to dress up
however Mike's mom did have these like
two-person cow costumes at her house the
other day which she said we could borrow
because she'd done some charity event
with them and before she returned them
she said no you can use them Halloween
if you want so if we do end up going to
like a party or something me and Mike
we're gonna go as a two-person cow for
sure and the final question what is your
favorite thing about fall or autumn my
favorite thing for sure is the leaves
like where I live is very green and
rural so we have a lot of trees and I
just love seeing kind of like the red
leaves orange leaves and I also love
those days where it's really clear but
crisp so you've got blue skies but it's
really cold out so you have to wrap up
warm and all of the leaves are going red
I just absolutely love that feeling and
you know it's autumn and this year has
been one of the first years I've really
started to appreciate autumn because
usually I just get sad that it's the end
of some of it this year I've just been
absolutely like loving the fact that
it's autumn and how pretty is so yeah
that is my full I heart full tag it was
like there's my full favorite song like
that's my I heart full tag I'm not gonna
tag anyone in particular because I know
most of my kind of YouTube friends have
already done this tag but if you do want
to do it and leave it as a video
response and then please do I would love
to see your I heart full tags so yeah
until tomorrow guys I hope you're all
having a great day and I will see you in
that video bye
