hey guys so it is vlog tobert day 18 to
go out where and i am in the car I'm
just off to my mom's house to do some
filming this morning and then this
afternoon I'm headed over see Louise or
sprinkleofglitter
and hopefully we'll do a bit of vlogging
with her and also some filming for our
beauty channels we're not entirely short
we're gonna film yet I have a list of
stuff that I want to film this morning
but I haven't really thought about it
maybe doing like a beauty Q&A or
something with the weeds might be quite
cool I would say let me know but
obviously this video will be going up
after I've seen her so I'll tweet about
it and see what you guys think but yeah
that's what I'm doing today I tend to
like recently I've been filming at my
mum's for my beauty videos like the
whole time because it's just such an
easy setup like for the like short while
it takes me to drive over that it's just
so much easier in terms of like setting
everything up getting the lighting right
because at home it can be really
difficult because the window that I
shoot in front is at the side of the bed
and I just don't like the setup so much
but the room isn't big enough to have
like a light in front of the bed because
I tried that and it was like way in your
face like bright so yes that is what I'm
doing this morning and I will see you in
a while crocodiles
hi guys I'm with again in her living
room where I've been where she lives in
the living room your blog on that if
you're a fan of Louise's blog that's
where it comes from that is them
sprinkleofglitter blogging HQ right
there guys right there
we've just been filming a couple of
videos for both of our channels we go to
watts in my handbag for Louise's channel
and then we did a new tag video which is
like the eh-2-zed of beauty which I'm
actually very excited about although I'm
not sure how it turned out but I think I
think with editing there was a lot of
like cute cute a beauty brand beginning
with cute I wish that I was
I don't I've only got one Illamasqua
thing static that's what you've got the
static pigment sparkly you and they
bored me to buy that I'm gonna enable
you some more oh here we go right over
show orchid lipstick or even go about
town with your finger just dab a bit
here and here let's try that if we're
ever going out on her likes to try that
night out
you try that at home guys is Mindy still
outside can I show him in the guy oh
he's not he's coming she um she is she's
sitting out in the cup can you see her
and she makes this little like nest in
the garage like and she pushes all the
grass down and like makes a little
circle it's pretty cute but she's now
sitting up licking her that's back you
did call with a boy there when you first
met with I always want to call dogs a
boy I'm just funny that door is open
some of my still stuff I shed my plastic
patio chest we go to the park now yeah
on the boat and there's there's like
mega kids in the park I've haven't been
to a like a kiddie park in such a long
time hi Darcy wants to uh drive the boat
fancy seeing you here
on a pole do you like this piece of
apparatus
we're swinging right now guys this is
swing tastic experience I haven't been
to the park in a world is fun can we do
this like every day yeah do you do this
every day
vlogging right now guys I might think
I'm gonna die
I'm not gonna lie guys but I think
Louise just actually scared the beep out
of me on this big swing that I'm on just
chilling out she liked pop Darcy on my
knees I think we're gonna head home from
the park now but isn't it a beautiful
day guys check out all the awesome
treats on the sky and Louise upside down
we just got back from the park and now I
am going home because I have to go
that's a good enough reason to go home
it's just the way life happens you have
to leave sometimes and it's sad but I'm
sure I'll be seeing you you can't be
sometimes wait that's not I move in I
can sleep on the sofa there hey look I
could this could be my house yes yeah
who thinks I could live in here I'm
quite small I can barely fit fit my face
it oh look here's the bad it's a double
so might get sleep in there too
yeah perfect good going why do they
always go with yeah we always just talk
weird about weird stuff we don't plan
this we just end up being hello again
guys so I am home now as you may be able
to tell I'm in my bedroom here is my
little baby girl hey gorgeous you gonna
say hi to everybody you've got a dirty
nose well he's got food all over her
nose good girl yeah I'm home now in my
well kind of PJs but not really I'm in a
hoodie and privacy bottoms
yeah and I'm pretty sure that might be
the end of the vlog I've just been
editing videos
this evening because I filmed quite a
lot of stuff at my mum's earlier and I
think I'm gonna have a nice bath to
finish off the day because I actually
went to lush yesterday I'm gonna do a
proper haul but I think I'm gonna have a
bath with this one which i think is
called the Golden Wonder but I didn't
realize when I look how gross that's
like gold everywhere but is there
something inside this I've never had
this bath bomb before but it kind of
sounds like something inside it which
makes me want to like discover so we'll
let you guys know I'm gonna run a bath
and we'll see what happens to it okay so
it's going in to actor
smells nice smell it refreshes oh it's
cool sequiny stop I hope they dissolve
were like easy to wash away wow that's
really cool actually that's one of the
coolest bus homes I've had four lush yay
well that was awesome um yeah I've never
bought now and I will teach my football
to everday 19 I hope you all have a
great night bye guys
