hey guys it's vlog kotoba day 17 and
today I'm going to be doing a tag video
it is a new tag video and it was started
by Mazzy over at clothes and curls who
if you haven't checked her up and check
her out she's really funny and cool and
I think she actually started because she
saw Ruth or on a Radha land model
recommends talking about advice that you
would give to your teenage self and she
thought it was awesome
starting the tag tagged me and hence I'm
doing it so this is the advice for your
teenage self tag I just thought it was a
really fun tag to do because everybody
has advice that it would give to their
teenage self I'm pretty sure because you
know things that you learn in your life
so going back to what I would say to my
teenage self there are six parts and
part one is three makeup or fashion do's
that you would say to your teenage self
the first one I would say is do keep
wearing those pink cowboy boots that you
have because they're awesome and you'll
still like them in ten years even though
you probably won't wear them so much you
still think they're awesome keep wearing
them they're cool yeah I used to have
these picked hell with boots and I used
to wear them the whole time and yeah
looking back now like they're one of
those things that even though they were
kind of a trend they're still like I
still look back at pictures and think
they're cool whereas most other stuff I
wore I look back at pictures and I think
that is not cool so yeah pink cowboy
boots are a good option they won't like
bright pink guys they were like a dusty
like almost like brownie white pink okay
number two do you keep asking for YSL
mascara and to shake laughs for
Christmas they are really good makeup
products that you should be using if you
can every single Christmas when I was
teenager YSL mascara and t-shirt I would
be like number one on my Christmas list
like Christmas and birthday every year
because I love them and I still love
them now I still use them now and they
are just generally awesome the third and
final makeup of fashion do is do look
after your skin a little better because
I had a print of a habit of like picking
up spots in get many spots when I was
teenager I had really good skin but any
spot that needed get I would picking it
and then just leave scars and it's just
generally a bad idea so just
do and you know it's bad already but it
will annoy you for a long time to come
if you do this I don't do it yes the
second part of the tag is three makeup
or fashion don'ts so number one for me
would definitely be do not keep on
wearing that baby pink cream eyeshadow
for like everyday for a year when you're
13 it's a bad idea it looks bad it looks
bad just buy one that's like a nice like
neutral color don't wear the baby pink
metallic each eye shadow it's bad
number two the American flag jeans and
flashing belly button ring bad idea as
well just burn them burn them now you
know that they're slightly questionable
even when you wear them you're like I
don't know if this is actually cool
don't do it just burn them straight away
put them on the bonfire and number three
that cut in your eyebrow that you picked
out it leaves a scar that you have to
fill in for like the rest of your life
so just don't do it just leave it and it
won't leave a scar and then it will be
brilliant and you won't have a big patch
in your right eyebrow for the rest of
your life so yeah that would be awesome
if you could do that I would really
appreciate it the third part is a deep
and meaningful piece of advice for your
teenage self and I think this is pretty
much going to be something that's very
similar for most people but it would be
don't worry so much about what other
people think about you like you spend so
much time worrying about what people
think how you're looking like what
you're doing all of that kind of stuff I
know it's part and parcel of being a
teenager but if you could stop worrying
about that by like maybe even just 30%
less you would enjoy yourself so much
more because you have so much awesome
free time that you can spend with your
friends and have fun when you're a
teenager you just don't need to waste
your time worrying about all of that
rubbish so yeah that would be my deep
and meaningful advice number four is a
piece of advice for school I would
definitely go back and say to my teenage
self you know you're thinking about
taking that photography a/s course as an
extra but you're a little bit lazy so
you can't be bothered do it it will come
in so useful in like seven years time
when you have a blog and you really want
to do awesome photography but you don't
know how to use a camera and you have to
learn from scratch if you could have
done that when you're at a school you'd
probably be a way better photographer
and your blog would be even more awesome
so yeah it will come in really useful if
you take photography number five is a
piece of advice for friends and this
would definitely be and I think this is
probably a similar thing as well that
most people will say to their teenage
self make the most of having the
opportunity to be with your friends
every single day because when you grow
up like that is just not an option and
it's the most awesome opportunity to be
able to see your best friends every day
build up awesome relationships with them
you'll never get that opportunity again
where you see like all of your best
friends every single day
also don't defense quite so much time
with your boyfriend's when you're a
teenager because there are gonna be
other boyfriends they're not as
important your friends will be there for
like the rest of your life your
boyfriend's won't pee so yeah spend as
much time as you can with your friends
while you can before you all go and
dispersed across the country in the
world because yeah it's your last chance
go and have an awesome time and the last
section is what is a piece of advice you
would give to your teenage self about
having fun and for me this would be
don't be so scared like I spent the
whole of my teenage years
scared of what getting punished by
teachers teacher they're just normal
people like they totally think that
you're going to misbehave I mean just
have a good time don't be so scared of
getting a detention or like just getting
in trouble or getting shouted out just
been a little bit naughty obviously
don't be too naughty but just you know
live on the wild side a little bit more
because you're like way too good you
just you worry too much about getting in
trouble and you don't do anything like
naughty
so yeah yes that is it's for the advice
for my teenage self tag I hope you guys
enjoyed it I have a list of people here
that I tag and I tagged Tanya from pixie
to woo Nicky Philip hi Rachel from
checking the mirror Ingrid I tagged
Allison I'm reaks Louise from
sprinkleofglitter zoella or Zoe from
zoella 2803 90 I think is the numbers
after her name I can't remember Lily
pebbles magnet as well Viviana does
makeup and anyone else who wants to do
it I tag you I will see you again
tomorrow for fall today 18 until then
have an awesome day bye
