hey guys it's plug Toba day 16 and it is
7:45 right now and I'm just on my way to
London in case you're wondering why I'm
wearing my glasses I hardly ever wear my
glasses in the day I haven't really saw
eye it's still red from last night so I
just thought I'm not gonna wear contacts
today I'm gonna wear glasses and look
really geeky so yeah I'm just off to
London to get my hair done this morning
and then I've got a couple of meetings
this afternoon hence I have my laptop
which I'm gonna have to lug around with
me but yeah I will update you from the
road I'm leaving like 10 minutes early
in the hope that I may be able to pick
up a Starbucks on the way which will
thoroughly wake me up because I'm quite
sleepy 15 minutes not very cool I
actually missed it by like 30 seconds so
I had that moment where you're like
running across the train station and the
doors closed really so I had to buy
another ticket
red traffic light and I had to say yeah
I'm in a cab now on my way to Paris I'm
a little bit late that's because I think
how about five minutes late I hope I'm
not being too late but yeah I will keep
you updated with the hairdo nurse it's
looking pretty crazy at the baby hey
guys so we just got the header so you
probably can't even tell because it's so
windy and outside and filming skills are
not too good but whilst I was in the
hairdresser sorry I'm just let myself in
whilst I was in the hairdresser we found
out on Twitter via Kate Tanya's friend
that there is an in-n-out burger in
London for one day only and Mike has
decided that he is going to drive all
the way down to London for this
in-and-out burger um
which sounds a little crazy to me but I
may go meet him there it's actually in
Hendon which is kind of like North
London essentially so I'm hoping that
it's actually true and not a hoax and we
might even be able to get in and out but
I did say to Mike we're going to LA in
like two weeks we can get in and out
burger whenever we want but he is
determined so I'm just dropping some
stuff off at my sister's and then I am
heading over to do a few memory card
transfer things which is really boring
because basically it messed up over the
weekend so I have to go and do it again
and I've already a memory card off a
friend's so it's a long story blah blah
blah yeah and then I'm headed back into
central for a meeting so hopefully I
will update you with in and out who
knows ok guys so we have established
that in-and-out is not a hoax and we are
on our way so V is coming with us we're
going to pick up some friends and then
we are headed over and Mike is gonna
meet us there he's driven all the way
down he's from like Ann which i think is
hilarious because we are gonna be in LA
in two weeks when you could have had it
now so we're on our way speech here it's
gonna be
first ever in and out speaker you
excited is it gonna be tasty what are
you gonna have it animal style animal
style yeah delicious delicious where are
we going to eat burgers where are we
getting a burger from from mummy ah a
speedo from in-and-out burger
okay guys so we have just got
confirmation from Mike that it is real
he's arrived in park next door trip when
we got a bit of an issue it spikes
fallen asleep so I don't know whether he
will be enjoying his first in-and-out
burger anytime to parenting there's only
burgers and no fries though which could
be interesting in an hour burger queue
Mike is in it somewhere where is he he's
dead
but must have to leave to go to a
meeting so hey guys so I've just got
back to my sisters from a crazy crazy
mad day in the last section of vlog you
will have seen is me chomping down open
in an hour burger and it like went elope
my nose was like oh but to cut a long
story short and I didn't talk very
loudly in the vlogs when were in there
because it was actually really really
small
I had to head off to a meeting at 3:30
so I had to leave at 3 o'clock
we queued for like two hours to get this
in an Out Burger we ordered sat down and
it was 5 minutes to 2 and the order
still wasn't there and there was like
six orders in front of us so I was like
oh my god of queue for two hours I'm not
gonna get the in-n-out burger I'm not
gonna get it and I was like getting
really stressed out so in the end my
friend went and asked one of the waiters
he was like look you know is there any
chance cuz I was a bit I was too
embarrassed to do it but it's the handy
chance we can like get one of our bows
early like we've been queuing for two
hours and she's got to go and so they
actually the really nice people working
there brought it out early for my order
it was so tasty so anyway after that one
bite that you saw like that ah I then
like about turned ran out of the shop
pretty much I was kind of running and
eating at the same time all the way to
the tube station then got on the tube
and then yeah but it was worth it it was
worth it so we are hoping that they're
gonna bring out in and out
yeah we had a chat with them and they
said they're thinking about it
apparently they pulled the same the same
stunt in Singapore and they sold out as
well but it was so cool it was like in
this most random little cafe in Hendon
and it was so tasty but it was kind of
one of those things like I've never
queued for anything before you know like
when Harry Potter comes out or like
Tamagotchis when were younger or iPhones
like I've never queued for anything and
it is like kind of like it gives you
like a massive buzz it's really weird
but it was a tasty burger and it was
quite a fun experience to actually like
go and get a burger and there was so
many people like coming up they would be
like what the hell is going on why you
guys queueing so yeah I think we're
gonna head back to home now what are you
doing for dinner the only thing I've
eaten all day is a double double double
double animal style you know Nikki saw
my text and thought we were in LA that
is proof that is riff in fact and proof
and she has to stand by that or should I
say a grand total of five wasps with
that more so then if we don't get to
have one every other day you might get
two in a row or two on one day how do
you feel about if I have a double double
double what do if you have a ten-by-ten
I'll be amazing the semantics gonna put
on like 50 stone and come back from
America or fatty
indeed we are ciao
